Acromantis nicobarica is a species of praying mantis native to the Nicobar Islands, a part of India near Myanmar.
It is also known as the honeymoon fly or double-headed bug.
Omorgus villosus is a beetle of the family Trogidae.
Teinopalpus is a genus of butterfly in the family Papilionidae.
Individuals occasionally turn up east of this range; in eastern North America, though, it is replaced by the similar eastern tiger swallowtail, Papilio glaucus.
The moths flies from May to September depending on the location.
The posterior half of the costa has four small slight, very oblique ochreous-yellowish marks, the last two accompanied with a few black specks.
It contains the single species Lobilema conspersa, which is found in Tanzania.
It is a member of the narrow-winged damselfly family Coenagrionidae with its closest relatives originating in Africa, for example Azuragrion nigridorsum.
Species in this genus are commonly known as "clay", "dart" or "rustic", but such names are commonplace among Noctuidae.
Phrataria transcissata is a moth of the family Geometridae.
Cyanopepla is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
The Latin name commemorates Thomas Vernon Wollaston, an entomologist who has discovered several insect taxa on Madeira.
The beetles can also be a pest of stored combs, and honey awaiting extraction.
Culex annulirostris mosquitoes are active between spring and late autumn.
The Lead-coloured Drab is a moth of the family Noctuidae.
There are two subfamilies: Silphinae and Nicrophorinae.
In many species of the genus at least some races are polyploid and parthenogenetic, while the rest of the races and species are diploid and bisexual.
Its natural habitats are shrub-dominated wetlands, swamps, intermittent freshwater lakes, and freshwater marshes.
It belongs to the fungus moth family, and therein to the nominate subfamily Tineinae.
Parides burchellanus is a species of swallowtail butterfly.
Swallowtail butterflies are large, colorful butterflies in the family Papilionidae, and include over 550 species.
It is characterized by its black-and-white-striped legs, and small black-and-white-striped body.
This small, very colorful moth resembles a true bug or beetle when not in flight, but in flight it resembles a wasp.
Revision of the subgenus Troglorhynchus Reitter of the genus Otiorhynchus Germar.
Argynnini is a tribe of butterflies in the subfamily Heliconiinae, containing some of the fritillaries.
It is used as an agent of biological pest control against noxious knapweeds, particularly spotted knapweed and diffuse knapweed.
They are considered pests and attack deciduous trees, over time reducing the wood to a powdery dust.
The species of this genus are found in the Afrotropic ecozone.
The name was changed in 1924 to Arachnocampa, meaning "spider-worm," for the way the larvae hang sticky silk threads to ensnare prey.
Larvae feed on plants in the nightshade family, Solanaceae, especially native ʻaiea, but also non-native tomatoes, tobacco, tree tobacco, jimson weed, and eggplant.
Little is known of the biology of tanypezid species, but T. longimana is known from low vegetation in humid deciduous woodlands, often around running water.
For the species misidentified by LeConte in 1853 and declared a new species under the name Nicrophorus lunatus, but later corrected, see Nicrophorus sayi
It contains the largest Muscid grenera Phaonia.
The forewing edge is scalloped and the forewing is marked with yellow and dark brown lines.
The offspring laid on garlic mustard do not survive.
Together the two genera form the subfamily Hageniinae.
Palpopleura jucunda is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae.
It is considered paradoxical because, despite being a true butterfly, its antennae do not have the characteristic clubbed ends which are otherwise diagnostic of butterflies.
The adult beetle is light golden brown and about 3 millimeters long.
Among biological insecticides, the nematode species Steinernema feltiae and S. carpocapsae show promise.
There is also a violet-metallic pre-apical spot.
Mythimna vitellina, the delicate', is a moth of the family Noctuidae.
Protoneura prolongata is a species of damselfly in the family Protoneuridae.
Like those of other stag beetles, the white, C-shaped larvae feed on wood.
This is because largeness provides a survival advantage.
Lasius speculiventris is a species of ant that is commonly found in the northern United States and lives in forests, woodlands, and meadows.
If it is pinched or poked, the larva squeaks and bites at the attacker.
^ Paulson, D. & von Ellenrieder, N.. "Perigomphus pallidistylus".
Myathropa florea is a very common European and North African species of hoverfly.
Eriphioides is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
After this, the larvae are typically 0.9 to 1 cm in length and form reddish-brown pupae which hatch into adult flies after around 20 days.
It is found in possibly Brazil and possibly Peru.
Alloperla is a genus of stoneflies in family Chloroperlidae.
The eggs are laid depending on the species of gasterophilus.
If they want to go to the right, they must land and turn on the ground.
Eustalodes is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
Argyrocheila is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
Coudia is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
The species Chrysolina cerealis and C. graminis are protected in the United Kingdom.
Chaetocneme denitza, commonly known as the rare red-eye or ornate dusk-flat, is a butterfly of the skipper family.
If the seed is cut, the larva will repair the hole with silk.
The forewings have a bold pattern of yellow, brown and white.
They are known commonly as saddlebags or saddlebags gliders.
Aedia is a genus of noctuid moths.
The common white wave is a moth of the family Geometridae.
Often in Chinese entemological nomenclature Thitarodes is still referred to as Hepialus, although the name was changed back in 1968.
This species is a main pollinator of black cardamom crops in India.
A larva might destroy up to 90% of the developing seeds inside a given flower head.
They are not slugs but are a kind of sawfly of the family Tenthredinidae.
Curetis acuta, the angled sunbeam, is a species of butterfly belong to the lycaenid family.
Aedes cinereus is a mosquito species in the genus Aedes.
Troides plateni, the Dr. Platen's birdwing, is a birdwing butterfly endemic to Palawan, Balabac, Dumaran, and the Calamian Islands in the Philippines.
While most woodborers have a large prothorax, powderpost beetles do not, making their heads more visible.
It has a forward wing length of 22–28 mm.
Epiphryne verriculata, the cabbage tree moth, is a moth of the Geometridae family.
The female has distinctive orange-yellow spots on the third segment of the abdomen.
Male scoliids patrol territories, ready to mate with females emerging from the ground.
One or two broods are produced each year and adults can be seen at any time between May and August.
Its natural habitats are swamps, freshwater marshes, and open excavations.
It is found in Europe and has been introduced to New Zealand.
A. latens tends to bite from 6 p.m. throughout the night, peaking at midnight.
Larvae of species in this genus are characterized by an anal segment with retractile posterior prolegs.
Adult females are maggot-like with yellowish-white soft bodies 19 to 23 mm long and small tufts of hair near the end of the abdomen.
The term ghost moth is sometimes used as a general term for all Hepialids.
They are about 30 mm wide and 25 mm long.
Other major members, which live in drier heathland, are the cornfield ant, L. neoniger, and L. alienus.
Females also tend to be slightly larger than males.
Pthirus pubis is the cause of the condition known as crabs.
The brood parasitic or cuckoo bumblebees have sometimes been classified as a subgenus or genus, Psithyrus, but are now usually treated as members of Bombus.
Amantis malayana is a species of praying mantis native to Indonesia, on the islands of Bacan, Kaisa, and Sulawesi.
It enters the flesh of the leaf and digs tunnels through it as it feeds.
The forewings are ferruginous, irrorated with very pale greyish-ochreous and with very pale greyish-ochreous ; markings and a rosy costal edge.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical swamps, shrub-dominated wetlands, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Megalagrion nesiotes is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae.
It contains the single species Diaxanthia lucinia, which is found in Costa Rica.
The Marbled Gray is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae.
The female lays about 200 eggs during her ninety-day adult lifespan.
It is named after a former genus Zyzza, appended with the ancient Greek geitōn.
It has, however, been introduced to Mediterranean Europe, where it has spread as a pest of cultivated Pelargonium geraniums, which also originate in South Africa.
Spilosoma urticae, the water ermine, is a moth of the family Erebidae.
Manduca barnesi is a moth of the family Sphingidae.
Mimacraea is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
Strigiphilus garylarsoni is a species of chewing louse found only on owls.
Its common names include black marsh trotter, ferruginous glider and voyaging glider.
Allophlebia is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
The Corethrellidae are a family of parasitic midges, small flying insects belonging to the order Diptera, that are commonly known to parasitize frogs.
Adults are on wing in several generations in the tropics.
^ Clausnitzer, V.; Suhling, F. & Dijkstra, K.-D.B.. "Brachythemis lacustris".
The larvae feed on dandelion and knotgrass.
Acricotopus is a genus of non-biting midges of the bloodworm family Chironomidae.
The Cryptocephalinae are a subfamily of the leaf beetles, and belong to the group of case-bearing leaf beetles called the Camptosomata.
There is a postmedian transverse orange fascia,
The species has a wingspan of 12–21 mm.
Like ants and some bees and wasps from the separate order Hymenoptera, termites divide labour among castes consisting of sterile male and female "workers" and "soldiers".
Cigaritis abnormis, the abnormal silverline, is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in India and Pakistan.
The best identifying feature is the large, pale, squarish stigma which gives the species its common name.
Orthorhinus cylindrirostris, commonly known as the Elephant Weevil, is a species of Curculionidae.
Amblycheila cylindriformis – Great Plains giant tiger beetle
It is endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
It is found throughout Europe and the Near East.
Monomorium is a genus of ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae.
It is found throughout much of the Palearctic ecozone from Ireland to Japan and in the Nearctic.
Its common name was the Mono Lake Hygrotus Diving Beetle.
Seedlings planted or arising from natural regeneration after clear felling operations are especially at risk.
Nicolaea is a Neotropical genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
The species is a good flier, but it often hops when disturbed, which is why it is often mistaken for a leafhopper.
Adult morphology suggests the adults lived in open habitats.
All the individuals are viviparous parthenogenetic females all year round.
There are two conspicuous warts on rings two to five, and less obvious raised spots on the other rings, all bearing hairs.
It is found in Europe, China and Russia.
It contains the species Sclerograptis oxytypa, which is found in Guyana.
Adults are on wing from December to January, with a peak in December.
Noctua fimbriata, the broad-bordered yellow underwing, is a moth of the family Noctuidae.
Passalus latifrons is a beetle of the Family Passalidae.
Gonatista grisea, common name grizzled mantis or lichen mimic, is a species of praying mantis native to the Southern United States, primarily Florida.
True to their name, they may burrow down in soil to a depth of about 1 m, where they make permanent homes.
The median band of the hindwing upperside has pale yellow spots which are indistinct.
The bodies are generally striped with yellow, red or white, sometimes very brightly, and they have simple antennae.
Chlorocnemis marshalli is a species of damselfly in the family Protoneuridae.
Marumba quercus is a moth of the family Sphingidae.
Likely New Zealand's most common native ant, also known as the southern ant.
It is also found in northern and central Asia, but not in Japan.
The species is widespread in continental North America, with local populations found throughout subarctic Canada and the United States.
The length of the forewings is 18–23 mm.
They nest underground in soft soil, digging burrows up to 20 times their body lengnth.
It occurs on all major islands of the Mediterranean.
Arrade destituta is a moth of the Noctuidae family.
Pyrgomantis signatifrons is a species of praying mantis found in the Congo River area.
The almond moth or tropical warehouse moth is a small stored-product pest.
Apaturina is a monotypic genus of butterflies in the family Nymphalidae.
Drosophila melanogaster is a species of fly in the family Drosophilidae.
It is found in Hong Kong and Japan and Taiwan-Wugu wetland.
Battus zetides, the zetides swallowtail, is a species of butterfly in the family Papilionidae.
The outer cross line on the front wings consists of dark points and is well developed.
Formicoxenus is a genus of ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae.
Bandwings, or band-winged grasshoppers is a group of insects classified under the family Acrididae.
The male genitalia and the larva are figured by Dusek and Laska.
Pseudagrion rufocinctum is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae.
Its larvae have been found to associate with the logs of Persea americana.
In captivity they have been recorded to live for up to seven years.
Xylota is a genus of hoverflies similar in structure to the related genera Chalcosyrphus and Brachypalpoides.
It perches with the wings outspread like a fan.
Most feed on the undersides of leaves by piercing the epidermis and sucking the sap.
It is native to the southeastern United States, especially northern Florida.
Erynnis is found in the Neotropical ecozone and across the Palearctic but the highest species diversity is in the Nearctic.
Celastrina huegeli ,the large hedge blue, is a small butterfly found in India that belongs to the lycaenids or blues family.
Nabis lineatus lives close to the ground as well as high up on sedges, rushes, Molinia , Eriophorum, Glyceria.
Strongylognathus afer is a species of ant in the genus Strongylognathus.
Encentrotis is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
Cladodes is a genus of firefly beetles.
It was described from a single specimen collected in 1938 on Rottnest Island, located off the coast of Western Australia.
Bombus maxillosus is a species of cuckoo bumblebee found in Austria, the Czech Republic, France, Hungary, Italy, Romania, Slovakia, Spain, and Switzerland.
The metasomal sternum of the first segment is separated from the second by a constriction.
Orsotriaena medus, the dark grass-brown, is a butterfly found in South Asia, Southeast Asia, and Australia.
The type species of Fulgora is Cicada laternaria Linnaeus 1758, designated under the Plenary Powers by ICZN.
They were previously placed in a separate superfamily, Hesperioidea; however, the most recent taxonomy places the family in the superfamily Papilionoidea.
The larvae feed on these sphagnum bog mosses.
Specifically, habitats of the wheel bug include sunflowers, goldenrod, cotton, trunks of locust trees, and various fruit and tree groves.
A thin white squiggly line is visible in this band.
It is endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The beetles are nocturnal, and are attracted to lights at night.
The larvae feed on low growing plants and deciduous trees.
The subfamily Tettigoniinae, also called shield-backed katydids, contains hundreds of species, with 123 in North America.
The moth flies from April to August depending on the location.
Adults are most often seen on cow dung, basking in open ground or visiting flowers to feed upon nectar.
It is thought that it breeds on dripping wet embankments or in small streams in habitats that lack gambusia.
They are generally divided in three subfamilies which share the same type of hearing organ.
Nacliodes is a genus of moths in the family Erebidae.
The 11-segment antennae are short, resembling a string of beads, while the mandibles lack cutting edges and are thus nonfunctional.
Lithoproctis is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
Thestor brachycerus, the Knysna skolly, is a species of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family.
Males can be distinguished at a distance by their habit of curling their abdomens under while flying, forming a sideways J shape.
Like all Fulgoridae, P. candelaria feeds on plant sap: including longan and lychee trees, among others.
It is found in Malawi, Mozambique, and Tanzania.
Celaenorrhinus ambareesa, the Malabar spotted flat, is a butterfly of the hesperiid family found in Asia.
They are attended by Crematogaster liengmei ants.
Neochlamisus bebbianae is a species in the leaf beetle genus Neochlamisus.
Xanthorhoe semifissata is a moth of the family Geometridae.
As opposed to the paraphyletic chewing lice, which are now divided among three suborders, the sucking lice are monophyletic.
They are very similar in appearance and behavior to the giant water bugs, and also occur in ponds and other still waters.
It is also known as the asparagus fern caterpillar.
The pupa is formed within a slight cocoon in a folded piece of leaf.
A. sexdens is an ecologically important species, but also an agricultural pest.
Dendroctonus is a genus of bark beetles.
Tapena is a monotypic genus of butterflies in the family Hesperiidae subfamily Pyrginae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
Some species, such as Tabanus bovinus, prefer bovine animals and are less harmful to humans.
The caterpillars are greenish pink with a black head.
Sclerocopa is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
The moth flies from June to July depending on the location.
Solenopsis are stinging ants and most of their common names reflect this, for example, ginger ants and tropical fire ants.
The two wings are transparent, as with most flies, but the leading edge is amber, with a brown patch on each wing.
It contains the species Tenera vittata, which is found in the Russian Far East.
It is present in all of northern Eurasia.
It contains the single species Pseudoatta argentina, native to Argentina.
Like their hosts they are woodland species.
Recently this taxon was made a subgenus of Argynnis.
The Strepsiptera are an endopterygote order of insects with nine extant families making up about 600 species.
The adults are about 6–10 mm in length; third-instar larvae are 5-7 mm in length.
This species is often confused with Nomada goodeniana and the two names may be listed as synonyms.
Formicoxenus quebecensis is a species of ant in the genus Formicoxenus.
This may vary in other parts of the range.
Rheumaptera cervinalis, the scarce tissue, is a moth of the genus Rheumaptera in the family Geometridae.
Its species name has for a long time been misspelled "conjuncta"; this was only corrected in 2010.
The butterfly flies from May to August depending on the location.
Unlike carpenter bees, it cannot drill holes in wood.
Mantoida brunneriana is a species of praying mantis inhabiting Bolivia, Brazil, French Guiana, Paraguay, and Venezuela.
This moth is strongly associated with bracken and it is most frequently encountered in habitats where this plant occurs.
Females are not anthropophilic and can be found as well as in mountain creeks from sea level to 4,700 m of altitude.
Lipaphnaeus is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
Epeiromulona is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
The larvae consume the leaves and bracts of the plant.
With a wingspan of about 10–16 cm, it is the largest butterfly in Canada and the United States.
Mesophleps is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
The species is named after Walter Morant, who caught the two complete male specimens.
The length of the forewings is 13–16 mm.
Pseudagrion sudanicum, the blue-sided sprite is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae.
Aslauga is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
Wasps of the tribe Crabronini are mostly small to very small wasps.
The Omaliinae are a subfamily of the Staphylinidae, rove beetles.
The Sumatran chocolate tiger is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae subfamily.
Endotricha flammealis, common name rose-flounced tabby, is aspecies of snout moth of the family Pyralidae.
Ficulea is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
It contains the species Porpodryas prasinantha, which is found in French Guiana.
The jack jumper ant, commonly known as the hopper ant, jumper ant or jumping jack, is a species of venomous ant native to Australia.
The Dark Spectacle is a moth of the family Noctuidae.
Typical coloration for this subfamily of beetles ranges from bright yellow to dark red.
They are filter feeders in many kinds of aquatic media.
They have been linked with the spread of bovine mastitis in North America, and in certain tropical regions, they are capable of vectoring disease-causing bacteria.
As with other members of their Termitidae family, they have lost most of their cellulose-digesting protozoa.
Zintha is a butterfly genus in the family Lycaenidae.
It is a small mantid with short, filliform antennae, large grey eyes.
Orthosia incerta, the clouded drab, is a moth of the family Noctuoidea.
It is found in Côte d'Ivoire, Ghana, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Mali, Nigeria, possibly Ethiopia, and possibly Uganda.
It is threatened by habitat loss due to rapid deforestation in the area due to agriculture and logging.
Blaptica dubia are ovoviviparous, giving birth to live young, and can give birth to 20 to 40 nymphs per month under favorable conditions.
The forewing upperside ground colour is white with no discal spot.
La is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
Ptycholoma lecheana, the Leche's twist moth, is a moth of the Tortricidae family .
They are strong fliers and may even be migratory.
It is endemic to the Indonesian island of Sulawesi.
Euchloron megaera is a moth of the family Sphingidae.
Amphizoa is a genus of aquatic beetles in the suborder Adephaga, placed in its own monogeneric family, Amphizoidae.
Dicranoses is a genus of moth in the family Cecidosidae.
Euplagia quadripunctaria, the Jersey tiger, is a day-flying moth of the family Erebidae.
Artopoetes is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
Atlas moth cocoons have been employed as purses in Taiwan.
Lophocampa caryae, the hickory tussock moth or hickory halisidota, is a moth in the family Arctiidae, widely distributed in the eastern half of North America.
They are generally small to medium-sized dragonflies.
Darantoides is a genus of moths in the family Erebidae.
Tabanus autumnalis, the large marsh horsefly, is a medium-sized species of biting horse-fly.
Trox rudebecki is a beetle of the Family Trogidae.
It was described by the German naturalist Christian Rudolph Wilhelm Wiedemann in 1830.
Caterpillars enter their pupal stage in the fall and overwinter before emerging as adults.
The larvae of the species live in stream banks among moss and rock cavities, as well as in wet sandstone caves.
As in many other cimicids, Afrocimex constrictus reproduce through traumatic insemination.
Heoda is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
The then empty cells give the leaves a bronzed or silvery appearance.
Byblia ilithyia, commonly known as the spotted joker or joker, is a species of nymphalid butterfly found in parts of Africa and Asia.
They are popularly depicted as dirty pests, though the great majority of species are inoffensive and live in a wide range of habitats around the world.
Sphodromantis rudolfae is a species of praying mantis found in Ethiopia, Kenya, Somalia, and Zanzibar.
Pine Beetle- Environmental Doom/stoner metal band Consisting of Shawn Collins, and Adam Mundorf.
These are the first caterpillars known to eat snails.
Dactylotula is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
Cethosia nietneri, the Tamil lacewing, is a species of nymphalid butterfly found in South Asia.
Cephenemyiini is a tribe within the family Oestridae which includes large flies, parasitic on deer and related ungulates.
Gillmeria ochrodactyla is a moth of the family Pterophoroidae.
At least the larvae, but in many cases the adults too, are predators of small arthropods.
It is native to southeastern Africa, where it occurs in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Kenya, Malawi, Mozambique, Tanzania, Zambia, and Zimbabwe.
They appear in folktales, songs such as The Kilkenny Louse House, and novels such as James Joyce's Finnegans Wake.
Hypochrysops byzos, the yellow-spot jewel, is a member of the family Lycaenidae.
The pronotum is narrower than the head.
The lobster moth, also known as lobster prominent, is a moth from the family Notodontidae.The English name refers to the crustacean-like appearance of the caterpillar.
Pilodeudorix is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
Xanthia togata, the pink-barred sallow, is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae.
The division line in middle of wing, dividing dark basal half from ochreous outer half, is slightly oblique.
It is most often found in beach margins and agricultural areas.
E. intricarius is somewhat variable in colour pattern, and some attempts at naming varieties have been tentatively made.
The larva is a little grub-like caterpillar and lives on dry plant and animal debris, where it spins itself a small silken hideout.
Eresiomera is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
Megalopalpus is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
Lethe armandina, the Chinese labyrinth, is a species of Satyrinae butterfly found in western China, Assam and Burma.
Idaea nephelota is a species of moth of the family Geometridae.
Full-grown larvae are 32–35 mm long and light green.
They are small enough to crawl under loose clothing without being noticed.
It was first released as a biocontrol agent for leafy spurge in the United States in the late 1980s.
This family of beetles will occupy almost any kind of niche throughout the world.
Feeding damage can reduce the sale value of crops produced, and in sufficient numbers, kill plants already aggravated by environmental stress.
Chalcothore montgomeryi is a species of damselfly in the family Polythoridae.
The larvae of many species use silk to make protective cases, which are often strengthened with gravel, sand, twigs, bitten-off pieces of plants, or other debris.
This allows them to conceal themselves between the feather shafts and avoid being dislodged during preening or flight.
The species overwinters in the larval stage within a shelter made of a spun web in crevices of barks of their host plant.
A suffused dot is found midway in the disc near the termination of the first line and resting on its upper extremity.
pupating in a cocoon among the roots.
Omiosia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
Its natural habitats are rivers and freshwater springs.
^ a b Warner, R. E. & F. B. Negley.
Orthocladiinae is a subfamily of midges in the non-biting midge family.
Chrysoritis aureus, the Heidelberg copper or golden opal, is a species of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family.
Potanthus chloe Eliot, 1960 - endemic to Malaysia
It produces an ootheca about 1.2 to 1.6 centimeters long containing about 24 eggs on average.
Dascilloidea is a superfamily of polyphagan beetles, comprising two families: Dascillidae and Rhipiceridae.
Ariadne ariadne, the angled castor, is a species of nymphalid butterfly found in Asia.
As a result, the corn variety produces a protein that kills Lepidoptera larvae, in particular, European corn borer.
Most are considered endangered due to the vulnerability of their habitat.
Psylla's adults are long, around 2.5-3 mm, and of ochre or brownish color; the wings are transparent and positioned to sloping roof on the body.
Although the adults of this sawfly species are not often seen the larvae are quite conspicuous as they grow larger, resembling hairy caterpillars.
It is found in northern and western Europe.
As a result, they themselves are poisonous and unpalatable to predators, and are mimicked by other butterflies.
The habitat consists of open forests, forest edges, orchards, plantations, wooded scrubs, suburban gardens and city parks.
Nylanderia fulva, is ongoing in and around Houston, Texas.
Macaria liturata, the tawny-barred angle, is a moth of the family Geometridae.
Both body and legs are covered with longish hairs.
It contains the single species Physetocneme ciliosa, which is found on Ambon Island.
It is slender, and the median vein in the wing is straight.
The border of its southern range is unclear because of the similar looking species Noctua tirrenica.
Outside its native range, it is an invasive species and is highly destructive to ash trees native to northwest Europe and North America.
Its common name is diamond-backed spittle bug.
The larvae feed on Ampelopsis quinquefolia, Vigna and Cissus species.
The lesser yellow underwing is a moth of the family Noctuidae.
It emerged very early during the Early Devonian Period, around 400 million years ago, when Earth’s first terrestrial ecosystems were being formed.
The discal spot is small, black and sharply defined.
The Strongylophthalmyiidae are a small family of about 45 species of slender, long-legged flies, the majority of which occur in the Oriental and Australasian regions.
Their closest relatives are the rolled-winged stoneflies.
Olene mendosa is a species of moth found in India, Taiwan, Borneo and Australia.
Female cuckoo bumblebees aggressively attack host colony members, and sting the host queen, but ignore other animals unless disturbed.
The moth flies from May to mid-August.
Loss of this natural forest habitat is a potential threat to the species, but populations are currently thought to be stable.
The hindwings are pale yellowish white, darker in the outer field.
It is given its common name of rose chafer because it eats the leaves of roses, although it also feeds on many other plants.
The Yellow-headed Anthelid is a species of moth of the family Anthelidae.
It is found in Western and Northern Europe.
Belemniastis is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
Adults are on wing year-round in Costa Rica.
The nymphs feed and molt under spittle and hibernate in the egg stage.
Epicoma melanosticta is a moth of the Thaumetopoeidae family.
Aspidiotus is a genus of armoured scale insects.
The moth flies from April to September depending on the location.
Nyctemera amicus, the senecio moth or magpie moth, is a moth of the family Erebidae.
The genus was synonymized under Temnothorax by Ward et al., but the change was not accepted by Heinze et al.
Hybotidae, the typical dance flies, are a family of true flies.
It is considered a threatened species in the UK and Germany, but not Europe-wide or globally.
Morophaga choragella is a moth of the Tineidae family.
It contains only one species, Parazyxomma flavicans - the Banded Duskdarter.
In this respect, they contrast with blood-sucking species of mosquitoes.
Anthocharis gruneri is a butterfly found mainly in Turkey, Transcaucasian Mountains, Asia Minor and the Armenian highlands.
The genus includes the largest known species of mosquito, and it is among the many kinds of mosquito that do not consume blood.
The common name derives from the tansy plant on which they often feed as both larvae and adults.
Durbania is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
It emerges from the pupa as an adult, a gray fly with black and yellow spots.
Most Anthidium species are leaf-cutting bees who use conifer resin, plant hairs, earth, or a combination of these as material for the nest walls.
The moths fly from March to October depending on the location.
It is used as an agent of biological pest control against the noxious aquatic plant hydrilla.
Pseudosphecosoma is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
Ornithoptera richmondia, the Richmond birdwing, is a species of birdwing butterfly that is endemic to Australia.
It consists of two widespread species, the familiar common swift of Europe and the conifer swift of Canada and the eastern United States.
Pleistodontes froggatti is a species of fig wasp which is native to Australia.
Displacement of large males from the perches is almost always by an even larger male.
Species occur in Africa, Asia and Australia.
It is native to central Africa, where it is widespread.
Nesciothemis nigeriensis Gambles, 1966 - Northern Redtail
Nicrophorus heurni is a burying beetle that lives in Australia and New Guinea.
Catocala elocata, the French red underwing, is a moth of the Erebidae family.
They rarely display any bright colours, usually being mainly grey or brown, with the exception of the Dioptinae subfamily.
The pupa was formed in a slight cocoon amongst the leaves on the ground.
The genus is named from the Ancient Greek for blood-drinker: αἷμα, haîma, blood; πότης, pótës, drinker.
The larvae first feed in small compact groups until molting, after which they scatter throughout the foliage.
Worldwide there are about 638 species in 52 genera.
They are among the only Parasitica whose ovipositors can be used to sting vertebrates.
It is contained in the family Cryptophagidae.
Pediasia fascelinella is a species of moth of the family Crambidae.
It is named after Dr. Sheila Conant, the scientist who discovered it in the 1980s.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, shrub-dominated wetlands, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
A thick oblique blackish streak is found from one-third of the costa to the fold.
Boninagrion is a genus of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae.
The larvae feed on Rubus, Fragaria vesca and Vaccinium species.
It contains the single species Atelophleps tridesma, which is found in Australia.
70 species has been described from this genus:
Aspades is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
It is a monomorphic species, with only one caste of worker, and polygyne, meaning a nest may have more than one queen.
is a race which inhabits Scotland and the North of England.
Boloria frigga, the Frigga fritillary, is a butterfly of the family Nymphalidae with a circumboreal distribution.
They are most diverse in the tropics, and are also common in northern latitudes and high elevations.
Sphodromantis pavonina is a species of praying mantis found in Angola, Cameroon, and the Congo River region.
It is a member of the snow Apollo genus of the swallowtail family,.
Coryphagrion was usually also considered a monotypic family in older treatments; in recent times it is often included in the Pseudostigmatidae of the superfamily Coenagrionoidea.
Fossil sapygids have been found in Upper Eocene Baltic amber.
This may vary in other parts of the range.
The species flies at night and is attracted to light.
The family includes two subfamilies, 368 genera, and over 1,800 species.
The wingspan is 18–22 mm.The ground colour of the forewings is grey or pale greyish-ochreous conspicuously patterned with a characteristic oblique pale median fascia.
The caterpillars feed on oaks, birches, spruces, ragworts and Rubus.
The life-cycle of an individual, however, is more than a year.
Pseudagrion kaffinum is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae.
Chrysomantis royi is a species of praying mantis found in Kenya and Uganda.
Synaphe punctalis is a moth of the family Pyralidae.
Microhyle is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
The most recent review of this species' biology is found in the posthumously published comprehensive study by noted entomologist Howard Ensign Evans.
The genera are sometimes all united in Laemobothrion.
It contains the species Magonympha chrysocosma, which is found in southern India.
They were formerly united in a superfamily Naucoroidea with the Aphelocheiridae and Potamocoridae, but these are now in their own superfamily and the Naucoroidea are monophyletic.
The black arches or nun moth is a small Palaearctic moth.
Cyclogomphus is a genus of dragonfly in the family Gomphidae.
It is endemic to the Dachigam National Park in Jammu and Kashmir, India.
Chrysozephyrus jakamensis, the jakama hairstreak, is a small butterfly found in India that belongs to the lycaenids or blues family.
The genus is widespread and ecologically dominant.
The Nicobar crow is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae subfamily.
Its members are dark colored, nocturnal, and flightless.
The Giraffe Stag-Beetle is the world's largest saw-tooth stag beetle with long and sharp jaws.
Males and females work in pairs to dig burrows beneath animal excrement.
The family is composed of species associated with pine, spruce, or other conifers, known respectively as "pine aphids" or "spruce aphids".
They are small distinctive flies whose larvae are endoparasites of spiders.
Unlike body lice, head lice are not the vectors of any known diseases.
Most species of this genus are found in Africa.
Hellinsia emmelinoida is a moth of the family Pterophoroidea.
This moth flies at night in July and August [1] and is attracted to light and many different flowers.
The hindwings are grey, paler and thinly scaled anteriorly and with the veins and termen darker.
The stigmata are blackish, the plical rather obliquely before the first discal, the second discal larger.
Cypherotylus asperus, the rough fungus beetle, is a species of pleasing fungus beetles.
Manduca empusa is a moth of the family Sphingidae.
This species has a wingspan of 35–45 mm, the female usually noticeably larger than the male.
The reputation for being the most venomous ant is possibly due to the tendency of the toxin to induce anaphylaxis.
Acronicta species are generally known as dagger moths, as most have one or more black dagger-shaped markings on their forewing uppersides.
The dusky hindwings have a neat white border.
It is endemic to tropical and subtropical areas, but is also found in other areas due to its migratory nature.
Polyergus lucidus is a species of slave-making ant in the subfamily Formicinae endemic to the eastern United States.
The larvae feed on Acacia mearnsii and Acacia dealbata.
This beetle is a spurge specialist, preferring cypress spurge in its native range and readily attacking leafy spurge as its first alternate.
Katamenes is a genus of potter wasps with species distributed in Europe and Africa.
Research is now focused on other agents of biocontrol for Scotch broom.
They are commonly collected using pheromone lures.
Amata trigonophora is a moth of the Arctiidae family.
This dragonfly perches motionless on shrubs and dry twigs for long periods.
Nomophila noctuella, the rush veneer, is a species of moth of the family Crambidae.
The highland midge is a species of small flying insect, found across the Palearctic in upland and lowland areas.
About 80% of the described genera of these very tiny beetles are contained herein; however, many more genera and species await description.
Esakiozephyrus bieti, the Indian purple hairstreak, is a small butterfly found in India that belongs to the lycaenids or blues family.
They are endemic to North, Central and South America and there are about 35 known species.
The worker ants will care for the new queen's larvae and slowly the colony will become one of Lasius umbratus.
It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
Passalus elfriedae is a South American Betsy beetle of the Family Passalidae.
high elevations in the mountains of Castile and Andalusia, with the forewing white-yellowish, with less markings and these less distinct,the median band narrowed and more fuscous.
Due to its restricted distribution and threats to its habitat, the ant is "vulnerable" according to the IUCN Red List.
Members of the family are characterised by their absence of an areola postica in their wings, like in the family Peripsocidae.
The only described species is S. trojesa, which is endemic to Mexico.
This gives the genus name and the common name two-spined darners.
Cauchas rufimitrella is a diurnal lepidopteran from the family Adelidae, the fairy long horn moths.
Nicrophorus orbicollis is a nearctic burying beetle first described by Thomas Say in 1825.
Adults males feed on nectar, while adult females feed on protein rich pollen, reflecting the cost of developing eggs.
The caterpillars grow, sometimes very rapidly, and when fully developed, pupate in a chrysalis.
The insect overwinters as a pupa in a cocoon,amongst leaf litter.
The forewings are ochreous-grey irrorated with fuscous, more so towards the costa and termen.
The species can be found in Europe and Asia.
Pseudotajuria is a butterfly genus in the family Lycaenidae.
Anomaloninae is a worldwide subfamily of the parasitic wasp family Ichneumonidae.
It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
Arunta is a genus of cicada in the thophini tribe of the Cicadinae subfamily and is allied to the genus Thopha.
Agonochaetia is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
It was described in 1775 by Michael Denis and Ignaz Schiffermüller and is found in Europe.
Lestes uncifer is a species of damselfly in the family Lestidae, the spreadwings.
Balbura is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family.
It is found in Australia, including Tasmania.
The spined dwarf mantis is a species of praying mantis that is endemic to Italy.
There is even some evidence that the early bumblebee may be able to go through two colony cycles in a year.
It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Malawi, and possibly Uganda.
fieldi, and consider M. antipodum to be a species inquirenda.
Many species have dark markings or black stigmas on their forewings.
It lives mainly in Central America but ranges from Venezuela to California, Arizona, and Texas in the United States.
The larvae feed on Calothamnus validus, Calothamnus homalophyllus and Leptospermum species.
The moth flies from May to August.
The Aculeata are a monophyletic group that includes those species in which the female's ovipositor is modified into a "stinger" to inject venom.
Seirarctia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
It contains the single species Parashada truncata, which is found on the Sula Islands.
It is found in northern and central Europe, North Asia and central Asia to the Pacific Ocean and Japan.
Onychogomphus macrodon is a species of dragonfly in the family Gomphidae.
It is a saproxylic species, often feeding on decomposing wood.
Buprestidae is a family of beetles known as jewel beetles or metallic wood-boring beetles because of their glossy iridescent colors.
Zobida is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
Very high numbers can be seen on individual branches, sometimes extending onto leaves.
Pseudagrion arabicum is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae.
It contains the species Bactropaltis lithosema, which is found in the Central African Republic.
The length of the forewings is 45–50 mm.
It is distributed through northern, central and eastern Europe, east to Siberia and the Russian Far East.
Stereomyrmex is a genus of myrmicine ants.
Bactropaltis is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
The Lesser Swallow Prominent is a moth from the family Notodontidae.
Most species of Liosphex are found from the southern US to Central and South America, with one species, L. trichopleurum, known from the Philippines and Indonesia.
It is known by the common names yellowface and inspector.
It contains only one species, Melisoides lobata, which is found in Cameroon, the Democratic Republic of Congo and Equatorial Guinea.
The wingspan is 27–36 mm for males and 31–40 mm for females.
Atrophaneura luchti is restricted to the mountains in the far east of Java.
Hetaerina rudis is a species of damselfly in family Calopterygidae.
It is found in all of Europe, except the Balkan Peninsula.
13 of the 18 recognized species groups are found south of the Sahara.
Like its congeners, it is sometimes still placed in the genus Celypha.
Many earwig species display maternal care, which is uncommon among insects.
Like all orchid bees, they are restricted to the Neotropics.
Endothermy occurs in several large-bodied South American and South African species, but not in related small-bodied species.
The species has a wingspan of 16–19 mm.
Aglycyderini are a tribe of belids, primitive weevils of the family Belidae.
Dinoponera gigantea is a species of ants belonging to the family Formicidae.
Dickson's copper or Dickson's strandveld copper is a species of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family.
Scopula imitaria, the small blood-vein, is a moth of the family Geometridae.
C. hominivorax is known as the primary screwworm because its larvae produce myiasis and feed on living tissue.
The festoon mainly inhabits thick woodlands, and it is mainly nocturnal, but it will occasionally fly in the sun.
Plebejus hesperica, the Spanish zephyr blue, is a species of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family.
Phyciodes batesii, the tawny crescent, is a butterfly of the family Nymphalidae that occurs in North America.
Amantis fumosa is a species of praying mantis native to India.
The larvae probably feed on Thymus polytrichus.
Mesocnemis tisi Lempert, 1992 - Liberian Riverjack
Nymphalis antiopa, known as the mourning cloak in North America and the Camberwell beauty in Britain, is a large butterfly native to Eurasia and North America.
Their forewings are predominantly blackish, with irregular white mottling and speckling which results in a rough black zig-zag stripe running along the length of the wings.
These wasps have a lek-based mating system.
Nearcha dasyzona is a moth of the family Geometridae.
It is little recorded, and is considered rare and scarce throughout most of its range.
Trithemis aequalis is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae.
They have a small slender body less than 2 mm in length.
It is found in Queensland, New South Wales, the Australian Capital Territory and Victoria.
Trox unistriatus is a beetle of the Family Trogidae.
It is endemic to Lake Wales Ridge, Florida.
It is colloquially called "crazy" because of its erratic movements when disturbed.
Also Armenia, Asia Minor and eastern Siberia.
It is found in subtropical or tropical climates.
Nymphs are aquatic carnivores, feeding on insects, tadpoles and small fish.
"Nyctosia" is also a misspelling of the geometer moth genus Nycterosea, presently included in Orthonama.
It is restricted to the western part of the continent.
The latter has been declining in many European countries, due to habitat loss.
It is a major pest of many crops.
Rhizobius is a genus in the fungi kingdom, as well as an obsolete name for the aphid genus Pemphigus.
It is not known to be arboreal, most specimens have been found in leaf litter.
Potanthus pava - Taiwan, India, Indochina, Malay Peninsula, Philippines, and Sulawesi
This genus, like some related ones, was formerly lumped together as the paraphyletic Catagramma assemblage.
It is not considered to be threatened.
They can travel 5–10 km from their place of birth and feed on mammals and birds.
Often referred to as the "imported cabbageworm" they are a serious pest to cabbage and other mustard family crops.
The queen measures approximately 14 to 16 millimetres in length and is similar in appearance to workers, whereas males are identifiable by their perceptibly smaller mandibles.
Most larvae of this subfamily feed on aphids [1]
There are dung-feeding beetles which belong to other families, such as the Geotrupidae.
Anasa is a genus of leaf-footed bug in the Coreinae subfamily.
Chlorolestes conspicuus Hagen in Selys, 1862 - Conspicuous Malachite
The wingspan is 32–36 mm for males and 36–38 mm for females.
Rhinopalpa polynice, the wizard, is a nymphalid butterfly found in India and South Asia, and is the only species in the genus Rhinopalpa.
Miltochrista is a genus of moth of the Erebidae family, Arctiinae subfamily.
Later, eight additional species from southeastern China and northern Vietnam.
Pieris marginalis is a butterfly found in the Yukon, Western Canada and the Rocky Mountains of North America.
It flies at altitudes of 900 to 2800 meters.
About 95% of the venom's components are water-insoluble piperidine alkaloids, and it is particularly potent on sensitive humans.
The legs are noticeably thickened and curved with very long hairs on the forelegs.
It is found in much of Europe, with subspecies Cymatophorina diluta hartwiegi occurring in Britain.
Somewhat less characteristically, their labial palps have a pointed tip and a furrow on the second segment.
Mirina is genus of moths in the Endromidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
Cycnia tenera, the dogbane tiger moth or delicate cycnia, is a moth in the family Erebidae.
Various tribes were considered within the proposition, with most differentiation coming from genital structure.
Hindwings about as light as the front wings.
Changes in natural fire patterns, introduction of exotic plants, and successional changes in the plant community have reduced the availability of host plants.
The Oblong-Winged katydid is a species of katydid, or bush-cricket, of the family Tettigoniidae.
The forewings are white, with two transverse bands.
Globally, this family is much more prevalent and diverse, with about 2000 different species.
Males and females have different marking on the abdomen; males have square commas on tergites 3 and 4, whereas females have narrow commas.
The dorsal and ventral wing surface is black with several undulating rows of small white spots on the medial forewings and along all outer wing margins.
Others are parasitoids of pest caterpillars and beneficial in forestry and orchards.
The Levuana moth was a species of moth in the family Zygaenidae.
It is a member of the snow Apollo genus of the swallowtail family.
This is preceded, halfway to the base, by an outwardly oblique, shining, steel-grey, metallic, cuneiform costal blotch.
The species is thought to have originated in South America, where its original host may have been the guinea pig or peccary.
Cyanophrys is a genus of butterflies in the Lycaenidae family.
Coreana is a butterfly genus in the family Lycaenidae.
The taxonomic status of this butterfly is uncertain.
E. clarus clarus south Canada, U.S., Mexico
It flies at night from June to September [1] and is attracted to light.
Adults are usually found on the edges of woodland or scrub or along hedgerows where they visit a wide range of flowers.
devil's flower mantis, Egyptian flower mantis, thistle mantis, and Arab mantis are among its common names.
Myrmeleon pictifrons is a species of insects that is known commonly as the ant-lion or doodlebug.
Nicrophorus vestigator is a species of beetles belonging to the family Silphidae.
It is endemic to the United States.
It contains the single species Mahensia seychellarum, which is found on the Seychelles.
The small hive beetle can be a destructive pest of honey bee colonies, causing damage to comb, stored honey and pollen.
It contains the species Thriophora ovulata, which is found in South Africa.
Aquatic hydrophilids are notable for their long maxillary palpi, which are longer than their antennae.
Heptageniids breed mainly in fast-flowing streams, but some species use still waters.
The light brown apple moth is a leafroller moth belonging to the lepidopteran family Tortricidae.
When disturbed on foliage, they roll up and fall to the ground.
It has long skinny legs for escaping from predators and to chase pray.
Eugoa is a genus in the family Erebidae, Arctiinae subfamily.
The caterpillars inhabit rotting wood, which they feed on; they also eat bracket fungi growing on it.
Chrysotoxum cautum is a species of hoverfly.
Eumenogaster is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
The genus contains the following subgenera and species:
It had been included in the Lasiocampoidea superfamily, but a recent study resulted in reincluding the family in the superfamily Bombycoidea.
This does not necessarily kill the plants but it severely reduces their ability to produce seeds and propagate.
In Britain it is only found in southern England.
It is about 45 mm in length with an average wingspan of 74 mm.
It is found in the Eastern part of Australia.
It can be found in Southwest Asia, Northeast Africa, the island of Madagascar, Israel and parts of Southern Europe.
Exapion fuscirostre - Scotch broom seed weevil
Media related to Micandra at Wikimedia Commons  Data related to Micandra at Wikispecies
Nicrophorines are sometimes known as sexton beetles.
The Abraxini are a tribe of geometer moths in the subfamily Ennominae.
The butterfly flies from May to August depending on the location.
Phyllomacromia picta is a species of dragonfly in the family Corduliidae.
Tenera is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
It is one of five species in the genus Cactoblastis that inhabit South America, where many parasitoids and pathogens control the expansion of the moths' population.
Palophagus bunyae Kuschel in Kuschel & May, 1990
It is endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Diastatomma is a genus of dragonfly in the family Gomphidae.
Its natural habitats are dry savanna, moist savanna, subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, subtropical or tropical moist shrubland, and rivers.
Chrysoritis lyncurium, the Tsomo River copper or Tsomo River opal, is a species of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family.
It lays its eggs on the surface of giant sequoia and coast redwood cones, into which the larvae then burrow.
It contains the species Schmidtnielsenia nielseni, which is found in Argentina.
Madoryx pseudothyreus is a moth of the family Sphingidae.
Iaspis is a Neotropical genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
It is found in most of Europe except the far north.
It is established in much of the northeastern United States, where it appears to have the ability to reduce watermilfoil infestations.
Acisoma attenboroughi Mens, Schütte, Stokvis & Dijkstra, 2016 – Attenborough's pintail
Chrysasura is a genus of moth in the family Erebidae.
Manduca huascara is a moth of the family Sphingidae.
The larvae feed on apple, Crataegus and Cotoneaster.
Neonympha mitchellii is an endangered species of nymphalid butterfly of the eastern United States.
The larvae that hatch from them are white, and hairy, feeding on eucalypt leaf litter.
Thyrocopa apatela,, is a species of brachypterous moth from Maui, Hawaii.
Apoica is a genus of eusocial paper wasps found throughout the Central and South American tropics.
Bed bugs have been known as human parasites for thousands of years.
Hippoboscinae is a subfamily of the fly family Hippoboscidae.
Adults are brownish cinereous, the forewings with two aeneous-brown bands, the second slightly abbreviated at each end, except towards its outer border.
Orthetrum angustiventre is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae.
She covers the eggs with masticated plant tissue to protect them from predators.
Epirrita is a genus of geometer moths.
It lays eggs in the leaf epidermis of host plants.
The larva is a dark gray mottled caterpillar with thick pink-tinted legs and a jumping ability.
The plical and second discal stigmata are rather large and dark fuscous.
It is a medium-sized black and yellow dragonfly, endemic to the Sydney Basin, Australia, where its natural habitat is rivers and dams.
Hoplocorypha narocana is a species of praying mantis found in Ethiopia, Kenya, Tanzania, Chad, and Zambia.
Anapatetris is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
Adults are on wing year round in Costa Rica.
Afterwards, the males die and the queens shed their wings to make a new colony.
The adult often has a long, free and spine-like process originating at the scutellum and is thus superficially similar to the Membracidae.
Darantasiella is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
The Buckfast bee is a strain of honey bee.
The other two species are the cosmopolitan Vanessa cardui and the eastern Vanessa virginiensis.
Therefore the identity and nomenclature of M. antipodum and M. fieldi is at present still very unclear.
The type species is Lithosia gilveola Ochsenheimer, 1810.
It is distributed from Mexico and Belize to Brazil and westward into Bolivia.
Adults feed on black mold and other fungi.
The pine beauty is a moth of the family Noctuidae.
The pattern is supposedly reminiscent of some elements of Gothic architecture.
Syncola is a genus of moths in the family Blastobasidae.
Gomphus lucasii is a species of dragonfly in the family Gomphidae.
In the British Isles it is common in England and Wales but is only found in the eastern half of Scotland and is absent from Ireland.
Meyrick's banana hedyleptan moth is a species of moth in the Pyralidae family.
Troides miranda, the Miranda birdwing, is a birdwing butterfly that inhabits Borneo and Sumatra.
Spilomyia sayi is a common species of North American hoverfly.
It is found in Europe, Russia and across the Palearctic to Japan.
It is found in Central Europe, Southern Europe, the Near East and North Africa.
Adults are on wing from May to July.
Neotibicen species are the most common cicada in the Eastern United States.
It was first introduced into the United States in the 1980s to attack this agricultural weed, which is its main foodplant.
At rest it raises both ends as with many drepanids.
There is a blackish dot towards the costa near the base.
Polyptychus is a type of moth in the family Sphingidae.
The species flies at night and is attracted to light.
It is endemic to Australia, more specifically the South-Eastern quarter.
It contains the single species Magnoptera watsoni, which is found in Chile.
The beetle is not known to attack other plants.
The forewings are white, sometimes with a broad brown basal band.
Mischocyttarus is a very large, primarily Neotropical genus of social wasps with a few species found also in the Nearctic region.
Distinguished form other Lasiocampidae by the adapted trait of an expanded humeral cell , and the presence of humeral veins.
In the South of Europe,found only in the central uplands.
The moth flies from March to April depending on the location.
Lomographa temerata, the clouded silver, is a moth of the family Geometridae.
The adults are mature during the early summer, and are found in western North America from British Columbia south to Arizona.
The larvae of this species are notorious tent caterpillars.
Adults have conspicuous eye spots on the hind wings.
The moth flies from June to July depending on the location.
It is here placed in subfamily Dichomeridinae of family Gelechiidae, although it is sometimes treated as junior synonym of Dichomeris.
Many diurnal species also have iridescent scales and multiple tails, which often led them to be mistaken for butterflies.
Strongylognathus insularis is a species of ant in the genus Strongylognathus.
P. a. aaroni Skinner, 1890 – Aaron's skipper
In the case of onions and shallots, the larvae mine down into the bulb.
Most are active at dusk or in the night as adults, and the larvae of many are aquatic, living in rivers.
The Vestal is a moth of the family Geometridae.
L. draudti is also found in Central America south of the Yucatán Peninsula.
They are members of the family of bees known as Halictidae.
It is endemic to the United States.
This leaf-footed bug is one of the two major pests of physic nut plants in Nicaragua.
In the British Isles the adult flight period extends from mid May to early July.
For this reason it was uplisted from vulnerable to endangered status by the International Union for Conservation of Nature in 2014.
It can also be found in agricultural areas, where it lives in irrigation systems.
Bagworm species are found globally, with some, such as the snailcase bagworm, settling continents where they are not native in modern times.
Rhagoletis cerasi is a species of tephritid fruit fly known by the common name cherry fruit fly.
The moth flies in two generations from late March to mid August and from September and October [1].
The nest area is always cleared of vegetation and covered with materials including gravel, pebbles and dead vegetation.
Leptothorax goesswaldi is a species of ant in the genus Leptothorax.
The large white is common throughout Europe, North Africa, Asia even through the Himalayas.
Stigmatoptera is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
Males of Priacma serrata are notable for being strongly attracted to common household bleach.
The distal fascia points in to the discal spot.
The species of this genus are endemic to the Afrotropical realm.
Sphingids are some of the faster flying insects; some are capable of flying at over 5.3 m/s.
It may occur in other nations, including Nigeria.
Cockroaches have appeared in human culture since classical antiquity.
Although they occur in all major regions, they seem to be most varied in the Holarctic region.
Prolita is a genus of moth belonging to the family Gelechiidae.
The taxon is known from only one male and one female.
The damage caused can be fatal to attacking insects.
It occurs in Texas, Mexico, El Salvador, and Costa Rica.
It contains the species Larcophora sophronistis, which is found in India.
Dermestes lardarius, commonly known as the larder beetle, is a species of beetle in the family Dermestidae, the skin beetles.
Paramevania is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
Its natural habitats are rivers and shrub-dominated wetlands.
The ants have a genetic based cue that allow them to identify which other ants are members of their nest and which are foreign individuals.
Ameles dumonti is a species of praying mantis that inhabits Tunisia and Morocco.
They are also commonly known as duskhawkers.
Technomyrmex albipes, commonly known as the white-footed ant, is a species of ant first described in 1861 from Sulawesi, Indonesia by the British entomologist Frederick Smith.
The meadow brown is a butterfly found in the Palearctic realm.
However, the name had already been used for a genus of fish, and was replaced with its current name by Forel.
It is unknown what the natural foodplant is.
There is a row of dark, purplish-brown dots around the apex at the base of the cilia.
The hindwings are dark brownish fuscous with golden yellow tips.
Cordulegaster erronea Selys, 1878 – tiger spiketail
Agrypnus is a genus of click beetle.
Tetrapus pollinates figs in the subgenus Pharmacosycea.
Manduca clarki is a moth of the family Sphingidae.
Journal of the New York Entomological Society.
It contains the single species Patreliura capys, which is found in Guyana, Surinam and Brazil.
The white cedar moth is a moth of the Lymantriidae family.
Cenocoelius is a genus of hymenopteran insects belonging to the family Braconidae.
This species is conspicuous in North America where it may locally be known as the Halloween ladybeetle.
Progona is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
Volucella is a genus of large, broad-bodied, dramatic hover-flies.
In some cases, this causes temporary blindness.
Aloeides egerides, the Red Hill copper, is a species of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family.
Lestes is a genus of damselfly in the family Lestidae.
The hindwings and cilia are brown, with iridescent, bluish, steely grey reflections.
the black markings are reduced, only the antemedian and the postmedian line developed.
Graphocephala coccinea is a meadow and woodland-dwelling species of brightly colored leafhopper native to North and Central America, from Canada south to Panama.
Typical Crabronini prey upon flies and make simple nests, either in the ground or in rotting logs.
The host plants are from the groups: Poaceae, birch, willow, poplar and Vaccinium.
The cereal leaf beetle is a significant crop pest, described by Carl Linnaeus in 1758.
Tigrinota is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
The moths flies from April to August depending on the location.
^ Clausnitzer, V. & Dijkstra, K.-D.B.. "Chlorocypha selysi".
Troides hypolitus is a butterfly from Australasia/Indomalaya ecozone.
It is also known as the cherry ermine.
Nabis mumfordi is a species of damsel bug in the family Nabidae.
Lamasina is a genus of gossamer-winged butterflies; the validity of its name is subject to dispute.
One or two broods are produced each year and the adults can be seen at any time from May to August.
Euchloe ausonides insulana, the island marble, is a subspecies of butterfly found in the San Juan Islands in Washington in the northwest United States.
P. innumerabilis can be found on all species of maples but have a strong preference for Silver Maple.
Pegoscapus is a genus of fig wasp native to the Americas.
Pararguda nasuta, the wattle snout moth, is a species of moth of the family Lasiocampidae.
It is found in Europe and Asia up to the area surrounding the Amur River.
This is one of the most variable species in the world, with an exceptionally wide range of color forms.
Occurs in the region stretching from Portugal to East Siberia, and from northern Greece to the forest-tundra natural zone in the North.
Gelinae was the name used by H. T. Townes in 1969.
The members of the Papilionoidea may be distinguished by the following combination of characters:
Notarthrinus is a butterfly genus in the family Lycaenidae.
Sometimes newly emerged hatched moths have a whitish, yellowish or pink colour.
Ceriagrion kordofanicum is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae.
Haematopota italica Meigen, 1804 – Italian cleg
Delias is considered to have its evolutionary origins in the Australian region.
The same authors named A. vaderi after the fictional Darth Vader.
Hence, the latter are generally oval in outline, rather than having an indentation where the antennae originate, or even being divided by them.
In 1989 it was found for the first time in the continental body of the United States.
This species is commonly known as the Amani flatwing.
Graphium macleayanus, the Macleay's swallowtail, is a butterfly belonging to the family Papilionidae.
The moth flies from June to August depending on the location.
Frumenta is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
Its common names include pole borer and longhorned beetle.
Scoparia ambigualis is a species of moth of the family Crambidae.
Pseudagrion acaciae, the acacia sprite is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae.
Their antennae bear small clubs at the end, which are plumper in males than in females.
Dipetalogaster is routinely infected by the Chagas disease parasite Trypanosoma cruzi.
One or two broods are produced each year and adults can be seen at any time between June and October.
^ Type species: Curculio lineatus Linnaeus, 1758
Subspecies bienerti is paler and browner than related subspecies.
It has never been recorded breeding in the Maltese archipelago.
It is found on Ambon Island, Serang and Saparua in Indonesia.
It contains the species Lanceoptera panochra, which is found in South Africa.
The length of the forewings is 11–13 mm.
Members of this family are small and flattened, and often wingless.
Naarda atrirena is a type of moth in the Noctuidae family.
But in reality, these two lineages of moderately advanced skippers are quite distinct.
Their annual reappearance is due to overlapping generations.
It is found throughout the island because it uses introduced Citrus species as larval food plants.
Hanoisiella is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
The hairy sweep is a moth of the family Psychidae.
Giant water bugs are a popular food in parts of southeast Asia.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Phellopsis porcata is a beetle of the Family Zopheridae.
The larvae feed on Dianthus barbatus and Silene vulgaris.
The holotype is housed in the Muséum national d'histoire naturelle, Paris.
Tomicus piniperda is a bark beetle native throughout Europe, northwestern Africa, and northern Asia.
Compsomantis ceylonica is a species of praying mantis found in Sri Lanka.
Bibasis oedipodea, the branded orange awlet, is a species of hesperid butterfly found in South Asia and Southeast Asia.
Gynacantha bullata is a very widespread species, however deforestation is a threat in parts of its range and the impacts of this needs to be monitored.
Some populations are threatened by habitat degradation caused by climate change.
The larva feeds on the flowers of goldenrod and ragwort.
Most are stout flies, and are nimble flyers, even compared to other hoverfly species.
Pediculus humanus capitis De Geer, 1767 – the head louse
The larvae feed on Calystegia sepium and Convolvulus arvensis.
Spoladea recurvalis, sometimes known by the common name Beet Webworm Moth or Hawaiian Beet Webworm, is a species of moth of the family Crambidae.
The eggs are laid on the leaves of Syzygium spp.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
The family was recently treated by Lonsdale, who redefined the family and its genera, synonymizing all other neotropical tanypezid genera in Neotanypeza.
The Nessus Sphinx is a day-flying moth of the Sphingidae family.
Parasarpa dudu, the white commodore, is a species of nymphalid butterfly found in tropical and subtropical Asia.
Most overwinter as adults, but some species overwinter as eggs or nymphs.
Dolgoma is a genus of moths in the family Erebidae.
It contains the single species Leptopepla procridiformis, which is found from Bolivia and eastern Peru.
Unlike most hepialids, the pattern is rather similar in both sexes although the female is usually rather larger with a wingspan of up to 50 mm.
In about three days the tiny eggs hatch, releasing the small white or yellow-green larvae.
They are very small flies that frequently congregate around the eyes to lap at the fluids.
This beetle consumes foliage of bindweeds, morning glories, and sweet potato.
Numerous subfamilies are recognized, but only some of them are listed below and the precise taxonomy and systematics are likely to change with ongoing research.
Thaumetopoeidae is a small family of moths in the order Lepidoptera.
Forel named it in 1892 to honor Major Thomas Broun, a significant pioneering amateur entomologist in New Zealand, but the name was mistakenly published as "brownii".
The de Prunner's ringlet is a member of the Satyrinae subfamily of the Nymphalidae family.
It lives from Maine south to south Florida; west to North Dakota, Nebraska, New Mexico, and Texas.
Hypophytala is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
They are as brightly marked as the most colorful butterflies; indeed, they bear an uncanny resemblance in shape and coloration to some papilionid butterflies.
It contains the species Euzonomacha subjectella, which is found in Brazil and Peru.
Isturgia limbaria, the frosted yellow, is a moth of the family Geometridae.
Synactias is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
The male is smaller, about half a centimeter wide at the abdomen.
The species of this genus are found in the Afrotropical realm.
They are scavengers and are among the last species to visit and feed on carrion.
They are classified into their own superfamily Neopseustoidea and infraorder Neopseustina.
It is found from western Europe to the Caucasus and Iran.
Eumorsea is a genus of grasshoppers in the family Eumastacidae, the monkey grasshoppers.
The species was first described by Edward Donovan as Papilio acantha in 1805.
Among these, it is mostly placed in the subfamily Dichomeridinae.
Like other bumblebees, Bombus pratorum lives in colonies with queen and worker castes.
They use venom to stun their prey and a complex trail-laying process to lead comrades to food sources.
Host bees for this species include the common eastern bumblebee and the half-black bumblebee.
The meat ant is monomorphic, although there is evidence that certain populations can be polymorphic.
Erpetogomphus heterodon Garrison, 1994 – dashed ringtail
"Orchid floral fragrances and male euglossine bees: methods and advances in the last sesquidecade".
A newly described species, Opamyrma hungvuong, is apparently related to Apomyrma.
The type was not saved, the species has affinity with Coscinia romei De Sagarra, 1924.
It was last seen in 1986 and may well now be extinct.
Plebejus optilete, the cranberry blue, is a butterfly of the family Lycaenidae.
Belemnia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
It is found from Mexico to the Amazon rainforest.
It gets its food mostly from plant leaves, but because of the low population, it does not do significant damage.
These social bees are known for their aggressive defense strategies and vicious behavior when disturbed.
The moth flies in one generation from June to August.
Japan only has the A. a. ryukyuensis subspecies which is native to the Yaeyama Islands, principally Yonaguni, and as such is called the Yonaguni-san.
Parandrinae is a subfamily of the longhorn beetle family.
The fossil record shows that the three Oxycoryninae tribes were well distinct by the mid-Paleogene, about 50 million years ago.
It is white with a light brown head.
They undergo a modest change between immature and adult, without going through a pupal stage.
North American records are either in error or refer to strays.
Morpho aurora, the Aurora morpho, is a Neotropical butterfly found in Bolivia and Peru.
Among the tribe Eumaeini of its subfamily Theclinae, it is usually placed in the group around the genus Atlides.
Odozana is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
The last Xerces blue was seen in 1941 or 1943 on land that is part of Golden Gate National Recreation Area.
It also appears in the 1939 Second edition, and is still present in current versions.
This family includes the former family Chermesidae, or "Chermidae", the name of which was declared invalid by the ICZN in 1955.
Pissodes strobi, known as the white pine weevil or Engelmann spruce weevil, is the primary weevil attacking and destroying white pines.
The Chrysomeloidea are an enormous superfamily of beetles, with tens of thousands of species, mostly in the families Cerambycidae and Chrysomelidae, the leaf beetles.
The adults have satin white forewings, with a black dot near the centre of the wing.
The annotated genome is available at VectorBase.
The mainly day-flying Callidulinae can be distinguished by their resting posture, which is the most butterfly-like, with the wings held closely over the back.
It is found in southern mainland Europe.
The family contains members that date to the lower Cretaceous Period some 110 million years ago.
It is also known as the white-dotted prominent and the tawny prominent.
Ceratophaga vicinella is a species of moth belonging to the family Tineidae.
The adult beetle is light golden brown in color and between 2 millimetres and 4 millimetres long.
Phthersigena timorensis is a species of praying mantis native to Timor.
Its natural habitats are rivers, intermittent rivers, and freshwater springs.
In the East the range extends across the Palearctic to Lake Baikal.In the Alps coryli rises up to 1600 m. asl.
The butterfly has been reassigned by Vane-Wright and de Jong to the genus Burara and is considered by them Burara anadi.
Recorded in Malta in 1957, and every few years since, it is seen through migration in large numbers.
Achaea janata, the castor semi-looper or croton caterpillar, is an erebid moth, the caterpillars of which are termed 'semi-loopers' due to their mode of locomotion.
The micropterous bugs go through four nymphal stages.
The rudimentary wings of the female have the apex acute, the forewing bears 2 approximated dark lines, the intervening space often darkened into a band.
Most species have long oval forewings with very few cross veins but the hindwings are usually very small or even absent.
It is used as an agent of biological pest control against the noxious aquatic plant known as Eurasian watermilfoil.
It is one of the most destructive native insects in the northern spruce and fir forests of the eastern United States and Canada.
The larvae feed on Brassicaceae species, especially Barbarea vulgaris.
Its natural habitats are swamps and freshwater lakes.
Currently, the Crambidae are usually separated from the Pyralidae, but the first four families are now each split off as a distinct superfamily.
It belongs in the subfamily Argiolestinae of the flatwing damselfly family.
Both adults and larvae are aquatic, and are commonly found around plants.
The former species is found primarily in Europe, the latter two are Asian; most uses of the common name refer to the European species.
Their abdominal bands are usually interrupted in the middle.
There are 37 species in three genera, distributed across most of the world, except the polar regions and remote oceanic islands.
Populations can vary greatly between years; one year they may be present in large numbers and the next they may be entirely absent.
The larvae feed on the leaves of Lotus uliginosus and Lotus corniculatus.
Oecophylla workers exhibit a clear bimodal size distribution, with almost no overlap between the size of the minor and major workers.
Dolichopus discifer is a European species of fly in family Dolichopodidae.
Full-grown larvae can be found in May.
Scopula immutata, the lesser cream wave, is a moth of the family Geometridae.
They mine the leaves or bulbs of their host plants.
It is found in Europe, from Fennoscandia to the Pyrenees, Sardinia, Italy and Romania and from Great Britain to the Baltic States and Poland.
Agrotis innominata is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family.
This can cause confusion, especially in Australia and South Africa, where the Mediterranean fruit fly Ceratitis capitata is an economic pest.
Acronictinae is a large subfamily of moths in the family Noctuidae.
It can be found in Europe and North Africa.
The Tortricidae are a family of moths, commonly known as tortrix moths or leafroller moths, in the order Lepidoptera.
The larval host plants are wild gingers species of the genus Asarum.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
Miomantis caffra is a species of praying mantis native to Southern Africa.
These middle-sized, light-brown moths are found in Africa and Southeast Asia.
After three larval instars, a white pre-pupa which immediately forms a hard dark puparium.
There are numerous curved dark fuscous striae, the veins and costa are ochreous-brown.
Stings to humans are very rare, bordering on non-existent.
It is found in Central and South Europe, North Africa, Asia Minor to Transcaspia.
Parapsectris is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
Actias isis is a moth of the family Saturniidae.
The male is smaller and more slender with less distinct markings.
Arhopala birmana, the Burmese bushblue, is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia.
The larvae feed on various grasses, including Leersia virginica, Erianthus species, Muhlenbergia species, bearded shortgrass, Uniola latifolia, bottlebrush grass, and false melic grass.
There are four described species found in Australia and New Guinea.
Neritonaclia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
The larva is ochreous or greenish grey, with dark tubercles; head and thoracic plate black.
The antennae of the males are heavily combed on both sides, those of the females are filiform.
Aethosia is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family.
This species is polygynous, meaning each colony contains many queens, leading to unique caste interactions and colony dynamics.
Chauliodus Bloch & Schneider, 1801 is a genus of viperfish.
It is found in the Palearctic ecozone.
Petalura pulcherrima appears similar to Petalura ingentissima which is larger still and is also found in coastal north-eastern Queensland.
Lambulosia is a genus of moths in the family Erebidae.
The larvae feed on Crataegus, Prunus spinosa, Birch and various fruit bearing trees.
They are sometimes used as food for terrarium animals.
The species has the Phasmid Study Group number PSG9.
Craniophora ligustri, the coronet, is a moth of the family Noctuidae.
It is often to be found nesting in coastal sand dunes and, on Hebridean islands, machair.
A world catalogue of the family Derodontidae.
T. fasciculatum is native to Australia, and feeds on other insects.
Petalura pulcherrima is a species of Australian dragonfly in the family Petaluridae, commonly known as a beautiful petaltail.
At this point they become more separated and roll up the edge of the leaf to create a retreat.
This is a large nocturnal European species which, like most noctuids, is drably coloured to aid concealment during the day.
Symbiotic mites get sheltered into those pockets and are sometimes visible under the cuticle.
The butterfly is found on the Nicobar Islands of India.
It is endemic to Kauai, Oahu, Molokai, Maui, Lanai and Hawaii.
The Odonata form a clade, which has existed since the Triassic.
Orthetrum kristenseni is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae.
National Economic Security and Recovery Act was a set of proposed economic reforms suggested during the 1990s by Harvey Francis Barnard.
Arachnis picta, commonly known as the painted tiger moth, is a moth of the family Erebidae.
Trox sonorae is a beetle of the Family Trogidae.
Most western flower thrips are female and reproduce by arrhenotokous parthenogenesis; i.e.
Mortonagrion ceylonicum Lieftinck, 1971 - Sri Lanka Midget
Pelurga comitata, the dark spinach, is a moth of the family Geometridae.
Polyniphes is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
It contains the following species, all found in the Neotropic ecozone:
They belong to the superfamily Empidoidea and were formerly included in the Empididae as a subfamily.
Sitochroa verticalis is a species of moth of the family Crambidae.
Tapinoma is a genus of ants that belongs to the subfamily Dolichoderinae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, freshwater lakes, intermittent freshwater lakes, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Nannoarctia is a genus of moth in the family Erebidae.
further recent material from New Zealand, collected by J.W.
^ a b Bright, D. E. & P. Bouchard.
Their habitat is lotic-erosional, they are found in all sizes of flowing streams on different types of substrates where there is reduced flow.
It contains the species Diastaltica separabilis, which is found in Guatemala.
Many are highly variable, sometimes producing small, infertile males that superficially resemble females.
The species first strike usually kills its prey.
It is found in Europe, Amur Oblast of Russia and Nova Scotia, Canada.
Icerya purchasi is a scale insect that feeds on more than 50 families of woody plants, most notably on Citrus and Pittosporum.
It is known from a few locations in the deserts of southern California and just across the border in Sonora, Mexico.
Eudonia lacustrata is a species of moth of the family Crambidae.
A few species serve as vectors for over 20 viruses that cause plant disease, especially the Tospoviruses.
Adults feed on new growth and other soft parts, such as leaf petioles and buds.
The wingspan is 30–34 mm for males and 30–38 mm for females.
In older classifications it was placed in the subfamily Xyloryctinae, in the family Oecophoridae.
Wing venation is reduced in both sexes.
Cucujus is a genus of beetles in the family Cucujidae, the flat bark beetles.
There are five dark fuscous costal dots, the first two elongate.
Callimetopus stanleyi Dela Cruz & Adorada, 2012
These butterflies are found in the Neotropic ecozone.
Some other types of related bees produce and store honey, including the stingless honey bees, but only members of the genus Apis are true honey bees.
The species of Epamera are found in the Afrotropic ecozone.
It is the type species of its genus Bupalus, as well as the junior objective synonyms Catograpta, Chleuastes and Phaophyga, and the preoccupied Bupala.
Anthocharis bambusarum is a butterfly which has a range of mainly in China and Eastern Asia.
It is the type species of its genus Niditinea.
The moth flies from July to August depending on the location.
Didimus is a genus of beetles of the family Passalidae.
The slavemaker ants then overrun the colony and then find a new colony to take over.
Lycaena tityrus, the sooty copper, is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family.
Gomphus davidi is a species of dragonfly in the family Gomphidae.
Each female may lay 40 to over 100 eggs in the tissues of the plant, often in the flower, but also in the fruit or foliage.
Didymoctenia exsuperata is a species of moth in the subfamily Ennominae and occurs in Australia.
At two-thirds of the costa, the dusting usually forms two diffuse oblique streaks.
It has an obligate mutualism with Ficus watkinsiana, the fig species it pollinates.
It is native to parts of Asia.
The Somabrachyidae are a family of moths in the order Lepidoptera.
The most familiar species in Europe are perhaps Incurvaria masculella and Phylloporia bistrigella.
Umbonia crassicornis is a common and widespread member of the insect family Membracidae, and one of numerous species colloquially referred to as thorn bugs.
The tribe contains a single living genus, Bombus, the bumblebees, and some extinct genera such as Calyptapis and Oligobombus.
The adults feed on pollen and nectar.
Aenictopecheidae is a rare family of insects occurring worldwide but containing only a few species, including a single American species, Boreostolus americanus.
The larvae are thought to feed on root aphids.
from the end of May to June in Belgium and The Netherlands.
They like to live in silty bottoms, and their gills are specially adapted for such environments.
The larvae of the species feed on hackberries, like Celtis jessoensis, Celtis japonica and Celtis sinensis.
It lives in Australia and is found in Queensland and New South Wales.
Tsetse, sometimes spelled tzetze and also known as tik-tik flies, are large biting flies that inhabit much of tropical Africa.
The two members of this genus are endemic to the Afrotropical realm.
They will then, upon maturation, emerge from their pupal stage as darkling beetles.
Hipparchia fatua, or Freyer's grayling, is a butterfly of the family Nymphalidae.
Aloeides, commonly called coppers, is a genus of butterflies in the Lycaenidae family.
Tenebrioninae are a large subfamily of the darkling beetles, containing, among others, the flour beetles.
Thesprotia fuscipennis, common name grass mantis, is a species of praying mantis found in Brazil.
Many damsel bugs catch and hold prey with their forelegs, similar to mantids.
Less than 30 years later, the species was apparently extinct.
Papilio maroni is a species of butterfly in the family Papilionidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland and rivers.
Species of this genus are vectors in the transmission of sylvan or "jungle" yellow fever which is often carried by monkeys in the forest canopies.
The forewings are more cryptically marked but are generally more attractively marked than in its congenators, variegated in shades of buff and purplish-brown.
The species of this genus are found in the Old World and Australia.
It is usually found resting on the trunks and branches of the larval food plants.
Agdistis bouyeri is a moth of the family Pterophoroidea.
Termites are major detritivores, particularly in the subtropical and tropical regions, and their recycling of wood and plant matter is of considerable ecological importance.
The patent-leather beetle is considered beneficial in its activities to decompose dead wood, and is harmless to humans.
Scydmaeninae are a subfamily of small beetles, commonly called ant-like stone beetles or scydmaenines.
Its constituent families are also undergoing revision presently, and the family list below is only preliminary.
Larvae have also been reared on Ehrharta erecta.
Forestry, development, and a highly-invasive species that it confuses with its host plant are causing this species to decline.
Theorema is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
The moth flies from May to September depending on the location.
Junodia lameyi is a species of praying mantis found in Angola, Côte d'Ivoire, Ghana, Guinea, Cameroon and the Congo River region.
It is only known from a single female collected from Bakau in Gambia in 1978.
It is found in Europe, Morocco, Algeria, Turkey, Israel, Lebanon, Iraq, Iran, central Asia, southern Russia, China and Japan.
They can be identified by their distinctive markings, their occurrence only in colonies, and a characteristic, rapid, side-to-side flight pattern prior to landing.
Eupithecia species form the bulk of the group commonly known as pugs.
The larvae feed on honeysuckle and Galium species.
They are able to capture their prey, which is much larger than themselves, by constructing a platform that acts as a trap for the unsuspecting prey.
It is not resolved whether it is best considered a distinct species, or included in Mycalesis annamitica.
Termites are pale-coloured, soft-bodied eusocial insects that live in colonies whereas cockroaches, are darker-coloured, sclerotinised, segmented insects.
Perlamantis allibertii is a species of praying mantis in the genus Perlamantis.
Argynnis hyperbius, the Indian fritillary, is a butterfly of the nymphalid or brush-footed butterfly family.
It is found throughout Europe and in the Caucasus, Georgia Asian Turkey and Armenia.
The larvae eat the root nodules and the adults eat the leaves.
Garrha ocellifera is a moth of the Oecophoridae family.
Subspecies neobryoniae, closely resembles the Carpathian populations, and is found in the southern parts of the Alps and ssp.
Only a few large museums have a specimen.
Boloria chariclea, the Arctic fritillary or purplish fritillary, is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family.
Nuptial flights take place normally in late July to mid-August in Europe.
Metzneria is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae, described by Philipp Christoph Zeller in 1839.
The apple-and-plum casebearer is a moth of the Coleophoridae family.
It also consumes detritus, cobwebs, bird nests, stored vegetable produce and wallpaper.
All but one of its members are Arctic, sub-Arctic or high-altitude alpine in distribution.
The family has received considerable taxonomic attention in recent years and now consists of 59 species distributed in four genera.
They differ from the related coreids in lacking well-developed scent glands.
Choeradodis columbica, common name Columbian shield mantis, is a species of praying mantis native to Colombia.
Nicrophorus satanas is a burying beetle described by Edmund Reitter in 1893.
The forewings are dark fuscous minutely speckled whitish, darker and blackish-sprinkled towards the costa and termen.
Zerynthia rumina, the Spanish festoon, is a butterfly belonging to the family Papilionidae.
Some are parasitic while others are predators that feed on other insects or small invertebrates.
The elongate twig ant, Pseudomyrmex gracilis, is a large, slender species native to Mexico.
But this overly wide delimitation has since turned out to be paraphyletic.
Uranophora is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
This resembles the similar pattern of the Tingidae of the infraorder Cimicomorpha, and was initially taken to signify a close relationship.
Version 2010.3. International Union for Conservation of Nature.
It is a subspecies of Pyrgus ruralis.
"It is sometimes, though quite unnecessarily, confused with the brightest reddish forms of obeliscata.
The larvae feed on various types of grass.
The species can be found in Europe.
Individual colonies can house tens of thousands of bees.
Adults are on wing from September to December, with a peak in October.
Ctenuchidia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
Farther north, there is one generation per year with adults on wing from June to August.
Calliprora is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
Zellatilla is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
Probably originally native to Asia, the synanthropic brown house moth has been introduced to other regions by human activity and is found almost worldwide today.
They are far less characteristic than their presumed closest living relatives, the Aglycyderini.
Dermestidae are a family of Coleoptera that are commonly referred to as skin beetles.
In North America, they are usually found in the Northeast, and occasionally discovered in the Southwest.
Manduca corumbensis is a moth of the family Sphingidae.
The larvae feed on Artemisia maritima and Achillea millefolium.
The costa is suffused with grey towards the base.
This species lacks the green thorax stripes of the southern hawker.
Diceratobasis macrogaster is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae endemic to Jamaica.
A single egg is laid in each cell: the adult wasp stocks the cell with paralyzed living food for the emerging wasp larva to feed on.
Battus zetides has on the upper surface of both wings a yellowish band, and on the under surface of the hindwing a silver band.
Thiognatha is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
Agriphila selasella is a species of moth of the family Crambidae.
It is a common species throughout Europe and North Asia and Central Asia, South Asia, China, Japan and Korea.
It is found from Eastern Europe, Italy and South-East Europe to Mongolia and North-Western China.
Omorgus asper is a beetle of the family Trogidae.
Similarly, this species is able to use the trade winds to reach the Caribbean and South Americas, where it was caught in suriname, "guadeloupe" and "martinique".
It is found in Angola, Botswana, Cameroon, Ethiopia, Kenya, Malawi, Mozambique, Namibia, Niger, South Africa, Sudan, Tanzania, Uganda, Zambia, and Zimbabwe.
Malgassophlebia is a genus of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae.
Humans have interacted with the Hemiptera for millennia.
Pithecops is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
Iridana is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
The heath fritillary is a butterfly of the family Nymphalidae.
The mature larvae have a black body with yellowish-orange bands and stripes.
This beetle's adults are 5 through 7 millimeters long.
It is found in the northern part of the Palearctic ecozone and the Nearctic ecozone.
The winter moth is a moth of the family Geometridae.
It occurs in the Western United States and British Columbia.
Leptothorax recedens is a species of ant in the family Formicidae.
Thysanura is the now deprecated name of what for over a century was recognised as an order in the class insecta.
Yponomeuta cagnagella, the spindle ermine, is a moth from the family Yponomeutidae, the ermine moths.
It is found in most of Europe, and is present now in the south of France.
Pheidole parasitica is a species of ant in the genus Pheidole.
The ovipositor of the female either extends freely or is retracted, and may be developed into a stinger for both defense and paralyzing prey.
Herona marathus, the pasha is a species of nymphalid butterfly found in India.
Arumecla is a Neotropical genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
It can reach a size from 55 to 65 millimetres.
However, this is not universally accepted and both are included in the present genus here.
They create a trivalved, tubular silken case of about 12 mm long.
Ito established the tribe Ortalotrypetini in his key to genera of Japanese Tephritidae.
It is only known from a single adult male collected from a cold spring-fed stream in the Apalachicola National Forest, Florida.
It is slow-moving and lives among bark and leaf litter at the edges of streams, where its dark color provides camouflage.
It is now established in knapweed populations throughout the western United States, especially in warm, dry areas.
The length of the forewings is 16–22 mm.
Near the coast it occurs in brackish water and inland in fens and raised bogs or aggradation zones of standing waters.
Megalagrion nigrohamatum is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae that is endemic to Hawaii.
Labeninae species are idiobiont endoparasitoids of Coleoptera larvae in plant tissue.
The first ever recorded sighting of the Jersey Mocha on the British mainland was in July, 2003 at Isle of Portland, Dorset.
Melanitis phedima, the dark evening brown, is a species of butterfly found flying at dusk.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical streams and rivers.
It was discovered in 2006 that it frequents sleeping birds at night, and drinks their tears, using a specialized, harpoon-like proboscis.
The larva is green or brown with a yellow stripe down each side and two red humps at the rear end.
Paragylla is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
The larvae feed on dead and decaying leaves.
Arhodia lasiocamparia is a moth of the Geometridae family.
Melanism is quite common in this species.
Disasuridia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
The forewing underside has a submarginal line which runs parallel to the distal margin.
It is regarded as a serious pest species throughout its range.
It is native to the Los Angeles area in California, and it is also found in Mexico.
^ a b c Rosa, S. P.. Second record of bioluminescence in larvae of Xantholinus Dejean from Brazil.
Africallagma elongatum is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae.
Garrha limbata is a moth of the Oecophoridae family.
Dendrolimus pini, the pine-tree lappet, is a moth of the family Lasiocampidae.
Further East, the northernmost permanent presence is found in Hungary are found.
It was previously treated as a synonym of Eilema.
Epargyreus exadeus – broken silverdrop – Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua, Panama, Colombia, Brazil, Argentina, Trinidad
Its natural habitats are dry savanna, subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, freshwater springs, saline lakes, intermittent saline lakes, and saline marshes.
Adults are on the wing from late November to February.
Female flies lay their eggs on dry earth or the earthen floors of huts.
Its natural habitats are intermittent rivers and freshwater springs.
Sciota rhenella is a moth of the family Pyralidae.
Amara coelebs is a species of beetle of the genus Amara in the Carabidae family.
It was accidentally introduced into the United States, with the first specimen being collected in September 1998.
Lokia coryndoni is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae.
The adult drinks juice from rotten fruit with its long proboscis, which is like a sucking tube.
Azuragrion nigridorsum, the black-tailed bluet or sailing bluet, is a species of damselfly in family Coenagrionidae.
It is common in central and southern Europe, migrating northwards every summer, often reaching southern Scandinavia and sometimes southern England.
The Rannoch sprawler is a moth of the family Noctuoidea.
Carcinopodia is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family.
Celastrina lavendularis, the plain hedge blue, is a small butterfly found in Sri Lanka that belongs to the lycaenids or blues family.
The beetle is known to attack the similar plant goldwire in California, but it does not appear to have a destructive impact on this species.
The sexes are dimorphic, the brown of the ground colour and darker markings of the female being somewhat more reddish.
Aedes albopictus is capable of hosting the Zika virus and is considered a potential vector for Zika transmission among humans.
Some specimens are sand-coloured, brown or orange .
Full-grown, they are about 19 mm long.
Staphyliniformia is a large infraorder of beetles.
Amplicincia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
Formerly, when only four tribes of Pyrginae were recognized, the Pyrgini contained the largest number of genera among these.
The genus as recognized by modern systems has about 200 members.
It arises from near the base and, when not expanded, lies in an elongate, sac-like fold along the fore edge of the wing.
Lucanus cervus is the best-known species of stag beetle in Western Europe, and is the eponymous example of the genus.
But they are probably paraphyletic among themselves and with respect to the remaining Hemitheini.
Exhyalanthrax afer, is a member of the fly family Bombyliidae.
Arachnocampa is a genus of five fungus gnat species which have a luminescent larval stage, akin to the larval stage of glowworm beetles.
Long included in the Berothidae, they are usually considered a separate family by current authors.
The Lasiocampinae are a subfamily of the moth family Lasiocampidae.
There are 20 described extant species and two species known from Miocene amber from the Dominican Republic.
In May 2000, the Canadian Species at Risk Act listed the Karner blue as being locally extinct in Canada.
It is found in the Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Kenya, Tanzania, and Uganda.
It is native to eastern Canada and eastern United States.
Many of these robust and usually mid-sized beetles have elytra with some sort of corrugation on the upperside.
Less usual foods include dried-out meat and animal carcasses, specimens in insect collections, and dry wood.
Parazyxomma flavicans, the Banded Duskdarter, is a monophyletic species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae.
Histeroidea is a superfamily of beetles in the infraorder Staphyliniformia.
Compsomantis semirufula is a species of praying mantis found in Malaysia, Sarawak, and the Sunda Islands.
Sphodromantis quinquecallosa is a species of praying mantis found in Africa.
Pale markings on segment four of the abdomen do not extend into the posterior section when viewed from above on Orthetrum sabina.
The length of the forewings is 14–18 mm.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and rivers.
In the Pyrenees, it occurs to a height of 2,400 metres.
Heavy rains, sometimes brought on by El Niño events, provide the conditions for the Nairobi fly to thrive.
They are sometimes treated as a distinct subfamily Amathusiinae or family Amathusiidae.
In 2004 the first record from Sweden was made.
Fifteen of the 31 described species are found in Brazil.
Its natural habitats are rivers and freshwater lakes.
A silverfish is a small, wingless insect in the order Zygentoma.
The adult is a hairy gray moth about 12 millimeters long.
Widow Skimmer is one of the group of dragonflies known as king skimmers.
Their prey is usually killed by biting into the throat, and eating is done at capture.
The picture shows the Bond wasps in their natural habitat.
The larvae are polyphagous, feeding from September to May on nettles and raspberries(Rubus), dandelion, white deadnettle, ground ivy, groundsel, plantain, borage, lettuce, and hemp-agrimony.
Both pairs of the female's wings are dark.
A tiny bark beetle, the coffee berry borer, Hypothenemus hampei is a major pest on coffee plantations around the world.
Many are cryptic greens and browns, and have countershading patterns to conceal them.
Hypagoptera is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
The Photinini are a large tribe of fireflies in the subfamily Lampyrinae.
The genus is monotypic containing the single species Exorbaetta metanira
Members of the family have a free areola postica.
The Corsican swallowtail inhabits mountainous regions at 400–1,500 metres above sea level on the islands of Corsica and Sardinia.
It is found in Australia, including Tasmania.
Owda is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
Istrianis is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
Ceramidia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
The moth flies in two generations from mid-June to November.
Glyptapanteles is a genus of endoparasitoid wasps found in Central and North America and New Zealand.
They create a bivalved composite leaf case of 8–10 mm.
It is found in Northern and Central Europe, Siberia, Korea, China, Asia Minor and Mideast Asia.
Its common names include dorcas copper and cinquefoil copper.
Adults are on wing year round in the tropics.
Aphids are among the most destructive insect pests on cultivated plants in temperate regions.
These workers forage for insects, nectar, and wood for nest construction in temperatures as low as 7 °C.
Larvae can be found in early spring.
The species of this genus are found in the Neotropic ecozone.
Mythicomyiids have until recently not had much attention in the literature.
Adults are on wing from May to December in Costa Rica.
The Volutine stoneyian tabanid fly, Stonemyia volutina was a species of fly in family Tabanidae.
Josiomorphoides is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
It is found in Angola, Botswana, Ethiopia, Kenya, Malawi, Mozambique, Namibia, Somalia, South Africa, Tanzania, Uganda, Zambia, Zimbabwe, and possibly Burundi.
They can be found commonly in lakes all over the world and can be up to 2 cm.
The herald is a moth of the family Noctuidae.
Pyrgomantis simillima is a species of praying mantis found in Tanzania, Transvaal, and Zimbabwe.
Mesopsocidae is a family of Psocoptera belonging to the suborder Psocomorpha.
The pepper weevil feeds and lays eggs on the genus Capsicum and a few species of Solanum.
The butterfly is on the wing from June to August, depending on the location.
Like the majority of the Phasmatodea, they are nocturnal.
Iraota timoleon, the silverstreak blue, is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia.
Osmoderma is a genus of beetle in family Scarabaeidae.
Protocalliphora or bird blowflies are a blow fly genus containing many species which are obligate parasites of birds.
Amathusiini is a tribe of the nymphalid butterfly subfamily Morphinae.
The most consistent characteristic used to separate these two families are internal genitalia differences.
It is a member of the snow Apollo genus of the swallowtail family.
This solitary bee normally gathers pollen from many different flowers, but will pollinate blueberries, and is sometimes used commercially for this purpose.
It is restricted to sunny patches in very damp spruce and pine forests and forested unmanaged peatlands.
It contains the species Syncratomorpha euthetodes, which is found in India.
The Mecoptera were formerly included here too by some authors, but they actually belong to the Mecopteroidea, the endopterygote clade containing also true flies and fleas.
^ The flight season refers to the British Isles.
The adult male is a white moth with a wingspan of about 12 millimeters.
Five specimens have been preserved in the British Museum collection.
Pachnoda sinuata, the garden fruit chafer or brown-and-yellow fruit chafer, is a species of beetle found in Namibia and South Africa.
The Florida woods cockroach, palmetto bug, is a large species of cockroach which typically grows to a length of 30–40 mm.
In zoological nomenclature, the oldest name has a priority over other names.
This insect lives in wadis with bodies of freshwater.
Sidima is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
The larvae feed on various deciduous trees, such as birch and oak.
Like most other emeralds, the downy emerald has bright shiny green eyes.
They are cyclically parthenogenetic insects that induce galls on plants in the family Fagaceae.
The color of this butterfly varies between subspecies.
It is sometimes placed in the genus Chloroclystis.
There are 35 described species, most restricted to South Africa but a few found further north in the continent.
Its range includes Canada and several U.S. states:
Female red flour beetles engage in polyandrous mating behavior in order to increase their fertility assurance.
Ennomos alniaria, the canary-shouldered thorn, is a moth of the family Geometridae.
This butterfly is a fast flier and frequents clearings, paths, and margins of forests and woodlands.
It is found in Australia and is the only member of its genus, Euschemon, and subfamily, Euschemoninae.
There are probably at least two generations per year.
Both insects are distributed throughout the world and regularly imported into the UK in unprocessed cereals, oil cakes, and from grains from other stores.
That was not known in his time however, as the relationships of the butterflies discussed by Nabokov were only resolved in 1993.
Her decision is heavily influenced by environmental conditions.
That is, they look like bees because that helps them avoid bee-wary predators, but they lack stingers.
The Perrin's cave beetle is an extinct freshwater beetle from France.
The oak hook-tip is a moth of the family Drepanidae.
Onychogomphus pilosus is a species of dragonfly in the family Gomphidae.
The forewings are shining ochreous-white, without markings.
They are relatively rare and found only in Taiwan, Indonesia, and the Philippines.
Cephalaeschna klotsi Asahina, 1982 – yellow-spotted dusk-hawker
The moth flies from June to August depending on the location.
Bengalia is a genus of blow flies in the family Calliphoridae with one authority considering the genus to belong to a separate family Bengaliidae.
It has a wingspan of 57–78 mm.
It is largely diurnal, though they occasionally come to light.
Stenobothrus eurasius is a species of insect in the family Acrididae.
It was authored by Hermann Burmeister in 1938.
Dynastinae or rhinoceros beetles are a subfamily of the scarab beetle family.
The populations south of the Golden Gate apparently have been extirpated by urban development.
This bee's job is to mix the animal flesh with a digestive fluid to break it down into an edible substance.
Holochrea is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
Afrogamma is an afrotropical genus of potter wasps.
The Phytalmiinae are a subfamily of tephritid fruit flies.
In a laboratory setting queens were found to live about one year and workers about four months.
Nymphs are found from mid-May until July, adults from the end of June.
The butterfly flies from May to July depending on the location.
The whitish larvae are up to 70 millimetres long and normally feed on dead wood of gymnosperms.
Adult insects are grey to black with four dark longitudinal lines on the thorax, slightly hairy bodies and a single pair of membranous wings.
It is also known from Iran and Georgia.
The moth flies from May to August depending on the location.
The caterpillars feed on a number of deciduous trees.
It is a Holarctic species, the distribution area includes the United States and Canada.
Satyrium abdominalis, the Gerhard's black hairstreak, is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
Condicinae is a subfamily of moths in the family Noctuidae, consisting of four genera, Condica, Ogdoconta, Perigea, and Platysenta.
There is a black spot at the base and a large, elongated black spot from inner margin to vein five.
The larvae have been recorded on Boerhaavia tetrandra and Poriulaca oleracea.
Macaduma is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
Jadera haematoloma is a soapberry bug found in Florida known for its rapid adaptive evolution following the introduction of a non-native soapberry plant.
The hindwings are dark steel gray, lighter toward the base.
Its natural habitats are rivers, freshwater lakes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
This very diverse group of beetles contains 3,900 species found worldwide.
Amerila is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
The moth has a wingspan of 11–20 mm.
M. guanajensis Andersen & Mendes, recorded from Mexico.
Tachydromia is a genus of hybotid flies.
Asaphomyia is a genus of horse fly in the family Tabanidae.
It originated from the area surrounding the Mediterranean Sea, but gradually moved north.
It is found in Eurasia extending from Ireland and Britain to Asia Minor, North Iran, the Altai mountains, Amdo , South East Siberia and Japan.
Scolitantides orion, the chequered blue, belongs to the Lycaenidae family.
Dryadula is a monotypic genus of the butterfly family Nymphalidae.
The moth flies from June to August depending on the location.
The moth's name, bogong, is derived from the Australian Aboriginal Dhudhuroa word bugung, describing the moth.
Euxoa obelisca, the square-spot dart, is a moth of the family Noctuidae.
The European corn borer was first reported in North America in 1917 in Massachusetts, but was probably introduced from Europe several years earlier.
Gonepteryx is a genus of butterfly in the Pieridae family.
Albulina is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
The false garden mantis is one of the most common species of mantis in Australia.
It is found in the London Underground railway system but has a worldwide distribution.
It is found in Botswana, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Gambia, Ghana, Malawi, Mozambique, Namibia, Nigeria, South Africa, Sudan, Uganda, Zambia, and Zimbabwe.
Coleophora alnifoliae is a moth of the Coleophoridae family.
Cupidesthes is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
Xylocopa varipuncta, the valley carpenter bee, is one of three species of carpenter bee found from western New Mexico to southern California.
Maculinea was alternatively considered to be a subgenus of Glaucopsyche.
It is found in the Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Uganda, and Zambia.
Collectively - with 19 other Moneilema species - M. gigas is also known as the Cactus longhorn beetle.
The male also has a yellow head with a central black line.
They occur primarily in the Northern Hemisphere.
Nesiostrymon is a Neotropical genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
The Richardiidae are a family of Diptera in the superfamily Tephritoidea.
Catocala fraxini, the blue underwing, also known as the Clifden nonpareil, is a moth of the Erebidae family.
Pseudagrion guichardi is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae.
It is common across the Palearctic from March until November.
The wingspan is 26–28 mm for males and 27–29 mm for females.
Orthetrum julia, the Julia skimmer is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae.
It contains the single species Paraonagylla zavattarii, which is found in Ethiopia.
Hemaris tityus, the narrow-bordered bee hawk-moth, is a moth of the Sphingidae family which is native to the Palearctic.
It contains the species Scythostola heptagramma, which is found in Indonesia.
Caterpillars of most Acronicta species are unmistakable, with brightly colored hairy spikes, and often feed quite visibly on common foliate trees.
The species overwinters as a young larva within a rolled leaf near an axillary bud.
^ Clausnitzer, V. & Dijkstra, K.-D.B.. "Chlorocypha glauca".
It is endemic to the United States.
They are widespread across the world and can be found over much of North America and Eurasia from April to June.
Reason for this decision is eliminating the confusion with Platyptilia tetradactyla.
B. piniaria is a common species throughout the western Palearctic region, the Near East and North Africa.
The final case is a tubular leaf case of about 6–7 mm.
There are four described species, all found in South America.
The white pupa is approximately the same size and shape as the adult.
All are Neotropical and have long tails on the hindwings.
Adults feed using their beak to tap into the xylem of plants; nymphs feed from the xylem of roots.
Clepsimacha is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
Atelestidae is a family of true flies in the superfamily Empidoidea.
It contains the single species Phylolestes ethelae, the Hispaniolan malachite.
As a whole, the genus is often called wine flies; they prefer fermented foodstuffs to deposit their eggs.
Workers may forage in households, but nest in soil mounds.
The adult flies from July to mid-August and the larvae feed on Sedum and Orostachys.
It can cause significant damage to harvested stored grains and may drastically decrease crop yields.
Tragogomphus guineensis is a species of dragonfly in the family Gomphidae.
A. flava is still the dominant beetle at some Manitoba release sites, but it is relatively scarce in North Dakota and Minnesota.
Currently 18 genera and over 200 species of rhopalids are known.
Lasiocampa trifolii, the grass eggar, is a moth of the family Lasiocampidae.
Exelastis caroli is a moth of the family Pterophoroidea.
Arhopala alesia, the pallid oakblue, is a small butterfly found in India that belongs to the lycaenids or blues family.
This is because the larvae not only feed on the carrion, but also upon fly maggots.
The species is subdivided into multiple subspecies, including Pararge aegeria aegeria, Pararge aegeria tircis, Pararge aegeria oblita, and Pararge aegeria insula.
The larvae feed on Sinapis incana, Raphanus, Sisymbrium polymorphum and Camelina laxa.
Blattodea is an order of insects that contains the cockroaches and the termites.
Ocnerostoma piniariella is a moth of the family Yponomeutidae.
The Queensland fruit fly is a species of tephritid fruit fly native to Australia.
Adults are on wing from November to December.
Pedro Wygodzinsky wrote the most recent revision of this group.
Hylaeonympha is a genus of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae.
Sceliphron is a genus of Hymenoptera of the Sphecidae family of wasps, commonly referred to as mud daubers.
The Quebec Emerald is a species of dragonfly in the family Corduliidae.
The hindwings are ochreous-orange, somewhat paler posteriorly.
However this is a variable species and darker forms exist, including examples of industrial melanism which are prevalent in some towns and cities.
This behaviour is a source of one of their alternate names, scuttle fly.
Ocha is a genus of moth in the family Lasiocampidae.
The moths fly from March to September depending on the location.
Pseudomyrina is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
There are undefined marginal dots of blackish irroration around the posterior part of the costa and termen.
They are called "Cyclorrhapha" with reference to the circular aperture through which the adult escapes the puparium.
The length of the forewings is 14–17 mm.
Mesocnemis singularis Karsch, 1891 - Common Riverjack, Savanna Brook-damsel, Savanna Stream-damsel
The median band is uninterrupted, or only very narrowly interrupted and the smoky dark bordering is usually intensified.
The lovegrass noctuid moth was a species of moth in the Noctuidae family.
E. clavicornis tenda Evans, 1955 Mexico, Colombia
Regal fritillary larvae are approximately 0.08 inches long after they hatch and reach a length of approximately 1.75 inches when fully developed.
Eggs are oviposited on rotten wood where larvae hatch and burrow to feed on rotten wood.
Paralucia spinifera, commonly known as the Bathurst copper or purple copper, is a species of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family.
Monomorium antarcticum is an ant of the family Formicidae, endemic to New Zealand.
Much of this habitat is threatened by processes such as eutrophication and groundwater depletion due to irrigation.
Athous haemorrhoidalis is a species of European and Asian click beetles in the genus Athous.
It is often found along fast-flowing waters where it is most at home.
This species is often found in sphagnum bogs surrounded by jack pine trees.
^ The flight season refers to the British Isles.
All but one of the described species are known from fewer than 10 specimens.
Younger members of a wasp colony tend to be targeted, although X. vesparum displays parasitic behavior in all stages of this host.
Myrmica winterae is a species of ant in the genus Myrmica.
The adult feeds on nectar, the larva eat willow and poplar leaves.
Metanarsia is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
They are so named because they hunt cicadas and provision their nests with them.
A second species with the same name was described by Hampson in 1910 from Zambia.
Third and later instar larvae feed on the brood of Camponotus niveosetus ants.
Some misplaced genera have been moved between the subfamilies, and as it seems the Cossulinae at least now represent a monophyletic group.
Their small size has caused them to be missed when collecting.
The adult flies from May to July [1] and is attracted to light, sometimes strongly so.
It is found in Europe, Russia and east across the Palearctic to Japan.
This species ranges throughout Central Europe from the mountains of south Italy to north Germany.
Nicrophorus nigrita is a burying beetle described by Mannerheim in 1843.
The larvae web together the upper leaves of the hostplant and feed upon them before they become expanded.
Like the other members of the infra-order Epipsocetae, they have a labrum with two sclerotized ridges.
The closest living relative is the genus Zerene, which is sometimes included in Colias.
They are also occasionally considered to be the distinct family Rhachiberothidae or included as a subfamily in the mantidflies.
It has a scattered distribution in England and Wales, but is absent from Scotland and Ireland.
Colony activities are organized by complex communication between individuals, through both odors and the dance language.
The purple thorn is a moth of the family Geometridae.
Colophon berrisfordi is a species of beetle in family Lucanidae.
Archiearis notha, the light orange underwing, is a moth of the family Geometridae.
The Golden Clearwing is a moth of the family Sesiidae.
It is native to much of central Africa.
It is found in South East Asia.
Myopsocidae is a family of Psocoptera belonging to the infraorder Psocetae.
It includes several species notorious for destroying trees in the forests of North America.
The larvae spin silken tubes under bark or in dead logs.
The adult fly is light greenish brown with brown-banded wings and iridescent green eyes.
It lives in rainforests, occupying streamside habitat.
All of the subspecies belong to the 'M' lineage of Apis mellifera.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
It contains the species Karwandania chimabacchella, which is found in Iran.
They are large, predatory and nocturnal insects.
It is rarely seen on open areas.
Pseudolynchia are genus of biting flies in the family of louse flies, Hippoboscidae.
It was traditionally called Chliaria kina but the genus Chliaria is merged into Hypolycaena by many recent authors.
Amara blanchardi is a species of beetle of the genus Amara in the Carabidae family.
It has been found all the way from Maine in the United States through Central America and south to Argentina and Uruguay in South America.
You can make the damp places in your house dry.
The Paiute people in California's Owens Valley and Mono Lake areas harvest, prepare, and store the larvae as a preferred food.
Parascepsis is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
The dots are fuscous, with the plical before the first discal and the first discal before the middle, the second discal before two-thirds.
When disturbed, adults produce a squeaking sound by rubbing their wings on the abdomen.
The Coenosiinae are a subfamily of true flies, belonging to the family Muscidae.
Its wingspan measures 95 mm and its body is 30 mm long.
Leptomyrmex, or spider ants, is a genus of ants and a distinctive member of the ant subfamily Dolichoderinae.
The moths can occur in huge numbers when migrating within the country.
The length of the forewings is 20–23 mm.
The adults feed on the developing seed of Poa trivialis and smooth meadow grass Poa pratensis.
Some common temperate species include the black and yellow mud dauber and Sceliphron curvatum.
The winged ants fly off to mate and invade new colonies.
This species flies in sunshine, and will also bask on stones or tree trunks.
Papilio maraho is a species of butterfly in the family Papilionidae.
They are an ecologically and morphologically diverse group of beetles, and commonly encountered in terrestrial ecosystems.
Zenodochium is a genus of moth in the Blastobasidae family.
Paropsis is a genus of Chrysomelidae, commonly referred to as tortoise beetles, which includes over 70 described species.
Tecia is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
This butterfly shows gregarious migratory behaviour in southern India.
Scoparia basistrigalis is a species of moth of the family Crambidae.
Coleophora coracipennella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family.
Sphodromantis centralis, common name African mantis or Central African mantis, is a species of praying mantis from Africa.
The moth has a wingspan from 22–28 millimetres.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and shrub-dominated wetlands.
The reduced mouthparts suggest this species does not feed as an adult.
Acartophthalmus is a genus of flies, one of only genera in the family Acartophthalmidae.
^ The flight season refers to the British Isles.
The Psilocladinae on the other hand seem to be a de facto junior synonym of the tribe Photinini, but this requires further study.
The head and thorax are also often very dark with contrasting silver- haired stripes and spots.
It is used as an agent of biological pest control against noxious knapweeds, particularly spotted knapweed, squarrose knapweed, and diffuse knapweed.
The larvae feed on Grevillea, Banksia and Hakea species.
Zicrona caerulea, common name Blue Shieldbug, is a species of bugs belonging to the Pentatomidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
Many of the solitary wasps are parasitoidal, meaning that they raise their young by laying eggs on or in other insects.
It is an obligate egg predator and nidus kleptoparasite of some beetles in the family Attelabidae.
More commonly referred to as Bond wasps.
They are generally green or blue, especially the head and thorax.
The hindwings are dark fuscous, with the basal half rather lighter.
Callopepla is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
Trithemis hartwigi Pinhey, 1970 – superb dropwing
The male has orange-brown forewings with a paler yellowish band and a row of dots along the termen which gives it its common name.
Cordulegaster trinacriae Waterston, 1976 – Italian goldenring
Tetrathemis ruwensoriensis is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae.
Aphaenogaster bidentatus is a species of ant in the family Formicidae.
It is found in Australia, where it has been recorded from Queensland, the Australian Capital Territory, Victoria and Tasmania.
It is found in Southern Europe and Morocco.
Similar behaviour has been observed in fertilised females of the North-American moth Utetheisa ornatrix.
It is found in Northern Europe and Central Europe.
It contains the species Anomoxena spinigera, which is found in Colombia.
The breadth of its wings is 25–27 mm.
Argynnis laodice, Pallas' fritillary, is a butterfly of the family Nymphalidae.
They are therefore clumsy in water, and prefer to get around by crawling.
The male has long wings, which cover two-thirds of the abdomen and are brown in color, and has a narrower body.
The curve is posteriorly well-defined and margined by a whitish-ochreous line except towards the costa.
It is a close relative of the small white, Pieris rapae.
An obscure whitish-ochreous suffusion is found beyond this on the lower half.
They have also been recorded on Catha edulis.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, where it is threatened by deforestation.
The family Axymyiidae has recently been removed from the Bibionomorpha to its own infraorder Axymyiomorpha.
It lives in sun-exposed Pinus forest, and is threatened with extinction by logging.
They are small inconspicuous moths with pointed wings.
In many cases the weevil has cleared salvina infestations by 90% or more in under one year.
Naarda notata is a type of moth in the Noctuidae family.
They ate one surface and mesophyll of the leaf, leaving the other epidermis.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
Substitution plants are also Rhus cotinus, Eucalyptus gunnii, Pistacia terebinthus, Pistacia lentiscus, Rhus copallina, Rhus laurina, Rhus toxicodendron, Rhus typhina, Schinus molle, Schinus terebinthifolius, Mimosa sp.
They are rare examples of stinging ants.
Many aphids are capable of parthenogenesis, producing young from unfertilised eggs; this helps them to reproduce extremely rapidly in favourable conditions.
There are two distinct blackish spots near the front edge of the wing and one on the inner edge.
It contains the single species Schalodeta fasciolata, which is found in Papua New Guinea.
Coenagrion australocaspicum is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae.
They use trapped air in their physical gill to convert water-borne sounds into airborne sounds that they can hear.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, subtropical or tropical moist shrubland, and rivers.
Although the louse cannot jump, it can also live in other areas of the body that are covered with coarse hair, such as the eyelashes.
They have been reported from 11 states, including Alabama, California, Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, and Texas.
Nicrophorus humator is a burying beetle described by Gleditsch in 1767.
Adults range in length from 7 to 9 mm and possess a brownish-red color.
Pseudochazara euxina is a species of butterfly in the Nymphalidae family.
The larvae feed on Aster tripolium, Goldenrod, and other Aster species.
It is of the genus Haematobia which is the European genus of bloodsucking flies.
The grub burrows down to turn into a pupa once it is fully fed after 3–4 months of aggressive feeding.
The larvae of the Pandora moth feed on the foliage of several species of pine trees, including the lodgepole, Jeffrey, and ponderosa pines.
Leptaulax bicolor is a beetle of the Family Passalidae.
The study of bees including honey bees is known as melittology.
Dudgeonea is a small genus of moths and the only genus of its family, the Dudgeoneidae.
Siculifer is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
Chitoria sordida, the sordid emperor, is a species of nymphalid butterfly found in tropical Asia.
Corethrella is a genus of midges that are classified in the family Corethrellidae.
These earthworms are typically located in well-drained, silt-loam soil with grass cover.
Lethe rohria, the common treebrown, is a species of satyrine butterfly found in Asia.
Adults have been recorded in February and from April to October in Costa Rica and in November in Brazil.
The larvae feed on Celtis spp., Trema spp., Chaetachme aristata, Ficus ingens.
Pupation takes place outside of the mine.
It is light brown at first, but darker later.
This species occurs in open freshwater habitat types such as pools and slow-running streams.
Capila penicillatum, the fringed dawnfly, is a species of hesperid butterfly found in India and Southeast Asia.
Coconympha is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
Epigomphus maya is a species of dragonfly in the family Gomphidae.
Anomala binotata is a species of scarab.
Mantoida nitida is a species of praying mantis in the Mantoididae family.
The larvae feed on Allocasuarina litoralis, Allocasuarina verticillata, Casuarina cunninghamiana, Casuarina glauca and Casuarina equisetifolia.
The face is orange-red and it has greenish post-ocular spots.
The genus is small, comprising a dozen or two described species, and current evidence suggests that it is paraphyletic as well.
It was endemic to the United States.
Diplacodes lefebvrii is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae known commonly as the black percher.
Oedematopus is a genus of fly in family Dolichopodidae.
Africallagma subtile is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae.
The name death's-head hawkmoth refers to any one of the three moth species of the genus Acherontia.
Hapalonoma is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
This is a quite large and heavy moth with a wingspan of 50–60 mm.
There are 2 tribes and 39 genera.
Their diversity is the result of an adaptive radiation on these plants, whose cyanide-based defenses the bugs have overcome.
The range of this species is from Northern South America all the way to Mexico and Florida.
It contains only one species, Caribarctia cardinalis, which can be found in the Dominican Republic.
Some flesh fly larvae are internal parasites of other insects such as Orthoptera, and some, in particular the Miltogramminae, are kleptoparasites of solitary Hymenoptera.
The larvae feed on Betula nigra, Betula populifolia and Prunus virginiaca.
The length of the bee is 11–14 mm.
It is thought to be endemic to Algeria, but its range may extend into Tunisia, Morocco, and France.
Platerodrilus is a genus of beetles of the family Lycidae.
Second generation moths are much smaller and slightly lighter coloured than those of the first.Very similar to Watsonalla cultraria which also has a yellowish-brown colour.
The larva is green with yellow, white, or greenish stripes.
Xylocleptes bispinus is a snout beetle from the subfamily of Scolytinae.
...the first phylogenetic hypothesis for the 13 Southern Hemisphere genera of Simuliidae is proposed, through a cladistic approach.
Larvae feed on submerged portions of aquatic plants, such as water lilies, and breathe oxygen from plant vessels.
It shares its genus with at least five other species in the United States, with a few more found in Mexico.
Bisigna procerella is a moth of the Oecophoridae family.
It is a highly variable species with many different forms.
The larvae feed on Oak, Willow, Populus tremula, Fraxinus excelsior, Acer campestre, Humulus lupulus and Honeysuckle.
It takes around one or two months for an individual egg to develop into an adult.
This short-winged grasshopper does not sing or fly.
The larvae feed on Sorbus aucuparia and Sorbus aria.
Agriphila tristella is a species of moth of the family Crambidae.
These bees can be seen aggregating together and nests in preexisting hollows, choosing not to excavate their own.
The forewings are ochreous-white, the dorsal area thinly speckled dark fuscous with a broad irregular black median stripe from the base to near the apex.
Many other insect species act as parasitoids, attacking the pest beetle.
The length of the forewings is about 44 mm.
It is found in Angola, Cameroon, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Equatorial Guinea, Guinea, Togo, Uganda, and Zambia.
Hydroptila apalachicola is a species of microcaddisfly.
The moth flies from May to August depending on the location.
It is distributed through the south-east of Australia, from southern Queensland to South Australia, as well as Tasmania.
Lepidochrysops quickelbergei, the Quickelberge's blue, is a species of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family.
Members of the tribe Proconiini of the subfamily Cicadellinae are commonly known as sharpshooters.
The sawtoothed grain beetle can survive in unheated warehouses in the UK, and is considered the most important pest of home grown grain in the UK.
The adults fly in one generation in July.
Antodynerus is an afrotropical and indomalayan genus of potter wasps.
Libytheana is a genus of nymphalid butterflies in the snout butterfly subfamily Libytheinae.
It is an introduced species in North America.
The butterfly is the type species of the genus Orachrysops, and is red listed as critically endangered.
Ostrinotes is a Neotropical genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
The migratory locust is the most widespread locust species, and the only species in the genus Locusta.
Omorgus punctatus is a beetle of the family Trogidae.
A number of predators eat these ants, including the short-beaked echidna, numerous species of birds, blindsnakes and spiders.
Pseudagrion massaicum is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae.
These scales rub off easily, and old individuals are often partially devoid of them, showing the shining black elytra.
Grylloblatta chirurgica is a species of insect in family Grylloblattidae.
Horaga moulmeina, the yellow onyx, is a subspecies of Horaga syrinx, a small lycaenid or hairstreak butterfly found in Asia.
There have been many attempts to divide it into smaller genera, most notably by René Jeannel in 1941 and by G.G.
The aphids can be blasted off with a jet of water or can be controlled with any insecticides labeled for aphids.
The moth flies from June to July depending on the location.
This species has historically been collected on the islands of Kauaʻi, Oʻahu, Molokaʻi, and Hawaiʻi.
It is occasionally known by several common names including oak lantern, long-horned flat-body, and oak-skeletonizer moth.
A familiar moth to many, it is considered one of the most common of the European region.
This may vary in other parts of the range.
It is also established on most Polynesian islands, where it occurs in a variety of island forms.
Harpegnathos venator is a species of ant found in South and Southeast Asia.
Paraphlebia zoe Hagen, 18611 - Zoe Waterfall Damsel
Stugeta is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
Passalus jansoni is a beetle of the Family Passalidae.
Recently, the species was recorded from British Columbia.
Larentiinae moths contain roughly 5,800 species and occur mostly in the temperate regions of the world.
The bee subfamily Panurginae is a diverse lineage of 33 genera in 7 tribes.
Crambidia is a genus of moth in the family Erebidae.
It is endemic to the United States.
Bibasis harisa, the orange awlet, is a species of hesperid found in Asia.
Ecpyrrhorrhoe rubiginalis is a species of moth of the family Crambidae.
^ Airy-Shaw, H.K.. "Unusual habitat for Lonchoptera larvae?".
Most cicadas are cryptic, singing at night to avoid predators.
Osmia ribifloris, one of several species referred to as a blueberry bee, is a megachilid bee native to the coastal mountains of southern California.
The 6-cm-long fossil has a body identical in shape to fossil leaves recovered from the same stratum.
The larvae feed on dead leaves of Eucalyptus species.
The forewings are light fuscous irrorated with dark fuscous.
Version 2010.3. International Union for Conservation of Nature.
It was endemic to the United States.
Crematogaster ashmeadi, commonly known as the acrobat ant, is an arboreal ant widespread in the Southeastern United States.
They bore in the stem of their host plant, tying cut leaves with silk to the bore entrance.
Gnathothlibus erotus is a moth of the family Sphingidae.
It is native to Connecticut, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, and Vermont; it is now extirpated from the latter two states.
The length of the forewings is 12–15 mm.
A water penny larvae's shell are oval-shaped to almost circular and is commonly a copper color, which explains the name, 'water penny.'
Strongylognathus arnoldii is a species of ant in the genus Strongylognathus.
Strays have been recorded from Arkansas, north to Illinois, Michigan and New York.
Ochlerotatus cantator was formerly known as Aedes cantator.
Anomologa is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
Ilybius is a large genus of predatory aquatic beetles in the family Dytiscidae.
They differ from most other longhorn beetles in that the antennae are not directly adjacent to the compound eyes.
Vadebra lankana, the Malabar flash, is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia.
Aphelia paleana, the timothy tortrix , is a moth of the family Tortricidae.
The beetles are most active at night and are attracted by the lights of dwelling.
Young beetles are brownish in color, older ones are black.
Eulithis populata, the northern spinach, is a moth of the genus Eulithis in the family Geometridae.
Pyrrhosoma is a genus of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae.
Electrostrymon is a genus of Neotropical butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
Their labial palps have a pointed tip and the second segment is unornamented.
Anthophila fabriciana, also known as the common nettle-tap, is a moth of the family Choreutidae.
Bryantia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
The azure hawker is one of the smaller species of hawker dragonflies,.
Pseudopogonogaster mirabilis is a species of praying mantis native to Colombia and Ecuador.
Sphingids have been much studied for their flying ability, especially their ability to move rapidly from side to side while hovering, called 'swing-hovering' or 'side-slipping'.
It is found in the Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and Uganda.
It contains the species Arotromima politica, which is found in Guyana.
Type: National Museum of Natural History, Smithsonian Institution, Washington DC.
This bee occurs in tundra habitat and in alpine climates on mountains.
Caligo atreus, the yellow-edged giant owl, is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family.
For example, the New Zealand Giant Stick Insect is huge, and all Acanthoxyla are females reproducing by parthenogenesis.
Naarda ivelona is a species of moth in the family Noctuidae from Madagascar.
The term lygus bug is used for any member of genus Lygus.
The forewings are rusty brown, with two dark dots near the middle and shading to orange then red at the margins.
Thestor pringlei, the Pringle's skolly, is a species of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family.
Many orders of insect have been theorized to be closely related to earwigs, though the icebugs of Grylloblattaria are most likely.
That subfamily was formerly set apart as a separate family, the Heliconiidae.
Paragomphus is a genus of dragonfly in the family Gomphidae.
They are excellent climbers and can scale smooth glass.
It lives in rainforests along the coast of Queensland and the Northern Territory.
Meliponines are not the only type of "stingless" bee; all male bees and many female bees of several other families, such as Andrenidae, also cannot sting.
Palaeozana is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
It is now established in much of the northwestern United States, especially in mountainous areas, and in Australia.
Leptotes pirithous, the Lang's short-tailed blue or common zebra blue, is a butterfly of the family Lycaenidae.
It was formerly known under the scientific name Atteva punctella.
The hindwings are fuscous, more whitish-fuscous and ochreous-tinged anteriorly, the hindmargin darker.
The length of the forewings is 11–13 mm.
Alternatively, it is called lepelepe-o-Hina – roughly, "Hina's fringewing" – which is today also used for the introduced monarch butterfly.
The butterflies fed on vegetation belonging to the genus Lotus and Lupinus.
The moth has a wingspan of 40 to 56 mm.
As usual for their subfamily, they are poisonous due to feeding on milkweeds and other toxic plants as caterpillars.
The underside of both wings is slightly pinkish.
It derives its name from an extended neck much like that of the common giraffe.
The Phaudidae are a family of insects in the Lepidoptera order.
Bilobata is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
These fleas usually parasitize terrestrial mammals, and in a few cases birds and bats.
Some authors consider some species to be in the genus Ceylonosticta.
Arrade is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
Manduca extrema is a moth of the family Sphingidae.
It is known from a small number of areas.
Abraxas grossulariata is a moth of the family Geometridae, native to the Palaearctic ecozone and North America.
It is a parasitoid of Rhagoletis pomonella, the apple maggot.
Based upon the identification distinction of Ciulfina species through male genital morphology, an entomologist at Macquarie University suggests there may be more than fifteen Ciulfina species.
The larvae feed on Crataegus, apple, Prunus cerasus, Prunus spinosa, Pyrus communis, Sorbus and Cotoneaster.
Xoridinae are a worldwide subfamily of the parasitic wasp family Ichneumonidae.
Sawflies go through a complete metamorphosis with four distinct life stages – egg, larva, pupa and adult.
The autumn ringlet is a member of the Satyridae subfamily of the Nymphalidae family.
These brightly coloured, day-flying moths are native to the West Palearctic.
Its range extends from southern North America to central South America.
Its legs have black and white bands.
Equipped with a tough, shining cuticle, Messor spp.
They occur throughout the New World from extreme southern Canada to Chile.
In addition, it is found in Greenland and Iceland.
There is a tendency to light yellowish hues and either little or a quite bold pattern, making some species rather conspicuous.
This behavior resembles that of the unrelated Adetomyrma, also called Dracula ants, which pierce their larvae to obtain body fluids.
These mantids have been observed eating the larvae of monarch butterflies, while discarding the entrails.
Trichembola is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
A fossil dating around 10,500 years was described in 1962 by Pearson.
There is a rather large dark fuscous dot towards the costa at one-third.
In the spring of 2005, this species was discovered in three greenhouses in southern Ontario, Canada.
They can range in size from 1 to 12 mm.
Chalybs is a Neotropical genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
The host plants are comfrey, forget-me-not and lungwort.
A member of the genus Camponotus in the subfamily Formicinae, it was described by German entomologist Wilhelm Ferdinand Erichson in 1842.
Urania sloanus was a moth of the Uraniidae family endemic to Jamaica.
The discal stigmata are irregular and light ferruginous-brown, with two or three blackish scales.
It was described by Hübner in 1818.
These soon hatch into legless white maggots which after 2 to 5 days of development transform into reddish-brown pupae, about 8 mm long.
The common name "skin beetle" is sometimes used in reference to these beetles, but more often refers to species of the Dermestidae.
Whitetail females can be distinguished by their smaller size, shorter bodies, and white zigzag abdominal stripes; the abdominal stripes of L. puchella are straight and yellow.
The family Saturniidae, commonly known as saturniids, by most measures include the largest species of moths.
Among these are the Dryptinae, Lebiinae, Licininae, Orthogoniinae, Panagaeinae, Platyninae, Pseudomorphinae, Pterostichinae.
The flight period is May and June.
It was described by Paul Dognin in 1907, and the type species is Ardonissa adscitina, which is found in Peru.
The species flies at night and is attracted to light.
They also reported that Gigantodax species in this area are also sympatric with Simulium.
These wasps are truly nocturnal, carrying out their foraging activities after the setting of the sun.
Thesprotia subhyalina, common name grass mantis, is a species of praying mantis found in Brazil.
For other butterflies named tortoiseshells, see the genus, Aglais.
It is often considered a subspecies of Chrysoritis turneri.
In the Nearctic ecozone, it is common in Alaska, Canada and Greenland.
An infestation of this species, or a related species named
It contains the single species Alandria coeruleipuncta, which is found in Bolivia.
The adult bugs are highly resistant to pesticides; however, they are vulnerable in their bright orange nymph stage.
Satyrium ilicis, the ilex hairstreak, is a butterfly of the family Lycaenidae.
It is known from most of Africa and Yemen.
The name bed bug derives from the preferred habitat of Cimex lectularius: warm houses and especially near or inside beds and bedding or other sleep areas.
Lexias pardalis, the common archduke, is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family.
This allows for regulation of the size of the air bubbles and their concentration of oxygen.
Ceriagrion glabrum is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae.
It is endemic to the United States.
It is found from North Africa, through the western Mediterranean, Great Britain and central Europe to Ukraine.
The species was described as the type species of Adetomyrma in 1994, with the genus being an atypical member of its tribe.
The large birch bright is a small nocturnal moth from the bagworm moth family.
Agromyza is a genus of flies belonging to the family Agromyzidae.
It is found in Hungary and Romania.
Proteodoxa is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
T. lugens distribution area spans from 2400 to 3200 m a.s.l, being the most abundant chrysomelid at these high-altitudes.
recent material from Onehunga, tentatively determined as M. orientale by Don, was tentatively reidentified as M. fieldi by Heterick
Stichophthalma sparta, the Manipur jungle queen, is a butterfly found in South Asia that belongs to the Morphinae subfamily of the brush-footed butterflies family.
Described forms are nychonia Jordan, 1908, chitonia Jordan, 1908, and delormei Le Moult, 1931.
Parnassius nosei is a high-altitude butterfly found in China.
This active butterfly is usually seen at the tops of trees and amidst foliage.
It is found in China and Taiwan.
They are known commonly as the finger-net caddisflies.
The moths fly from June to August.
Lethe mekara, the common red forester, is a species of Satyrinae butterfly found in India and Southeast Asia.
The common name spruce carpet is also used when referring to Thera britannica.
This species and the yellow coster are the only two Indian representatives of the predominantly African tribe Acraeini.
The ground colour is pale greyish ochreous with scattered black speckles,Both wings have a conspicuous though small black discal dot.
The Australian painted lady butterfly is mostly confined to Australia, although westerly winds have dispersed it to islands east of Australia, including New Zealand.
Trithemis bifida Pinhey, 1970 – shadow dropwing
Adults are on wing from June to August in western Europe.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
The subfamily is most widely distributed in the Americas, with 430 species in 130 genera in its neotropical regions.
Blomer’s rivulet is a species of the Geometridae family of moths, in the subfamily Larentiinae which includes the carpet moth and pugs.
The spiny oak slug is a moth in the family Limacodidae.
Adults may be seen on flowers from May to September.
They are laid singly, on the undersides of leaves.
It is a species of fly belonging to the family Sarcophagidae .
The moth flies in one generation from April to June.
Passalus punctiger, common name Passalid Beetle, is a Betsy beetle of the family Passalidae.
It is monotypic in that it contains only one species, Boninagrion ezoin.
It is an introduced species in Hawaii.
Some species are valued in their role as biological pest control agents.
Both adults and larvae feed on foliage.
In older specimens, the greenish colour can fade.
The length of the forewings 13–14 mm.
Some blackish scales form an indistinct subapical suffusion.
Chlorocypha radix Longfield, 1959 - western red-tipped jewel
It is distributed on all continents except Antarctica, although only one specimen has ever been discovered in South America.
There is a blackish dot towards the costa near the base.
Ormia ochracea is a small yellow nocturnal fly, a parasitoid of crickets.
It is not restricted to cole crops; other plant hosts include tomato, cucumber, thyme, collard greens, and potato.
In the South, it is absent from Greece.In the Alps, bankiana rises to 1500 meters.
Adults are flightless with fused elytra and feed at night on plant foliage.
The abdomen is often marked with dark brown lines and the species is sometimes called four-lined silverfish.
Both the larvae and the adults have two forms.
The larvae feed on Boscia, Capparis, and Maerua species.
Calathus is a genus of ground beetle native to the Palearctic, the Near East and North Africa.
The species is named for its discoverer, entomologist Brian Patrick.
The colouration is extremely variable, ranging from off-white with indistinct markings to a strong rust brown.
Oeneis norna, the Norse grayling, is a species of butterfly in subfamily Satyrinae, that occurs throughout Scandinavia and northern Asia.
Pseudoclanis postica is a moth of the family Sphingidae.
Liposcelididae is a family of barklice belonging to the suborder Troctomorpha.
In the Rio Grande Do Sul area of Brazil, one species, H. leucocelaenus, has been found carrying yellow fever virus.
It is found in Burundi, the Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Kenya, and Uganda.
Parnassius bremeri is a high altitude butterfly which is found in Russia, Korea and China .
The butterfly flies from April to September depending on the location.
The body is a bright, sericate green with bronze tints on the dorsum and the elytra.
Argyresthia curvella is a species of ermine moth.
Papilio troilus, the spicebush swallowtail or green-clouded butterfly, is a common black swallowtail butterfly found in North America.
The wingspan is 32–38 mm for males and 36–40 mm for females.
It is often found living in the webs of the pholcid spider Mesabolivar aurantiacus.
The forewings are fuscous with the basal and terminal areas suffused with ochreous-brown.
In the United States and Canada it is mainly found in the south and east.
However, in 2007 a small population was discovered in south of Devon.
It is surprisingly inconspicuous on the wing despite the brilliant metallic blue markings on its upper side.
It is found in the south-eastern quarter of mainland Australia.
It was endemic to New Zealand's North Island.
After its initial classification as Psithyrus vestalis, this bumblebee recently was reclassified into the genus Bombus, subgenus Psithyrus.
As some of the ground-dwelling scarab species attacked by tiphiids are pests, some of these wasps are considered beneficial as biological control agents.
Eristalis intricaria is a European species of hoverfly.
Ortholepis betulae is a moth of the family Pyralidae.
The elytra of some Buprestidae species have been traditionally used in beetlewing jewellery and decoration in certain countries in Asia, like India, Thailand and Japan.
Lepidochrysops jefferyi, the Jeffery's blue, is a species of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family.
They are strong fliers in tropical forests where they feed on fermenting fruits and animal dung.
Their original type genus Eudamus is today a junior synonym of Urbanus.
The tribe Rhynchophorini is the largest member of the true weevil subfamily Dryophthorinae.
Chlorocypha bambtoni is a species of damselfly in family Chlorocyphidae.
Aedes rusticus, it is a relatively common European mosquito, that is often responsible for human bites from May to August.
The range includes south Texas and rarely southern New Mexico south through both eastern and western Mexico to the Guyanas, Brazil, Bolivia and Peru.
Agonum is a large genus of ground beetles in the subfamily Harpalinae, tribe Platynini.
It contains the species Sinevia temulenta, which is found in Japan.
The adults fly from May to July depending on the location; they are mainly nocturnal but are sometimes encountered flying around during the day.
Their wingspan is 18 millimetres to 22 millimetres.
A pink-white spot is located off the apex of the wing.
A much more distantly related species of hair-clinging louse, the pubic or crab louse, also infests humans.
Technical description: Discal cell present ; M3 arises from M4 ; all tibiae spurred Antennae with whorls of long hairs.
It is the state butterfly of Oklahoma and New Jersey.
They are native to Australia and mostly found in tropical parts of Queensland.
Heliogomphus ceylonicus is a species of dragonfly in the family Gomphidae.
The moth flies from June to September depending on the location.
Perizoma alchemillata, the small rivulet, is a moth of the genus Perizoma in the family Geometridae.
Darlia praetexta is a species of moth in the family Gelechiidae and only species in the Darlia genus.
Theretra marginata is a moth of the family Sphingidae.
Subsequent analysis revealed that the insect is not of the genus Phthiria, and it was renamed.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Notably, this mosquito assaulted Londoners sleeping in the Underground during the Blitz, although similar populations were already known.
Stagmatoptera hyaloptera, common name Argentine white-crested mantis, is a species of praying mantis found in Argentina.
The habitat consists of forests at altitudes ranging from 2,100 to 2,300 meters.
As the nymphs molt, sexual dimorphism such as differences in pincer shapes begins to show.
Agabus clypealis is a species of beetle in family Dytiscidae.
It is found in New Zealand and the southern half of Australia including Tasmania and from Queensland across to Western Australia.
It has a generalist diet including small arthropods, nectar, seeds as well as tending aphids, scale insects and mealy-bugs to obtain honeydew.
Semonina is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
It occurs near swamps and slow-moving streams, sometimes in forested areas.
L. cervus is listed as Near Threatened by the IUCN Red List.
Nabis longipes is a species of damsel bug in the family Nabidae.
The hindwings are a silvery white; they are surrounded by a long-haired fringe, as usual for fungus moths and relatives.
Les vecteurs de la maladie de Chagas: recherches taxonomiques, biologiques et génétiques.
This family contains many of the smaller common household pest cockroaches, among others.
Trachyedra is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
The hindwings are whitish-yellowish, posteriorly suffused with fuscous, darker towards the apex.
It can be found in large parts of Europe, from the Pyrenees and Alps up to Scandinavia and Finland, east to Russia and Siberia.
It will then project its tails in front and poke the enemy.
Generally, the biology of the richardiids is little known.
The newly hatched larvae are whitish, marked by dark heads and several dark spots scattered over the body.
Later this first case is enlarged with silk.
The red flour beetle is a species of beetle in the family Tenebrionidae, the darkling beetles.
It is known commonly as the spotted spreadwing.
Frequent in N. Europe, but not very sharply separable from the name-type.
The relationships of Galacticidae need reassessment with new characters including DNA data [1].
The species natural habitat is in pure white to pale yellow dry sandy areas with sparse or no vegetation.
The apical area on the forewing underside is pale buff on the costa, contrasting strongly with the orange-yellow ground colour.
Zsolt Bálint subsequently established the currently-valid name.
Hoverflies, sometimes called flower flies, or syrphid flies, make up the insect family Syrphidae.
This may vary in other parts of the range.
But in any case the following appear noteworthly: iberica Stgr.
Heteroponera brouni is a species of ant in the genus Heteroponera, endemic to the North Island of New Zealand, and the Three Kings Islands.
It is found in most of Europe, except the Mediterranean islands.
The adults subsist on carbohydrate-rich materials, such as honeydew, or saps and juices from damaged plants, refuse, fruit, and nectar.
^ Clausnitzer, V. & Dijkstra, K.-D.B.. "Chlorocypha radix".
Neocheritra is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
It can be found in Southern Europe.
They are soft-bodied, elongate, winged terrestrial predators.
It is found in Central Europe and Southern Europe.
The common pug is a moth of the family Geometridae.
Acropteris iphiata is a species of moth of the family Uraniidae.
It is under severe threat from alien tree plantations as only two colonies are known to exist.
Recently, it was redescribed with a new specific status, due to its distinct morphology, genetics, and biogeographic characteristics.
It is endemic to the Arabian Peninsula, where it occurs in Oman, the United Arab Emirates, and Yemen.
troctopsocidae is a family of Psocoptera belonging to the suborder Troctomorpha.
It is only known from the Crocker Range, Sabah in northern Borneo.
The larva is also very variable, being green to reddish brown with alternating darker and lighter stripes.
Gnathothlibus erotus eras Transferred to "Gnathothlibus eras"
This extreme inquiline is represented only by female and pupoid type male individuals, whose morphology and anatomy indicate a highly specialized level of parasitism.
Maricopodynerus is a Nearctic genus of potter wasps distributed west of the 100° western meridian in the United States and Mexico.
Gall wasps, also called gallflies, are a family of the order Hymenoptera and are classified with the Apocrita suborder of wasps in the superfamily Cynipoidea.
The wingspan is typically 3.5 to 4.5 inches.
Said to be "locally common under the right conditions and at the right times of year" but regarded also as a rare species.
Its specific epithet is derived from the Latin illustris 'brilliant'.
This tall, essentially perpendicular thorn-like pronotum discourages birds and other predators from eating it, if only by mistakenly confusing it with a thorn.
Progomphus risi is a species of dragonfly in the family Gomphidae.
The butterflies fly in one generation from April to June.
The name was also used as the vehicle registration plate of Menke's car, "AHA ha".
There are eight described species found in Eurasia.
They are commonly known as river cruisers from their habit of cruising long distances along river banks.
Mimallonoidea is the superfamily of sack bearer moths, containing the single family Mimallonidae.
It is found in all of Europe, east to the Pacific Ocean and Japan.
Like all members of their family, they are usually found in rotting organic material in a wide range of habitats.
Pyrgus fides Hayward, 1940 Argentina, Chile, Peru
Species occur from Africa, across Asia to Indonesia and Australia.
Hectobrocha is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
However, it is likely to be under-recorded because it is very similar to the common darter.
Some thistles are able to reproduce vegetatively, and while they are impacted as well, they can sometimes survive.
It is endemic to South Africa, where it is only found on the high slopes of the Cape Peninsula Mountains in the Western Cape.
Most adults have short lives during which they do not feed.
The adult is on the wing in June and July [1] and both sexes are moderately attracted to light.
Piophila vulgaris visits Arum maculatum flowers in England.
Puermytrans is a monotypic moth genus of the family Hepialidae.
It is found throughout the Palearctic region and parts of the Near East.
Virgarina is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
The moths flies from June to July depending on the location.
Trithemis monardi is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae.
Adults nectar on a variety of flowering species that occur in the region, including, filaree, goldfields, and baby blue eyes.
Hypatima is a genus of the twirler moth family.
They are included in the Plutellidae by many authors.
The moth flies from October to November depending on the location.
Acromantis hesione, common name Burmese mantis, is a species of praying mantis found in China and the Philippines.
Upon hatching, the caterpillars wander a short distance and spin silk pads upon which they pass the winter.
The bella moth also demonstrates complex mating strategies and is thus an excellent model to study sexual selection.
They occur mostly in dry, sandy habitats in the deserts of North America, South America, and Australia.
Isorropus is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
The turnip moth is a moth of the family Noctuidae.
Its food is many insects and some fruit.
It is mainly an aesthetic pest and is not believed to harm otherwise healthy trees.
Males are slightly smaller) and have dark brown wings, which are absent in females.
The banded demoiselle is a species of damselfly belonging to the family Calopterygidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and intermittent rivers.
It is found in Europe, east Siberia and Japan.
The males compete for prime perch space close to the females' chrysalids, and successful suitors forcibly mate with the females immediately following their emergence.
It is sometimes placed in the genus Gandaritis.
Fletcherinia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
Adults are on wing from the beginning of March to the beginning of July.
These lice are some of the worst ectoparasites of domestic animals.
Hence, if objects are in this space, then the mosquito does not lay its eggs.
Amara chaudoiri is a species of beetle of the genus Amara in the Carabidae family.
Dumbletonius is a genus of moths of the family Hepialidae.
This was initially proposed as a subgenus of Boarmia but eventually elevated to full genus rank.
It is native to south-east Queensland and New South Wales.
These roaches are subsocial, their young requiring considerable parental interaction.
The moth flies in January, July and December.
The name stems from a superficial resemblance to the distantly related family Caeciliusidae.
Encarsia formosa is a species of wasp and a well known parasitoid of greenhouse whitefly, used commercially for biological pest control.
Colonies vary in size depending on the available habitat, and can range from a few dozen to several thousand butterflies.
Unlike a typical moth, which has two pairs of scaly wings, Alucita has about twenty thin feathery plumes.
Species in this genus are mainly distributed in East Asia.
Anopheles earlei is a small insect found throughout North America.
The length of the forewings is 33–35 mm.
Oriental hornets have also been found in a few isolated locations such as Mexico due to human introduction.
It is distributed throughout southern and central Europe, and southern Sweden.
Aethiothemis basilewskyi is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae.
They are found throughout the Palearctic region, commonly seen from June to August, living in meadows, hedgerows, and gardens, and eating plants and tree foliage.
Deroplatys philippinica, with the common name Philippines dead leaf mantis, is a species of dead leaf mantis.
Mindarus harringtoni is thought to have fed on a tree called Pinus succinifera which is itself now long since extinct.
It was described by Goeze in 1781.
The caterpillar, a measuring worm, is smooth and pale green with white stripes and is one of many species called cabbage worm.
Its natural habitats are swamps, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
Morpho granadensis, the Granada morpho, is a Neotropical butterfly found in Panama, Nicaragua, Colombia, Ecuador, and Venezuela.
Gymnopholus is a genus of beetles in the family Curculionidae occurring in New Guinea.
Besides Manitoba, it is widespread in Hungary and Italy.
The wingspan of the male is about 12 mm.
Upolampes is a butterfly genus in the family Lycaenidae.
Some authors include Telephila here as a subgenus, while others prefer to keep it distinct as its relationships are fairly obscure.
Prosotas pia, the margined lineblue, is a species of blue butterfly found in Asia.
No other specimens have ever been identified as belonging to this family.
Females reach about 2.5  cm in length, and males are smaller.
It lays its eggs inside cotton bolls, and the larvae eat their way out.
It is native to the southeastern United States.
Culicoides is a genus of biting midges in the family Ceratopogonidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland, and rivers.
Most Culiseta species are cold-adapted, and only occur in warmer climates during the colder parts of the year or at higher elevations where temperatures are lower.
Species within this genus include the silken fungus beetle and E. reitteri.
Macrosia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
It flies during the day, and when at rest often holds its wings closed as a butterfly does.
Velvet water bugs are the smallest of the Gerromorpha, and have an appearance of tiny veliids.
The Exopterygota are a highly diverse insect superorder, with at least 130,000 living species divided between 15 orders.
Ochlodes subhyalina Bremer & Grey 1853 China, Mongolia Korea, Japan, India, Khasi Hills, Assam, Sikkim, North Burma, Taiwan
They are capable of extremely rapid increase in numbers by asexual reproduction.
It is found in the south-eastern quarter of Australia.
It contains the single species Dohertya cymatophoroides, which is found in Burma.
Its common name in English is green-eyed hawker.
Outside of Australia, populations have become established in Hawaii and New Zealand where it was either accidentally introduced or arrived by long-distance dispersal.
Among its family, these sexually dimorphic Lepidoptera belong to the tribe Eumaeini of the subfamily Theclinae.
The wingspan is about 40 mm for males and 60 mm for females.
It is now established in populations of the weed in the southeastern United States.
Between 1980 and 2000, there were four deaths due to anaphylaxis from jack jumper stings, all of them in Tasmania.
The initial name proposed for this lineage was Gulliveria, but some authors do not consider it validly published.
It is found in Europe except Iberia and Greece; also in Asia Minor, Armenia, Siberia Issyk-Kul.
Macroptila is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
It is found in Northern Europe and Central Europe.
It contains the single species Holochrea xanthogramma, which is found in Sangir.
The moths fly in one generation from July to September.
T. oceanicus populations in Hawaii arose through human-assisted introduction.
Coccinula is a genus of ladybird beetles.
It is monotypic, containing only the species Mantoides gama.
The wingspan is 24–28 millimetres and the moth flies from June to July depending on the location.
Nicrophorus validus is a burying beetle described by Portevin in 1920 and distributed in the Himalayas, Nepal, and Tibet.
It appears in Bangladesh, China, Hong Kong, India, Malaysia, Myanmar, Nepal, Sri Lanka, Taiwan, Thailand, Cambodia and Viet Nam.
Chloroclystis filata, the filata moth, is a species of moth of the family Geometridae.
The mine is flat and quite shallow.
The young, which live in water, resemble tiny pennies.
Amara armeniaca is a species of beetle of the genus Amara in the Carabidae family.
Thestor stepheni, the Stephen's skolly, is a species of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family.
The length of the forewings is 18–20 millimetres.
They are commonly called auger beetles, false powderpost beetles, or horned powderpost beetles.
It is found from Nova Scotia to central Florida along the East Coast and west through New England to Michigan to Saskatchewan.
About 90 species are known from the Oriental and Afrotropic biogeographic regions.
They then pupate until the following spring.
The more familiar species are up to 5 cm long, making them among the largest of wasps, and have blue-black bodies and bright, rust-colored wings.
They belong to the Charaxini tribe, which also includes the nawab butterflies.
They are commonly called willowflies or winter stoneflies and have a holarctic distribution.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, subtropical or tropical moist shrubland, and rivers.
Baspa melampus, the Indian red flash is a species of blue butterfly found in South-East Asia.
It is native to the United States.
T. juazeirensis can be distinguished from the other members of the brasiliensis complex by its entire dark pronotum and legs.
They are unusual among insects in that both the male and female parents take care of the brood.
The procellaris grotis noctuid moth was a species of moth in the Noctuidae family.
Dissoptila is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
Dixanaene is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
Pachycerosia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
The genus and its sole species was described from the Miocene of Tuscany, Italy.
The costal area from this to the apex is fulvous, without dark irroration, with four oblique fine wedge-shaped pale ochreous streaks posteriorly edged with black.
Scopula nigropunctata, the sub-angled wave, is a moth of the family Geometridae.
Pupation takes place in cocoons spun amongst leaf litter.
The moth flies from July to August depending on the location.
Key characteristics of Polyphaga are that the hind coxa, does not divide the first and second abdominal/ventral plates which are known as sternites.
Onychogomphus is a genus of dragonflies in the family Gomphidae.
The margin field is obscured and is crossed by a strongly toothed white wavy line.
It is widespread, but in some areas it is affected by the degradation of its habitat.
These flies are commonly encountered in temperate areas of Europe, Siberia and Northern China.
It was previously identified as Oxypilus strigipennis.
Elkalyce is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
Some are considered important in the control of grasshopper populations.
Coenonympha is a butterfly genus belonging to the Coenonymphina, a subtribe of the browns.
It is found in New South Wales, Victoria and Tasmania.
The larvae feed on a wide range of native and exotic broad-leaved and coniferous shrubs and trees.
Forewing with brown basal patch and anterior half of median band, both wings with more or less well-defined bluish-smoky distal border.
Aethiothemis bequaerti is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae.
The Diadocidiidae are a family of flies.
The hindwings are grey, paler towards the base, especially in males.
Phymatopus is a genus of moths belonging to the hepialidae family, which consists of around 500 species and 30 genera.
It is endemic to the island of Hispaniola, where it occurs in both the Dominican Republic and Haiti.
The species overwinters as a small larva.
They are found across Africa, Asia, and Australia.
The only described species is Z. stacyi, the bentwing ghost moth, which is only found in Queensland and New South Wales, Australia.
Epilachna borealis is a species of beetle that can commonly be found in the eastern United States.
Paremonia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
Flower-feeding thrips are routinely attracted to bright floral colors, especially white, blue, and yellow, and will land and attempt to feed.
Along with members of their sister genus Dolichovespula, they are collectively known by the common name yellowjackets in North America.
It is known from Europe, where it is found from Sweden to Spain, Italy and Greece and from Great Britain to southern Russia.
They are active and able to fly.
The iridescence in workers ranges from green or blue to plain green and purple, varying in different body parts and castes.
The genus is named after a Mr Baron who collected the first specimen in the Sierra Madre region of Mexico.
The larvae feed on Diplotaxis pendula, Succowia balearica, Moricandia arvensis, Eruca vesicaria, Cleome arabica, Reseda villosa, Eryngium tenue and Diplotaxis acris.
Paniscomima is known from India, Madagascar, Africa, and Southeast Asia.
It is mostly considered a subspecies of Chrysoritis zeuxo.
Pseudagrion coeleste is a species of damselfly in family Coenagrionidae.
The species can be found in Central Europe, Southern Europe, Eastern Europe, North Africa, Anatolia and the Caucasus.
^ The flight season refers to the British Isles.
The larva feeds on Aristolochia Aristolochia moupinensis.
It is known from Venezuela, Ecuador and Bolivia.
Its members are primarily found in Australasia and temperate South America, and include the most common native bees in New Zealand.
Perizoma albulata, the grass rivulet, is a moth of the genus Perizoma in the family Geometridae.
The species is noted for its peculiar mating practice: during mating, the ventral surfaces and mouthparts of the partners touch.
Northern races tend to be paler overall.
The larvae are horned, spiny, black caterpillars with red markings.
Thrips from this family are fairly common, and are generally larger than those in the suborder Terebrantia.
Atrophaneura nox, the Malayan batwing, is a papilionid butterfly found in Java, northern Borneo and Peninsular Malaysia.
The moth flies from June to August depending on the location.
Diapheromeridae is a family of stick insects.
The females have yellow wings with two blue-black dots.
These are Windsor Forest, Bredon Hill in Worcestershire, and Dixton Wood SSSI in Gloucestershire.
Tabanus bromius, sometimes called the band-eyed brown horsefly, is a species of biting horseflies.
The three species in this group are:
Parnassius glacialis, the glacial Apollo or Japanese clouded Apollo, is a high-altitude butterfly found in Japan, eastern China and Korea.
In all Leptanillini, the larvae feed their hemolymph to the queen through specialized processes on their prothoraces and third abdominal segments.
Megachile rotundata, the alfalfa leafcutter bee or leafcutter bee is a European bee that has been introduced to various regions around the world.
The Bibionomorpha are an infraorder of the suborder Nematocera.
They can reach sizes of up to 12 mm long, and they live in massive colonies.
It contains the single species Paradoxosia rufipex, which is found in Uganda.
Cylindrocopturus eatoni is a species of weevil commonly found in Oregon.
Females lay translucent, greenish, flattened, smooth eggs, usually singly on the host plants.
The brown hairstreak is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
It is native to most all of eastern North America.
The length of the forewings is 16–17 mm.
Conozoa hyalina was a species of grasshopper in family Acrididae.
The larva may leave the mine and restart elsewhere.
The species is usually found near still or sluggish waters and is common over much of its range.
It is also the type species of Bapta, a junior objective synonym of Lomographa and the namesake of the Baptini.
Madoryx oiclus is a moth of the family Sphingidae.
The species of this genus are found in the Indomalayan and the Australasian realms.
The most famous species in the Monomorium genus is the highly invasive pharaoh ant, Monomorium pharaonis.
Empusa pennata, common names conehead mantis in English and mantis palo in Spanish, is a species of praying mantis in genus Empusa.
Discolampa is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.The genus ranges from Sri Lanka to New Guinea.
It is found in France, Italy, and Spain, with the most recent finding in Slovenia.
The length of the forewings is 40–50 mm and the wingspan is 96–121 mm.
They tend to live in open, wet woods along waterways, in open swamps, and less often in dry woods and ridgetops.
It flies in August and September, and comes freely to both light and sugar.
The adults fly at night from May to June[1] and are attracted to light.
Junodia beieri is a species of praying mantis found in the Congo River region.
The males may be alate or apterous.
Cicindela aurofasciata is a species of tiger beetle endemic to India.
In mating, which takes several hours, the abdomens are placed end to end.
Pontia protodice, the checkered white or southern cabbage butterfly, is a common North American butterfly in the family Pieridae.
Also, the notopleural suture is not present.
The family is closely related to the families Pseudocaeciliidae and Calopsocidae.
The larvae usually feed on Crotalaria species, which contain poisonous alkaloid compounds that render them unpalatable to most predators.
It is a diurnal species reaching a length up to 25 mm in males; it occurs on flowers in the eastern coastal forests of Australia.
In urban environments, they will readily take food made available by suburban dwellers, including cat food and dog food and their droppings.
Pseudomyrmecinae is a small subfamily of ants containing only three genera of slender, large-eyed arboreal ants, predominantly tropical or subtropical in distribution.
This parasite was only known to live on the now extinct huia and is thought to have become extinct with its host.
It is replaced in the west by Acalymma trivittatum, a duller species often with greyish or pale white elytra rather than yellow.
Itfeeds on various grasses, especially the stems and roots.
Bed bugs are parasitic insects of the cimicid family that feed exclusively on blood.
Omiodes asaphombra, sometimes called the ʻOhe hedyleptan moth, is a species of moth in the family Pyralidae endemic to Hawaiʻi.
Kaniska canace, the blue admiral, is a nymphalid butterfly, the only species of the genus Kaniska.
The median wasp is a species of social wasp of the family Vespidae found throughout Europe and Asia.
The European species was split into two species; L. niger is found in open areas, while L. platythorax is found in forest habitats.
The punctate flower chafer or spotted flower chafer, Neorrhina punctata, is a species of flower chafer.
The larvae are polyphagous, and are known to feed on Bidens pilosa, Helianthus annuus, Taraxacum officinale, Alcea rosea, Rosa odorata, Plantago, Ricinus communis and Tradescantia albiflora.
They belong to the Ptiliidae family, and are minute: between 1 and 0.5 mm.
The forewings are buckthorn brown, more or less longitudinally streaked with purplish fuscous, but in some specimens the streaking is obsolete.
It is a very dark brown beetle 5–6 mm.
It is up to 119 millimetres in length.
Xanthorhoe designata, the flame carpet, is a moth of the genus Xanthorhoe in the family Geometridae.
They have been found as far north as 63° N latitude.
Pratapa icetas, the dark blue royal, is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Pakistan and India.
This weevil is native to South America.
In warm areas there is often a third generation.
The bluebottle fly or bottlebee is a common blow fly found in most areas of the world and is the type species for the genus Calliphora.
The red bull ant, also known as the giant bull ant or "hoppy joe", is a species of bulldog ant from the genus Myrmecia.
Lutzomyia is a genus of phlebotomine sand flies consisting of nearly 400 species, at least 33 of which have medical importance as vectors of human disease.
Cryptocephalus is a genus of leaf beetles in the subfamily Cryptocephalinae and belonging to the group of case-bearing leaf beetles called the Camptosomata.
Hyalaethea is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
There are three oblique black lines on the forewing upperside and two in the basal half of the wing.
Mostly they eat deciduous trees, such as oaks and elm.
It contains the species Metopios tozeurellum, which is found in North Africa.
It contains the single species Curoba sangarida, which is found in southern India and Sri Lanka.
Worldwide there are well over a thousand species.
Crenigomphus hartmanni , the clubbed talontail, is a species of dragonfly in the family Gomphidae.
Ophiogomphus cecilia – green snaketail, green gomphid
It is a member of the snow Apollo genus Parnassius of the swallowtail family, Papilionidae.
Nabis christophi is a type of damsel bug in the family Nabidae.
The moth flies from June to August depending on the location.
Ant societies have division of labour, communication between individuals, and an ability to solve complex problems.
Omus is a genus of tiger beetles, subfamily Cicindelinae.
The cinnabar moth is a brightly coloured arctiid moth found in Europe and western and central Asia.
It is the only Gomphidae that lacks the "club-shaped" abdomen, in spite of its name.
Zabrus is a genus of ground beetles.
Ropalidiini is a tribe of social wasps inhabiting the Afrotropical, Indomalayan and Australasian biogeographical regions.
It exhibits sexual dimorphism, the male usually being smaller but more strongly marked than the female.
Paratalara is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
Yponomeuta sedella is a moth of the family Yponomeutidae.
The Hydroscaphidae are a small family of water beetles known commonly as skiff beetles.
The larvae of Toxorhynchites prey on the larvae of other mosquitoes and similar nektonic prey.
Eumorpha capronnieri is a moth of the family Sphingidae.
It is distributed over the Palaearctic and Afrotropic ecozones, with most European species occurring in Southern and Eastern Europe.
The type species and most economically important is the banana weevil Cosmopolites sordidus.
It contains two superfamilies, Derodontoidea and Bostrichoidea, which includes the Dermestidae, Anobiidae, Bostrichidae and others.
The large butterfly family Lycaenidae contains the following genera:
Stylurus is a genus of dragonflies in the family Gomphidae.
The monandrous female must choose which type of male can help her reproduce successfully.
Rohana is a genus of butterflies in the family Nymphalidae.
The ground colour of the forewings is whitish grey with dark crosslines.The median crossline is sharply angulated.
Minixi is a small neotropical genus of potter wasps currently containing 4 species.
It is native to Palearctic and northern North America.
Ennomos quercinaria, the August thorn, is a moth of the family Geometridae.
Its wingspan is 11–17 mm, and in general the imagines resemble B. lunaris, but are about half as large again.
Western flower thrips are a year-round pest, but are less destructive during wet weather.
It is the largest of the six Ischnura species in Australia.
Cladoxycanus is a monotypic genus of moths belonging to the Hepialidae family.
Archaeoprepona is a genus of Neotropical charaxine butterflies in the family Nymphalidae, native to Mexico, Central America, northern South America, and the Caribbean.
Atrophaneura luchti is a species of butterfly in the family Papilionidae.
Ocnogyna is a genus of moths in the Erebidae family from Western Eurasia.
They are typically found in riffles in streams with a moderate to fast current, clinging to the underside of logs or rocks.
The variable checkerspot or Chalcedon checkerspot is a butterfly in the family Nymphalidae.
Cacosoma is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
It is often attracted to both indoor and outdoor lights and it is mainly a nocturnal species.
Argyra is a genus of flies in the family Dolichopodidae.
They produce a continuous glow; the larvae and larviform females are among those organisms commonly called "glowworms".
The Congo floor maggot is a species of blow-fly that is native to sub Saharan Africa and the Cape Verde Islands.
In the East, the species range to the Pacific Ocean.
Pararhaphidoglossa is a moderately diverse neotropical genus of potter wasps.
The Gaeanini are a tribe of cicadas.
Dichromodes estigmaria is a moth of the family Geometridae.
Agathemerodea is a suborder of the insect order Phasmatodea, comprising the stick insects and leaf insects.
It contains the single species Pseudophanes melanoptera, which is found in Australia.
Hedylidae, the "American moth-butterflies", is a family of insects in the lepidopteran order, representing the superfamily Hedyloidea.
It is found in most southern areas of Australia, ranging from lower Queensland to Tasmania.
The adults and larvae of Diamphidia nigroornata feed on Commiphora angolensis, whereas Diamphidia vittatipennis eat African myrrh.
All three species have the ability to emit a loud squeak if irritated.
Mesocerea is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
Nicrophorus smefarka is a burying beetle described by Jirí Háva, J. Schneider & Jan Růžička in 1999.
Neptis columella, the short banded sailer, is a species of nymphalid butterfly found in South and Southeast Asia.
Anastomopteryx is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
They have a flat dark body with large scales over the head, resembling trilobites, hence the informal names Trilobite beetle, Trilobite larva or "Sumatran Trilobite larva".
The larvae feed on Helianthus annuus, Medicago sativa, Linum usatissimum, Gossypium hirsutum, Sorghum bicolor and Atriplex species.
There are exceptional cases of human babies infected by these flies.
Xylena exsoleta, the sword-grass, is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae.
E. balteatus can be found throughout the year in various habitats, including urban gardens, visiting flowers for pollen and nectar.
The family comprises over 3,000 species in about 100 genera.
Brachmia is a genus of the twirler moth family.
Crambus perlella is a species of moth of the family Crambidae.
As larvae, some also feed on decaying plant material.
The type species is the North American barred yellow.
Here, they are considered independent families within the harpaline assemblage, and this is also tentatively assumed for the enigmatic monotypic genus Ginema.
The Entiminae are a large subfamily in the weevil family Curculionidae, containing most of the short-nosed weevils, including such genera as Otiorhynchus, Phyllobius, and Sitona.
Microsatellite comparisons support the idea that the Hawaiian T. oceanicus colonization originated in the Western islands and then spread East.
They are robust brown or black bees, hairy or velvety and often striped with yellow or orange, typically resembling bumblebees.
They build nests inside wood consisting of galleries chewed out with their mandibles, preferably in dead, damp wood.
They are greenish yellow with a light brown head.
Bombus fraternus is a species of bumblebee known commonly as the Southern Plains bumblebee.
The earliest known fossil Cicadomorpha appeared in the Upper Permian period; extant species occur all around the world in temperate to tropical climates.
Articerodes ohmomoi is a rove beetle discovered in Thailand in 2008.
As a family, the Coreidae are cosmopolitan, but most of the species are tropical or subtropical.
It is found in the south-east quarter of Australia.
It is known for its distinct and exclusive camouflaged appearance of a dry weathered leaf.
The species flies at night and is attracted to light.
The species of this genus are found in the Far Eastern Palearctic realm.
Solenopsidini is a tribe of myrmicine ants with about 20 genera.
The Clidemia thrips Liothrips urichi, and the alligator weed thrips Amynothrips andersoni belong to this subfamily.
Paragomphus nyasicus is a species of dragonfly in the family Gomphidae.
As well as running it can also fly.
Like other parasitoid wasps, they were long placed in the "Parasitica", variously considered as an infraorder or an unranked clade, now known to be paraphyletic.
Hebomoia leucippe is a butterfly in the family Pieridae.
Scrobitasta is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
The most well-known location to witness these displays is on the Selangor River at Kampong Kuantan, Malaysia.
Rhabdotis aulica, known as the emerald fruit chafer, is a species of Scarabaeidae, the dung beetle family, and is found in Africa.
Many members of this tribe are remarkably butterfly-like.
Amblopala is a Palearctic and Indomalayan butterfly genus in the family Lycaenidae.
Horaga selina, the Selina's onyx, is a species of lycaenid or hairstreak butterfly found in Sulawesi, Indonesia.
It is found in Europe, Japan and North America.
Ectropis bispinaria is a moth of the Geometridae family.
A treatment is to burn the webbed material and to thoroughly clean the affected location.
Adults are on wing from August to March and sometimes from July to April.
Eristalinus sepulchralis is a European species of hoverfly.
The larvae feed on Birch and Alder.
Microstola is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
Males of most species are usually pale to mid powder blue.
A gnathos or pseudognathos can be present or absent and is therefore of no diagnostic value.
The length of the forewings is 15–18 mm.
It is endemic to South Africa, where it is only known from a few localities in the KwaZulu-Natal midlands.
The adults fly at night from May to September in two to three generations.
The main food plants in Europe are field maple and sycamore; the larvae can also be found on Norway maple.
The larvae feed on various grasses, mainly Dactylis glomerata, Festuca rubra and Festuca ovina.
The female is similar but generally larger and less brightly coloured.
They are typically found along the edges of streams and rivers, where they feed on algae; they occur on all continents except Antarctica.
Xylophanes eumedon is a moth of the family Sphingidae.
Chrysallactis is a genus of moths in the family Erebidae.
Nesciothemis is a genus of dragonflies in the family Libellulidae.
Several Hylobius species are major pests of coniferous trees.
Hasora khoda, the large banded awl, is a butterfly belonging to the family Hesperiidae which is found in India, parts of Southeast Asia and Australia.
The basal third is irregularly and suffusedly spotted, and on the dorsum wholly suffused with blackish, the middle third of the dorsum suffused with dark grey.
In either case it stings them with the ovipositor.
It contains the single species Avela diversa, which is found in Brazil.
The larvae feed on various plants, including Achillea, Hieracium, Euphorbia, Knautia and Taraxacum species.
Neolysandra is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
The hindwing is similar but lacks the basal fascia and the distal fascia does not reach the wing apex.
Crane flies are found worldwide, though individual species usually have limited ranges.
It is well distributed in the British Isles except for the north of Scotland.
Palaeosia is a genus of moths in the family Erebidae.
Trithemis morrisoni Damm & Hadrys, 2009 – rapids dropwing
Theria primaria, the early moth, is a moth of the family Geometridae.
However this and the small number of other English specimens are thought to be of introductions, possibly accidental.
It is found in Kenya and Tanzania.
The maxillary palp has two segments or fewer.
The Buttoned Snout is a moth of the family Noctuoidea.
— meridionalis Galvagni from Gorz and the Southern Tyrol, has less black dusting, the black spots small.
Phyllodesma tremulifolium, the aspen lappet, is a moth of the family Lasiocampidae.
The colonies are described as superorganisms because the ants appear to operate as a unified entity, collectively working together to support the colony.
A very similar species is the rosita patch, which is distinguished from the crimson patch by the former's lack of spots on the wing margins.
Spider beetles have round bodies with long, slender legs, and lack wings.
It is found throughout Europe and east through the Palearctic to Central Asia, and Siberia up to the Ussuri.
The butterfly is also known as the common yellow swallowtail or simply the swallowtail.
The larva is whitish and maggot-like and feeds underground on the roots of a variety of wild and cultivated plants.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests and temperate grassland.
It is the most dominant arboreal ant in the pine forests of the coastal plains of northern Florida.
It is endemic to South Africa and Lesotho.
The species of this genus are found in the Palearctic and Nearctic realms.
Asuridoides is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
It is found in Europe, the Near East and North America.
Notably, these ants are immune to the toxins of the cane toad and feed on the juveniles.
The genus Arachnocampa belongs in the family Keroplatidae.
Amorphoscelis machadoi is a species of praying mantis found in Angola.
(Quercus sp., Alnus sp., Prunus sp., Salix sp., Tilia sp., Malus sp., Populus sp., Acer sp., Betula sp., Ulmus sp.
Rhithrodytes is a genus of beetle in family Dytiscidae.
Found in Australia, it is common in most parts of Brisbane.
It is a member of the snow Apollo genus of the swallowtail family.
The only two comprehensive studies that include Euptychiina are the works of L. D. Miller and Walter Forster, though the latter is now largely considered obsolete.
The Tau Emperor is a moth of the family Saturniidae.
The larval stage of some Thaumetopoeidae are known as processionary caterpillars, so named because they move in columns in search of food, resembling a procession.
It is found in Europe and North America in woodlands and gardens.
Amphipteryx is a genus of damselflies, the only genus in the family Amphipterygidae.
Like other members of the subfamily, they are myrmecophiles, meaning they inhabit the nests of ants.
The Bonthain tiger is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae subfamily.
Its range covers also parts of Northern Africa.
Adults are on wing from June to August in one generation in the northern part of the range.
It was formerly included in Mycalesis malsara.
They will sometimes excavate a chamber and move the paralyzed beetle larva into it before depositing an egg.
The moth flies from May to June depending on the location.
The Anopheles earlei larvae are found in cold, clear water in ponds and other small bodies of water that contain plant life or vegetation.
Protoneura tenuis Selys, 1860 - Scarlet-backed Threadtail
The forewings are yellow with a broad dark edged brown margin and a brown line across the middle.
The subfamily includes over 750 genera, rivaled in diversity within the family only by the subfamily Cerambycinae.
Erora is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
All colonies have fertile males called "kings" and one or more fertile females called "queens".
The Pennsylvania wood cockroach or Pennsylvanian cockroach is a common species of cockroach in eastern and central North America.
^ Paulson, Dennis R.. Dragonflies and Damselflies of the West.
It is found in the Palearctic ecozone.
About four species are well known as pests.
In the Alps it rises to an altitude of 2100 meters.
The wings are held folded over the body at rest.
In addition, they are also able to produce fourteen acoustical signals, more than many vertebrates.
Idopterum is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
Fig wasps have an obligate mutualism with the fig species they pollinate.
Catoptria luctiferella is a species of moth of the family Crambidae.
Udara akasa, the white hedge blue, is a small butterfly found in India that belongs to the lycaenids or blues family.
Strobisia is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
The lesser budworm's wingspan is about 30 mm.
Timelaea is a genus of butterflies in the family Nymphalidae.
The moth can be found in the Palearctic ecozone, up to the Arctic Circle.
Aedes is a genus of mosquitoes originally found in tropical and subtropical zones, but now found on all continents except Antarctica.
Parnassius dongalaicus, the Tytler's Apollo, is a high-altitude butterfly which is found in China.
Coenonympha hero, the scarce heath, is a butterfly species belonging to the family Nymphalidae.
Parvicincia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
Several tropical species, notably of the genus Pteroptyx, are of local economic importance.
Three species of this genus are endemic to Australia and Tasmania.
Trithemis arteriosa, the red-veined dropwing, is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae.
It was originally described as Paratrechina pubens from Saint Vincent, Lesser Antilles.
The Ragadiini are a small tribe of the Satyrinae in the Nymphalidae family.
Clytus arietis, the wasp beetle, is a wasp-mimicking longhorn beetle species in the genus Clytus.
In 2007, due to several discoveries, including a new species, the family tree and nomenclature of Metriorrhynchus were revised.
It is found in southern and central Europe then east across the Palearctic to the Amur River and Japan.
Laxta granicollis, the bark cockroach, is a species of Blaberidae that occurs in Australia.
The larvae feed on Cupressus macrocarpa and other cultivars.
The larva then falls into the soil and pupates.
It is the sole member of the subfamily Diamminae, and is both morphologically and behaviorally unusual among members of the family Tiphiidae.
It contains only one species, Smenodoca erebenna, which is found in Australia, where it has been recorded from New South Wales, Victoria and Western Australia.
Pheidologeton has 11-segmented antennae, while the antennae in Aphaenogaster are 12-segmented.
It contains the single species Pachasura stellata, which is found in Colombia.
Sthenopis is a genus of moths of the family Hepialidae.
Noctua janthe, the lesser broad-bordered yellow underwing, is a moth of the family Noctuoidea.
Adults feed on nectar, whereas their larvae feed on aphids.
Ophiogomphus incurvatus Carle, 1982 – Appalachian snaketail
Graphium mendana is a species of butterfly in the family Papilionidae, that is found in Papua New Guinea and the Solomon Islands.
The Astictopterini are a tribe in the Hesperiinae subfamily of skipper butterflies.
It is a pest of many crops in Brazil and it may transmit the plant pathogen Herpetomonas macgheei, a trypanosomatid protozoan.
Nothing is known about the workers, queens, or behavior of these ants.
The larvae feed on willow and poplar.
The nymphs moult repeatedly, at the last moult climbing out of the water to undergo metamorphosis.
Males are rare, and are always pale yellow, while females vary in color, often by season, from red to yellow to dark brown.
Recognition of these beetles can be distinguished by its black color with orange markings on the wing covers.
It contains the single species Critoxena agraphopis, which is found in India.
Phenacomorpha is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
But at least one undescribed species is known to exist:
The larva, a root miner, moves to the root of the plant and tunnels through the cortex as it feeds.
Graphium idaeoides is a species of butterfly in the family Papilionidae.
Pentila is a genus of butterflies, commonly called pentilas or buffs, in the family Lycaenidae.
Eremiaphila klunzingeri is a species of praying mantis found in Egypt.
The moth flies from June to September depending on the location.
Its upperside is orange-brown to black, checkered with black and white spots.
Magicicada septendecula is a species of insect in family Cicadidae.
The insect overwinters as a pupa in the soil.
"Palophaginae, a new subfamily for leaf-beetles, feeding as adult and larva on Araucarian pollen in Australia".
The adults are small, often brilliantly coloured with electric blues, reds, and oranges.
Paidia is a genus of moths in the family Erebidae.
Tropidomantis tenera or Tropidomantis tenera is a species of praying mantis found in Thailand, Malaysia, Sumatra, Java, Flores, Sumba, Sulawesi, Borneo, and the Philippines.
The lighter markings consist of a transverse rectangular bars on segments 6 to 11, and a narrow line along each side of the larvae.
Wood inhabited by these beetles is usually well decomposed and falls apart readily.
Azanus, commonly called babul blues, is a genus of butterflies found in Africa and southwestern Asia.
Both P. chani and Phobaeticus serratipes exceed it in total length with legs extended.
Adults are on wing from May to August.
Bed bugs are mainly active at night, but are not exclusively nocturnal.
One species is restricted to Southern United States, Mexico and Central America.
Jeana is a genus of moths of the family Hepialidae.
The larvae also tend to have muted colors and tufts of short hairs.
The members of this genus are found in the Indomalaya ecozone and the Palearctic ecozone.
Cleroidea is a small superfamily of beetles.
The moth is tan or dull orange in color, with two small silver spots on each forewing.
It overwinters inside the seed head and pupates the following spring.
The silent slant-faced grasshoppers make up the subfamily Acridinae of the insect family Acrididae.
A significant reduction of genera has been proposed, from the current mass of 20 genera to 3.
Little is known of their habits, but all are believed to be predatory on small invertebrates, such as larvae of flies.
They are solitary and the larvae are suspected to be ectoparasitoids of other insects.
Females have scissor-like mouthparts that aim to cut the skin.
It is known commonly as the ochre spreadwing.
Stenobothrus is a genus of insect in family Acrididae.
The Common Flash, Bidaspa nissa is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in India.
Tiranimia is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
There are three described species, all endemic to Australia.
While all modern Dictyoptera have short ovipositors, the oldest fossils of Dictyoptera have long ovipositors, much like members of the Orthoptera.
It ranges from Spain in the west to western Siberia and central Asia in the east.
Paragrodiaetus is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
Aeshna scotias is a species of dragonfly in the family Aeshnidae.
They can be an agricultural pest affecting a wide range of crops because their larvae feed on plant roots and can weaken or kill the plants.
Discophlebia lucasii is a moth of the Oenosandridae family.
As most species of Scarabaeinae feed exclusively on feces, that subfamily is often dubbed true dung beetles.
Adults also damage the buds and leaves of the plant during feeding, but do less damage than the larvae.
Chrysoritis balli is a species of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family.
One or two broods are produced each year and the adults can be seen at any time from May to September.
Tetrathemis corduliformis is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae.
The larvae mainly feed on birch, Corylus avellana, and willow.
Yellowjacket or yellow jacket is the common name in North America for predatory social wasps of the genera Vespula and Dolichovespula.
Chrysorychia is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
The superfamily Papilionoidea contains all the butterflies except for the moth-like Hedyloidea.
It is endemic to South Africa, where it is found from the northern Eastern Cape to southern KwaZulu-Natal.
Carpocoris mediterraneus, the Red shield bug, is a species of shield bug in the Pentatomidae family.
Metacnemis valida is a species of damselfly in the family Platycnemididae.
The insect damages the plant in several ways.
It is found throughout much of South America, Central America, Mexico, and the southwestern United States.
There are about 274 species in this genus.
Its preferred hosts are ornamental and fruit trees of subtropical regions.
As the common name suggests, this species usually has very dark brown forewings, although paler grey forms exist.
Dabasa ciminius is a species of butterfly in the family Papilionidae.
It is endemic to Europe, but is an introduced species in North America.
It contains the single species Meterythrosia sangala, which is found in Guatemala.
Pupation takes place in loose cocoons in shallow underground chambers.
They are pests of museums, where they feed on specimens such as dried insects and stuffed animals.
The moth flies from April to July depending on the location.
It is endemic to South Africa, where it is found on the southern Drakensberg in KwaZulu-Natal.
Bhutanitis is a genus of swallowtail butterflies that contains four species.
Eristalinae are one of the three subfamilies of the fly family Syrphidae, or hoverflies.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
Pseudomusonia rapax is a species of praying mantis native to Costa Rica and Venezuela.
Lycaenopsis transpectus, the white-banded hedge blue, is a small butterfly found in India that belongs to the lycaenids or blues family.
In North America, they are also known as yellowjackets.
Horvathinia is a small genus in the family Belostomatidae, and the only genus in its subfamily.
The scutellum is the small V-shaped area between the wing cases; it may show several small, irregular, white lines and marks.
It voraciously preys on smaller butterflies and dragonflies.
versicolor has a wingspan of 23–28 mm and often has more brightly coloured forewings than its congeners with rich reddish-brown tones and a grey subterminal band.
In four species of Hyposmocoma caterpillars spin silk that they use to capture snails, on which they prey.
Eleven extinct genera with a total of 13 species have been described from the fossil record.
It is found in Botswana, Kenya, Malawi, Mozambique, Somalia, South Africa, Tanzania, Uganda, Zambia, Zimbabwe, and possibly Burundi.
The species name is after Adolphe Delessert who collected the first specimens based on which the species was described.
"The workers do not forage for food, feed the young or the queen, or even clean up their own nest".
Its common name derives from it feeding on the sap of rhododendrons.
Phyllogomphus is a genus of dragonflies in the family Gomphidae.
The accent is on the first syllable.
Its larval host plant is the grass Festuca ovina.
It ranges from northern Quebec southwards through New England to Florida and westwards to Ontario, Manitoba, Saskatchewan, and Tennessee.
Adults are on wing from October to January, with a peak in December.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, subtropical or tropical moist shrubland, and rivers.
The Bombyliidae are a family of flies.
Version 2010.3. International Union for Conservation of Nature.
Allodapula is a genus of bees in the family Apidae, subfamily Xylocopinae.
The regal fritillary is a striking nymphalid butterfly found among some of the remaining tallgrass and mixed-grass prairies in the east-central United States.
The phylogeny and systematics of gelechoid moths are still not fully resolved, and the circumscription of the Oecophoridae is strongly affected by this.
The larvae and adults are usually found on eucalyptus trees, where they feed upon the foliage.
Archived from the original on 28 August 2010.
Somatochlora ozarkensis is a species of dragonfly in the family Corduliidae.
Arctiites is an extinct genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
The pearl crescent is a butterfly of North America.
Elipsocidae is a family of Psocoptera belonging to the infraorder Homilopsocidea.
The species can be found in Europe East to the Urals, Asia Minor and the Tarbagatai Mountains.
Protophasma is an extinct genus of Protorthopteran insect from the Carboniferous of France.
A separate species of rice water weevil, Lissorhoptrus brevirostris is present in Cuba, Dominican Republic, Colombia, Suriname and Venezuela.
Pediculus humanus humanus Linnaeus, 1758 – the body louse
This bee is an important pollinator of Banksia species.
In the mountains it is found up to an altitude of over 2000 metres above sea level.
It is found in the Palearctic ecozone.
This is speculative and has not yet been confirmed by actual observations of behavior.
The species flies at night in June and July and will come to light.
All species have very long, fragile legs.
The moth flies from March to September depending on the location.
The only described species is R. bourgognei which is endemic to Brazil.
Crenigomphus is a genus of dragonfly in the family Gomphidae.
Hoplocorypha acuta is a species of praying mantis found on Madagascar and in Tanzania.
The stigmata are obscurely indicated by blackish-grey suffusion, the plical obliquely before the first discal.
The female fly will produce a single larvae at a time, retaining the larva internally until it is ready to pupate.
Its common name is flying earwig Hawaiian damselfly.
Heliaeschna trinervulata is a species of dragonfly in the family Aeshnidae.
Adults are on wing from June to August.
The genus Neotibicen comprises large-bodied Cicadidae appearing in late summer or autumn in North America.
It is found in the Palearctic The southern boundary runs westward along the French Atlantic coast and to the British Isles and North of the Alps.
It is found in Northern Europe, Central Europe, western Russia and Macedonia.
It is found in all parts of the United States except the west coast, and throughout Mexico and parts of southern Canada, in particular Ontario.
The wingspan of the moth ranges from 9–14 mm.
It contains the species Stagmaturgis catharosema, which is found in Brazil.
There is always a much darker central band, almost black in the darker forms.
The minute tree-fungus beetles, family Ciidae, are a sizeable group of beetles which inhabit Polyporales bracket fungi or coarse woody debris.
Ants of this genus tend to be between 4 and 8 mm long.
Satyrium esculi, the false ilex hairstreak, is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
The Mesosemiini are one of the tribes of metalmark butterflies.
Pandemis cerasana, the barred fruit-tree tortrix, is a moth of the family Tortricidae.
Some species in the genus Forcipomyia are important pollinators of cacao.
They have a peculiar distribution, restricted to the Old World tropics of South East Asia to Australasia and Madagascar.
Most have the antenna tip modified into a narrow hook-like projection.
Phaos is a genus of moth in the family Erebidae from Australia.
Chlorocnemis superba is a species of damselfly in the family Protoneuridae.
It contains the species Araeophalla barbertonensis, which is found in South Africa.
However, sixteen species were inadvertently introduced to North America and have become widespread there.
Anoplolepis is a genus of ants in the subfamily Formicinae.
Polyommatus amandus, the Amanda's blue, is a butterfly of the family Lycaenidae.
The adults fly in one generation in July [1].
Mythimna impura, the smoky wainscot, is a moth of the family Noctuidae.
Over 60,000 species are in several families, mostly in the family Curculionidae.
Leptogomphus yayeyamensis is a species of dragonfly in the family Gomphidae.
The host plants are Chenopodium and Atriplex species.
Petrelaea is a small genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
In the New World there is a greater range of recorded food plants including apple, clover, raspberry, redcurrant, strawberry, sunflower and willow as well as juniper.
Serious pests include the boll weevil of cotton, the Colorado potato beetle, the coconut hispine beetle, and the mountain pine beetle.
Its behaviour is much like that of the azure damselfly; it usually stays close to vegetation.
The Olaʻa banana hedyleptan moth is a species of moth in the family Crambidae.
Colophon whitei is a species of beetle in family Lucanidae.
It belongs to tribe Coccidulini of subfamily Coccidulinae, which is sometimes subsumed in the Coccinellinae as a tribe with the Coccidulini downranked to subtribe.
Adults are brown and difficult to distinguish in the field from A. cyparissiae and A. nigriscutis.
Somatochlora margarita, the Texas emerald, is a species of dragonfly in the family Corduliidae.
Though data are lacking, it is believed that the species is restricted to a small area of the western Alps and is endangered in Europe.
As the Noctuidae appear to be a paraphyletic assemblage, the Plusiinae may eventually be raised to family status.
The caterpillar is similarly coloured to the adult, and may be found as a pest feeding on the leaves of shrubs such as gooseberry.
The forewings are ochreous-whitish, slightly tinged brownish between the veins and with some scattered brown and black specks.
Noble chafers are most often seen on warm sunny days between July and August.
Qinorapala is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
Ophiogomphus morrisoni Selys, 1879 – Great Basin snaketail
Clavicoccus is a genus of insect in family Pseudococcidae.
Some members of this genus are ant mimics.
Their body is flat and elastic, making their removal difficult.
The hindwings are shining, dark fuscous with a light ochreous marginal line on the base of the cilia.
They are remarkable for the sophistication of their automimicry.
There is a conspicuous white fringe on the forewing upperside, found along the posterior margin from near the base to beyond the median rhombiform patch.
Of this lineage, Hypatima – under its junior synonym Chelaria – is the type genus.
About ten days later, the grubs hatch from the eggs and move into the soil to attack roots.
It is not entirely clear that this superfamily is monophyletic.
Females of most species are ectoparasites, whose tube-like mouthparts pierce the hosts' skin to consume blood.
Termites are a delicacy in the diet of some human cultures and are used in many traditional medicines.
The genus comprises only two species, both found only in Central and South America.
Stenelmis gammoni is a species of beetles in the riffle beetle family, Elmidae.
It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Tanzania, and Uganda.
Epirrhoe rivata, the wood carpet, is a moth of the genus Epirrhoe in the family Geometridae.
Most representatives of the Bibionomorpha are saprophages or fungivores as larvae with the Cecidomyiidae being predominantly gall-formers.
Most of the roughly 160 described species in the superfamily belong to the many-plumed moths; these include a few rather widespread genera.
The colour of the first abdominal segments is strongly yellow, orange or reddish coloured.
Sericoda beetles are pyrophilous, meaning that they are attracted by burned areas after forest fires.
Urothemis is a genus of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae.
Neoneura maria is a species of damselfly in the family Protoneuridae.
Pirhosigma is a moderately small Neotropical genus of potter wasps.
It is found in Hungary and Romania.
The moth flies from May to June depending on the location.
Stenoalata is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
The Polleniinae are a subfamily of Calliphoridae, or blow flies.
It is the only member of the genus Galleria.
It is found from southern Europe, the Levant and tropical Africa, but can be found in great parts of Europe because it is a migratory species.
The eggs are white and about 1 mm in diameter.
The holotype deposited at the Natural History Museum in London measures 328 mm excluding legs and 546 mm including legs.
The larvae feed on Scots pine, Swiss pine, Siberian pine and Norway spruce.
This damselfly lives near pools, swamps, and streams.
f. obsoleta Clark dark median band completely absent
Cucujidae have elongate parallel-side bodies ranging from 6 to 25 mm in length.
Citharomantis falcata is a species of praying mantis native to Sumatra and Borneo.
Nabokov designated C. ammon as the type species for the genus, and included C. dominica, C. thomasi, C. woodruffi and C. erembis.
It probably includes more than a thousand species.
There are about six greyish fuscous shade-spots with a few blackish scales around the apex and termen.
Others may have the abdomen background color red instead of black.
Proserpinus flavofasciata Walker, 1856 – yellow-banded day sphinx
Some sources indicate that the species is also present in New Zealand, either on the Kermadec Islands only, or on both the Kermadecs and the mainland.
The Euparagiinae are a small subfamily of rare wasps in the family Vespidae containing the single genus Euparagia.
Mesenochroa is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
They are closely related to the Lepidoptera which have scales on their wings; the two orders together form the superorder Amphiesmenoptera.
This moth spends winter as chrysalid in the soil.
The wingspan is about 11 mm for males and 13–16 mm for females.
This may vary in other parts of the range.
Schistophila is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
In the absence of Lilium and Fritillaria species, there are fewer eggs laid and the survival rate of eggs and larvae is reduced.
Today, carmine is primarily used as a colorant in food and in lipstick.
The sting can cause a severe burning sensation and swelling in humans; in rare cases, it can cause a life-threatening reaction.
Euzeugapteryx is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
It is endemic to the United States.
The larvae can reach one inch in length, and the adult fly is about 0.8 inch.
Its natural habitat is along rivers, which are threatened by pollution.
Empalactis is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
Common names include little skimmer and Abbott's skimmer
It is characterized by hook-shaped markings along the center of its abdomen.
Trithemis donaldsoni is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae.
They are blood-feeding parasites of the mule deer - Odocoileus hemionus, the white-tailed deer - Odocoileus virginianus & The Pronghorn - Antilocapra americana.
The Thyatirinae are a subfamily of moth family Drepanidae with about 200 species described.
On September 27, 2007, Philippines' Metro Manila and 26 provinces were quarantined due to having been infested with this pest.
The single species is endemic to the Afrotropics.
The forewings are pale greyish-ochreous, somewhat speckled fuscous.
The forewings are grey, covered with minute black striae edged with light brown.
The species of this genus are endemic to the Afrotropical realm.
Chlorolestes umbratus Selys, 1862 - White Malachite
The Phasmatidae contain some of the largest insects in existence.
There is also a dark fuscous marginal line around the apex and termen.
The larvae and adults also consume fly larvae and the larvae of other carrion beetles that compete for the same food sources as its larvae.
is a kind of cricket native to Asia.
Pennisetia hylaeiformis, the raspberry clearwing, is a moth of the family Sesiidae.
The genus was first described by the English entomologist Adrian C. Pont in 1977.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and rivers.
This prairie-specialist butterfly has a characteristic deep orange color and unmistakable dark hindwings with two bands of spots.
Africallagma is a genus of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae.
Erikssonella is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
The species can be found in British Columbia.
The forewings have a black and white spot at the base, a dark brown spot near the tornus and one or two at the costa.
It is found in southern North America and northern South America.
Others are scavengers in such places as birds' nests; yet other species are leaf miners; the family also includes inquilines, commensals, and parasitic larvae.
Harpalobrachys leiroides is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Harpalobrachys.
It ranges from Utah, Nevada, California, Arizona, New Mexico, Texas and south into Mexico.
Typically, the adult is green or yellow with reddish lines and brownish markings.
Dactylethrella is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
It is widely distributed in the UK.
Enallagma truncatum is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae.
It used to include Melitaea telona, recently revalidated as a distinct cryptic species.
It contains the single species Zigira quadrata, which is found in Colombia.
Formicoxenus chamberlini is a species of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae.
The male has brilliantly-colored wings that give it its name.
It has been discovered from southern Costa Rica throughout tropical South America, the West Indies, and on the Galapagos Islands.
Some of these are placed in Glyptobothrus by other authors.
The family includes the largest butterflies in the world, the birdwing butterflies of the genus Ornithoptera.
In the North the expansion extends to Fennoscandia, in the South to Italy and the Balkans.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist shrubland, and shrub-dominated wetlands.
It was classified by Johann Friedrich von Eschscholtz in the early 19th century.
Paramantis is a genus of praying mantises that includes these species:
Scythrididae adults are smallish to mid-sized moths, which when at rest appear teardrop-shaped.
Rhagionidae or snipe flies are a small family of flies.
Generations can be continual in warmer climates, recurring at least twice a year.
When ready to pupate, the larvae typically cut an exit hole, then return to their feeding chamber.
Parachrysina truquii is a beetle of the Family Scarabaeidae.
The larva feeds internally on the stems of various grasses including Calamagrostis and Dactylis, .
Extreme modification of mandibles is rare, except in the genera Myrmoteras and Polyergus.
More than 12,500 of an estimated total of 22,000 species have been classified.
The extinct genus Electropodagrion was described from a fossil in Baltic amber in 2008 and placed into the family, with no subfamily designation.
Anthocharis julia – southern Rocky Mountain orangetip
It is found in Botswana, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Kenya, Madagascar, Malawi, Mozambique, Namibia, South Africa, Sudan, Tanzania, Uganda, Zambia, and possibly Burundi.
Adults feed on juices of rotting fruit.
There is a small sub-basal blackish dot beneath the costa.
Coscinocera hercules is a moth of the family Saturniidae, endemic to New Guinea and northern Australia.
Formica pratensis, the black-backed meadow ant, is a species of European red wood ant in the family Formicidae.
Aleochara wrightii, named after Jane Wright, the entomologist who discovered it
Troides criton, the Criton birdwing, is a birdwing butterfly found on the islands of Morotai, Halmahera, Bacan, Ternate and Obi in Indonesia.
A parasitical infestation of T. penetrans is called tungiasis.
Their shape is oblong to oval, with a generally flat abdomen.
The Blastobasidae are a family of moths in the superfamily Gelechioidea.
Cosmardia is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
Eliotia is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.It is a synonym of Rachana since Eliotia is preoccupied
The sexes are similar in appearance, though the female lacks the male's tymbals and sac-like covers.
Loepa katinka, the golden emperor moth, is a species of moth belonging to the Loepa genus found in the Saturniidae family.
Orthetrum abbotti is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae.
The adult females of many groups dig tunnels in the ground for nesting, but others use different techniques, including the construction of tube-like mud nests.
Ochlodes amurensis Mabille 1909 Amur Oblast – may be forma of Ochlodes venata
It contains the single species Abnormipterus abnormis.
Dolichodynerus is a nearctic genus of potter wasps.
Huberia brounii is a species of ant in the genus Huberia, endemic to New Zealand.
The forewings are gray with distinct dark spots and the plain hindwings are fringed with long gray hairs.
Faunis canens, the common faun, is a butterfly from South and South East Asia that belongs to the Morphinae, a subfamily of the brush-footed butterflies.
In August the larvae feed on Oak, Birch and several other deciduous trees.
Adults are edible to birds and some species are mimics.
However, efforts are continuing to boost the population, which in 2013 numbered 365 beetles: one beetle for each day in a regular year.
Later on in life the larvae develop hairs mimicking spines and a crown made of four horns at the back of their head.
They also pose a threat to animals and livestock, capable of inflicting serious injury or killing them, especially weak or sick animals.
The flightless female resembles a curled dead leaf and weighs twice as much as the male.
The male inserts the point of his abdomen through the neck of the bag and inseminates her.
The species has a wingspan of 21–24 mm.
Larvae feed on Lonicera and Weigela horstensis.
They are commonly called sailer butterflies or sailers, or more precisely typical sailers to distinguish them from the related blue sailer.
Nymphalis vaualbum or N. l-album, the Compton tortoiseshell, or false comma, is a species of butterfly in the family Nymphalidae.
It is distributed throughout the south of Canada and the United States down to Florida and Texas.
The Calliphorinae are a subfamily of the blow flies family Calliphoridae.
It is distributed throughout Europe, although it is not present in southern Spain and Greece, as well as northern Fennoscandia.
Janthecla is a Neotropical genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
It is similar to Eumorpha triangulum, but the forewing upperside pattern is less contrasting and variegated.
The shoulder marking touches or nearly touches the middle band.
It is found in Australia, more specifically Tasmania, New South Wales and Victoria.
The potential predators will have difficulties in seeing the dormant butterflies.
It was originally described as Asilus aestuans in Carl Linnaeus' 1763 work Centuria Insectorum.
The larvae feed on several host plants, including Calathea latifolia, Heychium sp., Heliconia latispatha, and Musa spp..
For most species this means the horns and hooves of ungulates but the North American C. vicinella feeds on the shells of the tortoise Gopherus polyphemus.
Schistophleps is a genus of moths in the family Erebidae.
Pseudocaeciliidae is a family of Psocoptera belonging to the suborder Psocomorpha.
However, other than being a nuisance, they are not considered harmful.
Celastrina albocoeruleus, the albocerulean, is a small butterfly found in India that belongs to the lycaenids or blues family.
It is the only species in its genus.
This moth flies at night in July and August [1] and is attracted to light and sugar.
The subfamily Vespinae contains the largest and best-known eusocial wasps, including true hornets, and the "yellowjackets".
To attract females, the male emits a scent rather similar to pineapple.
Most have black ventral scopae which are difficult to notice unless laden with pollen.
Pyrausta nigrata is a species of moth of the family Crambidae.
The larvae feed on Castanea sativa, Quercus macranthera, Quercus petraea, Quercus pontica, Quercus pubescens and Quercus robur.
The species eats velvet beans, peanut, soybeans, cotton, kudzu, alfalfa, cowpeas, horse beans, snap beans, lima beans, and coffeeweeds.
Mnesampela lenaea is a moth of the Geometridae family.
It is found in Kenya, Malawi, Mozambique, South Africa, Tanzania, and Zimbabwe.
The genus was described by Max Gaede in 1926, and 8 species were described from between 1854 and 1931.
The beetle has been used as a biological control of alligator weed in New Zealand.
Amantis saussurei is a species of praying mantis native to India.
Hemisaga elongata is a species of insect in family Tettigoniidae.
During the autumn and winter months, Pollenia rudis can be found overwintering inside of attics or lofts.
Line on hindwing continued nearly to the costal margin, straighter than in marginepurpuraria, which also shows this peculiarity."
Of the two, only the Colorado potato beetle is a serious pest.
Cryptolestes is a genus of beetles in the family Laemophloeidae.
Colonies tend to be monogynous - founded by a single queen alone.
Epigomphus houghtoni Brooks, 1989 - Limón Knobtail
There is a slender irregular dark fuscous terminal fascia, irregularly expanded in the middle.
Scotopteryx chenopodiata, the shaded broad-bar, is a moth of the family Geometridae.
It contains the single species Sauritinia dubiosa, which is found in French Guiana.
Eicochrysops is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
It was described by Esper in 1787.
There is a brown marginal band on the forewing underside.
Papilio is a genus in the swallowtail butterfly family, Papilionidae, as well as the only representative of the tribe Papilionini.
Species of Hemicordulia are small to medium-sized dragonflies, coloured black or metallic, with yellow.
Eusthenia nothofagi is a species of stonefly in the family Eustheniidae.
Zerynthia polyxena, the southern festoon, is a striking butterfly belonging to the family Papilionidae of butterflies.
Troides vandepolli, the van de Poll's birdwing, is a montane birdwing butterfly occurring on Java and Sumatra.
The Gallo's Anomalous Blue is a species of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family.
The Queen of Spain fritillary is a butterfly of the family Nymphalidae.
Euchloe ausonides, the large marble or creamy marblewing, is a species of butterfly that occurs in North America.
As the hydrilla is eliminated native plants can move in to repopulate the area.
Geridixis is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
The underside of the hindwing ranges from grey to brown and consists of darker markings.
There are about fifty species of adelgids known.
In the Paleogene, they were found at least in North America and Europe also, occurring perhaps across the entire Northern Hemisphere.
It contains the species Drepanoterma lacticaudellum, which is found in the West Indies, where it has been recorded from Grenada.
No premandible is present on the lower surface of the labrum.
The Platystomatidae are a distinctive family of flies.
The Ulidiidae are a large and diverse cosmopolitan family of flies, and as in related families, most species are herbivorous or saprophagous.
It is also called the "Rasberry crazy ant" in Texas after the exterminator Tom Rasberry, who noticed that the ants were increasing in numbers in 2002.
^ Martin Schorr; Martin Lindeboom; Dennis Paulson.
It is found in the Palearctic ecozone
Others feed on animal detritus such as carrion and feces.
Aphaeninae contain a number of well-sized fulgorids.
Epigomphus westfalli Donnelly, 1986 - Westfall's Knobtail
These dead specimens have been described thus:
Prostomeus is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
Parazyxomma is a genus of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae.
Adults fly in May–June in the north, but have several generations in the south.
Trogids range in length from 2.5 to 20.0 mm.
The order has also been referred to as Embiodea or Embiidina.
It is found throughout Europe and the Near East, but is rather uncommon and locally distributed, mainly due to its very specific larval food plant.
The coxcomb prominent is a moth of the family Notodontidae.
Naarda fuscicosta is a type of moth in the Noctuidae family.
Female earwigs may care for their eggs, and even after they have hatched as nymphs will continue to watch over offspring until their second molt.
The species of this genus are found in the Australasian ecozone.
The Barred Hook-tip is a moth of the family Drepanidae.
Schizovalva is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
The Swan Coastal Plain has undergone agricultural and suburban development which has reduced the range and threatens the species with extinction.
Most of the species are predominantly green coloured and the males have a moderately clubbed tail.
The males also have three "thorns" at their abdominal apex which they use as weapons when defending their territory.
Most of the Ochteridae inhabit the edges of ponds and other still waters.
Platycypha auripes is a species of damselfly in the family Chlorocyphidae.
Oxyophthalmellus rehni is a species of praying mantis found in Kenya and Somalia.
It is found in Mexico and the United States.
It contains the single species Dicterias atrosanguinea, which is known commonly as the red bareleg.
The adults fly in one generation from late May to early July [1].
Molecular studies suggest it is the sister species of P. acco.
The 3 species in Europe are suspected to be introductions.
Syrphus ribesii is a very common Holarctic species of hoverfly.
Mecodema is a genus of ground beetle in the family Carabidae.
The larvae feed on various herbaceous plants such as Pulicaria dysenterica and wolfberry.
Parnassius autocrator is a species of butterfly in the family Papilionidae.
This species has a wingspan of 32–48 mm.
The larvae feed on flowers and seeds of Asteraceae species, especially Lactuca species.
Porthecla is a Neotropical genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
Iolaus aphnaeoides, the yellow-banded sapphire, is a species of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family.
It is found in France and Spain.
Acanthametropus is a genus of insect in family Siphlonuridae.
The only other known populations occur at small sites in northern Michigan, northeastern Illinois, and recently discovered sites in Missouri and Ontario.
The Cosmopterigidae are a family of insects in the Lepidoptera order.
It is found in Australia, including Tasmania.
The butterfly flies from June to August depending on the location.
Lyriothemis is a genus of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae and belong to the suborder Anisoptera, found in southeastern Asia.
Flight time ranges from the end of June to October.
The Siphonaptera are most closely related to the snow scorpionflies, placing them within the endopterygote insect order Mecoptera.
Its range once extended into Oregon and Washington, but it has been extirpated from these states by the installation of dams on the Columbia River.
Studies show [1] that they are most active around sunset and the hours immediately after.
Exilisia is a genus of moths in the family Erebidae.
It is found in Canada and the United States.
In the US alone, there are 76 spp.
It is found in Southeast Asia and South Asia.
They have evolved the ability to have many reproductives in their colony, up to a hundred, which allows very large colonies.
The wingspan is 20–22 mm and the forewings are brown marked with pale radial lines and a black discal spot.
Platyphalla is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
Damage to foliage, flowers, and various crops is commonly blamed on earwigs, especially the common earwig Forficula auricularia.
Asythosia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
They are largely arboreal, sheltering under the bark of trees, beneath the crooks of branches, and within bushes during the day.
Like the other tiger swallowtails, the western tiger swallowtail was formerly classified in genus Pterourus, but modern classifications all agree in placing them within Papilio.
It has pale brown forewings marked with six dark fascia although some of these can be indistinct.
It is used as an agent of biological pest control against the noxious weed yellow starthistle in the United States.
Like M. bidentatum it was first described from Valdivia, Chile.
It was recently recorded in the Maltese Islands in 2003 and was recorded breeding on the island of Gozo in 2004.
The Xerces blue is believed to be the first American butterfly species to become extinct as a result of loss of habitat caused by urban development.
Philobota stella is a moth of the Oecophoridae family.
The beetle is flightless and has parasitic young that depend on solitary nesting bees for survival, raising the question of how it arrived on the island.
Adults emerge when the soil begins to dry and cracks develop.
The Brachycera are a suborder of the order Diptera.
Schayera is a grasshopper genus in the family Acrididae.
Delia radicum, known variously as the cabbage fly, cabbage root fly, root fly or turnip fly, is a pest of crops.
It is variable in color from reddish-brown with black spots through gold, and it is often metallic, earning it the nickname "goldbug".
It is endemic to the coastal regions of Israel.
The species is widely distributed across the Americas with the exception of northern Canada and Alaska.
Odontotaenius striatopunctatus is a beetle of the Family Passalidae.
The Australian plague locust is a native Australian insect in the family Acrididae, and a significant agricultural pest.
Prosotas dubiosa small purple lineblue, tailess lineblue
The subfamily Aphaeninae is a group of hemipteran insects, especially abundant and diverse in the tropics.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical mangrove forests and intertidal flats.
moldavinata Carad.it is much darker and more unicoloruus, the hindwing also darkened.
Posteriorly, Mendes and Andersen described two additional species, Q. copa and Q. thai, from Malaysia and Thailand respectively.
Thestor rossouwi, the Rossouw's skolly, is a species of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family.
It is found in Southern France, Austria, Albania, Portugal, Italy, Greece, Corsica, Sicily, Crete, North Africa, Anatolia, Afghanistan and Kashmir.
The Peltoperlidae are classified as in the feeding group shredders-detritivores.
Taxonomists' opinions differ as to the correct placement of the Crambidae, some authorities treating them as a subfamily of the family Pyralidae.
It is native to eastern North America, where it ranges from Ontario and New Hampshire south into Florida and New Mexico.
The moth flies from May to September depending on the location.
The larvae are fusiform, with a wide thorax and a narrowing abdomen.
It is of interest as an indicator of the health of these bogs, as it will disappear if the bog deteriorates.
Aethiothemis mediofasciata Ris, 1931 – orange flasher
The hindwings are grey with a black streak near the inner margin and one or two black spots near the tornus.
Apotistatus is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
Kotochalia junodi is indigenous to Southern Africa, where it originally fed on indigenous relatives of the wattle.
Satyrium acaciae, the sloe hairstreak, is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
The relationships of this family within the group Apoditrysia[1] are currently uncertain.
They are mainly predatory flies like most of their relatives, and generally small to medium-sized, long-legged and large-eyed.
It is about 15–16 mm in length with a broad body.
Pseudodrephalys atinas is butterfly that is commonly found in south east Peru.
The fly is scientifically notable for the physiology of its polytene chromosomes and developmentally regulated amplified puffs, first observed by Crodowaldo Pavan.
The length of the forewings is 17–19 mm.
Of Palaearctic origin, it was first found in North America in 1973 when it was accidentally introduced.
The Beautiful Arches is a moth of the family Noctuidae.
The moth flies from July to September mainly at night and is attracted to bright lights.
Although considered valid in most modern sources, it is sometimes listed as a synonym of Ephysteris.
The H. ismenius are more commonly called the tiger-striped long wing butterfly.
They have two ocelli on the top of their heads.
Larval host plants in Europe are Eryngium, Lotus, Coronilla, Medicago, Hippocrepis etc.
Aloeides nollothi, the Nolloth's copper, is a species of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
Capila pieridoides, the white dawnfly, is a species of hesperid butterfly found in India and Southeast Asia.
The Scarce Chaser is a species of dragonfly.
It lived on Lānaʻi, and possibly on Oʻahu.
Prominent sexual dimorphism, bright aposematic coloration and mimicry complexes are widespread.
The length of the forewings is 14–16 mm.
The South African population on the Waterberg is now treated as Erikssonia edgei.
E. zestos inaguarum Clench & Bjorndal, 1980 Bahamas
The length of the forewings is 6–10 mm.
Trithemis congolica Pinhey, 1970 – Congo dropwing
Ptox is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
Papilio canadensis, the Canadian tiger swallowtail, is a species of butterfly in the family Papilionidae.
Heliura is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
The male is brownish gray with a stripe down its back, and both sexes have femora with red undersides.
The winged species of the tribe have the eyes contiguous beneath the head, which makes them "Cyclops"-like.
The typical genus, Kermes, includes the kermes scale insects, from which a red dye, also called kermes, is obtained.
Cyclorrhapha is an unranked taxon within the infraorder Muscomorpha.
Plebejus idas, the Idas blue or northern blue, is a butterfly of the family Lycaenidae.
It has an obligate mutualism with Ficus rubiginosa, the fig species it pollinates.
Eumeta crameri is a bagworm moth of the family Psychidae.
The moth flies from May to June depending on the location.
It is present from the coast to western Montana and Wyoming to northern New Mexico.
Oxypilinae is a subfamily of the mantis family Hymenopodidae.
Its natural habitats are shrub-dominated wetlands, swamps, freshwater marshes, and intermittent freshwater marshes.
The moths flies from April to August depending on the location.
Pseudopompilia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
It belongs to subfamily Argyresthiinae, which is sometimes elevated to full family rank in the superfamily Yponomeutoidea.
It also has distinctive wide forked yellow claspers shaped like cow horns and a large sloped bridge between the eyes.
The forewing has a black cell spot and three white spots near the pale brown marginal area.
It is native to the United States.
Coenonympha oedippus, the false ringlet, is a species of butterfly in the subfamily Satyridae.
It is found in Azerbaijan, Georgia, and Turkey.
A strictly coastal species, it is found in Europe and Morocco in areas close to the shore.
They are large-bodied and rather nondescript Ennominae, overall showing many similarities to the closely related Azelinini and Nacophorini.
Liogorytes in South America and Exeirus in Australia.
The marbled ringlet is a member of the Satyrinae subfamily of the Nymphalidae family.
The insects are known to frequently inhabit Nuytsia farms in Western Australia.
It is lacking on most of the Greek Islands.
There is also a narrow ochreous-orange spot along the costa about three-fourths and a group of a few pale ochreous scales above the tornus.
Their most distinguishing characteristic is reduced antenna segmentation.
Eupithecia tripunctaria, the white-spotted pug, is a moth of the family Geometridae.
The caterpillars feed on common gromwell and Pulmonaria officinalis.
About 10 species are in the Blaberus genus, and they are popular among hobbyists as feed for other arthropods or as pets.
The Swainson's crow is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae subfamily.
The adult beetles can be identified via a black band across the end of both elytra, or wing covers.
Mythimna pudorina, the striped wainscot, is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae.
This is an important detail in regard to their control in horticultural circumstances where glues are used to control climbing pests.
Monomorium effractor is a species of ant i the genus Monomorium.
It is found in most Australia and New Guinea.
The following species are classified under this genus:
Rapala cassidyi, the Cassidy's flash is a lycaenid butterfly found in Sulawesi.
The Prodoxidae are a family of moths, generally small in size and nondescript in appearance.
The name is not universally accepted; it is also called Phygadeuontinae, Hemitelinae, and Cryptinae by various authorities.
Over 200 species have been described in the caves of ten states of the eastern United States.
Tasmanophlebi is a genus of insect in family Siphlonuridae.
It is a member of the snow Apollo genus of the swallowtail family.
It is endemic to the United States.
Exhyalanthrax is a small genus of bombyliid flies.
Haploa clymene is a moth of the tiger moth family - Arctiidae, subfamily Arctiinae.
The head, thorax and the firm part of the wings are extensively dimpled.
A single larva may feed on seven or eight of these sets of needles per day.
In South America, species may be referred to colloquially as marabunta or marimbondo, though these names can be generally applied to any very large stinging wasps.
They are inquilines in the colonies of other bumblebees.
Pycnodytis is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
Females are much larger than the males and are completely larviform.
Thyridopteryx is a genus of bagworm moth.
The forewing upperside is either with or without a dark cloud distal to discal cell.
The prothorax is much narrower than the base of the elytra on the abdomen.
They have no need to risk their lives sucking blood in adulthood, having already accumulated the necessary materials for oogenesis and vitellogenesis.
Neophemula is a genus of moths in the family Erebidae.
It is found only in forests in Jamaica and is under significant pressure from habitat loss and potentially also from collecting.
Deinacrida fallai or Poor Knights giant weta is a species of insect in family Anostostomatidae.
It is among the larger species in the genus with a wingspan of 20–24 mm.
Phlebotomus is a genus of "sand flies" in the Diptera family Psychodidae.
The species' common names are hairy-necked tiger beetle and moustached tiger beetle.
It is native to Southeast Asia, but is regularly kept in butterfly houses around the world.
Characteristics include partial to complete division of the eyes by a canthus, geniculate antennae, and distinctly separated coxae.
There is also a pre-marginal series of small dark fuscous marks along the termen.
It contains only one species, Argyrolacia bifida, which is found in North America, where it has been recorded from California.
The family comprises two extant species in two genera, found in Central America.
Eggs that are not kept damp in this way fail to hatch.
It is endemic to Sri Lanka, where it is distributed across the central and southern parts of the island.
Dioryctria abietella is a moth of the family Pyralidae.
This species is a decomposer feeding on carcasses of small dead animals.
The abdomen is black or olive-green above and yellow below, there is a broad yellow band.
The Cerambyx cerdo, commonly known as great capricorn beetle, is a species of beetle in family Cerambycidae.
Polyergus obtains its Formica work force by stealing pupae from nearby Formica colonies and carrying them back to its own nest.
spend most of their 13- and 17-year lives underground feeding on xylem fluids from the roots of deciduous forest trees in the eastern United States.
Amantis wuzhishana is a species of praying mantis native to China that was undiscovered until the 21st Century.
Pentalobus barbatus is a beetle of the Family Passalidae.
Belohina inexpectata is a species of polyphagan beetles and the sole member of family Belohinidae.
Mellininae is a very small subfamily of wasps, comprising only 17 described species in two genera.
The larvae live in unpolluted, standing fresh waters, just beneath the surface film, usually amongst marginal aquatic vegetation .
The European paper wasp is one of the most common and well-known species of social wasps in the genus Polistes.
Thauria lathyi, the jungleking, is a butterfly found in South Asia that belongs to the Morphinae subfamily of the brush-footed butterflies family.
Ground colour of the forewings of usually lighter colour of the hindwings usually slightly darker grey.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
The development of most species takes two years.
Allomerus decemarticulatus is an Amazonian ant species found in the tropics of South America.
They are omnivores and eat dead mammals, arthropods, insects, seeds, and sweet substances such as honeydew from hemipteran insects with whom they have developed relationships.
Its scientific name is derived from "tinea", a generic term for micromoths, and the Latin term for a furrier, pellionellus.
Pseudagrion melanicterum, the black-and-yellow sprite, is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae.
The two other superorders of the Polyneoptera are the Plecopterida, which represents the orders Plecoptera, Emboidea, and Zoraptera, and the Dictyoptera, which represents Blattodea, and Mantodea.
They are especially diverse in the tropics.
^ Dujardin, Jean-Pierre; Schofield, Christopher John; Panzera, Francisco.
They are found on practically every land area outside permanently arid deserts and the frigid zones.
Idaea deversaria is a moth of the family Geometridae.
It is found in Cameroon, the Republic of the Congo, Ivory Coast, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Liberia, Malawi, Mozambique, Nigeria, Uganda, Zambia, Zimbabwe, and possibly Tanzania.
Most species have very distinctive eye marking in the form of spots or banding, though these features may fade on some preserved specimens.
Chrysomantis is a genus of praying mantis in the family Hymenopodidae.
Sideridis reticulata, the bordered Gothic, is a moth of the family Noctuidae.
Among these, it is assigned to tribe Gnorimoschemini of the subfamily Gelechiinae.
They are green with brown hairs and a narrow red dorsal line edged in white and purple.
The butterfly is found in different regions of India, specially the Western Ghats, Sikkim to Assam, Myanmar, Thailand, West Malaysia, Sumatra, Borneo, Java and the Philippines.
Barsinella is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family.
Pheidole inquilina is a species of ants in the genus Pheidole.
It is known from the Northern Territory, Western Australia and Queensland.
Zizeeria knysna, the dark grass blue or African grass blue, is a species of blue butterfly found in Africa, on Cyprus and the Iberian Peninsula.
It is found in China, Russia, Japan, the Korean Peninsula and from Central Asia to Europe.
The butterfly flies from March to July depending on the location.
Phyllomacromia monoceros is a species of dragonfly in the family Corduliidae.
Bradinopyga is a genus of dragonflies in the family Libellulidae.
A few scattered black scales are found above and below this.
Amorphoscelis tigrina is a species of praying mantis found in Benin, Burkina Faso, Guinea, Cameroon, Nigeria, and Senegal.
Dermolepida albohirtum, the cane beetle, is a native Australian beetle and a pest of the sugar cane.
Most species are found in Africa with three found in Asia and one, C. vicinella, found in the southeastern United States.
Emmetrophysis is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
The forewings are dark fuscous, very closely strewn with very elongate whitish scales.
Bombyx is the genus of true silkmoths or mulberry silkmoths of the family Bombycidae.
It lives in North Carolina, Florida, Mississippi, Louisiana, and South Texas.
Among the Fanniidae, this species is the one most frequently associated with myiasis.
It breeds in marshes, well vegetated ponds, lakes and rice fields.
The common name of the species is Pennsylvania ground beetle.
It is found in Hungary and Romania.
It belongs to the Morphinae, a subfamily of the brush-footed butterflies.
Waxworms are medium-white caterpillars with black-tipped feet and small, black or brown heads.
Idaea fuscovenosa, the dwarf cream wave, is a moth of the family Geometridae.
When mature in mid-August, the larva wraps silk around a branch, hangs from it, and pupates head down.
Previously, it was also found north of Cape Town.
After a close examination included chromosome mapping, they reported:
Pyrgus ruralis lagunae, the Laguna Mountains skipper, is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family.
Nuptial flight occurs during the warm seasons, and the alates may mate for as long as 30 minutes.
Exopterygota develop wings on the outside of their bodies without going through a true pupal stage, though a few have something resembling a pupa.
The Pseudopomyzidae are minute to small, dark coloured acalyptrate flies.
Omorgus inflatus is a beetle of the family Trogidae.
Incurvaria oehlmanniella is a moth of the family Incurvariidae.
The chorus cicada, Amphipsalta zelandica, is the most common species of cicada in New Zealand where it is endemic and found in most areas.
Pteroodes is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
In the east the range extends to the Amur region and Japan.
Mating typically occurs on her visits to the nest.
Pliniola is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
It feeds on many trees and shrubs.
Pseudochliaria is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
The Chioneinae are a subfamily of limoniid crane flies.
The genus distributed from south Burma to Sundaland, the Philippines and Sulawesi.
The larvae feed on Alder, Oak and Birch.
Idaea costaria has a creamy-white patch between the antennae, whereas I. inversata is dark reddish throughout this area.
It is found mainly in Central and Southern Europe, but has been spotted further north.
Incurvarioidea is a superfamily of primitive monotrysian moths in the order Lepidoptera which consists of Leafcutters, yucca moths and relatives.
Drepanoterma is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
They are one of the largest animal families, with 5,489 genera and 86,100 species described worldwide.
Species found in Southern California are larger than most mosquitoes species, specifically Cs.
It is found in Europe, Anatolia and further east across the Palearctic to southern Siberia and the Amur basin to China.
Leptothorax faberi is a species of ant in the genus Leptothorax.
These had been collected near Honolulu in the 19th century.
The species closely resembles the European Emmelina monodactyla.
It is found in Europe, through Siberia to East Asia.
During hibernation, hidden in various shelters, the butterflies are dormant.
Oedemera is a genus of beetles belonging to the family Oedemeridae subfamily Oedemerinae.
This moth was endemic to Laysan Island, one of the Outlying Hawaiian Islands, United States.
It is found in Uganda and possibly Cameroon.
It measures 7.7–10.5 mm in length and has a characteristic bright metallic green colouration.
It contains the species Pavolechia argentea, which is found in Panama and Guyana.
Taxeotis stereospila is a species of moth of the family Geometridae.
B. mellifica is one of few wasp species that produces honey.
They do however, have a level of resilience and are able to survive for some time in grassland such as Deschampsia flexuosa.
It is now established in parts of the western United States.
The species name is after the type locality, Bangalore, where the ant was discovered in 2006.
The genus is monotypic, with the only species endemic to Sri Lanka, where it is known from just a few locations.
This part of the body is bent back towards the anterior end, covering the rest of its body.
The larvae of Cordylobia are parasitic on mammals, especially rodents.
It is distributed throughout Europe to the Urals, then east across the Palearctic to Siberia.
These small moths are leaf-miners  in the caterpillar stage, feeding mainly on Fagaceae, Asteraceae and Malvaceae, and some also on Rhamnaceae, Tiliaceae and Rosaceae.
The larvae feed on Erica cinerea and Erica tetralix.
The meat ant, also known as the gravel ant or southern meat ant, is a species of ant endemic to Australia.
The larvae feed on Fagus sylvatica, oak, Prunus spinosa and bilberry.
Amantis nawai are parthenogenetic, and males are uncommonly seen.
It is found in Central Greece, the Near East and the Caucasus area.
The white admiral feeds on bramble blossom and honeydew and the female will lay its eggs singly on wisps of honeysuckle growing in dense woodland.
Paraethria is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
Haplochela is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
The genus is divided into two subgenera and contains the following species:
The species of this genus are endemic to the Afrotropical realm.
It is a species of northern and central Europe.
Some species can roll themselves up into an almost complete sphere, similar to pillbugs.
Sibirarctia is a genus of tiger moths in the Erebidae family.
Temnothorax kutteri is a species of ant in the genus Temnothorax.
P. stenosemus was originally described as a subspecies of P. delphius and has also been regarded as conspecific with P. stoliczkanus.
Enallagma recurvatum, the pale barrens bluet, is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae.
A few species are exceptional among bees in that they are parthenogenetic, reproducing without males.
Species of Austrocordulia are medium-sized, dark-coloured dragonflies, either brown or black with yellow markings.
Due to the variable appearance of H. thysbe, it has often been mistakenly described as multiple distinct species.
In equidae, third-stage larvae attach to the stomach, but also to rectum, sometimes in great numbers.
The green median band on the hindwing does not reach the costa.
It is among the very few species of flies capable of crushing pollen grains and feeding on them.
Marsypophora is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
It is a federally designated endangered species.
The Nacophorini and perhaps the Campaeini might need to be merged with the Lithinini, and all three might warrant merging into the Ennomini.
It is found in Belarus, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Kazakhstan, Latvia, Lithuania, Norway, Poland, Russia, Sweden, Switzerland, and Ukraine.
The species flies at night, in western Europe in June and July sometimes with a partial second brood emerges in late August and September.
Syneora euboliaria is a moth of the Geometridae family.
Structural characters derived from the genitalia, wing venation, sphragis and foretibial epiphysis are more, but not entirely reliable.
The major damage is caused by the adult ovipositing in the plant tissue.
The species has a wingspan of 20–22 mm.
The moth flies from May to July depending on the location.
The hindwings are pale grey or buff.
It is cold-intolerant and requires a warm, sub-tropical or tropical climate.
Arhopala ammon, the Malayan oakblue, is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Southeast Asia.
All the species are endemic to Chile except for P. pudu which also occurs in Argentina.
Their societies are among the most complex found in social insects.
It is not usually found at altitudes above 1500 m except in the Central Asian mountains where it is also known from higher altitudes.
The Aderidae, ant-like leaf beetles, are a family of beetles that bear some resemblance to ants.
It is found in most parts of Europe.
^ Clausnitzer, V.; Suhling, F. & Dijkstra, K.-D.B.. "Africallagma glaucum".
Buckleria negotiosus is a moth of the family Pterophoroidea that is found in South Africa.
Along with several other species, L. illustris is commonly referred to as the green bottle fly.
There are approximately 395 species in 40 genera in 5 subfamilies.
The species L. dospassosi was once included in L. dorcas.
Ameles assoi is a species of praying mantis native to Morocco, Tunisia, and Spain.
C. briseis can be found as far west as Morocco and as far eastward as Mongolia.
It is found in Europe including the British Isles but not the far North.
The species can be found in the Palearctic realm from the Iberian Peninsula in the west, central and eastern Europe and east to Siberia and Sakhalin.
Epigomphus clavatus Belle, 1980 - Guatemalan Knobtail
Exinotis is a genus of moth in the family Blastobasidae.
Stenopsocidae is a family of Psocoptera belonging to the suborder Psocomorpha, in the infraorder Caeciliusetae.
The moth flies from May to September depending on the location.
Like other heliconiids, females seek the new growth of passion flower vines on that to lay their small yellow eggs, in clusters of 10–50.
Pieris virginiensis – West Virginia white butterfly
Dacalana is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
limbaria Hbn.is a more extreme development, with the band reduced to a very small patch on the discocellulars.
The genus is Indomalayan (Burma through Indochina and the Philippines to Sumatra, Java and Borneo.
Callosamia promethea is a member of the family Saturniidae of moths.
Lonchoptera, a genus of spear-winged flies, are tiny to small, slender, yellow to brownish-black bristly Diptera.
Ops melastigma, the branded royal, is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia.
The species can be found in Central and North Europe, Urals, Caucasus, Altai and East Siberia.
Potanthus motzui Hsu & Li, 1990 - endemic to Taiwan
It is found in Malaysia, Indonesia, the Philippines, Nepal, north-eastern India, Thailand, south-western China and Vietnam.
This species is known as Miyama Stag Beetle(Deep Mountain Stag Beetle) in Japan.
Harpagoxenus zaisanicus is a species of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae.
The small Lepidopteran family Douglasiidae includes several species of moths whose adults are collectively called Douglas moths and whose larvae are leaf miners.
Cephalastor is a small neotropical genus of potter wasps currently containing 14 species.
The genus Centris contains circa 250 species of large apid bees occurring in the Neotropical and Nearctic regions, from Kansas to Argentina.
Meanwhile, the Cratomorphini could just be an assemblage of unrelated ancient Lampyrinae and altogether invalid as a tribe.
Bed bugs are not known to transmit any pathogens as disease vectors.
Omorgus fuliginosus is a beetle of the family Trogidae.
The length of the forewings is about 11 mm.
Its common name is the Cottonwood Stag Beetle.
Megachile sculpturalis, known as the giant resin bee, has a size between 1⁄2 and 1 in.
Paramischocyttarus is a small afrotropical and palearctic Zethus-like genus of potter wasps.
Hyposmocoma is a large and diverse genus of moths with 320-350 known species that have adapted to nearly every ecological niche on the Hawaiian Islands.
Termessa diplographa is a moth of the Arctiidae family.
Remelana was erected by Frederic Moore in 1884.
Lycomorpha is a genus of moth in the family Erebidae.
Gaeides is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
It is found in the northern two thirds of Australia.
The larvae hatch around the end of August.
The thistle tortoise beetle has been used as a biological control agent against Canada thistle.
Nepa cinerea is a species of water scorpion, found in Central Europe and the British Isles.
It lives in Australia and is found in Queensland and New South Wales.
It is covered is pale hairs, and has black setae on its lateral margins.
The butterflies fly in one generation from May to June.
Its common names include the maruca pod borer, bean pod borer, soybean pod borer, mung moth, and the legume pod borer.
The genus is endemic to southern Africa; furthermore, the range of only one species, Chlorolestes elegans, extends further north than north-eastern South Africa.
It is found in Ethiopia, Kenya, Malawi, Nigeria, South Africa, Tanzania, Uganda, and possibly Burundi.
It was endemic to Maui, Oahu, Molokai and Hawaii.
Anterior to this line are the vestiges of two or three other postmedian lines, either very thin and evenly curved or represented only by vein spots.
The larvae feed on Nardus stricta, Deschampsia cespitosa and Poa trivalis.
Historically, this was the only family in the order, and many references still use the term "mantid" to refer to any mantis.
It is found throughout Europe and East through the Palearctic to Japan, Mongolia.
The Gavarnie ringlet is a member of the Satyrinae subfamily of the Nymphalidae family.
This is one of the two largest subfamilies in the Acrididae.
This is believed to help in evading predators by causing confusion about head orientation.
It has an obligate mutualism with Ficus lilliputiana, the fig species it pollinates.
Ypthima ceylonica, the white fourring, is a species of Satyrinae butterfly found in Asia.
The Mutillidae are a family of more than 3,000 species of wasps whose wingless females resemble large, hairy ants.
Phthersigena centralis is a species of praying mantis endemic to Australia.
Anestia semiochrea is a moth of the Arctiidae family.
It is well distributed in Sikkim, Khasi hills and throughout India, Sri Lanka, Myanmar, and Hong Kong.
However, some members show considerable evolutionary advancement in behaviors such as slave-making and symbiosis with root-feeding hemipterans.
The larva feeds internally on the stems and roots of bracken, taking two years to reach full size, when it emerges to pupate in the ground.
It is the most common fly species found in habitations.
The colour of the front and hind wings is yellow to ochre brown.
Nyctosia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
It is a very variable species in terms of size and degree of development of the oblique lines of the forewing upperside.
Cordulegaster vanbrinkae is a species of dragonfly in the family Cordulegastridae.
Mirzakhania is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
Halpe honorei, the Madras ace, is a butterfly belonging to the family Hesperiidae found in India's Palni Hills and the Nilgiris mountains.
It can be found in North Korea and South Korea.
Also known as Giant Strong-nosed Stink Bug, the Alcaeorrhynchus grandis can be found through Brazil, Columbia, Mexico, and the southern United States.
Stenovalva is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
Compsomantis mindoroensis is a species of praying mantis that lives in the Philippines.
A black dot is found on the lower edge of this at one-fourth of the wing and one in the middle of the disc.
Publius agassizi is a beetle of the family Passalidae, named in honor of Louis Agassiz.
The hessian fly was described by Thomas Say in 1817.
This species and other Catocala moths have brightly coloured underwings, in this case orange, red, or pink.
It is endemic to the islands of Sumba in Indonesia.
As the plants grow, the remaining thin layers of tissue eventually dry up and fall away, leaving small "shot holes" in the foliage.
There are over 70 species in the genus, but more than 300 synonymous names have been applied to them.
It is dark brown to black in color with a lighter margin along the abdomen.
Brunneria subaptera, common name small-winged stick mantis, is a species of praying mantis found in Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Paraguay, and Venezuela.
Other possible reasons for its declines include pesticides, loss of habitat, competition from introduced species of bees, climate change, and the parasite Nosema bombi.
The lousefly spends its entire life cycle associated with swifts.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
They also occur in urban areas, where they are considered a household pest.
Like other social wasps, hornets build communal nests by chewing wood to make a papery pulp.
They are particularly common in the holarctic region, although several occur in the drier parts of the subtropics, including dozens in Australia.
In the continental area it is found only in salty places inland.
This species is extremely similar to the marbled minor and the tawny marbled minor and specific identification usually requires close study of the genitalia.
The Flores tiger is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae subfamily.
Their skin is thin, making them appear translucent.
Calada is a genus of moths of the family Hepialidae.
There is a small black discal spot.
It is a member of the snow Apollo genus of the swallowtail family.
Hans Schinz was the first scientist to document the process by which the Bushmen extract and use the poison.
McAlpine elevated the genus to family level.
The lesser false fritillary is a species of butterfly in the Danainae subfamily.
The scarce swallowtail is a butterfly belonging to the family Papilionidae.
Castalius is a butterfly genus in the family Lycaenidae.
It is found in both the Palearctic ecozone and the Nearctic ecozone.
^ The flight season refers to the British Isles.
Chloroselas is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
Although previously regarded as a relatively sedentary insect, it has been shown in molecular and ecological research to disperse considerable distances by flight.
However, mutillids are not aggressive and sting only in defense.
The larva feeds on Toddalia asiatica, Zanthoxylum ailanthoides, and Cinnamomum camphora.
It is found in Azerbaijan and Iran.
The larvae feed on Succisa pratensis, Linaria vulgaris, Weasel's snout and Knautia species.
The disease was spread by rodents such as the black rat, which were bitten by fleas that then infected humans.
However, sporadically it may also invade houses.
Stenelmis xylonastis Schmude and Barr in Schmude, Barr and Brown, 1992
Morpho amathonte is a Neotropical butterfly belonging to the Nymphalidae family, Morphinae subfamily.
The Trypetinae are a subfamily of tephritid fruit flies.
Recurvaria is a genus of moths in the family Gelechiidae.
They are currently considered the fifth group up on the comb of branching events in the extant lepidopteran phylogeny.
The larvae of most species feed on living plants either internally or externally as leaf rollers, leaf webbers leaf miners, borers, root feeders, and seed feeders.
It is found throughout the Palearctic ecozone from Ireland to Japan.
Cotalpa consobrina is a beetle of the Family Scarabaeidae.
Hypolycaena thecloides, the brown tit, is a small but striking butterfly found in India and South-East Asia that belongs to the lycaenids or blues family.
Adults as well as larvae are found in very soft decaying wood of broad-leaved trees, especially ash, beech and apple.
They are the world's heaviest species of cockroach and can weigh up to 35 g and measure up to 80 mm in length.
A small percentage are phytophagous and the larvae feed inside seeds, stems, and galls, including some that act as pollinators.
On 1 November 2010, the USDA-AHIS announced this moth was present in at least 13 U.S. states.
Cirrochroa thais, the Tamil yeoman, is a species of nymphalid butterfly found in forested areas of tropical South Asia and Southeast Asia.
Chretienella is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
The moth flies from May to September.[1].
The moth flies from July to September depending on the location.
Adults resemble dragonflies or damselflies and may reach up to 30 mm long, with a wingspan of 70 mm.
It is the type species of Blabophanes, today treated as a junior synonym of the genus Monopis.
It is often considered a pest due to the feeding activity of its caterpillars.
Their habitat extends from Maine to Georgia, and as far west as Kansas, with possible population crossover in Texas with their western cousin, the figeater beetle.
It is a widespread species of Europe, its distribution following that of its foodplant, bracken.
This could possibly hinder efforts to keep the weevil established, but further study is needed.
It is found in Europe, primarily in Central Europe and Southern Europe, near the Black Sea and the Caucasus.
Rifseria is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
The male has some bluish suffusion at the base of its upper wings but is mostly dark brown like the female.
Diastaltica is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
By mating with an increased number of males, female beetles obtain a greater amount of sperm.
The oriental cockroach, also known as the waterbug, is a large species of cockroach, adult males being 18–29 mm and adult females being 20–27 mm.
Lycaena hermes, the Hermes copper, is a species of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family.
Melipona is a genus of stingless bees, widespread in warm areas of the Neotropics, from Sinaloa and Tamaulipas to Tucumán and Misiones.
Cordulegaster sayi is a species of dragonfly in the family Cordulegastridae.
The moth flies from May to August depending on the location.
Helicoverpa punctigera, the native budworm or Australian bollworm, is a moth of the family Noctuidae.
Cigaritis syama, the club silverline, is a butterfly of the Lycaenidae family.
Junix elumbis is a species of damselfly in the family Protoneuridae.
It contains the single species Lacydoides tibetensis, which is found in Tibet.
Atoconeura biordinata is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae.
American vine species have evolved to have several natural defenses against phylloxera.
The larvae feed on Juniperus communis and Chamaecyparis.
The clouded border is a moth of the family Geometridae.
Like others in the family Nymphalidae, their front two legs are small and unused, effectively making them four legged.
The Scalloped Hook-tip is a moth of the family Drepanidae.
Hypocladia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
a winged adult emerges and flies in search of a suitable host, upon which fly sheds its wings and is permanently associated with the same host.
The Silver Y is a migratory moth of the family Noctuidae which is named for the silvery Y-shaped mark on each of its forewings.
Nesocordulia villiersi is a species of dragonfly in family Corduliidae.
outer half of the wing indicated by narrow, yellow lines.
Hylobius abietis or the large pine weevil is a beetle belonging to Curculionidae family.
The Gulf fritillary or passion butterfly is a bright orange butterfly of the family Nymphalidae and subfamily Heliconiinae.
This species is a true springtime butterfly, being on the wing from April to May.
Padenodes is a genus of moths in the family Erebidae.
It is found from Central Europe to Japan.
As Phengaris is the older name, it thus replaces Maculinea.
It is New Zealand's largest moth, with a wingspan of up to 150 mm.
The male of the species is blue and black in color.
Crypsimaga is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
They are often colourful and metallic, with the ability to change the colour which is present in the living tissue below the translucent cuticle.
It contains the single species Achroosia nuda, which is found in Brazil.
The females are larger than the males.
Species of Lathrocordulia are medium-sized, bronze to black dragonflies without pale markings,
The larvae feed on a wide range of dried plant matter such as dead leaves and birds' nests.
The Webbing Moth is a moth of the Oecophoridae family.
While native to Europe, it has been introduced to and is expanding its range throughout North America.
The species was first described and documented in 1852.
It was first introduced to the United States as a biocontrol agent in 1992.
Panagaeus cruxmajor, the crucifix ground beetle, is a rare European ground beetle.
Mimas tiliae, the lime hawk-moth, is a moth of the family Sphingidae.
Thoressa is a genus of skipper butterflies.
Agriocnemis sania is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae.
These beetles make tunnels in the wood; inside the galleries, the beetles will mate, lay eggs, and raise their young.
It is found in temperate belt of the Palearctic ecozone like similar Spilosoma lubricipedum, but prefer more dry biotopes.
They will bite humans, domestic and wild animals and birds.
It is found in China, Russia and Europe.
Bombus flavidus is a species of cuckoo bumblebee found in Austria, Finland, France, Germany, Italy, Poland, Slovenia, Spain, and Switzerland.
It is native to the southern half of Africa, where it is widespread from Angola to Mozambique.
Most frass is deposited in the oldest upper part of the mine.
Lichenaula onychodes is a moth of the Xyloryctidae family.
Belt's book in fact described ants of this species, then unknown.
The insect itself is 3–4 millimetres long and was encased in a piece of amber 40 to 50 million years ago.
It contains the single species Hassleria majas, which is found in Paraguay.
The species can be found in Central Europe, Southern Europe, North Africa, Anatolia and the Caucasus.
This species has been noted at only three locations.
Adults are on wing through most of the summer months, having been recorded from October to April, with a peak in activity from January to March.
A. intermedius requires floral proteins in its diet in addition to its regular prey of thrips larvae to breed successfully.
Asiagomphus motuoensis Liu & Chao in Chao, 1990
The inchman is the most venomous of the bulldog ants, ranging from about 15 to 25 mm long, but less aggressive than the Jack jumper ant.
There are over 130 known Sphex species.
One bagworm species, the fangalabola of Madagascar, is in some places encouraged to breed on wattle trees, because its pupae are collected as a protein-rich food.
Its specific name is often spelt isosceles.
Crematogastrini is a tribe of myrmicine ants with 64 genera and 8 fossil genera.
It contains the single species Enope tolumnensis, which is found in Colombia.
About 30 cockroach species out of 4,600 are associated with human habitats.
Cataglyphis hannae is a species of ant in the genus Cataglyphis.
The bagworms belong to the superfamily Tineoidea, which is a basal lineage of the Ditrysia just as the Gelechioidea, in which the case-bearers are placed.
Anthocharis damone, the eastern orange tip, is a butterfly in the Pierinae subfamily, found in southern Europe and into Asia Minor.
Euproctosia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
There are five described species, all endemic to Australia.
The adult stages are called snout moths, while the larvae of Crambus and the related genus Herpetogramma are the sod webworms, which can damage grasses.
It is named after Rainer Schulte, who collected the original specimens.
The family is distributed all over the world, and constitutes the second-largest hemipteran family, with at least 20,000 described species.
More than 14 million people are stung by them in the United States annually, where many are expected to develop allergies to the venom.
However, because of the conditions under which many species breed out, they also are known as filth flies.
The members of this suborder are aquatic and semiaquatic, and feed on algae.
Adult butterflies feed on nectar from flowers while larvae feed on a variety of plants including snowberry, paintbrush, Buddleja, Diplacus aurantiacus and Scrophularia californica.
The caterpillars feed on Malus trees, where they eat the blossoms; it has also been suspected that they eat rotting apple wood at least occasionally.
It is found in eastern Texas, central Oklahoma and Louisiana.
The genus name was erected by the Dutch lepidopterist Lambertus Johannes Toxopeus in 1929.
They all possess distinctive violin-shaped elytra and live between layers of bracket fungi.
Neuroterus is a genus of gall wasps.
Many species are leaf miners and much is known of their host plants, excluding Paraclemensia acerifoliella.
It lays eggs one at a time on the stem of Scotch broom, its host plant.
Leucoptera spartifoliella is a species of moth in family Lyonetiidae known by the common name Scotch broom twig miner.
The Horagini are a small tribe of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
It contains the single species Halurgia aurorina.
No workers are needed, since these are provided by the host species.
The background of the wings ranges from brown to orange, and the spots are either pale yellow, white, cream, or a tawny orange.
Pasteosia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
Their common name comes from the galls they induce on plants for larval development.
In profile, the head is higher than the thorax, and the thorax has an X-shaped mark.
Ovipennis is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
Their body hair is rather short and on the abdomen lies flat against the exoskeleton.
Amara bokori is a species of beetle of the genus Amara in the Carabidae family.
Hypolycaena erylus, the common tit, is a small but striking butterfly found in India and South-East Asia that belongs to the lycaenids or blues family.
Xylorycta assimilis is a moth of the Xyloryctidae family.
In the UK, the most commonly recorded species is Seratella ignita.
The forewings are brown, closely and irregularly strewn short transverse dark brown strigulae.
There is an irregular aggregation of yellow scales at the tornus.
A surprising feature of Sericopimpla sericata habits is that the adult kills bagworms in two ways.
The type locality of the nominate form is the Alps, where it is found at considerable altitudes and has only one generation per year.
Parnara ganga, the continental swift, is a butterfly belonging to the family Hesperiidae.
Their dorsum is convex, lightly colored without cross striations.
Lebadea martha, the knight, is a species of nymphalid butterfly found in tropical and subtropical Asia.
Gomphidia is a genus of dragonfly in the family Gomphidae.
The flannel moths or crinkled flannel moths are a family of insects.
In the far East the nominate is replaced by subspecies albipunctata griseolata Staudinger, 1897.
is an example of an organism which may selectively store the sperm of multiple males, as females have three to four spermathecae.
The immature form of this species is sometimes known as the spiny elm caterpillar.
Due to their narrow habitat associations, a great number of these species occur in extremely limited geographic areas, and are accordingly imperiled by habitat destruction.
It is found in Europe and Anatolia.
Flight time of adults in the UK are from March to September.
Nomiades is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
Classification has proved difficult, the absence of any male specimens adding to the difficulties.
Crematogaster aegyptiaca is an uncommon species of ant found mostly in Egypt.
It is found from the Pyrenees to northern Norway and from Belgium to Central Asia.
The genus Halobates was first heavily studied between 1822 and 1883 when Buchanan-White collected several different species during the Challenger Expedition.
Stegania trimaculata, the Dorset cream wave, is a moth of the family Geometridae.
These studies suggested that all the moths in the genus are actually members of a single species, Probole amicaria, making the genus monotypic.
Passalus unicornis is a beetle of the Family Passalidae.
Indolestes boninensis is a species of damselfly in the family Lestidae.
It occurs at Blue Lake and its inlet stream, and possibly at Lakes Albina and Cootapatamba.
They belong to the subfamily Pyralinae, which contains the "typical" snout moths of the Old World and some other regions.
Colostygia pectinataria, the green carpet, is a moth of the genus Colostygia in the family Geometridae.
It is found in Europe and Asia.
It is found in Algeria, Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Italy, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, Morocco, the Netherlands, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Switzerland, Tunisia, and the United Kingdom.
Grass skippers or banded skippers are butterflies of the subfamily Hesperiinae, part of the skipper family, Hesperiidae.
Lucilia illustris is a member of the Calliphoridae family of flies commonly known as a blow fly.
Ochlodes pasca Evans 1949 Khasi Hills, Assam, Sikkim
The species was described by Brett C. Ratcliffe and Federico Carlos Ocampo in 2001.
There are two generations with adults on wing from May to August in the south.
Correbidia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
The forewings are pale ochreous suffusedly irrorated grey.
Zebra caterpillars thrive throughout the United States.
Neuropterans first appeared during the Permian Period, and continued to diversify through the Mesozoic Era.
Oxyepoecus daguerrei is a species of ant in the genus Oxyepoecus.
Acleris forsskaleana, the maple leaftier moth, is a moth of the family Tortricidae.
Oedemerinae are a subfamily of the false blister beetles, also known as pollen-feeding beetles.
Physetocneme is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
The genus is found in the Australasian ecozone and the Indomalaya ecozone.
The imago can be identified by the yellow spot on the base of the forewing.
Pyrgomantis runifera is a species of praying mantis found in the Congo River area.
Rhomborhina is a genus of large scarab beetles.
Pseudarla is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
Like the other members of the infra-order Epipsocetae, they have a labrum with two sclerotized ridges.
Workers communicate by a series of semiochemicals and pheromones which are used for recruitment, foraging, and defence.
It contains the single species Oreoceryx aenea, which is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
The outer cross line is characteristically shaped.
Anaxarcha intermedia is a species of praying mantis found in India.
The adult fly is slightly smaller, and mostly black in color with white stripes, orange-red eyes, and black-banded wings.
Phaloe is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
These are today usually placed in subfamily Oecophorinae, but often used to be assigned to the Depressariinae.
The Scarce Silver-lines is a moth of the family Nolidae.
"Jump" is often an exaggeration, but the beans nonetheless do move around quite a bit.
It also can be found in Mexico.
It is a high-mountain butterfly found in the Pyrenees, Alps and in Italy.
It is considered possible that the family is artificial, being nested within Copromorphidae.
Version 2010.3. International Union for Conservation of Nature.
Satyrium titus, the coral hairstreak, is a North American butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
Like other solitary wasps, Sceliphron species are not aggressive unless threatened.
The Satyrinae, the satyrines or satyrids, commonly known as the browns, are a subfamily of the Nymphalidae.
Coenagriocnemis insulare is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae.
The larvae feed on Galium verum and at times also other Galium species.
Most of the suitable habitats for the species have been transformed to gardening.
Its association with coppiced woodland earned it the name "woodman's follower" in parts of the UK.
S. daguerrei is being considered as a potential biological control agent for RIFA, which is an invasive species in many parts of the world.
Neopithecops is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
The length of the forewings is 22–25 mm.
The wingspan is 18–23 mm for males and 21–26 mm for females.
There is a large, prominent, white discal spot and a whitish apical mark.
Keiferia is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
It is found in the Palearctic ecozone.
Chlorolestes tessellatus Burmeister, 1839 - Forest Malachite
Leptobasis is a small genus of damselflies in the family Coenagrionidae.
Goniosema is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
They belong to the tribe Galleriini in the snout moth subfamily Galleriinae.
Campichoetidae is a small family of acalyptrate Diptera with only one genus Campichoeta Macquart, 1835.
The family includes about 130 species in 26 genera.
^ Subramanian, K. A.. Dragonflies and Damselflies of Peninsular India.
C. lemnata larvae have been recorded feeding on duckweed species, as well as water ferns of the Azolla genus.
Monomorium antarcticum may occasionally enter houses, but does not form trails.
The Passenger is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae.
The common shining cockroach is a cockroach native to south-east Australia.
Local governments in North America are attempting to control it by monitoring its spread, diversifying tree species, insecticides, and biological control.
In all but the darkest variations the most characteristic feature is a pale "zig-zag" line across the hindwing.
Eurycnema goliath, the Goliath stick insect, is one of the largest stick insects in Australia.
This species may include the Indian faun, Faunis arcesilaus.
The head and the underside of abdomen are white or yellow.
The type locality is probably Suriname, and the species is found from Panama to Argentina; Grenada, Barbados and Antigua.
It is monotypic, containing only the species Shaanxiana takashimai which is found in Shaanxi, China.
Unlike most other vespines, reproductive suppression involves worker policing instead of queen pheromone control as was previously thought.
But before any of these can be accepted as subgenus or even distinct genus, the internal systematics of Ephysteris sensu lato are in need of review.
The only described species is P. chiliensis of Chile.
Lasius reginae is a species of ant in the genus Lasius.
It was described as a species but some authors regard P. przewalskii as a subspecies of P. acco.
For example, a minority of species, such as Vibidia duodecimguttata, a twelve-spotted species, have whitish spots on a brown background.
Apporasa is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae, the blues.
Astalor is a small Afrotropical genus of potter wasps containing two species.
Front and hind wings have almost the same colour.
Sometimes, they are elevated to subfamily status as Elymniinae.
Macadumosia is a genus of moths in the family Erebidae.
Mycalesis, the bushbrowns, are a genus of brush-footed butterflies.
In infested fruit, the larvae are often difficult to detect due to their pale, cream colour and small body size.
Onagraceae and Rosaceae are the dominant host plant families for Holarctic species.
Iraota is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
In addition, naturally occurring populations often are not numerous enough to overpower large populations of pests in the spring.
Callidulidae, the only known family of the superfamily Calliduloidea, is the family of Old World butterfly-moths, containing eight genera.
This slender malachite is 47–55 mm long with a wingspan of 57–61 mm.
A characteristic structure is the wheel-shaped pronotal armor.
The aphid spread the virus through citrus groves in Brazil and Venezuela in the 1970s, leading to the near destruction of the citrus industry there.
Version 2010.3. International Union for Conservation of Nature.
Malgassophlebia bispina is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae.
Found in North America and Asia, there are 9 known species.
It is found in Europe, the area surrounding the Caucasus and the eastern part of Russia.
Its numbers have recently been increased by a captive breeding program at the Florida Museum of Natural History.
Despite the common name, only one of these is square, the other being roughly triangular.
It is found in Southern Europe to Anatolia and from England to the Baltic states.
The weevil is about 5 millimeters long.
It feeds on various species of St John's wort.
Geocoris is a genus of insects in the family Geocoridae.
The entire life cycle takes ten weeks and is continuous throughout the year.
Gobipalpa is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
The name is from Ancient Greek: ἑταίρα, courtesan.
Michaelus is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
The butterfly flies from June to August depending on the location.
The members are found in the Afrotropical ecozone.
The wingspan of this species is 27–35 mm and is extremely variable in colour and patterning.
The females do not have wings, as is usual for bagworm moths.
Damsel bugs of the genus Nabis are the most common.
It contains the species Glycerophthora clavicularis, which is found in Malaysia.
The specimens are held in the South African Museum in Cape Town, and the Natural History Museum in London.
It is found in Malawi and Tanzania.
Its range is northern Africa and occasionally the southern Iberian peninsula, especially Spain and Portugal.
It was thought to be endemic to Venezuela before being discovered in Brazil.
Lestinogomphus angustus Martin, 1911 – common fairytail, spined fairytail
Pseudathrips is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
The larvae mostly feed on Oleaceae, Scrophulariaceae and Verbenaceae species, although there are records from other families.
It occurs in the north of Minas Gerais state, Brazil, and is found almost exclusively in silvatic environment.
^ The flight season refers to the British Isles.
The Uraniinae or uraniine moths are a subfamily of moths in the family Uraniidae.
It is found in Spain and Western North Africa.
Neumichtis archephanes is a moth of the Noctuidae family.
The hindwings are dark fuscous-grey, but whitish-ochreous towards the base and costa.
Mantinae is a subfamily of mantis of the family Mantidae.
The species is active in the summer and it has a two year life cycle.
Lymantriopsis is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
The length of the forewings is 33–39 mm.
It contains the species Ischnocraspedus peracuta, which is found in South Africa.
Euschemon rafflesia, the regent skipper, is a butterfly in the skipper family, Hesperiidae.
The length of the forewings is 6–10 mm.
A single nest is capable of dispersing over 300,000 plant seeds; moreover, meat ants have formed symbiotic relationships with many insects.
The variable checkerspot is a food source for many avian predators.
Sphaerites is a genus of beetles, the only genus in the family Sphaeritidae, sometimes called the false clown beetles.
Hyperthagylla is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
Fairy longhorn moths feed in sunshine on nectar from the flowers of herbaceous plants.
The Trachypachidae are a family of beetles that generally resemble small ground beetles, but that are distinguished by the large coxae of their rearmost legs.
Plagodis dolabraria, the scorched wing, is a moth of the family Geometridae.
In India it is also sometimes referred to as the common Indian crow, and in Australia as the Australian crow.
It is a major pest of castor throughout the world.
It is found in Algeria, Morocco, and Tunisia.
Hadrothemis is a genus of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae.
It is endemic to the United States.
The metatibia has a calcar or curved spur.
Phaeospecia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
Female beetles lay their eggs in the soil of sugar cane about 20–45 cm deep generally choosing the tallest cane.
Eriocraniidae is a family of moths restricted to the Holarctic region, with six extant genera.
The only described species is Trichophassus giganteus which is endemic to Brazil.
Erebia epistygne, the spring ringlet, is a species of butterfly in the family Nymphalidae.
Larvae can be found in the sap runs of a number of deciduous trees.
Typical adults are about a quarter-inch in length.
Conopini is a tribe of the fly family Conopidae.
In the Alps it can be found at an altitude of over 1500 metres.
Acisoma panorpoides Rambur, 1842 – Asian pintail, grizzled pintail
In 1979 the species became extinct in Britain but has been successfully reintroduced with new conservation methods.
The ant venom is particularly immunogenic for an insect venom; the venom causes about 90% of Australian ant allergies.
Epigomphus camelus is a species of dragonfly in the family Gomphidae.
The species is also found on the island of Newfoundland.
The colony raids are maintained by the use of pheromones, can be 200 metres long, and employ up to 200,000 ants.
The black imported fire ant, or simply BIFA, is a species of ant in the genus Solenopsis.
Manduca andicola is a moth of the family Sphingidae.
It is found in the Palearctic ecozone, except the northernmost locations.
The moth flies from May to June, depending on the location.
One species, the pineapple fruit fly Melanoloma viatrix, has been reported as a pest of pineapples.
They live in a wide variety of habitats, generally terrestrial, though some species are adapted to life in or on the surface of fresh water.
Antlions are poorly represented in the fossil record.
Ussuriensia is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
The adult defoliates plants which are often already weakened by larval damage at the roots.
The taxonomy of the group is in need of revision.
The Shepherd's Footman is a moth of the Arctiidae family.
The ants build their nest in the Frangipani plant species Plumeria alba and Plumeria rubra.
Most recent sources, however, do not record this species as being present outside of Australia.
Like most Geometrinae, they are small greenish "emerald moths".
The species of this genus are found in the Indomalaya ecozone.
Adults are on wing from June to August in the northern part of the range.
It is notable as a pest in pine forests, and is classified as a pest in New Zealand.
Female flies lay eggs in the cherries where the larvae feed for 1–2 weeks before exiting.
It is endemic to the south-eastern half of Australia, but is an invasive species in many parts of the world, including Canada and South Africa.
Ameles crassinervis is a species of praying mantis native to Afghanistan, Iran, and the Transcaucasus.
The virus is transmitted when the aphid introduces it into the phloem of the plant.
Athyma sulpitia, the spotted sergeant, is a species of nymphalid butterfly found in tropical and subtropical Asia.
The species can be found in central Europe, Great Britain and southern Scandinavia.
There is a slender line from the base of the costa to the anal angle.
It is found in Northern Australia, Africa and Asia: China, Indonesia, India, Japan, Sri Lanka, Myanmar, Malaysia, Philippines, Peninsular Malaysia, Singapore, Thailand, Taiwan, and Vietnam.
It is strong and rough natured, but the large jaws are sometimes beyond its control.
It is probably originally native to Africa, but today it has a circumtropical distribution, having been widely introduced.
For the species misidentified by Gyllenhal in 1827 and declared a new species under the name Nicrophorus sepultor, but later corrected, see Nicrophorus vestigator
The Epipleminae are notable for the sexually dimorphic tympanal organ which is unlike any other butterfly's in details of its morphology.
These species have caused considerable damage to biology by destroying valuable type specimens.
Melitaea aurelia, or Nickerl's fritillary, is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family.
It contains the single species Arhabdosia subvarda, which is found in French Guiana.
Their type genus Danaus contains the well-known monarch butterfly and is also the type genus of the tribe's subfamily, the milkweed butterflies.
The subfamily is one of several clades of butterflies often referred to as the whites.
Feltiella acarisuga is a predatory gall midge which will feed on various species of spider mites.
This beneficial insect is green or beige in color and grows up to around 3 inches long.
This may vary in other parts of the range.
The upper surfaces of the wings are golden brown with numerous black spots and lines.
Unlike Carposinidae the mouthparts include "labial palps" with the second rather than third segment the longest.
Strongylognathus silvestrii is a species of ant in the genus Strongylognathus.
Ophiogomphus incurvatus is a species of dragonfly in the family Gomphidae.
It is widespread and populations are found across Europe, North Africa, Asia, South America, and Great Britain.
Because of their extremely small size and curious body shapes, some genera have been at times placed in the Acroceridae or Empididae.
It is a common species across the Palearctic region and the Near East, as well as North America.
Normally, these insects play an important role in the life of a forest, attacking old or weakened trees, and speeding development of a younger forest.
Either one or two broods are produced each year and adults can be seen at any time between May and August.
The southern hawker breeds in still or slow-flowing water, but will wander widely, and is often seen in gardens and open woodland.
Successful courtship leads to copulation, when the male deposits a nutrient-rich spermatophore in the female.
Sphodromantis biocellata is a species of praying mantis found in Angola, Cameroon, and Central African Republic.
This genus is one of those commonly called ringlets.
It is also present in North America, where it is known from the eastern United States and southern Canada.
Odiniidae is a small family of flies.
It is an important pest of Capsicum in Florida, Puerto Rico, and Central America.
It is found only in western Iran.
F. exsecta is placed in the Coptoformica subgenus within the genus and is closely related to Formica exsectoides, an American species.
The critically endangered Miami blue is a member of the genus.
Epargyreus is the genus of flasher butterflies, which belong to the Eudaminae skipper subfamily.
Callibia diana is a species of praying mantis in the family Acanthopidae and is one of many mantis from various genera that resembles a dead leaf.
^ a b Kathrin F. Stanger-Hall, James E. Lloyd & David M. Hillis.
From genetic studies, they are thought to have diverged as subspecies about 30,000–110,000 years ago, when many humans began to wear a significant amount of clothing.
Once inside the Lasius umbratus queen finds the Lasius niger queen, and kills her.
The Eastern Alchymist, Sweet Potato Leaf Worm or Sorcerer is a moth of the Noctuidae family.
Panicotricha is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
A well-known member is the peppered moth, Biston betularia, which has been subject of numerous studies in population genetics.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers.
It has a single species, Metatactis griseobrunnea.
Now included in the genus Papilio, are the former genera: Achillides, Eleppone, Druryia, Heraclides, Menelaides, Princeps, Pterourus, and Sinoprinceps.
The remaining areas of the forewings are generously sprinkled with small black blotches.
Cricotopus is a genus of non-biting midges in the subfamily Orthocladiinae of the bloodworm family Chironomidae.
Thaleropis is a genus of butterflies in the family Nymphalidae.
A tarantula hawk is a spider wasp that hunts tarantulas.
The pterothoracic skeletomuscular system of Scirtoidea and its implications for the high‐level phylogeny of beetles.
The large chequered skipper is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family.
The holly blue is a butterfly that belongs to the lycaenids or blues family and is native to Eurasia and North America.
It is endemic to caves in the western United States.
The adults have a wingspan of 16–21 mm.
After 13 or 17 years, mature cicada nymphs emerge in the springtime at any given locality, synchronously and in tremendous numbers.
Mythimna ferrago, the clay, is a moth of the family Noctuidae.
The Nacophorini are one of the smaller tribes of geometer moths in the subfamily Ennominae.
Eristalis interruptus is a species of hoverfly.
Zygonoides fuelleborni is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae.
These ants are sometimes known as acrobat ants.
Onebala is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
The larvae have been recorded on feeding on Cestrum diurnum, the day-blooming jessamine, a member of the Solanaceae family.
Nicrophorus pliozaenicus is an extinct genus of burying beetles described by Erasmus Gersdorf in 1969.
The darkened colours in females aid in reproduction.
No dense tufts or branching gills are found on their thoraces or abdomens, unlike other Plecoptera families.
They constitute about 30% of the known butterfly species.
Honey bees represent only a small fraction of the roughly 20,000 known species of bees.
Nephelomilta is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
^ The flight season refers to the British Isles.
The genus Coelopoeta is sometimes still placed here, but probably belongs in the Oecophorinae.
The moth flies in two generations from the end of April to September [1].
It is found across the Palearctic region and the Near East although its range is largely determined by the presence of its larval food plant.
Anopheles introlatus is the main vector for Plasmodium cynomolgi in Malaya.
This behaviour may help them to avoid predators such as the Wright's Skink and the Seychelles magpie-robin.
One species is known for its unique specific name, Cavaticovelia aaa, sometimes called the aaa water treader.
The larva attaches itself to the bean with many silken threads by hooks on its anal and four hind abdominal prolegs.
On the hindwing the median shade crosses or follows the discal dot.
Subsolanoides is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
The wingspan is 2.6 to 4 centimeters.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland, rivers, freshwater marshes, freshwater springs, and Alpine wetlands.
Occasionally, they can be found on rocks along the shores of lakes.
Athyma ranga, the blackvein sergeant, is a species of nymphalid butterfly found in south-west India and parts of Southeast Asia.
The caterpillars feed on oak and birch.
The genus Incisalia consists of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae found in North America.
The Incurvate Emerald is a species of dragonfly in the family Corduliidae.
The larvae are thought to feed on the foliage of Eucalyptus species.
Chrysomantis congica is a species of praying mantis endemic to the Congo River region.
On each dorsal hindwing is a medial orange-red patch situated anteriorly.
Winged species are usually nocturnal, while wingless or reduced-wing species are mainly diurnal.
Badamia is an Indoaustralian genus of skipper butterflies containing two species.
It is a migrant with a permanent presence in humid parts of the tropics.
The forewings are whitish-ochreous, with scattered light brownish scales.
Most of the species are very small at 1–2 mm.
In Britain it was only recorded three times in the twenty years up to 1993 and was considered extinct there.
Brachythemis wilsoni Pinhey, 1952 – Wilson's groundling
The growing larva feeds upon the dung ball, pupates, and eventually emerges as an adult.
It was long thought to be monotypic within the genus Erikssonia.
This is where they cause the most damage to the plant.
When the eggs hatch, the larvae drop to the bottom of the nest chamber, where they feed as scavengers on debris.
For the species misidentified by Lafer in 1989 and declared a new species under the name Nicrophorus insularis, but later corrected, see Nicrophorus investigator
The single existing fossil in Dominican amber makes the genus a Lazarus taxon.
Azuragrion nigridorsum - Black-tailed Bluet, Sailing Bluet
Adult flies normally live for 2 to 4 weeks but can hibernate during the winter.
Other subspecies of the mormo complex with limited ranges include nigrescens; arenaria; and pratti.
It is native to eastern Asia, but has been artificially introduced to North America and Europe to control aphids and scale insects.
Campopleginae is a worldwide subfamily of the parasitic wasp family Ichneumonidae.
The Olive-tree beauty is a moth of the Geometridae family.
One larva finishes an average of twelve leaves during its two-week larval period.
Calinaga buddha, the freak, is a species of butterfly in the Calinaginae subfamily that is found in parts of Southeast Asia and in India.
The female is wingless and often resemble large ants while the males still retain their wings.
The hispoids have larvae that are leaf miners, while the cassidoids feed on the plant surfaces, sometimes covering their bodies with faecal shields.
The cockroach plays a vital part in the ecosystem by consuming dead leaves, eucalyptus in particular, and recycling other matter.
It is native to North America, and is found in Mexico.
The metallic ringtail is an Australian damselfly in the family Lestidae, It is widely distributed in Tasmania, Victoria and eastern New South Wales.
Species have been placed in the Arctiidae, Lymantriidae and the Dioptidae.
It contains the species Catameces peribapta, which is found in Australia, where it has been recorded from Queensland and South Australia.
It was first released as a biocontrol agent for leafy spurge in the United States in Fremont County, Wyoming in 1986.
The hawthorn shield bug is a common European shield bug.
In 2009, the first molecular analysis of the Fulgoridae, challenged the existing structure of eight currently recognized subfamilies, and eleven tribes.
Thysanoplusia orichalcea, the slender burnished brass, is a moth of the family Noctuidae.
The Cryptocephalini are a tribe within the leaf beetle subfamily Cryptocephalinae.
Some larvae tunnel through the upper stem instead of chambering in a flower head; this can also be destructive to the plant.
Pupation takes place in a whitish boat-shaped cocoon on a leaf, trunk, or amongst leaf-litter on the ground.
It has a fore-wing length of 20–26 mm.
Neptis jumbah, the chestnut-streaked sailer, is a species of nymphalid butterfly found in South Asia.
This weevil is native to western Europe.
Species within this genus are also called tarantula hawks, as they usually hunt tarantulas, similarly to many species in the genus Hemipepsis.
These are partially paler than the forewings and have a small black discal spot.The fringes are brindled grey or brown and white.
The Elymniini, or true browns, are one of the large tribes of the browns subfamily in the brush-footed butterfly family.
The species differs from its European congeners in the shape of the post-median line on the fore-wing and the straighter black line on the hind-wings.
These nests can be a serious problem for golfers or on pastures and unsealed airstrips, because the fragile surface easily collapses under pressure.
A member of the genus Iridomyrmex in the subfamily Dolichoderinae, it was described by British entomologist Frederick Smith in 1858.
The Thyrididae comprise the family of picture-winged leaf moths.
It is found also in the limestone Alps up to 2,000 meters above sea level.
This beetle is established in much of the southeastern United States, where it lives on alligator weed only.
The species of this genus are found in the Neotropical realm.
The species has a wingspan of 23–25 mm.
Megadytes is a mainly Neotropical genus of large diving beetles in family Dytiscidae.
Antithyra is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
Although they primarily feed on seeds, they occasionally eat insects and snails.
Whole body extract immunotherapy is used to treat victims and is regarded as highly effective.
Sabera metallica is a butterfly of the family Hesperiidae.
Glyphidocera is a genus of moth in the family Autostichidae.
Eumorpha elisa is a moth of the family Sphingidae.
Culex annulirostris, commonly known as the common banded mosquito, is an insect native to Australia, Fiji, Micronesia, the Philippines and Indonesia.
It lives on spotted and diffuse knapweed and has not been found to damage other plants.
The family Scarabaeidae as currently defined consists of over 30,000 species of beetles worldwide, often called scarabs or scarab beetles.
It is found in great parts of Europe, but originates from the Alps.
It is found from French Guiana to southern Nicaragua, Costa Rica and probably Panama.
Naarda ineffectalis is a type of moth in the Noctuidae family.
The workers and males are approximately the same sizes at 6–7 mm and 8 mm, respectively.
The Platycnemididae are a family of damselflies.
It is found in Italy and Switzerland.
A single brood flies from July through September and feeds on flower nectar.
Caenids occur in quiet and even stagnant water and are often overlooked because they are so small.
Prosotas noreia, the white-tipped lineblue, is a species of lycaenid butterfly found in South Asia.
Tasmanoplectron isolatum is a species of insect in family Rhaphidophoridae.
As with many species of bulldog ants, the inchman are usually solitary when they forage, though they live in colonies like most ants.
It is a member of the snow Apollo genus of the swallowtail family.
It had been misidentified as an example of another species.
This latter form, which is recorded from N. Germany, Romnania, the Ural, Ussuri, etc., is perhaps in some localities tending to form a local race.
Rossomyrmex minuchae is a species of slave-making ant in the subfamily Formicinae.
The larvae feed on various plants, including Rumex acetosella and Polygonum bistorta.
The Large Guava Blue, Virachola perse is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia.
This fly is implicated in some public health issues; it can cause accidental myiasis, and also infects fish and livestock.
Trithemis dorsalis, the highland dropwing, is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae.
It contains the species Scrobitasta varians, which is found in Argentina.
Pupation takes place on a leaf or wall within a cocoon covered in grey hairs.
It contains the single species Diaconisia ochraceorufa, which is found in Irian Jaya.
The larvae feed on various Aristolochia species.
It was named for Thailand, where it was first discovered.
This specimen also ate slugs prior to pupating, and emerged as an adult some three weeks later.
Because a creature so ubiquitous was not expected to become extinct, very few samples were ever collected.
I hope that Google will continue applying its talent to serve data relevant to the biodiversity community, conservation planners, and the general public.
Like all Volucella, the adults are migratory.
Sterrhostoma is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
It is native to the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and at least one specimen has been collected in Cameroon.
Pseudatemelia subochreella is a species of gelechioid moths.
Females can also have green forewings, mottled to mimic dying leaves."
The most common genus of Backswimmers is Notonecta – streamlined, deep-bodied bugs up to 16 mm long, green, brown, or yellowish in colour.
They occur in Central America and northern South America.
^ The flight season refers to the British Isles.
Psyche casta is a nocturnal moth from the family Psychidae, the bagworm moths.
Achroosia is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family.
Kallima inachus, the orange oakleaf, Indian oakleaf or dead leaf, is a nymphalid butterfly found in tropical Asia from India to Japan.
The species of this genus are found in the Australasian ecozone.
The species produces one generation every two years.
It ranges from the Atlantic coast of Ireland and Portugal across Europe, the Middle East and Central Asia to the Russian Far East and Korea.
Bistonini tend to retain more plesiomorphic traits and contain many species that are very large and hairy by geometer moth standards, somewhat resembling Arctiidae.
The Loxurini are a small tribe of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
Other species such as the rainbow grasshopper have warning coloration which deters predators.
Saga pedo is a species of bush cricket, spread throughout the European part of the Mediterranean, and Asia as far east as China.
The nymphs often form large cottony masses on twigs, for protection from predators.
Solenopsis solenopsidis is a species of ant in the genus Solenopsis.
The species of this genus are endemic to the Afrotropical realm.
They are not uncommon and are found nearly worldwide, but some individual species are quite rare.
It is a common butterfly in Mexico, Middle-America, and the Caribbean.
After the downy emerald young emerge from their eggs, they live for three years at various larval and nymphal stages.
Astacosia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
They are related to the Ceratopogonidae, Chironomidae, and Thaumaleidae.
The genus Lasioglossum can be divided into two informal series based on the strength of the distal veins of the forewing.
Umma saphirina is a species of damselfly in the family Calopterygidae.
In the northern part of the range, adults are on wing in one generation with adults on wing from June to October.
In northern Europe it is a migrant species.
The butterfly flies from April to September, depending on the location.
It is found in North America, from Mexico north into the United States.
Celaenorrhinus munda, the Himalayan spotted flat, is a hesperiid butterfly which is found in South Asia.
The forewings are light ochreous-yellow, irregularly chequered throughout with undefined grey spots irrorated with black.
The Armadini are a noctuid moth tribe of the Catocalinae subfamily.
Temnothorax sentosus is a species of ant in the genus Temnothorax, that is native to Kazakhstan.
It mates multiple times in its life, leading to an increased genetic diversity in its young.
Cyanarctia is a genus of moths in the family Erebidae.
Aethalochroa simplicipes is a species of praying mantis found in India that was originally identified as a variety of A. ashmoliana.
Axiopoeniella is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
It is found in most countries across Europe and it also occurs in the Near East.
Like the other members of the infra-order Caeciliusetae, they have a broad, flat labrum, with well defined edges.
Rapala varuna, the indigo flash, is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia.
These moths typically have forewing veins 2 and 3 separate but veins 6-8 originating from a common stalk.
Sphodromantis gracilis is a species of praying mantis found in Gabon, Ghana, Guinea, Nigeria, Senegal, and Central African Republic.
Heteronympha merope, the common brown, is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family, endemic to the southern half of Australia.
Each is found primarily in a different part of Africa, though several of the species have overlapping geographic distributions.
The scarlet tiger moth is a colorful moth belonging to the tiger moth subfamily, Arctiinae.
The subfamily Crabroninae is the most diverse group in the wasp family Crabronidae, containing over 100 genera.
It contains the species Syncathedra criminata, which is found in India.
It is found in Europe, Africa, Australia and large parts of Asia.
The median band is narrowed and can be sometimes interrupted.
The Acrolepiidae are a family of moths known as false diamondback moths.
Some species, such as the common African grass yellow have over 80 synonyms.
It contains the single species Clemendana pacifera, which is found in Brazil.
Hippurarctia is a genus of moths in the family Erebidae.
Cardiocladius is a genus of non-biting midges in the subfamily Orthocladiinae of the bloodworm family.
The Batrachedridae are a small family of moths.
Larvae have been found in the nests of the pugnacious ant, but the larval food is unknown.
Trithemis nigra is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae.
The larvae feed on Silene nutans, Silene otites, Silene italica, Arenaria grandiflora, Cerastium arvense and Lychnis viscaria.
It is the official insect for the state of Washington in the United States.
It flies in May and can be found only in far-eastern Europe, including parts of Poland, Finland, Ukraine and Belarus.
It is found in southern and central Europe and Siberia.
Psychomastatix is a genus of insect in family Eumastacidae.
The moth flies from June to August depending on the location.
It contains the single species Parapalosia cinderella, which is found in French Guiana.
Paealaethia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
Genus Palophagoides Kuschel in Kuschel & May, 1996
Etymology: Styria is a state in Austria.
The pollinating wasps are the mutualistic partners of the fig trees.
Chrysoritis trimeni, the Trimen's opal, is a species of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family.
Diarhabdosia is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family.
The genus Colletes is a large group of ground-nesting bees of the family Colletidae.
Mated females deposit up to 150 small eggs that start out green but turn yellow within 48 hours, indicating fertility.
It contains seven genera that occur in the tropics of the world.
Aeshna williamsoniana, Williamson's darner, is a species of dragonfly in the family Aeshnidae.
Xenolechia is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
Adult figeater beetles grow to approximately 1.25 inches.
Fig wasps have an obligate mutualism with the fig species they pollinate.
The moth flies from June to July depending on the location.
They have partitioned the plant ecologically with different gall midge species inhabiting the leaves, stems, buds, and flowers of creosote bush.
Then they lay eggs in clusters and cover them with frass.
It contains the species Lachnostola amphizeucta, which is found in South Africa.
It is endemic to the United States.
Its range includes the entire eastern portion of North America.
Males of many species exhibit gregarious mud-puddling behavior when they may imbibe salts from moist soils.
In Alberta, the species is known from boreal streams.
Callipielus is a genus of moths of the family Hepialidae.
The spined soldier bug, Podisus maculiventris is used and developed as a biological control agent against the beetle.
It has translucent whitish wings of length 4.5–5.5 cm; the hindwing underside has brownish or pale gray scaling along the veins.
In areas where they are common, D. myron readily come to both lights and sugar baits, being most active between sunset and midnight.
Each adult is elongated and thin, with two pairs of long wings.
The cochineal is a scale insect in the suborder Sternorrhyncha, from which the natural dye carmine is derived.
Trypherogenes is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
Byrrhoidea — families including long-toed water beetles, moss beetles and mud-loving beetles
It is found in most of Australia.
Harpagoxenus is a genus of ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae.
Eacles imperialis is a Nearctic member of the family Saturniidae and subfamily Ceratocampinae.
In the first year a composite leaf case is made in autumn that resembles a boomerang.
A faint outwardly curved line is found in the disc beyond this.
The caterpillars feed on Ligustrum and Syringa and are considered a garden pest.
It is found in Europe and Northern and Eastern Asia.
This bug may enter houses when the weather turns colder and likes to make a home for itself in beds.
Potanthus pseudomaesa(Indian dart) - lower Himalayas, India, Sri Lanka, Yunnan
They only occur on about 20% of all placentalian mammal species, and are unknown from several orders of mammals.
The forewings are blackish-fuscous with a small white spot or mark on the costa beyond the middle.
Nicrophorus distinctus is a burying beetle described by A.H. Grouvelle in 1885.
Scoliid wasps are solitary parasitoids of scarab beetle larvae.
It is found in Northern Africa, Asia and Europe.
There are probably three main generations, with adults on wing from December to January, April to May and in September.
The nymphs are strong swimmers and feed mainly on algae.
The fore and hind wings each show a black discal fleck, which can be sometimes be very unclear.
Nicrophorus montivagus is a burying beetle described by Lewis in 1887.
Its larvae feed on the berries of species of introduced honeysuckle that were brought to America within the last 250 years as ornamental plants.
It is found in the Palearctic ecozone.
The larvae are furry grey and reach a length of about 10 mm.
Its natural habitats are rivers and swamps.
Wittia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
Body color is typically determined by habitat.
Auriculoceryx is a genus of moths in the family Erebidae.
Dolichopus is a large cosmopolitan genus of fly in family Dolichopodidae.
Mature larva may remain in the host tree or drag its case nearby before attaching itself for the pupa stage.
Nymphs are similar to adults in appearance, but their wings are either absent or small
These are retained in adults and deter bats, and presumably other predators, from feeding on them.
The larvae feed on various mosses and Lichen.
Arocatus roeselii is a species of lygaeid bug.
Atelophleps is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family.
Euherbstia and Orphana are rare bees restricted to desert regions of Chile.
Adults are on wing year-round, except the coldest months.
It is a member of the snow Apollo genus of the swallowtail family.
Nicrophorus japonicus is a burying beetle described by Harold in 1877.
Alternatively, males may also patrol a territory in which they search for females that have already emerged.
The caterpillars feed mainly on plants of the Onagraceae and Rubiaceae families.
It is a member of the Heliconiinae, the subfamily known as longwings.
They are yellow or green and have three instars.
Obsolete scientific names for this moth thus may be encountered in the literature, and include:
Eremiaphila typhon is a species of praying mantis, native to Africa and Asia.
Amegilla is a large genus of bees in the tribe Anthophorini.
Pyrgomantis mitrata is a species of praying mantis found in the Congo River region.
Nehalennia speciosa is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae.
Novosia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
Larvae are found from May to October.
Member of this family have an areola postica connected to the M vein by a crossvein.
Adult flies emerge, mate, and oviposit when blueberry plants are producing fruit.
Trox variolatus is a beetle of the Family Trogidae.
Tabanus spodopterus also known as the black horned giant horsefly is a species of biting horse-fly.
The habitat consists of streamsides and meadows in mountainous areas.
Melanic forms are also common, especially in industrial areas.
The typical form has no stigma, or at most a minute whitish dot.
Apuecla is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
Neptis nata, the clear sailer or dirty sailer, is a species of nymphalid butterfly found in South Asia.
Adults are dark brown to black with somewhat lighter orange spot/stripe patterning sometimes visible only in bright light.
A small roundish ill-defined dark fuscous spot is found in the disc at five-eights, and another at three-fourths, more elongate.
Tiger beetles are a large group of beetles, from the Cicindelinae subfamily, known for their aggressive predatory habits and running speed.
There is a smaller triangular white blotch on the costa at three-fourths, reaching half across the wing.
Odonata is an order of carnivorous insects, encompassing the dragonflies and the damselflies.
It is a social parasite of other ants, namely of Formica gnava but also of Formica occulta and Formica argentea.
Eupithecia haworthiata, the Haworth’s pug, is a moth of the family Geometridae.
Ptichopus angulatus was recently discovered near the border of Mexico in Arizona.
Naarda leptotypa is a species of moth in the Noctuidae family.
Pieris oleracea, the mustard white, is a butterfly in the Pieridae family.
Evergestine moths resemble Pyraustinae; however, the male genitalia have a long uncus and long, slender gnathos.
It is found in Australia in the Australian Capital Territory, New South Wales, Queensland and Victoria.
They are entirely black or brown in colour.
Rindgea is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
Other names include "heel flies", "bomb flies", and "gad flies", while their larvae are often called "cattle grubs" or "wolves."
The White-line Dart is a moth of the family Noctuidae.
The larvae feed on spear thistle and musk thistle.
Caeneressa is a genus of moths in the family Erebidae.
This population increase likely coincides with an extended dry period, where many suburban gardeners added mulch to their gardens providing habitat for the common shining cockroach.
Moths reside in temperate midwestern and eastern North America as well as throughout Mexico and other parts of Central America.
Furthermore, it is considered a pest on Persea americana.
The moth flies from June to August, depending on the location.
They usually feed on their hosts without being noticed.
Yponomeuta plumbella is a moth from the family Yponomeutidae, the ermine moths.
The adults fly in July and August[1].
Athamanthia is an Eastern Palearctic genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
Altenia is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
Most of its constituent families are various gnats.
It lives from Honduras north through Mexico to southern Arizona.
It is found in Europe, Japan, central Asia, North Africa and North America.
Euconocephalus remotus is a species of insect in the family Tettigoniidae.
Usually, they pupate off the host plant, in an underground chamber, among rocks, or in a loose cocoon.
Tramea basilaris, also known as the keyhole glider, red marsh trotter, or wheeling glider, is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae.
Actinor radians, the veined dart,  is a butterfly belonging to the family Hesperiidae, Actinor being a monotypic Himalayan genus.
The discal marks are the base colour and therefore hardly visible.
Proceratium google, also known as the Google ant, was discovered in Madagascar by Brian L. Fisher, Associate Curator of Entomology at the California Academy of Sciences.
The limits between this group and the Condicinae and Noctuinae are still not precisely known, with 3 major and partially conflicting revisions since 2006.
The fly was discovered in the mid-19th century, initially from larvae within the stomach of a rhinoceros.
Because of the vast geographic area it occupies, which comprises many different ecological zones, numerous subspecies have been described.
On the underside of each forewing there are two black eyespots ringed in yellow, the upper one with a white central spot.
The larvae feed on various Eucalyptus species, living in a tubular silken shelter, spun in a curled leaf of the host plant.
Crepidosceles exanthema is a moth of the Oecophoridae family.
Its natural habitats are rivers and freshwater springs.
The states most often affected are Maine, New Hampshire, New York, Michigan, Minnesota, and Wisconsin.
Adults will then emerge from the water to fly between late May and mid August.
O. bauri can travel over 20 times their body length in a single jaw-propelled leap.
A few species are minor agricultural pests.
Ephydridae is a family of insects in the order Diptera.
It may be a vector for malaria.
The larvae feed on Endospermum and other members of the rubber tree family.
The larvae feed on willow, maple and Tilia.
It is found in the Northern Hemisphere, except for Greenland, Southeast Asia, and most of North Africa.
A single colony may contain several million individuals that forage up to 300 feet in soil.
Staphylinus is a genus of beetles in the family Staphylinidae.
The larvae feed on various herbaceous plants.
Idiodes siculoides is a moth species of the subfamily Ennominae that occurs in Australia.
The immature wasps then eat the fly larvae and overwinter inside the fly puparia.
All three species are fairly similar in size, coloration, and life cycle.
There are at least two color morphs, a green and a reddish-brown form.
Acromantis luzonica, common name Luzon mantis, is a species of praying mantis found in the Philippine.
The forewings are bright yellow with two narrow brown fascia.
Procridia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
Synanthedon vespiformis, the yellow-legged clearwing, is a moth of the family Sesiidae.
It is a large beetle, with a metallic purple or blue and roughly surfaced elytra; the second pair of wings under the elytra are reduced.
The males are orange and green coloured whilst the females range from light brown to dark brown depending on their maturity.
It contains the species Anapatetris crystallista, which is found in Gauteng, South Africa.
They are common in the upper canopies of forests, only coming down to feed or to find salt sources.
There are 7 described species, all found in southern Africa.
Others are beneficial due to their use in biocontrol of invasive weeds.
At 2–6 mm long, it is the largest purely terrestrial animal on the continent, as well as its only insect.
Over 2,000 species occur worldwide, and probably not all have been named or studied.
The Photuris female may also lure a Photinus pyralis to be eaten to obtain spider-repellent steroids which Cornell researchers named "lucibufagins" in 1997.
The Arctopsychidae are a family of net-spinning caddisflies.
The caterpillar is injurious to clover hay, and to other hay when mixed with clover.
Most Lasioglossum species nest in the ground, but some nest in rotten logs.
Drymonia velitaris is a moth of the family Notodontidae.
There are 10 described species found in south and east Asia and parts of Mexico.
Compsomantis tumidiceps is a species of praying mantis found in Java, Lombok, the Philippine Islands, Sumatra, Sumba, and Timor.
The female lays from 120-170 eggs, and after hatching the larvae feed on Eugenia and Weinmannia leaves for approximately two months before pupating.
It is found in western North America, from Canada to Mexico.
Males do not bite and tend to prefer the cover of woodland, where they are territorial.
The larva feeds on the roots of various plants including bracken, dandelion, dock, hop and viper's bugloss.
Heliocheilus cramboides is a moth of the Noctuidae family.
Arrhenophanidae is a family of moths in the Lepidoptera order.
Melangyna viridiceps is an Australian hoverfly, known as the common hover fly.
Poecilosomella brevisecunda is a species of fly belonging to the family Sphaeroceridae.
Sasakia is a genus of butterflies in the subfamily Apaturinae of the family Nymphalidae.
This substance is then placed into pot-like containers within the nest until it is time to feed the immature bees.
There is no lobe between their claws.
Stylurus laurae Williamson, 1932 - Laura's Clubtail
A 2013 phylogenetic analysis pares down this family into only three genera:
They average about an inch in length.
The adults are attracted to light and feed on foliage.
Some are very similar to the orsilline lygaeids, but can be distinguished by the numerous veins in the membrane of the hemelytra.
It was placed previously in the superfamily Yponomeutoidea in family Glyphipterigidae and in superfamily Sesioidea.
An outwardly oblique, ovate, snow-white patch descends from the costa, at about one-sixth, slightly overreaching the fold.
The females are larger than the males.
The length of the forewings is 28–36 mm.
Eupithecia nanata is a variable species.The forewings are pointed.The ground colour of the forewings ranges from gray to brown to yellowish-brown.
Delexocha ochrocausta is a moth of the Oecophoridae family.
It is found in Spain, southern France and northern Italy.
There are at least two generations per year.
Most of these occur in the tropics, but there are many species in the Holarctic region.
There is also an apical spot of blackish suffusion.
It was moved to the genus Campsicnemus by Grimshaw.
The species is found in Europe and Siberia.
Manduca aztecus is a moth of the family Sphingidae.
It girdles stems as it feeds, which causes significant damage to the plant as stems and leaves die or break off.
They are around 6 to 10 millimeters in length.
Anachloris subochraria is a species of moth of the Geometridae family.
The hemlock moth, also known as the defoliating hemlock moth or poison hemlock moth, is a moth species of the family Depressariidae.
scotica Tuff from the west coast of Scotland is larger and brighter than the type, with all markings clear and distinct.
Polygonia is a genus of butterflies with a conspicuous white mark on the underside of each hindwing, hence the common name comma.
The species of this genus are found in the Indomalayan realm, the Palearctic realm and the Australasian realm.
Nicrophorus hybridus is a burying beetle described by Melville Hatch and John W. Angell in 1925.
The ants often traverse midday temperatures around 47 degrees Celsius to scavenge corpses of heat-stricken animals.
It is the type of the genus Pyrops erected by Spinola in 1839.
The body is generally dark with prominent yellow rings on the legs and yellow base to the halteres.
Chrysoritis swanepoeli, the Swanepoel's opal, is a species of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family.
Mydromera is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
It has also been found at Paroa in February as well as in Canterbury.
Stenognathus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae, containing the following species:
They were formerly either in Platypezidae or considered incertae cedis.
The family includes fewer than 200 species, most of them in the genus Ectopsocus.
It has an obligate mutualism with Ficus pleurocarpa, the fig species it pollinates.
The larva of the Smeared Dagger Moth is unusually hairy even for this genus [1].
Pain and itch are the most common symptoms, but more significant allergic reactions can develop.
It has a cosmopolitan distribution, but it is an exotic species in Australia.
Celastrina cardia, the pale hedge blue, is a small butterfly found in India that belongs to the lycaenids or blues family.
The final case, which they occupy after hibernation, is a laterally flattened tubular leaf case.
The pygora beetles or flower beetles are scarab beetles of the genus Pygora.
The habitat consists of open flowery grasslands amongst hills.
Its junior synonym N. infimella was established by G.H.
It was first released as a knapweed biocontrol in the United States in 1991 from Greece.
This species is a parasite of other carpenter ants, such as Camponotus aethiops and Camponotus pilicornis.
An endangered invertebrate conservation group known as the Xerces Society is named after the Xerces blue.
The family is composed of about 30 species.
Capusa senilis is a moth of the family Geometridae.
It is found in Angola, Cameroon, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ivory Coast, Equatorial Guinea, Ghana, Liberia, Nigeria, Sierra Leone, Togo, Uganda, and Zambia.
Xanthogramma are moderate to large hoverflies, most are somewhat wasp like.
The best-known species is Bombyx mori or silkworm, native to northern China and domesticated for millennia.
This butterfly has a strange habit of flying in a sort of screw shape.
Palaeomolis is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
Protoneura sanguinipes is a species of damselfly in the family Protoneuridae.
This damselfly inhabits habitat along rivers such as the Orontes, Litani, and Jordan.
^ a b Evandson J. dos Anjos-Silva, Evandro Camillo & Carlos A. Garáfalo.
There is one generation per year with adults on wing from mid June to mid July.
Pyrops candelaria is a species of planthopper that lives in Vietnam, Hong Kong, Laos, Thailand and other parts of southeast Asia.
Efforts are on to reestablish related butterflies in the Xerces blue's former habitat.
Copticostola is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
Scoliids include some of the largest wasps in the world, with only the similarly large tarantula hawk wasps rivaling them in size.
Apices of all wings are broadly opaque blackish brown and the reaming halves are pale yellow.
It is a member of the genus Nicrophorus or sexton beetles, comprising the most common beetles in the family Silphidae.
Indigenous peoples have traditionally used this species as a source of honey and beeswax, a practice known as honey hunting.
It is endemic to Idaho in the United States.
It is an introduced species in North America, where it was first found in Utah in 1998 and Oregon in 2005.
It is monotypic, containing only the species Parelodina aroa.
Xerces is also a group of XML software packages named after this butterfly.
It requires a high spider mite density and high humidities to become established.
There is a broad, outwardly oblique, ochreous-whitish streak from one-sixth of the costa not reaching the dorsum, broadly edged with dark-fuscous.
It is found in Guatemala, Honduras, Mexico, and possibly Colombia.
The forewings are rather deep brownish-ochreous with a clear white costal streak from the base to five-sixths, attenuated posteriorly.
It is known from lowland forests from Sierra Leone to the Congo and Uganda.
Euthalia telchinia, the blue baron, is a species of nymphalid butterfly found in South and Southeast Asia.
It also includes several familiar pest species, such as the pharaoh ant, the Singapore ant, and the flower ant.
The species can be found in Europe and Russia.
Its body and wings are mostly colored brownish gray.
Its habitat is primarily the southwestern United States and Mexico.
They are often called pine flower weevils.
As a result of its distinctive coloration and wing pattern the moth is occasionally referred to in France as 'Chocolat marbré', or Marbled chocolate moth.
Thalaina clara, the Clara's satin moth, is a species of moth of the family Geometridae.
The moth flies from July to August depending on the location.
Zygaena trifolii, the five-spot burnet, is a moth in the family Zygaenidae.
Microlynchia are genus of biting flies in the family of louse flies, Hippoboscidae.
The wingspan is 27–36 mm for males and 29–39 mm for females.
It is found in most of Europe ranging to Eastern Asia.
It is found in Australia and New Zealand.
There is an ill-defined triangular blackish tornal spot.
Adult and larval leaf beetles feed on all sorts of plant tissue, and all species are fully herbivorous.
It contains the single species Disaulota leptalina, which is found in Costa Rica.
The moths fly from March to April depending on the location.
It is found throughout Western Europe and the South Caucasus.
The wingspan is 30–45 mm, with the females being larger than the males.
Notogomphus zernyi is a species of dragonfly in the family Gomphidae.
