One reaches a height of approximately 1 meter at low tide; the other does not normally broach the surface.
Preguiça Airport is located to the south between Vila da Ribeira Brava and Campo.
This small island is linked by a bridge to Fukaji and Aka islands.
Isle Martin is an uninhabited island in Loch Broom, on the west coast of Scotland.
Scalpay is an island in the Inner Hebrides of Scotland.
Along with Olango Island Group, the isles are administered as 1 city and a municipality covering 75.25 square kilometres.
A survey in 2009 found populations of the endangered golden bandicoots and golden-backed tree-rats were present on the island.
Other villages on the island include Årland in the central part and Kvalvåg on the northern part.
Because fresh water is scarce, trees are sparse and low scrub is the predominant vegetation.
Ardery Island is a steep, rocky island, about 1 km long, lying 1.8 km west of Odbert Island in the Windmill Islands of Antarctica.
The islands are part of the Makah Reservation and a part of Clallam County.
By boat, the coast of the island can be reached in 15 minutes from the Sali, the nearest inhabited place on Dugi otok.
Holmes Rock is rising to 45 m north of Greenwich Island and west of Aitcho group in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.
The island is set in the middle of a 7-square-kilometre coral reef.
The administered area has a density of 702 people per km², while that of the island itself is higher at 817/km².
The island had 167 inhabitants in 2001.
Lelepa is an island in the southwestern Pacific island nation of Vanuatu.
Administratively it comes within the Itanos municipality in Lasithi.
A March 1888 Nor'easter caused a break in the peninsula permanently turning the point into an island.
Collectively, the islands have a population of 19,080, which is 48 percent the total population of Concepcion.
The Hall Peninsula is to the east.
It has roughly the same area as the first one but is much more elongated in shape.
Zourafa, also called Ladoxera, is a rocky islet in the northeastern Aegean, six nautical miles east of Samothrace.
These forests provide some of the best habitat available to species such as brown bears, bald eagles, and Sitka black-tailed deer.
They built some fortifications here on the west side of the island at Gangstua which were called Leksa Kystbatteri.
Sea lion rockeries also ring the island.
All other islands are uninhabited and are used only for copra production, picnics, and food gathering.
Bishop Island and Faris Island are in the immediate vicinity.
Nearby can be found the larger Padloping Island, and Auyuittuq National Park Reserve is also to the west on Baffin Island.
Crimea has historically been at the boundary between the classical world and the Pontic–Caspian steppe.
There is an elementary school, a church, two basketball courts, one small road, and one government medical clinic.
The new island was named after Surtr, a fire jötunn or giant from Norse mythology.
It is about 160 kilometres across, it is divided into four provinces: Aklan, Antique, Capiz and Iloilo, all in the Western Visayas Region.
As with the other islands in the Izu Island group, Miyake-jima forms part of the Fuji-Hakone-Izu National Park.
The highest peak is the mountain Vanntinden at a height of 1,031 metres above sea level.
Bielecki Island is an island 1 kilometre north of Trundy Island in the western part of the Joubin Islands.
The island has two distinct segments, with the northeastern part almost entirely made of obsidian and the southwestern part of pumice.
Manuhangi Atoll is small in size, with a length of 5.4 km and a maximum width of 3.6 km.
It is a locality within the Fraser Coast local government in the Wide Bay–Burnett region.
It lies in Cumberland Sound, northwest of Kikiktaluk Island, approximately 5 km from Harrison Point and 10 km from Niante Harbour.
Administratively, it is within the municipality of Innachori, in Chania regional unit.
It is located in a group of islands.
The island has a road connection to the mainland.
The sea around horseshoe-shaped Thurø is considered fine fishing-water, particularly for trout.
Until 1934, it belonged to the municipality of Wollmatingen, which was then annexed by Constance.
Psathoura is a Greek island in the Northern Sporades.
The island group is a part of the Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut, Canada.
The site was not discovered until 1851 when British and American search vessels anchored nearby.
The Traversay Islands are a group of three islands—Zavodovski, Leskov and Visokoi—at the northern end of the South Sandwich Islands.
Sale Island is one of the many uninhabited Canadian arctic islands in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut.
The islands in the northwest of the archipelago are older and typically smaller, due to longer exposure to erosion.
Now 100% of its electricity comes from wind power and biomass.
It lies to the southwest of Sandskär, but is not part of the Haparanda Archipelago National Park.
The island encompasses most of the municipality and has a ferry connection from Aukrasanden across the Julsundet strait to Hollingen on the mainland.
It is situated immediately southeast of the Island of Montreal, in the extreme southwest of Quebec.
Kuiu Island is an island in the Alexander Archipelago in southeastern Alaska.
Helen Island is an uninhabited island in Nunavut, Canada.
Timor is an island at the southern end of Maritime Southeast Asia, north of the Timor Sea.
Kaikoura Island is the seventh largest island in the Hauraki Gulf.
The island has a length of 80 metres and a maximum width of 20 metres.
The coast of the island consists of many sand and pebble beaches.
It has no permanent residents, and is a bird sanctuary, so landing there is banned from March 15 to August 1st.
It is the second largest of the Batanes Islands, the northernmost group of islands in the country.
The area of the island is approximately 480 hectares.
The North East Island is the main island of the Snares Island group at 48°01′S 166°36′E approximately 200 kilometres south of New Zealand's South Island.
It is located in the northeast of the group, in the mouth of Port Ross, Auckland Island and south west of the larger Enderby Island.
It has 17,000 people living on almost 2,000 square kilometres.
Thymaina is a small Greek island in the Ikaria regional unit, in the eastern Aegean Sea.
The latitude of this group is 77° 40' N and the longitude 101° 27' E. 77°40′N 101°27′E The largest island of the group is only about
"(§ 2 of the Foundation's Charter, Stockholm, 22 February 1960).
See List of islands of the Bailiwick of Guernsey for a complete list of their smaller islands.
The north part of Furillen is a nature reserve and a Natura 2000 area.
The commercial centre of Selbjørn is the village of Bekkjarvik, where Bekkjarvik Church is located.
The island is managed as the Reserva Natural Isla de Mona.
Marsh Island is an island on the Penobscot River in Penobscot County.
It was also home to several military forts and to the U.S.
The locals collect copra from the numerous coconut palms planted on the islands and motus.
Russell Island is an uninhabited island of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada.
It is administratively part of San Cristóbal Canton, Ecuador.
This an area of shallow lagoons filled and drained by the tides each day.
The area was visited by early 19th century sealers.
The small group formed by Hiti, Tepoto Sud and Tuanake is also known as the "Raevski Atolls".
Tourism is a major part of the local economy, along with agriculture — particularly the production of cut flowers.
The name arose because many ships ran aground on the former sandbank and thus became "propped up" in a sense.
Many places can be found there, such as Japanese Cave, Light House tower,
There are several schools, including high, junior high, and elementary.
It is named for Amy Guest, a contributor to the Second Byrd Antarctic Expedition, 1933-35.
Low Island was so named because of its low elevation.
Nimigen Island is an uninhabited Baffin Island offshore island located in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in Nunavut's Qikiqtaaluk Region.
The Galite Islands are a rocky group of islands of volcanic origin that belong to Bizerte Governorate, northern Tunisia.
Karkarpko Island has a Stationary Observation Site for environmental observations, like the monitoring of species.
The indefinite form of the name has been approved.
There are several small islets next to Atalanti island, including the islet of Agios Nikolaos.
Off the southeast coast of Yapen are the Amboi Islands and to the southwest are the Kuran Islands.
The 46.5-square-kilometre island is flat and swampy, but it is well cultivated by farmland wherever possible.
The Southern Thule territory is claimed by Argentina and the United Kingdom.
The 3.1-square-kilometre island lies directly between the island of Idse and the mainland with the Idsefjorden and the Høgsfjorden on either side of the island.
Simapo Island is an island located in the Nandu River, Haikou, Hainan, China.
Vandve Church is located on the island.
Great Britain became an island by 5600 BC.
Isla San Lorenzo Norte is an island in the Gulf of California east of the Baja California Peninsula.
The atoll of Manua'e, also known as Scilly, is located approximately 60 km to the northwest of Maupiha'a and 255 km to the west of Maupiti.
Shiv Chopra, Canadian microbiologist and human rights activist
It has a wide lagoon with a surface 67 km², but there is no pass to enter it.
It is separated from Java by the narrow Strait of Madura.
It is uninhabited today but was once settled by the sea-faring Ngaro people.
The body of water between City Island and the even smaller Hart Island to the east is known as City Island Harbor.
Godøy is an island in Giske Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
Nearest landfall, from north end of Ponson island to southern Leyte, is about 7.2 kilometres.
Laguna Bocatorito, also known as Dolphin Bay, lies on the east side of the island.
There are various folk tales and modern literary references to island life.
The town of Comandante Luis Piedrabuena is on the north bank of the river, just downstream from the island.
Thistle Island is in the Spencer Gulf, South Australia, some 200 km west of Adelaide, and northwest of the Gambier Islands.
It is located between the popular tourist destination Granite Island and the prominent rocky headland known as The Bluff.
It is located 70 km north-east of Nosy Be and 60 km north-west of the city of Ambilobe.
It contains the Freeport of Monrovia, the major national port of Liberia and a variety of businesses.
They are located in Bathurst Inlet, southeast of Wollaston Point.
The Western Chain island is some 2 km long in NW direction, and the highest elevation of 44 m is at the southernmost Island.
The highest point on Linesøya is the 230-metre tall mountain Linesfjellet.
The island is shaped like a crescent moon.
Blackwood Island has a major place in Aboriginal ritual and mythology.
Daisy Bates was given the name Kabbarli at Dorre Island.
The small group formed by Tuanake, Tepoto Sud and Hiti is also known as the "Raevski Atolls".
Glaronisi is administered from Gouves in Heraklion regional unit.
They have an area of 32.55 square kilometres and a population of 380.
Agriomandra, is an uninhabited Greek islet, in the Libyan Sea, close to the southern coast of Crete.
Marchena's caldera is roughly elliptical and measures 7 by 6 kilometres, within the range of caldera sizes of the large western volcanoes.
The county seat and largest city is Hilo.
The peninsula has mainly a Mediterranean climate, though in the mountainous parts the climate is much cooler.
Criclewood Island is named after the district of London where the main part of the UKHO was located until 1968.
Whisler Island is an uninhabited island within Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada.
It is part of the municipality of Concepcion.
Kinkasan, is a small island in Miyagi Prefecture in north-eastern Japan.
In 1889, Edward Andrews investigated the commercial possibilities of producing salt from Lake Hillier, and briefly moved onto the island with both of his sons.
Sandhornøy is also the birthplace of famous Norwegian professor and hymn writer, Elias Blix.
Amerikiwhati Island is a small island in the Marlborough administrative region of New Zealand.
The 38-square-kilometre island lies between the Hardangerfjorden and Skånevikfjorden.
Stefansson Island is an uninhabited island in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the Kitikmeot Region of Nunavut, Canada.
Tsunoshima is an island located in the Sea of Japan.
In the 1918 census, the island together with its sister island Isabel Island constituted one single barrio named Islas de las Dos Hermanas with 23 inhabitants.
Yseult Island is a small rocky island 1.3 km east of Tristan Island and 0.7 km north of the east point on Cape Jules.
Klung Island is the largest island of the Klung Islands lying in Holme Bay, Mac.
Despite pockets of agriculture, the islands are unnaturally barren due to wanton deforestation and the disappearance of the native olive groves, juniper and carob plantations.
The island is uninhabited and is within Loreto Municipality.
It has an area of 7.64 km².
Some have picturesque cemeteries with little shingled mausoleums.
It was probably first seen in 1902–03 by members of the Swedish Antarctic Expedition under Otto Nordenskiöld.
The total area of Kotelny Island is 23,165 km².
Situated at 17.65° South and 179.02° East, it covers an area of eight square kilometres,5 miles.
It is situated about 2,100 km southeast of Miami, Florida.
Since 1996, it has formed part of the U.S. Virgin Islands, a United States territory located in the Caribbean Sea.
This breed of sheep has roamed on the island since Viking times.
Kittorsaq Island is an uninhabited island in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland.
The closest community is Kimmirut, 24.5 km away.
Its west coast was formed when Africa broke off from Gondwana around 165 million years ago.
It measures 9.5 kilometres in length with a maximum width of 6.5 kilometres .
The entire island constitutes Sugar Island Township in Chippewa County at the eastern tip of the Upper Peninsula.
Clover Island is a small island in the Columbia River located between the Blue Bridge and the Cable Bridge in Kennewick, Washington.
The northern islands are collectively called the Satsunan Islands, while the southern part of the chain are called the Ryukyu Islands in Japanese.
The island's name, Nananu-i-Cake, means "Daydream Upwind" in Fijian.
Typically, the mountains are a little over 500 m above mean sea level.
It is located north-east of Venice, between the islands of Sant'Erasmo and La Certosa.
The island is connected to the mainland by the Måløy Bridge.
Inishlyre is one of the last inhabited small islands in Clew Bay, Ireland, with a population of about 4 people in 2011.
Several sea stacks lie off the island's northern tip.
Ahe Atoll's ring shape is broken by only a single small passage into the lagoon.
Blaine's mill was of log construction and its dam extended from the south side of the Kanawha River to the island.
This grouping is the sole location in the Atlantic Ocean where the abyssal mantle is exposed above sea level.
The island is home to a lighthouse, a ruined monastery, an Irish round tower and the remains of an artillery battery.
It is the smallest of six islands comprising an archipelago in Essex, and is privately owned.
Its inhabitants are known in Gaelic as Deasaich.
Pulau Sarimbun is a small island situated in the Straits of Johor, off the north-western coast of Singapore.
Stord is an island in Hordaland county, Norway.
Hahajima is the second-largest island of the Ogasawara Islands or Bonin Islands south of the Japanese main island chain.
This service is operated by Orkney Ferries, and can take up to 95 passengers, and 10 cars.
It is a Baffin Island offshore island located in Frobisher Bay, approximately 4 km south of the capital city of Iqaluit.
Takaroa, Taka-roa or Takapua, is an atoll in the Tuamotu group in French Polynesia.
The island is surrounded by white sand beaches and coral reefs.
More than half of the population lives in Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky and nearby Yelizovo.
Administratively, it is part of the municipality Kissamos, in Chania regional unit.
It is a part of the newly named West Papua province of Indonesia which was formerly Irian Jaya.
Torsö is the biggest island of the lake Vänern, area 62 km².
The economy of the island is based on commercial fishing, aquaculture and tourism.
North of the Baths is the Virgin Gorda Yacht Harbor, formerly owned by Little Dix Bay.
It is separated from the mainland by a narrow channel.
Income from tourism is distributed by the Village Tourism Committee and supports aims as village water supply projects.
Mapped by Norwegian cartographers from air photos taken by the Lars Christensen Expedition, 1936-37.
The Isle of Pines is an island located in the Pacific Ocean, in the archipelago of New Caledonia, an overseas collectivity of France.
Accessible only through boats from Palma Rubia, the white sand beaches on its north coast attract tourism.
It is approximately 1.5 miles long and 0.5 miles wide, positioned with the major axis running northwest to southeast.
It is part of the municipality of Concepcion.
Lido Isle is a man-made island located in the harbor of Newport Beach, California.
He was also the caretaker of the beacon, which was destroyed during the storm surge of 1634.
The highest point, at the peak of Mount Uhau, is 83 meters.
The island of Maui is the second-largest of the Hawaiian Islands at 727.2 square miles and is the 17th-largest island in the United States.
Ilikok Island is 29 km2 in size.
The largest island is George Land, which measures 2,741 square kilometers, followed by Wilczek Land, Graham Bell Island and Alexandra Land.
A total solar eclipse occurs when the Moon's apparent diameter is larger than the Sun's, blocking all direct sunlight, turning day into darkness.
Hanover Island is an island in the Magallanes Region.
During World War II, Butaritari was known by US forces as Makin Atoll, and was the site of the Battle of Makin.
The Terra Firma Islands were first visited and surveyed in 1936 by the British Graham Land Expedition under John Rymill.
A wide shallow reef, almost a lagoon, stretches north from the pohutukawa-covered island.
Vitória, the capital of Espírito Santo, is situated on the main island.
An Arctic island, it forms part of the Søraust-Svalbard Nature Reserve, home to polar bears and reindeer.
More than one quarter of Kahoʻolawe has been eroded down to saprolitic hardpan soil.
Long and narrow, Pigeon Island lies about 1.5 km further northwest.
It is home to the 10th century Armenian Holy Cross Cathedral, which was the seat of the Armenian Apostolic Catholicosate of Aghtamar from 1116 to 1895.
It is situated in the eastern Celebes Sea, off the north-eastern coast of Borneo.
However, the island is off-limits from April 1 through August 1, to protect the nesting gulls.
It is located in Baffin Bay off the northeastern coast of Baffin Island.
These beaches are located in the northwestern end of the islands and afford a safe anchorage in calm conditions.
Värmdö is after Gotland and Öland the third largest island on the eastern coast of Sweden.
It is a Baffin Island offshore island located in Frobisher Bay, southeast of the capital city of Iqaluit.
The entirety of the island is in the City of Diomede.
Karm Island is an island off the coast of Antarctica.
Today, Seann Chaisteal is the name of the flat-topped tidal islet at the south eastern extremity of Eilean Mhuire.
Nukutuvake is not a typical Tuamotu atoll, but a single island.
Valenti is mentioned in poems and mantinades and usually with Gramvousa.
All of the population of 441 live in Parama village on the eastern side, facing the Gulf of Papua.
It is situated some way to the north of the others in the group, 30 metres west of the shoreline of Pallanza, a frazione of Verbania.
The larger islands are sparsely forested with pine and birch.
It was named in 1611 by Samuel de Champlain in honour of his wife, Hélène de Champlain, née Boullé.
It is located 14 kilometres south from the Jyväskylä city centre and 5 kilometres east from Muurame.
It lies about 10 km north-west of the United States' Palmer Station.
Some time before 1679 Bayly proposed making Charlton Island a central depot and meeting place for the three posts around James Bay.
The islands are located about 100 km northwest of Misima and form the northernmost group of Louisiade archipelago.
Bolshevik Island is an island in Severnaya Zemlya, Krasnoyarsk Krai, Russian Arctic.
The Church of Norway has two churches on the island: Otrøya Church and Nord-Heggdal Chapel.
Its highest point, Mount Hobson, is 621 metres above sea level.
The mainland with the Aetolia-Acarnania regional unit is to the north and east.
Paraoa, Tohora, or Hariri is a small atoll of the central Tuamotu Archipelago in French Polynesia.
Cornwall Island is a small island in the high arctic region of the Canadian territory of Nunavut.
There are regular ferry routes from Leirvik-Borgundøya-Fjelbergøya-Halsnøy-Utbjoa, connecting several islands to the mainland in Vindafjord at Utbjoa.
Komodo is part of the Lesser Sunda chain of islands and forms part of the Komodo National Park.
Glims Holm is a small uninhabited islet in Orkney, Scotland.
It was discovered and charted by the French Antarctic Expedition, 1903–05, under Jean-Baptiste Charcot.
This latter is located in front of the island on the other side of the Strait of Magellan and is a peninsula of Riesco Island.
The island is located east of the Fedjefjorden and south of the Fensfjorden.
It has a lighthouse on it, which was built in 1857 at a cost of £21,000.
The islands are uninhabited and part of the Loreto Municipality.
However, in May 2013 the school returned and so did the bigger fish.
Approximately 28 ha in size, it sits within Pondalowie Bay, Spencer Gulf and is part of Innes National Park.
Lipps Island is a small rocky island 0.37 kilometres west of Litchfield Island, off the southwest coast of Anvers Island, off the Antarctic Peninsula.
Rarotonga is a very popular tourist destination with many resorts, hotels and motels.
The island lies east of Bolga, north of Åmnøya, and west of Mesøya.
Karga, is an uninhabited islet close to the northern coast of Crete in the Aegean Sea.
Raivavae is an island that is part of the Austral Islands in French Polynesia.
It forms most of the regional unit of Euboea, which also includes Skyros and a small area of the Greek mainland.
The Camp Islands are to its south.
North Frisian Barrier Island is the collective term for three drying shoals due west of the German Halligen in the North Frisian Islands archipelago.
Austvågøy or Austvågøya is the northeasternmost of the larger islands in the Lofoten archipelago in Nordland county, Norway.
It is best known for its herds of feral horses, pristine beaches, and the Assateague Lighthouse.
Nauru is one of the three great phosphate rock islands in the Pacific Ocean — the others are Banaba in Kiribati and Makatea in French Polynesia.
Situated north of Baffin Island's Henry Kater Peninsula, it is a member of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago.
Paoha Island is a volcanic island in Mono Lake, an endorheic lake in the U.S. state of California.
The island is named after Imelin Cave in Northwestern Bulgaria.
The feature was partially surveyed in 1936 by the British Graham Land Expedition under Rymill, at which time it was charted as a promontory.
On the island are the resort communities of Atlantic City, Ventnor, Margate, and Longport.
Amantani is an island on the Peruvian side of Lake Titicaca.
The area was visited by early 19th century sealers.
Fjørtoft Church is located on the northern part of the island.
These islands were traditionally known to British mariners as "the Burlings".
It is located west of Acharacle, approximately 80 km from Fort William.
The Sulu Archipelago is a chain of islands in the Pacific Ocean, in the southwestern Philippines.
The closest Russian Arctic possession, Victoria Island, lies only 62 kilometres to the east of Kvitøya.
There are no census records, but the southern headland of Vanish may indicate habitation at some time in the past.
The highest point of the island is 183 meters above sea level.
Lopez Island is 29.81 square miles in land area.
Trachilos, also known as Trachila, is an uninhabited Greek islet, located south of cape Goudero on the coast of Lasithi, eastern Crete, in the Libyan Sea.
It is a Baffin Island offshore island located in Frobisher Bay, southeast of the capital city of Iqaluit.
It is located between the Potomac River on the Maryland side, and Ball's Bluff Battlefield and National Cemetery on the Virginia side, next to Leesburg, Virginia.
It is named after Benzaiten, once enshrined on the island.
The island is known for Mount Pan de Azucar a steep volcanic cone and a prominent landmark at the northern entrance of Guimaras Strait.
Boa Vista, also written as Boavista, is a desert-like island that belongs to the Cape Verde Islands.
The islands were formed by the so-called Balleny hotspot.
The land area of Japonski Island, including the connected nearby much smaller islands such as Virublennoi, Sasedni, Kirushkin, Makhnati and smaller islets, was 1.467 square kilometres.
The Marquesas were used for target practice by the military as recently as 1980.
Foyn Harbor was first surveyed by T. W. Bagshawe and M. C. Lester in 1921-22.
Dundee Island is an ice-covered island lying east of the northeastern tip of Antarctic Peninsula and south of Joinville Island.
Kozukumi-jima is an island located in Ise Bay off the east coast of central Honshu, Japan.
Pampus is an artificial island and late 19th-century sea fort located in the IJmeer near Amsterdam.
“BOI” is cited in print from at least 1956 and “IBC” is cited in print from 1975.
Stansbury Island is the second largest island within the Great Salt Lake in the U.S. state of Utah.
The light is the second oldest in Connecticut and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
A 130-year-old lighthouse is located on the island.
Owing to this popularity, Ada Ciganlija has been commonly nicknamed "More Beograda", which was officially accepted as an advertising slogan in 2008, stylised as More BeogrADA.
They are administratively a part of the Brava municipality.
Many other islands of the group are purely corallian.
The residents of the island classify themselves in two ways: born on the island and islander by choice.
Several intermittent playa lakes provide wetland habitats for the Hawaiian coot, the black-winged stilt, and the Hawaiian duck.
It is the largest island in the Hochelaga Archipelago, and the second largest in the Saint Lawrence River.
It is the third largest island of Antarctica, after Alexander Island and Berkner Island.
It lies entirely within the territorial waters of Canada although only about three miles from the international border between Canada and the United States.
Holm of Grimbister is an inhabited tidal islet in the Orkney archipelago of Scotland.
Denison Island is an Antarctic island lying 0.5 kilometres west of Beall Island in the Windmill Islands.
Wilkins Sound is a seaway in Antarctica that is largely occupied by the Wilkins Ice Shelf.
In 2004, a survey by NOAA discovered active fumaroles, including possible volcanic activity.
Descartes Island is a rocky island 0.2 kilometres long, midway between Lagrange Island and La Conchee and 1.7 kilometres north-northeast of Cape Mousse.
Morgan Island is one of the Sea Islands, located in Beaufort County, South Carolina, just north of Beaufort.
The rocks are named after the town of Tvarditsa in southeastern Bulgaria.
Rennesøy has a steep mountainous area in the southeast, with the 234-metre tall mountain Hodnenuten being the highest point on the mountain.
The 25-square-kilometre island lies to the west of the island of Ertvågsøya, south of Solskjelsøya, east of Tustna, and north of the mainland of Halsa Municipality.
The small island of Førehjelmo lies just to the north of Seløyna, and there is a small bridge connecting to it.
The old cooking grate is still intact but the iron grate is heavily rusted.
Ravi Chopra, Indian movie producer and director
Maio is the easternmost of the Sotavento islands of Cape Verde.
It was declared a wildlife sanctuary in 1959.
The island lies in Frobisher Bay, approximately 13 km southwest of Iqaluit.
Dassen Island is an uninhabited South African island in the Atlantic Ocean.
The northern rim reaches closer to the surface, and several above water rocks with heights between 0.9 and 3 metres high lie along its length.
It is approximately 65 kilometers north of central Stockholm.
Landmarks in the area include Toba-kō and Nakanogō-eki.
The Island had a population of four people in 1841.
Eriskay, from the Old Norse for "Eric's Isle", is an island and community council area of the Outer Hebrides in northern Scotland.
The recommended form and generic term takes into account the offshore nature of the feature.
In August 2008, the island opened to tourists.
Eilean Mhuire is the most easterly of the Shiant Islands in the Outer Hebrides.
The mainland can be broadly divided into four sections.
The rocks are named after the seaside locality of Alepu in Southeastern Bulgaria.
The island is named after Inuit Arctic explorer Hendrik Olsen, who was a member of Knud Rasmussen's Second Thule Expedition 1916-1917.
Taiaro, or Maro-taua, is a small atoll in the west of the Tuamotu group in French Polynesia.
All of the island of Uløya was originally in Skjervøy municipality, but in 1972 the southern part of the island was transferred to neighboring Nordreisa municipality.
The eruption lasted until 5 June 1967, when the island reached its maximum size of 2.7 km2.
The feature extends 900 m in north-south direction and 880 m in east-west direction.
The west of the island is a protected nature reserve, with an unusual environment of flads and gloe lakes that provide refuges for fish and birds.
The highest point is at 3,749 feet, which is 853 feet above the island's shores.
The 40 km-wide strait between the Kamchatka Peninsula and this island is called Litke Strait.
Access is from Imabari by fast or slow ferry boat.
Mo'oreaa/) is a high island in French Polynesia, one of the Windward Islands, part of the Society Islands, 17 kilometres northwest of Tahiti.
The majority of the island is wooded and it is known for its white sandy beaches and easy access by boat.
It was named by Captain Lester A. Beardslee of the United States Navy in 1880.
Today there is a regular ferry service and tourism is the mainstay of the economy.
The church contains 68 paintings by Tripo Kokolja, a famous 17th-century baroque artist from Perast.
Mafia Island is part of the Tanzanian Zanzibar Archipelago, together with Unguja, Pemba and Latham Island.
St. Pierre Island is a raised reef island west of Providence Atoll and part of Farquhar Group, which belongs to the Outer Islands of the Seychelles.
The island group has enjoyed protected area status since the 1960s and since 2011, it has been part of the Investigator Group Wilderness Protection Area.
They are part of the Qikiqtaaluk Region, in the Canadian territory of Nunavut.
Its significant population compared with its small size results in its being the most densely populated island on Earth.
Clarence Island is an island in the Magallanes Region.
The Exchange Bridge and Tuchkov Bridge across the Malaya Neva connect it with Petrogradsky Island.
It is mostly a lowland area rising to around 800 m above sea level.
The Joinville Island group was discovered in 1838 by a French expedition under Captain Jules Dumont d'Urville.
The islands, the surrounding mudflats and the territorial waters form a close ecological relationship.
Lougheed Island is one of the uninhabited islands of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut.
It is part of Bear Mountain State Park, although it is occasionally listed separately as Iona Island State Park.
It is situated 8 kilometers southwest of Tinian, from which it is separated by the Tinian Channel.
It is located between the islands of Útila and Guanaja, and is the largest of the Bay Islands of Honduras.
It is located between the Vestfjorden and the Norwegian Sea.
The deliberate wrecking of ships has not been a Channel Island trait, although the recovery of goods from a natural wreck has always been undertaken.
This atoll is 14 kilometres long and 3.5 kilometres wide.
It is part of the municipality of Concepcion.
It is associated with the sestiere of Cannaregio, from which it lies a short distance northeast.
The United Kingdom claimed and incorporated Rockall in 1955.
The Knarrlagsundet bridge connects the two islands.
The islet covers an area of 3 hectares.
Surtsey is a volcanic island located in the Vestmannaeyjar archipelago off the southern coast of Iceland.
Koh Seh is uninhabited while most of its shores are fringed with mangroves.
The island has two inhabitants, a guard of the Nature Reserve, and a Portuguese biologist studying the bird Cory's shearwater, cagarra in Portuguese.
Visokoi Island is an uninhabited island in the Traversay Islands group of the South Sandwich Islands.
It is around 30 hectares or 0.3 square km in size.
It contains a large, natural harbor, Pago Pago Harbor, where Pago Pago, the capital of American Samoa is situated.
Vanavana, Kurataki, or Huataki is an atoll in the southeastern area of the Tuamotu Archipelago, French Polynesia.
Two more settlements were started in the early and mid-20th century: Botni, north west of Vágur, and Tjaldavík, in a bay south east of Øravík.
There is no Washington State Ferries service to Decatur; access is by private boat or plane.
In a more narrow sense, just the southeastern peninsula of Mecherchar is called Eil Malk.
The island is of volcanic origin and is approximately 1 km long and 0.6 km wide.
Clear Island or Cape Clear Island lies south-west of County Cork in Ireland.
Blackwood Island is of mythological significance to Aborigines.
The island encloses Loch Drumbuie, a popular anchorage for yachts and a temporary home to fish farm cages.
Als is a Danish island in the Baltic Sea.
It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Captain A.F.
The island is home to the entire royal penguin population during their annual nesting season.
The historic Sandøy Church is located on this island.
It is a Baffin Island offshore island located in Frobisher Bay, southeast of Iqaluit.
Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Lieutenant T.H.
The main population centres on Gimsøya include Vinje, Hov, Hovsund, Barstrand, Gimsøysand, and Årrstranda.
The island was part of Borgund Municipality until 1968 when it was merged into Ålesund Municipality.
From 1956 to 1959 it was home to "Base W" of the British Antarctic Survey and closed after the end of the International Geophysical Year.
Kaukura or Kaheko is an atoll in the Tuamotu group in French Polynesia, 48 km long and 15 km wide.
There is an undersea tunnel, the Godøy Tunnel, which connects Godøy to the neighboring island of Giske.
Two stranded wrecks lie about 90 m off the south shore along the reef line.
Dorset Island or Cape Dorset Island is one of the Canadian Arctic islands located in Hudson Strait, Nunavut, Canada.
To provide refuge for fishing vessels, a small harbor has been put in place.
Kolven Island is a small island lying 1 kilometre east of Stedet Island and just northeast of Falla Bluff, in Utstikkar Bay, Mac.
They gave the name Filla to a larger island here, presumably for the ragged outline of the feature as shown on the Norwegian chart.
The coastline has steep cliffs, gigantic sea caves, coves, and sandy beaches.
There is a lagoon where private vessel can moor or anchor overnight, but there is no overnight accommodation on the island.
It was purchased by Brendan Clouston, a Canadian businessman, who was formerly president of Tele-Communications Inc..
Administratively, it, along with Weizhou Island, forms the town of Weizhou, in Haicheng District, Beihai, Guangxi.
Hestmona or Hestmannøy is an island on the border of the municipalities of Rødøy and Lurøy in Nordland county, Norway.
It is located off the southwestern coast of Luzon and northeast of Palawan.
It is a Baffin Island offshore island in Hudson Strait.
Herdla Church is located on the island.
It lies in Cumberland Sound, approximately 15.4 km from Robert Peel Inlet
It is part of the town of LaSalle, Ontario, Canada, opposite Wyandotte, Michigan and downriver from Detroit, Michigan and Windsor, Ontario.
Linga is one of the Shetland Islands, in Yell Sound.
Swains Island is also known as Olosenga Island or Olohega Island.
At one point there was a post office on the island; this has now closed
The position of the island and its outline were corrected from U.S. Landsat imagery of 1973–75 and 1979.
Zamami Island is 24 kilometers in circumference.
Frøya is an island in the western part of Bremanger Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.
Liddon Island is one of several irregularly shaped islands located in the Fury and Hecla Strait of Nunavut's Qikiqtaaluk Region within the northern Canadian Arctic.
Gun Cay, the northernmost, is only 400 metres from the Jamaican mainland.
In 2008 it has revealed plans to build "Asia’s first environmentally planned resort island."
The northern border of the peninsula is variously defined.
The island group has enjoyed protected area status since the 1960s and since 2011, it been part of the Investigator Group Wilderness Protection Area.
Other island groups in the vicinity include the Miles Islands, Nauyan Islands, Outpost Islands, Richardson Islands, and Sisters Islands.
Vasilyevsky Island is separated from Dekabristov Island by the Smolenka River.
The island, 247.77 km2 in area, has a population of approximately 27,000.
In 2016, Boracay headed the magazine's list of Top 10 destinations to watch .
There are two main island groups: Shetland and Orkney.
To its south lie Akulagok Island and Kekerten Island.
Roosevelt Island lies within the boundaries of the Ross Dependency, New Zealand's Antarctic claim.
Long and narrow, the island is 21 km2.
It shelters the harbour of Scalloway and has an area of 275 hectares.
Calibang is an island located west of Linapacan in northern Palawan in the Philippines.
Ruapuke Island is one of the southernmost islands in New Zealand's main chain of islands.
Himamylan is an uninhabited island in northeastern Iloilo, Philippines.
Visitors can arrange privately for small boat access through the Co-op shop on Papa Westray.
Mios Num is an island of the Yapen Islands group, in Papua Province of Western New Guinea, northeastern Indonesia.
The island is only accessible by boat.
Madagascar originated as part of the Gondwana supercontinent.
It is a frazione of the comune of Lipari.
It is home to a 42-foot-tall lighthouse, which was built in 1893 and automated in 1967.
Copenhagen Airport is located on the island, around 7 km from Copenhagen city centre.
It is included in the commune of Rangiroa.
The archipelago is composed of 14 islands.
The villages of Årviksand, Arnøyhamn, Akkarvik, and Lauksletta are located on the island.
Today, Ternate City is the largest town in the province of North Maluku, within which the island constitutes a municipality.
It is located within western Hudson Bay, 26.1 km from the community of Whale Cove.
The island consists of two plateau levels.
The names "Hiort" and "Hirta" have also been applied to the entire archipelago.
It is part of the state of Baja California, located northwest of Tiburón Island.
Nest Island is one of the many uninhabited Canadian arctic islands in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut.
Ulva Island's relative isolation, but easy access from Stewart Island has allowed it to become an important natural resource area.
Within Indonesia, only Sumatra, Borneo and Papua are larger in territory, and only Java and Sumatra have larger populations.
The 6.4-square-kilometre island is located just north of Fjellværsøya island.
Langeland is a Danish island located between the Great Belt and Bay of Kiel.
The island is of archaeological interest, with at least two sites that have been professionally excavated.
Since at least 1972, it has been part of the Penguin Island Conservation Park.
Cres is an Adriatic island in Croatia.
Islands in the immediate vicinity include: Field Island to the east; Bruce Island to the northeast; Pike and Pugh Islands to the west.
Rugged Island is located at 62°38′S 61°15′W.
The population of the atoll was 1,081 in 2000, on an area of 4.5 km2.
Ticao Island, is an island with a total land area of is one of the three major islands of Masbate province in the Philippines.
History and literature have ensured that most people are familiar with the islands of Elba and Montecristo.
Its jagged outline gives the island its name, Nihoa, which means "tooth" in the Hawaiian language.
The ferry to Utsira operates from the Garpaskjær dock north on the island.
Primary industries are tourism, fishing and construction.
Other than a few concrete blocks on the western side of the island there are no remains of these extensive structures to be seen today.
Ilikok Island is an uninhabited island in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada.
Meade, Cartographer-in-charge in the Admiralty Hydrographic Office at that time.
It is named after the English Captain John Williams Wilson.
The Boree Islands are two small islands 4 kilometres west of Point Widdows, Enderby Land.
Apollo Island is a small ice-covered island about 33 kilometres east-northeast of Blåskimen Island in the northwest part of the Fimbul Ice Shelf, Queen Maud Land.
It is approximately 16 kilometres off the western coast of Busuanga Island, which is approximately a 40-minute flight from Manila.
Pheasant Island is a river island in the Bidasoa river.
Biak is part of the Biak Islands.
So named by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey, following a 1948 resurvey, for its supposed resemblance to an à la mode confection.
Located off the coast from Spencer Spit State Park, it is a popular nesting location for gulls.
The entire island is served by a direct bus link to Svendborg city centre, from where onward routes cover the Funen region.
Isla La Ventana, the window, is an island in the Gulf of California, located within Bahía de los Ángeles east of the Baja California Peninsula.
Antipsara had 4 inhabitants according to the 2011 census.
It is surrounded by a marine nature reserve and is managed by the Wildlife Trust of South and West Wales.
However, the islands weren't known as the Charity Islands until after 1845.
Its capital is Cebu City, the oldest city and first capital of the Philippines, which is politically independent from the provincial government.
Clark Island is one of the many uninhabited Canadian arctic islands in the Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut.
Luzon, is the largest and most populous island in the Philippines.
It lies in the Bellingshausen Sea west of Palmer Land, Antarctic Peninsula from which it is separated by Marguerite Bay and George VI Sound.
The 11.4-square-kilometre island lies west of the island of Gurskøya, north of the island of Voksa, and northeast of the island of Kvamsøya.
Constituting the westernmost bulk of the archipelago, it borders the Arctic Ocean, the Norwegian Sea, and the Greenland Sea.
Charity Island Light was constructed in 1857.
The Irish name Inis Cathaigh was formerly anglicised Iniscathy, which later became Iniscattery and finally Scattery.
Black oystercatchers are often seen looking for food in the vicinity of the island.
The public facilities and infrastructure on the island are managed by the Townsville City Council.
The island is accessible only at high tide by boat.
The Plowmans also funded the nationwide Next Foundation.
Rising 35 metres above sea level, it has an area of 43 hectares.
The Sande Church is located on the southern shore.
The Hannam Islands are three small islands lying in the eastern part of Commonwealth Bay, Antarctica, midway between Cape Denison and Cape Gray.
It was named after the Kista Dan which was used by ANARE as an expedition ship, 1954–57.
Politically, the island is divided into two provinces: Leyte and Southern Leyte.
The islands are located 100 kilometres northwest of Misima and form the northernmost group of Louisiade archipelago .
In March 2007 the island was acquired by Caixa Galicia for 8.5 million euros.
Before his expulsion, Jean-Jacques Rousseau, spent two months on the island in 1765 calling it the "happiest time of his life".
Papa lies north west of Burra and east of Oxna in the Shetland Islands.
The island of Gotland and the other areas of the province of Gotland make up less than one percent of Sweden's total land area.
Faraulep is located approximately 100 kilometres southwest of Gaferut, 150 kilometres northeast of Woleai, and 700 kilometres east of Yap.
The island had a population of 1,648 living on 2.09 square kilometers in 2010.
The name remains significant and spectacular especially in the Australian tourism industry.
In terms of the area, this is the third island of the archipelago behind Bolzhoy Solovetsky and Anzersky Islands.
It is located at 80°09′05″N 32°35′37″E, making it the easternmost part of the Kingdom of Norway.
It is named after American marine biologists Charles and Margaret Amsler of the University of Alabama at Birmingham.
The Digges Islands are members of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the territory of Nunavut.
The area is popular for sea kayaking and a challenge for larger boats.
The island was named by American Arctic explorer Charles Francis Hall.
People from Governador Island suffer from high pollution from Guanabara Bay.
The Nichols Islands are an island group located inside western Coronation Gulf, south of Victoria Island, in the Kitikmeot Region, Nunavut, Canada.
The island's area is 113,729 square kilometres, making it the world's 14th-largest island.
The island came under the control of the Empire of Japan after World War I, and was subsequently administered under the South Pacific Mandate.
It is part of the town of Matsumae in Matsumae District, Oshima Subprefecture in Hokkaidō, Japan.
Nero Island is an uninhabited island in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada.
It is situated 572 km south of Tahiti.
Inchcailloch is an island on Loch Lomond in Scotland.
It is part of the Qaasuitsup municipality, Greenland.
Also arrested on Lyell Island was a Canadian MP, Svend Robinson.
Its north cliff appears to have the profile of a human face, visible when travelling to St Kilda from the east.
Tromsø Airport is situated on the western side of the island.
Abd al Kuri has a number of endemic plant species and an endemic bird, the Abd al-Kuri sparrow with estimated population of fewer than 1,000.
The place names of the islands are dominated by their Norse heritage, although some may retain pre-Celtic elements.
McBride Island is one of the many uninhabited Canadian arctic islands in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut.
The rocks are named after the town of Koynare in northwestern Bulgaria.
The company are called Systematic Aviation Services, and with a fleet of small single prop Cessna aircraft, the trip takes around 1 hr 15 minutes.
When cattle were first introduced to the island, they were killed by dehydration.
It is uninhabited except for the personnel of a weather station which the South African National Antarctic Programme has maintained continually on the island since 1956.
The island had six households located along a "street" at Rubh' an Aiseig in the north west at some point, probably in the early 19th century.
The islanders are dependent mainly on fishing, agriculture and seasonal tourism.
Nusa Laut is the smallest inhabited island in the Lease Islands group east of Ambon, in Indonesia's Maluku province.
On the south side of the island at Aidomari, there are a lighthouse and a heliport operated by Japan Coast Guard.
Tay Bay is on the west coast.
Kodiak Island is the namesake for Kodiak Seamount, which lies off the coast at the Aleutian Trench.
It is the largest of the four Lake Michigan islands in the Michigan Islands NWR, and the only one to have a substantial forest ecosystem.
The island is known by stone spheres with dimensions from millimetres to several meters.
Tuanake is located only 7.5 kilometres to the northwest of Hiti Atoll.
There are about 661 inhabitants on the island.
'Holm' is from the Old Norse holmr, meaning a small and rounded islet.
Stevensons Island is a small 65-hectare island in the Stevensons Arm section of Lake Wanaka, New Zealand.
The Canadian Arctic Archipelago, also known as the Arctic Archipelago, is a group of islands north of the Canadian mainland.
EnøOverdrev in the southern part is a nature reserve and bird sanctuary.
It lies just east of Fitzwilliam Owen Island, south-west of the Ballantyne Strait.
The island got its name from the presence of magnetism identified during a geological survey in 1951.
Excavation by the Cambridge Keros Project in 2008 revealed a large Bronze Age settlement.
The island's largest town is Daruba, on the islands south coast.
Gaelic Ireland had emerged by the 1st century CE.
Iceberg B31 is a large iceberg that formed in November 2013, when it separated from the Pine Island Glacier.
It was named by the UK-APC in 1959 after Nathaniel Winkle, a member of the Pickwick Club in Charles Dickens' Pickwick Papers.
Carabane, also known as Karabane, is an island and a village located in the extreme south-west of Senegal, in the mouth of the Casamance River.
The southeastern part of the island is the most agriculturally productive.
Bras Island, along with the rest of the atoll, is located in Supiori Regency of Papua province.
Two resorts north of San Pedro played host to the first season of Fox's Temptation Island in 2000, aired in 2001.
It is administered by the municipality of Ithaca and is situated 30 km east of the island.
The first is the Osterøy Bridge, built in 1997 on the southwestern tip of the island.
The Kalix archipelago is a group of 792 Swedish islands in the north part of the Bay of Bothnia.
It has an area of about 270 hectares, the majority of which is part of Rakiura National Park.
It blocks the mouth of the Saint Lawrence River, creating the Gulf of Saint Lawrence, the world's largest estuary.
Its name is said to be derived from the thyme that grows throughout the island.
Manamoc is an island-barangay in the Sulu Sea, in the northeastern part of the province of Palawan in the Philippines.
Much later, it was named for Prince Arthur William Patrick, Duke of Connaught, who was Governor General from 1911 to 1916.
The island belongs to India and forms a part of the Gulf of Mannar Marine National Park.
The airport at Resolute acts as a communications hub for the central Arctic islands of Nunavut.
It is administered by the municipality of Ithaca and is 24 km east of the island.
There are several buildings on the island, the largest being the Art Deco Burgh Island Hotel.
The island of Idsal lies immediately to the south and the island of Heng lies a short distance to the north of Idse.
That barrier reef is the second largest in the world, after the Great Barrier Reef of Australia.
Poro Island is an island in the province of Cebu, located east of Cebu Island and west of Leyte Island.
Bulandet Chapel is located at Kjempeneset on one of the main islands.
There is a ferry link that runs between Altevik on Sandsøya, Fenes on Grytøya, and Austnes on Bjarkøya.
Margaret Island is a member of the Queen Elizabeth Islands and the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the territory of Nunavut.
It is located in the Litke Islands subgroup of the Nordenskiöld Archipelago.
The island measures 285 km2 and, as of 1 January 2010, has a population of 13,277.
The Outer Islands are defined as "all the islands comprised in the State of Mauritius other than the Islands of Mauritius and Rodrigues".
Mendel Polar Station, the first Czech Antarctic Base, is located on the island.
There are many relatively large islands on Tematagi's reef, as well as a few small motu.
Orust is home to approximately 15,160 inhabitants in the winter and many more in the summer.
Unlike Isola Bella and Isola Madre, the island no longer belongs to the Borromeo.
The island has a land area of 75 km2.
Link Island is a small island at the outer margin of the Duroch Islands, approximately 6 kilometres northwest of Halpern Point, Trinity Peninsula, Antarctica.
Faris Island is one of the many uninhabited Canadian arctic islands in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut.
It was then purchased by Andrés Soriano Jr., a successful businessman.
The island is situated north of the Australian mainland and south of the island of New Guinea.
Rømø is a Danish island in the Wadden Sea.
A few mainland settlements of significance are Coopers Town and Fox Town in the north and Cherokee and Sandy Point in the south.
Paraclete Charter Service and Island Express Charters provide passenger-only ferry service to Decatur from Anacortes.
They fall within the administration of the municipality of Sfakia, in Chania regional unit.
The islands, about 60 m above sea level, are separated by a narrow channel.
The village of Gambell is an island located on the northwest cape, 36 miles from the Chukchi Peninsula in the Russian Far East.
It was so named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee because a distinctive cirque makes a dent, or dint, on the south side of the island.
Epi is an island in Shefa Province, Vanuatu, at the north end of the Shepherd Islands.
It is part of the municipality of Ýdra in Islands regional unit and reported a population of 18 persons at the 2011 census.
It is situated in the Maluku Province, Indonesia.
Upolu is an island in Samoa, formed by a massive basaltic shield volcano which rises from the seafloor of the western Pacific Ocean.
Unlike most other atolls, Arno encloses three different lagoons, a large central one, and two smaller ones in the north and east.
It was named by the Antarctic Names Committee of Australia for W.D.
The population of the island is 656.
Interest in the island re-emerged in the 2000s on account of its undisturbed historic ruins, and it gradually became a tourist attraction of a sort.
During the summer months, excursion boats from Ierapetra leave the quay every morning and return in the afternoon.
The island was discovered by Georgy Ushakov and Nikolay Urvantsev during their 1930-32 expedition.
Many of the Admiralty Islands are atolls and uninhabited.
On Sør-Leksa there is a small fishing harbour with a breakwater whose construction work was finished in 1978.
It is separated from the mainland by Toro Passage, which is 400 to 700 meters wide and seven kilometers long, and 1.8 to 5.5 meters deep.
Shag Island is a low island located at the mouth of Fisherman's Bay in Spencer Gulf, South Australia.
In 2005, "Taquile and Its Textile Art" were honored by being proclaimed "Masterpieces of the Oral and Intangible Heritage of Humanity" by UNESCO.
The island lies in Frobisher Bay, southwest of Hamlen Bay and the Hall Peninsula.
Long Island is an island off the Kimberley coast of Western Australia.
The uninhabited island is within Loreto Municipality.
Stabblandet is an island in Aure Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
For statistical purposes, Howland is grouped as one of the United States Minor Outlying Islands.
There are various well-preserved Neolithic tombs, as well as evidence of Bronze Age settlement and the remains of a Norse-era castle.
On the Rona side are Garbh Eilean and Eilean Seamraig.
A Japanese kamikaze plane is supposed to have tried to destroy the emplacements, but crashed nearby in the sea.
Inhabitants of the islands are known for their pandanus fiber weaving skills.
Grape Island is forested, predominantly with American sycamores.
That area has been designated the Blennerhassett Island Historical State Park and the island was named for him.
Access to the island is prohibited since Rottumerplaat is a resting and forage area for numerous bird species.
The first records are from 1387 when it was called Rango.
Along its circumference of 13 km is a beach of fine sand.
Annet is a bird sanctuary and the main seabird breeding site in Scilly.
The Mau, Samoa's non-violent movement for political independence during colonialism in the early 1900s, had its beginnings on Savai'i with the Mau a Pule movement.
It is separated from Liège Island on the north by Zlogosh Passage, and from Albena Peninsula, Brabant Island on the south by Sumer Passage.
Jules Dumont d'Urville put anchor off the island when conditions aboard the Astrolabe and Zelee became overwhelming.
Located at the crossing of the Piraeus-Chania and Cape Maleas-Izmir shipping lanes, it is considered a significant navigational hazard due to the strong surrounding currents.
The fort is isolated by a rampart and had a ditch on either side.
The name of the island comes from the nautical term careening, which means to lean a ship on its side for repairing or scraping its hull.
It has also been called the Malay World, Indo-Australian Archipelago, East Indies, Nusantara, Spices Archipelago, and other names over time.
Increasing interest in the island resulted in an initiative for its protection as a site of industrial heritage.
It is an almost circular, volcanic island marked by steep sides, 0.8 kilometres long and 240 m high, lying 37 kilometres east of King George Island.
The atoll is made up by eleven small barren islands with deeper and more fertile soil than other atolls in the Tuamotus.
The island serves as a major stop-over going to Tinaga Island where the well-known long beach Mahabang Buhangin is located.
Totality occurs in a narrow path across Earth's surface, with the partial solar eclipse visible over a surrounding region thousands of kilometres wide.
The rocks were discovered by the French corvette Bayonnaise in 1850 while surveying the island south of Tokyo Bay.
It is the northernmost of the inhabited British Isles and is the third largest island in Shetland after the Mainland and Yell.
Handicrafts on the island include woodcarving, fine goldwork, Ikat weaving.
Tepoto, also known as Te Poto, Toho, or Pukapoto, is a coral island.
The largest island is also called Valaam.
It lies about 37 km southeast from the Gambier Islands and more than 1,700 kilometres southeast from Mataiva, at the other end of the Tuamotu archipelago.
The Roman Catholic Church of Our Lady of the Rocks is the largest building on the islet; it has a museum attached.
The smaller Durban Island is approximately 7 km to the east, while Auyuittuq National Park Reserve is to the west.
Vendelsöarna is a popular picnic destination and can be reached by boat.
As with almost all of the islands in the refuge, human access is prohibited and boats may not approach to within 200 yards.
Valaxa is a Greek island in the Sporades.
In ancient times, Moku Ola was a pu'uhonua, where natives or warriors could 'redeem' themselves.
The following is a list of islands of Michigan.
Divers and snorkelers have the chance to visit a truly untouched paradise, in fact, the Marine park was established long before tourism reached this area.
There are extreme east to the highest island group.
The island is located near the junctions of the Freifjorden, Kvernesfjorden, and Tingvollfjorden.
Its area is 2.5 square kilometers and its population is 64 inhabitants according to 2011 census.
As of December 2012 the island had a population of 4,610.
The group of islands was shown and named in Abraham Ortelius's atlas published in 1570.
Akulagok Island, Aupaluktok Island, Imigen Island, Kekerten Island, Kekertukdjuak Island, Tesseralik Island, Tuapait Island, and Ugpitimik Island are in the vicinity.
The Ombofjorden to the east, Gardssundfjorden to the south, Gapafjorden to the west, and Jelsafjorden to the north.
Twelve main urban areas are in the North Island.
It can be reached by post boat from Marstal on Ærø in 25 minutes.
It remains uninhabited except in the fishing season, i.e.
The feature is 320 m long in east-west direction and 110 m wide.
The population density on the small island village is 1,092 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Ilhéu Grande is an uninhabited island of Cape Verde.
Administratively it belongs to the Sakha Republic of the Russian Federation.
Wagifa Island is an island of Papua New Guinea.
Whitton Island is owned by Associated British Ports who have been in discussion with the RSPB during 2014 over its future management.
Gwaii Haanas National Park Reserve and Haida Heritage Site includes Moresby and other islands.
There is no permanent population, but there might be at any given time just under 100 National Park staff members and other personnel on the islands.
Banton is a fifth-class municipality in the province of Romblon, Philippines.
The contours are very steep, especially on the west side of the island.
In 2015, the government of Belize announced its intentions to build a forward operating base for the Belize Coast Guard on Sarstoon Island.
Faaite's inner lagoon has a navigable channel to the ocean.
Hachijō-jima is also within the boundaries of the Fuji-Hakone-Izu National Park.
57 of 2003, and activities on the islands are therefore restricted to research and conservation management.
The informal name Bakarøy is commonly used locally.
People make several offerings to these deities each year, and they offer three coca leaves prior to each activity or trip.
It is the type locality for a rare beetle, the Amychus granulatus, although it is possibly extinct there now.
Nelly Island is the largest and easternmost of the Frazier Islands, lying in Vincennes Bay off Wilkes Land, East Antarctica.
The island occupies an area of 1,136 hectares.
The Windward Islands are the eastern group of the Society Islands in French Polynesia, an overseas collectivity of France in the southern Pacific Ocean.
The area is 33 hectares and the highest point is 42 metres above sea level.
Over the years Robbins Island has changed ownership and to this day remains privately owned.
The three main islands are separated by "bights", estuaries that trifurcate the island, connecting the island's east and west coasts.
With 141,938 inhabitants, it is the third-most populous Canary Island, after Tenerife and Gran Canaria.
Its geographic center is close to 45 degrees 57 minutes N., 84 degrees 23 minutes W.
Bergsøya is an island in Gjemnes Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
The name "Kataja" is Finnish for juniper.
It was situated off the coast of present-day Groningen in the Netherlands, between the islands of Schiermonnikoog and Borkum.
It is the second largest of the Tuamotu atolls.
Hoppner Island is an island in Ontario's Georgian Bay.
In 2009, the island was included in Mols Bjerge National Park.
It may have had an important role during the Kingdom of Dalriada and is the ancestral home of Clan MacNeill.
Very few people are actually allowed to land on the island as this would affect the lizards' unadvanced immune systems.
Politically the island belongs to the municipality of Selzach in the district of Lebern.
It is a popular location for divers, as well as famous for its white sand beaches, for which it is named.
Jersey claims a territorial sea of 3 nmi and an exclusive fishing zone of 12 nmi.
Fishing is the main activity around the islands, usually by fishing boats making the short trip from the Paraguaná Peninsula in Venezuela.
The MRNFQ has yet to recognize the 7 sites proposed by SOS Levasseur.
Isla Roca Lobos, is an island in the Gulf of California east of the Baja California Peninsula.
Winter Island is an uninhabited island of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in Quikqtaaluk, Nunavut.
Its most important village is Tupapati, located on the atoll Hikueru.
With an area of 562.3 square miles, it is the fourth largest of these islands and the 21st largest island in the United States.
Süderoog is inhabited by a couple who rent the Hallig from the state of Schleswig-Holstein.
The island is surrounded by the Intracoastal Waterway and the Atlantic Ocean.
It further extends to Merrie England Shoals, with depths of less than two meters.
Isla Granito, is an island in the Gulf of California east of the Baja California Peninsula.
Blue Lagoon Island is a private island located 5 km from Nassau, Bahamas and serves as a local tourist attraction.
Fishing is the main source of income for the island's residents.
Eileanan Chearabhaigh is a collection of small uninhabited tidal islands off the south east coast of Benbecula in the Outer Hebrides of Scotland.
Seiland is the eighth largest island in mainland Norway, located in Finnmark county.
The island contains the natural World Heritage Site Jeju Volcanic Island and Lava Tubes.
In the 2011 census it had a usually resident population of 966.
Once inhabited, the island was the scene of unsuccessful experiments with rocket mail, since commemorated in two films.
Damselfish, gobies and wrasses are the most abundant fish families.
The island is part of the Shishalh people's traditional territory, referenced as Malibu Isle on all nautical charts and topographic maps.
Teuri Island is an island of the western coast of Hokkaidō, Japan in the Sea of Japan.
The rats were eradicated in the fall of 2007 by spraying rat poison on the island.
The island is home to agriculture and fish processing.
Appat Island is an uninhabited island in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland.
Subantarctic islands are the islands around Antarctica situated north of and adjacent to the Antarctic Convergence.
The island forms part of the Ross Dependency, claimed by New Zealand.
Pransh Chopra, Indian film actor who appears in Bollywood films
These are known as the Seal Rocks.
The northern shore is scattered with small rocky outcrops and select areas of marsh.
Since then the NTS has engaged in new initiatives to attract new residents and visitors to the island.
Leksa is made up of the smaller north island, Nord-Leksa, and the larger south island, Sør-Leksa.
There is a beach of greywacke shingle along the east side of the island.
There is also a connection by the Hurtigruten from Sandsøya to Harstad, Austnes, and Senja.
Pinta Island, also known as Abingdon Island, after the Earl of Abingdon, is an island located in the Galápagos Islands group, Ecuador.
Hokagon Island is an island located within Coronation Gulf, south of Victoria Island, in the Kitikmeot Region, Nunavut, Canada.
Visitors are allowed on the island for nature walks, snorkeling, and swimming; however, visitors are not allowed to stay on the island overnight.
Leskov Island is a small uninhabited island in the Traversay Islands group of the South Sandwich Islands.
The swift upper reaches of rivers, which occasionally overflow and cause flooding and landslides, generally cut deeply into the conic slopes.
The island is also known as Chrisi.
Hoste Island has the southernmost trees on earth, Nothofagus antarctica.
Politically the island belongs to the municipality of Sils im Engadin/Segl in the district of Maloja.
It is one of several islands plotted as a part of "Flatoy" by Norwegian cartographers from air photos taken by the Lars Christensen Expedition, 1936-37.
Valderøya is an island off the west coast of Norway.
It is located within the Budd Reef and large formations of rocks, known as the Gangway rocks, make navigation around the island dangerous at night.
Whale Sound and Toms Harbour are on the eastern coast, and Frozen Strait is just beyond.
Forestry, fishing and mining have featured in its history.
It is 16.75 km northwest of Charlton Island.
Since 2004, the island has been part of the Memory Cove Wilderness Protection Area.
Tustna is an island in Aure Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
Anuanurunga is an atoll in French Polynesia, Pacific Ocean.
Kidston Island is an uninhabited island in the Bras d'Or Lakes in Baddeck, Nova Scotia.
The islands are situated in the Arctic Ocean, west of Ellesmere Island from 77° to 81° North and 85° to 106° West.
The island is divided into three provinces: Samar province, Northern Samar province, and Eastern Samar province.
A small rocky islet called Pinnacle Rock lies 9.3 miles to the south of Saint Matthew Island.
It is situated near Torcello at the northern end of the Lagoon, and is known for its lace work and brightly coloured homes.
Carlota Island is an inhabited island in the province of Romblon in the Philippines.
The northernmost island of Germany, it is known for its tourist resorts, notably Westerland, Kampen and Wenningstedt-Braderup, as well as for its 40-kilometre-long sandy beach.
The Schnäggeninseli is an island in Lake Brienz, located in the Bernese Oberland.
Measuring 47 square kilometres, and located south of Mindoro, the island is home to the Ilin Island Cloudrunner, an endangered species of cloud rat.
The name Pandora Reef dates back to at least 1889.
The closest community is Kimmirut, 16.6 km away.
Zwagg Island, also known as Grand Island, is a non-populated island near Brookings in Curry County, Oregon, United States.
The climate is mild with higher than average sunshine hours and the soils are fertile.
Île de l'Est, or East Island, is a part of the subantarctic archipelago of the Crozet Islands.
It is currently owned by the Carling family.
The population numbered 108 at the 2001 census.
The Heiberg Islands are covering the entrance to the Vilkitsky Strait from the west.
The island is named after the settlement of Zverino in Western Bulgaria.
Off Cape Pillar are three rocks in the sea, called Islotes Evangelistas.
Read Island has a population of approximately 80 residents and is located within Electoral Area C of the Strathcona Regional District.
The island is 460 kilometres in length, 100 kilometres in width at its widest point, and 32,134 km2 in area.
Little Diomede Island is an island of Alaska, United States.
Author Lucy Maud Montgomery drew inspiration from the land during the late Victorian Era for the setting of her classic novel Anne of Green Gables.
It is owned and managed by the Queen Elizabeth II National Trust and is a major habitat for the North Island brown kiwi.
It is approximately 3.5 miles long and 1.5 miles wide, and 1,600 acres in area.
It is a member of the Button Islands and is situated 1.2 mi west-southwest of the southern end of MacColl Island.
In the bay beyond is a suspected crannog.
The islands are all active volcanoes lying atop an island arc that stretches south to the Marianas.
The Diego Ramírez Islands are a small group of islands located in the southernmost extreme of Chile.
These grassy islands are both remnants of ancient lava flows, and have a distinctive profile: flat-topped and trimmed with cliffs.
The Bishop and Clerk Islets are a 60-hectare group of islets, lying 33 kilometres south of Macquarie Island in the southwestern Pacific Ocean.
Pilektuak Island is an uninhabited island in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada.
Massey Island is an uninhabited island in the Bathurst Island group, Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada.
It is separated from the Chatham Island by the Esteban Channel, Guías Narrows and Inocentes Channel.
Jejudo has a moderate climate; even in winter, the temperature rarely falls below 0 °C.
The volcanic island is part of the Izu Islands
Mustapha Island is a bar island on the Ohio River in Wood County, West Virginia.
Malsori Island is an island in the north of Albania, in the Bojana river.
They consist of Candlemas Island and Vindication Island, divided by Nelson Channel, and numerous rocks.
Mark Island is one of the many uninhabited Canadian arctic islands in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut.
The Hobbs Islands are a group of islands 19 kilometres northeast of William Scoresby Bay, Antarctica.
The community of Duck Island is located near the northwest end of the former island, along the Trenton/Hamilton border.
The locality is known for its fishing and for occasional whale sightings in the winter.
It is considered part of South Harris Parish.
Kvamsøy is a small island in Balestrand Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.
The volcano in the island's southeast Marine Iguanas, sea lions, fur seals, land and sea turtles, flamingos, crabs, dolphins, and sharks are found here.
Swains Island is an atoll in the Tokelau chain.
Melkøya is an island in Hammerfest Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.
Scarba is a small island, in Argyll and Bute, Scotland, just north of the much larger island of Jura.
Its name is derived from Hodikof Point, and it lies in Sarana Bay on the east side of Attu.
Grisvågøya is an island in Aure Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
It is the westernmost of the Concepcion Islands and politically administered by the municipality of Concepcion.
Located on the island is most of the city of Alameda, a city in Alameda County.
Hassel Sound separates Amund Ringnes Island from Ellef Ringnes Island.
Many of the islands' display a mushroom-like shape with a smaller base at the intertidal notch than what lies above it.
Other Protestant beliefs exist in Moala today and these include: the JW's; SDA's, as well as Catholicism or relative thereof.
Pangkor Laut Island is a small island southwest of Pangkor Island, Perak, Malaysia.
On the island is found several old mines, that used to provide iron to the ironworks of Fritzøe and Bærum.
The surrounding waters are in the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park in the Coral Sea, which is administrated by the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Authority.
There is a small adjoining island that is separated at high tide, called Chera Dwip.
The 10.7-square-kilometre island lies southeast of the island of Stora Kalsøy and northwest of the large island of Huftarøy.
The island was owned by Richard Hill, 7th Baron Sandys and has not been permanently inhabited since the 1960s.
About 65% of the island is covered with glaciers.
The island is part of the Isla Mujeres Municipality in the State of Quintana Roo, Mexico.
The south-western coastline of the island forms part of the Southwest Anvers Island and Palmer Basin Antarctic Specially Managed Area.
The camp was under the command of leader of the Acadian resistance to the expulsion, Charles Deschamps de Boishébert et de Raffetot.
The island reached a peak population of 5,259 in 1959.
Access is only by boat or private ferry, arriving at the marina at the northern tip of the island.
Today the island is a nature reserve in the West Pomeranian Lagoon Area National Park.
The name Baccalieu is derived either from the Portuguese bacalhau, Spanish bacalao or the Basque baccalos, all meaning "codfish".
In 1849, Captain Tebenkov recorded the Tlingit name for the island as being Tlikh.
Currently there is no resident population on the islands.
Pescador Island is an island located in the Tañon Strait, a few kilometres from the western coast of the island of Cebu in the Philippines.
Alternatively Ragged Rock may be Green Island.
The group consists of the island of Motukawanui and the smaller islets of Motutapere, Panaki, Nukutaunga, Motuharakeke, Haraweka, and Motukawaiti Islands.
The crater of the volcano can be seen from the top of the island.
Historian R. N. DeArmond believed Cohen Island was named after a resident of Juneau and Sitka.
A narrow, freshwater sound, the Les Cheneaux Channel, separates Marquette Island from the Upper Peninsula of Michigan.
The island is named after Gergana Lapteva, geologist at St. Kliment Ohridski base in 2006/07 and subsequent seasons.
Varun Chopra, English cricketer, captained the English U-19 cricket team
The 9.1-square-kilometre island lies just south of the large island of Sotra, along the northern side of the Korsfjorden.
UNESCO records the Lord Howe Island Group as a World Heritage Site of global natural significance.
Qeqertarsuaq, meaning 'The Large Island' in the Greenlandic language, is an uninhabited island in the Sermersooq municipality in southwestern Greenland.
The importance of this small island lies in the fact that many environmental observations, like monitoring of species, are taken from it.
The Low Islets are a Marine National Park Zone.
Anchorage Island is an island about 1 km long and 0.5 km wide, approximately 2 km north-west of Davis Station.
The municipalities are Portoferraio, which is also the island's principal town, along with Campo nell'Elba, Capoliveri, Marciana, Marciana Marina, Porto Azzurro, Rio Marina, and Rio nell'Elba.
Its Quinnipiac name is "Massancummock", meaning "the place of the great fish hawks".
It is 74 hectares in size, and 13 metres at its highest point.
The entry and the anchorage of motorboats, as well as sailing boats are strictly forbidden.
The Léonie Islands were discovered and first roughly surveyed in 1909 by the Fourth French Antarctic Expedition under Jean-Baptiste Charcot.
Poverty Island is currently owned by the federal government.
Saint John is 50.8 km² in area with a population of 4,170.
Those wishing to visit Chapel Island should not attempt the crossing at any time other than low tide and should seek local advice.
The Martin Islands are to the north; the Hecla and Fury Islands are to the east.
It is the fourth largest island in the Eastern Caribbean with a population of people mainly from African descent.
In addition to Angilaaq Mountain, Malik Mountain, Mount St. Hans, and Mount Thule are notable.
It does own an island on the St. Lawrence River — Deer Island, in Alexandria Bay.
Worimo Reef, a drying reef of rocks and sand, over which the sea breaks heavily during the southeast trades, extends eight kilometers SSE from Bampton Point.
This route includes a bubbler system that stretches to the Barrack Street Dock in Kingston, Ontario.
Sand dunes are a characteristical part of Amrum's landscape, resulting in a vegetation that is largely made up of heath and shrubs.
The Nerlandsøy Bridge connects it to the island Nerlandsøya and a small road bridge connects it to Leinøya.
Aubrey Island is one of the many uninhabited Canadian Arctic islands in the Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut.
Inishglora is an island off the coast of the Mullet Peninsula in Erris, County Mayo in Ireland.
The island has poor soil which only supports rough grazing.
Babi Island is a 6 km long island located between Kelang and Seram.
At the western end of the island a hard, grey, limestone cliff rises 80 m above the lake's level.
The higher areas are generally very dry and are characterised by stunted vegetation, for example dry, lean grassland with thorn bushes.
However, most locals were sympathetic to the Confederacy, and many flew Confederate flags over their homes.
The inhabitants of Kelang speak the Luhu language, as well as Indonesian and Ambonese Malay.
Under normal conditions the island is above water, but it is subject to flooding during high water events in the Bluestone Lake pool.
There is only one community on the island, also named Igloolik.
Îles du Prince-de-Monaco is a small a group of islands belonging to the Kerguelen Islands and situated near the coast of Grande Terre, the principal island.
Malpelo Island is composed of Miocene pillow lavas, volcanic breccias, and basaltic dikes that have been dated as being 16 to 17 million years old.
It is part of the Thracian Sporades archipelago and is the northeastern-most Greek possession in the Aegean.
Rangiroa is home to about 2,500 people on almost 80 km2.
The island has an area of 4.1 square kilometers and has a coastline of 17.1 kilometres.
It was named after the French explorer Jules Dumont d'Urville.
Because Pokonji Dol is the eastern-most island of the Paklinski otoci archipelago, the lighthouse ensures the safe navigation of vessels coming from the open sea.
The mine is operated by Newcrest Mining Limited.
On the Beagle's second voyage in 1834, when Charles Darwin was part of the exploring party, Captain Robert FitzRoy called it "Middle Island".
The ferry at Værlandet travels to the village of Askvoll about 20 kilometres to the east.
The island is connected to the mainland road network by a series of bridges.
Raraka Atoll in the Tuamotus should not be confused with Raraka in Malaita, Solomon Islands 09°11′S 161°01′W.
To the south, across the Sumba Strait, is Sumba island and to the north, beyond the Flores Sea, is Sulawesi.
For some 600 years, the islanders were employed as skillful navigators for the Kingdom’s trading vessels between Okinawa and China.
Kuwanak Island is an island in Papua New Guinea, part of the Calvados Chain within the Louisiade Archipelago.
It got its name from being shaped like a rain drop.
Its maritime claims are an exclusive economic zone of 200 nautical miles, and a territorial sea of 12 nm.
Ylvingen is an island in the municipality of Vega in Nordland county, Norway.
The town of Boigu is the northernmost settlement of Australia.
Pabay Mòr or Pabaigh Mòr is an uninhabited island in the Outer Hebrides of Scotland.
Isla de la Convalecencia, commonly known as simply Isla de Convalecencia, is a small narrow river island in the Pasig River in Manila, the Philippines.
In 1936, there was a record catch of herring at Askrova.
The largest island Mainland is often referred to as "the Mainland".
The main town on the island is Svolvær.
The Breakwater Islands are an island group located in Coronation Gulf, south of Victoria Island, west of the Kent Peninsula, in the Kitikmeot Region, Nunavut, Canada.
Surrounded by more than 15 kilometres of coral reefs and several World War II shipwrecks, it is attractive to scuba divers.
It is the largest of the two islands in Lake Lauerz.
Clavering Island is a large island in eastern Greenland off Gael Hamkes Bay, to the south of Wollaston Foreland.
Another, bigger Hat Island is also in Nunavut.
The largest island, known as the "Mainland", has an area of 967 km2, making it the third-largest Scottish island and the fifth-largest of the British Isles.
He named the island Ducie in honour of Francis Reynolds-Moreton, 3rd Baron Ducie.
Sal is an island in Cape Verde.
The Ginger Islands are a group of islands lying west of Cape Alexandra, off the southern end of Adelaide Island, Antarctica.
The Point Retreat Light is located on the northern tip of Admiralty and was an important aid-to-navigation.
Robertson Island is a bar island in Marion County, West Virginia on the Tygart Valley River.
It is nicknamed the 'dumbbell island' due to its shape.
This is an advanced dive site where a diver can accidentally get dangerously deep.
The island is connected to the mainland by the Mjosund Bridge and Aursund Bridge.
Half of the production is used in the steel mills of Huachipato which also owns the mines.
Benbecula is an island of the Outer Hebrides, in the Atlantic Ocean off the west coast of Scotland.
Corregidor is one of the important historic and tourist sites in the country.
Vågsøy is an island in Vågsøy Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.
Named for the Dutch explorer Willem Barents, it is a part of Søraust-Svalbard Nature Reserve.
The island lies in Frobisher Bay, west of Kneeland Bay, and southwest of Royer Cover on the Hall Peninsula.
La Monja Island is a small, uninhabited island near the entrance to Manila Bay in the Philippines.
It is a Baffin Island offshore island located in Frobisher Bay, southeast of the capital city of Iqaluit.
Hispaniola is the site of the first permanent European settlement in the Americas, founded by Christopher Columbus on his voyages in 1492 and 1493.
The island is within Delta County in Lake Michigan and is home to the Poverty Island Light Station, an abandoned lighthouse which is in disrepair.
The largest settlement on the island is Kake, on the northwestern side of the island.
The English language name Keiravagh Islands is sometimes used.
The Sandycove Island Challenge is an open-water swimming race.
The largest town on the island Natapao,is located on the southern edge of the island.
Until December 2006, it was part of the province of Surigao del Norte.
Île d'Oléron is an island off the Atlantic coast of France, on the southern side of the Pertuis d'Antioche strait.
Together the islands cover an area of 1.2 square kilometers.
The Norwegian Store Norske and the Russian Arktikugol remain the only mining companies.
At 5,786 square kilometres it is just outside the 100 largest islands in the world, but is the second biggest island in Australia, after Tasmania.
Navarino Island is a Chilean island located between Isla Grande de Tierra del Fuego, to the north, and Cape Horn, to the south.
It is currently managed by Parks Victoria and used as a sculpture park.
Local people must also take some care to avoid Komodo dragons because Komodos in the area occasionally attack and kill humans.
Nearby Fishers Island is part of New York despite disputes from before 1879.
Notre Dame Island is an artificial island located in the Saint Lawrence River in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Monnikenlangenoogˌlɑŋənˌoːx]; English: Monks' Long Island), also called Moenkelangenoe, was a West Frisian island in the Wadden Sea.
The island is one of three West Frisian Islands in the province of Groningen.
It lies about 2 miles from Candlemas Island, separated by the Nelson Channel.
The island is home to the largest population of the endemic and critically endangered Philippine cockatoo in the wild in the Philippines.
The surface areas of the first two islands are 48 hectares and 18 hectares.
Guatemala later terminated the agreement, arguing that the United Kingdom had failed to live up to the conditions of the treaty.
It is the last island in a chain stretching south west of the Black Bay Peninsula in Lake Superior.
Boothia Peninsula's Oscar Bay is to the northeast.
Another, smaller Bjarnason Island is found in Lake Manitoba.
The islet was named in reference to Malmgren by his friends.
The quarantine buildings were dismantled when the Island was incorporated into the coastal defence scheme.
The archipelago of Gothenburg comprises northern and southern archipelagoes.
The state of Alaska later named Grindall Island in line with the point and passage.
Bosch disappeared in the Christmas Flood of 1717.
The 36-square-kilometre island is the main island of the municipality.
The island is located in the North Sea off the Dutch coast.
Nine bridges and 13 tunnels connect Brooklyn and Queens to the three other boroughs of New York City.
The Prince of Wales Island is administered by the Torres Shire Council.
Together with the Door Peninsula, Washington Island forms a treacherous strait that connects Green Bay to the rest of Lake Michigan.
The island sits in a group of islands with Sokn and Mosterøy to the north and Åmøy to the east.
not to be confused with Bawean Island
The island is named after the settlement of Balsha in western Bulgaria.
Heckmann Island is the largest island in the eastern part of the Thorfinn Islands, lying 13 kilometres north of Byrd Head, Mac.
Earle Island is a small island 6 kilometres southwest of Darwin Island which marks the southwest end of the Danger Islands.
The 15 inhabited islands have a total population of 26,900 and there are more than 50 substantial uninhabited islands.
As of the 2000 census, Etolin had a population of 15 persons.
Tysnesøya or Tysnesøy is an island in Tysnes municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.
There are regular ferry service with Yakushima, which is about 15 km to the east.
The feature was first mapped by the Soviet Antarctic Expedition in 1961 and named "Kupol Kroshka", which means, which means "crumb dome" in Russian.
It was photographed from the air by Operation Highjump, 1946–47, and was charted and named by the French Antarctic Expedition under André F. Liotard, 1949–51.
It is part of the Kea-Kythnos regional unit and in the municipality of Kea.
They extend east–west for about 5 km, and are separated from Elephant Island by Sealers Passage.
The Lesser Sunda Islands or Kepulauan Nusa Tenggara or Kepulauan Sunda Kecil are a group of islands in Maritime Southeast Asia, north of Australia.
The current usually resident population is 2, down from 9 in 2001.
Inishbofin has around 180 inhabitants and is a popular tourist destination.
It lies on the eastern side of Omarolluk Sound, across the mouth of Fairweather Sound.
The island's name in the native language was Tyterogaka or Tytheroygaka, which may mean "one that is all ochre".
The New Zealand Northern Survey Party of the Commonwealth Trans-Antarctic Expedition established a survey station on its highest point in October 1957.
Croatian monuments from the 13th century, the island is mentioned as "Gerona" or "Giruan".
Their total population at the 2016 census numbered 132,010 "Cape Bretoners"; this is approximately 15% of the provincial population.
Bronson Island is an uninhabited island in the Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada.
There are two houses on Inchfad, a modernized bungalow which served as the original farmhouse and a wooden house used as a holiday home.
Bora Bora is a major international tourist destination, famous for its aqua-centric luxury resorts.
Palaiosouda, also known as Marathi, is an islet located south of the town of Marathi, close to Souda Bay in Crete.
Tabiteuea, formerly Drummond's Island, is an atoll in the Gilbert Islands, Kiribati, farther south of the Tarawa Atoll.
Along with the adjacent waters, it was declared a nature reserve in 2002.
Stac nam Balg lies offshore to the north and there is a cave in the north west of the island.
At the southern shore of this newly created peninsula, a guesthouse of the Armenian Writers' Union was built.
North Stack is a small island situated just off Holy Island on the north-west coast of Anglesey.
Other islands in the vicinity include Galena Island, Ekalulia Island, Lewes Island, Patsy Klengenberg Island, Iglorua Island, and Walrus Island.
Mavronisi is a small islet off the southern coast of the Greek island of Crete and in the Libyan Sea.
They were discovered and named by Discovery Investigations personnel on the William Scoresby in February 1936.
The name was collected by the United States Geological Survey between 1976 and 1981, and entered into the Geographic Names Information System on March 31, 1981.
The Riether Werder, also Riethscher Werder, is an island in the Neuwarper See, a bay in the Stettin Lagoon.
From the 6th century onwards, Goidelic-speaking peoples from Ireland colonised it and it became a centre of religious activity.
Close to the island's northwest tip, there is the Russian Experiment Station Popov Station.
Nanukton Island is an island located within Coronation Gulf, south of Victoria Island, in the Kitikmeot Region, Nunavut, Canada.
Linga is a very small uninhabited island in the Bluemull Sound, Shetland, Scotland.
Its Spanish name "San Cristóbal" comes from the patron saint of seafarers, St. Christopher.
It was the host of the British television series Castaway 2000.
The atoll's lagoon is interesting for snorkelers because of the presence of giant clams.
Howe Island measures 13 km long and 5 km wide and has an area of 31 km².
Apart from a short period between 1989 - 1992, the owners of the island have received no royalties from the boat operators.
Along with its thick maritime forests, Topsail Island is also a sanctuary for sea turtles and known for its beautiful beaches.
Bills Island is an island in Antarctica.
The smaller companion island to Copinsay is called the Horse of Copinsay and lies to the north east to the main island.
Bildøyna or Bildøy is an island in Fjell municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.
The islands are located north of the island Gurskøy and southwest of Fosnavåg.
The island is one of two inhabited islands in Lac Vieux Desert, the other being Duck Island, Wisconsin.
The island has five reserves of the Mi'kmaq Nation: Eskasoni, Membertou, Wagmatcook, Waycobah, and Potlotek/Chapel Island.
Mapped from surveys by Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey.
This island is protected by the EPA Queensland in that migratory birds rest here.
The archipelago's total area is 26 km2.
The celebration is traditionally held each year on August 30.
It is separated from the mainland by the Brač Channel, which is 5 to 13 km wide.
Kumbli is a 0.023 ha uninhabited islet in the Gulf of Finland, near Tallinn, Estonia.
Surf spots break in the northwestern region of this island including Telescopes, Iceland, and Scarecrows.
The population of Lib Island is 115.
They form part of the Bailiwick of Jersey and are administratively part of the Parish of St. Martin.
Not to be confused with Diego Ramírez Islands, southwest of Cape Horn, that are the southernmost part of America.
Malangabang is an island and barangay in northeastern Iloilo, Philippines.
After the fall of Louisbourg in 1758, 4,000 inhabitants were deported.
Salliaruseq Island is an uninhabited island in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland.
It is believed that over 3000 Irish died on the island and over 5000 are currently buried in the cemetery there; many died en route.
Raklitsa Island is the rocky island in Boisguehenneuc Bay lying 650 m off the northwest coast of Liège Island in the Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica.
Isla Mosca, is an island in the Gulf of California, located within Bahía Concepción east of the Baja California Peninsula.
Akulagok Island, Kekerten Island, Kekertukdjuak Island, Miliakdjuin Island, Tesseralik Island, and Tuapait Island are in the vicinity.
At 211 km2, it is one of the larger islands in the Uummannaq Fjord system, located in its north-central part.
Rust marks from fired cannon shot are still visible on the rock.
Pebbly Mudstone Island is a small island in the southeast part of Duroch Islands.
Epsilon Island in the Antarctic is a small island lying between Alpha Island and the southern extremity of Lambda Island in the Melchior Islands, Palmer Archipelago.
Toau Atoll had a population of 18 in 2012.
Nearby Lingay is the subject of some folklore.
They were first roughly surveyed in 1936 by the British Graham Land Expedition under John Rymill.
The island is uninhabited and is part of the Ensenada Municipality.
The north coast faces the Qiongzhou Strait.
It takes its name from Mealista, a nearby township on Lewis.
Anholt is part of Norddjurs Municipality in Region Midtjylland.
The island's most notable features are its abandoned concrete buildings, undisturbed except by nature, and the surrounding sea wall.
There are also paintings by Italian artists, and an icon of Our Lady of the Rocks, by Lovro Dobričević of Kotor.
The island remained sparsely populated as an independent community but did not receive autonomy until the formation of Grosse Ile Township on October 27, 1914.
From west to east the island measures approximately 110 km, north-south about 50 kilometres.
It has an area of 45 ha and is 26m at its highest point.
It was discovered in February 1931 by the British Australian New Zealand Antarctic Research Expedition under Mawson, and named by him for Edward Kidson.
It is a volcanic island with an elevation of 130 m and an area of 40 ha.
Lion Island is a small island lying east of the mouth of Hunt Glacier in Granite Harbor, Victoria Land.
In the shallow waters surrounding the islands, there are invertebrates and small fish.
It is in Franklin Strait, west of the mainland's Boothia Peninsula, and 26.5 km southwest of Murchison Promontory.
Rockall  is a British uninhabited granite islet and is found within the exclusive economic zone of the United Kingdom, situated in the North Atlantic Ocean.
Geographically, together with Baker Island it forms part of the Phoenix Islands.
Tronchetto is an artificial island in the Venetian Lagoon, northern Italy, located at the westernmost tip of the main Venice island.
It is also visited for its white sandy beaches and rich bird life.
The entire island constitutes one municipality known as L'Île-d'Anticosti.
The island is used for sheep grazing and peat cutting.
Donnán is said to have established a church on the island, though no trace of this remains.
Unlike other major polders such as Noordoostpolder and the Wieringermeer, the Flevopolder is completely surrounded by bordering lakes, the Veluwemeer, Ketelmeer, and Gooimeer.
Choiseul Island, native name Lauru, is the largest island) of the Choiseul Province, Solomon Islands, at 7.08°S 157°E﻿ / -7.08; 157.
The closest land is small Pinaki Atoll, located 15 km to the southeast.
The roofless, plain, Old Haa of Houss is a prominent feature.
Regular weather observations began on May 14, 1948.
The island lies about 700 metres west of the mainland coast, just west of the village of Askvoll on the mainland.
After the Milford area was settled by the English in 1639 the island was referred to as Milford Island.
The Aransas Channel, formed by the separation of Mustang and San José islands, is protected by jetties extending into the gulf from each island.
The uninhabited Point Islands are located in Hudson Strait's Diana Bay.
Inchmurrin is an island in Loch Lomond in Scotland.
Politically the island belongs to the municipality of Quarten in the district of Sarganserland.
Herring Island was formed in 1928 by cutting a channel through an old basalt quarry.
Blaine Island serves as the South Charleston Manufacturing Site for the Union Carbide Corporation, a subsidiary of the Dow Chemical Company.
In the 1980s, Canadian forensic anthropologist Dr. Owen Beattie examined the three bodies, finding them to be remarkably well-preserved.
The most northern major island in the Galápagos, at one time Isla Pinta had a thriving tortoise population.
A portion of it is currently a nature preserve.
Ever since tourism started coming to Taquile in the seventies, the Taquileans slowly lost control over the mass day-tourism operated by non-Taquileans.
The island is also associated with the pottery and archaeological ruins found here of the Okinawa's pre-historic Jōmon period.
This long period, when Gaelic became the dominant language, was ended by the 19th-century Clearances.
It is located 227 km southwest of Victoria, Seychelles.
The main villages are Amaru, Anapoto and Mutuaura.
It is part of the Duke of Gloucester Islands, a subgroup of the Tuamotu group.
Trails have been laid out for visitors, and the western part of the island has picnic tables, grills, restrooms, and posted swimming areas.
Sommarøy is a populated island in the western part of the municipality of Tromsø in Troms county, Norway.
Nishinoshima is one of the Dōzen Islands in the Oki archipelago in the Sea of Japan.
Other islands in the vicinity include Iglorua Island, Ekalulia Island, Kanuyak Island, Shoe Island, and Rideout Island.
The archipelago is called Rēkohu in the indigenous Moriori language, and Wharekauri in Māori.
In 1869, Carabane became autonomous, but it merged with Sédhiou in 1886.
This island is home to a large population of blue-footed boobies and swallow-tailed gulls.
Raspberry Island is an island in the Mississippi River in Saint Paul, Minnesota.
At high tide the water level covers the pebble ridges that connect the island's peaks, dividing it into three sub-islands: Lin, Ilto, and Polmalluelhe.
Probably named after HMS Pelorus, flagship on the Australia Station 1860-62.
The island is about 20 km from the nearest community, Red Rock, Ontario.
Lloyd Island is a popular subject for Aboriginal artists such as Adrian King.
Heritage Island is surrounded by Kingman Lake.
Numfor is one of the Schouten Islands in Papua province, Western New Guinea, northeastern Indonesia.
Bribie Island is the smallest and most northerly of three major sand islands forming the coastline sheltering the northern part of Moreton Bay, Queensland, Australia.
It lies between the Pacific Ocean to the east and the Sea of Okhotsk to the west.
The most recent survey shows the island's maximum elevation at 155 m above sea level.
Besides the Big Green Island, other islands that comprise the Big Green Group include the Chalky, East Kangaroo, Isabella, Little Chalky and Mile islands.
The Philippine mouse-deer, a subspecies of the greater mouse-deer can only be found in this island.
In 1987 a new species of Bush Warbler was recorded on the island.
Hunda is currently used to raise sheep and goats for wool.
Zealandia Bank is the exposed portion of the peak of an eroded underwater volcano.
The land on the island is densely overgrown, with a small lodge on the southern corner of the island.
The island's area is 1.27 km² and its coastline is 5.53 km long.
Its highest point is 688 metres above sea level or 11 metres above lake level.
There are twenty-six extant mammal species native to Ireland.
The highest point on the island is the 908-metre tall mountain Innerbergsalen.
Afentis Christos is a small islet off the northern coast of the Greek island of Crete named after the small chapel built there.
Svenskøya is separated from Kongsøya by the strait Rivalensundet.
Santa Catalina is part of the Channel Islands of California archipelago and lies within Los Angeles County.
It is the second largest island in the archipelago.
3000 BC on whose stones one can find ancient carvings.
The island is known for its beautiful beaches.
Killegray is an island in the Sound of Harris in the Outer Hebrides of Scotland.
After the Civil War the resort closed and the island was leased to the George Miles Company as a base for their fish fertilizer operations.
The parish of Achill also includes the Curraun peninsula.
Sae Island is the northernmost island within the Western Islands of the Bismarck Archipelago, Papua New Guinea.
Vestre Bokn lies between the islands of Karmøy and Austre Bokn and Ognøya.
More than half the population lives in the district of Sangkapura, centred on the town of that name located on the southern coast of the island.
The island was discovered by the British National Antarctic Expedition under Robert Falcon Scott and so named because of the difficulty in reaching it.
The largest community/town on the island is Milikapiti, pop.
The island is approximately 6 km2 in size, 2.25 mi long, and 1 mi wide.
The local fishermen, descendants of the Huteimi peoples identified by J. R. Wellsted, harvest turtle and bird eggs from the surrounding area.
Xinbu Island is a coastal island located directly to the east of Haidian Island in Haikou, Hainan, China.
Hobbs Island, also known as Green Island, is an unpopulated island located close to the south-western coast of Tasmania, Australia.
The newspaper Øy-Blikk has been published on Valderøya since 1985.
With an area of 3,515 square miles, it is the third largest island in the United States and the 82nd largest island in the world.
The northwest coast of the island comprises an administrative district of the city of Belém.
The island is also known as Amberi, or Waigiu.
Laggard Island is a rocky island lying 3.7 km southeast of Bonaparte Point, off the southwest coast of Anvers Island in the Palmer Archipelago.
Vollmer, U.S. Navy, engineering officer aboard USS Glacier along this coast, 1961-62.
Nihoa's area is about 171 acres and is surrounded by a 142,000-acre coral reef.
Inishmurray is an uninhabited island situated 7 km off the coast of County Sligo, Ireland.
In the early 19th century, the island was sometimes called Opoun.
In 1951 the Manx National Trust was established, which became Manx National Heritage.
Mill Island is part of the Qikiqtaaluk Region of the Canadian territory of Nunavut.
The transmitter remained in operation until 1963 when it became obsolete, and the station was moved to nearby High Island.
Chappel Island is the largest of the Donovan Islands, lying about 9.3 kilometres northwest of Clark Peninsula in the eastern part of Vincennes Bay.
The island is home to 43,142 people who make up 24% of the country's population.
Yorath is a small island, 151 acres in size, in the South Saskatchewan River just outside the southern boundaries of the city of Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada.
It is currently uninhabited, but is home to wild goats, as well as otters.
A paddle dating from this period was found at the crannóg near Dookinella.
The periods between the monsoons are usually marked by heavy rainfall.
Võilaid is a small, uninhabited island in the Baltic Sea belonging to the country of Estonia.
It is 55 km long and 373 km2 in area, partly covered by glaciers around the Beerenberg volcano).
Today, the best known residents of Stephens Island are the tuatara.
The island occupies an area of 1,180 hectares.
The Lesser Cyclades or Small Cyclades is an island complex in Aegean Sea, inside the archipelago of the Cyclades.
The majority of the island is administered as a nature reserve by the Department of Conservation.
The population of the island is mostly employed in the fishing industry or in industries that support the fishing industry.
Galešnjak is located in the Pašman channel of the Adriatic, between the islands of Pašman and the town of Turanj on mainland Croatia.
Most of the inhabitants on Reksta live on the west side in and around the small fishing village of Rognaldsvåg.
Canna is the westernmost of the Small Isles archipelago, in the Scottish Inner Hebrides.
Across the Sørøysundet are three large islands: Stjernøya, Seiland and Kvaløya.
The Dion Islands were first sighted and roughly charted in 1909 by the French Antarctic Expedition under Jean-Baptiste Charcot.
It measures 5.3 km in length, with a maximum width of 3.2 km and a land area of 2.2 km2.
The Chonhar Peninsula, while part of Kherson province, is connected by numerous bridges and causeways dams with the Crimean Peninsula.
It is popular with tourists from Malaysia and Singapore, who come to enjoy its relatively unspoiled white sand beaches, snorkelling and scuba diving.
The highest peaks are Nadelaiovalau, with an altitude of 625 meters, in the east, and Tomuna, 526 meters, in the south.
The islet is north of the nearby larger islet named Tinhosa Grande.
The shallow lagoon has a surface of 215.6 km².
The middle section of the island consists of the incorporated Village of Key Biscayne.
Bugsuk is an island barangay in the Balabac municipality of Palawan province in the Philippines.
Ghegheto Island is on the eastern shore of Lake Huron, near Howdenvale, South Bruce, Ontario, Canada.
The island was shown on an Argentine government chart of 1957.
Pramuka is an island in the Thousand Islands archipelago.
The islands are very popular with reef tour operators working from Cairns.
The Wag Islands are an uninhabited Canadian arctic islands group in Kivalliq Region, Nunavut, Canada.
One of the larger members of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago, it is also a member of the Sverdrup Islands and Queen Elizabeth Islands.
The island can be reached by a car and passenger ferry service or via an airstrip.
To the north, in the sound between Barentsøya and Spitsbergen, lies the island of Kükenthaløya.
Almost all the settlement is located on the southwestern shore.
Shuna is one of the Slate Islands lying east of Luing on the west coast of Scotland.
Princess Royal Island was named in 1788 by Captain Charles Duncan, after his sloop, the Princess Royal.
Governador Island is the largest island in Guanabara Bay, in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
The two islands were mapped as one by Norwegian cartographers from air photos taken by the Lars Christensen Expedition, 1936–37, and named Spjotöy.
The island is named after the settlement of Lesidren in northern Bulgaria.
The islet is in a bay between the capes of Lithino and Kefalas, at Kommos, and close to Gortyn which was the ancient capital of Crete.
The southern third of the 80.6-square-kilometre island is part of the municipality of Tromsø while the northern portion of the island is part of Karlsøy municipality.
The earliest written references to the islands date back to Roman times.
On 13 October 2012, a small vessel carrying tourists to Duiker Island capsized.
Most of the island is included in the Lindeman Islands National Park which also protects another 13 islands.
The island is located south of the Sognesjøen and north of the Gulafjorden.
It is located in Foxe Basin, at 69°16'N 77°00'W, and has an area of 689 km2.
Around 2600 people were living on those islands in 2011.
San Juan Island is the second-largest and most populous of the San Juan Islands in northwestern Washington, United States.
The 47-metre tall Fedjebjørnen is the highest point on the mountain.
The Islands are part of the parish of Castlegregory are well known as excellent diving and snorkelling destinations.
The rocks are almost devoid of vegetation.
It is located in Temple Bay about 100 km northeast of Iron Range National Park and Lockhart River and 50 km south of Cape Grenville.
It is located to the east of the Cotentin peninsula just off the coast near Saint-Vaast-la-Hougue.
There are two maritime features near Pedra Branca.
Borden Island is an uninhabited, low-lying island in the Queen Elizabeth Islands of northern Canada.
The island is 5.8 kilometres west of the town of Sant Antoni de Portmany and is one of the smaller islands of the Balearic archipelago.
It is often being confused with the artificial island of Pervomaisky that is located within Dnieper-Bug Estuary.
The uninhabited Hamilton Island is located in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada.
Cummings Island is an uninhabited island in the Rideau River in the city of Ottawa in Canada and the site of a former settlement.
The Norwegian name was translated by ANCA following a 1954 ANARE survey of the area.
Its total population shrank from 3,193 as of the 2000 census to 3,102 as of 2010.
Amanu, Timanu, or Karere, is an atoll in the Tuamotu archipelago.
San Pedro Town is the largest settlement and only town on Ambergris.
Eilean Mòr is one of the MacCormaig Isles situated near the entrance to Loch Sween in the Sound of Jura, Scotland.
The island, 56.93 square kilometres in area, has a population of approximately 7,657 persons.
Anuanuraro is an atoll in French Polynesia, Pacific Ocean.
Lake Island is a small island between Plog Island and Flutter Island, lying in Prydz Bay just west of Breidnes Peninsula, Vestfold Hills.
Other islands in the immediate vicinity include Crowell Island, Dog Island, Kungo Island, Luella Island, and Metela Island.
The Geographic Names Information System lists several alternative names: Ellens Isle, Grant Island, Grave Island, and Hoska Island.
Other islands in the immediate vicinity include:
There are links to various nearby islands by ferry and, since 1995, to the mainland by a road bridge.
The island is extremely flat by Hebridean standards, rising to only 12 metres above sea level and known for its long sandy beach.
Its palace, though uninhabited, is splendidly furnished with 16th- to 19th-century Italian masterpieces and paintings.
The undersea vents that produced Surtsey are part of the Vestmannaeyjar submarine volcanic system, part of the fissure of the sea floor called the Mid-Atlantic Ridge.
The island is vegetated by mangrove, vuyavuy palms and other native shrubs, and is part of the Luzon Volcanic Arc.
Brimstone Hill Fortress National Park, a UNESCO World Heritage Site, is the largest fortress ever built in the Eastern Caribbean.
The Duncan Islands are located within the Torres Strait Island Region local government area.
The coast is well indented and sea around the island is shallow, thus convenient for fishing.
Its rough distances from the closest large islands are: 430 km north-west of Ireland, 460 km west of Great Britain and 700 km south of Iceland.
In no other place, do they prosper better: they need a covering of light, humidity and heat...they are in their place.
The island is private property and belongs in totality to 7 Seas Resort.
The main township on Ra'iātea is 'Uturoa, the administrative centre for the Leeward Islands.
Isla Pond, is an island in the Gulf of California east of the Baja California Peninsula.
Knezha Island is the northernmost island in the Pitt group of Biscoe Islands, Antarctica.
Approximately 24 m above sea level, it is in the Fury and Hecla Strait, north of the mainland's Melville Peninsula, and south of Baffin Island.
The island is located inside Haizhou Bay in the Yellow Sea.
The word pismire means ant, referring to the island's tiny size.
In later life, Glasgal was involved in stereophonic and ambiophonic research.
The next nearest province is Krabi, to the east across Phang Nga Bay.
In the course of time, the families slipped back to Applecross and the island has been uninhabited since about 1920.
The capital is situated in the north-west and has a deep harbour which is able to accommodate large cruise ships.
The island is situated northwest of the village of Innhavet with which it is connected by bridge.
The island is also known as Conejera or Sa Conillera.
Les Écréhous NE of Jersey consists of two reefs which form an extensive shoal area 7 miles long and 2.3 miles wide.
There is a small outlying rock to its west and three companion islets called the Little Scares are about 1 km to the north east.
Precipitation is very high, and is affected by the rainy season and typhoons.
Mavor Island is an uninhabited island in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada.
The island includes a couple of tourist resorts in São Tomé and Príncipe.
Shag Reef, part of the Sister Islands Conservation Area, is a small granite island, with an area of 1.24 hectares located in Bass Strait, Tasmania, Australia.
Navtilos is a small volcanic islet of the Sea of Crete.
Grand Turk was first colonised in 1681 by Bermudians, who set up the salt industry in the islands.
Skyropoula is a Greek island in the Sporades.
Islands in the immediate vicinity include: Bruce Island to the northwest, Fletcher Island to the west, and Chase Island to the south.
It is around 9 km long, 4 km wide and 1 km wide at its narrowest point.
Thymaina is located just west of Fournoi Korseon and is administratively a part of its municipality.
Subsequently, there was a steady decline in population, although the numbers have increased from a low of 16 in the 1970s.
The most prominent feature of the rock is the 19th century Chicken Rock Lighthouse.
The northern islands of Quiniluban seem to be uplifted coral atolls, although the heights of some of the peaks strongly suggest volvanic uplift.
The Sisters, or Rangitatahi in Maori, is a group of three islands located 16 kilometres north of Cape Pattison, Chatham Island.
It is situated 900 km east of Tahiti and 15 km north of Hao.
It has planning permission for six villas.
Administratively, it is part of the municipality of Għajnsielem, in southeastern Gozo.
Most of the cabins of Whitefish Bay Camp overlook this small, shallow bay.
It is located just north of Grosse Ile and west of Fighting Island, about 600 feet west of the Canada–United States border.
It is located just north-west of the Kaniet Islands, under which it is often subsumed, although the two are distinct.
Inchgarvie is a small, uninhabited island in the Firth of Forth.
The island is administered by Tōkyō and located approximately 160 kilometres south of Tōkyō and 36 kilometres south of Shimoda Shizuoka Prefecture.
Hastings Island is an island of the Louisiade Archipelago, in Milne Bay Province of Papua New Guinea.
Bottlenose dolphins and Atlantic grey seals are also often seen in the sea around the island.
The island is located east of the municipal center of Fosnavåg.
Located at 69°38'N 78°20'W, it has an area of 458 km2.
It is the largest of Devon Island's offshore islands, located at Devon's eastern end.
It is one of the smallest islands in the Marshall Islands.
Administratively it lies within the Agios Nikolaos municipality of Lasithi.
The only settlement on Tsuken is located in the southwest of the island.
Bayan Lepas, home to numerous multinational firms, is a major manufacturing centre, while George Town is the nation's leading medical tourism hub.
The island has several small medical stations and schools up to High school.
Mapped by Norwegian cartographers from aerial photographs taken by the Lars Christensen Expedition, 1936–37, and called by them Langøy.
Other major islands include Anthony, Langara, Louise, Lyell, Burnaby, and Kunghit Islands.
Rock Island is an uninhabited island in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada.
It is a minor island politically administered by the municipality of Carles and one of the easternmost islands in the Islas de Gigantes archipelago.
The town of Garumaoa is the main settlement.
Scorpion Reef contains the five main vegetated islands of Isla Pérez, Isla Desertora, Isla Pájaros, Isla Chica, and Isla Desterrada.
Rebbenesøya is an island in Troms county, Norway.
He found that what the Norwegians had named Filla was in fact a cluster of small islands.
The state capital, Honolulu, is on Oahu's southeast coast.
Riesco Island lies at west of the Brunswick Peninsula, Chile.
For other Round Islands in Michigan, see List of islands of Michigan.
At 491.5 acres in size is administratively part of the subdistrict of Water Island, in St. Thomas District.
South Havra, formerly Hevera, is an uninhabited island in the Scalloway Islands, Shetland, Scotland.
The island is 6.5 kilometres in length occupies an area of 1,080 hectares and approximately 9 kilometres off shore from Cape Arid.
It is in the Admiralty Islands group of the Bismarck Archipelago.
It is the largest artificial island in the world.
It is separated from Île Jésus by the Rivière des Prairies.
It is one of the Kikastan Islands, located in the Cumberland Sound, off Baffin Island's Cumberland Peninsula.
It has an area of some 1,800 square kilometres, stretching 80 kilometres north-south and no more than 42 kilometres wide.
Simeulue was once a part of West Aceh Regency but was split off in 1999 and became a separate Simeulue Regency.
Terihi is a small, uninhabited, rocky island in the Marquesas Islands, less than 300 m southeast from Mohotani.
The old municipality of Ytterøy encompassed this island and some of the lands around it.
Chuginadak Island is the largest island in the Islands of Four Mountains subgroup of the Aleutian archipelago.
Together with Isla Choros and Isla Damas, the island forms the Humboldt Penguin National Reserve, which is administered by the Chilean Forestry Corporation.
It is just south of the island of Imeri Gramvousa and the islet of Arnaouti.
Uke Island, or Ukejima, is one of the Satsunan Islands, classed with the Amami archipelago between Kyūshū and Okinawa.
The island is also called Whisky Island.
The 55.3-square-kilometre island lies on the south side of the Foldafjord between the mainland and the island of Otterøya.
Murano is a series of islands linked by bridges in the Venetian Lagoon, northern Italy.
It is the highest island in the group.
The island is home to numerous well-known summer colonies such as Northeast Harbor and Bar Harbor.
There is also a meteorological weather station in the island group.
Other islands in the immediate vicinity include Alikdjuak Island, Idjuniving Island, Kekerturnak Island, Manitung Island, and Nedlukseak Island.
It has a land area of 142.59 km² and a population of 6,822 as of the 2000 census.
Demon, Sprite and Imp islands are so named to reflect their proximity to Devils Point.
Hereheretue Atoll has a roughly trapezoidal shape.
Ellef Ringnes Island was the last landmass to be visited by the Earth's wandering Magnetic North Pole.
Its nearest neighbour is Sherkin Island, 2 km east of the island.
There are sixteen research stations to date in different parts of the islands, with Chilean stations being the greatest in number.
In September 1860 a small round-sterned four-oared boat, was picked up near to Big Scare.
The islands are very popular with reef tour operators working from Cairns.
The large island of Hinnøya lies to the east.
Landing is not allowed on the island.
Mainau Bay is the location of the university sailing club.
Frei is an island in Kristiansund Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
35 square miles in area, Wales Island is 30 miles north of the port city of Prince Rupert, and 55 miles south-east of Ketchikan, Alaska.
The new name, Watkins Island, commemorates Gino Watkins, leader of the British Arctic Air Route Expedition, 1930–31.
The group is extending 1.3 by 1 km, featuring the conspicuous rocks named Asses Ears in the north.
Naushon Island, part of the Elizabeth Islands, is seven miles long, just off Cape Cod, and four statute miles NW of Martha's Vineyard.
The average elevation of Temotu Village is 1 meter.
Melchor Island is an island in the Chonos Archipelago of Chile.
Morotai Island is an island in the Halmahera group of eastern Indonesia's Maluku Islands.
It is sometimes considered a dialect of South Efate language.
The island has no permanent inhabitants but muttonbirders visit the island to catch the sooty shearwater, known in New Zealand as a "muttonbird".
The whole island is a Site of Special Scientific Interest as is Skomer.
Panay Island, is the sixth largest and fourth most populous island in the Philippines.
It is located 76 km south of Hao Atoll's westernmost point.
Grand-Îlet is an island in the Îles des Saintes archipelago, in the Lesser Antilles.
Eilean Donan, which means simply "island of Donnán", is named after Donnán of Eigg, a Celtic saint martyred in 617.
Located in Hudson Bay's, it is a member of the Belcher Islands group.
In the 14th century, the island was the property of the St. Juliana's Abbey in Rottum and the Old Abbey in Kloosterburen, both on the mainland.
One feature are the breeding cormorants on the island that, despite being tree nesters, have built high nests on the ground here.
There is a ferry connection with Assens.
There are several hamlets on the island, the notable ones among them are Bjørnøya and Fagerheim.
Joyce Chopra, American director and writer of feature films and television
There is also a court for bolas criollas.
Cat Island is part of the Babel Island Group Important Bird Area.
There is an MOD firing range in the area with brightly coloured floating targets deployed.
Tama-te-kapua was the captain of the Arawa waka and was badly wounded on the island, at a battle with the Tainui iwi at Islington Bay.
Formerly a sub-province of Leyte, it became an independent province in 1992.
The island is situated off the coast of Davenport Neck in Long Island Sound.
Masonboro Island is a barrier island in New Hanover County, North Carolina.
The memorial is a total of 25 feet high and was given by Isaac Stephenson.
It is an important nesting site for seabirds.
Beginning in 1987, a limited number of supervised activity tours and hunting safaris have opened to tourists.
It was formed in the last Ice Age, when the Rhône Glacier reached as far as the Jura mountains.
The isles are situated approximately 130 kilometres northeast of Thursday Island and 54 kilometres southwest of Darnley Island.
Single Island is a high ice-covered island on the west side of the Amery Ice Shelf about 26 kilometres south of Landon Promontory.
These later speculative ventures almost bankrupted Lok.
The rocks are named after the settlements of Buchino, and Golemo Buchino and Malo Buchino in western Bulgaria.
The Calypso Deep, the deepest point of the Mediterranean Sea at 5,267 metres, is located south-west of Sapientza.
He applied the name Filla Island to the largest of these as described.
Papa Westray, also known as Papay, is one of the Orkney Islands in Scotland, United Kingdom.
Pismire Island is a small island in Lake Michigan of approximately 2.5 acres in size.
New Caledonia itself drifted away from Australia 66 mya, and subsequently drifted in a north-easterly direction, reaching its present position about 50 mya.
Hiiumaa is the second largest island in Estonia.
Granön is an island in the north of the Swedish sector of the Bay of Bothnia, in the Kalix archipelago.
There are no road connections to the island, so all residents must use boats.
Grenada is a Caribbean island between the Caribbean Sea and Atlantic Ocean, north of Trinidad and Tobago.
Most of the population lives on the northern part of the island.
Île Bizard is an island near the Island of Montreal in the Hochelaga Archipelago region.
It has a land area of 57.876 km2 and has no population.
west of Bora Bora and 342 mi.
A settlement on Albatross Island was abandoned in 1988.
It is around 7 hectares or 0.07 square km in size.
Lucas Island is a small island lying just west of the Vestfold Hills, Antarctica, 4 kilometres northwest of Plog Island.
It is located 270 m north of the Viimsi Peninsula and 150 m east of the Kräsuli islet.
The larger Button Islands are about 5 km to the northwest.
Starting with 8th grade, students must take the boat to middle school, located on the island of Finnøy.
The island was named by the Antarctic Names Committee of Australia after the koala, an Australian marsupial.
The 9-square-kilometre island lies just off the mainland between the Stad and the island of Vågsøy.
These Islands are most known for the battles and skirmishes that occurred there during the Aleutian Islands Campaign of World War II.
The entrance to the sea loch is to the south east where lie the waters of The Minch.
The United States Board on Geographic Names chose this name in 2007 in recognition of the Amslers' three decades of research in the Anvers Island area.
Currently, Flower Island is part of the San Juan Islands National Wildlife Refuge and is managed by the U.S.
It is located in Baffin Island's Cumberland Sound, between Kangilo Fiord and Kangerk Fiord.
Tarbet Isle is an island in Loch Lomond, Scotland.
The area was visited by 19th century sealers.
The 1.58-hectare island is part of the Maatsuyker Islands Group, and comprises part of the Southwest National Park and the Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Site.
Confusingly, this small holy building is not the "one house" that gives the main bay its name.
In pre-European times, the bodies of chiefs from parts of Te I'i were taken to Eiao for burial.
Three main languages are spoken on the island: Javanese, Sundanese, and Madurese.
Hetty Rock is the largest of several rocks in Walker Bay off John Beach in western Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.
The island serves as a separation of Gulf of Tendra from Black Sea located at the southern and western part of the bay.
The Scottish Wildlife Trust owns and manages the island as a nature reserve.
The island is the part of the narrow passage that joins Princess Louisa Inlet and Jervis Inlet together.
Middle Andaman Island is an island of the Andaman Islands.
Tikei is not a typical Tuamotu atoll, but a separate island.
It was named by the Norwegian whaler Petter Sørlle after his wife Signy Therese.
Mapped from air photos taken from an aircraft of the Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions in 1956.
The island is located approximately 1 kilometre south west of the Balta and has an area of just under 0.2 square kilometres.
Therefore, in 1719 a lighthouse was erected there on the order of Peter the Great.
The island is situated about 300 metres off the Greek coast.
Although it has been suggested that the Gaelic Sgitheanach describes a winged shape there is no definitive agreement as to the name's origins.
The submarine was heading out of Balta Sound on patrol when it struck a Naval mine probably lain by German U-boat UC-76.
It can also refer to the old Khmer word for shelter, adding up to Shelter Island.
In the north west there is a missile testing range.
With an area of 50.43 square kilometres, it is the third largest of the Orkney Islands.
The twin bays are separated by a narrow isthmus.
Coronation Island is the largest of the South Orkney Islands, 25 nautical miles long and from 3 to 8 nautical miles wide.
Other islands in the vicinity include Bibby Island, Flattop Island, Imiligaarjuk Island, Imilijjuaq Island, Ivuniraarjuq Island, and Walrus Island.
The main island of Lågskär measures 61 hectares in area.
It is separated from Baranof Island by Chatham Strait.
Sevan Island is home to a ninth-century Armenian Cathedral church, known as Sevanavank, which is one of the most visited tourist attractions in Armenia.
Further erosion broke the granite into large boulders and rounded their surfaces.
Waigeo is an island in West Papua province of eastern Indonesia.
In the 1970s, the island was the site of extensive French military activity, while it was being explored as a possible site for nuclear weapons testing.
The island has an area of only 378 acres.
An islet lies east of the island.
The area was frequented by early nineteenth century English and American sealers operating from Blythe Bay.
Mantsinsaari Island is an island on the North-East of Lake Ladoga in the Salmi settlement in the Pitkyaranta municipality in the Republic of Karelia.
The ruin of Hammershus, at the northwestern tip of the island, is the largest medieval fortress in northern Europe, testament to the importance of its location.
It is located between Sant'Erasmo and Burano.
The islands were resighted and roughly charted by the Third French Antarctic Expedition under Jean-Baptiste Charcot, 1903–05.
The area was visited by early 19th century sealers operating on nearby Byers Peninsula.
It was first visited in 1956 by an Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions party led by P.W.
Hibuson is a small island in the Philippines, in the province of Surigao del Norte.
It was photographed from the air and first mapped as an island by the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition under Finn Ronne.
The 2.7-square-kilometre island is located in the Øygarden archipelago, north of the island of Toftøyna, east of Ono, and south of Blomøyna.
Island also supports feral populations of introduced deer, Pigs and Carabao.
Islands in the immediate vicinity include Gabriel Island and Nouyarn Island to the east, and Chase Island to the northwest.
His nephew, who was the commander-in-chief of a 30.000 men army took over power and opposed with tenacity the Portuguese until 1890.
The reefs of Sorgu were already mentioned on the Willem Janzoon Blaeu's 1662 Livonian map as Sorkholm.
The highest point on the very rocky island is the 451-metre tall mountain Meinova on the northern end of the island.
The Brothers is a group of small islands in Cook Strait, New Zealand, off the east coast of Arapaoa Island.
It is the highest of the islands of the archipelago, reaching an altitude of 1,659 metres, and it has an area of 497 km2.
The Magdalen Islands form a small archipelago in the Gulf of Saint Lawrence with a land area of 205.53 square kilometres.
It lies just west of the island of Delos and further southwest of the island of Mykonos, of which it and Delos are administratively a part.
Dolmøya is an island in the municipality of Hitra in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.
Finnøy is an island in Finnøy municipality in Rogaland county, Norway.
The islands are separated from the British Columbia mainland to the east by Hecate Strait.
The highest point on the island is the 613-metre tall Veten.
Seil has been linked to the mainland by bridge since the late 18th century.
The golden bandicoot is another vulnerable species that is resident on the island, the last recorded sighting being in 2003.
A "sessola" or "bag" is an artificial island.
The Rendezvous Islands are located within Electoral Area C of the Strathcona Regional District.
In the 2010 census, the namesake town on the island had a population of 12,642 inhabitants.
It is attended by numerous uninhabited small islets, the largest being Eilean Dubh, Eilean nam Muc, Eilean Chalmain, Eilean Ghomain and Eilean na Seamair.
Arutua, or Ngaru-atua is an atoll in the Tuamotu group in French Polynesia.
It is located at the mouth of White Bay, off Baffin Island.
The 4.9-square-kilometre island lies just west of the large island of Sotra and north of the small island of Lokøyna.
Rarotonga is the most populous island of the Cook Islands, with a population of 10,572, out of the country's total resident population of 14,974.
Soay Mòr is an island in West Loch Tarbert, between the northern and southern parts of Harris.
Couling Island is an island 1.9 kilometres long, lying 2 kilometres north of Islay in the William Scoresby Archipelago.
It is separated from Baffin Island by Albert Harbour.
It is located in the Caribbean Sea, between Saint Lucia and Grenada.
The island of Rennesøy is also connected to the islands of Finnøy and Talgje to the northeast by the Finnøy Tunnel.
It was named by Lester A. Beardslee in 1880.
Forested until the 1890s, the island was largely cleared for sheep grazing.
Watkins Island is a low lying, ice-covered island 5 miles long, lying 3 miles SW of Lavoisier Island in the Biscoe Islands.
Akia Island is an uninhabited island in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland.
It is a Baffin Island offshore island located in Frobisher Bay, southeast of the capital city of Iqaluit.
A bridge connects Middle Island to downtown St. Marys.
The island is home to Basque and Native American sites, four of which are situated along its southern shore.
The current name Godøy can be loosely translated to "Good Island".
There were 18 homes occupied by 27 people on the island in the 2006 Census.
Buariki is the largest island in the Aranuka atoll of the Gilbert Islands in the Republic of Kiribati.
The Ingøy radio transmitter is located about 2 kilometres south of the village of Ingøy.
The small Basso Island is linked by a mainly submerged spit to the north side of Labbé Point.
Tyssøyna or Tyssøy is an island in Sund municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.
As a result, females constituted about 77% of the actual population of the island, which is thus often referred to as the Island of Women.
Other islands in the vicinity include Anchor Island, Duke of York Archipelago, Hokagon Island, Doak Island, Kingak Island, Mangak Island, and Nanukton Island.
Other island groups in the vicinity include the Berens Islands, Couper Islands, Deadman Islands, Lawford Islands, Leo Islands, and Sir Graham Moore Islands.
Mactan-Cebu International Airport, located in Mactan Island, is the second busiest airport in the Philippines.
It has a length of 10 square kilometres and a width of 6.7 kilometres.
The Maluku Islands or the Moluccas are an archipelago within Indonesia.
Terre-de-Bas Island) is an island in the Îles des Saintes archipelago, in the Lesser Antilles.
It is an extinct volcano which has suffered heavily from marine erosion.
Pamana Island is a small island off Rote Island in Indonesia's East Nusa Tenggara province of Lesser Sunda Islands, and the southernmost point of Asia.
Caribou Island is an uninhabited island in the eastern end of Lake Superior, 22 miles south of Michipicoten Island.
The Berezan island measures approximately 900 metres in length by 320 metres in width.
Eileach an Naoimh, also known as Holy Isle, is an uninhabited island in the Inner Hebrides of the west coast of Scotland.
It was first seen and photographed from the air on 1 February 1937 by the British Graham Land Expedition.
Snapper Island is an island at the mouth of the Daintree River in Queensland, Australia, some 20 kilometres north of Port Douglas.
Illa de s'Espartar is a small uninhabited island of the north west seaboard of the Spanish island of Ibiza.
It also contains two smaller lakes, Lake Sidihoni and Lake Aek Natonang.
Since then the lighthouse operates automatically; the power is derived from a wind turbine and solar panels.
Battleship Island is an island in the City and Borough of Juneau, Alaska, United States.
The narrow, deep channel separating this island from Anvers Island is a shortcut from the station to the Biscoe Bay area by water.
The total land area of the islands on its reef is 2.5 square kilometres.
It lies to the south of the Skye and to the north of the Ardnamurchan peninsula.
17 km off the northwest corner of Berkner Island is Hemmen Ice Rise.
It is nearly cut in two by Affleck Canal.
The islands are uninhabited and can only be accessed by sea or by helicopter.
It is the fourth largest atoll of the Tuamotu Archipelago in terms of lagoon surface, with a lagoon of 603 km² in area.
It is located in Foxe Basin and has an area of 1,090 km2.
There is no naturally occurring fresh water on Havannah, Fly or Brisk Islands.
Cape Wadworth is the northernmost point of the island.
Despite the many ponds, access to safe drinking water has been a long-standing problem for residents of the island.
Aligned roughly north–south, it is about one and a quarter miles long and two-thirds of a mile wide.
Physiographically, they are a distinct section of the larger Pacific Border province, which in turn is part of the larger Pacific Mountain System physiographic division.
With an area of 1.29 square kilometres, Hare Island is the largest island in the Gulf of Mannar.
Asuncion is the third northernmost island in the Northern Mariana Islands chain in the Pacific Ocean.
Administratively, it is part of Southern District.
This island is located in an area of skerries right off the western coast of the Taymyr Peninsula.
The southern of the two islands reaches a height of 70 metres and has a lighthouse.
Animal species include the endemic Podarcis filfolensis ssp.
The southern end of the island is separated from Brazos Island by the Brazos Santiago Pass.
Gull Island, located in St. James Township, Charlevoix County, Michigan, is the largest of approximately one dozen islands bearing this name in Michigan.
Sand Island, formerly known as Quarantine Island, also known as Kush Island is a small island within the city of Honolulu, Hawaii, United States.
Rising to 1,630 metres, it is irregularly shaped and extends 64 km in a north–south direction.
The island is the location of the Sonora Resort.
The captain ordered the passengers onto the deck with warm clothing.
The island is divided between Hareid Municipality and Ulstein Municipality.
High Island got its name from a large, perched sand dune on the western side of the island.
Fuerteventura is one of the Canary Islands, in the Atlantic Ocean off the coast of Africa, politically part of Spain.
It is a Baffin Island offshore island located in Frobisher Bay, southeast of the capital city of Iqaluit.
The highest point, Skulen is 492 metres tall.
Jacobs Island is a narrow island 560 m long between the Hellerman Rocks and Laggard Island, off the southwest coast of Anvers Island, Antarctica.
It is the largest of the outlying islands of Toba.
Her efforts resulted in more than 18000 shares on Facebook and hundreds of books being sent to the island.
They are located in the Audierne bay around 0.5 kilometres from the Bourbonnais point.
It is 196 metres tall, qualifying it as a Marilyn.
The prevailing west winds and the location make this a rainy, stormy place.
The island is best known among mariners for its former lighthouse.
Administratively, most of Lantau Island is part of the Islands District of Hong Kong.
Residents are of Melanesian descent and have predominantly a subsistence lifestyle.
It has been the site of a navigation aid since 1911.
With an area of 369.76 square kilometers, it is the second smallest of the seven main islands of this group.
The island occupies an area of 857 hectares.
It is mostly barren but has some scattered vegetation.Large colonies must have existed formerly as the island has thick layers of guano.
There is a lighthouse on the island.
Koursaroi, also known as Nisaki, is an islet close to the eastern coast of Crete, and north-east of the islet of Praso, in the Aegean Sea.
Flat Witch Island, also known as Little Witch Island, is an island located close to the south-western coast of Tasmania, Australia.
It is in both Jefferson and St. Lawrence counties.
Measuring only 0.25 square kilometres in area it is the second largest uninhabited island of Malta, Cominoto lies 100 metres to the north west of Comino.
The closest land to Wrangel Island is the tiny and rocky Herald Island located 60 km to the east.
The major buildings on the island are listed with Heritage New Zealand and owned by Quarantine Island/Kamau Taurua Community.
It is around 2 kilometres south-southeast of General Luna municipality.
Christopher Hall Island is to the southeast, while Moodie Island is to the northwest.
Extending 1.71 by 0.54 km, surface area 65 hectares.
Hernar has about 15 permanent inhabitants and many holiday cabins.
The race is Queensland’s largest trailable yacht race and one of the three largest trailable yacht passage races in Australia.
The mountainous island has an area of 68 square kilometres and the highest point is the 436-metre tall mountain Straumfjellet.
Monito is the masculine diminutive form of Mona in Spanish.
Women are also the weavers of the Chumpis, the wide belts with woven designs worn by everyone in the community of Taquile.
Kvitøya is an island in the Svalbard archipelago in the Arctic Ocean, with an area of 682 square kilometres.
West Thurlow lies in the traditional territory of the Kwakwaka'wakw first nations.
The U.S. occupied Iwo Jima until 1968 when it was returned to Japan.
The island may be described as appearing like a goat with its front legs crouched, and so in ancient times was also called "斜羊島".
Barrett Island is an ice-covered island about 4 kilometres long, lying just within the northern part of the mouth of Morgan Inlet, Thurston Island.
The island is home to the Great Captain Island Light, a 19th-century lighthouse that was restored in 2009 and relit as a non-navigational aid in 2012.
Daikon-jima takes its name from the daikon, the large, white East Asian radish.
Its land area is 5.75 square kilometres, and it encloses a deep lagoon with an area of 104 square kilometres.
Children had to leave the islands for their secondary schooling also.
South Midway Island is one of the uninhabited Canadian arctic islands in Kivalliq Region, Nunavut, Canada.
Dryna has a road connection to the neighboring island of Midøya to the east.
Mount Serua is a Stratovolcano on Serua Island.
The municipality of Polillo covers the southern portion of the island, while the northeastern part is administered by the municipality of Burdeos.
The name arose at an earlier date because of their indistinct appearance as represented on the BGLE map.
Access is by a 40 peso fare watertaxi trip from Playa Linda.
It is separated from the island of New Guinea by the Dampier and Vitiaz Straits and from New Ireland by St. George's Channel.
The steep terrain also accentuates the many rivers that flow from central St. Lucia to the Caribbean.
It has a population of 1,042 permanent residents.
The island was photographed from the air by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump, 1946–47, and was charted by the French Antarctic Expedition, 1949–51.
Öhe is an island in the Baltic Sea off the ferry port of Schaprode on Rügen, itself the largest island in Germany.
Ortiz Island is an island in the Duroch Islands.
Due to post-glacial rebound, the islands Svartön, Mulön, Granön and Björkön have merged with the island.
Limitrophe Island is an oval-shaped Antarctic island 0.9 kilometres long, lying directly east of Christine Island and 1.9 kilometres south of Anvers Island.
In addition, Clive Cussler's 2008 novel, Arctic Drift, featured characters that would visit this island in the quest for Franklin's ships.
Until the 1940s, these cays were home to a population of Jamaican Iguana.
It was ultimately renamed Andersson Island on November 21, 1949.
Covering less than 1 km², Vilm is the remnant of a moraine left as the glaciers retreated about 6000 years ago.
O'Leary Island is an uninhabited island in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada.
The east-west trending mountain range terminates at sea cliffs at either end of the island.
It is frequented by Arctic fox, Ringed seal, Beluga whale, caribou, and polar bears.
The Windward Islands are the southern, generally larger islands of the Lesser Antilles, within the West Indies.
It is located about 1 kilometer east of the northernmost point of Vlieland and is administered by the municipality of Vlieland.
Ellingsøy has an association football team, Ellingsøy IL, which currently plays in the 5th division in Norway.
The Island's population increased from 14,987 to 16,535.
Rottumerplaat is the northernmost point of the Netherlands.
Its total land area is only 1.5 square kilometres, but it encloses a lagoon with an area of 17.7 square kilometres.
It is close to Cunnamore Pier, which is its main access point.
It is currently a prison island, so it is prohibited to fly over the island or fish near its shores.
In 2014, the resort island was at the top of the Best Islands in the World list published by the international magazine Condé Nast Traveler.
Some of the more notable villages on the island include the village of Våge in the north, Uggdal in the west, and Onarheim in the southeast.
Access to the island is by ferry, or by air to New Tanegashima Airport.
There is a well-known anchorage on the western side of the island called 'Tinker's Hole'[1].
Serua is a volcanic island located in the Banda Sea, Indonesia.
Isle-aux-Grues is an island situated on the Saint Lawrence River, measuring about 7 kilometres long and 2 kilometres wide.
It is a Baffin Island offshore island located in Frobisher Bay, southeast of Iqaluit.
Snow Hill Island is an almost completely snowcapped island, 33 km long and 12 km wide, lying off the east coast of the Antarctic Peninsula.
Jazirat Badiyah is an island in Fujairah.
Generally, one needs to be a homeowner, a guest of a homeowner, or someone who has rented a cottage from a homeowner, to visit the island.
Part of the town Taketomi, it is the southern-most inhabited island in Japan at 24°2’25” north latitude, 123°47’16” east longitude.
As of 2011, it had no resident population.
Store Molla or Bukt-molla is a cove at the coast of Lebesby kommune in Finnmark, Norway.
Both islands are man-made, built from material dredged from the Anacostia River and completed in 1916.
As of March 2015, Diego Garcia is the only inhabited island of the BIOT; the population is composed of military personnel and supporting contractors.
In 2009 the island atmosphere was described as being "life in New Zealand many decades back".
It has been noted that under this definition, all of Götaland would be the country's largest island, rendering Orust instead the fifth largest.
There is little industry on the island, and most population is engaged in growing rice, maize, sweet potato, beans, coconuts, cocoa, coffee, clove and nutmeg.
Campbell Island is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
The peninsula is flanked by the Delaware and Raritan Canal State Park.
Along with Flaherty Island, the other large islands are Kugong Island, Tukarak Island, and Innetalling Island.
The island is part of the commune of L'Île-des-Pins, in the South Province of New Caledonia.
The island has an area of 55 km2.
Similarly named places are Lamba in the Faroe Islands and Lamba in Shetland.
The Fay Islands are part of the Sverdrup Islands in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada.
Brazil has a shelter on the island, Goeldi, supporting the work of up to six researchers each during the summer.
The island had a population of 8,713.
Its length is 28 kilometres and its width 10.5 kilometres.
These are riddled with caves filled with concretions — indeed, Rurutu is largely unique among islands in French Polynesia in that its historic inhabitants were cave-dwelling.
The island group is a part of the Qikiqtaaluk Region, in the Canadian territory of Nunavut.
The island is formed by the Aves Ridge, a seafloor feature which protrudes above water to the north, forming several other islands.
According to Statistics Canada, it has an area of 43,178 km2.
In 1945, the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey charted an archipelago in this area.
The island is uninhabited and is part of the Mexicali Municipality.
On July 12, 2006, Malpelo was declared by UNESCO as a natural World Heritage Site.
It still stands in a cove at Cape Cockburn.
There are manga-themed lodges on the island, resembling cats.
The landmass of Sulawesi includes four peninsulas: the northern Minahasa Peninsula; the East Peninsula; the South Peninsula; and the South-east Peninsula.
The village of Aogashima administers the island under Hachijō Subprefecture of Tokyo Metropolis.
Maupiti is a small coral atoll with a volcanic island in its midst.
Pert Island is the smaller of the two islands and is located 0.5 mi mile to the west.
The island is uninhabited and is part of the La Paz Municipality.
The island is about 4 miles long and 1 mile wide, with a total land mass of 4.2 square miles.
Rebun Island is an island in the Sea of Japan off the northwestern tip of Hokkaidō, Japan.
They, as well as Port Emerson, a two-mile-wide harbour, were named in honour of Emerson Tennent by Sir John Ross during his second Arctic voyage.
It is the largest and highest of the eastern chain of islands.
The island is connected to the island of Kirkelandet by the Sørsund Bridge.
Funen, with an area of 3,099.7 square kilometres, is the third-largest island of Denmark, after Zealand and Vendsyssel-Thy.
It is a few hundred metres southeast of Double Island.
It is situated in the east of the archipelago, 1,182 kilometres from Tahiti.
The traditional owners of the area are the Worrorran peoples.
Benjamin Island is an island in the Chonos Archipelago of Chile.
It's 13 hectares or 0.13 square km in size.
The group also includes Dragonada, Paximada, and Paximadaki.
Hunt, Royal Navy, in 1951–52, because of their proximity to Castle Rock.
Orukdo is group of islands located in Yongho-dong, Nam-gu, Busan.
The two islands are separated by a channel which is only 30 to 50 meters wide.
It has a length of 27.4 kilometres and a width of 7 km; its land area is 20 square kilometres.
The island does not appear on many maps anymore, but it can be seen on some of the most precise online maps.
The area continued to attract people looking for opportunity and an independent way of life, with the population peaking in the 1940s.
Because of the steep slopes, much of its original forest remains untouched, and the rest is the island as we find it today.
The other side includes a park that has been commemorated by the Tour aux Figures [1] painting by Jean Dubuffet.
Eika is connected to the mainland of Norway by the Eiksund Tunnel.
Gremlin Island is a small rocky island which lies close northwest of the tip of Red Rock Ridge, off the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.
On 6 October 1858 the sloop Delight of Ulverston grounded on the rocks of Chapel Island.
Mancera Island is a minor island at the mouth of Valdivia River.
Whidbey Island is home to 58,211 residents.
The island is named after the British cartographer Aaron Arrowsmith who published a map of the south polar region in 1794.
Cook did not visit the island, but passed the mouth of Cook Bay on 19 December 1774.
Between Seymour Island and Bathurst Island lies Helena Island.
The southern limit is marked by buoys 1.75 nautical miles SSE of The Scares.
It has 29 percent of the province's land area.
People visit the island throughout the year for swimming, camping, fishing and other recreational activities.
The name "Wotho" means either "entrance through the reef", or "island far away" according to different sources.
The Roman Catholic diocese is based in Teaorereke, the Kiribati Protestant Church in Antebuka, and The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Eita.
The island has 3 main village areas: Hummelsund, Vikso, and Tofta.
Two years later a new, taller tower replaced that of 1954.
The minimum distance from the shore is about 50 metres.
It is New Zealand's most densely populated island, with 95 people/km², and the third most populated after the North and South Islands.
There built structures are at the north end and a stony causeway allows for vehicular access at low tides.
Hoffman Island is a small artificial island in the Lower New York Bay, off South Beach, Staten Island.
Sentry Island is one of several Canadian arctic islands in Nunavut, Canada within western Hudson Bay.
The highest point is 138 m according to Google Earth imagery.
The island has a length of 2.9 km and a width of 1 km.
The islands are politically subdivided into 11 island barangays and are part of the municipality of Concepcion.
The people then shifted successfully into commercial mackerel fishing, prawning and crayfishing.
The island's southern tip, however, lies only 1 kilometre from a promontory of the Rwandan coast.
The Pearl Rocks lie off its west coast.
Canopus Islands is a group of small islands just north of the Klung Islands in the eastern part of Holme Bay, Mac.
Ulva has been populated since the Mesolithic and there are various Neolithic remains on the island.
Kerkennah Islands are a group of islands lying off the east coast of Tunisia in the Gulf of Gabès, at 34°42′N 11°11′E.
Ella Island, or Ella Ø, is an island in eastern Greenland, within Northeast Greenland National Park.
Menorca or Minorca is one of the Balearic Islands located in the Mediterranean Sea belonging to Spain.
The island is 6.3 hectares in area, 500 metres long from north to south and 200 metres wide at its widest point.
The feature is named after the settlement of Bablon in Southern Bulgaria.
A white sand beach resort on the island, a family-run business, is a popular destination for both local and foreign tourists.
Thymaina has two settlements, Thymaina settlement and Keramidou.
The island is administered by the Philippine Tourism Authority and the provincial government of Aklan.
The Chester River runs to the north of the island and empties into the Chesapeake Bay at Kent Island's Love Point.
Off the southwest corner are Salomon, Saul, La Gringa, and Escuba.
You can walk over the uneroded, black lava flow covered with lava bubbles and tree-trunk molds in the surface.
Ombo is the largest island in the Ryfylke region on the southwestern coast of Norway, and is the second largest island in Rogaland county.
The population of the Regency was recently put at 49,048.
The island group is a nature reserve and there is no general public access.
The island is one of two inhabited islands in Lac Vieux Desert, the other being Draper Island, Michigan.
The Duncan Islands are a group of islands in the Torres Strait Islands archipelago, located northwest of the Bramble Channel of Torres Strait in Queensland, Australia.
Sabine Island is an island to the northeast of Wollaston Foreland, previously known as Inner Pendulum Island.
The population census on Svetac from 1951 was around 60, most of these people are now deceased.
It is part of the Dodekanissos archipelago.
Daniel Island is a small, rocky island which lies south of Honkala Island and marks the south end of Swain Islands, Antarctica.
The island's largest settlement is Portree, known for its picturesque harbour.
It is the smallest inhabited island divided between two nations.
The Island is also the site of the former U.S. military installation Fort Terry, and the historic Plum Island Light, and its automated replacement.
The Lawford Islands are an island group located inside western Coronation Gulf, south of Victoria Island, in the Kitikmeot Region, Nunavut, Canada.
There are two small islands nearby - Nusa Lembongan and Nusa Ceningan - which are included within the district.
Maiden Island is a small uninhabited island at the mouth of Oban Bay on the west coast of Scotland.
Isola Madre, the largest of the three, is also noted for its gardens, which have been maintained since about 1823 in an English style.
The area was visited by early 19th century sealers.
Qallunaat Island is an uninhabited island in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland.
The formation is also known as Rama's Bridge, as according to Hindu mythology, it was constructed during the rule of Lord Rama.
They are part of the Qikiqtaaluk Region, in the Canadian territory of Nunavut.
The Port Authority of Thunder Bay maintains a calling-in point for ships on the middle island.
A lighthouse has been operational on the island since May 1995.
The University of Auckland has a research facility at Goat Island known as the Leigh Marine Laboratory headed by Professor John Montgomery.
The island is surrounded by the Norwegian Sea on the north and the Sørøysundet to the south.
The island is 2.5 km long and 1.5 km wide.
Dirk Hartog Island is an island off the Gascoyne coast of Western Australia, within the Shark Bay World Heritage Area.
Other islands in the vicinity include Ekalulia Island, Lewes Island, Patsy Klengenberg Island, Iglorua Island, and Walrus Island.
It is one of the tallest in the Aegean.
Separated from the neighbouring Esperanto Island and Lesidren Island by channels 70 and 130 m wide respectively.
The villages of Tuftene, Skipavik, Skår, and Vestersjø are located on the southeastern part of the island which belongs to Hjelmeland municipality.
Falcon Island is one of the islands in the Great Palm Island group, off the eastern coast of Queensland, Australia.
The impact of the meteorite formed a crater roughly 100 km in diameter, the centre of which forms the island known today.
The island is currently managed by brothers Bruce Robinson and Keith Robinson.
Most of the island is owned by the Port of Portland.
It is drier than the nearby island of Bali.
It lies immediately east and alongside O'Leary Island, which separates it from Omarolluk Sound.
According to the 2010 census, it has a population of 764 people.
It was named by Eklund for Rudolf A. Honkala, chief meteorologist with the United States International Geophysical Year wintering party of 1957 at Wilkes Station.
At 640 square kilometres, Samosir is the largest island within an island, and the fifth largest lake island in the world.
Though administered as part of the Belize District, the closest point on the mainland is part of the Corozal District.
Around 30 people live on the island in summer.
Sugarmouse Island is an unpopulated islet located close to the south-western coast of Tasmania, Australia.
It is one of fourteen islands politically administered by the municipality of Carles.
It is also known for its archeological interest: stone circles, standing stone and remains of prehistoric houses.
It is separated from the Zamboanga Peninsula by a narrow channel and Tantanang Bay.
The Seahorse Islands were named by Captain Frederick William Beechey in 1826.
There are also areas of wet woodland, marshes and swamps.
Each island has several small resorts, usually consisting of a collection of huts for tourists, a small pool and restaurant.
Once the vacation spot for Tahitian royalty, the atoll is widely known for having been purchased by Marlon Brando.
Staniel Cay is an island located in The Exuma Cays, a district of The Bahamas.
The most famous is the Kizhi Pogost, which is a UNESCO World Heritage site.
Kinn is an island in Flora Municipality which is in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.
Administratively they lie within the Itanos municipality of Lasithi.
The Lubang Islands are about 150 kilometres southwest of Manila.
It is a member of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago and lies in the Parry Channel, north of Russell Island, and southwest of Young Island.
To the geographical east of Portsea Island lies Hayling Island, separated by Langstone Harbour.
In the 2011 census it had a resident population of 4,629.
The church, which is also owned by the National Trust for Scotland, was restored and converted into a hostel and Study Centre by the Hebridean Trust.
The area was visited by early 19th century sealers.
Its total land area of the nine islets is only 0.4 square kilometres.
Much of Abd al Kuri is semi-desert with little vegetation.
The 2.1-square-kilometre island lies on the south side of the Boknafjorden in the Rennesøy island group.
Fallen Jerusalem is an uninhabited island of the British Virgin Islands in the Caribbean, located to the south of Virgin Gorda.
On the island has a small lighthouse, it may be the first built in the nation, built in the Portuguese Colonial era.
The islands were offered for sale again in 1996.
The island was named for its former owner Horace P. Biddle a local lawyer and poet.
At 268.71 square kilometres, it is the smallest of the seven main islands of the Canaries.
It is connected to the mainland via a passenger ferry service to the small island of Hellesøyna, just off the coast of Seløyna.
It is nearly double the size of Newfoundland), and is slightly larger than the island of Great Britain).
It is Māori freehold land, which is administered by the Motu Kōkako Ahu Whenua Trust for the benefit of the descendants of the traditional owners.
It is a part of the East Islands group about 25 km northeast of Captain Billy Landing.
Isla San Lorenzo Norte is located immediately northwest of Isla San Lorenzo Sur.
Tikei, also known as Manu, Tikai and Tiku is an island in the Tuamotu group in French Polynesia.
Île Howe is one of the islands of the Kerguelen archipelago, situated to the north of Île Foch, just after Île MacMurdo.
It has an area of 11.6 square kilometres and a population of 1,057 in 2010.
Both the island and the channel are named after French explorer Bruni d'Entrecasteaux.
Half the island is covered with glaciers reaching down into the sea.
Seaside resorts include Zinnowitz and the Amber Spas in the west, the Kaiserbad and Świnoujście in the east.
They are located 1.4 km from each other, separated by a channel of ¾ mile wide.
Its area is 3.4 km2 and its coastline is 14.6 km long.
The middle part of the island is relatively flat and marshy, while the outer parts in the north and south are mountainous.
It is located only 8 miles from Chatham, on the Miramichi River.
There are several small skerries in the mouth of the fjord, at the southern end of Simiutaq Island.
It was mapped by Norwegian cartographers from air photos taken by the Lars Christensen Expedition, 1936–37, and remapped by ANARE in 1956.
Mjømna is an island in Gulen Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.
It is the smallest of the four islands in the channels of Wittenberger and Focker Strom.
Ernest Shackleton saw Clarence Island on his famous boat voyage but landed on Elephant Island.
Administratively they belong to the town of Paldiski.
Ona is a village and an island group located in Sandøy Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
Eightmile Island is a forested island on the Ohio River in Mason County, West Virginia.
The island was, however, known throughout Japanese history as "Tako-shima", meaning "Octopus Island."
Cape Breton Island is an island on the Atlantic coast of North America and part of the province of Nova Scotia, Canada.
Rainer Island or Rainier Island is an island in Franz Josef Land, Russia.
The 89-square-kilometre island lies in the western part of the municipality.
Tekokota's shape is roughly oval and it is 5 kilometres in length and 3.5 kilometres in width.
The two Samoan jurisdictions are separated by 64 km of ocean.
In the Intrepid Passage, south of Bathurst Island.
It is approximately 2.5 acres in size and located in City Island Harbor, which is a part of Long Island Sound.
This island is part of an environmentally protected area with many rare plants and animals including the falcon, Falco eleonorae, which finds sanctuary here.
It is dense with coconut forests and other trees.
As a barangay, the island has a health clinic, elementary school and barangay hall.
Haskeir, also known as Great Haskeir is a remote, exposed and uninhabited island in the Outer Hebrides of Scotland.
Gemiler Island is an island located off the coast of Turkey near the city of Fethiye.
The other settlement on the island is the farm at Gallanach.
It is administered within Heraklion regional unit.
This island is part of the Parc naturel régional d'Armorique and Parc naturel marin d'Iroise.
The islands, which retain remnants of forested riparian zones, are used by at least 50 species of birds including ospreys, eagles, herons.
It is around 7 hectares or 0.07 square km in size.
Bågø is a small Danish island located in the Little Belt 5 km north-west of Assens on the island of Funen belonging to Assens Municipality.
Since 2003, enough stays above high tide that it can be called an island.
Both Wales and Vancouver had accompanied Captain James Cook on his second circumnavigation of the globe in HMS Resolution, 1772-75.
It lies north of Lyons Point, Prince of Wales Island in Peel Sound, outside the entrance of the Baring Channel.
Bangka is an island lying east of Sumatra, administratively part of Sumatra, Indonesia, with a population of about 1 million.
It is promoted amongst European visitors as the setting for the Bounty chocolate bar advert.
The island sits at the northern entrance to the vast Hardangerfjorden, west of the Stokksundet strait, south of the Selbjørnsfjorden, and east of the North Sea.
The archipelago is low-lying and is prone to substantial submersion in severe weather.
It belongs to the South Andaman administrative district, part of the Indian union territory of Andaman and Nicobar Islands.
It is the site of the Tasman Island Lighthouse and weather station, which has been automated since 1976 and unmanned since 1977.
Also protected, but under provincial legislation, are several provincial parks, the largest of which is Naikoon Provincial Park on northeastern Graham Island.
Other island groups in the vicinity include the Berens Islands, Black Berry Islands Couper Islands, Deadman Islands, Lawford Islands, and Leo Islands.
It is 80 metres from Great Barrier Island at its closest point and forms the natural harbours of Port FitzRoy and Port Abercrombie.
One of the great harbors of the world, North Sound, and historically Gorda Sound, lies at the northeast end of the island.
The island is the second largest in Western Australia after Dirk Hartog Island.
The island is formed by a fork in a very flat section of the Araguaia River.
The Button Islands are located in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the territory of Nunavut.
Numerous important publications were made in the island by the monks which made it an early major center of Armenian printing.
Awaji Island is an island in Hyōgo Prefecture, Japan, in the eastern part of the Seto Inland Sea between the islands of Honshū and Shikoku.
The Hozier Islands are 5 km to the south, while Christopher Hall Island is to the north.
The resort has been nominated as one of the best island resorts in the world.
It is the largest island in Lake Nicaragua.
They were relocated when they agreed to let the U.S. government temporarily use their home for nuclear testing in 1945.
Its largest settlements are Ibiza Town, Santa Eulària des Riu, and Sant Antoni de Portmany.
Southwest of Clare Island lie the uninhabited Caher Island and the inhabited Inishturk.
The main industries are viticulture and fishing.
Denshima, also known as Yuze, is an uninhabited volcanic pillar located in the Ōsumi Islands and belonging to Kagoshima Prefecture, Japan.
The island is permanently inhabited by monks and families.
It is administered as part of the municipality of Itanhaém in the State of São Paulo.
Bosch was a West Frisian island in the Wadden Sea.
Furö is an island located in the Baltic Sea five nautical miles off the east coast of Oskarshamn in Sweden.
Okolli Island is one of the Canadian arctic islands located in Hudson Strait, Nunavut, Canada.
The island mapped as Flatøy on the Norwegian map is actually three islands.
The island was for the most part unaffected by the tsunami of December 2004.
The island is home to the provincial capital Mariehamn.
Access to the island is through chartered or private boat, although there are some season trips throughout the summer.
Its isolation and size make Secretary Island one of the most important islands in New Zealand for the conservation efforts of vulnerable native species.
The island was renamed after Joseph Somes, the company's deputy-governor and financier at the time.
Nii-jima is also within the boundaries of the Fuji-Hakone-Izu National Park.
The island is linked to the other three major Japanese islands by a number of bridges and tunnels.
The angry colonists burned Leavitt's barn to the ground.
Momote Airport, the terminal for Manus Province, is located on nearby Los Negros Island.
The area was visited by early 19th century sealers.
Boat trips can be taken from the harbour at Mountshannon.
The island supports a population of the tammar wallaby and the bush rat.
Named by him for Lieutenant Robert A. Gillock, U.S. Navy, navigator on Operation Highjump photographic flights over this and other coastal areas between 14°E and 164°E.
It hosts one of the largest populations of magnificent frigatebirds and a slow growing population of the Galápagos land iguanas.
The island supports high end housing and cultural activities.
The lighthouse in the middle of the islet was built in 1872.
It separates the Pacific Ocean from the Gulf of California.
It is 41 ha in size, and 30 metres at its highest point.
In geologic time much of the surface rock has been eroded by glaciation.
Nelson Island is an island in the Sunshine Coast region of the South Coast region of British Columbia.
There is also a small gift shop close to the church and a navigation light at the western end of the islet.
Other islands in the vicinity include Algak Island, Kanuyak Island, Ekalulia Island, North Quadyuk Island, Quadyuk Island, and Shoe Island.
In reality, a weather observation buoy, part of the PIRATA system, is moored at the supposed location of the island.
As of April 2016, it consists of a roughly circular body of land with a bridge providing access to and from the shore.
Its area is 40 km2 with a population of almost 500 and a max elevation of 650 m. Its main town is Ahuréi.
There are indications of an underground monk's cell on the island dating from the 18th century.
The islanders are dependent mainly on agriculture, fishing and seasonal tourism.
Pulau Halang can be reached from Bagansiapiapi by speedboat in about one hour.
It lies about 9 kilometres south of the town of Svolvær and has a population of 237, according to data from 2005.
It was the last home of the Sadlermiut people who are widely believed to represent the Dorset culture.
It was stocked with rabbits and provided with a boatshed for the relief of castaways during the nineteenth century.
Vanua Balavu is the third largest island in Fiji's Lau archipelago, and the main island of the Northern Lau Group.
It is connected with Bali by a road bridge.
Hasvik Airport is located on the southern tip of the island.
In addition a small chapel has an open door to visitors and appears to be cleaned and well maintained by someone.
Centre Island is one of the uninhabited Canadian arctic islands in Kivalliq Region, Nunavut, Canada.
Zuiderduintjes is part of the nature reserve Rottum and access to the island is prohibited.
The undersea Maursund Tunnel the connects Kågen to the mainland.
The walk is rated easy to moderate on a difficulty scale being mostly at sea level and is traversed in one direction.
The people of the island are descendants of former convicts who were exiled to the island and who have mixed with Bugis from Sulawesi.
The island of Rügen is part of the district of Vorpommern-Rügen, with its county seat in Stralsund.
It was designated a natural reserve in 1971, recognizing its role as a very important nesting point for several species of birds.
The Nakoaiyet Islands are an uninhabited island group located northeast of Qikirtajuaq Island in Ungava Bay, in Qikiqtaaluk Region within the Canadian territory of Nunavut.
The highest point of the Balkans is Mount Musala 2,925 metres in the Rila mountain range.
Malpelo counts as a separate "entity" for amateur radio credit.
The island name is derived from its mining history.
It is the westernmost island in the Marshall Islands, approximately 217 kilometres southeast of Enewetak, and approximately 600 kilometres west of the main Ralik Chain.
It is one of several islands located in Chesterfield Inlet.
It uses as resting place by local fishermen, and it has significant attraction of local tourists.
The main island covers an area of 14.95 km² and at the 2016 census had a population of 975.
The hamlet of Škarda that consists of 16 dwellings was completely depopulated in the 1990s.
Tokashiki Island is an island in the Pacific Ocean.
There are four main population centres, the islands of Namu, Majkin, Loen and Mae.
The name "Pituilaktok" comes from the Inuktitut name for a local bird known in English as the black guillemot, "pitiula".
It is administered as part of the city of Toba in Mie Prefecture.
The island is accessible through various ferry and air service companies.
This island is part of Home Islands.
the island is lying 137 km north from Port Blair.
It is one of the four Camotes Islands along with Pacijan Island, Ponson Island, and Tulang Island.
Helligvær is an island group in the Vestfjorden in the municipality of Bodø in Nordland county, Norway.
Two municipalities, Poro and Tudela, are located on Poro Island.
Trukhaniv Island is an island located on the Dnieper River opposite the historic Podil neighbourhood of the city of Kiev.
The islands on its reef have a combined land area of 14.7 km².
It is a Baffin Island offshore island located in Frobisher Bay, southeast of the capital city of Iqaluit.
It is about 200 metres long and 180 metres across, and has an area of 4 hectares and a highest elevation of 36 metres.
The narrow passage between the island and the mainland is the scenic Lemaire Channel.
The island is traditional Tlingit territory, and by the nineteenth century was divided between the Saanyaa Ḵwáan and Taantʼa Ḵwáan tribes or subdivisions.
Gavnø is now associated mainly with Gavnø Castle, an impressive Rococo building with an attractive park.
The Provincial Minister of Forest, Tom Waterland announced that logging would shortly commence over the line.
The group is separated from Williams Point on Varna Peninsula, Livingston Island to the south by the 1.50 km wide Iglika Passage.
It is a Baffin Island offshore island located in Frobisher Bay, southeast of the capital city of Iqaluit.
The highest peak of Šolta is the summit Vela Straža which is 236 metres high.
Jessie Island is north of Kent Island and is part of the North Barnard Islands.
Greenland is located between the Arctic Ocean and the North Atlantic Ocean, northeast of Canada and northwest of Iceland.
It is located to the south from Kinburn peninsula.
Giganteus Island lies just north of the Rookery Islands in the west part of Holme Bay, MacRobertson Land.
To the north west lie the smaller island of Fearamas and the complex island of Cliasaigh Mor/Cliasaigh Beag.
It is serviced by an airport and a harbour.
Nukutavake or Nukutuvake is an island in the Tuamotu group in French Polynesia.
The island is 1.29 km2 in area and lies 12 km west of Port of Spain.
The island was charted from aircraft of the USS Glacier under Captain Edwin A. McDonald, U.S. Navy, in 1962.
Aneityum is the southernmost island of Vanuatu, in the province of Tafea.
The islands of Mjømna and Byrknesøyna lie just west of Sandøyna.
It is approximately 1 km south of Baffin Island, while the Foxe Basin is to the east.
Madre de Dios Island is an island in the Magallanes Region, Chile.
Landegode Church is also located in Fenes.
They are located in Bathurst Inlet, east of Daniel Moore Bay, and south of Lewes Island.
The island occupies an area of 915 hectares.
The island is named after the settlement of Melyane in Northwestern Bulgaria.
Ongley Island is a rugged rocky island lying off the north coast of Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.
Santa Cruz del Islote is an island located off the coast of Bolívar Department in Colombia.
According to Knut Bergsland's Aleut Dictionary, the Aleutian word "chugida-lix" means "to fry, to make sizzle."
It was named by the British Antarctic Expedition, 1910–13.
Gabba Island, or Gerbar in the native language, is an Australian island situated in the Torres Strait, and north-west of Yam Island.
Matakana Island is located in the western Bay of Plenty in New Zealand's North Island.
It is located between the islands of Santa Luzia and Sal.
The administration for Øksnes was historically located on this island, but it was moved to Myre on the main island of Langøya.
These two atolls are quite isolated, the nearest land being Fangatau Atoll 170 km to the south.
The island was part of the Torvastad municipality until 1965, and is the only part of the former municipality which was not incorporated into Karmøy.
Muckle Green Holm is an uninhabited island in the North Isles of the Orkney archipelago in Scotland.
Their name was chosen by Raymond Rallier du Baty in 1908/1909 to honour Albert I, Prince of Monaco.
It is 30 kilometres long and 5 kilometres wide.
The island was part of the traditional hunting lands of the Tyendinaga Mohawk people and the original name of the island is Ganounkouesnot.
The Mason's Island Marina and the Mystic River Marina are located on the north end of the island.
Madura is administered as part of the East Java province.
Beaver Island lies approximately 32 miles from the city of Charlevoix on the mainland, and can only be reached by air or boat.
Industrial development of the island began in earnest during the 1930s.
The islands are noted for their herring fishery.
Because of the island's remote location and small area, it is omitted from many maps of the United Kingdom.
The rocks are named after the settlement of Priboy in Western Bulgaria.
The name 'Lunga' is derived from the Old Norse for 'isle of the longships', but almost all other place names are Gaelic in origin.
It has a distance of 4 km east of the capital, Manama, on Bahrain Island.
This island is part of an environmentally protected area with many rare plants and animals including the falcon, Falco eleonorae, which finds sanctuary here.
It is the largest island in Rogaland county.
Kakeromajima or Kakeroma-tō is one of the Satsunan Islands, classed with the Amami archipelago between Kyūshū and Okinawa.
It is one of two major islands in the lake, the other being the smaller Negit Island.
Dolleman Island is a rounded, ice-covered island, 24 kilometres long, lying 15 kilometres east of Cape Boggs, off the east coast of Palmer Land.
It is an island of great ecological importance as it hosts the largest population of monk seal in the Mediterranean.
Florence Island is a small rocky island lying 0.7 kilometres south of Derby Island near the northern extremity of Astrolabe Glacier Tongue, Antarctica.
The islet is a mountainous underwater volcano and was once connected to the rest of the island about thousands of years ago.
Mesøya is only accessible by boat, and it has no regular ferry service.
Commercial fishing, recreational fishing of Indo-Pacific Blue Marlin, Wahoo, Mahi-mahi, Yellowfin tuna, and deepwater reef fish, tourism.
Vanavana Atoll is uninhabited; however, buildings on the northern end of the island are present.
On the Rock there is a lighthouse, built 1855–1860 from granite and limestone and automated in 1989, and several walls and outbuildings.
Sanday includes rocks that are geologically part of the Paleocene and Eocene British Tertiary Volcanic Province, among some of the youngest rocks found in Scotland.
Nukutavake's length is 5 km and its width between 0.45 km and 1.3 km.
It is a member of the Sverdrup Islands group and the Canadian Arctic Archipelago.
Uummannaq Island is a small island in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland.
Glaronisi, is an islet off the northwest coast of the island Dia, north of the Greek island of Crete.
Faray is a small island in Orkney, Scotland, lying between Eday and Westray.
The complex comprises from the islands Schiza and Sapienza and the islets and rocks Venetiko, Agia Mariani, Avgo, Dyo Aderfia and Boba.
For the Northlink ferry see MS Hildasay
A bridge connects Los Negros Island to Manus Island and the province capital of Lorengau.
The tiny island of Ona and the larger island of Husøy are separated by a shallow 15-metre wide waterway.
The feature is named after the British sealing vessel Liberty under Captain Peacock that visited the South Shetlands in 1821–22.
It is the location of Træna Church.
Most of the island's population lives in the central valley that runs north-south on the island.
The island has an area of 14.4 square kilometres.
The coastline is largely cliff-lined and rocky and there is a natural arch to the north.
Central parts of the island receive very high rainfall rates.
It was armed with coast defence guns from 1901 until 1906, and again from 1908 until the 1930s.
Metela Island is one of the many uninhabited Canadian arctic islands in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut.
Situated at the northern end of King Sound approximately 50 kilometres east of Bardi, the island is part of the Buccaneer Archipelago.
"The man that had the idea to border the road with these plants should have a statue on the island.
Strongyli, also known as Strongylo, is an uninhabited Greek islet, located south of cape Goudero on the coast of Lasithi, eastern Crete, in the Libyan Sea.
Lagotellerie Island is an island 1.9 kilometres long, lying 3.7 kilometres west of Horseshoe Island in Marguerite Bay, off the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.
The Engeløy Airport, Grådussan is located on the northwestern tip of the island.
Norman Rockwell, Brigitte Bardot and John Wayne's signatures are in the hotel guest book from Bitter End circa 1969.
The island has several homes on it and has become an important recreational area for the municipality.
The island was explored by British and Spanish expeditions in the late 18th century.
Alibijaban is a small island located off the southeastern coast of Bondoc Peninsula in the Philippines.
Stag Island is a Canadian island located in the St. Clair River between Corunna, Ontario and Marysville, Michigan.
Even though the island is uninhabited, the Karagin Koryaks have traditionally lived in Karaginskiy Island.
Politically, the island is part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, and constitutes most of its territory.
The island is accessible across a causeway from the mainland, either on foot or by catching an antique horse-drawn tram.
Ruins of the fortifications are still visible today.
Makanrushi is an uninhabited volcanic island located near the northern end of the Kuril Islands chain in the Sea of Okhotsk in the northwest Pacific Ocean.
A town and eleven distinct municipalities are located on the island.
Its corals, lagoons and offshore pools make it a tourist attraction.
The National Scenic Area of which the island is part, hosts a growing number of outdoor leisure pursuits.
Powhatan Point, Ohio is located on the opposite shore from Captina Island.
However, one can rent a speedboat from Bagansiapiapi or Panipahan.
The island is hilly and heavily forested, with few maintained roads or paths.
Because of its unique ecological features, it is entirely protected by several legal proclamations.
Apparently White Island was used for target practice which may have reduced it and made it more rugged than it was before.
It is situated north west of Nordaustlandet.
It has a land area of 24.1 square kilometres.
Shuna is recorded in a late 16th-century document as belonging to John Stewart, the Laird of Appin.
Historically, there were people that lived on the islands and there was a church on Kjerkestappen.
The geological structure was formed by the impact of a meteorite 214 million years ago.
Tarawa is an atoll and the capital of the Republic of Kiribati, in the central Pacific Ocean.
The traditional district of Fosen is named after this island.
Saltholm is a Danish island in the Øresund, the strait that separates Denmark and Sweden.
Efate is an island in the Pacific Ocean which is part of the Shefa Province in The Republic of Vanuatu.
In 1872, it was described as being 300 acres, in 1886 it was 491 acres whilst in 2008 it was 200 acres.
The island is named for Bishop William Theodotus Capers, a native of South Carolina.
Administratively this island belongs to the Khabarovsk Krai of the Russian Federation.
Most of the island's 12 permanent residents live on the southwestern side of the island, however there are many holiday cottages located all over the island.
A giant petrel rookery was observed by ANARE on the island in December 1958, hence the name.
Hateruma, which is composed of corals, has 12.7 km² of area and approximately 600 inhabitants.
The Auckland Islands are an archipelago of New Zealand, lying 465 kilometres south of the South Island.
Extending 760 m in east-west direction and 260 m wide.
The reef encloses a lagoon up to 270 feet deep in its western part.
The island is mostly rocky and barren with little population.
There are also several sea caves along the vertical cliff coast line.
The very shallow lagoon is cut off from the sea by the drying coral reef.
Bru is an island in Rennesøy municipality in Rogaland county, Norway.
It is part of the frazione Pallanza.
The Træna Lighthouse lies south of the island.
Skarbøvik Church is the main church for the island's residents.
The island is an offshore district of Haiphong City.
They continue further east as the German East Frisian Islands and are part of the Frisian Islands.
The fading of Deer Island exemplifies the dwindling finances of Skull and Bones, which can no longer claim the largest society endowment at Yale.
The island is connected to the neighboring island of Kvaløya by the Sommarøy Bridge.
It is separated from the mainland by salt marshes and the Intracoastal Waterway.
The Castle is the only one of these ruins that remain visible today.
1534 belong to the Mochima National Park.
Philpots Island is a member of the Queen Elizabeth Islands and the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the territory of Nunavut.
The island received some notoriety because of a 2016 helicopter crash.
The island was surveyed very early in the region's history and part of the island was named Port Albany.
Cameron Island is a small island just north of Hailstorm Island, in the Swain Islands, Antarctica.
It lies in the Parry Channel, southwest of Lowther Island, and northeast of Hamilton Island.
The island is at the southern entrance to the Sjona fjord.
Following collapse of the Soviet Union, Ukraine was formed as an independent state in 1991.
This led to the establishment of Fort Mackinac on the island by the British during the American Revolutionary War.
In 2010, invasive exotic vegetation were found on the island, requiring a controlled burn-off for their removal and to reduce the presence of weeds.
Malnutrition is common, especially among children, and almost all of the population is dependent on subsistence agriculture.
An enormous number of seabirds link this small island to a vast marine ecosystem.
The island is situated in the Lagonoy Gulf.
A seawall was first constructed in the 1780s by John Harriott, and the island has been the object of farming activities since then.
The island contains areas of rainforest and transitional forests where eucalypt species are emerging.
O'Brien Island is located at the western end of the Beagle Channel.
Administratively, it is within the municipality of Chania, in Chania regional unit.
A management plan for the Althorpe Islands Conservation Park was adopted in 2009.
"Eilean Fraoch" is also a nickname for the Isle of Lewis in the Outer Hebrides and "Fraoch Eilean" was the war-cry of Clan MacNaughton.
Most Ainu on Sakhalin moved to Hokkaido, only 43 kilometres to the south, when the Japanese were displaced from the island in 1949.
It is a government protected nature reserve and is part of East National Park.
It was mapped by the Soviet Antarctic Expedition and named for Mikhail Babushkin, a Soviet polar aviator lost in the Arctic.
The island is part of Bronx Community Board 10.
Kiore were eradicated in the 1980s, and Moutoki Island has long been an outpost for tuatara.
Durban Harbour is on the island's southeast facing side.
Spike Island is an island of 103 acres in Cork Harbour, Ireland.
Bird Island is 4.8 kilometres long and 800 metres wide, separated from the western end of South Georgia by Bird Sound.
Lampedusa has a historic claim to be part of Malta when Malta was a British colony.
It is a part of the Channel Islands State Marine Park.
It is about 10 acres in size and located in eastern St. James Township, Charlevoix County, Michigan.
As a visitor attraction, Grape Island offers trails, rocky beaches, and camping in wooded campsites.
the island is lying 150 km north from Port Blair.
Conservation on the island is managed by Island Conservation Society.
The historical regional name Saikaidō referred to Kyushu and its surrounding islands.
An Italian state property, it has a surface of 0.53 ha and is home to four buildings.
There were 105 inhabitants according to the 2012 census.
There is a road bridge over the 7-metre wide channel of water separating Drøna from Huftarøy.
The island has its own kindergarten and an elementary school that provides education through 7th grade.
It can be visited from its neighbouring island Papa Westray, or Papay, an island less than a hundred metres west of the Holm.
The island is home to the fish processing industry and is home to many people who work in Ålesund.
There is an old mansion on Doles sala, which now serves as the Daugava Museum.
Mona is uninhabited through large parts of the year except for employees of the Puerto Rico Department of Natural Resources.
During WWII, the German Battery Dietl was constructed with three 40.6 cm SK C/34 guns as part of the Atlantic Wall.
Magnificent frigatebirds perch in low bushes, near the boobies, while watching over their large chicks.
The island is part of Loyalist Township in Lennox and Addington County.
Dugi Otok is the seventh largest island in the Adriatic Sea, part of Croatia.
It is the northwesternmost of the Disappointment Islands, in the Tuamotu Archipelago.
The island is accessible by foot along the sandbar at most times, and by car at low tide, by driving on the beach.
Festung Björkestraße, German fortifications with bunkers located there, it was built by Norwegian prisoners of war
Styles in the Thala Dan in February 1960.
Geographically Ahe Atoll is part of the King George Islands subgroup, which includes Ahe, Manihi, Takapoto, Takaroa and Tikei.
The population of the whole island was 4,207.
Also on the southwestern coast, Griffith Island lies directly across from the island's populated hamlet Resolute, separated by the 6.5 mi wide Resolute Passage.
A second hill on the southern shore, Süderwarft, was abandoned in the 19th century and was then destroyed by the sea.
Named in honour of Wilhelm II, who was the German Emperor and King of Prussia, it included the northern part of present-day Papua New Guinea.
During Venetian rule, salt was harvested from salt pans around the island.
It was a way point on the second French exploration of the region.
The islands have a population of slightly over 25,000.
The island has some trees on it, but the northern part is fairly barren and rocky while the southern part is more marshy.
The island lies almost halfway between Hawaii and Australia and is an unincorporated, unorganized territory of the United States.
The island lies in the Korea Strait, south of South Jeolla Province.
The Frankland Islands are teeming with permanent and migratory marine life, especially the Green Sea Turtle which nests on the island.
In recent years, due to the reduction of floods and expansion households.
Kauehi, or Putake, is an atoll in the Tuamotu group in French Polynesia.
Its natural vegetation includes macchia along the coasts and deciduous and mixed deciduous coniferous forests in the interior.
The population of Namu Atoll was 801 in 1998.
Pamilacan is an island in the Bohol Sea, situated 12.5 kilometres south of Bohol island, Philippines.
Other islands in the immediate vicinity include Low Island, Mark Island, McAllister Island, Peak Island, and Precipice Island.
This island is surrounded by a number of offshore rocks.
Notably, Eigg generates virtually 100% of its electricity using renewable energy.
Bispøyan is a group of islands in the municipality of Hitra in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.
With an area of 32.44 km² it is the 16th largest island in Croatia and the largest island in the eponymous Kornati islands archipelago.
It is located in the north-west of the archipelago, 350 km to the east of Tahiti.
The highest point on the island is the 36-metre tall hill Bustihaugen.
Howe Island is an island located in the St. Lawrence River east of Kingston in Frontenac County, Ontario, Canada.
Leyte  is an island in the Visayas group of the Philippines.
It is ranked 15th largest in the world by land area.
Named after the cumin seed that once flourished in the Maltese islands, Comino is noted for its tranquility and isolation.
The island of Bock lies in the Baltic Sea southwest of the island of Hiddensee and east of the peninsula of Zingst.
The island is separated from Appin by the Sound of Shuna.
Together with Takaeang the two large islands form the triangle shape of the atoll with Buariki forming the base.
Construction began in 1861 on two other forts, East and West Martello Towers, which served as side armories and batteries for the larger fort.
The driftwood consists of trees, much broken up, of various sizes, not usually exceeding 14 inches in diameter."
There are two peaks that reach approximately 500 m above sea level.
It is 375 metres in length and never more than 50 metres in width, and rises 4 metres above the sea on a calm day.
It has elongated length 700 m, width 85 m.
The island also has the ruins of a broch, cairn and chapel.
Each bungalow comes with a personal buggy for free circulation throughout the island.
Nowadays, Fungus Rock is a nature reserve.
Māori named the island "Taukihepa" and Europeans, who arrived later, called it "Big South Cape".
The island is named after the settlement of Ribnik in Southwestern Bulgaria.
Levuka, Fiji's former capital, is the largest of 24 towns and villages on the island.
Awrey Island is an uninhabited island located in Hudson Bay, within the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada.
Of the two islands, Grande-Terre is home to the majority of Guadeloupe's farmlands and tourist resorts.
The archaeological site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2015.
Boigu has an area of 89.6 square kilometres.
Nelson Island is an island in the Bethel Census Area of southwestern Alaska.
The island has several Neolithic burial chamber sites, as well as the remains of Duke Hakon's 13th-century house dating from the Norse occupation of the island.
The island is especially well known for its large production of tomatoes in greenhouses, about 15 percent of Norway's total production.
It takes its name from the former Swiss municipality Triboltingen, which was located on the souther shore of Lake Untersee.
The island has ferry connections to Finnøya, Ona, and Orta.
The alternative name Morrell Island is after Benjamin Morrell, an American explorer and whaling captain.
The town of Waisai in the west of the island is the capital of the Raja Ampat regency.
Negit is an important nesting ground for migratory birds, including the California gull, which can often be seen wheeling in the air above Mono Lake.
The islands were named for the US-ACAN for Aerographer's Mate Roger E. Smith, USN, a member of the Wilkes Station party of 1958.
The rocks are named after the settlement of Skrino in Western Bulgaria.
Aguigan and neighboring Tinian Island together form Tinian Municipality, one of the four main political divisions that comprise the Northern Marianas.
Archaeologists have found artefacts on this island group, from ancient and early Christian eras, indicating that the islands may have been inhabited in the past.
Isabel Island is an island in the Strait of Magellan.
It is west of the mainland's Melville Peninsula.
It is located at the confluence of Hudson Strait and the Labrador Sea.
It is now enjoyed by many locals and visitors.
The island is connected to the mainland by the Karmsund Bridge in the north and the Karmøy Tunnel in the central part.
It is separated from Anvers Island to the south and Vromos Island to the north by 300 m and 220 m wide passages respectively.
Lanzarote is a Spanish island, the easternmost of the autonomous Canary Islands in the Atlantic Ocean.
Pulau Yos Sudarso or Pulau Dolak is an island separated only by the narrow Muli Strait from the main island of New Guinea.
The village of Skrova is connected to the town of Svolvær and Skutvika by regularly scheduled ferry routes.
The junction of Johnstone Strait and Discovery Passage lies just south of East Thurlow Island.
White Island is separated from Southampton Island by the narrow Comer Strait to the west, and Falcon Strait to the south.
Its total land area is only 0.6 square kilometres, and has a length of 1.2 kilometres.
The music video was directed by Tarik Saleh and features Li and actor Fares Fares.
It is a member of the Belcher Islands group in Hudson Bay.
This atoll is located 72 km southeast of Manuae, its nearest neighbor.
The northern part is included in the Copenhagen municipality.
The 172 small islands are located in western Ungava Bay off the northern coast of Quebec.
It consists of a complex of several overlapping basaltic stratovolcanoes rising 700 m above sea level.
The Chilean Navy maintains a station on the island, consisting of a residence, utility building, chapel, and lighthouse.
Its latitude is 67° 28' N and its longitude 174° 37' W.
The Island is accessed by the Hatchet Lake Airport and Hatchet Lake Water Aerodrome both owned by the Hatchet Lake Lodge.
The island is located in Storm Bay, situated off the Tasman Peninsula.
The vegetation on the islands is limited by the extreme exposure and only six species of flowering plants have been recorded.
They erected a mast on this island from which they flew the Argentine national colors.
Ibo is one of the Quirimbas Islands in the Indian Ocean off northern Mozambique.
Compared to other Arctic archipelagos, Franz Joseph Land has a high dissection rate of 3.6 square kilometers per coastline kilometer.
Gabo Island is a shipping reference commonly referred to in Victorian weather warnings issued by the Australian Bureau of Meteorology.
Huftarøy is the largest island in the municipality of Austevoll in Hordaland county, Norway.
Southwest of mainland Jamaica lies Pedro Bank, an area of shallow seas, with a number of cays, extending generally east to west for over 160 km.
In 1841 the population was 16 individuals in two households but by 1881 no population as recorded, the island having been cleared in 1846 by F.W.
Faial Island, also known in English as Fayal, is a Portuguese island of the Central Group of the Azores.
Baluan Island is the southern most island of the Admiralty Islands group which make up the majority of Manus Province in Papua New Guinea.
San Andrés, in the southern group of islands, is the largest of the department.
Blomøyna or Blomøy is an island in Øygarden municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.
Kitterland is currently owned by the Manx National Trust and has a wealth of bird and marine wildlife.
Cook Strait's narrowest point is between Arapaoa Island's Perano Head and Cape Terawhiti in the North Island.
Føyno is an island in Stord municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.
The island is 2 km long and 1.5 km maximum width, with a total of 2,729 km2 of total area.
Located at 76°39'N 101°04'W, Helena Island measures 327 km2 in area, measures 41 kilometres long and 12.8 kilometres wide.
They rise out of 4-to-6-kilometre deep ocean and have a total land area of approximately 180 square kilometres.
The island's landscape is industrial with a small wooded portion at the southern tip.
Dorsey Island is a mainly ice-covered island, 22 kilometres long, lying in Wilkins Sound off the west coast of Alexander Island, Antarctica.
Moriori are the indigenous people of the Chatham Islands, and members of the Māori Ngāti Mutunga tribe have also settled on the island.
Although Bougainville Island is geographically part of the Solomon Islands archipelago, it is not a part of the state of Solomon Islands.
Svartsö is an island located in the Stockholm archipelago in Värmdö Municipality in Sweden.
Nordlandet is an island in Kristiansund Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
Only a very small portion of it, consisting of a few boulders, appears above water during times of low water levels.
Minamidaitōjima, also spelt as Minami Daitō or Minami-Daitō, is the largest island in the Daitō Islands group southeast of Okinawa, Japan.
The island features a lighthouse and a freshwater spring.
Although occupied at various times during the past, the island is uninhabited today.
There are eight named cays, including South Cay Rock which is sometimes subsumed with South Cay.
The island has the shape of an irregular horseshoe.
Pike Island is a Baffin Island offshore island located in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the territory of Nunavut.
These mostly hilly islands are of limestone formation, have no permanent streams, and very little wood, but are covered with tall grass.
Middle Osborn Island is an island off the coast of the Kimberley region in Western Australia.
Zubof Rock is a small island near Sitka, Alaska, United States, off the northeast coast of Baranof Island.
It lies at the northern end of Penny Strait, between Devon Island and Crescent Island.
Isla Gallo, is an island in the Gulf of California east of the Baja California Peninsula.
Storr Island is about 150 kilometres north west of Bardi.
Kotelny is one of the 50 largest islands in the world.
Although unininhabited, it is politically part of St. James Township, Charlevoix County, Michigan
This was because they had horny skin on their feet and hands, and permanently smelt of fish.
It constitutes the nearest land to the Antarctic continent.
South Pagai is one of the Mentawai Islands off the west coast of Sumatra in Indonesia.
The Indonesian part, also known as West Timor, constitutes part of the province of East Nusa Tenggara.
Nansen Island is named in the honor and memory of Arctic explorer Fridtjof Nansen, who explored and charted the Franz Josef Archipelago in 1896.
Immediately offshore along the Pacific coast of the peninsula runs the 10,500-metre deep Kuril–Kamchatka Trench.
The island is within King Frederick VIII Land in the Northeast Greenland National Park.
It was the site of three battles:
Pisiktarfik Island is a member of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the territory of Nunavut.
The island is operated as a city park and is uninhabited.
An obelisk, about 2.7 m high, stands on the SW corner.
The highest point on the island is 51 metres above sea level.
The island is uninhabited and is part of the Mexicali Municipality.
This agreement was ratified on 27 March 1941 after which the United States built a seaplane base on the island.
The South Georgia Survey reported that this feature is known to whalers and sealers as "Grassholmen," and that Em Island is unknown locally.
The Nunavut island was named after Matt Bjarnason by Dr. Raymond Thorsteinsson of the Geological Survey of Canada in the early 1970s.
The island is owned by the Malkerson family and has been used as a summertime weekend retreat for five generations.
In addition to the cities, several logging communities are based on barges, which move about the waterways.
It was filmed as the Walt Disney Pictures film The Island at the Top of the World in 1974.
The short-lived 2002 U.S. reality show Under One Roof was filmed on Koro Island.
Mansel Island, a member of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago, is an uninhabited island in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut.
Innaarsuit Island is an island in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland, home to the Innaarsuit settlement.
The island is closed to visitors from 1 October until Easter to prevent disturbance to the large number of seal pups.
The Ile du Golfe is a limestone island located close to the south-western coast of Tasmania, Australia.
The word Adak is from the Aleut word adaq, which means "father".
All beaches in the USVI are public when approached from the water.
Its twin, North Midway Island is situated 1 km to the north.
Guadalcanal is mainly covered in dense tropical rainforest and it has a mountainous interior.
There are also two primary schools, one lower secondary school, and Valderøy Church on Valderhaugstrand.
It is located 24 kilometres southwest of Makemo Atoll's westernmost point.
It is located 1 km southwest of the island capital Sal Rei.
La Palma, also San Miguel de La Palma, is the most north-westerly island of the Canary Islands, Spain.
The island has no facilities for visitors, and is dependent upon its tidal access to and from Colonsay.
They are administered from the municipality of Kissamos.
Signs are posted where such rules are in effect.
Its name is because from many parts of Queenstown the island is invisible.
It measures 27 km in length with a maximum width of 11 km.
The Aboriginal name for Brisk Island is Culgarool Island.
The group is made up of Stinear Island and Béchervaise Island, amongst others.
Islands in the immediate vicinity include Pike and Fletcher Islands to the east.
The Minquiers are a group of islands and rocks, about 15 km south of Jersey.
Nord-Hidle is not connected to any other islands.
It is 6 miles long, 3 miles wide and has 27 miles of coastline.
Severny Island is the northern island of the Novaya Zemlya archipelago, lying approximately 400 km north of the Russian mainland.
It is one of the larger islands of the archipelago, with a population of 56,000 inhabitants in an area of approximately 396.75 square kilometres.
It once housed a military camp that was later abandoned, but the island was redeveloped in 1980.
Blackwood Island is part of the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park at the tip of Cape Melville, Queensland in Bathurst Bay.
The island presently has no permanent resident population.
Wotje Atoll is a coral atoll of 75 islands in the Pacific Ocean, and forms a legislative district of the Ratak Chain of the Marshall Islands.
Boigu Island is the most northerly inhabited island of Queensland and of Australia.
Emerick Island is one of the many uninhabited Canadian Arctic islands in the Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut.
The gulf opens out into the Philippine Sea, found to the east of Samar and is part of the Pacific Ocean.
Between 1400 and 1570 CE, Monnikenlangenoog was split into the islands Rottumeroog and Bosch.
The island sits west of the Fedjefjorden, south of the mouth of the Fensfjorden, and north of the islands of Øygarden.
The Leybourne Islands are to the south, while Jackson Island is to the north.
In 1940 a Finnish civilian airplane Kaleva was shot down by two Soviet Ilyushin DB-3 bombers near the island.
It is the largest atoll within the Acteon Group, and like others in this group, is administratively part of the commune of the Gambier Islands.
Taquile community have their own Travel Agency Munay Taquile [1] has been established to regain local control over tourism.
Anna Maria Island, sometimes called Anna Maria Key, is a barrier island on the coast of Manatee County, Florida, in the United States.
Graham Island is the largest island in the Haida Gwaii archipelago, lying off the coast of British Columbia, Canada.
The uninhabited island lies in Frobisher Bay, approximately 12 km southwest of Iqaluit.
In 2000, the island became rat-free after a team from New Zealand helped in an extermination.
The 7.5-square-kilometre island lies in the Edøyfjorden between the larger islands of Smøla and Ertvågsøya and Tustna.
Along with the nearby islets Prasoudi, Planemi and Agios Ioannis comprise a small group of islands.
In the past, several vessels have sunk off the coast.
At least two people have died from irukandji jellyfish stings while snorkeling off Hook Island.
Other settlements, in addition to research outposts, are the Russian mining community of Barentsburg, the research community of Ny-Ålesund, and the mining outpost of Sveagruva.
Cheshire Rock is named after Lieutenant Commander Peter Cheshire, leader of the Royal Navy Hydrographic Survey Unit in the area in 1967.
Hyde Parker Island is a member of the Queen Elizabeth Islands and the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the territory of Nunavut.
The village of Lurøy is located on Lurøya, and that is the administrative centre of the municipality.
The islands are located about a 90-minute ferry ride west of the mainland.
St. Andrews Islands is an island of Papua New Guinea.
The first US Navy ship to anchor in the harbor was the USS Makin Island, a small "jeep" carrier.
It is part of the Haparanda archipelago.
In the Hopewell Islands, near Inukjuak, Quebec, between McCormack Island and Hopkins Island.
It is the fourth largest island in the world.
Most of the island is parkland, spanning a total of 432.69 acres.
Hjelm is a small Danish unpopulated island located in the Kattegat 10 km south-east from Ebeltoft.
The village of Nordbotn on the island of Fjellværsøya lies about 7 kilometres to the west.
The last keeper left the island in September 2002.
They have a population of about 15,000.
Cuyo is divided in three municipalities, namely Cuyo, Agutaya, and Magsaysay:
Sanna is an island and village area in the municipality of Træna in Nordland county, Norway.
The southern entrance to the Hitra Tunnel is located on the island, connecting to Sandstad on the neighboring island of Hitra.
It is around 7 hectares or 0.07 square km in size.
It lies in Baffin Bay, with Hyde Inlet to the north, and the Parry Channel to the south.
The area prospered as a fishing village, and transshipment point for the Toba Domain under the Tokugawa shogunate in the Edo period.
Located in Foxe Basin, it is an uninhabited Baffin Island offshore island.
The Muskingum River empties into the Ohio River just below Buckley Island while the Little Muskingum River empties just above it.
Named for Lautaro Ponce, Chief of Antarctic Operations, University of Chile, in appreciation for Chilean logistical support provided to the Wisconsin field party.
Leading Island is one of the many uninhabited Canadian arctic islands in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut.
One of the Slate Islands, Seil is a small island on the east side of the Firth of Lorn, 7 miles southwest of Oban, in Scotland.
Croker Island is the largest island, and the only permanently inhabited island, in the Croker Group.
Karlsøya, Reinøya, and Ringvassøya are located to the south of the island.
It is located in the central area of the archipelago, north of Hall Island, between Champ Island and Wilczek Land.
It then became an island after the valley was flooded.
Grande-Terre's indented coastline is surrounded by coral reefs and the island itself is a limestone plateau.
Fjelbergøya is an island in Kvinnherad municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.
The focus of human settlement on the island is the homestead at Chimney Corner at the westernmost point.
Fakarava, Havaiki-te-araro, Havai'i or Farea is an atoll in the west of the Tuamotu group in French Polynesia.
Bartolomé is famous for its Pinnacle Rock, which is the distinctive characteristic of this island, and the most representative landmark of the Galápagos.
Santa Cruz Island is located within Santa Barbara County, California.
At 124.7 km2, it is one of the largest islands in the Upernavik Archipelago, located in its southern part.
Koufonisi is an uninhabited Greek islet, located 3 nautical miles south of cape Goudero on the coast of Lasithi, eastern Crete, in the Libyan Sea.
The islands have been claimed by the United Kingdom since 1908 and have been part of the British Antarctic Territory since 1962.
The whole island is a pedestrian zone, no traffic is allowed with the exception of vehicles supplying the local businesses.
Lee Island, northeast of Forder Island and joined to it at low tide
The island was cleared for sheep in 1846.
The island is separated from Leyte by the San Juanico Strait, which at its narrowest point is only about 2 kilometres across.
The retreat closed in the late 1930s and some remnants of it remain on the island.
Porphyry Island is an island in Unorganized Thunder Bay District in northwestern Ontario, Canada.
The highest peaks are 1,100 m and 1,000 m. While the island is strewn with lakes, the largest is 17 km long.
Muingmak Island is in the immediate vicinity.
Puerto Egas, south of James Bay and west side of Santiago, is one of the best sites.
Isla Tortuga is an island in the Gulf of California, created relatively recently in geologic terms by the volcanism associated with the East Pacific Rise.
Administratively, the island is also a municipality.
But this does give large bays, with sand and soft shingle which attracts a healthy number of Galápagos sea lions
The island is not set up for visitors, although the surrounding water is used by aquatic divers on organised tours.
Typically seen at low tides, Zubof Rock is about 400 yards long from north to south.
The ferry runs between the islands of Kvamsøya, Voksa, and Gurskøya and also to Åram on the mainland.
The island has areas of federal crown land and areas of private land owned by Inuit, however, the last permanent residents left in the 1970s.
During that voyage, rock crystal, common iron glance, and red iron ore were discovered on the island.
It is located in the Victoria Strait, south of Victoria Island's Collinson Peninsula.
It has a tropical climate and has a maximum elevation of 650 feet at its highest.
Nengonengo is a small atoll of the Tuamotu Archipelago in French Polynesia.
Takume has many small motus on its reef; most are located on its eastern fringes.
This bridge was destroyed by storms in 2005, and has been replaced by a road bridge which was completed in April 2006.
One side of the island is a beach covered with white sand, while the other side has a rocky vertical cliff.
The highest point on the rugged island is the 218-metre tall Høgafjellet.
It lies in Diana Bay, in the north-east of Quebec's Ungava Peninsula.
Eddystone is a tower-shaped rock or small island, located in the Southern Ocean, off the southern coast of Tasmania, Australia.
It lies in the Penny Strait, west of Devon Island.
The island is a single flooded mountain of 376 m. Its name means "heart-shaped" in the Greenlandic language.
Aupaluktok Island, Ekallulik Island, Iglunga Island, the Kaigosuit Islands, and Kudjak Island are in the vicinity.
Vrgada is an island off the coast of Croatia in the Adriatic Sea.
Its highest peak, Mount Harmer, rises to 1,115 m.
Two more Young Islands lie within Nunavut.
The islands were first settled as early as AD 300 by Polynesian long-distance navigators.
Hornos Island is a Chilean island at the southern tip of South America.
It is a Baffin Island offshore island located in Frobisher Bay, southeast of the capital city of Iqaluit.
The island belongs to the Northeast Group of the Savage Islands, which comprises in addition three islets: Sinho Islet, Palheiro do Mar, and Palheiro de Terra.
Granön is a small island in the Swedish part of the Gulf of Bothnia, near to the town of Sundsvall.
The small chapel of Christ Church is maintained and services are held biannually.
Although the island is uninhabited there is both an unmanned Distant Early Warning Line base, called FOX-1 at 69°04′01″N 079°03′54″W, and an Automated Surface Observing System.
Its name in Irish means "Island of Fasting."
The country has one of the most rugged landscapes in the Caribbean, covered by a largely unexploited, multi-layered rain forest.
Dolgy Island is an island in the Pechora Sea, east of the Khaypudyr Bay.
Magnetic Island is a small island on the north side of Tuxnedi Bay, an inlet on the lower west side of Cook Inlet in south-central Alaska.
The Whitsunday Islands is a collection of continental islands of various sizes off the central coast of Queensland, Australia, approximately 900 kilometres north of Brisbane.
Bertha Island is an island 4.6 kilometres long, lying 1.9 kilometres south of Islay at the east side of William Scoresby Bay.
They held it until 1949, when it was expropriated by the communist authorities.
The island has 49 permanent residents, plus a number of seasonal residents and visitors who rent vacation homes.
The Dion Islands were first sighted and roughly charted by the French Antarctic Expedition in 1909.
Its area is 2.5 hectares and its coastline is 0.64 kilometres long.
The island sits just west of the town of Hammerfest.
There was also a cottage on the island, probably also built in the early 19th century, which was ostensibly occupied by fishermen.
It is part of the municipality of Moalboal.
The coast of the island is dominated by numerous towering rock cliffs, which are interrupted by some flat beaches.
Honores Rock is a rock lying 1 kilometre southwest of Ferrer Point in Discovery Bay, Greenwich Island, in the South Shetland Islands.
Kimmirut, an Inuit hamlet, is to the east.
It nests in large sandy heaps, litter and other debris, where the heat generated by the decomposition of the organic material serves to incubate the eggs.
For that reason, this article lists 152 separate islands.
It is named after Diego de Almagro.
The island has one seabird reserve, which was established in 1983.
The two entrances into the lagoon are 'Mogiri Pass' and 'Eniibukku Pass'.
The islet group was discovered and named by Matthew Flinders in 1802 after Nicolas Baudin.
The Mary-Jane was wrecked off the island in 1875.
Barøy Lighthouse is located on the northwestern part of the island.
The peak is named after Sir Arnold Weinholt Hodson, a governor of the Falkland Islands.
Seasonally, Bartolomé is the mating and nesting site for the green turtles.
It was named after Queen Isabella of Spain.
An island Marilyn, it is home to part of the world's largest colony of northern gannet.
Its total land area is only 1.68 square kilometres, but it encloses a lagoon of 144 square kilometres.
Kogajajima is an uninhabited volcanic island located in the Tokara Islands, part of the Kagoshima Prefecture, Japan.
Barrientos Island is an ice-free island in the Aitcho group on the west side of English Strait in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.
The highest point is 3.6 m above the sea level.
Administratively the islets are part of the municipal unit Lefki.
The island, which is accessible only via passenger ferry or by private watercraft, contains about 150 cottages.
Chamisso Island has been a Natural Reserve since December 7, 1912.
The island has two bays: one named Clipper Bay and one unnamed.
Joinville Island, located at 63°15′S 55°45′W, is the largest island of the Joinville Island group.
There are seals, petrels, and a bank of kelp just offshore, especially around a small inlet on Morrell called Ferguson Bay.
Migingo is a 2,000-square-metre island, in Lake Victoria.
The island is uninhabited, but has a lighthouse and a short hiking trail.
The Federal Aviation Administration erected a low level windshear alert system tower on the island in order to assist incoming pilots to Juneau International Airport.
Though polynyas form in the area, the island is commonly ice locked year round.
It is generally considered the top university and the most selective institution of higher education in the state of Louisiana.
At the east end of the island is located the lighthouse Punta Divide.
The area was visited by early 19th century sealers.
This village used to be the administrative centre of Loppa and an important fishing village for the municipality.
According to the 2012 census, there are 22 inhabitants.
Isla San Cosme, is an island in the Gulf of California east of the Baja California Peninsula.
Antipsara is a small Greek island in the Aegean Sea.
Its maximum elevation is approximately 4 metres.
Hellisay is an island in the southern Outer Hebrides of Scotland.
The island lies where the Hjeltefjorden meets the Byfjorden.
The main foods on the island are fish and vegetables grown on the perfect growing volcanic soil.
Allports Island is a small uninhabited island located in Queen Charlotte Sound in Marlborough, New Zealand.
By road, the island is approximately 68 km south east of the city of Sault Ste.
The protected area includes Chamisso Island and Puffin Island, as well as some rocky islets nearby.
It is mostly forested, with scattered bogs and an inland lake known as "Perch Lake."
The main islands are Ano Koufonisi, Kato Koufonisi, Irakleia, Schoinoussa, Donousa and Keros.
It is connected to the village of Eiksund on the island of Hareidlandet by the Eiksund Bridge.
It is 1.4 miles long and an 0.125 miles wide.
The islands form the Trial Islands Ecological Reserve and entry outside designated zones is prohibited.
Tierra del Fuego is an archipelago off the southernmost tip of the South American mainland, across the Strait of Magellan.
Breakfast consists of two pancakes with sugar or bread with eggs, with a cup of tea made from either Muña or Coca.
There are no bridges or other means of automobile access to the island, and no roads on the island.
It has a peak of 178 m.
A site at Nara Inlet is the oldest indication of Aboriginal occupation in the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park.
It is located approximately 62 kilometres south-southwest of Kwajalein Atoll.
Karkarpko Island is a small island in the Chukchi Sea.
Presently, only one inhabited settlement remains on the island, though several abandoned and resettled communities can be found along its coast, including Piccaire and Little Bay.
Explorer James Cook sailed by the island in May 1770.
The two granite islands are separated by a channel about 20 metres wide.
Here there are also swallow-tailed gulls and other tropical birds.
Ensay House was built in the Edwardian period.
It is situated in middle-Dalmatian archipelago, northwest of Šolta, 1.8 kilometres from the mainland.
Administratively, the island belongs to Styra municipality.
Woleai is also the name of the largest of the islets constituting the atoll, lying to the northeast.
Prescott Island is one of the uninhabited Canadian Arctic islands in the territory of Nunavut.
Only four of them are inhabited, Ano Koufonisi, Irakleia, Donousa and Schoinoussa.
The inhabitants on Haruku speak the Haruku language, as well as Indonesian and Ambonese Malay.
Kitterland is an islet in the Calf Sound between the Isle of Man and the Calf of Man in the Irish Sea.
Spencer Island is one of several uninhabited Canadian arctic islands in Nunavut, Canada located within James Bay.
Today, the islands of Fjelbergøya and Borgundøya are still often referred to as Fjelberg.
The island was mapped from surveys and air photos by the Japanese Antarctic Research Expedition, 1957–62, whose headquarters gave the name "Hiyoko-jima" in 1972.
It is administered as part of the village of Kitadaitō, Shimajiri District, Okinawa.
It is part of the Findlay Group.
In documents and accounts from the 1800s, it was also known as Boston, Covell's Group, Fourteen Islands, and Linnez.
The island has a long history of occupation, dating at least from Anglo-Saxon and Viking age.
The island was named after Princess Thyra of Denmark.
Idjwi or Ijwi is an island in Lake Kivu, belonging to the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The island is currently occupied by the undeveloped Croil Island State Park.
The island was discovered by Christopher Columbus on his second voyage in 1494.
Other island groups in the vicinity include the Akvitlak Islands, Black Berry Islands, Duke of York Archipelago, Miles Islands, Nauyan Islands, Outcast Islands, and Sisters Islands.
Together they form the territory of Vasileostrovsky District, an administrative division of Saint Petersburg.
A navigational beacon is proposed for the island for sailors travelling along the French Pass.
Tendra Spit is a sandbar in Black Sea near the coast of Kherson Oblast in Ukraine.
It is separated from Pitt Islands to the northeast by Mraka Sound, and from Lavoisier Island to the southwest by Pendleton Strait.
The island is approximately 9.6 mi² and has a population of 10,894.
Oksenøya has an area of 108 square kilometres.
Temenuga is 620 m long by 450 m wide, and is separated from Kalotina Island to the west by a 140 m wide passage.
Tsakalonisi is a small Greek island in the Ionian Sea, part of the Echinades archipelago.
Gordon Island is an island in the Tierra del Fuego archipelago located between the Tierra del Fuego and the Hoste Island.
Nikumaroro is approximately 7.5 kilometres long by 2.5 kilometres wide.
The population of the island excluding Amaknak as of the 2000 census was 1,759 residents.
Okinawa Island is the largest of the Okinawa Islands and the Ryukyu Islands of Japan.
It is a type of inland island.
There are no longer any permanent residents on Skålvær, but the place is far from abandoned.
It is surrounded by 70 hectares of coral reefs and sandy areas.
Ford Island is a rocky Antarctic island, 2.4 km long, between O'Connor and Cloyd Islands in the southern part of the Windmill Islands.
The island is connected to the mainland by the Bolsøy Bridge and to the town of Molde by the Fannefjord Tunnel, both on County Road 64.
The atoll habitat of the island contributes to its national significance as outlined in Fiji's Biodiversity Strategy and Action Plan.
The survivors made it to shore and established a camp where they subsisted until rescued about a month later.
Gran Canaria was populated by the Canarii, who may have arrived as early as 500 BC.
Today, it has over 3,000 inhabitants and the main commercial activities are agriculture, malt whisky distillation and tourism.
The western tip of the peninsula extends into the Kinburn Foreland.
The island is contained within the Southwest National Park, part of the Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Site.
White Island is an island in the Ross Archipelago of Antarctica.
The island is flat: just 13 m at its highest point.
It lies 160 km from Port Moresby.
Takong Island was affected by the Guimaras Oil Spill of 2006.
The island is the legendary retreat of the 7th-century Saint Cormac.
These small islands cover over 6,695 hectares or about 66 square kilometres.
It has a total surface area of 277.62 acres, which makes it the 12th largest island in the archipelago.
Wiay is an uninhabited island in the Outer Hebrides.
It is part of the Cockburn Islands Group.
Guyer Rock is a low rock lying 30 kilometres west of the Flyspot Rocks, Marguerite Bay, off the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.
Johns Island is an uninhabited island within Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada.
The island lies at the head of Ward Inlet, between Becher Peninsula and Hall Peninsula.
During summertime, the number of people on the island multiplies.
Mason's Island; an inhabited island at the mouth of the Mystic River, in Stonington, Connecticut.
Bickerton Island is privately owned Aboriginal land.
The island is situated in Temple Bay about 200 km northeast of Iron Range National Park and Lockhart River on the Cape York Peninsula.
Kerkennah's main town, Remla has a population of 2,000.
The inhabitants of the Fly River delta engage in agriculture and hunting.
There are three deep, navigable, passes into the lagoon, which are called Motupuapua, Teavatapu and Otao.
Woolshed Bay on the protected southern shore is a popular overnight mooring spot for cruising from Auckland.
Vaygach Island is separated from the Yugorsky Peninsula in the mainland by the Yugorsky Strait and from Novaya Zemlya by the Kara Strait.
In 1909, Nihoa became part of the Hawaiian Islands Reservation, a federal wildlife refuge established by U.S president Theodore Roosevelt.
The protected area has an area of 563 hectares, of which 128 hectares are land.
The first recorded sighting of Faraulep Atoll by Europeans was by a Spanish ship sailing from Manila piloted by Juan Rodríguez in 1696.
The island sits off the mainland coast in southwestern Gulen, and it is part of a large archipelago of islands.
The central group is further divided into a northern and southern section by the Markham Strait.
Enø is a small Danish island off the west coast of Zealand between Karrebæk Fjord and Karrebæksminde Bugt.
As an island, Greenland has no land boundaries and 44,087 km of coastline.
The National Trust for Scotland has owned Mingulay since 2000.
That accident have caused the death of hundreds of people.
As on the Shag Rocks, cormorants make up a large part of the bird population.
Cow Island is an island on Rice Lake in Ontario, Canada, just west of the mouth of the Otonabee River.
South Stradbroke Island consists mainly of sand dunes, remnant livistona rainforest and melaleuca wetlands.
Mactan-Cebu International Airport is located on the island.
Most of its territory is within the Ilha Grande State Park.
Today, bodies washed ashore are transferred to the continent.
Mauritius is an island of Africa's southeast coast located in the Indian Ocean, east of Madagascar.
He died in 1838 at the age of 57.
There are no permanent sources of fresh water on the islands.
It was mapped by Norwegian cartographers from aerial photos taken by the Lars Christensen Expedition, 1936–37, and called "Meøya".
It is located in the western area of the archipelago, 58 km SW of Rangiroa.
It is a Baffin Island offshore island in Qikiqtaaluk Region.
Berkner Island was named by the United States Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for American physicist Lloyd Berkner, engineer with the Byrd Antarctic Expedition.
Big Scare is 12 kilometres south west of Port William and a similar distance east of the Mull of Galloway.
Loks Land was the site of one of the stations in the Distant Early Warning Line radar defence network, and had the code number BAF-4A.
Other islands in the immediate vicinity include Kekertaluk Island and Kekertuk Island.
To the south are located couple of islands Dovhyi and Kruhlyi, both are administratively belong to Ochakiv Raion, Mykolaiv Oblast.
There is an overnight hostel on the island too.
The island is entirely cultivated for agriculture, although it lacks freshwater sources.
McClintok Island or MacKlintok Island is an island in Franz Josef Land, Russia.
Motu One is located 550 km northwest from Tahiti and 72 km northeast of Manuae, its closest neighbor.
The island has long become established as a holiday destination with many hotels and several resorts in operation to cater for all levels of service.
Aitutaki, also traditionally known as Araura, Ararau and Utataki, is one of the Cook Islands, north of Rarotonga.
The island has a total land area of 102.99 km², though it was larger before the Great Slide of 1825.
The narrow strait between Taymyr island and the Siberian coast is called Proliv Taymyrskiy It is about 3 km wide on average.
It has a population of around 2,100 in eight villages, the most important of which is the capital Tubou which lies in the island’s south.
Its highest point is 350 m asl and it lies about 2 km from the mainland in the entrance to Breaksea Sound, north of Resolution Island.
It includes the smaller Chappaquiddick Island which is usually connected to the Vineyard, though storms and hurricanes have been known to separate the two.
In 2011, Tunø Festival enjoyed its 25th anniversary.
The alternative native Greenlandic names of Agpalik or Appalik are also in use.
Measuring 9.3 kilometres in length, the island has a lagoon with a width of 1.5 kilometres covering an area of 25 square kilometres.
The area was visited by early 19th century sealers operating from nearby Clothier Harbour.
Malvinas Islands are located south of Puerto Sánchez in the General Carrera Lake, Aisén Region of Chile.
Eddystone Rocks is a group of two rocks lying to the northwest of Rugged Island off western Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.
The light was built in 1883 and fully automated in 1980.
The island is the capital and the home to the administrative government of the Thousands Island regency.
Isla Catalana, being uninhabited, is separated by the sea from the nearest town, Loreto, which lies about 60 km away.
Besides Babel Island, other islands as part of the Babel Group include the Cat and Storehouse islands and Fifty Foot Rock.
The peninsula forms the Gulf of Bandırma on its east and the Gulf of Erdek on its west.
Legends in Inca mythology refer to the island as the location where Viracocha commanded the rising of the moon.
Along with several smaller neighboring islands, the island makes up Hiiu County; one of the 15 counties of Estonia.
An erosional remnant of the Tasmanian mainland, the island is approximately 270 metres long, 100 metres wide, with an elevation of 60 metres above sea level.
The southern end of the island is separated from the mainland by San Luis Pass.
A 1992 storm destroyed most of the club's structures on the Island.
Another, smaller Hat Island is also in Nunavut.
Memorial Day to Labor Day there is a Farmer's Market each Saturday at the country store.
Its southern end lies 7 km east of the south-western extremity of Coronation Island, between Lewthwaite Strait and Washington Strait.
Administratively it belongs to Virtsu small borough in Hanila Parish, Lääne County.
The island is a part of Ekerö Municipality.
Its area of 56 square km and length of 42 km make it the Black Sea's biggest island, located at the Karkinit Bay.
Aim Rocks is a group of rocks lying east of Cape Timblón in the middle of Morton Strait in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.
It is historically notable for its close proximity to US hydrogen bomb tests in 1954, and was particularly devastated by fallout from the Castle Bravo test.
The highest point on the island is the 212-metre Veten.
The western side is part of the municipality of Binangonan, while the eastern section is part of Cardona.
The Knights Hospitaller apparently discovered what is popularly known as the Malta Fungus, growing on the rock's flat top.
Its highest point is 474 metres above sea level or 45 metres above lake level.
It is approximately 103 m above sea level.
The Endresen Islands are a group of small islands, the highest rising to 60 metres, lying just north of the Hobbs Islands.
It is also home to slowworms with larger than usual blue markings.
The largest population centers on the island are Aukrasanden and Varhaugvika on the southeastern side, and Røssøyvågen is located on the west side.
with a total land area of 12,011 km2 and with a total population of 4,477,247.
Carenero Island is a long and forested island located just a few hundred meters east of Isla Colón, in the Bocas del Toro Archipelago, Panama.
The Fjøløy Lighthouse is located on the western end of the island.
It was mapped by Norwegian cartographers from air photos taken by the Lars Christensen Expedition, 1936–37, and named Kollskjer.
CBS purchased the island as the site for a new broadcast antenna tower for WCBS-AM.
About 500 meters away lies a coral reef called the Petite Caye.
The earliest known inhabitants of the island were the Jola, the ethnic group which is still the most populous on the island.
There were objections to this plan, mainly by environmental groups, as the island is a resting point for many species of migratory birds.
Calagnaan is an island in northeastern Iloilo, Philippines.
Most of the resorts are closed during the annual 3-month monsoon period, save for those facing the mainland.
The 5.8-square-kilometre flat island lies about 5 kilometres west of the island of Dønna and about 10 kilometres south of the Åsvær islands.
Numerous dialects of Sinama are spoken throughout the archipelago, from the Tawi-Tawi Island group, to the Mapun island group, to the coast of Mindanao and beyond.
On the northeast end of the island, a small bay is lined with limestone bedrock, offering good holding ground as a place to anchor during storms.
Idjwi lies within the Sud-Kivu province of the DRC.
About one hundred people live on the island.
The island is in a remote area, only accessible by boat or plane.
Both islands are separated from Austre Bokn by very small channels that are only about 250 to 350 metres wide.
The island lies about 150 metres off the coast.
With an area of approximately 58 square miles, it is the eighth-largest island of New Zealand, and has around 52 permanent residents.
As an oceanic island, this island has never been connected with any other islands or the mainland.
Its main village is Pierowall, with a heritage centre, the 15th-century Lady Kirk church and ferries to Papa Westray.
It has an area of 381 km2.
The remaining islands in the group are also named after lost members of Flinders' expedition: Little Island, Lewis Island, Smith Island, Hopkins Island and Grindal Island.
The rock is named after the settlement of Galiche in Northwestern Bulgaria.
It ranges from 40 km at its narrowest to 320 km at its widest point and has approximately 3,000 km of coastline and approximately 65 islands.
The 75.5-square-kilometre island sits at the entrance to Romsdalsfjord.
Most of the population lives along the northern and eastern coastlines of the island.
Alameda Island is an island in the San Francisco Bay in California.
Culturally a part of Tokelau, it is administered by the United States as part of American Samoa.
The United States Census Bureau reports that the island has 31.62 square miles of land area.
Sejerø is a Danish island in the Kattegat sea, north-west of Zealand.
At its closest point to mainland Ontario, the island is located about 16 kilometres from land.
The island is 43 kilometres long northwest-southeast, and 18 kilometres wide, with an area of 444 square kilometres.
The islands' proximity to several major cities has made them a favourite tourist location.
Both islands are roughly 5 km long with a maximum width of about 1.5 km.
The name "Kaname-jima" was given by JARE Headquarters in 1972.
The islet is a Hawaiʻi State Seabird Sanctuary.
In 1000 AD the Venetians attacked and destroyed the settlement due to the island's participation in piracy along the Adriatic coast.
Snake Island or Cervera Shoal is a sunken plateau about 18 metres deep, on the south of Pamilacan.
It is connected to the mainland by a 1,042-meter-long bridge, which was the longest bridge in Sweden when it was opened in 1964.
Blumine Island, or Oruawairua in the Māori language, is in the Marlborough Sounds in the South Island of New Zealand.
Inchfad is 1.35 km long and forty hectares in area.
Much of the archipelago is within the borders of Daisen-Oki National Park.
It is in the council area of Argyll and Bute.
Barbière Island is a small island, the southeasternmost of the islands lying off the south end of Petermann Island, in the Wilhelm Archipelago.
In particular, Costa Cruises has a private beach on the island.
At such times South Ascrib is about 25 hectares in size.
In Welsh the island is named after Saint David, the patron saint of Wales.
The island is named for the British naval hero, Horatio Nelson, 1st Viscount Nelson.
Local and alternative names of the island include Dolok, Kimaam and Kolepom.
The area was visited by early 19th century sealers.
They were named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee for Mikhail Ivanovich Glinka, the Russian composer.
The island contains a lighthouse and a small airstrip.
Lurøy Church is located on the southwest side of the island.
As of the 2010 census, Little Diomede had a population of 110, down from its recorded peak of 178 in 1990.
It is 0.166 km2 in area and has a coastline of 1.425 km.
Dru Rock is a rocky island 0.28 kilometres long between Retour Island and Claquebue Island in the Curzon Islands.
It is no longer used for grazing sheep.
It is famed for its rich and colourful history which has attracted much tourism.
It excludes the Po Valley and the southern slopes of the Alps.
It is in the Sanma Province of Vanuatu.
The name, meaning "tossed by the wind" in Māori, is often popularly shortened to Tiritiri.
The village of Kariatebike serves as the government center for the atoll which includes an administration building, the police station and a hospital.
Eynhallow is a small, presently uninhabited island, part of Orkney, off the north coast of mainland Scotland.
Situated at 17.70° South and 178.8° East,, the island is about 13 kilometers long and 10 kilometers wide.
They are named after James H Dellbridge who was Second Engineer on the Discovery Expedition 1900 - 1904, led by Robert Falcon Scott.
Inchfad is an island in the south east of Loch Lomond in Scotland.
Culbertson Island is 3 mi long, and 2 mi wide.
The island is uninhabited but it is frequently visited by local fishermen for fishing adventures.
From that time, the Straits Settlements administered the island; Singapore then assumed responsibility in 1946 after the dissolution of the Straits Settlements.
Sugar Loaf Island is a small, uninhabited island in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland.
The islands were discovered by John Balleny in 1839.
On November 1, 1954, the island became part of the city of Toba.
Gurskøya or Gurskøy is an island in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
This island is the second most populous of the Scottish islands, and had 18,765 residents in 2011 compared to 17,550 in 2001.
Anarusuk Island is an uninhabited island in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland.
In the west the island has a spit Bili Kuchuhury which stretching east through the Gulf of Tendra as a shoal reaches the Yahorlyk Kut peninsula.
It is located in Baffin Island's Cumberland Sound.
In ancient times the island was subdued by the tyrant Polycrates of Samos and dedicated to the Delian Apollo.
Shaili Chopra, the Senior Editor and Lead Female Anchor at ET Now, the Economic Times Business News Channel
In Nyberg, next to Brekkestø, are ruins from the World War II.
Mindanao is considered the food basket of the Philippines.
They are administratively part of the Parish of Grouville.
Numerous sloughs mark the southern end of the island.
The provincial capital, Tigoa, is at the western end of the island.
The first recorded landing was made by the Norwegian whaler and explorer Carl Anton Larsen in 1908.
Wildlife is abundant: cetaceans are regularly seen in the surrounding waters and over 500 species of plant have been recorded.
The only human settlement on Niau is Tupana, population 226.
Lānai is a roughly comma-shaped island with a width of 18 miles in the longest direction.
It was plotted from air photos taken from Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions aircraft in 1956.
The main industries are tourism, agriculture, fishing and forestry.
Skålvær are a group of islands in the municipality of Alstahaug in Nordland county, Norway.
The University of Tromsø, University Hospital of North Norway and Tromsø Museum are all located on the eastern part of the island.
Since 2004, the island has been part of the Memory Cove Wilderness Protection Area.
They are located in Hudson Bay's Wager Bay, and are a part of Ukkusiksalik National Park.
The 23-hectare reserve is situated near Grafton.
The Busan-Geoje Fixed Link was open in December 2010 and provides a more direct connection to the city of Busan.
Staffin Island is an islet off the east coast of the Trotternish peninsula of Skye in Scotland.
Gjerøy or Gjerdøya is an island in the municipality of Rødøy in Nordland county, Norway.
It is at the entrance of Loch na Keal, to the south of Ulva.
The park features a scenic landscape with twin towering peaks set amidst closed canopy forests.
The institution was privatized under the endowments of Paul Tulane and Josephine Louise Newcomb in 1884.
Akulagok Island, Kekerten Island, Kekertukdjuak Island, Tesseralik Island, Tuapait Island, and Wareham Island are in the vicinity.
Since then, it has been declared by the Philippine Tourism Authority as one of the country's marine reserves.
There is one school, Lanai High and Elementary School, serving the entire island from kindergarten through 12th grade.
It lies 37 km east of Hoseason Island in the northern part of the Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica.
The 5.2-square-kilometre island lies in the Romsdalsfjorden at the entrance to the Fannefjorden.
It was intensively studied by volcanologists during its eruption, and afterwards by botanists and other biologists as life forms gradually colonised the originally barren island.
A shallow bay named Black Duck Cove can be found on the north coast of the island.
Føyno had a central place in the district of Sunnhordland during the Middle Ages, and gave its name to the skipreide of Føyen.
The islet is a popular diving location.
It has an area of 458 km2.
Nothing remains of the original chapel, although Thomas West noted that these ruins were still extant in 1774.
The town of Ensay in Victoria, Australia was named after this island by one of the early settlers, a Scotsman named Archibald Macleod.
It was originally named Lipson Island but was renamed in 1839 by W.J.S.
They are the location of an enduring mystery that occurred in December 1900, when all three lighthouse keepers vanished without trace.
It lies southeast of Mackinac Island and almost due north of the city of Cheboygan.
Murter is an island in the Croatian part of the Adriatic Sea.
It contains the communities of North Topsail Beach, Surf City and Topsail Beach.
On the southern tip of Nii-jima, there was formerly a launch site for experimental and sounding rockets.
Landslip Island is an island of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the territory of Nunavut.
The island comprises four counties in the U.S. state of New York: Kings and Queens to the west; and Nassau and Suffolk to the east.
It falls within the boundaries of Thunder Bay District.
One spring is located on the north side of the eastern drumlin and is located underneath a large boulder that faces Peddock's Island.
Bjorøy is connected to the mainland by the Bjorøy Tunnel.
The island is an important nesting ground for the blue footed booby, and home to the endemic Hatutu Marquesan warbler.
Belitung is an island on the east coast of Sumatra, Indonesia in the Java Sea.
Its name Bun Sha Pai is derived from it being in the shape of a butterfly, which was known as "Bun Sha" in Chinese historically.
There were two whaling stations located in Mafjorden that operated until the early 20th century.
The Frankland Islands are teeming with permanent & migratory marine life, especially the Green Sea Turtle which nests on the island.
The island's main access point from the mainland is the Interstate Highway 45 causeway that crosses West Bay on the northeast side of the island.
Isola dei Pescatori is an island in Lake Maggiore in northern Italy.
Fishing is the main source of income for the island's residents.
The island currently houses over 100 cottages owned by both American and Canadian citizens.
It is south of Rødøya, north of Rangsundøya, and west of Renga.
Isla de Ratones is a small uninhabited island off the southern coast of Puerto Rico, off the coast of Ponce.
Tiree is a popular windsurfing venue and is a proposed location for an offshore wind farm.
It enjoys the reputation of being an exclusive summer resort for affluent citizens of the city of Thunder Bay, Ontario.
Princess Royal Island is an uninhabited island within the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the territory of Nunavut.
Madeira is a Portuguese archipelago situated in the north Atlantic Ocean, southwest of Portugal.
This expedition made it clear to the Spanish that the Russians didn't have a large presence in the Pacific Northwest.
Gull Island also has beaches and sand dunes on its north and east sides.
Channel Rock was charted and descripticely named by the Discovery Investigations in 1935.
The border was established in 1809 between two islands, a larger Swedish one called Kataja and a smaller Finnish one called Inakari.
The Yakan language is spoken mainly in Basilan Island.
A number of attempts were made on the island towards agricultural development, but none succeeded.
The island is located within the traditional and ceremonial county of Hampshire and contains the vast majority of the city of Portsmouth.
Motutapu Island is a 1,509 ha island in the Hauraki Gulf to the northeast of the city of Auckland, New Zealand.
Leksa refers to the two islands in the Trondheimsleia.
The island is rich in bird life, and contains a disused quarry.
The island is uninhabited and is part of the Mexicali Municipality.
A small canal divides the island into two separate parts.
Since 2004, the island has been part of the Memory Cove Wilderness Protection Area.
The Ladrillero Channel runs at the East side.
The island is trapped between an old meander of the Wabash, which forms the state boundary between Indiana and Illinois and the main river channel.
From Wikimedia Commons, the free media repository Baltra Island, or Isla Baltra, is a small island of the Galápagos Islands.
To the southwest it is separated from the barrier island Dewees Island by Capers Inlet.
There is a regular ferry stop at Værlandet, connecting all of these islands to the mainland village of Askvoll.
It is 1.2 miles east of U.S.-owned Belle Isle, and 360 yards from the Windsor shore.
The island is about 1,000 × 700 metres across and has an area of about 64 ha.
There are also regular ferry connections from Skipavik on the eastern shore of the island to Nesvik and Hjelmelandsvågen on the mainland.
The island has been referred to by numerous names including Quehemesicos, Long, Anthony's, Isle of Cohoes, and Cohoes Island.
20% of the island has had its natural habitat preserved.
Uløya is the 56th largest island in Norway.
The island was visited in 1875 by a Swedish expedition led by Adolf Erik Nordenskiöld and sponsored by the businessman Oscar Dickson.
Middle Rocks, under the sovereignty of Malaysia, consists of two clusters of small rocks about 250 metres apart situated 0.6 nautical miles south of Pedra Branca.
It was named by the US-ACAN for George R. Hemphill, meteorologist and member of the Wilkes Station party of 1961.
It is located at the mouth of Pangnirtung Fiord, in the Cumberland Sound, off Baffin Island's Cumberland Peninsula.
The island is dominated by the Steigenberger hotel, which is housed in the former Dominican convent.
Haggerstone Island is a privately owned resort island, 10 km southeast of Cape Grenville in the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park of Far North Queensland, Australia.
It constitutes Tien Hai Commune of Hà Tiên, Kiên Giang Province, Vietnam.
It is situated in the western group of the Buccaneer Archipelago, of which it is the largest island.
It lies between Port Augusta and Point Lowly and is adjacent to the Playford B Power Station.
Santa Catarina Island is an island in the Brazilian state of Santa Catarina, located off the southern coast.
The Arctic willow is the only woody species to grow on Ellesmere Island.
Saint Kitts has a population of around 40,000, the majority of whom are mainly of African descent.
When the national park was established, Gänsewerder was a coastal nesting area for birds, but is no longer.
There are some 300 people living on the island all year round.
Innisfallen or Inishfallen is an island in Lough Leane; one of the three Lakes of Killarney in County Kerry, Ireland.
Papa is an uninhabited island in the Scalloway Islands, Shetland, Scotland.
The 15.3-square-kilometre island lies at the mouth of the Sognefjorden, on the north side of the Sognesjøen.
The Piteå archipelago is a group of Swedish islands in the north part of the Bay of Bothnia.
It has no visitor facilities and a permit is required to visit.
Settled on 80 acres of land, it has a population of more than 15,000.
The Torres Islander people of the island are of Melanesian origin and hold close kinship ties with the Islander people of Darnley Island and Murray Island.
The island is owned by Spanish entrepreneur Mariano Montero, and has a small tourist facility within which politicians and celebrities frequently visit.
Katiu Atoll is roughly oval in shape.
Under water there is a popular diving site.
Cuttyhunk Island  is the outermost of the Elizabeth Islands in Massachusetts.
Taravai is the second largest island in the Gambier Islands of French Polynesia, at 5.7 km².
Hateruma is one of the Yaeyama Islands, and is located 24 kilometres south of Iriomote-jima, the largest of the island group.
It has an area of 62.5 square kilometers, making it the ninth largest island of Fiji.
Its landscapes have been celebrated through various art forms and there is a growing interest in renewable energy.
The island has a maximum length of 115 metres and a maximum width of 40 metres.
The island is a part of the Dependencias Federales of Venezuela.
They finally acquired it in 1632 and embellished it with a palazzo and gardens.
Robertson Land, with the Canopus Rocks lying about 1 nautical mile northwest of the islands.
In 1932 the head of the Australian Institute of Tropical Medicine, Dr Raphael Cilento, described his vision for Fantome:
Its lagoon is wide and deep with one navigable passage.
The island is west of Howick Island.
In 2006, a mapping expedition to the Ross Sea found the islands 2.3 kilometres north of their previously determined position.
There are regular ferry connections from Bolga to the islands of Meløya to the east and to Vassdalsvik and Ørnes on the mainland.
The island lies within the Canberra ceremonial precinct, called the Parliamentary Triangle.
Most of its inhabitants live along the coast, and there is some cultivation on the larger islands.
It lies in the Franklin Strait, south of Hobday Island and the much larger Prince of Wales Island.
The central parts of the park are Veliko jezero with the Isle of St. Mary, Malo jezero and the villages of Goveđari, Polače and Pomena.
Bucas Grande is an island in the province of Surigao del Norte in the Philippines.
Sebuku is home to a large coal mine operated by Straits Asia Resources, which produces 3 million tonnes of coal every year.
It is located at the westernmost end of the Lesser Sunda Islands, between Java to the west and Lombok to the east.
There are five district capitals on the island being Bulagi, Tataba, Liang, Salakan and Sambiut.
It is too low to support any permanent vegetation.
The censuses of 1891 and 1931 recorded two inhabitants.
The journey by boat to Tinggi Island takes approximately 45 minutes.
Lamprinos is an island of the Echinades, among the Ionian Islands group of Greece.
Isla San Luis, is an island in the Gulf of California east of the Baja California Peninsula.
Richel, or rather De Richel, is a permanently dry sandbank in the Wadden Sea, in the gap between the Dutch islands of Vlieland and Terschelling.
Prvić is a small island in the Croatian part of the Adriatic Sea.
In addition to Tubuai, the group of islands include Rimatara, Rurutu, Raivavae and the uninhabited Îles Maria.
The 10-kilometre long Skogsfjordvatnet is the largest lake on an island in Norway.
It belongs to the commune of Terre-de-Bas into the French department of Guadeloupe.
The island extends 550 by 320 m with a surface area of 18 hectares.
Cooties Reef is a narrow islet, with an area of 0.15 ha, in south-eastern Australia.
Potmess Rocks is a group of large rocks lying northwest of Robert Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.
There is also another island once known as Hull Island in the Phoenix Islands, which is now known as Orona.
The gulf of Loutro was once used for shipbuilding and by merchant ships.
Like the nearby rocky islets of Chicken Rock and Kitterland, it is part of the parish of Rushen.
The cat population is now larger than the human population on the island.
As of the 2010 United States Census, St. Croix's population was 50,601, its highest point is Mount Eagle, at 355 metres.
Hafslundsøy is a small island located in the middle of the river Glomma just outside Sarpsborg in Østfold, Norway.
The 2010 census reported a year-round population of 16,535 residents, although the summer population can swell to more than 100,000 people.
Other islands in the immediate vicinity include Dolphin Island, Holdridge Island, King Island, Leading Island, and Niels Island.
It is just east of the larger Culbertson Island.
The nearest land is Raraka Atoll, located 17 km to the Southeast.
Malaga Island is a 41-acre island at the mouth of the New Meadows River in Casco Bay, Maine.
Staffa from the Old Norse for stave or pillar island, is an island of the Inner Hebrides in Argyll and Bute, Scotland.
The name also applies to the adjacent bay between Tiburón Island and Punta San Nicolás, Sonora.
Its highest peak is 123 m above sea level and its coastline is 7.8 km long.
The only settlement in the archipelago is Melinka in the Ascención Island.
Mokopuna Island is a small island in Wellington Harbour, New Zealand.
Ekalulia Island is an uninhabited island within the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the Kitikmeot Region, Nunavut.
The island was formerly known as Yingyou hill.
They are a Baffin Island offshore island group in Hudson Strait.
Coon Bone Island lies within the Monongahela National Forest.
San Lazzaro degli Armeni is a small island in the Venetian Lagoon.
The highest mountain on Osterøy is the 868-metre tall Høgafjellet.
It has a permanent population of only three residents, following the death of the fourth resident in 2017.
They comprise Melville Island, Bathurst Island, and nine smaller uninhabited islands, with a combined area of 8,320 square kilometres.
The nearest island is Great Palm Island, after which the group is named.
Jost Van Dyke lies about 8 km to the northwest of Tortola and 8 km to the north of Saint John.
Apart from personnel at the bases, there are no permanent inhabitants on the islands.
The 2000 census, however, reported a resident population of 71 persons.
Les Roches Percées is an uninhabited island in the archipelago of Îles des Saintes including the commune of Terre-de-Haut.
The narrow passage between Quadra Island and Antonio Point, the southern tip of Maurelle Island, is known as Surge Narrows.
St. Martin Island is located off the Garden Peninsula in Delta County in the U.S. state of Michigan.
Administratively, it is incorporated as Novaya Zemlya District, one of the twenty-one in Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russia.
The mountain ranges across the island are also famous for hiking.
Like the neighbouring island of Fur, it is known for its deposits of diatomite, locally known as 'moler'.
Hirta is the largest island in the St Kilda archipelago, on the western edge of Scotland.
The island is part of Cebu Province and it is divided into Lapu-Lapu City and the municipality of Cordova.
They have also been known as Neeslys Islands.
Putnam Island is a smaller island, less than a kilometer away, off the east coast of Mill Island.
Its largest settlement is Cruz Bay with a population of 2,700.
The Arabat Spit is located to the northeast, a narrow strip of land that separates a system of lagoons named Sivash from the Sea of Azov.
Vancouver Island has a population of 759,366 according to the Canada 2011 Census.
A lake island is any landmass within a lake.
Cormorant Island, an Important Bird Area, lies 1 km off the south coast.
It is also the closest neighbour to the Faroe Islands.
Round Island, is a private island, located within Buckeye Lake, in Fairfield County, Ohio.
A growing number of private boats also visit through mooring at the Ford Cove Marina or anchoring at Tribune Bay.
Wuzhizhou Island is located off the coast of Hainan Province, China.
The island's capital is Bowmore where the distinctive round Kilarrow Parish Church and a distillery are located.
La Pointe des Châteaux is a peninsula that extends into the Atlantic Ocean from the Eastern coast of the island of Grande-Terre, in Guadeloupe.
The smallest and southernmost of the major islands is Hornos Island, the location of Cape Horn.
However, most of the lower altitude forest has been logged or is secondary.
Along with the island nation of Nevis, Saint Kitts was a member of the British West Indies until gaining independence on September 19, 1983.
The 1871 Census shows that only the sons were resident and they were no longer fishermen, now occupied as quarrymen.
They are located north of Kvenvær on the island of Hitra, and northwest of the island of Helgbustadøya.
It lies to the east of the larger island of Alnön, which is connected to the mainland by a bridge.
Fletcher Island was discovered by the Australian Antarctic Expedition under Douglas Mawson, who named it for Frank D. Fletcher, First Officer on the expedition ship Aurora.
The island is mentioned in the journal of Meriwether Lewis, from the Lewis and Clark Expedition.
It is located where the mouth of the River Rouge spills into the Detroit River.
Rapa, sometimes called Rapa Iti, a name for Easter Island), is the largest and only inhabited island of the Bass Islands in French Polynesia.
The island is separated from the city center by a six metre wide channel, and connected to it by a bridge.
Other islands also in the immediate vicinity of the tip of Hall Peninsula include the Harper Islands, Bear Island, Little Hall Island, and Hudson Island.
Storekalsøy or Stora Kalsøy is an island in Austevoll municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.
It has a long island on its northeastern reef, shaped somewhat like a fish hook, as well as a number of small islands.
The island is named after the ancient Roman town of Oescus in Northern Bulgaria.
Maglizh Rocks are a group of rocks off the northwest coast of Smith Island, South Shetland Islands.
As of 2006, the population was about 1,000.
The oldest chapel is rectangular and may date from the 11th or 12th centuries.
It lies in a small cove 1 km north of Vega Island, east of the Trinity Peninsula.
The southern part, which is used for forestry, has been proposed as the site for a wind farm.
It is located north of the island of Drøna and west of the island of Huftarøy.
It is a locality in the Cairns Region.
The island is sometimes called Canada's Ellis Island, an association it shares with Pier 21 immigration facility in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
The island is part of the municipality of Notre-Dame-des-Neiges.
The island is located less than 1 kilometre west of the main island of Husøya.
This refers to a person who stands against all adversity, just as a rock resists the power of the sea.
The island forms part of the Ross Dependency, claimed by New Zealand.
Halsnøya or Halsnøy is an island in Kvinnherad municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.
Along with Gough Island, Inaccessible Island is a protected wildlife reserve and both make up the UNESCO World Heritage Site of Gough and Inaccessible Islands.
The Bourke Isles are located within the Torres Strait Island Region local government area.
St. Lawrence Island is located west of mainland Alaska in the Bering Sea, just south of the Bering Strait.
The island was given its name in August 1969 in order to preserve a name used within the locality by the Baudin expedition.
The 166-square-kilometre island has a population of 11,687.
Eilean an Ròin Mòr is an uninhabited island in north west Sutherland.
It is located in Fairbanks Township, in Delta County, Michigan.
Gavdopoula is an islet located north-west of its larger neighbour, Gavdos, in the Libyan Sea.
The president of the Russian Federation has a dacha on one of the islands of Valaam, but its precise location is not publicly known.
This island belongs to the Republic of Dagestan, a federal subject of the Russian Federation.
Otrick Island is a member of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the territory of Nunavut.
Xieyang Island is a Chinese island in the Gulf of Tonkin, located 9 nautical miles southeast of Weizhou Island.
Administratively this group comes within the Sitia municipality in Lasithi.
Hatsushima is an island in Sagami Bay, Japan.
Matthew Flinders visited in January 1802 and climbed the 185 metres peak to survey the surrounding islands.
Surrounding islets include Ilhéu Luíz Carneiro, Ilhéu Sapado and Ilhéu do Rei.
Tongo Island is an island in the Ionian Sea in southern Albania.
Manihi, or Paeua, is a coral atoll in the Tuamotu Archipelago, part of French Polynesia.
There are no deep, navigable passes to reach the lagoon.
The Brissago Islands are a group of two islands located in the Swiss part of Lake Maggiore close to Ronco sopra Ascona and Brissago.
The island was the original location of what is now the town of Vadsø.
Island of Ponds is an island off of the east coast of Labrador.
The people who remain live primarily on fish and copra production.
Ireland's Eye is a small uninhabited island off the coast of County Dublin, Ireland, situated directly north of Howth Harbour.
Beauty Cat Strait separates West Thurlow Island from Vancouver Island.
After the ninth grade, students must either switch to homeschooling or transfer to a school off the island.
There are shallow remains of the lagoon filled with marshy vegetation.
The only regular ferry service is via the small island of Edøya to the south of Smøla which one can drive to from Smøla.
Its highest point was 15 m above sea level until the construction of the Illa de l'Aire lighthouse.
With an area of only 3 km2 it is one of the smaller islands of the group.
It is off the west coast of Lewis in West Loch Roag.
Cycling is the most favourable means of transport on most of the islands.
Gimsøya is an island in Vågan municipality in Nordland county, Norway.
The 3-square-kilometre island lies south of the Boknafjorden, just off the coast of the Stavanger peninsula, along the Byfjorden.
Nowadays, the entire island and the nearby area form a national open-air museum with more than 80 historical wooden structures.
King Island is one of the many uninhabited Canadian arctic islands in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut.
The club has 10 luxury bungalows with a staff of 300.
Other islands in the immediate vicinity include Erhardt Island, King Island, Lawson Island, MacColl Island, and Observation Island.
The nearby Monchique Islet is the westernmost point of Portugal.
Baseline Rock is an isolated rock lying between Nøst Island and the Flat Islands in Holme Bay, Mac.
The island is famous for its dense roe deer population, and a popular hunting area for hunters from Scandinavia and Germany.
Southampton Island is a large island at the entrance to Hudson Bay at Foxe Basin.
They inhabited and used Woody Island for thousands of years.
Dōgo is one of the Oki Islands in the Sea of Japan.
There is a diversity of wildlife, including three species of tree endemic to the area.
Other islands in the immediate vicinity include Erhardt Island, Holdridge Island, King Island, Leading Island, and Observation Island.
Dominica is the largest and most northerly of the Windward Islands.
The rest of the island is a part of the Alacalufes National Reserve, equalling that Desolación Island and the Córdova Peninsula.
Tubuai or Tupua'i is the main island of the Tubuai Island group, located at 23°23′00″S 149°27′00″W, 640 km south of Tahiti.
Geographically Vairaatea Atoll is part of the East-central subgroup of the Tuamotus, which includes Ahunui, Amanu, Fangatau, Hao and Nukutavake.
It is located in the Aegean Sea, at the entrance of Saros Bay and is also the westernmost point of Turkey.
Calbha Mor is a tidal islet in Eddrachillis Bay, Sutherland, Scotland.
The islands are part of the Qikiqtaaluk Region, in the Canadian territory of Nunavut.
Their name derives from the Borromeo family, which started acquiring them in the early 16th century and still owns the majority of them today.
First plotted by ANARE from air photos taken in 1956, but incorrectly shown as a promontory.
The Venice People Mover connects Tronchetto with Piazzale Roma, the main Venice bus station, which lies at the edge of the city center.
Biliran is an island province in the Philippines located in the Eastern Visayas region.
The Isle of Gigha is a small island off the west coast of Kintyre in Scotland.
The border runs along the 110th meridian west.
Falster is an island in south-eastern Denmark with an area of 486.2 km2 and 43,398 inhabitants as of 1 January 2010.
It is part of the Loch na Keal National Scenic Area, one of 40 in Scotland.
Orr Island is an ice-covered island 9.3 kilometres long, lying 5.6 kilometres southwest of Grinder Island in Marshall Archipelago, off the coast of Marie Byrd Land.
It is a Baffin Island offshore island located in Frobisher Bay, approximately 14 km southwest of the capital city of Iqaluit.
It is around 42 hectares or 0.42 square km in size.
They were mapped by Norwegian cartographers from aerial photos taken by the Lars Christensen Expedition, 1936–37, and named Brødrene.
To the northwest lie the island of Pantelleria and the Strait of Sicily.
There are four relatively large islands on its reef, as well as a few small motu.
It is a Baffin Island offshore island in Hudson Strait.
Maurelle Island is an island in British Columbia, Canada.
The international airport, Palma de Mallorca Airport, is one of the busiest in Spain; it was used by 23.1 million passengers in 2014.
The island is about 800 metres long and 300 metres at its widest, giving an area of approximately 16 hectares.
Montecristo, formerly Oglasa, is an island in the Tyrrhenian Sea and part of the Tuscan Archipelago.
The very small Yakimoan Island lies just west of Pana Wina.
The island, under the name of "Borva", was the setting for A Princess of Thule by the Scottish novelist William Black.
Drvenik Mali is an island in Croatian part of Adriatic Sea.
Queen Adelaide Archipelago is an island group in Zona Austral, the extreme south of Chile.
It lies at the northern end of the Gulf of Naples, about 30 kilometres from the city of Naples.
The islands on its reef are covered with screw pine and coconut trees.
The US 2d Marines was based on Koro in June and July 1942 as a defense force before deploying to Guadalcanal.
The island has a tiny forest with junipers, oaks, and pines.
The island is uninhabited and can only be accessed from the water.
Black-legged kittiwakes, razorbills, common shags, herring gulls, and black guillemots also nest there.
Augustus Island, locally called Wurroolgu, is an island off the Kimberley coast of Western Australia, within the Shire of Wyndham-East Kimberley.
The uninhabited Arvalik Islands are part of the Qikiqtaaluk Region, in the Canadian territory of Nunavut.
The wreck of the RMS Quetta, a passenger ship that sank in 1890, lies just off Albany Island.
Granite Island is a 2.5-acre island in Lake Superior located about 12 miles northwest of Marquette in the Upper Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan.
The reefs and the rocky coast provide good fishing and snorkelling opportunities.
The island was first surveyed in 1819 and was incorporated into Monguagon Township in 1829.
Dovhyi Island is a small sandy island in Ochakiv Raion, Mykolaiv Oblast in Ukraine.
The island is connected to the mainland via Norwegian National Road 94 which crosses the Kvalsund Bridge in the southern part of the island.
The Galápagos Islands and their surrounding waters form the Galápagos Province of Ecuador, the Galápagos National Park, and the Galápagos Marine Reserve.
They are within the Portuguese Autonomous Region of Madeira, and part of the larger Madeira Archipelago.
The island lies about 20 kilometers north of Case Island and the island connects to the Stange Ice Shelf.
Since 1971, the islands have no full-time residents, and are now used only as summer homes.
The North and Central parts of the island are farms, with dense forest in the South and Southwest.
King Island is part of the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park at the tip of Cape Melville, Queensland in Bathurst Bay.
After its closure the monastery grounds and buildings were appropriated in 1869, at the foundation of an agricultural penal colony, which is currently in use.
Geographically Takapoto is part of the King George Islands subgroup, which includes: Ahe, Manihi, Takapoto, Takaroa and Tikei.
In this vein Leto, searching for a birthing-place for Artemis and Apollo, addressed the island:
It is the northernmost part of the town of Washington.
The population of the whole island chain is nearly 500, most of whom live on Haʻafeva.
Saparua was the location of Indonesian national hero, Pattimura's rebellion against Dutch forces in 1817.
It is also the most densely inhabited island and has the lowest elevation.
They gave the island to Auckland in February 2010 and it was opened on 26 February 2011.
Named by Antarctic Names Committee of Australia for Captain H.C. Petersen, master of the Thala Dan, 1959–61, and formerly master of the Kista Dan.
Ecologically, the Auckland Islands form part of the Antipodes Subantarctic Islands tundra ecoregion.
Takhoalok Island is an island located within Coronation Gulf, south of Victoria Island, in the Kitikmeot Region, Nunavut, Canada.
It was part of a network of fortifications protecting the narrow entrance to Port Phillip.
The islands are blanketed by important colonies of seabirds and other endemic species.
Sicily is farther at 205 kilometres, whilst the island nation of Malta is 176 kilometres to the east.
It was created in the late 1800s or early 1900s by the local politician and publicist Ture Malmgren, close to his residence Villa Elfkullen.
Andøya is also well known for its cloudberries.
Benten-jima is 0.005 square kilometres in area, its perimeter is roughly 0.5 kilometres, and its highest point is 20 metres above sea level.
Daru Island is an island in the Western Province of Papua New Guinea.
In 2011, the population of Ireland was about 6.4 million, ranking it the second-most populous island in Europe after Great Britain.
The airport and the Westman Islands Golf Club cover a large part of the island.
Three major bays or harbours, Tsing Yi Lagoon, Mun Tsai Tong and Tsing Yi Bay in the northeast, have been completely reclaimed for new towns.
Litlekalsøy is an island in Austevoll municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.
Closer inshore are Seal Island and Haystack Island, which together with Althorpe Island and The Boobs constitute the Althorpe Islands Conservation Park.
Virgin Gorda is the third-largest and second most populous of the British Virgin Islands.
The present settlement was founded in 1622 by the Spanish and is the oldest settlement in the province.
Split Island is an uninhabited island in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada.
A two-year, $53 million decommissioning and reclamation program was completed in September 2004.
Guguan is located 30 nautical miles south from Alamagan and 250 nautical miles north from Saipan, and is 67 nautical miles northeast from Sarigan.
It remained a colony until 1976 when Seychelles became an independent nation.
Numerical simulations by the University of Kiel have shown the likelihood of a merger between Japsand and Norderoogsand until 2050.
Miangas or Palmas is North Sulawesi's northernmost island, and one of 92 officially listed outlying islands of Indonesia.
Before the colonization of the Philippines, Tablas was known as the Island of Osigan.
Tekokota is one of the Central Tuamotu atolls, located close to the geographic center of the archipelago.
The island's beaches consist of both white and black sands, as well as beaches of golden sand.
It was previously called Charles Island, and Santa Maria after one of the caravels of Columbus.
Pitt Island has an area of 65 square kilometres.
The Royal Norwegian Air Force has a firing range on the western islands.
Bioko is an island 32 km off the west coast of Africa, and the northernmost part of Equatorial Guinea.
This is the largest island in Ålesund Municipality.
Settled in the 9th century, it was a leper colony during the Middle Ages, but fell into disuse by the early 18th century.
Psarocharako is a large rock off the southern coast of the Greek island of Crete in the Libyan Sea.
Its annual New Year celebrations feature the largest fireworks show in the world, as officially recognised by Guinness World Records in 2006.
The Wollaston Islands are uninhabited members of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the territory of Nunavut.
Bateman Island is an island located on the Columbia River between the cities of Richland and Kennewick, Washington, in the United States.
Ceallasaigh Mòr may also join mainland North Uist near Bràigh Cheallasaigh at some stages of the tide.
It is connected to the island of Hareidlandet to the east by a bridge.
Covey Rocks are a small group of rocks in Laubeuf Fjord, lying midway between Pinero Island and Cape Saenz, off the west coast of Graham Land.
The island's lush landscape has had a strong bearing not only on its economy but also its culture.
The highest point on the 20-square-kilometre island is the 372-metre mountain Vettafjellet.
Under the 1959 Antarctic Treaty, sovereignty claims are held in abeyance.
The southern island has a similar width and is about 1100 m long.
An inn was built in 1832 and used for holidays in the 19th century.
The Norwegian Sea borders to the northwest.
There is no pass connecting the lagoon with the ocean.
The island was named in recognition of the RCAF’s role in surveying the Canadian Arctic Archipelago.
The landscape during the walk changes between coastal heathland, mangrove forest, woodland and subtropical rainforest.
In the North-East, it is separated from the other half of Guadeloupe proper, Grande-Terre, by a narrow sea channel called the Rivière Salée.
Factory Island 1 - Indian reserve that makes up the northern two-thirds of the island, belonging to the Moose Cree First Nation.
The largest island is called Fraile Grande or Puerto Real and is 2,200 metres long and occupies 0.75 km2.
Thomson Point on King William Island lies 3.5 km away, across the Humboldt Channel.
Ellesmere Island is part of the Qikiqtaaluk Region in the Canadian territory of Nunavut.
It lies in the Baltic Sea between the islands of Rügen and Ummanz, and is less than 100 metres from the latter.
The course is from the slipway at Sandycove on the mainland, around Sandycove Island and back to the slipway.
Although clearly inside the protected area of Ream National Park, a number of development companies have obtained long lasting land-lease concessions since 2010.
Clipperton Island is an uninhabited 6 km2 coral atoll in the eastern Pacific Ocean off the coast of Central America.
It covers 1,112 acres, with 4 miles of coastline.
Though lying within the Arctic Circle, the archipelago experiences one of the world's largest elevated temperature anomalies relative to its high latitude.
The development is distinctive for inhabiting an artificial island in the Broadwater, connecting to the mainland by a 400 metre bridge.
A conservation covenant is in place on this island.
By the early 19th century, most of the islands were in use as fishing stations.
Apple Island is a 35-acre island that lies in the middle of Orchard Lake, in Orchard Lake Village, Michigan.
The island is contained within a conservation area and is part of the Chalky, Big Green and Badger Island Groups Important Bird Area.
The Jameson Islands are an island group located in the Coronation Gulf, south of Victoria Island, in the Kitikmeot Region, Nunavut, Canada.
Thổ Chu Islands is an archipelago in the Gulf of Thailand.
The vegetation of the island is characterized by brush, palo santo trees and stands of a large variety of the prickly pear cactus Opuntia echios.
It has a relatively flat interior surrounded by steep cliffs, and its highest point is 214 metres above sea level.
The group comprises the islands of Cricklewood, Taunton and Bath.
The Aquinas Retreat consisted of a chapel, small cabins for the retreatants, a central dining hall and religious shrines located along paths throughout the island.
Within Tioman Island there are four kampungs: Salang, Tekek, Juara and Air Batang.
It borders the Ashmore and Cartier Islands to the south.
Another, much smaller, Adams Island is located off the northeastern tip of Baffin Island.
The highest point is named la Pyramide Mexicaine, at 687 metres.
It is administratively part of the municipality of Skiathos.
Its main conservation value lies its seabird colonies.
Tanera Mòr has issued its own postage stamps and was the location of Frank Fraser Darling's book Island Years.
The closest town to Sørarnøy is Bodø, to the north, which can be reached by boat.
The only major geographical place is Applegate Cove on the Northern coast.
Maiana is an atoll in Kiribati and is one of the Central Gilbert Islands.
The island reaches 416 metres at its highest point, and the upper parts of the island are above the snow line.
Pua Island, highest point 403 m, is located close off Boano's northwestern tip.
Nearly all of the 200'+ megayachts of the world have anchored or tied up at the docks of the megayacht-equipped marinas in this harbor.
Ilhéu de Cima is an uninhabited island of Cape Verde.
Eil Malk is uninhabited, but there has been at least one village, perhaps three villages in the period between 1200 and 1450.
The Sør-Leksa port is for express catamaran boat between Trondheim and Kristiansund.
After the quarantine station closed the island was leased.
It lies between Whalsay, and Grif Skerry to the east.
It is one of several islands around the peninsula known as Graham Land, which is closer to South America than any other part of that continent.
The island is some 7 kilometres long and 650 metres wide.
These islands are connected together by short bridges and fillings, but the islands have no land connection with the mainland.
Rotten Island is a small island close to the entrance of Killybegs harbour, Donegal Bay, Ireland.
Halfway Island is about 100 kilometres west of Yule Entrance.
It is now part of the Shark Bay World Heritage Site.
Zoned as a Marine National Park, fishing is not permitted, although diving and photography are allowed.
Barbara Island is the largest and northernmost of the Debenham Islands, lying off the west coast of Graham Land.
They lie some 5 kilometres to the southwest of Colville, and are uninhabited.
Forestry and timber logging are the major economic activities.
Therasia is the second largest island of the group, the largest by far being Thera.
Between Corsica and Livorno, this diminutive island has been valued most for its wildlife, especially marine birds, and its isolation.
The island is home to the rare Kuchinoshima breed of Japanese native cattle.
Remains of an Iron Age settlement can also been seen on Pabbay.
Both islands have an elongated shape, stretching in a north east to south west direction.
The islands are named after the British survey ship HMS Gannet.
An island in this sense may also include much smaller and typically uninhabited islets, rocks, coral reefs, and atolls.
Other island groups in the vicinity include the Chapman Islands, Cheere Islands, Cockburn Islands, Piercey Islands, Porden Islands, Stockport Islands, Triple Islands, and Wilmot Islands.
The island is rocky, mountainous, and barren.
It is located in Baffin Bay's Isabella Bay by the Davis Strait.
Benjamin Island is 1.5 miles long and 0.5 miles wide.
The narrow Sound of Gighay lies between Hellisay and its neighbouring island.
It is separated from Uruguay by the Canal de Camacho.
It is centered on the largest island of the archipelago, Cuyo Island, with an area of 22 square miles and is about 9 miles long.
It was named for Dr. Johan Gunnar Andersson, a Swedish geologist who had served on the SwAE.
Frenchman Island is a 26-acre island located in Oneida Lake in Oswego County, New York, United States.
This ferry operates from two locations: the Summer Dock located in Marysville and the Winter Dock located at Dawson Point.
The island is connected to the mainland road network by two bridges.
Administratively it is part of the community of Koufonisia.
Despotikó is a small, uninhabited Greek island in the Cyclades.
Later in 1913 the complex was expanded to accommodate the lighthouse keeper's family.
Nananu-i-Cake is located immediately next to the island of Nananu-i-Ra.
The island is surrounded by fjords with mainland Norway on all sides of those fjords.
Its capital is Puerto Ayora, the most populated urban centre in the islands.
The schooner Annie Mclester was wrecked on Big Scare at an unknown date in the 19th century.
The vessel struck between nine and ten o'clock in the morning of 17th May.
The point is named after the famous Bulgarian architect, builder and sculptor Nikola Fichev – ‘Kolyu Ficheto’.
The population density is 933 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Its sheer cliffs are home to large numbers of birds, including one of the largest northern gannet colonies in the world, with around 16,000 pairs.
Argentina continues to claim sovereignty over South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands.
According to tradition the Maui god fished up both Tongatapu and Vavaʻu but put a little more effort into the former.
The Loyalty Islands are an archipelago in the Pacific.
The island is 52 acres and has more than three miles of shoreline.
Aliguay is an island in the Philippines, and a barangay of Dapitan City.
The closest community is the Inuit hamlet of Cape Dorset, 120 km to the northeast on Baffin Island.
Other names in NGA are Calcai, Guabtana, and Nevada.
Isla Mujeres is an island in the Caribbean Sea, about 13 kilometres off the Yucatán Peninsula coast.
Dundas Island is a member of the Queen Elizabeth Islands and the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the territory of Nunavut.
Administratively Ush Island belongs to the Sakhalin Oblast of the Russian Federation.
Grinnell Island is an island 1 kilometre long, lying south of Chappel Island in the Donovan Islands of Antarctica.
While searching for the Northwest Passage, a number of polar explorers visited, or spent their winters on, King William Island.
The Queensland Parks and Wildlife Service provides 8 walkers' camps for which a booking is essential.
The lighthouse was not destroyed but damaged.
The Sainte Anne Marine National Park lies offshore, as do Conception Island, Thérèse Island, Anonyme Island and several smaller islands.
Krk is the most populous island in the Adriatic sea, with multiple towns and villages that contain a total of 19,383 inhabitants.
The Illusive Islands are an uninhabited Canadian arctic islands group in Kivalliq Region, Nunavut.
Located some 6 km south-west of Næstved, it has an area of 5.6 km2, and, as of 1 January 2010, it has a population of 57.
The population consists of farmers, raising bananas across the island.
The 19th-century "clearances" led to significant depopulation and the end of the Gaelic language and way of life.
The Cabras Islet is a dual islet, along the southern coast of the island of Terceira in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores.
Risøy or Risøya is an island in Haugesund municipality in Rogaland county, Norway.
It is located at the confluence of Hudson Strait and the Labrador Sea.
The island lies off the west coast of Pitt Island, 45 kilometres south-east of the main settlement in the Chathams, Waitangi, on Chatham Island.
Yeina Island is an island of volcanic origin in the Southeast Louisiade Archipelago in Milne Bay Province, Papua New Guinea.
Akiaki is uninhabited, but is visited occasionally for its coconut plantations.
Woody Island is about 25 km northeast of Port Douglas in Trinity Bay, North Queensland.
In 2010 it had a population of 1,682.
Several small islets lie in the channel separating Cape Scoresby and Buckle Island, the largest of which is Borradaile Island.
The sparsely populated island is only accessible by boat.
The island forms part of the Arvia'juaq and Qikiqtaarjuk National Historic Site and a Paallirmiut Inuit summer camp site.
It is roughly 2,400 feet long, 700 feet wide and has an area of 16 acres.
Territorially, Southern Leyte includes the island of Panaon to its south.
The nearest island to the west is Pandora Reef.
A shoal off the island was the site of the loss of the schooner Chandler J.
It is part of Aleutian Islands Wilderness and as such, special permissions are required to visit it.
Giske Church, dating back to the year 1180, sits on the southern coast of the island.
The island was Christianised from the 5th century onward.
On the east side, there is a ferry connection to the island of Sula.
Harrop Island is a small island lying close to the coast and 6 kilometres northwest of Felton Head, Enderby Land, Antarctica.
It is separated from Pourquoi Pas Island by The Narrows and from the west coast of Graham Land by Jones Channel.
But the boat stopped in the middle of the Amu Darya river, near Termez.
The island is situated approximately 20 km north of Muttee Heads which is adjacent to Bamaga and south of Thursday Island.
It served as a waystation in the expansion of the predecessors of the Polynesians, the Lapita culture.
Wildlife flourishes on the island due to no human intervention.
Mount Baco is the island's second highest mountain with an elevation of 8,163 feet, located in the province of Occidental Mindoro.
Barratt, a weather observer at Davis Station in 1960.
Mayor Island is actually closer to Waihi Beach than Tauranga.
Crowell Island is one of the many uninhabited Canadian Arctic islands in the Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut.
Balsha Island is an ice-free island in the Dunbar group off the northwest coast of Varna Peninsula, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.
It is in the Taiwan Strait of the South China Sea, off the west coast of Taiwan.
Administratively, the group belongs to Kagoshima Prefecture, Japan.
Mata Island is an uninhabited island in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada.
There is no record or evidence that it has ever seen human habitation.
There are no permanent residents on the island, but there are a number of homes on the island that are used as holiday/vacation homes.
The Muralag peoples are the traditional owners of the land and seas surrounding Thursday Island.
The experiment worked and the island is now rat-free.
It is located south of Tioman Island.
When Base W was vacated, heavy sea ice prevented resupply ship Biscoe from approaching closer than 50 kilometres, despite the assistance of two U.S. icebreakers.
Barbuda is an island in the Eastern Caribbean, and forms part of the state of Antigua and Barbuda.
There are approximately 50 privately owned lots of land on the island.
The marina here has room for approximately 170 boats.
Captain George Vancouver named the nearby Grindall Point and Grindall Passage after his former sailing companion, the late Vice Admiral Sir Richard Grindall.
Bare Island is connected by a footbridge to the suburb of La Perouse.
Fetlar is the fourth largest island of Shetland and has an area of just over 4,000 hectares.
It lies at the southern end of Round Bottom with a stream-like channel separating the island from the West Virginia shore.
This island is used by a number of tour operators.
Serifopoula is a Greek island in the Cyclades.
The island is nominally part of the City of Mackinac Island, Michigan, but is in fact overseen by the U.S. Forest Service.
Hara is a small uninhabited island off the northern coast of Estonia in the Gulf of Finland with an area of 11 hectares.
This island, located at the mouth of the Nandu River, has a population of approximately 4,000 people.
It is the 11 largest island in the Philippines and the world's 155th largest island by area and the world's 70th most populous island.
The name Okushiri comes from the Ainu name I-kus-un-sir.
The islands are round and somewhat featureless.
The island is rocky and barren with few forested areas and lots of heathland.
To the east, the E39 highway connects it to the Straumsnes peninsula in Tingvoll.
The seaward extension of Hodikof Island is known as Hodikof Reef.
This island is part of Home Islands.
Brändöskär and Uddskär are two islands in the northwest of the Swedish sector of the Bay of Bothnia, in the Luleå archipelago, joined by an isthmus.
A DX-pedition to the island occurred in early 2012.
The Dionysades were once a place of worship of the ancient Greek god Dionysus.
The island is 25 km east of Howick Island and home to sea turtles and sea pigeons.
After the Miles Company left the island it was relatively unused until the 1930s when the Dominican Order opened a religious retreat on the island.
Ternate is an island in the Maluku Islands of eastern Indonesia.
The Langa Langa Lagoon provides opportunities for snorkeling, and the villagers provide shell making demonstrations.
Made up of 2 hills linked by an isthmus, there is also a small islet at its southeastern corner.
It is located in Peel Sound, south of Somerset Island's Four Rivers Bay, and the equally small Otrick Island.
It was first mapped from air photos taken by USN Operation Highjump and Operation Windmill in 1947 and 1948.
In the local community it is named "the crown" or "Tyssøykruna".
Other names given to this island by Western explorers include Masse, Fremantle, and Robert.
William Penny spent several winters around 1883-84 at Kekerten.
The underwater area around the islands is part of the Huron Islands unit of the Marquette Underwater Preserve and several shipwrecks can be visited by divers.
Christopher Hall Island is a Baffin Island offshore island located in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in Nunavut's Qikiqtaaluk Region.
It is the smallest Scottish island to have an area greater than 1 square mile.
The Sainte-Anne-de-Bellevue Canal, between the western tip of the island and Île Perrot, connects Lac des Deux-Montagnes and Lake Saint-Louis.
The island is uninhabited and is part of the Mexicali Municipality.
Marutea Atoll measures 42 km in length with a maximum width of 17 km.
In the spring of 1994 the Greater Lenora Resource Corporation staked a new claim on the island.
The Khmer word Koh, means 'island', Tang can be loosely translated to "legend".
It is located in Davis Strait, southeast of Baffin Island's Cumberland Peninsula and north of Auyuittuq National Park Reserve.
The Department of Conservation currently maintains the public portion of the island including its predator free status.
Grendahuset is a former school that is now a community hall that is situated in the middle part of the island.
First explorer of Santa Inés Island inland was the French writer and mountaineer Marc Augier in 1951, as he related in his work Monts Pacifique.
Griend is a small uninhabited Dutch island in the Wadden Sea, lying around 12 kilometres south of Terschelling.
The population is mainly devoted to fishing and gathering luga.
The population of Mahé was 77,000, as of the 2010 census.
Udo, literally "Cow Island" in Chinese, has this name because it looks like a cow lying down.
Named Ilha Branca by the early Portuguese mariners, it was renamed Elizabeth Eiland by Joris van Spilbergen in 1601.
The largest island, Moturoa Island, covers approximately 1.4 hectares.
Gioura is in Zone B of the Alonnisos Marine Park.
The local people are known as Orcadians and have a distinctive Orcadian dialect of Scots and a rich inheritance of folklore.
Nakaa is the legendary guardian of the gateway to the place of the dead.
Dalupiri Island is an island in the Babuyan Islands in Luzon Strait north of Luzon Island in the Philippines.
This protected area covers 4.36 square kilometres, and comprises three mountains spanning two islands.
It is north of Denham Island in the Flinders Group National Park and south of Flinders Island, at Latitude -14.210 and Longitude 144.250.
Fisher Island is an island in the Piper Islands National Park in the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park, Queensland, Australia.
The islands have a total area of 44.427 square kilometres and a population of 2,107.
Its name, which means "Long island", reflects its shape only to some extent.
The Bulgarian Sally Rocks Camp on the Hurd Peninsula beach facing the rocks supported geological research on southern Hurd Peninsula in 2005/06 and subsequent seasons.
Tiburón Island is part of the traditional homeland of some bands of the Seri people, probably for many centuries if not millennia.
Satellite imagery indicates that the islands are forested and uninhabited.
The island dominates the view from the heights of Ball's Bluff Battlefield.
The area was visited by early 19th century sealers.
Katers Island is an uninhabited island located in the Kimberley region of Western Australia.
Storr Island is an uninhabited island located in the Kimberley region of Western Australia.
Puffin also breed in burrows on the Ascribs.
The Lau lagoon is home to a number of different villages, the largest of which is Forau.
The Group lies within the Great Australian Bight.
Luzon may also refer to one of the three primary island groups in the country.
It is part of the municipality of Saint-Antoine-de-l'Isle-aux-Grues, located in the Chaudière-Appalaches region of the province.
The holes offer protection from the wind.
With an area of 1.8 hectares, it is one of the smaller islands in the lake.
Smaller southern right whales have also been observed from Entrance Island.
They are called Motchuhar in Moriori and Motuhara in Māori.
Unlike the larger, privately owned Louth Island which sits 3 kilometres to the north-west, Rabbit Island is public land and part of the Lincoln National Park.
The island belongs to the Tierra del Fuego archipelago.
Malus Island is an island 8 kilometres south of Cape Evensen, lying in Auvert Bay off the northwest coast of Stresher Peninsula, in Graham Land, Antarctica.
With an estimated population of 300 people, the island is lush in pandanus, breadfruit and taro.
Ibiza and the nearby island of Formentera to its south are called the Pine Islands, or "Pityuses".
While most attention has focused on tuatara, the significant and unique factors include:
Since the abandonment of agricultural use in the 1940s, the natural succession of vegetation has created a wooded and shrubby landscape.
The island takes its name from a small community to its southwest on the Ohio shore by the name of Grandview.
Absecon Island is a barrier island located on the Jersey Shore of the Atlantic Ocean in Atlantic County, New Jersey, USA.
The entire island is administered by Ontario Parks as Michipicoten Island Provincial Park.
Captina Island was once the place where watermelons were grown for the Marshall County Fair.
It is located about 200 metres south of the island of Hareidlandet.
Although resident numbers are now less than 200, there was a small increase from 2001 to 2011.
The island lies within the city boundaries of South Charleston.
Its high point is more than 120 feet above the lake.
The current name refers to the four former provinces that made up the island: Awa, Tosa, Sanuki, and Iyo.
Williamson Island is a bar island on the Ohio River in Tyler County, West Virginia.
Malpelo is a small island in the East Pacific Ocean, located about 500 km west of the Colombian mainland.
Despite its sparse vegetation, the atoll is known as the breeding ground of a number of bird species.
Ilhéu Rabo de Junco is an uninhabited islet near the west coast of Sal Island, Cape Verde.
It is the only coral island in Bangladesh.
At one point there was the possibility that a bridge might be built to connect Ōshima and Shikoku, but these plans are now considered unlikely.
The Kingdom of Norway rejected the claim and several private expeditions were sent to the islands.
Over 400 species of flora currently inhabit the island, including many rare varieties in Oakland County.
During the late 19th century, it was owned by Sir George Grey, the former Governor-General of New Zealand.
Its highest point, called El Toro or Monte Toro, is 358 metres above sea level.
It is located 51 km from Baja California and 53 km off the coast of Sonora.
The western terminus of the European route E136 highway is on the island of Aspøya.
The name originates from the Old Norse for Ewe Island.
First charted by the French Antarctic Expedition, 1903–05, under Jean-Baptiste Charcot, who named it for Charles Rabot.
The name Waladli comes from the indigenous inhabitants and means approximately "our own".
Becker Island was named after Moritz Alois Becker, the general secretary of Austrian Geographical Society.
Toas Island is a small limestone island in Venezuela.
Hence, it is known as "Cat Heaven Island".
There is a ferry connection to Nesna and Tomma from the village of Handnesneset on the southern tip of the island.
The island has been connected to the mainland since 1872, the current bridge was completed in 1954.
The island is owned and managed by Scottish Natural Heritage as a National Nature Reserve.
As of 2000, according to Ethnologue, there was one elderly speaker of the language remaining on the islands.
Changxing Island  is a major island located in the eastern part of Bohai Sea, off the coast of Wafangdian, Dalian, Liaoning, China.
Its total area is 19,162.25 square kilometres.
They are uninhabited, and fall within the boundary of Lincoln National Park.
Devon Island is to the north and the east, across Wellington Channel.
Home Island is an island off of the east coast of Labrador.
Other island groups in the vicinity include the Bate Islands, Richardson Islands, Sesqui Islands, and Sisters Islands.
For the island in British Columbia, Canada, see Prescott Island.
They are administered by the United Kingdom as part of the overseas territory of Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha.
To the east of the Bjørnøya lies the island of Terøya.
It is managed by the Moyne Shire Council.
It is approximately 295 kilometres long and 200 kilometres wide.
Stora Karlsö is a nature reserve, the second oldest in the world after Yellowstone National Park.
The islands are located in the Rae Strait between the southern tip of the eastern arm of Matty Island, and Peel Inlet on King William Island.
The Manicouagan Reservoir, and René-Levasseur Island are sometimes called the "eye of Quebec".
St. George Island is an island off the Florida Panhandle in the northern Gulf of Mexico.
It is also a member of the Queen Elizabeth Islands and the Canadian Arctic Archipelago.
Kabviukvik Island is an island located within Coronation Gulf, south of Victoria Island, in the Kitikmeot Region, Nunavut, Canada.
The island is considered part of the Central Coast Council.
Sacol is an island in Zamboanga City, Philippines.
Currently the crossing window is at least two hours.
At 63.303°N 20.605°W﻿ / 63.303; -20.605, Surtsey is the southernmost point of Iceland.
Ecologically, they are part of the Antipodes Subantarctic Islands tundra ecoregion.
The Au Peninsula is located on the Swiss Zürichsee lake shore in the municipality of Au, Canton of Zürich.
During the 19th century various new industries were introduced, including lime quarrying.
The maritime claims of Réunion include an exclusive economic zone of 200 nautical miles, and a territorial sea of 12 nautical miles.
But although each new Skull and Bones member still visits Deer Island, the place leaves something to be desired.
Flight duration from Ubli to Vela Luka is only 11 minutes and only 22 minutes to Split.
Sumba has an area of 11,153 square kilometres, and the population was 656,259 at the 2010 Census.
A coral islet stands between them on the reef, with numerous black boulders.
Middle Island is the largest of three islands off the far south-western coast of Yorke Peninsula, South Australia.
The Cronk Islands are a group of Antarctic islands lying northeast of Hollin Island, in the Windmill Islands.
Kugong Island and Flaherty Island are separated by the Churchill Sound.
Ohlin Island or Bailys Island is an island lying 11 kilometres west of the north end of Tower Island in the Palmer Archipelago.
The island encompasses an area of 1,718 hectares.
The island was declared a nature reserve in 1940 to protect the birds brooding or resting there, and cannot be visited.
The feature rises above the Abbot Ice Shelf which occupies the sound.
These four sites, or shore camps, resemble similar sites scattered along the shores of the Gulf of St. Lawrence.
Werdinsel, also known as Limmatauen Werdhölzli, is an island and protected area in the Limmat in Switzerland.
Ndao is one of the southernmost islands of the Indonesian archipelago.
Idjuniving Island is an uninhabited island in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada.
Lågskär is a small island within the Åland Islands archipelago of Finland.
The island is named after the settlements of Temenuga in Northern and Southern Bulgaria.
The island is uninhabited by humans and provides a haven for marine and terrestrial wildlife.
The Inuit community of Igloolik is located 14 km southwest, on Igloo Island.
It is within the boundary of Keweenaw County and Isle Royale National Park, a national park located within the U.S. state of Michigan.
It is around 4 hectares or 0.04 square km in size.
The island lies within both the Isles of Scilly Heritage Coast and the Isles of Scilly Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.
Along with Flaherty Island, Innetalling Island, and Kugong Island, it is one of the four large islands in the group.
Islands in the immediate vicinity include: Gabriel Island and McLean Island to the southeast; and Field Island to the north.
North Kent Island is one of the uninhabited Canadian arctic islands in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada.
The language of the island is Kala Lagaw Ya.
It is located in the Labrador Sea, east of Cape Mercy at the tip of Baffin Island's Cumberland Peninsula.
Kamaka is an island in the Gambier Islands of French Polynesia, 11.7 km south of Mangareva within the same lagoon.
Terøya is connected to the village of Søvik on the mainland by a causeway on the east side.
The major cultural event is the Poklade, or carnival.
It is located roughly in the center of the harbor east of Colonia, the Yapese capital, between Pekel and Bi Islands.
It has a land area of 11.55 square kilometres and a lagoon area of 20 square kilometres.
Furthermore, most residents are bilingual, speaking Indonesian as their first or second language.
Ilikok Island is in the immediate vicinity.
Brattøra was the site of the Øreting, the regional Ting during the Middle Ages.
It is around 43 hectares or 0.43 square km in size.
The island is only connected to the mainland by ferry.
Napoleon was born in 1769 in the Corsican capital of Ajaccio.
In 2001 the island had a population of 2 as recorded by the census but in 2011 there were no "usual residents" living there.
Others, such as Shark and Skate islands, have completely eroded away.
With an area of 29.5 square kilometres, Shapinsay is the eighth largest island in the Orkney archipelago.
It is part of the North Maluku province of Indonesia and Sofifi, the capital of the province, is located on the west coast of the island.
Smith Island is one of the many uninhabited Canadian arctic islands in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut.
Fengming Island is a major island located in the Bohai Sea, in the province of Liaoning, Northeast China.
The company objectives are non-commercial, while operations follow commercial principles.
Praslin is the second largest island of the Seychelles, lying 44 km northeast of Mahé.
It is approximately 250 kilometres north of the state capital, Brisbane.
Because of its diversity in wildlife, Grape Island is a part of the Ohio River Islands National Wildlife Refuge.
Virginius Island is an island on the Shenandoah River in Harpers Ferry, West Virginia.
It has a population of around 130 people, who mainly croft and live in the south east of the island.
It has no pass to enter it.
Fedje is the largest island in Fedje municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.
Today, gravestones can still be seen on the island, but are beginning to disappear into the ground.
Its hillsides are covered in pine forests, with vineyards, olive groves, fruit orchards and lavender fields in the agricultural areas.
In a 2009 referendum, 95.2% of the electorate approved accession to status of department.
Administratively, it is part of the municipality Kissamos, in Chania regional unit.
The island is part of the Wafangdian district in the city of Dalian.
It is 33.3 kilometres long and 14.8 kilometres and is located 17 kilometres SE of Cape Jones, Victoria Land.
The island, in common with the rest of the Hebrides, is one of the last remaining strongholds of the Gaelic language in Scotland.
The population was 56 persons as of the 2000 census.
Public access to the island is restricted to guided tours conducted by the NPWS in association with private operators.
The Frankland Islands are teeming with permanent and migratory marine life, especially the Green Sea Turtle which nests on the island.
He gave the name Mikkelsen Island after Ejnar Mikkelsen, Danish Arctic explorer.
There are smaller bays and beaches without public access.
The Frankland Islands are teeming with permanent and migratory marine life, especially the Green Sea Turtle which nests on the island.
Except on its eastern side, Dassen Island is surrounded by reefs.
The Arkticheskiy Institut Islands or Arctic Institute Islands is a compact archipelago of narrow islands covered with tundra vegetation.
Located on the western side of Admiralty Gulf and a part of the Bonaparte Archipelago, the island encompasses an area of 2,361 hectares.
The village of Meløy was the administrative centre of Meløy until 1952 when it was moved to Ørnes.
It is a natural rock formation pillar which derives its name from its resemblance to a ghost ship, especially in foggy and low-light conditions.
It is one of several islands located in Chesterfield Inlet.
The 45.4-square-kilometre island is the largest island in the Hardangerfjorden.
There are no buildings or fertile ground on that part of the island.
Nananu-i-Cake and Mabua islands are about 600 acres in area.
The largest village on the island is called Vila do Abraão with approximately 1900 inhabitants.
It is located in the metropolitan area of Recife, the capital city of Pernambuco state.
The island is listed on the Australian Register of the National Estate.
In the west of this low island, only a few metres high, is the island's Pleistocene core, which is increasingly being eroded by the water.
Dunne Foxe Island is one of the Canadian arctic islands in Nunavut, Canada within western Hudson Bay.
The Nguna-Pele Marine Protected Area covers a total area of 11.5 sq.
The islands, especially Takarajima, are home to the Tokara Pony.
The island is 1.5 kilometres long and 0.5 kilometres wide at its widest being approximately 45 hectares in area.
Until the municipality reform of 1970, the island retained its own municipality.
It has an area of 1,015 km2.
Embankments would have been built on the sands, with the area inside of these reclaimed.
The far north end of the island is separated from the Bolivar Peninsula by Galveston Harbor, the entrance to Galveston Bay and the Houston Ship Channel.
Abd al Kuri is a rocky island about 65 miles southwest of Socotra in the Indian Ocean.
The inmates would harvest the sisal and manufacture rope which was sold to help fund the asylum.
Glauert Island is an island off the Kimberley coast of Western Australia.
Deveaux Bank is a horseshoe-shaped sand spit island encompassing a 215-acre bird sanctuary at the mouth of the North Edisto River in Charleston County, South Carolina.
The Early Islands are a group of small islands lying just west of the Cosgrove Ice Shelf in the southeast corner of Ferrero Bay, Amundsen Sea.
It includes the islands of Madeira, Porto Santo, and the Desertas, administered together with the separate archipelago of the Savage Islands.
Ohtakari is an island and community in the Finnish sector of the Bay of Bothnia.
Most of the peninsula was reorganized as the Autonomous Republic of Crimea, while the city of Sevastopol retained its special status within Ukraine.
The island, owned by the Penobscot Indian Nation, is archaeologically important, and has been designated Site 74.91 by the Maine Archaeological Survey.
Hudson Island is the southernmost island of the Family Islands group and located approximately 20 km East of Tully Heads.
With no dry landing sites, Darwin Island's main attractions are found in the Pacific Ocean, which is teeming with a spectacular variety of marine life.
In the 2011 census, the population of the island was 163.
The Arctic Circle passes just south of the island.
Eastern Egg Rock Island is an island in the Town of St. George in Knox County in the U.S. state of Maine.
The name Shuna is probably derived from the Norse, for "sea island".
Located off Hardwood Point, Scarecrow Island is situated in the center of a region rich in fish.
There is another small village called Topitike in its south-eastern corner.
The sea border with Poland runs immediately past the eastern tip of the island.
The town operates a ferry service to and from the island from about the second week in June through the second week of September.
It is close to the coast, being only 3 km away to the east from the landtip north of Cape Vankarem in the Chukotka Peninsula.
Named by the US-ACAN for Reverend Henry F. Birkenhauer, S. J., seismologist and member of the Wilkes Station party of 1958.
Leconte Island is a small, uninhabited island in Qikiqtaaluk, Nunavut, Canada.
It is defined by the United States Census Bureau as Census Tract 9603 of Keweenaw County, Michigan.
Grape Island is an island in the Hingham Bay area of the Boston Harbor Islands National Recreation Area.
The Willows Inn serves more expensive fare, featuring seasonal treats from island farms and fishers.
Chicken Island is an island located close to the south-western coast of Tasmania, Australia.
Bishop Island is a Baffin Island offshore island located in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the territory of Nunavut.
It is separated from its nearest neighbors by a 15 km strait group or just "The Triangle").
The people of Niʻihau are known for their gemlike lei pūpū craftsmanship, and speak Hawaiian as a primary language.
Sumbawa has an area of 15,448 square kilometres or 5,965 square miles with a current population of around 1.39 million.
A part of Indonesia, the island is the most important home for the Mentawai people.
It is administered as part of the village of Kitadaitō, Shimajiri District, Okinawa.
Prescott Island is oval-shaped, and has an area of 412 km2.
The island is part of the Wilsons Promontory Islands Important Bird Area, identified as such by BirdLife International because of its importance for breeding seabirds.
It lies about 76 kilometres east of Mersing Town and is part of the Johor Marine Park.
The islands form the territory equivalent to a regional county municipality and census division of Les Îles-de-la-Madeleine.
Located in Foxe Basin off the northern tip of Southampton Island, it measures 789 km2 in area.
Ramata Island is a small island about 4 kilometres long and less than 500 metres wide lying just off the New Georgia in the Solomon Islands.
The islands, which have the largest concentration of polar bear in Svalbard, are part of the Nordaust-Svalbard Nature Reserve, along with Nordaustlandet and Kvitøya.
Fladda-chùain, or Fladaigh Chùain, is an island of the Inner Hebrides north of the Trotternish peninsula of Skye.
Currently, the West Bloomfield School District uses the island as an educational nature center.
Its name is French for 'waterfall', named after a large waterfall called 'Le Saut'.
It is about 250 metres long and 80 metres wide, with the long axis aligned north/south.
The island is 4 km long, and the widest part is 800 m wide and covered with macchia.
Many of the island's landmarks are accessible only by dirt roads that require a four-wheel drive vehicle.
Threatened priority fauna found on the island include the golden-backed tree-rat, monjon and the golden bandicoot.
Together with Fraser Island, Moreton Island forms the largest sand structure in the world.
On a clear day, the Guébriant Islands can be seen from Rothera Research Station, a distance of about 28 km.
The islet of Ra is situated off the larger island of Mota Lava.
The island is home to the villages of Knarrlagsund and Ulvan.
It is surrounded by the Banda Sea and Molucca Sea and has an area of 2,406 km².
Aside from the Aleut presence, the island has gone through four periods of occupation by non-natives, and is largely unoccupied today.
Twin Cairns Island is an uninhabited island in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada.
They are part of the French territory of New Caledonia, whose mainland is 100 km away.
At high tide the island becomes several smaller portions cut off from one another, the northern section of which is Eilean Garave.
Poorly drained areas have Arrowsmith peat, Parksville sandy loam, or Tolmie loam.
It gained independence on October 27, 1979.
The island of Montreal has a shoreline of 266 km.
The Ministry of Natural Resources and Fauna, along with Kruger Inc. have already Identified 7 EFEs spanning approximately 25 km².
They lie 50 kilometres to the north-east of Whangarei, and 22 kilometres offshore halfway between Bream Head and Cape Brett.
Urup is an uninhabited volcanic island in the Kuril Islands chain in the south of the Sea of Okhotsk, northwest Pacific Ocean.
Green River in the southwest also contains a number of islands.
It belongs to the municipality of Dreschvitz.
Qelelevu covers an area of 1.5 square kilometers.
Shortly after the war the base was abandoned by the United States, which nonetheless retained a lease on the island.
There is a second, much smaller Dundas Island also in Nunavut, off Boothia Peninsula, in St. Roch Basin, across from King William Island.
Spit Island is an island of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago, in the territory of Nunavut.
Sula Sgeir is a small, uninhabited Scottish island in the North Atlantic, 18 kilometres west of North Rona.
It belongs to the Pam Islands, an island sub group to the south of Lou Island.
It includes the islets Flåvær, Husholmen, Torvholmen, and Vardholmen.
In Ingarö cemetery lie the remains of the first Swedish aviator, Carl Cederström, also known as Kalle Flygare.
This feature was seen by Discovery Investigations personnel on the RSS William Scoresby in February 1936, who mapped it as part of the mainland.
The most important village is called Toini; it is located on one of the long islands of the northeastern reef.
Jemur islands are uninhabited and only a stopover place for fishermen who are to sea.
The northern and eastern parts of the 13.6-square-kilometre island are flat and marshy.
The village of Sandåker is located on the southern part of the island, just west of the 238-metre tall Sandåkerfjellet.
Victor Sierra, sick-bay attendant of the patrol ship Lientur on the expedition.
North west of Kent Island is Jessie Island, Hutchinson Island and Bresnahan Island.
It lies on an underwater mountain range which continues to Beata Island and the southwestern coast of the Dominican Republic.
Pag is the only Croatian island that is administratively divided between two counties.
It has a population of 3. it is one of the 18 islands that is part of the town of Vestmannaeyjar
The two islands are connected by the undersea railway Seikan Tunnel.
Emma Island is an uninhabited island located in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada.
The vegetation is a miniature mosaic of matorral, barren rock, various size trees, and shrubs mixed with ferns and perennial herbs.
This island is part of Home Islands.
It is the home of birds like the grey imperial pigeon, Philippine cockatoo, blue-headed racket-tail, and the Palawan hornbill.
Lastovo is an island municipality in the Dubrovnik-Neretva County in Croatia.
Sunday Island is a small island at the entrance to King Sound in the western Kimberley region of Western Australia.
Sandwip is an island along the south eastern coast of Bangladesh in the Chittagong District.
The ship hit an uncharted rock and sank in a very short time killing 134 people.
Näsudden is a peninsula on the south coast of Gotland, Sweden.
Mamajuda Island , sometimes identified as Mama Juda Island, is an American island in the Detroit River.
It is formed from an extinct volcano.
During the early decades of the 20th century the population exceeded 1,000; but this was followed by a lengthy decline.
Archaeologists have found artifacts on this island group, from ancient and early Christian eras, indicating that the islands may have been inhabited in the past.
In the wooden church dating from the 19th century there are paintings by the Peruvian artist Miguel Gamarra
It has fresh waters, fruits, rattan, timber and a sheltered harbour and coral reefs which abound with prolific marine life.
It is an important breeding site for black-browed and grey-headed albatrosses, as well as for southern giant petrels.
Manuhangi is an atoll of the Tuamotu Archipelago in French Polynesia.
Bruce Island is located at the mouth of the inlet.
The island was once part of the old municipality of Otterøy but was merged with Namsos in 1964.
The island, 444.99 km² in area, is the second largest of the Ōsumi Islands, and has a population of 33,000 persons.
Ferries connect Suffolk County northward across Long Island Sound to the state of Connecticut.
Isla Gibraleón is a small, uninhabited Panamanian island that is part of the Pearl Islands archipelago in the Gulf of Panama.
It includes the most southerly point of Wales.
There is very little settlement on the northern coast, and no road connections there.
Debutante Island is a narrow island which is the southernmost of the Søstrene Islands.
Coastal lowlands, varying in width, surround the island.
Poplar Island, located on the Chesapeake Bay was first encountered by Europeans in 1573 by Spanish explorer Juan Menendez de Marques.
Literally meaning "heather island" in Scottish Gaelic, it is a common Scottish island name.
There are a number of abandoned houses on the island.
It is the location of the natural landmark, Hell's Gate.
It is part of Whitney Township, in Arenac County.
This island is one of the Torres Strait Islands, originally named by Captain William Bligh, "Jervis Island", and so labelled on early English language maps.
Makroulo, is an uninhabited Greek islet, located south of cape Goudero on the coast of Lasithi, eastern Crete, in the Libyan Sea.
France undertook nuclear weapon tests between 1966 and 1996 at Moruroa and Fangataufa, causing international protests, notably in 1974 and 1995.
Sculptures include works by Jill Peck, Ellen Jose, and Andy Goldsworthy.
It was located between Campana, Sant'Angelo della Polvere and the motte di Volpego.
Moldøen is a small island in Vågsøy Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.
Grassy Island should not be confused with Grass Island, which is an island of Ontario on the exact opposite side of the Detroit River.
With no permanent settlements, the island is also the largest uninhabited island in the northern hemisphere south of the Arctic Circle.
The eastern part of the atoll of Abemama is linked together by causeways making automobile traffic possible between the different islets.
Cyprus is an island in the Eastern Basin of the Mediterranean Sea.
Apasa is an islet east of Ithaca, one of the Echinades, an island group in the Ionian Sea in Greece.
Sikuai is an island in the sub-district of Bungus Teluk Kabung, City of Padang, West Sumatra Province, Indonesia.
Pelican Island is an island located in Galveston County, Texas.
Agia Varvara is a small islet off the northern coast of the Greek island of Crete in the Aegean Sea.
The sparsely populated island has about 5 permanent residents who commute by boat to the mainland since the island is not accessible by road.
Other villages on the island include Birkeland, Haukanes, Husavik, Kolbeinsvik, Otterå, and Vinnes.
Greenland sits atop the Greenland plate, a subplate of the North American plate.
While situated 1 km off the western coast of Quebec's Ungava Peninsula, it is a part of Qikiqtaaluk Region in the territory of Nunavut.
The island is 22 miles long and 8 miles across at its greatest width.
He only charted its southwest and east coasts, not realizing it was an island.
It has a marine research lab run by the University of the Philippines Visayas of nearby Iloilo Province.
Native Americans previously inhabited Apple Island, until ceding the island to the United States in the Treaty of Detroit.
Halsnøya is an island in Finnøy municipality in Rogaland county, Norway.
Other islands in the immediate vicinity include:
Administratively it lies within the Itanos municipality of Lasithi.
Tairajima, is one of the Tokara Islands, a sub-group of the Satsunan Islands belonging to Kagoshima Prefecture, Japan.
Dinish,, is a small island on the coast of Connemara in County Galway, Ireland.
Aditya Chopra, Indian film producer, screenwriter and director
It lies in Churchill Sound between Kugong Island to its west and the Howard Peninsula of Flaherty Island to its east.
Separated from the mainland by the Zadar Channel, it is connected with the island of Pašman by a bridge spanning over the Ždrelac Strait.
The islet area is only 1.33 km².
The island was photographed and roughly charted by the Belgian Antarctic Expedition, 1897–99.
In 1964, almost all of the island was united as Radøy municipality.
The 15 windmills take 30 minutes by foot to reach from the town and are located on Havøygavlen, the highest point on the island.
Baillie-Hamilton Island is one of the Canadian arctic islands in Nunavut, Canada.
Calve Island is an uninhabited island on the east coast of the Isle of Mull in Argyll and Bute on the west coast of Scotland.
Jura is an island in the Inner Hebrides of Scotland, adjacent to and to the north-east of Islay.
Maria Island is a mountainous island located in the Tasman Sea, off the east coast of Tasmania, Australia.
Dumont d'Urville named the group of islands in honor of the hydrographer of his expedition, Clément Adrien Vincendon-Dumoulin.
Daskaleia, is an uninhabited Greek islet, in the Aegean Sea, close to the northeastern coast of Crete.
The island is approximately .5 km long and 50 ft wide.
The island is named after Thomas Edge, an English merchant and whaler.
Haramsøya is an island in Haram Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
A central valley splits the island along the Santa Cruz Island Fault, with volcanic rock on the north and older sedimentary rock on the south.
It is 1.5 miles long, measured northeast to southwest, and about 1 mile wide.
Between 1910-1915, homesteaders on the island cut down much of the old growth trees and introduced non-native grasses and other plant species.
Stockinish Island is an uninhabited island off Harris, in the Outer Hebrides.
A fishing village is located in the northern side of the island.
It is located 42 km southwest of Marutea Nord.
Vele Orjule is an uninhabited Croatian island in the Adriatic Sea located southeast of Lošinj.
Named by US-ACAN for Admiral Forrest Sherman, USN, Chief of Naval Operations, 1949–51, when preparations were being made for U.S.
The Kai Islands of Indonesia are a group of islands located in the southeastern part of the Maluku Islands in Maluku Province.
The island is oriented generally northeast-southwest, with the Gulf of Mexico on the east and south, and Corpus Christi Bay on the north and west.
Out Stack is little more than a rocky outcrop, and is uninhabited.
A Cambodian consortium, the Royal Group has been granted a 99-year lease.
It is 2 miles north of Bishop Rock Lighthouse, and about 0.25 miles northeast of the Crim Rocks.
Kavalliani is a small island in the South Euboean Gulf.
Inaccessible Island is a small rocky island, the northernmost of the Dellbridge Islands, lying 2 kilometres southwest of Cape Evans, Ross Island, Antarctica.
The Ertholmene archipelago is located 18 kilometres to the northeast of Bornholm.
The island is nearly cut in two by the Seymour Canal; to its east is the long, narrow Glass Peninsula.
Recreational facilities on the islet include the Rungnado May Day Stadium.
The community on Valaam at the moment has no official administrative status.
Its ancient names include Iyo-no-futana-shima, Iyo-shima, and Futana-shima.
The small island of Hornøya is located just 1.5 kilometres to the northeast of Vardøya.
Stora Hepokari is an island in the northeast of the Swedish sector of the Bothnian Bay, in the Haparanda archipelago.
The Kleiner Werder lies off the mainland east of the peninsula of Großer Werder and west of the likewise uninhabited island of Bock.
Another, smaller Ragged Island is found in Chesterfield Inlet, northwest of Big Island.
Many small islands are located along the south coast of Jamaica, such as the Port Royal Cays.
There is no public ferry service to Blakely Island.
It is now joined with the island which forms the center of Cork City, Ireland and refers to the eastern tip of that island.
For instance Hurtigruten ships pass that sound on their way from and to Bergen.
The Eldred Rock Coast Guard Heliport is also located on the island.
Nosy Hara is an uninhabited island off the north west coast of Madagascar.
The island also harbours strong gradations of weather between the often cloud-covered summit and the wave-lashed shores.
Recently the island has benefited from the development of tourism.
Kennedy himself visited Key West a month after the resolution of the Cuban Missile Crisis.
The structure is the world's largest multiple-arch dam.
With less than 200 residents on the island, it is the second most populous island in the municipality.
Today, the island is used for grazing sheep.
To the south is the Cuyo group, where the centers of the three municipalities namely Cuyo, Agutaya, and Magsaysay are located.
The island is just west of the Estuary Ferry.
Budd, medical officer at nearby Mawson Station in 1959.
Kvamsøya is an island in the municipality of Sande in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
A dune ridge along the southern shore rises some 3 metres ASL, lower dunes on the north-eastern side are only about one metre above the sea.
O'Reilly Island is an uninhabited island in Nunavut Territory, Canada.
There are two Morris Islands within 200 km of each other.
Newton Island is a rocky island 0.9 kilometres northwest of Laplace Island and 2 kilometres north-northwest of Cape Mousse, Adélie Coast, Antarctica.
It rises in sheer cliffs, making it quite inaccessible, either by ship or by plane.
Northern part of the island belongs to Jyväskylä and Southern part to Muurame.
The island is divided into two villages/ports: Oodomari and Nitoda.
It covers 4,800.6 km2, and had a population of 271,868 in 2014.
There are numerous areas set aside to protect the local fauna and flora, including a number of important sea bird nesting sites.
The islands are surrounded by rocks and coral, and have a sandy surface with scant marine vegetation.
Lavoisier Island is named Isla Serrano by Chile and isla Mitre by Argentina.
A Caledonian MacBrayne ferry links the island with the mainland town of Mallaig.
It is part of the municipality of Concepcion.
The kidney-shaped island is flat and treeless.
The sovereign state of Brunei, located on the north coast, comprises about 1% of Borneo's land area.
The island and surrounding fishing grounds are part of the ancestral domain of the indigenous Tagbanwa people, officially designated such on June 5, 1998.
Scout Island is a forested bar island in Marion County, West Virginia, United States, on the Tygart Valley River.
Since 2007, Nosy Hara has been part of a Marine Protected Area.
Along with Rebun Island and the coastal area of the Sarobetsu Plain, Rishiri forms the Rishiri-Rebun-Sarobetsu National Park.
The operators made 195,292 contacts under very difficult conditions.
Mane Skerry is a small island in the central part of Lystad Bay, off Horseshoe Island, Antarctica.
It is one of two islands in the 11 Finger Lakes.
Nusa Laut has an all-Christian population and has been spared the 1999–2000 riots plaguing the rest of the region.
It is an unoccupied equatorial Northern Pacific atoll administered as an unorganized incorporated territory by the United States federal government.
George VI Sound was explored by the British Graham Land Expedition in 1936-1937 and by the United States Antarctic Service in 1940.
It is one of the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean region and the main island of the country of Antigua and Barbuda.
About 0.7 km² in size, it is situated about 3 km from the shoreline.
It is one of 24 islands that make up the Ottawa Islands, situated in the eastern portion of Hudson Bay.
Both Redonda Islands were sighted in 1792 by the Spanish explorers Galiano and Valdés and given the name Isla Redonda, meaning "round".
The group stretches 4.5 km from north to south.
Eilean Ceann na Creige is connected to Kennacraig by a causeway.
Kodakarajima, literally "small treasure island", is one of the Tokara Islands, belonging to Kagoshima Prefecture.
Kau Pei Chau is an uninhabited islet located off the coast of Hong Kong Island, about 50 metres off the tip of Cape D'Aguilar.
Prasonisi, is an islet just off the coast of Crete, near Lambi, in Rethymno regional unit.
According to a 1988 census, it has a population of 3,663 Quechua speakers divided among about 800 families.
This rock was given its name by the Coast Survey.
Curieuse Island is a small granitic island 1.13 sq mi in the Seychelles close to the north coast of the island of Praslin.
The population as at the 2011 census was 1,566.
Other islands in the vicinity include Iglorua Island, Ekalulia Island, Algak Island, Shoe Island, and Rideout Island.
It is owned entirely by the Russell Trust Association and is used as a Skull and Bones retreat.
The island is characterised by a table topped hill at its southern end.
The Amami Islands is an archipelago in the Satsunan Islands, which is part of the Ryukyu Islands, and is southwest of Kyushu.
The islet has enjoyed protected area status since 1909 and since at least 1972, have been part of the Busby Islet Conservation Park.
Nakanoshima is one of the Dōzen Islands in the Oki archipelago in the Sea of Japan.
Moku meaning island and ola meaning life.
Katina is an uninhabited Croatian island in the Adriatic Sea located between Dugi Otok to the north and Kornat to the south.
Its nearest neighbor is Paramushir, located 15 km away across the Luzhin Strait.
Structurally, it acts as the southwestern margin of Academician Ridge.
The 4-square-kilometre island is located west of the villages of Lekanger, Mårnes, and Våg on the neighboring island of Sandhornøya.
The island is oriented north-south, bordered by the Gulf of Mexico on the east, and Laguna Madre on the west.
It is located in the Viscount Melville Sound, west of Stefansson Island, and north of Victoria Island.
Alaska Natives are known to have inhabited coastal caves on the island two to three thousand years ago.
A couple of NE-SW aligned faults cross the island.
The southern coast of the island is the site of the other village on the island, Stormark.
Clarence Island is 21.46 km long in south-southwest to north-northeast direction and the easternmost of the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica.
It is one of several islands located within the mouth of Chesterfield Inlet.
Fishing is one of the main industries on the island.
Pattee Island is an uninhabited island in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada.
Bath Island is named after the city of Bath in England, where sections of the UKHO were temporarily located during World War II.
To the residents, this island is known as 'Paradise".
Cameron Island is one of the Canadian arctic islands in Nunavut, Canada.
Tanera Mòr is an uninhabited island in Loch Broom in the Inner Hebrides of Scotland.
The Magharees Sound separates the Seven Hogs from the mainland.
It has an area of almost 5 hectares.
Above water, the moraines are characterized by various rocks, gravel, sand, silt and clay, sometimes sorted out by waves.
Mellom-Vikna is the smallest of the three major islands in the municipality of Vikna in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.
Tarva is connected to the mainland via the Dybfest–Tarva Ferry.
Rysa Little is an uninhabited island in the Orkney archipelago in Scotland.
The island's vegetation was devastated over several decades by introduced feral goats, thus diminishing food supplies for the native tortoises.
Named by Byrd for Frederick G. Dustin, member of the Byrd AE, 1933–35, and mechanic with the USAS, 1939-41.
It is one of the two major islands in the Calaguas Group of Islands, about eight kilometers long.
At low tide, it can be accessed from nearby Banksia Bay.
The road then continues over a series of bridges connecting a string of islands to each other and to the city of Bergen.
It has an area of 60 km2 and a maximum altitude of 777 metres.
Chameau Island is a rocky island 0.2 kilometres long, lying 1.5 kilometres east of Cape Découverte in the Curzon Islands.
Clack Island is part of the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park at the tip of Cape Melville, Queensland in Bathurst Bay, Australia.
Sediment deposition has caused the island to become significantly larger in recent years.
The primary destinations on Hornby are Tribune Bay Provincial Park, Helliwell Provincial Park, Ford's Cove, Heron Rocks and Whaling Station Bay.
Shannon Island is a large island in Northeast Greenland National Park in eastern Greenland, to the east of Hochstetter Foreland, with an area of 1,466 km2.
The 70 or so residents make their living by fishing or fishing-related fields.
There are four parasitic cones on the western slopes of Makian.
The hamlet of Whale Cove is 8.1 km to the southwest.
There are also helicopter tours to the island.
The Mercury Islands are a group of seven islands off the northeast coast of New Zealand's North Island.
Sombrero Chino is a small islet off the southeastern tip of Santiago.
The island was named after the artist William Beechey by his son Frederick William Beechey who was then serving as Parry's lieutenant.
The island is also the location and namesake of an episode of The Secret Saturdays.
Mageshima, is one of the Satsunan Islands, usually classed with the Ōsumi Islands belonging to Kagoshima Prefecture, Japan.
The 15-kilometre long island has an area of 27.8 square kilometres with 494 inhabitants.
Great Island is the name of an island in Cork Harbour, just outside Cork city, at the mouth of the River Lee.
It belongs to the Northwest Territories, Canada.
Blue whales can often be seen here.
The island is an important landmark in the region often afflicted by fog, and is used for coastal boat navigation.
Access to the island is limited to small boats due to the reefs and the small size of the island.
Matureivavao, or Maturei-vavao is an uninhabited atoll in the Acteon Group in the southeastern part of the Tuamotu Islands.
It lies in Cumberland Sound, across the mouth of Chidliak Bay, approximately 14.4 km southeast of Robert Peel Inlet Nimigen Island lies to its west.
The island is then referred to as Höð.
Bjørnøya is a populated island in Haram Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
Nosy Mitsio is an island off the northwest coast of Madagascar.
The islands were mapped in detail by United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1959-65.
Ensay is a currently unpopulated island in the Outer Hebrides of Scotland.
It is around 2 hectares or 0.02 square km in size.
Scariff Island is an island of the Atlantic Ocean belonging to County Kerry, Ireland.
The tide pools contain many Sally Lightfoot crabs, which attract other types of hunters.
Maug consists of a group of three small uninhabited islands.
Much of it is farmed, but there are some forested areas.
Skrova is an island group and village area in the municipality of Vågan in Nordland county, Norway.
The small island of Skogsøya lies to the northwest.
It is situated between the main channel of the Rhine to the north and a smaller channel, the Wachsbleicharm, in the south.
It is situated outside the mouth of Rupert Bay, 11.5 km from Quebec's Pointe Saouayane on Péninsule Ministikawatin.
Other islands in the immediate vicinity include Brook Island, Falk Island, Gay Island, Pike Island, and Smith Island.
North Andaman Island is the northern island of Great Andaman of the Andaman Islands.
Nuuluk Island is an uninhabited island in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland.
Imigen Island is an uninhabited island in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada.
Mapped by Norwegian cartographers from air photos taken by the Lars Christensen Expedition, 1936-37.
Its name comes from the Old Norse Flat-ey meaning "flat island".
Askrova sits about 7 kilometres southwest of the town of Florø and about the same distance southeast of the island of Reksta.
It's just 1 hectares or 0.01 square km in size.
Following the Seven Years' War, Île-Royale and its constituent territories such as Isle Madame, reverted to British control.
It has been regarded as a sacred island to the Shinto religion since ancient times, and commercial fishing in its adjacent waters is prohibited.
Suneet Chopra, Indian communist politician and trade unionist
Administratively it is part of the municipality of Methoni in Messenia.
Oronsay is an uninhabited island in Loch Sunart, Scotland.
The island is a part of the Northeast Greenland National Park.
The island is rocky reaching a height of 308 metres.
Calumet Island is an island on the St. Lawrence River, located in the Town of Clayton in Jefferson County, New York.
It is administratively and municipally part of Bulunsky District.
The island was surveyed by Argentine expeditions in 1942, 1943 and 1948.
It has an entire surface area of 5.25 square kilometres.
It is situated in the eastern Aegean Sea, close to the Turkish Aegean Coast.
A farmhouse on Illauntannig can be rented out on a weekly basis April - September.
It is located 60 km northeast from Bristol Island and 62 km south from Saunders Island.
The 5-square-kilometre island lies just west of the island of Radøy in the Hjeltefjorden, at the entrance to the Radfjorden.
It is the second largest of the several hundred islands and islets that are located in Baffin Bay, immediately off the northern coast of Baffin Island.
Nacula Island has 4 native villages, in descending order of size; Nacula village, Malakati village, Naisisili village and Navotua village.
The phonetic word ikus(un) means other side and sir means island.
The Gannet Islands are a group of islands approximately 40 km northeast of Cartwright.
It has an area of 11,295 km2, making it the 69th largest island in the world and Canada's 16th largest island.
Froan consists of several hundred islands and islets.
It consists of 10 small islands and islets almost all uninhabited.
Miyako-jima; Okinawan: Naaku) is the largest and the most populous island among the Miyako Islands of Okinawa Prefecture, Japan.
Ekins Island is an uninhabited island within the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the territory of Nunavut.
There are also many active submarine volcanoes in the Taiwan Straits.
Monjes del Sur consists of the two largest islands, connected by an artificial dam.
It is in the Kitikmeot Region, Nunavut, Canada.
A lighted whistle buoy is 500 yards north of the rock.
Mason Island is an uninhabited island located off the Galway coast near the village of Carna.
There is an old quarry at Stare Stine, and gypsum from the island was used in the Baroque chapels of Hvar cathedral.
72 Haida citizens were arrested by the RCMP and charged with Contempt of Court.
The islands are situated north of Thursday Island and approximately 15 kilometres southwest of Badu Island.
Izena Island is located in the East China Sea, north-west of Okinawa Island, in the Ryukyu Islands of Japan.
It is an irregularly shaped island located in the Penny Strait, between Bathurst Island and Devon Island.
Its three main islands are Mangole, Sanana and Taliabu, with smaller islands Lifamatola and Seho.
It is within the boundary of Isle Royale National Park, a national park located within the U.S. state of Michigan.
In the middle of the twelfth century the island was in the possession of counts belonging to the Barbavara family.
Other islands in the vicinity include Lewes Island, Marcet Island, and Walrus Island.
Buru is the third largest island within Maluku Islands of Indonesia.
The island is a part of the Ohio River Islands National Wildlife Refuge and can only be accessed by boat.
Ko Island has an area of 1.54 square kilometres.
The island has a land area of 23.97 square kilometres and had a population of 822 as of the 2000 census.
Isle of Ewe is a small Scottish island on the west coast of Ross and Cromarty.
Its narrow, scenic and winding roads are popular with bicyclers.
The city's shipyard, Odense Steel Shipyard, has been relocated outside Odense proper.
It has a surface area of 11.374 km².
It is the fourth largest in area of the Elizabeth Islands and home to the village of Cuttyhunk.
There is now only one house on the island, which is used for holiday lets.
Greben' Island is a small island lying close north of the east end of Haswell Island in the Haswell Islands of Antarctica.
It is located 40 km SW of Rangiroa.
Vestvågøya or Vest-Vågøy is an island in the Lofoten archipelago in Nordland county, Norway.
According to the 2010 census, it has a population of 2,547.
Sucia Island State Park is a Washington State Marine Park.
Ironsides Island is an uninhabited rocky island in the Saint Lawrence River, and part of the Thousand Islands region near Alexandria Bay, New York.
This family has a long military and naval tradition; most recently, Admiral Antonis Antoniades served as Chief of the Hellenic Navy General Staff from 2002-2005.
A monument to those killed is located in Toftefjord.
It is often claimed to be 'one of the most beautiful' of the islands in Norway.
The main islands are East, Panamole and Hastings
The island was named by Nicholas Baudin in 1801 after the French diplomat and statesman, Jean-Baptiste de Nompère de Champagny, 1st duc de Cadore.
The tallest peaks are McLeod Head at 400 m, and Mount Nicolay at 290 m, both on the north coast.
Santiago Island is an island located off the northeast coast of Bolinao, Pangasinan, Philippines.
Lucavsala is an island in the Daugava River in Riga, Latvia.
The archipelago is administered by the Portuguese municipality of Funchal, belongs to the Madeiran civil parish of Sé, and is the southernmost point of Portugal.
It is located slightly south of Wotje.
Horseshoe Bay, with its sandy beach, is popular with boating visitors.
Audrey Island is the southernmost island in the Debenham Islands, off the west coast of Graham Land.
St. Matthew Island is a remote island in the Bering Sea in Alaska, 295 km WNW of Nunivak Island.
These are Les Îles-de-la-Madeleine, the central municipality, and Grosse-Île.
Eleuthera forms a part of the Great Bahama Bank.
Bowman Island is located at 65°16′48″S 103°6′36″E.
It is owned by the Maine Department of Inland Fisheries and Wildlife, and it is located off the southern Atlantic Coast of the state.
The battle of Abtao took place near the island.
The island is administratively managed by the local government area of the Torres Strait Island Region.
The French Canadian colloquial term for "inner bark" was bois blanc.
The reserve consists of the northern part of the main island Vendelsö and the surrounding islands Brattö, Norstön, Kidholmen, and Älmö.
A fringing reef extends from the island.
The Ile Warramous Island is a small uninhabited islet about 1.28 kilometres east coast of Djibouti in the Gulf of Tadjoura and Gulf of Aden.
Randøy is an island in Hjelmeland municipality in Rogaland county, Norway.
Motuihe Island lies between Motutapu and Waiheke islands in the Hauraki Gulf of New Zealand, near Auckland.
Previously inhabited, the low-lying island is now a successful grey seal breeding colony.
There are residential areas all over the island, but especially in the east.
The 1.7-square-kilometre island lies on the south side of the Boknafjorden in the Rennesøy island group.
The airline contracted with the United States Postal Service in 1927 to deliver mail to and from Cuba and the United States.
The island itself is subdivided across three municipalities.
The traditional owners of the area are the Uunguu peoples of the Wunambal language group whose name for the island is Ngurraali.
The Tiwi Islands are part of the Northern Territory, Australia, 80 km to the north of Darwin where the Arafura Sea joins the Timor Sea.
Other comparable islands in the area include the Bear Islands, North and South Twin Islands, Spencer Island, Sunday Island, and Walter Island.
Vigra has excellent walking trails along the seashore and over the hills.
In the southwestern portion of the island, Córdova Peninsula marks the eastern limit of the Strait of Magellan and is home to several mountain glaciers.
Dog Island is located in Foveaux Strait some 5 kilometres from Bluff, New Zealand.
The island belongs to India and forms a part of the Gulf of Mannar Marine National Park.
Kaukura Atoll is elongated, with a length of 47 km and a maximum width of 13 km.
It was first charted in 1793 by James Johnstone, one of George Vancouver's officers during his 1791-95 expedition.
Most of the island is in Northwest Territories, while its easternmost portion lies in Nunavut.
Designed by five times British Open winner Peter Thomson, the championship Par 71 course measures 6,715 yards/6,140 metres.
It is one of the mid-channel islands in the western sector of Barrow Strait.
Megalonisi is an islet off the southern coast of the Greek island of Crete in the Libyan Sea that hosts a lighthouse.
Alnön is an island in the Gulf of Bothnia just outside Sundsvall in Medelpad, Sweden.
With an area of 2,037 km2, it is the 200th largest island in the world.
Its land area is only 9.8 square kilometres, but that encloses a lagoon of 972 square kilometres.
The Birch Islands are two islands in Pleasant Bay, Washington County, Maine, United States.
Japonski Island is home to Sitka Rocky Gutierrez Airport; the Sitka branch campus of the University of Alaska Southeast; Mt.
The Indians themselves had a name for Bois Blanc Island and the meaning is the same as the Canadian name.
Obbolaön is an island in northern Sweden.
In 1884, the Empire of Germany claimed Ujae Atoll along with the rest of the Marshall Islands.
Travellers do not encounter any further land masses between Out Stack and the North Pole if heading directly north.
The area was visited by early 19th-century sealers operating from nearby Clothier Harbour.
It is situated just off the northern tip of Auckland Island, the largest island in the archipelago.
Its principal economic activities are the production of sugarcane and tourism.
Pan American Airlines was founded in Key West, originally to fly visitors to Havana, in 1926.
It is connected to the Norwegian mainland through a man-made causeway.
It is one of fourteen islands politically administered by the municipality of Carles.
It is about 30 hectares in extent and the highest point is 38 metres.
Due to its inaccessibility and the distance from Pitcairn Island, Ducie is rarely visited today.
Under some definitions, only Java, Sumatra and Borneo are included in the Greater Sunda Islands.
It is located in Baffin Island's Cumberland Sound.
The 7.2-square-kilometre island is home to almost all of the municipality's residents.
The wreck of the SS Tasman, holed on the southwest reef in 1912, lies nearby.
It is extending 1.2 km by 700 m, with surface area of 48 hectares, and is snow-free in summer.
Russell Island in North Queensland is part of the Frankland Islands which form Frankland Group National Park, 30 km north-east of Babinda, and south-east of Cairns.
The low, straight, narrow 2 km long island faces west-northwest into the gulf.
Photographed from the air by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump, 1946-47.
Although part of the Calaguas group, the island is under the jurisdiction of the municipality of Paracale, Camarines Norte.
They have belonged to the region of Southern Denmark since January 1, 2007.
The islands are located about 17 kilometres southwest of the municipal center of Silvalen and about 5 kilometres west of Husvær.
These group of Moalans are on the south and eastern end of the Island from Vunuku, Cakova and to Nasoki.
The highest peak is Mount Beirari at 622 metres.
Beška is an island in Lake Skadar in the Montenegrin municipality of Bar.
The landscape is savanna-like and has a rich birdlife, about 45 species has been spotted, and a number of orchids.
It is located 45 nautical miles north of Saipan, and is the smallest island in the archipelago.
The sea pen, Virgularia mirabilis is also present in the inner loch.
The major islands in the group are Pacheco Island, Contreras Island, Ramirez Island, Cochrane Island, Juan Guillermos Island and the Rennell Islands.
Almost all the residents of the island live on the southeastern shore.
The city of Ishigaki serves as the political, cultural, and economic head of the Yaeyama Islands.
9.3 km to the southeast is Fairway Rock, which is generally not considered part of the Diomede Islands.
Linaluk Island is one of the islands in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the Northwest Territories, Canada.
On September 23, 1910, some shearers working on Entrance Island observed a distressed whale reported to be 90 feet long.
The entire island is part of Tongass National Forest.
Grandes can be seen from the Minoan site of Roussolakkos near Palekastro as can the island of Elasa.
Qoornup Qeqertarsua Island is an uninhabited island in the Sermersooq municipality in southwestern Greenland.
Orkney is 16 kilometres north of the coast of Caithness and comprises approximately 70 islands, of which 20 are inhabited.
The 350 m causeway was built by William Tawse Ltd.
Dålk Island is a small coastal island lying at the terminus of Dålk Glacier, in the southeast part of Prydz Bay.
From 1864 until 1920, Rømø belonged to Germany as part of the Prussian province of Schleswig-Holstein.
The 1991 census read one inhabitant making it the smallest municipal district in Greece in population.
Pabbay is an uninhabited island in the Outer Hebrides of Scotland which lies in the Sound of Harris between Harris and North Uist.
It is located about 5 km from the mainland and approximately 13 km southwest of the locality of Rossport.
Hilly elevation with vegetation like palms, loamy and forest soil sandy.
The Norse name may have been Fladdaidh meaning "flat island".
The island lies 11 km off the northeastern coast of Venezuela and sits on the continental shelf of South America.
Area 50.21 km2, population 6,049, length 22 km, width up to 3.8 km.
Overpopulation has led to a steady migration from Pele villages to southern Nguna in recent times.
It lies between Nolan Island and Court Ridge in the Sulzberger Ice Shelf.
The Candlemas Islands were discovered on February 2, 1775 by a British expedition under James Cook, who named them to commemorate the day of their discovery.
Several water sports activities are available on the island.
Over three-quarters of the Bonin petrels that nest in Hawaii nest here.
The name "Bremen Island" was proposed by Bärbel Krämer of Hapag-Lloyd.
Adak Island is an island near the western extent of the Andreanof Islands group of the Aleutian Islands in Alaska.
It is the southernmost and most isolated of the Izu Seven Islands group of the seven northern islands of the Izu archipelago.
It is located along the eastern shore of the Gulf of California, opposite Isla Ángel de la Guarda.
The island is currently owned by Michael Hare, 2nd Viscount Blakenham, but has not been permanently inhabited since the 1940s.
Kunghit Island is 24 kilometres long and ranges in width from 2 to 13 kilometres.
Pigeon Island is located in at the northern end of Lake Wakatipu in New Zealand near the township of Glenorchy.
Leyte today is notable for the geothermal electric power plants near Ormoc.
Since 2004, the island has been part of the Memory Cove Wilderness Protection Area.
The island is relatively new, and did not exist when the land was first surveyed in 1903.
With a population of 1,643 inhabitants in 2015, it is the smallest of seven barangays in San Andres.
The Williams Rocks were mapped by Robert G. Dovers of the ANARE in 1954.
The island is uninhabited and is part of the Mexicali Municipality.
It is one of the Parry Channel islands off the southwest coast of Cornwallis Island.
One of the local ferrymen, Ola Flytt, has been honored with a statue and a street name on the island.
It is part of the Republic of Kiribati.
The historic military fort and tunnels can only be visited by guided tour.
The 84.4-square-kilometre island of Nordkvaløya is very rugged and the highest point is Storalangen at 736 m.
The primary connection with the mainland, a car ferry line, is operated by Ornö Sjötrafik.
West of Yuzhny Island lies the Barents Sea, and to the east the Kara Sea.
It lies about 400 metres from the coast.
Hoy is an island in Orkney, Scotland.
The San Blas Islands of Panama is an archipelago comprising approximately 365 islands and cays, of which only 49 are inhabited.
Store Molla is often confused with Stormolla, an island in Lofoten.
Mikronisi is an islet off the southern coast of the Greek island of Crete in the Libyan Sea.
It is approximately 6 hectares in size.
The feature was charted and descriptively named by Captain George Powell in the British sealing vessel Dove which visited the South Shetlands in 1820-22.
The Pickersgill Islands are to its southwest.
There is a Hawksbill Turtle conservation in this island.
Lincay, with a wooden church dating from the beginning of the 20th century
Its landscapes include woodlands, grasslands, meadows, wetlands, coastal areas, ponds and steep hills."
Sokn is an island in Rennesøy municipality in Rogaland county, Norway.
The island claims to be the "Otter Capital of Britain" and has a diverse bird life including breeding populations of great and Arctic skuas.
Isla San Ildefonso, is an island in the Gulf of California east of the Baja California Peninsula.
and is, according to schedule, going to be completed in the year 2029.
Zvërnec Islands is a group of two islands that are located within the Narta Lagoon in southern Albania.
An Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions party landed by aircraft on Kista Rock in 1957 and obtained an astrofix.
There is a large deer population on the island.
The island is uninhabited and is part of the Ensenada Municipality.
Halten lies at the northern end of the island chain.
It has 1,936.16 km2 of land area, making it the 15th largest island in the United States.
Emergency generators were installed on the island for protection against power failure.
As of 2017, the island's population was 1,952.
Princess Thyra Island is an uninhabited island of the Wandel Sea, Greenland.
It is so named as the island was once home to noisy red howler monkeys.
Mausinsel is an island in the Wörthsee lake in Bavaria.
The islet of Erinia lies directly to the east as well as the main island of Skyros.
They applied the name Broka because the outline of the island resembles that of a pair of trousers.
The majority of Arizona's islands are in the Colorado River.
Fidra is an uninhabited island in the Firth of Forth, 4 kilometres north-west of North Berwick, on the east coast of Scotland.
The 26.3-square-kilometre island makes up the majority of the land area of the municipality.
Sanday is one of the Small Isles, in the Scottish Inner Hebrides.
They were photographed by the Soviet Antarctic Expedition in March 1957, and by the Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions in December 1957.
Other islands in the vicinity include Anchor Island, Duke of York Archipelago, Hokagon Island, Kabviukvik Island, Mangak Island, Nanortut Island, Nanukton Island, and Takhoalok Island.
The Sugar Loaf Islands Marine Protected Area was established in 1991 to protect the area from oil exploration.
It is also an important nursery-ground for fish.
Inishmaan has a population of about 160, making it the smallest of the Aran Islands in terms of population.
The island has become a focus of the Roosevelt Island Climate Evolution research using ice coring.
Tokashiki is a hilly island of about 15.29 square kilometers with sheer cliffs which descend down to the seas.
Jintang Island is an island in the Zhoushan prefecture-level city in China's northeastern Zhejiang province.
Apart from Lord Howe Island itself the most notable of these is the volcanic and uninhabited Ball's Pyramid about 23 km to the southeast of Howe.
Some groups of islands are grouped into minor archipelagoes such as the Guaitecas Archipelago.
Stora Karlsö is an island off the west coast of Gotland, Sweden; part of Eksta socken.
The path continues beyond the lighthouse to the structures and cliffs on the far north end of the island.
This is the only regular ferry connection in all of Smøla Municipality, connecting it to the rest of Norway.
It is part of the Cape York to Cape Grenville Islands Important Bird Area.
The population nearly doubles in summer when property owners from both Canada and the U.S. arrive for summer fun and relaxation.
Eight pre-Dorset or early Dorset culture sites were excavated on the island and a nearby area on Baffin Island.
It is located in the South Euboean Gulf opposite Styra.
The smaller Margaret Island is 1 km to the east of Dundas.
The island has a population of 5,102 residents.
It is a minor overseas territory of France.
As of 2011, it had no resident population.
The Adal Island is an island located near the Timbun Mata island in Sabah, Malaysia.
The group is part of the Redland City with a permanent population of 4,240 as of the 2006 census.
Chapman Rocks is a group of rocks in central Hero Bay on the north side of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.
The pic Nga is the island's highest point, at 262 metres elevation.
It belongs to the North and Middle Andaman administrative district, part of the Indian union territory of Andaman and Nicobar Islands.
Flaherty Island is the largest island of the Belcher Islands group in Hudson Bay in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada.
Andøya is the northernmost island in the Vesterålen archipelago, situated about 300 kilometres inside the Arctic circle.
The Low Islets are a Marine National Park Zone.
Gatas is a small island in barrio Playa in the municipality of Ponce in southern Puerto Rico.
There are other Adams Islands, including one more subantarctic island.
Stevenson Island is a small, uninhabited island in Yellowstone Lake, Teton County, Wyoming.
A well-known resident during parts of the 1930s and 1940s was the conductor Arturo Toscanini.
Pellestrina is an island in northern Italy, forming a barrier between the southern Venetian Lagoon and the Adriatic Sea, lying south west of the Lido.
Laggard Island was named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-names Committee following a 1955 survey by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey.
The Ness is less than 1 kilometre long, running in south of southwest direction from Scat Ness.
The island is white in appearance due to the deposition of guano by seabirds.
Other islands in the vicinity include Quadyuk Island and North Quadyuk Island.
It was named by the Chilean Antarctic Expedition of 1947 for its commander, Capitán de Navío Federico Guesalaga Toro.
The island separates the north and south entrances of the Fly River.
More than half of the island's surrounding marine area forms part of the Karaburun-Sazan National Marine Park.
The island is part of the integral nature reserve Los Islotes, which is part of the natural park Chinijo Archipelago.
The Carbuncle is a small island, with an area of 1.91 ha, in south-eastern Australia.
It is one of the mid-channel islands in the western sector of Barrow Strait.
It was photographed and plotted by the Soviet expedition of 1956, and named Greben' because of its ridgelike shape.
The equator crosses the island at its center in West Sumatra and Riau provinces.
Lichades or Lichadonisia is an island complex north west of Euboea, in the North Euboean Gulf.
It is the westernmost point of Portugal and if considered part of Europe it would be its westernmost point as well.
It is situated 14 nautical miles from Komiža.
Upernivik Island is an uninhabited island in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland.
Gorumna is an island on the west coast of Ireland, forming part of County Galway.
The largest of the islands appears reddish when free of snow.
The United States Department of State website states:
Since then, wave erosion has caused the island to steadily diminish in size: as of 2012, its surface area was 1.3 km2.
Pednathise Head an island that is the southernmost point of England, the United Kingdom, and the British Isles if the Channel Islands are excluded.
Alternatives have since become widespread and are in common usage.
The island covers 34 hectares and has a circumference of 3.3 km.
Manicani is a small island in the Leyte Gulf, Philippines.
As of 2011, it had no resident population.
All the islands are flat, not much higher than the ocean level.
As Kundur does not have an airport, all visitors arrive by ferry.
The Peter Richards Islands are members of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the territory of Nunavut.
The feature is named after the settlement of Vilare in Northern Bulgaria.
It was known as "Mutton Island" as early as 1912, but since 1920 the name Grass Island has been consistently used.
For dinner, the Taquilean people serve vegetable soup with bread.
Rimatara is the westernmost inhabited island in the Austral Islands of French Polynesia.
Pak Island is an island of Papua New Guinea.
It has a surface area of 19 hectares.
Though geographically part of the South American continent, from a socio-economic standpoint it is often referred to as the southernmost island in the Caribbean.
Sydney Island is situated in the Gulf of Carpentaria and is one if the islands of the Wellesley Islands group.
The area was visited by early 19th century sealers.
There are connections to the island other than by private boats.
Named by Martin Halpern, leader of the University of Wisconsin party during geological mapping of this area, 1961-62.
Other islands in the immediate vicinity include Culbertson Island, Low Island, McAllister Island, Mitchell Island, and Peak Island.
There are no large inland bodies of water on the island, which consists entirely of the state of Grenada.
Bawe Island is a small island in the Zanzibar Archipelago, in Tanzania.
It is located to the south of Crete, of which it is administratively a part, in the regional unit of Chania.
Khortytsia is the largest island in the River Dnieper, and is 12.5 kilometres long and up to 2.5 kilometres wide.
Maluku province has a larger Christian population, and its capital is Ambon.
The islands were charted in 1935 by Discovery Investigations and named after C.M.
Kolguyev Island is an island in Nenets Autonomous Okrug Russia located in the south-eastern Barents Sea to the north-east of the Kanin Peninsula.
The most notable geographic feature is a peak called Mount Gusuku at a height of 172 meters.
The mail route was known as the 'Key West, Florida Havana Mail Route.
He became director of safety, environment, and health activities, 1992–99, with heightened emphasis on environmental protection.
Mónica Rock was charted by the 1949-50 Chilean Antarctic Expedition and named after the elder daughter of First Lieutenant Venturini, a member of the expedition.
Anacapa Island is a small volcanic island located about 11 miles off the coast of Port Hueneme, California, in Ventura County.
Administratively, it is part of the community of Olympos.
The village of Lovund is located in the northeastern part of the island.
The island group was named in 1770 by James Cook.
Yule Island is a small island in Central Province, Papua New Guinea.
One of the larger members of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago, Southampton Island is part of the Kivalliq Region in Nunavut, Canada.
Megatzedes, is an uninhabited Greek islet, in the Aegean Sea, close to the eastern coast of Crete.
The island is notable for its unique indigenous system of labor-intensive mixed farming, using advanced agricultural techniques, and a correspondingly high population density.
South Andaman Island is the southernmost island of the Great Andaman and is home to the majority of the population of the Andaman Islands.
According to the 2016 census, the island-district of Gökçeada has a population of 8,776.
Curry Island is an irregularly shaped, uninhabited island located in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada.
Flaherty Island faces it across Omarolluk Sound all along its western side.
Only the area around the village is cultivated.
The main settlement is Tumukuru, and the total population was 287 in the 2012 census.
The highest point of the island is Pico Navarino at 1,195 m. The island is a popular destination for fly-fishers.
It has a land area of 69.29 hectares.
Gallinara or Isola d'Albenga lies in the Ligurian Sea off the coast of Albenga in the Province of Savona, Liguria, Italy.
Todd Island is a small island in Beaverlodge Lake, Northern Saskatchewan, Canada.
Iriomote Island is the largest of the Yaeyama Islands and the second largest in Okinawa Prefecture after Okinawa Island itself.
Middle Island is an island off the south coast of Western Australia in the Recherche Archipelago.
It has a length of 2.5 kilometres, and measures only 500 metres at its widest point.
Skjervøya is an island in the municipality of Skjervøy in Troms county, Norway.
The residents of the island live mostly on the eastern coast, across the fjord from Nesna village.
Lapp's Island was once an island in the River Lee.
Rangiroa or Te Kokōta, is the largest atoll in the Tuamotus, and one of the largest in the world.
It is 311 hectares and 32 metres at its highest point.
Lombok is an island in West Nusa Tenggara province, Indonesia.
Närsholmen was an island until the 18th century.
The island is part of Îles Laval which is linked to Île Jésus, Quebec, Canada.
Grenadier Island is a 1,290-acre island located two miles out from Mud Bay in the town of Cape Vincent, Jefferson County, New York, United States.
Ada Bojana long sandy beach with traditional seafood restaurants.
With an area of 690 hectares, is the fourteenth largest.
Krøttøya is located in the municipality of Harstad in Troms county, Norway.
The island was used intermittently from the 1940s until 1988 as a bombing and shelling target by the Australian airforce and navy.
Other offshore corporations also have offices on the southeast part of the island.
The largest village area on the island is on the central part of the eastern coastline of Dyrøya, including Holm, where Dyrøy Church is located.
The second islet is known today as Leon.
The island consists of two municipalities: José Santos Guardiola in the east and Roatán, including the Cayos Cochinos, further south in the west.
In 2011, singer Lykke Li filmed the video for her song "I Follow Rivers", on Närsholmen.
The island overlooks one of the great whale migration routes, most notably for humpback whales.
The neighboring islands and islets have similar landforms.
It was charted by the Belgian Antarctic Expedition under Adrien de Gerlache, 1897–1899.
The island is still uninhabited although a building cooperative of Emporiki Bank is developed in the island.
The highest point of Mutton Bird Island is 40 metres above sea level.
Banks Island is an island on the coast of the Canadian province of British Columbia.
Not to be confused with Ontario's Stag Island.
Havøysund is the administrative centre of Måsøy, and the main population centre of the municipality.
Bartolomé Island is a volcanic islet in the Galápagos Islands group.
Until 1854 Toten Island was still inhabited by people.
It received the name "Columbia Island" about 1918.
Loppa is an island in the municipality of Loppa in Finnmark county, Norway.
Novaya Zemlya was a sensitive military area during the Cold War years and it is still used today.
Easdale is one of the Slate Islands, in the Firth of Lorn, Scotland.
The islands lie to the south of the Joinville Island group.
The 2000 census recorded 20 persons living on the island.
Grahams Island State Park is in the Southeast.
nor was a doubt, After strict question, left within my mind That he and his supporters all were fallen.
However most of the land has been returned to the Kaurareg people, who are the traditional owners of the island.
It lies just off Victoria Island's Storkerson Peninsula, separated by the Goldsmith Channel.
For many years, Koh Russey served exclusively as a small outpost of the Cambodian Navy.
The island has little vegetation, with a hot and dry climate that is not very hospitable to human life.
This changes both their location and surface area.
The island is home to a reindeer reserve.
The climate is cool and temperate and much influenced by the surrounding seas.
The island is protected by the Reserva Natural Caja de Muertos natural reserve, because of its native turtle traffic.
Male frigates can puff up their scarlet throat sacks to resemble giant red balloons.
Many rare and endangered species, including large and small Amu Darya shovelnose, golden eagles, black storks, jungle cat, dressing, Asian otters, etc.
It is a Baffin Island offshore island located in Frobisher Bay, southeast of the capital city of Iqaluit.
The islands are a popular destination for tourists.
The island has served as a seasonal private residence and farm since 1978.
After the Hudson Bay expedition the French planned to send their prisoners there.
Water Island, U.S. Virgin Islands was acquired by the USA in 1917 from Denmark but continued to be owned by a corporation until several decades later.
Vardøya is an island in Vardø Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.
The island is now uninhabited, with the exception of the wardens.
There are eight Meriam clans: Komet, Zagareb, Meuram, Magaram, Geuram, Peibre, Meriam-Samsep, Piadram, and Dauer Meriam.
A beached loch and a low area divide the island nearly into three separate parts.
During low tide the area of the island can grow up to 3 km², while during high tide it shrinks down to only 1.4 km².
Prince of Wales Island is one of the islands of the Alexander Archipelago in the Alaska Panhandle.
One of the Slate Islands, Insh Island lies a mile northeast of Ellenabeich in Seil.
The Maatsuyker Island Lighthouse, the southern-most Australian lighthouse, is located on the southern tip of the island.
The economy of Cozumel is based on tourism.
Anaa, Nganaa-nui is an atoll in the Tuamotu archipelago, in French Polynesia.
Most of the other islands are accessible only by boat.
It is 3 km2 in size, and is situated 15 km east of North Twin Island.
It was, with Bernier Island, a lock hospital location in the early 1900s.
Chaplin, who in 1930 gave the name Johannesen Point to a feature on this same stretch of coast.
Louise Island is a 272-square-kilometre island in Haida Gwaii, in British Columbia, Canada, off the east coast of Moresby Island.
Stuart Island is one of the Discovery Islands of British Columbia, which lie between northern Vancouver Island and the British Columbia Coast.
Isla Chañaral is located 6 km off-shore from the northern Central Chilean coast, some 100 km north of the city of La Serena.
The local sports team is IL Valder.
Although the area is separated from mainland Jutland by the Limfjord, it is traditionally regarded as a part of Jutland rather than an island.
The Finnøyfjorden lies between Fogn and Finnøy and the Fognafjorden lies between Fogn and the mainland to the southeast.
It is 14 km in length and has an average width of 2.6 km.
Three crosses are located on the island commemorating Australian expeditioners who have died while at Davis Station.
Originally the site of a monastic settlement, the island is dominated by an 18th-century star fort named Fort Mitchel.
