He also made guest appearances in the TV series The Mystery Files of Shelby Woo, The Hunger, and Emily of New Moon.
He started there in the press gallery, and subsequently, in 1882, became their dramatic critic.
Previously he was a reporter for the National Post.
Max Haines is a syndicated crime columnist.
Alex Nunns is a British writer, editor, political activist and musician.
Fox's book on Fats Waller was published in 1960. in 1972 he authored a guide to the history of Jazz titled The Jazz Scene.
Trumbull attended the University of Michigan school of journalism.
It was instantly popular and Valente enjoyed a posthumous vogue.
Her autobiographical memoir, Cleaning Up – How I Gave Up Drinking and Lived, was published in January 2008.
He was known as a French conservative.
Joey Slinger is a Canadian journalist and author, particularly known as a long-standing humour columnist for the Toronto Star.
He began writing for Science in 2005.
Kevin John Maguire is a British political journalist and is currently associate editor at the Daily Mirror newspaper.
Douglass was first associated with Barack Obama as a senior strategist and spokeswoman of his presidential campaign.
He turned this publication over to Honoré Beaugrand in August 1879.
He retired from the RAF in 1945 with the rank of Wing Commander, and took a job as a journalist with Reuters.
Then from 1970 to 1979, Franken was a news reporter at WJW-TV, then a CBS-TV affiliate in Cleveland.
He is the author of Stealing Secrets, Telling Lies: How Spies and Codebreakers Helped Shape the Twentieth century.
Prior to TV Guide, Bernhard was a correspondent for E!’s Gossip Show and also had stints with Romance Classics, Total TV, and The Cable Guide.
His photography has appeared in numerous books and publications.
She wrote The Sleuth for washingtonpost.com and contributed to the print edition of the Washington Post.
Rahul Mahajan is an American blogger, author, and educator.
During the Arab Spring Roussinos travelled extensively with anti-government fighters in Libya and Syria as well as travelling to Mali, Sudan, South Sudan and Lebanon.
In 2000, while working as a radio journalist for the BBC he was sent to interview Liz Jones, then editor of Marie Claire.
He was a newspaperman from Prince Edward Island.
Katherine Stewart is an American journalist and author.
In 2015 he finished the authorized biography of Suicide.
He sometimes wrote under the pseudonym Bernard Blackmantle.
Working with transmission engineer and designer Valerio Colotti, he became a partner of Colotti-Francis, and moved to Italy.
Fortas, accused of having taken $20,000 from stock swindler Louis Wolfson in 1966, resigned nine days after Lambert's story appeared.
After leaving Oxford, she worked for a short while as a researcher in the House of Commons for a Member of Parliament.
Gina Cavallaro is an American journalist and author who has covered the U.S. military in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Bibi van der Zee is a political activist and journalist.
Matt is now a freelance journalist and film-maker working for the BBC and corporate clients.
Kate Wheeler is a Canadian television reporter and news anchor.
Earlier in her career, She was the anchor of Global BC News Hour Final weeknights at 11 until 1998.
She became a Roman Catholic nun, teaching high school and working part-time for local radio stations as a commentator on religion and theology.
Henry Blue Kline was an American writer.
He is the creator of the pop music-based blog Popjustice.
David M. Grossman is a British journalist who has worked extensively for the BBC, and was a Political Correspondent for BBC Two's current affairs programme Newsnight.
For several years in the late 1980s she co-anchored evening newscasts on CJOH-TV in Ottawa with Max Keeping.
David Bond is an English public relations consultant and former sports journalist.
She is a contributing writer for Religion Dispatches, writing on the intersections of religion and politics.
He has written extensively about the Land Speed Record.
Those funds were then matched by the Canadian government.
Prior to his television career, Shaw worked at local radio station CHFI-FM.
Barrett was a Fellow with The Nation Institute and contributor to Newsweek.
Shapiro is also the founding editor of ParentsCanada magazine.
He will no longer be seen on KING-TV, after 25 years with the station He lives in Redmond, Washington.
'Almost Heaven' was shortlisted for the Thomas Cook Travel Book Award 2000 .
He was not married and died in Montreal.
Ryan Gabrielson is an American investigative journalist.
Before that she worked as a reporter and anchor for CKY in Winnipeg, Manitoba.
Reynolds became the radio critic of The Daily Telegraph in 1975; she previously held the same post at The Guardian for seven years from 1967.
In SI's 2011 Media Awards, Bunin was declared one of the "Twelve Broadcasters Viewers Deserve More Of In 2012."
Giles studied physics at the University of Bristol.
Joie Davidow is an author and editor best known as co-founder of the L.A.Weekly and L.A.
He has also worked as a translator for English subtitles on films from Hong Kong, Japan, Korea, Taiwan and Thailand.
Chassay is descended from British Prime Minister Lord North and abolitionist Senator Hannibal Hamlin, who served as vice president to Abraham Lincoln.
After a spell with the Newcastle Daily Leader, he joined the Daily Telegraph in 1902.
He is a contributing editor of American Heritage magazine, and regularly writes about sports for the Wall Street Journal and The Atlantic.
Dr Simon Brooks is a Welsh academic and writer.
Besides hockey, he also covered boxing and thoroughbred racing.
Previous to hosting his own show, he co-hosted the afternoon drive time show "The World Today" with Jon McComb, who is the current solo host.
Michael Coveney is a British theatre critic.
Rafael Quiñones Vidal was a journalist and a radio and television Master of Ceremonies.
Previously, he covered Africa for seven years, based in London and Johannesburg.
He currently serves as a writer for the religion and obituary sections of The New York Times.
Martin Dunn is a British journalist and former newspaper editor.
She has written reviews for the Sunday Book Review section since 2002.
He joined the Daily Telegraph in 1958.
Sean Ingle is an award-winning British journalist.
He was known for his eccentric behaviour, fondness for long walks and insomnia.
Valentine "Val" Edward Martin Lamb was a British journalist who was editor of The Irish Field from 1970 to 2003.
Richard Lee Strout was an American journalist and commentator.
Clyne graduated in the Class of 2003 at Yale University and wrote for the Yale Daily News.
He joined the Times in March 1999.
Martha Rose Shulman is an American cookbook author, cooking teacher and food columnist for The New York Times.
Elinor Mary Goodman is a UK journalist, best known as political editor of Channel 4 News from 1988 to 2005.
Philip Howard was a distinguished British journalist who worked for over fifty years at The Times.
He subsequently attended the graduate program in fiction writing at New York University.
Smart, original, and utterly delightful, this is Weiner’s best book yet.”
The channel ceased operations in 2003, and Prestedge rejoined the CBC in a management role.
Dickinson was awarded the Young Sports Writer of the Year in 1993.
A graduate of Cambridge University Dickinson worked for the Cambridge Evening News until he joined the Daily Express in 1991.
Born in Sussex, England, he emigrated in the 1820s to Virginia.
Her mother was a cleaner and her father a lorry driver.
Originally from Monroe, MI, Poniewozik attended the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, graduating with a BA in English.
In 2010 he became a John S. Knight Fellow at Stanford University.
Marks was educated at the Irish College in Gibraltar, the French lycée in Madrid, Aldenham School and Magdalene College, Cambridge.
She was 60 years old when she died from complications of her injuries, in Victoria, British Columbia.
This was featured in an Ideas series entitled Red Man, White World.
In January 2017, Meyerson launched an independent news site, Chicago Public Square.
He wrote several books, including one on Robert Ménard and Reporters without Borders, and one on Luis Posada Carriles.
As well as vast journalistic experience of Northern Ireland he has also been engaged on operations, exercises and training around the world.
In 2008, Sloan won the Gerald Loeb Award for the seventh time.
Martin Vander Weyer is a British financial journalist, business editor of The Spectator, and a leading figure within the British-American Project.
She was previously a reporter at The Boston Globe, where she was responsible for covering education and special projects.
Ararat, the award-winning film by Atom Egoyan and Miramax, was partly inspired by Black Angel.
In 1976 she became one of the main regular presenters of BBC Radio 4's Analysis series of analytical authored current-affairs documentaries.
In September 2014, Hughes' first book, Pretty Honest, was published by the 4th Estate division of HarperCollins.
He also edited The Outlook from 1924 to 1928 and The Saturday Review from 1930.
She was born and raised in the Montreal suburb of Brossard, Quebec.
Laurie Hays is an American journalist at Bloomberg News, where she currently serves as senior executive editor for beat reporting.
to distinguish himself from another Alexander Begg also working as a journalist in Victoria at the time.
Some accounts even claim that Clough hated Hamilton.
It runs in 14 newspapers throughout the United States.
He served as associate editor of the Free Press from 1946 to 1948, then as editor from 1948 to 1954.
At the 2008 Canadian Association of Broadcasters Convention, Shaw was the recipient of the 2008 Gold Ribbon Award for Outstanding Community Service by an Individual Broadcaster.
Dispatches was launched on CBC Radio in 2001.
Previously he was lead analyst for the Infoworld Test Center.
and was an editor of Sounds music magazine.
The series was also shortlisted for the Gerald Loeb Award for Distinguished Business and Financial Journalism.
Valerie Grove is a British journalist and author, who for many years worked as a feature writer, interviewer and columnist for The Times newspaper.
On July 14, 2006, it was announced that Dreger would leave Sportsnet and join TSN on July 31, 2006, hence 'crossing the parking lot'.
George H. Clements was the manager of several newspapers including the St. Louis Star, The Milwaukee Sentinel and The Fourth Estate.
She also worked briefly for the Daily Express in the 1960s.
In October 2008, she wrote an article for The Guardian about her alma mater: "Oxford is hellish.
She is married to composer Rolf Gehlhaar.
Anna Blundy studied Russian at University College, Oxford.
From 1998 to 2012, he was associate editor and member of the editorial board for The Oregonian in Portland.
A second book, The Worst of Rugby, was published later that year.
In 1870, aged 18, Meynell became a convert to Roman Catholicism.
After graduation, he spent a year producing a magazine on sport in London.
He is married to writer Amy Jenkins and they have one child.
He covered topics and issues regarding naval architecture, entertainment, music, literature, technology and politics.
Anthony Joseph is a journalist for the MailOnline.
He was editor of Rugby World magazine and the IRB World Rugby Yearbook.
Her work has been nominated for a Gemini Award for best local reporting.
In January 2010, she was honored by the National Organization of Italian American Women as one of its "Three Wise Women" of 2009.
In 1722 the editorship passed to Green, the paper’s printer.
Pringle is also an official spokesperson for the Canadian Foundation for AIDS Research.
He is also the voice of the announcer on Baking W/ Mercury.
Bond joined the Miltown public relations agency in 2014.
He is most notable for his associations with the Canadian Cable Public Affairs Channel, the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation and CHEZ-FM radio.
He was named feature writer of the year in the 2015 British Press Awards.
In 1966 he authored his biography Alf Francis: Racing Mechanic with journalist Peter Lewis.
There are also a number of prisoners, including police killer David Bieber, whose sentences have been reduced on appeal.
Hirsh called Spencer a Nazi after Spencer declared "Hail Trump!"
In 1990 he was inducted into the Milwaukee Press Club Hall of Fame.
He studied the piano with his father and later was a pupil of Henri Gagnon on that instrument.
undergraduate study program level in 1972, when he must have been about twenty two years of age, barely a little older than some of his students.
Since the summer of 1993, he has lived in Moscow.
In 1998 he was posted to Santiago, Chile to work as the BBC's South America Correspondent.
Her radio appearances included a guest spot on the BBC Radio 4 comedy programme Just a Minute.
She was the subject of a story, "Everybody Sure Glad," by Dora Jane Hamblin in Life magazine in 1965.
He died at Lord's after watching a day's cricket.
2015 Winner Registered Nurses’ Association of Ontario Award for Excellence in Health Care Reporting for “Butterfly Child”
Geoff Wolinetz is a writer and co-founder of Yankee Pot Roast, an online magazine devoted to literary and pop-culture satire.
Angie Sammons is the editor of Liverpool Confidential].
He founded the New York publications The Round Table and the New York Evening Mail.
He was a Japan Society Fellow in 1998.
He is the chief political commentator for The Independent, and is seen as a "Labour-leaning journalist".
He was editor of The Sydney Morning Herald from September 2005 until December 2008.
Born in Boston he studied at Harvard University and received a BA degree in 1910, a MA degree in 1911 and a PhD in 1912.
Isabel Nancy Hilton OBE is a Scottish journalist and broadcaster based in London.
He was also a daily contributor to national network CTV’s morning flagship program, Canada AM.
Steve Bunin is an Emmy Award-winning morning news anchor for Seattle NBC station KING-TV.
From 2004-2007, he was BNN's London Bureau Chief.
The ball was later given back to the rookie shortstop.
He has written a number of books including a collaboration to publish a 2004 biography of Ayrton Senna, The Life of Senna.
In April 2009 he and his wife were recognized by the Dalai Lama as one of 2009's "Unsung Heroes of Compassion".
He stood down in the wake of the Hitler Diaries scandal.
Between 1986 and 1990 Glover was Foreign Editor of The Independent.
One of her most popular essays, "The Death of Common Sense", written in 1998, continues to be circulated around the world.
In 2014, she appeared in The Life of Rock with Brian Pern as herself.
Au has been with CFMT since the late 1980s and is the longest-serving member of the news team.
Wilson died shortly after receiving the 1942 Pulitzer Prize.
Pick is the Arts & Culture Programme Director at the Institute for Strategic Dialogue, an independent think-tank based in London.
He wrote for Smash Hits and The Face in the 1980s, and wrote a book about 1980s pop entitled Like Punk Never Happened.
After this he turned to journalism when he became the radio critic for Sunday Empire News.
Julie Marion MacDonald is a Scottish journalist and presenter, currently working freelance with Al Jazeera English and Channel 5.
Derek Bishton is an English journalist and photographer.
Andy Bell is a British journalist and Political Editor employed by ITN's Five News since April 1999.
Matt Dickinson is an English sports journalist, currently football correspondent of The Times.
He has won numerous awards including two Gemini Awards and a Canadian Screen Award.
He was also previously the host of AutoShop.
Frank also wrote for Life and Fortune.
He used to regularly judge horse shows in the UK.
He was Political Editor of "The Guardian" from 2006–2015  and was formerly the newspaper's Chief Political Correspondent for two periods, from 1988–1996, and 2000–2006.
He helped negotiate the Laurel–Langley Agreement with the Philippines, signed in 1955.
George Arney is a journalist for BBC and was until 2009 one of the hosts of The World Today and Outlook on the BBC World Service.
De Koningh wrote books, articles and reviews in UK musical magazines and also linernotes for reggae albums, sometimes under the name of Door Peeper.
Chvostek's photos have appeared in the Toronto Star, Good Times Magazine, the National Post, Forever Young, Tandem, Tourist and in Florida, Eh?
Descôteaux also developed the presence of the newspaper on the Internet.
He is the managing editor of The Social Contract, a public-affairs quarterly journal and briefly served as communications director of the National Policy Institute.
Jonah Barrington was also a record presenter in the pre-1955 days .
Norvell's blog and column at Fox News, entitled "Tongue Tied", details incidents of what he considers extreme "political correctness".
He is now married to Global National News anchor, Dawna Frisen.
Her mother obtained a visa and joined her three months later.
Prior to Ontario Today, Rita held a number of positions at CBC on both radio and television, including anchor of CBC Ottawa's supper hour news.
She has worked for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation and its main rival CTV.
She worked for a number of newspapers and magazines, most notably as the editor of British Vogue from 1960-1964.
He edited The Daily Record newspaper for nine years and The Scotsman newspaper from 1956 to 1972.
Edward M. Kingsbury was a journalist and reviewer who won a Pulitzer Prize for Editorial Writing.
Matossian broadcasts on the BBC and contributes to several newspapers and magazines, including The Independent, The Guardian, The Economist, and The Observer.
After giving birth to her first child in 2009, she has since been freelance, working for: The Times, The Observer, The Sunday Times and Intelligent Life.
Allan Sloan is an American journalist, formerly senior editor at large at Fortune magazine.
She reports for all ABC News programs and platforms, including "Good Morning America," "World News Tonight with David Muir," "Nightline" and "20/20."
She left the Wall Street Journal for Politico in 2007.
Ben C. Solomon, is an American video journalist and filmmaker who reports for The New York Times.
He was LWT's first deputy managing director, becoming both chairman and chief executive of the company within two years.
Most notably, Bernhard oversaw the magazine’s stand-alone issue, “This Is Elvis,” which marked the 25th anniversary of Elvis Presley’s death.
At age 28, Amy Schrier founded Blue, the Adventure Lifestyle magazine in 1997.
Jimmy McDonough is a biographer and journalist.
Between 2007 and 2015 he was the Chief Editor at NHS Choices.
From January 2009 to April 2010, Cook was managing director of video game public relations firm Ink Media.
He has written several books, including the cult classic James Dean, the Mutant King, as well as co-writing Paul Anka's autobiography My Way.
He is currently the co-anchor on Sky News Sunrise since 17 October 2016.
He has written more than 20 books on a variety of subjects, including novels, personal finance, investing and Christmas trivia.
On 21 January 2012, a memorial service was held for Phillip in Long Sutton, Lincolnshire, United Kingdom.
John Mullaly, known as father of the Bronx's park system, was a newspaper reporter and editor who was instrumental in forming the New York Park Association.
Heath was born in Mulhouse in Alsace, France to a part-British family.
He later served as a key advisor to Primer Minister Lester Pearson, and was the architect of the federal Liberal revival of the 1960s.
Jean accepted a retirement buy-out by Tegna, formerly Gannett, in April 2016.
In 2006, his column on politics, "Clout", was named "best newspaper column" in Philadelphia magazine's annual "Best of Philly" issue.
Henry Southworth Allen is an American journalist, poet, artist, and critic.
In 1995 he edited the first edition of the Financial Times.
Lorrie Lynch was the senior editor and personalities columnist for USA Weekend Magazine through 2009.
Ferdinand Gagnon was a Canadian born American journalist.
By 1969 he was working for The Times on the Labour relations desk, later becoming Labour editor.
Ann Brill is the Dean of the School of Journalism at the University of Kansas.
They married, cofounded a homeless shelter in downtown Toronto in 1985, and subsequently moved to Cobalt in 1990.
Michael E. Sprengelmeyer is an American newspaper reporter.
He has also won the Gold Ribbon Award from the Canadian Association of Broadcasters, the Charles Lynch Award from the National Press Gallery.
Before that, he was an award-winning journalist on the Chicago Daily News.
He covers public-sector workers, UNITE HERE, postal workers, and health care.
Robin Brown is a Canadian radio journalist.
Sean Howe is an American journalist and writer.
He has more recently written for The Sun, The Times and The Sunday Times.
1989 Winner - RTNDA Dan McArthur Award - "Neonatal Crisis" Global Television News
As a result of this interview, it was realised that the cash haul was a great deal more than had at first been estimated.
Staci-Lyn Honda is former general assignment reporter for WSYR-TV, ABC affiliate, in Syracuse, New York.
Before going to Buffalo, the Baldwin-Wallace College grad covered hockey, UNLV sports and sports broadcasting for the Las Vegas Sun.
His most recent book, Angry Wind, is about a challenging raft trip down Russia's Lena River.
After finishing Columbia University’s School of Journalism, and the Columbia University School of International and Public Affairs, Onaran began working as a reporter.
Beirness and Staniszewski formed Sportscentre's first ever female anchor team.
A recipient of numerous journalism awards, he was inducted into the Chicago Journalism Hall of Fame in 2004.
The book was a finalist for an Edgar Award, sponsored by Mystery Writers of America.
He graduated from Yale and received master's degrees in journalism with honors and a masters in International Affairs from Columbia University.
His latest book, Bloggers on the Bus, covers the growing role of blogs in US politics.
Terence P. Jeffrey is editor-in-chief of the conservative United States Internet news service CNSNews.com, a position he assumed in September 2007.
He also completed the three volumes on the life of the Irish Unionist leader Sir Edward Carson, the first volume being the work of Edward Marjoribanks.
An MI5 file on White which reveals the intelligence agency suspected him of being a Communist was recently opened at the National Archives at Kew.
She edited The Best of Rhizome 2012, published through LINK Editions/LINK Center for the Arts.
She currently lives in Vancouver, and enjoys spending time with her family and doing leisurely activities.
Jane Taber is a Canadian journalist, born in 1957 and former co-host of CTV's Question Period with Craig Oliver.
However, it foundered almost from the very beginning due to a lack of investment, combined with an increase in business coverage by the existing Sunday newspapers.
In 1928, he started a job as a radio announcer at CKGW in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Roebuck was educated at Giggleswick School in North Yorkshire, also the alma mater of Keith Duckworth, another well-known figure in Formula One.
Joseph Gales became his assistant in 1807 and sole proprietor in 1810.
Alasdair Fotheringham is a British foreign affairs and sports journalist, specializing in cycle racing.
After Hewlett-Packard challenged the author's sources, MIT Technology Review retracted the article.
Gillian Reynolds MBE is a British radio critic, journalist and broadcaster.
Florence Fabricant is a food critic for The New York Times living in Manhattan, New York and East Hampton.
She attended Phillips Academy in Andover, Mass., her hometown.
He worked for the new company as a reporter.
Prior to this position, he was the Supervising Editor of National Public Radio's Economic Training Project.
The top of the site quotes the First Amendment to the United States Constitution.
The Pennsylvania Report named him to the 2009 "The Pennsylvania Report 100" list of influential figures in Pennsylvania politics, calling him a "pre-eminent Harrisburg political journalist."
He moved to an "Editor Emeritus" post in April 2017, and was replaced as editor by Allister Heath.
His military and family background stood him in good stead for a future writing career about dangerous places, difficult situations, espionage and intrigue.
His book The Likes Of Us: A Biography of the White Working Class won the George Orwell Prize in 2005.
Kaplan was born to a Jewish family and is a graduate of Columbia University, Oxford, and the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies.
Nil Köksal is a Turkish-born Canadian television journalist.
She was also a reporter, host and anchor for CTV's Canada AM, as well as the parliamentary bureau representative for the Global Television Network.
Desmond Dearlove is a British management journalist and business theorist, known for his work on the history and state of the art of management theory.
He began researching murders from around the world, past and present, as a hobby.
He also contributes to ITV News national output.
She formed Monologue Books to market these and to self-publish a memoir of her friend Alison Cairns.
Alongside sports reporting duties, he is also a stand-in presenter for the programme.
Paul Vitello is an American journalist who has been actively reporting for a variety of publications since 1975.
He became well known as a broadcaster and travelled the world as a BBC correspondent.
Jack Wasserman was a nightlife and celebrity columnist for the Vancouver Sun newspaper from 1949 until his death.
with Kate Wheeler and Christine Bentley moved to the Jewel Radio Network starting July 9, 2016
Along with these duties, Gaskell also occasionally presents sports bulletins on the BBC News Channel
In 1837-1838 Earle was a delegate to the convention to revise Pennsylvania's constitution.
Courteney has appeared many times on TV and radio, and regularly lectures in the UK and overseas.
In addition, Ed Bott has written more than 25 books over the course of his career.
From 1930 to 1933, he taught at the University of Tennessee.
On December 7, 2010, Martin announced her resignation from her position as Anchor on CTV News Vancouver along with her co-host Bill Good.
Adrian Harewood is a Canadian television and radio journalist, and the anchor of CBOT's CBC News: Ottawa at 5/5:30/6 and CBC News: Late Night in Ottawa.
Josephine Au is a veteran news reporter and producer for OMNI.2's OMNI News: Cantonese Edition in Toronto, Ontario.
Turner—no relation to Ted Turner—was a well-known figure throughout the industry for his approach to news.
Murder of Bill Mason is about the shooting death of W.H.
In December 2008, he took over the Trivia Bits column from Stanley Newman.
His most recent book Who on Earth Was Jesus?
More than Meets the Eye: Watching television watching us
He was a reporter for ITV news program Granada Reports and ITV News.
He has since assumed a nuanced position Torres Immigration Plan which supports repatriation of a majority of the undocumented workers.
William Aubrey Cecil Darlington was a British writer and journalist who worked for many years as the drama critic of the Daily Telegraph newspaper.
Marjorie May "Maggie" Siggins is a Canadian journalist and writer.
He has been with The Guardian since 1984 and also wrote regularly for Marxism Today in its later years.
Gold graduated from Columbia University in 1993 with a degree in history.
She lives in Manhattan and Southampton, New York.
An author, Sullivan's first book was released in 2012, and is titled Battle On The Hudson: The Devils, The Rangers, And The NHL's Greatest Series Ever.
As of 2014 Rachel Townsend splits her time between Granada Reports, and ITV News Calendar.
Jim Taricani is a US-based reporter, who served a sentence of six months of home confinement for refusing a court order to divulge a source.
Leander has worked for many other publications, including: MacWeek as a senior reporter, Scientific American, The Observer and The Guardian in London.
He is the former chairman of the Appointments Panel of the IMPRESS Project, the UK independent press regulator.
He then returned to Canada where he was given a job on the daily Edmonton Sun.
Gary Jones is a British journalist, deputy editor of The People since June 2008.
He was awarded a Bachelor's Degree in Physics from Amherst College, and a PhD in Economics from Stanford University.
Martin Wainwright MBE is a British journalist and author.
Jasper has contributed articles and essays to National Public Radio, The Village Voice, VIBE, The Charlotte Observer, The Chicago Sun-Times and Essence among many other publications.
In addition he occasionally contributed to The Guardian, The Sunday Times and The Gramophone.
The Alpine Club of Canada maintains the Elizabeth Parker hut near Lake O'Hara, named in her honour.
Mary Clarke was The Guardian 's dance critic for over 17 years, and editor for 45 years of Dancing Times magazine.
With the AP, Myre was based in Jerusalem, Moscow, Nicosia, Islamabad and Johannesburg.
Lynch also is the author of Exploring Journalism and the Media.
Cormier earned the Judith-Jasmin Award for best feature reporting.
He was The Times correspondent in the Greeco-Turkish war and a foreign news correspondent.
Lee underwent heart surgery on 6 November 2015 and was expected to make a full recovery.
While at TV Guide, Bernhard also made numerous appearances on the Today Show, The View, and Access Hollywood, among others.
Martin defended the shift from journalism to politics.
Marsh then worked for British United Press and Associated Press before joining Reuters and lastly The Daily Telegraph.
She was a member of the judging panel for the 2007 Turner Prize and the panel that awarded Liverpool its Capital of Culture status.
His work focuses mainly on the economic, legal, and social implications of upcoming technologies.
In 1989 he became the first national newspaper ombudsman in the United Kingdom.
Over his career, he worked for 10 editors and publishers, and won the Canadian National Newspaper Award three times.
In 2004, she was mistaken for the blogging prostitute Belle de Jour.
He is also a persistent advocate for bringing Major League Baseball to Portland and a persistent critic of the NCAA.
Long had been nominated the previous year.
Jason Lee Steorts is an American journalist, writer and editor.
The Honourable Jemima Hunt is a British journalist and novelist.
Alana Semuels is a journalist for the The Atlantic in New York, New York.
She wrote the Mr and Mrs Millard marital column in the Body and Soul section of the Saturday Times.
He also had a nine-year stint at The New VR in Barrie, Ontario.
He has also appeared twice on TV-One's Unsung, and will host the forthcoming In-Depth with Havelock Nelson which is currently in pre-production.
Collins is married to newsreader Geeta Guru-Murthy; the couple have two children and live in London.
He was also host of the quiz series TimeChase, and appeared in the feature film Murder at 1600.
He was a Research Fellow in MIT's Center for International Studies from 2005-2007.
His daughter, Kyo Maclear, wrote the novel The Letter Opener, published in Canada by Harper Collins in 2007.
In 2010 she was the 2009 British Press Awards "Interviewer of the Year".
He also provides inside commentary on their Hockey Central panel.
He is the author of four novels: A Friend of Kissinger, Playing from Memory, Eternal People and Color of Law.
The articles formed the basis of Sprigle's 1949 book In the Land of Jim Crow.
Ross also, from time to time, presented the main evening edition of Scotland Today, from its headquarters in Glasgow.
Looking always for honest men, he found but a few in public life whose motives were not those of self-serving expediency; and he said so.
As Group Senior Editor at Future Publishing he oversaw existing titles like SFX, Practical Classics, 3D World and Official Xbox Magazine.
John previously worked as one of the youngest ABC News correspondents in New York City.
His other work includes six years as an editor of Mother Jones magazine, and as a writer for Outside, Wired, and local San Francisco magazines.
For ten years she was a reporter, writer, and editor at Newsweek magazine.
Her parents divorced when she was three years old and she was raised by her mother.
This was a highly informative book about Kuwait describing the transformation of the country over a 25-year period.
He now continues to write for the Edmonton Journal covering the NHL and the Oilers.
Taya Zinkin was a prominent English journalist and author.
Steven Fowle is the current owner, editor, and publisher of America's oldest newspaper, The New Hampshire Gazette.
Barrett authored many articles and books about politicians, especially New York City figures such as Ed Koch, Donald Trump, and Rudy Giuliani.
"William Hickey" is the pseudonymous byline of a gossip column published in the Daily Express, a British newspaper.
Patrick "Pat" Murphy, is an English sports writer and radio broadcaster.
He was BBC correspondent in Pakistan from 1986 to 1988, and BBC correspondent in Sri Lanka from 1994 to 1996.
In 2010, he became the Tyee's first writer in residence.
Simon Pusey is a British journalist and television presenter employed by Arise News.
McDonald was married twice, first to television producer Harry Elton, and later to radio producer Bill Young after Elton's death in 2004.
She was born to Italian and Ecuadorian parents.
Rachel Shabi is a British journalist and author.
At the same time he earned a multidisciplinary master's degree from York University and Osgoode Hall Law School specializing in the history of war crimes.
Philippe Legrain is a British political economist and writer.
She has also contributed to the Daily Mail and the New Statesman.
In 1980, she joined CBC Television's The National as a social affairs reporter.
Richard Ellis is the executive director, editorial for the Telegraph Media Group.
He is a charter member of the United States Basketball Writers Association Hall of Fame.
Paul Nuki is a co-founder and CEO of Stepjockey, a London-based digital health business that promotes stair use in multi-storey buildings.
On April 6, 2001, Tom entered semi-retirement and in November 2007, officially retired from CTV.
Ken McKenzie Trophy – International Hockey League
He ran unsuccessfully for the Ferryland seat in the assembly in 1971 and then was elected again for Conception Bay South in 1975.
Michel David has been a Québécois journalist since 1978, and is a columnist for the Montreal, Canada, newspaper Le Devoir.
Her most famous book is Colour: Travels Through The Paint Box.
John Hamilton Warrack is an English music critic, writer on music, and oboist.
He has published many articles on a variety of subjects.
This groundbreaking study is one of few to have illuminated in advance the social-political forces propelling the political rise of Donald Trump.
Hickman grew up in Cornwall about 400 yards away from what was to become the Eden Project.
In August 2014 Inglis was chosen as a Listed Londoner for BBC London's Robert Elms radio programme.
She published a book about the relationship, The Heart-shaped Bullet in 1999.
His son, William Langewiesche is also a well-known author, journalist and pilot with an award-winning career with the Atlantic Monthly and Vanity Fair magazines.
In late 2013, Bialik was hired by Nate Silver at FiveThirtyEight.com.
Ann Scott Tyson is an American war correspondent, reporting from combat zones since the invasion of Iraq.
Bendavid graduated from Columbia University in 1985 with a degree in political science, and has a master's degree in journalism from Northwestern University.
Rose returned to England in 1962 to become director of Survey of Race Relations, a five-year study into post-war immigration in Britain.
Walter Isaacson, bestselling author of Steve Jobs and The Innovators, says, "Why do certain places produce a spontaneous eruption of creativity?
He was the General Secretary of the National Union of Journalists from 1985 to 1990.
Nicholas Burgess Farrell is an English journalist and the author of Mussolini: A New Life.
He was also a vice-president of the Riding for the Disabled Association and vice-patron of the Horse and Pony Protection Association.
Jurek Martin OBE is a British-born journalist.
David Lawrence Lipsey, Baron Lipsey is a British journalist and Labour Party politician.
Tatton left CNN in January 2010 to join Google/YouTube as a Manager of Global Communications and Public Affairs.
His column appears in the Metro section of the Globe on Mondays and Fridays.
He co-founded and ran McClure's Magazine from 1893 to 1911.
Janet Elizabeth Dyer is an American author and business journalist.
[1] He is a lawyer who previously practiced media, cybersecurity, and privacy law at Covington & Burling LLP and a former journalist.
Cohen has written widely on international affairs and on Canadian politics.
John Hyslop Bell was a Scottish journalist, newspaper owner and editor.
She has written about the Manchester music scene for New Musical Express, and formerly contributed a weekly column in the Manchester Evening News.
She is also a member of Toronto-based pop band The Good Soldiers.
Signed copies are available from Played in Britain [3]
He was scheduled to retire in November 2005 and was succeeded upon his death by Vincent A. Carlin.
In 2005, he was named one of "Pennsylvania's Most Influential Reporters" by the Pennsylvania political news website PoliticsPA.
His work has appeared in the Best American Sports Writing anthology series.
He attended Archbishop Michael Ramsey comprehensive school in Camberwell.
Brown is currently the producer of Windsor Morning, CBC Radio One's local morning program in Windsor.
Terry Leibel is a retired Canadian journalist and former member of the Canadian Equestrian Team.
David Whiteley is the presenter of the BBC TV documentary programme Inside Out - East.
Phinney graduated from the University of California at Berkeley with a dual major in English and Political Science.
His work was complimented by H. L. Mencken, and he moved up to covering state politics.
He holds degrees in English from the University of Wisconsin and the MFA Program for Poets & Writers at the University of Massachusetts Amherst.
The judges said: "He delves beyond the glitzy veneer of modern football to hold the game’s gilded elite to account."
Phil Lavelle is an English TV news presenter and correspondent.
In 1951, he moved to Zürich, Switzerland, to become director of the newly formed International Press Institute.
They had three sons and two daughters.
In September 2014, Tommy was appointed Vice President and London Bureau Chief, overseeing all newsgathering for Europe, the Middle East and Africa.
Paul's older brother, Chris Rauber, is also a journalist.
She is married to photojournalist Kevin Frayer.
John Bauldie was a British journalist, noted as one of the foremost experts on the work of Bob Dylan.
Ali often appears as an expert voice on television.
Simultaneously she had begun a freelance career in journalism and broadcasting.
Mark Hosenball is an American investigative correspondent at Reuters.
She was a strong advocate of free speech, and came to the aid of French war orphans during World War I.
Julian Rubinstein is an award-winning journalist, author, producer and adjunct professor of journalism at Columbia University.
He fashioned his experiences into a book, Return to the Marshes.
Terence "Terry" Dollard Corcoran is columnist and comment editor for the Financial Post section of the Toronto-based National Post.
Paul Hutcheon is a Scottish political journalist who currently serves as Investigations Editor for the Sunday Herald.
Common has worked for CTV News and CBC News.
Since losing her sight as a result of a medical condition her writing has often been related to radio criticism and reviewing of audio books.
Ada Patterson was an American print journalist.
His daughter Amabel married the architect Clough Williams-Ellis.
Jon Anketell Brewer Swain is a British journalist and writer who was portrayed by Julian Sands in the 1984 Oscar-winning film The Killing Fields.
Wired News conducted an internal study, which determined that a number of Delio's 'secondary' sources were unverifiable, but that her 'primary' sources were legitimate.
She spent her early years in Washington, D.C., where her father was a correspondent for Reuters.
This is a list of notable people who attended, or taught at, the University of Wisconsin–Madison:
She excelled at English and art, and had a fine contralto voice.
She has appeared since 2006 on BBC Television's Newsnight Review and its successor The Review Show.
Between 2005 and 2010 he was employed as the chief rock critic of The Times and presented The Times' weekly music podcast for Sounds Music supplement.
Along with Ted Spiker, Nicole contributed to an advice column on the Women's Health website.
Since 1971 he has reported on Formula One, and is considered one of the sport's most influential writers.
His time at The Spectator is best remembered for his support of Enoch Powell and his appointment of Peter Ackroyd as its literary critic.
After his graduation and discharge from the Army, Langley worked for the Manchester Union Leader.
At the Post, he was known as an expert on crime and the Mafia.
He is the Quebec affairs columnist for the Montreal Gazette.
Julia Keller is a Pulitzer Prize-winning American writer and former journalist.
Langley served on multiple municipal and state conventions, authoring many New Hampshire laws tackling minimum wage, unemployment, zoning, licensing, and tax codes.
John Ferguson Nisbet, was a Scottish journalist, primarily known as dramatic critic for The Times and as a writer.
He is a native of Ohio and attended Miami University.
Buckner currently hosts Dragons' Den, CBC's hit reality program, and is a member of CBC News' business team.
From 1999 to 2005, Gifford was the China correspondent for National Public Radio.
Popjustice won in the Best Online Music Publication category.
Gosztola has interviewed on Democracy Now!, The Real News, CounterSpin, Frontline, The Young Turks, and other shows and media outlets.
Anjana Ahuja is a British Indian science journalist and a former columnist for The Times.
The book describes a period in Bishop-Stall's life during which he voluntarily gave up his old life and spent a year living in Toronto's Tent City.
In September 2010, Imlach resumed presenting duties on Channel 4's coverage of American Football, but was replaced by Danny Kelly ahead of the 2011 season.
Born in Detroit, Michigan, she immigrated to British Columbia, and joined Victoria's CHEK-TV as a co-host and producer in 1975.
Born in Staffordshire, she moved to Invergordon in the Scottish Highlands aged 9 where her parents ran a hotel.
Charlotte Eagar has been a journalist for over 25 years, since covering the Romanian revolution as a freelancer for the Scotsman, whilst still at university.
He is a supporter of Tottenham Hotspur F.C.
Lyons wrote articles and columns for the Boston Globe starting in the 1920s.
In 2003, Scarborough was a Hoover Institution Media Fellow.
As a prominent writer on Apple- and Mac-related topics, Kahney was once theorized to be the identity of Fake Steve Jobs.
He is currently with CGTN where he works as their Los Angeles Correspondent.
Tony Ageh OBE, is the New York Public Library's Chief Digital Officer having previously been Controller of Archive Development at the BBC.
Shrapnel broadcast on the BBC World Service, presenting British social and political life.
Giblin also won a George Polk Award for Justice Reporting in 2008.
Clarke earned an English Literature degree from the University of London and began his journalistic career with local newspapers in Somerset and Bristol.
Deepak Colundalur Ananthapadmanabha is an online journalist and comedian based in New York City who hosted "The Circuit", a weekly online show on MOJO HD.
These articles were lead article and often the only original article in one of England's most popular newspapers, the London Journal.
Linzie Janis is an American television journalist.
She spent her childhood in Cyprus with her Armenian family.
He was known for his coverage of controversial topics such as Nazi war criminals living in Canada and gun control.
William Reginald Hipwell or Reg Hipwell was a populist forces journalist and parliamentary candidate.
Stephen Trumbull was a political reporter at the Miami Herald.
Names are reported under the date of death.
Birkbeck's biography on Sammy Davis, Jr., Deconstructing Sammy: Music, Money, Madness and the Mob has been optioned for film and tv by producer Byron Allen .
He earned his bachelor's degree in journalism and political science in 1983 from the University of Oregon.
Matthew Stadlen is an English radio and television presenter, producer and writer.
She co-authored Who Killed Ty Conn with Linden MacIntyre.
At that time, he was also active in Canada's centre-left New Democratic Party.
He joined the Toronto Star as an editor the following year, later returning to column writing as the paper's national affairs columnist.
William Jeffrey Prowse, often known as Jeff Prowse was an English journalist, poet, humorist and lyricist.
Rosie DiManno is a Canadian journalist who has worked at the Toronto Star since beginning her career in 1975.
William Winston Seaton was an American journalist and the thirteenth Mayor of Washington, D.C.
Kathryn Alexandra Flett is a British TV critic, author, and star of the BBC's Grumpy Old Women series.
Carol Goar is a Canadian journalist and was an editorial columnist for the Toronto Star until April 2016.
2012 Winner Registered Nurses Association of Ontario Awards for Health Care reporting "Seniors Poverty Lottery"
Preuss was a layman in St Louis.
Appointed to her post in 2002, she has also been her newspaper's poetry editor, leader writer, deputy comment editor, obituary writer and deputy books editor.
He received, with two co-writers, an award from the Governor-General of Canada for a series of articles about Montreal architecture.
They estimate the monthly return that each key asset class offers.
Terry Donnelly is a Canadian journalist working for CBC Radio One's British Columbia newsroom in Vancouver.
He has written for the British newspapers The Guardian and The Times and is the Features Editor for the industry magazine Building Design.
He joined the Sunday Times in 1994.
He joined the Glasgow Herald as a copy-boy and was one of the first Scottish journalists to bring the Gaelic rock band Runrig to national attention.
His articles have been translated into a dozen different languages for distribution.
Wright testified in the Leveson Inquiry in 2011.
Mary Goldring OBE is a British business journalist and broadcaster.
McAllister is the former sports editor of Canada's national newspaper, The Globe and Mail.
He has written for the Southport Visiter, Liverpool Daily Post, Liverpool Echo, The Times, Daily Telegraph and The Guardian.
His books include: A Deal Undone: The Making and Breaking of the Meech Lake Accord" and Trudeau’s Shadow: The Life and Legacy of Pierre Elliott Trudeau.
In 2004 he was the director of Inside Time, the national publication for UK prisoners.
He was editor of the Dylan fanzine The Telegraph, and was also on the launch staff of Q magazine.
He has previously appeared on The Daily Politics.
In early 2000, he started working for 9feet.com, a startup website based on the 'online shop with editorial content' model, specialising in outdoor gear.
He has also interviewed Howard Zinn and David Dellinger during his career.
He briefly had a show named Wasserman's World on CKNW.
His brother was antarctic explorer and scientist Carl R. Eklund.
Nathaniel Mehr is a leftwing British journalist whose has written for several publications including The Morning Star newspaper and Tribune magazine and Red Pepper.
Josiah Blackburn was a London born and educated journalist who emigrated to Canada West in 1850.
He began writing editorials for the Raleigh News & Observer in 1982 and became a book critic for the paper in 1986.
He also interviewed rapper and fellow Georgian Young Jeezy.
The family moved to London and Proops was educated at Dalston Secondary School.
Wired News amended 24 of Delio's articles, while MIT Technology Review retracted 10 completely.
Streeton's father was a manager for HMV and the BBC.
A. W. Merrick, from Denver, Colorado, published the first newspaper in Deadwood, South Dakota, the Black Hills Pioneer, along with W. A. Laughlin.
In 1999 he was responsible for conducting an interview with England manager, Glenn Hoddle which led to his resignation.
In 1947, he compiled and edited the Radio Who's Who for Pendulum Publications.
Rose Aguilar is a progressive journalist and radio host from San Francisco, California.
Since 2007 he has been a wider correspondent for BBC News.
She studied history and literature at Simon Fraser University and she holds a diploma in broadcast journalism from the British Columbia Institute of Technology.
In addition to The Progressive, Conniff has written for The Nation and the New York Times.
Jeffrey Tayler is a U.S.-born author and journalist.
She writes on the arts, contemporary music, history and Armenia.
Rachel Townsend had not been on-air since September 2014.
He owned the Resort for more than ten years, selling it on October 3, 1972.
John Whitefield Owens was the 1937 Pulitzer Prize winner for editorial writing for his editorials on the Baltimore Sun.
He was appointed in early 2006 to develop the FT's online capability.
Born in Port Arthur, now Thunder Bay, Ontario, he graduated in 1938 from the University of Toronto with a B.Sc.
David Bowie: An Illustrated Record, with Charles Shaar Murray
Dennis Bounds was a weeknight news anchor for KING-TV, a television station in Seattle, Washington.
In 1968, he co-founded the think-tank, the Runnymede Trust with politician Anthony Lester.
Gillian Findlay is a Canadian television journalist who has worked for the CBC and ABC.
Suzanne Fournier is a former Chief of Public Affairs for the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers in Washington, DC.
She also reported for The Weather Network, CHCH-TV and Toronto 1.
Wilder's forthcoming book is Clean Tech Nation: How the U.S. Can Lead in the New Global Economy.
Employed first on the home news desk, she was then deputy world news editor, then the paper's education correspondent, and finally political correspondent.
He has written for all the major UK national newspapers contributing particularly to the Sunday Times, The Observer, Sunday Telegraph and Daily Mail.
Her son is formerThe Walrus editor-in-chief Jonathan Kay.
He was previously senior editor at Conde Nast's now-defunct Portfolio magazine, and a managing editor for Bloomberg News.
Alan Cochrane is Scottish Editor of the British broadsheet newspaper The Daily Telegraph,
Afterwards, she established her reputation as a stringer for NPR on the U.S. Gulf Coast.
In November 2007, Hedger was selected in Hello!
In 1963 Lyons received the Elijah Parish Lovejoy Award as well as an honorary Doctor of Laws degree from Colby College.
Robert Cauthorn headed and launched StarNet, an early online daily newspaper, based on the Arizona Daily Star.
Several years later McClatchy-Tribune News Service began distributing her column throughout the United States and Canada.
The Sudbury, Ontario native studied political science and mass media at York University and graduated with honours there.
He has profiled numerous leaders in science and technology, including Internet pioneers Bob Kahn and Vint Cerf, pacemaker inventor Wilson Greatbatch, and earth scientist Marcia McNutt.
He continues to contribute to the paper on an occasional basis, including a piece about his premature death being falsely reported in this article.
He has degrees in Chinese Studies from Durham University and in Regional Studies from Harvard University.
On August 14, 2008 an interview Blaustein conducted with actor Ernest Borgnine was quoted in the Page Six column of the New York Post.
YYC4Haiti used social media platforms such as Twitter and Facebook to promote the event which garnered attention across Canada and in the United States.
Arthur Preuss was a German American journalist, editor and writer.
George Ffitch was a British newsreader, television presenter, radio personality and journalist.
In between the two Buchanan races, Jeffrey was executive director of Buchanan's foundation, The American Cause.
He is a British writer and a campaigner for democracy.
She also contributed to its sister publication, Women's Health as a Deputy Editor, until she left to work at Cosmopolitan as Executive Editor.
From time to time, she has also co-presented the main edition of the programme.
Some of the most prominent battles included in the book include the Battle of Britain, Battle of the Atlantic, and the Battle of Midway.
Her work has also appeared in Harvard University's Nieman Reports, The Miami Herald, Psychology Today, The Huffington Post and Technology Review, among other publications.
After working as a bicycle messenger, his journalistic career started in 1994 with the UK magazine MTB Pro, on which he worked for five years.
Later she worked for RTV Noord-Holland, Amsterdam FM, SBS Hart van Nederland and since 2007 for commercial newsstation BNR Nieuwsradio.
James Daly is a San Francisco Bay Area journalist and owner of 2030 Media, a content-creation firm in Northern California.
After 17 years with the station, Dome left in March 2014 to join Team Rock full-time.
For his eventual attacks on the government, he was briefly imprisoned, even though he did not actively join the Rebellion of 1837.
Before that, she was the editor of the Marketplace section of The Wall Street Journal.
DiStaso was born in New Jersey and moved to New Hampshire with his wife in 1979.
Campbell began his journalistic career in the late 1930s with Kemsley Newspapers in Glasgow.
She has served as a speechwriter for both First Lady Laura Bush and President George W. Bush.
It topped the most read and most emailed lists for a week.
Ali was born in Los Angeles California.
He formerly chaired the Committee to Protect Journalists and directed International Programs at Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism.
Clarke also reported from contestant Eoghan Quigg's temporary hometown of Derry during the final of series 5 of The X Factor.
He wrote the column three times each week until retiring in 2008.
He has also written for The New York Times, Slate and a number of other publications.
His other interests include cars and aircraft, and he is a regular feature writer for aviation magazines and the deputy editor of FlyPast magazine.
He is the author of the book Nixon at the Movies.
Kim Fletcher is a partner of the international corporate communications firm Brunswick.
Charles R. Cross is a Seattle-based music journalist, author and editor.
After leaving Rolling Stone, Fier edited the Style section of the Washington Post.
Whitehouse studied International History at the London School of Economics and took up a career at the BBC World Service.
His father was Catholic, and of Polish descent.
He was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire in 1981 for services to theatre.
In 2003, Rowland was named the first photo editor in the history of CBC News.
In 2009, Cochrane was herself on the judging panel for that year's Orange Prize for Fiction.
He is a former employee of the Evening Express, Scotland's biggest selling evening newspaper.
Previously, she had been a correspondent for the Los Angeles Times beginning in 1997.
She studied writing at Stanford University and the Iowa Writers Workshop.
His master, Thomas Stockett, was one of four brothers who immigrated from England in 1658 and settled in Baltimore County, Maryland.
He is currently the economics reporter for CBC News, and the host of the business news series On the Money with Peter Armstrong.
As a reporter in the News section she covered national stories and Washington politics.
Oliver was born in Vancouver, British Columbia and grew up in Prince Rupert, British Columbia.
William Horsfall Carter, most commonly known in print as W. Horsfall Carter was a British journalist and European civil servant.
She earned a master's degree in anthropology from Université Laval and is fluent in five languages: English, French, Spanish, Polish and Russian.
She added the duties of anchoring CP24 in January 1998 until 2008 when CTVglobemedia acquired the channel.
He attended Ascot on 18 December where he was reportedly in "sparking form".
In 1997, he was awarded the Churchill Award for Courage by the States of Jersey, for his climb of Everest.
A Japanese Obsession  and the BBC2 series The Accidental Angler.
She joined the Gibraltar Broadcasting Corporation in 2001 as a broadcast journalist in the newsroom.
Winter moved to The Daily Telegraph in 1994.
Ed Tant is a freelance journalist in Athens, Georgia and biweekly columnist for the Athens Banner-Herald newspaper.
David Richard Smith is the Washington correspondent of The Guardian.
After graduation, he became a sportswriter at his hometown paper, The Concord Daily Tribune from 1938-1941, before moving to the Greensboro Daily News.
In 2009 Forbes named her the number 5 most powerful fashion magazine editor.
Since September 2013 he has worked for the UK branch of the World Wide Fund for Nature.
Cecil Rolph Hewitt was a police officer, journalist, editor, and author.
Charles Isherwood is a theater critic best known for his work at The New York Times.
In 2016, it was announced that Nosheen will join CBC Television's newsmagazine series The Fifth Estate as a reporter and cohost in January 2017.
He began to learn Mandarin Chinese in 1987 whilst in China.
He is the Formula One correspondent for The Independent.
After a period as a freelance, he joined The Sun in 1983, as the papers' New York correspondent.
In 2009 she was highly commended in the Feature Writer of the Year category at the British Press Awards.
She is now a full-time professor of writing at Columbia University.
Alan Brien was an English journalist best known for his novel Lenin.
After the death of his first wife, he married fellow journalist Polly Toynbee.
Vik Adhopia is a Canadian journalist who reports from Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada for CBC Radio.
In 2001 he founded openDemocracy with Paul Hilder, Susie Richards and David Hayes and was its Editor and then its Editor-in-Chief until 2007.
Kennicott graduated summa cum laude with a degree in philosophy in 1988.
Fox worked as the jazz critic of the New Statesman.
Clifford Dyce Sharp was a British journalist.
With Stephen A. Kurkjian, Alexander B. Hawes Jr., Nils Bruzelius, and Robert M. Porterfield she won the 1980 Pulitzer Prize for Local Investigative Specialized Reporting.
He has been involved in various anti-racism and workers' rights campaigns in southeastern Michigan, including the campaign to maintain affirmative action at the University of Michigan.
Before starting the Reporter, Rhodes was a reporter for Chicago magazine and wrote "Press Box", a media column on the magazine's Web site.
She then moved into Radio Gibraltar and now co-produces the station's affairs programmes.
The first was a memoir of her childhood, followed by a piece of nature writing based on her life at Cross Farm.
He co-hosts Breakfast Television Toronto alongside Dina Pugliese on Citytv Toronto.
Jim Giles is a journalist and co-founder of MATTER, an online publication specialising in long-form articles on science and technology.
He studied law, afterward engaged in commercial pursuits, and later entered the civil service of the Province of Quebec.
In 2011 Abid was voted number 88 on a list of the 100 "most powerful Arab women".
He is a four-time Gemini Award nominee for best sports host.
William Henry Rideing was an American author with strong connections to England.
According to the paper's publisher, the Post-Gazette had never run a series that received more attention.
Gosztola is from Mishawaka, Indiana and graduated from Columbia College Chicago with a degree in film in 2010.
Michael Stephen "Mike" Clark was a popular newspaper columnist in the 1970s and 1980s.
Cameron graduated from the University of Western Ontario and Fanshawe College's joint Media Theory and Production program.
He made the following comment about CBC management in 2005, following the Corporation's lockout of its workers:
John McVicar is a British journalist and convicted one-time armed robber who escaped from prison.
He is a recipient of several journalism awards.
He also wrote extensively on baseball for the Toronto Star, even well before the city received a Major League team in 1977.
Rupert Cornwell died, aged 71, on 31 March 2017 at Sibley Memorial Hospital in Washington D.C. from cancer.
He then worked as an associate producer, reporter and anchor with CBC Newsworld.
Ellie Tesher is a Canadian journalist and advice columnist.
Parker Ridge, overlooking Saskatchewan Glacier in Banff National Park, was named after Elizabeth Parker.
He was based in London from 1969 to 1971 in the post of the corporation's Assistant Diplomatic Correspondent, becoming the BBC's Rome correspondent in August 1972.
Margerison partnered David Frost to form what became London Weekend Television, a new ITV contractor from August 1968.
John Ardagh was a British journalist, writer and broadcaster.
Bobby became senior editor of the quarterly Medical Marijuana News & Reviews in 2010.
The book was serialized in The Guardian  and became the Channel Four documentary 'The British Working Class', which was written and presented by the author.
He and his wife Heidi live in Chapel Hill.
Goodman attended the Haberdashers' Aske's School in Elstree, Hertfordshire and graduated from Durham University with a degree in Economics.
Rebecca Smith is a reporter in the Los Angeles, California, bureau of the Wall Street Journal.
He was survived by his widow Penny, three children and four grandchildren.
He instructs creative writing classes for the University of Toronto's School of Continuing Studies.
She was host of CBC Radio's weekly show Opera Time from 1962 to 1979, as well as its successor Opera In Stereo from 1979 to 1984.
As well as being the main jazz critic for The Guardian, he publishes a monthly column for the newspaper.
He was for some time on the editorial board of Fortune magazine and was a vigorous opponent of government interference with and distortion of scientific fact.
He is married to journalist and CBC Radio broadcaster Elizabeth Gray.
She is also the author of "America's Vietnam War: A Narrative History for young adults" and "Bophana," which is only available in Cambodia.
She is the mother of CBC News journalist Peter Armstrong.
Zouhali-Worrall and Osit also directed and edited "Games You Can't Win," a short film inspired by the feature for The New York Times Op-Docs.
Ian is known for his catch phrase, "sup?"
He worked on Details magazine and remains a contributing editor there.
Stephen Glover is a British journalist and columnist for the Daily Mail.
Her first husband was celebrated filmmaker Alexander Mackendrick, who produced Whisky Galore, The Ladykillers and A High Wind in Jamaica.
Chedekel graduated from Wesleyan University, in 1982.
Jeffrey was born in San Francisco, California, and graduated in 1981 from Princeton University in New Jersey.
Winters is the author of Left At the Altar: How Democrats Lost The Catholics And How Catholics Can Save The Democrats.
Ascroft worked as a journalist at the Daily Mirror, where she met her second husband, Hugh Cudlipp.
Grose is the editor-in-chief of Lenny Letter, a position she has held since June 2015.
He was on the Orwell Prize's journalism shortlist for 2009,[1] and wrote the award-winning novel Brandenburg, also titled Brandenburg Gate.
At CTV Ottawa, he won an International Edward R. Murrow Award for news reporting.
In 1976 his second book, Kuwait, was published by Macmillan.
Ontario Premier Dalton McGuinty announced [1] Mr. Gherson's appointment, effective April 2, 2007, on March 8, 2007.
He was let go from Sportsnet in July 2006.
She has covered the President of the United States since 2003 and was a lead correspondent for Barack Obama's 2008 presidential campaign.
She also edits El Andar, a magazine of Latino politics and culture.
Marshall joined ITN as a trainee junior producer on the contract to produce news for Five from its launch.
In addition to his writing, Wolinetz also works at Turner Broadcasting Sales, Inc as Vice President of Entertainment Digital Ad Operations.
He wrote regularly for the Evening Standard, Queen magazine, the Daily Mail and Sunday Mirror, among others.
Judith Jasmin was a journalist from Quebec.
He has also been a reporter in the network's sports division.
Lillian Ross is an American journalist and author, who was a staff writer at The New Yorker from 1945 until she retired.
Turner served at CNN until 1998, when he left his position as vice president in charge of news-gathering.
He is also the author of Team Spirit: A Field Guide to Roots Culture, Toronto on Film and Donald Shebib's Goin' Down the Road.
He has written books about Seijun Suzuki, Wong Kar-wai and Rainer Werner Fassbinder.
Marshall became a freelance reporter and producer in 2000, including working for the BBC in Peru.
In 1924, he travelled in the West Indies investigated and reported about rum pirates and Chinese smugglers.
Kabasele was raised in Châteauguay and went to medical school at McGill University where he enjoyed working in campus radio in his spare time.
In 1882, when he lived in Kansas City, Missouri, he was one of the original incorporators of the Kansas City Club.
Kenneth Stonehouse was a British journalist who worked with the Reuters news agency in the United States and Europe.
In 2017, she took up the post of Chief Executive of the Crop Protection Association.
Sue Prestedge is a Canadian sports broadcaster, who was one of Canada's first and most influential female sports journalists.
DeRose has worked at the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum and the International Center for Journalists.
Before coming to West Virginia as an Assistant Professor of Journalism, Bass taught at Brandeis University and Mount Holyoke College.
In 2007 his story appeared on the Project Censored list.
McGarrigle and Lanken have two children, Lily Lanken and Sylvan Lanken, and live near the Eastern Ontario town of Alexandria, in North Glengarry.
In December 2005, he and colleagues published a story that compared the accuracy of science articles in English Wikipedia to those in Encyclopædia Britannica.
Before joining the Times, he was an associate editor at Spin magazine and Maxim.
Meynell later founded and edited the magazine Merry England, in which he discovered and sponsored the poet Francis Thompson.
Jennifer Westaway is a Canadian journalist for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation, based in Los Angeles.
Deborah Elliot, aka Debbie Elliott, is a broadcast journalist for NPR, who covers news events in the American South.
Chloë Grace Moretz is playing the role of Cahalan.
In 1929 he published his biography of General Reginald Dyer.
She is a graduate of the University of Western Ontario in London, Ontario.
He worked as a reporter in CBC's Vancouver radio newsroom before moving to Newfoundland and Labrador.
More recently, she had been writing columns for Bloomberg.
He is married and lives in Manhattan.
Jessica Ebenstein Grose is an American journalist, editor, and novelist.
Unsurprisingly, this latter, rather demanding venture folded in December, and in June 1821 Gold's was itself bought out by the rival London Magazine.
Robin Rowland, a Canadian author, journalist and photographer, grew up in Kitimat, British Columbia.
In 2009 they had twins and in 2010 moved to Cambridgeshire after GMTV ended.
He is currently living in San Francisco, California and is a father of four.
His family then moved to Toronto, where he attended York University and later Carleton University.
Cybulski worked at Sportsnet until March 2016.
He began his career as a freelance journalist between 1978 and 1988 when he joined the BBC as their first Media Correspondent.
She is also a member of the Advisory Board of the National Media Museum in Bradford, Yorkshire.
Duthie is a charity ambassador, representing the Christian Children's Fund of Canada in the cause to help beat poverty in developing countries.
Amelia Reynolds is a British television journalist who works for the BBC's early evening regional programme Look East.
The study was published in 1969 as Colour and Citizenship.
Jack Betts is a journalist and columnist for the Charlotte Observer, where he holds the title Associate Editor.
He studied English literature at Trinity Hall, Cambridge.
During the First World War he was attached to the King's African Rifles and was awarded the Military Cross.
Proops is buried at Golders Green Jewish Cemetery, in London, England.
In 1956, Arthur Frederick Jones was the winner of the Kiblon Memorial Award (the top award in dog-writing,sponsored by the Dog Writers Association of America.
In addition, Hornby presents the local political programme The Last Word.
Murison joined the NME in 2003 as a staff writer.
Rupert Lascelles Pennant-Rea is a British businessman, journalist, and former Deputy Governor of the Bank of England.
Joey Jones is a British journalist who was Deputy Political Editor of Sky News.
In 1935 he and his first wife, Blanche Nowell Dreier, moved to St. Petersburg, Florida.
He won the Best of Knight-Bagehot Business Journalism Award for his coverage of events leading to the Crisis.
In 1981 he worked on documentaries for London Weekend Television's The London Programme.
She left that position in June, 2013 to do independent consulting.
He later received an honorary doctorate from Queen's.
He is also currently the environmental correspondent for BBC News Online, and hosted BBC Radio 4's environment series, Costing the Earth.
She was the 2008 Edelman fellow at Harvard’s Joan Shorenstein Center on the Press, Politics and Public Policy at the Kennedy School of Government.
He is currently the Texas statewide coordinator for Our Revolution.
His father, Gavin Young, was a lieutenant colonel in the Welsh Guards.
Prior to coming to Philadelphia, Murphy was the weekend sports anchor and reporter for WFMZ-TV in Allentown, Pennsylvania.
He presents CNBC Europe's breakfast news programme Squawk Box Europe.
He went to school at the Northern Grammar School for Boys, in North End, Portsmouth.
He married Patti Scialfa in 1991, and the couple have had three children – Evan James, Jessica Rae and Sam Ryan.
The trailer is available on-line and available for purchase on DVD/Blu-Ray for $20.
The greater part of her work appears in Strategy+Business magazine but she has also been a contributor to such publications as Harvard Business Review.
UKIP went on to complain to Kent police regarding the comments.
He is the communications director of the Institute for Public Accuracy, a D.C.-based nonprofit group that promotes progressive experts as alternative sources for mainstream media reporters.
From 1992 to 2000, he was Political Editor at the BBC.
PoliticsPA named him the "Best Capitol Correspondent," praising "his balanced, unbiased reporting."
He attended Santa Clara University in Santa Clara, California.
Previously he was the newspaper's Brazil Bureau Chief, based in Rio Janeiro, from 2011 to 2017.
Work for his PhD in 1953, having gained a Leverhulme grant, necessitated a period working in the Vatican Library.
Previously, Murphy served as the lead sports anchor for the 7 p.m. and 10 p.m. broadcasts of CN8 News each weeknight.
He was also a member of the Orange Order in Canada.
In February 2011, she received an Athena Film Festival Award for her distinguished reporting and commentary about women and film.
Sandra's son Matthew Blakeslee is also a full-time science writer, thus representing the fourth generation of Howard Blakeslee's notable science-reportorial dynasty.
Carol Anne Meehan is a news anchor formerly at CJOH.
He previously worked for the Associated Press and the New York Daily News covering the Internet, technology and business.
She has appeared on CBS This Morning, CNN, MSNBC, Fox News, ESPN, Charlie Rose, and The Brian Lehrer Show.
Rosie Whitehouse is a journalist, writer and founder of the publishing house Reportage Press.
Name, age, country of citizenship at birth, subsequent nationality, what subject was noted for, cause of death, and reference.
Programmes with which she was involved included Bookshelf, Pick of the Week and Woman's Hour.
He also applied the term 'Winter of Discontent' to the series of strikes over the winter of 1978–79.
Jack Tinker was an English theatre critic.
Nicholas Confessore is a political correspondent on the National Desk of The New York Times.
From 1999, she worked for The Times, initially as a parliamentary sketch writer, later as a columnist specialising in health and social policy.
She is the daughter of Harry Brown, a noted CBC Radio personality in the 1960s and 1970s.
Elliot then reported on the 2008 presidential campaign and the United States Congress before returning to the South in 2009.
Blakeslee won the 1937 Pulitzer Prize for the group's collective coverage of science at Harvard University's tercentenary celebration.
He is a university lecturer in the field of international media and also studied business and law.
He made important contributions to the mining industry through his journalism and other interests relating to mining.
Hames edited the Times Guide to the House of Commons in 2001 and 2005.
He briefly contributed to the Pall Mall Gazette, and then for several years he worked with the Daily Mail as traveling correspondent in the Far East.
He is also a weekly columnist for the Mail on Sunday newspaper.
A political journalist since 1971, she became a lobby correspondent in 1974.
Brewster was born in Grimsby, and later edited Mixmag USA.
He is married to journalist Sonja Nordahl.
She then moved to Toronto in the summer of 2000, to report for Global News in Toronto before becoming the weekend anchor.
His voice sounds like tea-chests full of books being shifted about."
In 2013 Time magazine named Anderson one of the 30 People Under 30 who are changing the world.
Paul Manning was an American broadcast journalist.
Margaret Thatcher referred to him "the most distinguished Tory thinker of our time".
He was educated at Shrewsbury School and Mansfield College, Oxford.
Jacques Peretti is an investigative reporter, broadcaster and filmmaker based in London, United Kingdom.
He moved to Atlanta as Southern Bureau chief in 1989, served in that job for five years.
Back when CHCH was known as ONtv, Hamm hosted a morning news and business program called The Morning Market.
Before her position as editor for the Oakland Tribune she was a reporter for the San Francisco Chronicle from 1980 to 1991.
He was born in Bristol on 17 April 1945.
Bruce Dessau is a British arts critic who writes for the London Evening Standard and other publications, as well as his own website BeyondTheJoke.co.uk.
Ken Mandelbaum is an American columnist, critic, and author whose primary field of expertise is musical theatre.
Born in St Germans, Cornwall, Sandford was the daughter of a doctor who practiced at Exeter.
Holland subsequently left The Observer and joined The Irish Times as their Northern Ireland correspondent.
He left The Times in January 1993 and retired to Devon.
In 1981 he edited the first issue of Kerrang!, which was published as a one off.
Many of Jones' references to Dhaliwal centred on him "moping at home 'writing a novel'".
Gross Misconduct earned O'Malley the Author of the Year award in 1989 from the Foundation for the Advancement of Canadian Letters.
George Ticknor was a lawyer, and later a journalist.
His reports can be heard on Morning Edition, All Things Considered, Day to Day, and Weekend Edition.
She started out working in Calgary and then became the Vancouver CBC News Anchor as well as reporter and producer.
Ann Medina is a Canadian television journalist and documentary producer.
Three of his children became successful musicians: Françoys Bernier, Madeleine Bernier, and Pierre Bernier.
Descended from the Pelham-Clinton family is an ancestor through her paternal grandmother), she was educated at Oxford High School and Corpus Christi College, Oxford.
Prior to his career as a theatre writer, he was a teacher in New York public schools.
He joined the New Musical Express in the late 1960s and has edited NME, Vox and Melody Maker magazines.
He played a crucial role in the advancement of responsible government in Nova Scotian politics.
In September 1981 Batchelder started the ice hockey magazine, Ice Hockey News Review, as a fortnightly publication.
In 1996 she was voted Montreal's second-best poet.
Warren Davis was a Canadian broadcaster and newsreader.
From 1997 to 1999, he was the media critic and editor of the media section at Salon.com.
He has been a producer for the BBC and was a BBC correspondent in Pakistan in the 1980s.
In recent years he has worked with WWF UK to promote more sustainable water management in chalk rivers.
Quiñones Vidal is acknowledged as the first Puerto Rican communicator to promote young singers through his radio and television singing competition show called, Tribuna del Arte.
Boulton maintains an active international lecture and speaking schedule.
In 2005, she was appointed Visiting Professor of the School of Journalism at Lincoln University.
For the science fiction writer, see Philip Purser-Hallard.
She previously covered Great Britain for the Boston Globe and health and technology topics for the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette.
Roger Petersen is a Canadian television news reporter.
He is the son of award-winning investigative journalist Robert Reguly, and has two daughters, Arianna and Emma.
Berthelot articled as a lawyer with George-Étienne Cartier in 1861 and was called to the bar in 1865.
He was nicknamed "Red" Knickerbocker from the color of his hair.
In the mid-1980s he began collaborating with James Dubro writing about organized crime in Canada.
He has also made frequent appearances on HuffPost Live and has appeared on TVO's The Agenda with Steve Paikin.
In 1994, he was assigned to by the Philadelphia City Hall bureau chief.
Mike Strobel is a Canadian journalist, formerly a columnist for the Toronto Sun.
He retired from broadcasting in 1986 to found Fraser Kelly CorpWorld, a firm which consults businesses on communications, media relations and crisis management.
At present Collins is a leader writer and columnist for The Times and chairman of the centre-left thinktank, Demos.
Nick Halling is a British sports broadcaster and journalist.
Swain's book River of Time: A Memoir of Vietnam chronicles his experiences from 1970 to 1975 during the war in Indochina, including the fall of Cambodia.
He writes on cultural and political issues for a number of publications, including the Telegraph, Independent, The Guardian, London Review of Books and New Statesman.
Prior to his role on TSN Radio 1050, Cybulski also worked as a television sportscaster, and a reporter for SportsCentre on TSN.
"America ... is still mighty prosperous, but environmentalism is putting us on the brink of danger as well.
In 1866 he was commissioned Major in the Tower Hamlets Militia.
She graduated from Brown University, where she studied European intellectual and cultural history with a focus on gender.
He was closely associated with numerous cricket publications.
Prior to those roles, Bunting was an anchor/reporter for Business News Network where he hosted Market Call, Market Call Tonight and other BNN programs.
Rimmer has contributed to over 50 magazines in the UK, US and Germany.
He has been chief reporter at North West Tonight since 2006, having previously covered education and social affairs.
George Addison Crawford was an American politician, lawyer and journalist.
Rhodri Williams is a Welsh sports journalist from Barry, Vale of Glamorgan, Wales.
From France, he travelled extensively in western and eastern Europe and north Africa, shooting and editing his own stories.
He has previously worked for CBC Radio and CFCF-TV as a science and medicine reporter.
Michelle Delio is a freelance writer whose articles have appeared in Wired News, InfoWorld, and MIT Technology Review.
Landon works as a feature writer, reporter, columnist, editor and proofreader.
Ashok Chandwani was also an assistant management editor and restaurant critic.
Seabrook graduated from St. Andrew's School in 1976, Princeton University in 1981 and received an M.A.
Vincent Mulchrone was an English journalist active during the post-war period.
Henry McLemore was a columnist who is mostly known for his work in spreading propaganda for the internment of Japanese in World War II.
Kettle is best known as a columnist for The Guardian, where he is assistant editor, having worked as the newspaper's Washington D.C. bureau chief 1997–2001.
In 2008, hockey commentator Pierre McGuire praised Dutchyshen, saying he is an announcer with a long stick from time to time.
He co-authored, with Greg Mitchell, Truth and Consequences: The US vs. Bradley Manning.
The Lifestyle: A Look at the Erotic Rites of Swingers: about the subculuture of Swinging.
was an American civil engineer, author and editor, born at Fairfield, Vermont.
He writes about marketing, advertising, media, and pop culture.
She was a judge on Deutschland sucht den Superstar, the German version of Pop Idol, and also represented Germany as a judge on World Idol.
He is best known for his association with William Corder, hanged for the Red Barn Murder.
In 2008 she published a book, Popbitch: Celebrity Excess And Other Monkey Business.
Other families take on rheumatoid arthritis, intractable epilepsy, and autistic behaviors.
Camilla Wright is a British journalist and one of the founders and owners of the Popbitch newsletter and website.
Inglis summarised Leitch's career for FourFourTwo Magazine in 2015.
The book was made into a TV film, directed by Atom Egoyan.
Will's reporting on the decline of Blackpool FC gained national recognition and praise in 2015, with nominations for two awards in September of that month.
After studying journalism at Leeds University, Crow began his journalism career at BBC Radio Five Live.
Schneller has lived in Toronto since 1994 with her husband, Canadian journalist Ian Brown, and their two children, Hayley and Walker.
He wrote for the New York Post.
In 1982 he graduated from the California Institute of Technology with a Master of Science in astrophysics.
At the same time he was writing for Autosport magazine and became their Grand Prix correspondent in 1977.
She co-anchors the show along with Ben Mulroney, Devon Soltendieck, and Lainey Lui.
He was a long-time member of the board of editors of Fortune magazine, where he contributed articles on electronics, jet propulsion, automation, metallurgy.
He also attended Carleton University in Ottawa.
Amy Jenkins, author of the 1990s TV serial This Life, is his daughter.
In January 2012, Long interviewed the German-Irish actor Michael Fassbender.
On 7 December 2005, Bhoyrul and his former Daily Mirror colleague James Hipwell were convicted of conspiracy to breach the Financial Services Act 1986.
She has gained extensive experience in the Charity world over the past 20 years, as a director of the Ruben and Elisabeth Rausing Trust.
Margaret R. Manning was an American journalist and book reviewer.
In July, 2010 Picador released a paperback edition.
He was the former editor of Mother Jones Magazine.
In 2005, he was named one of "Pennsylvania's Most Influential Reporters" by the Pennsylvania political news website PoliticsPA.
He had written more than 30 books on horse-related subjects and was an authority on lorinery and saddlery.
Phoebe Hoban is an American journalist perhaps known best for her biographies of the artists Jean Michel Basquiat and Alice Neel.
The book compiled political cartoons of Bouchard drawn by Côté; David provided commentaries and Bouchard, himself, the foreword.
He has produced and directed documentaries for Channel 4 and The Guardian in the United States, Afghanistan, Myanmar, the Palestinian Territories and Chechnya.
Their proprietary data also reveals liquidity flows between these asset classes both within China and overseas.
Ruby Mercer, CM was a writer, broadcaster, soprano and entrepreneur.
Kady O'Malley is a Canadian political journalist.
He has worked for the paper since 1999 and has been based in Brussels, Paris, and New York.
Tom Gibney had been a fixture behind the desk at CFTO-TV in Toronto for well over two decades.
She graduated from Carleton University in 1977 with a Bachelor of Journalism.
He’s a former chairman of Harestock School governors in Winchester and was Chairman of Appleshaw Parish Council in Hampshire for six years until January 2016.
She lived for some years in Papua New Guinea, where her mother was doing anthropological studies and her father was a photographer.
From 1948 to 1951, Rose was literary editor of the Observer.
Donaldson was appointed head of CBC Newsworld during its inception stages in 1987 and oversaw the launch of the new specialty service in 1989.
The title may have been taken from the third studio album by Talking Heads, Fear of Music.
What made Athens and Florence and Silicon Valley?
In Ottawa, Paquet provides the questions for World Trivia Night, the world’s largest live non-radio annual trivia event.
His criticisms of the public relations industry have appeared in the Utne Reader and on the op-ed page of The New York Times.
David Moberg is a senior editor of In These Times magazine, where he has been on the staff 1976.
NPR, faced with a large budget deficit, canceled Day to Day in 2009.
After he died, his widow continued the Wecker without interruption.
Stevenson later called upon Fritchey to serve at the United Nations as director of public affairs for the United States Mission to the United Nations.
Alex Mihailovich is a Canadian broadcaster and is currently a correspondent for RT America.
Along with Bob Cowan, she currently co-hosts Morning Live, a three-hour morning show that airs on CHCH-TV in Hamilton, Ontario weekdays from 6am to 9am.
He is co-author of Coaching Baseball Successfully.
Then-prime minister Tony Blair called him "an institution".
Elizabeth Parker was a Canadian journalist in the early 1900s.
He writes a column on classical music in Prospect magazine.
In 1960, from Tunis, he joined The Observer of London as a foreign correspondent, and was the Observer's correspondent in Paris and New York.
Richard B. Woodward has been an arts critic in New York since 1985.
Since then, he has worked freelance including for The Guardian, Mojo and Q magazine.
In the columns of the ‘New Zealand Times’ Fox wrote a series of articles on the denudation of the forests, which attracted much attention.
He became the CBC's Paris correspondent and national correspondent in Quebec.
Mallen is now a reporter with Global Toronto.
Brad Bumsted is a prominent journalist in Pennsylvania.
Hellen Nora "Eleonora" Dimakos is a female Canadian model, actress, journalist, and makeup artist from Toronto, Ontario.
He is the host of Le Téléjournal Grand-Montréal 18 h, the Radio-Canada's supper-hour newscast for the Greater Montreal region.
Books by Unwin have been translated into Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Persian, Portuguese, Spanish and Russian.
He then left journalism to become the Secretary and Director of Propaganda for the Anti-Socialist and Anti-Communist Union.
He is currently employed by Qatar's Al-Kass Sports Channel and anchors the network's English-speaking studio.
He served as Assistant to the Secretary of Defense and Director of the Office of Public Information, Dept.
Sir Alastair MacTavish Dunnett was a Scottish journalist and newspaper editor.
Longtime morning news anchor on WCBS in New York, Adler is credited with popularizing the "talk news radio" format on WCBS during the late 1960s.
She is also a regular political commentator on both television and in publications such as The Daily Beast.
During her early journalistic days, Frost interviewed a variety of people, including Julia Child, Pauline Kael, and Winona Ryder.
Pardon my cheek, and the way that I speak, but no matter where I go
He was awarded a CBE in the 1986 Birthday Honours.
He has been the civil partner of Times columnist and former Conservative MP Matthew Parris since 2006.
Heilbrunn is a graduate of Oberlin College.
He is the son of Professor George Nuki of the University of Edinburgh.
Kutalik has appeared as a guest reporter on Democracy Now!.
She was previously a presenter and reporter for BBC News.
He also produces the small press magazine The End Is Nigh.
The book served as the basis for a film on the BBC, Game Changer.
Lisa S. Chedekel is an American investigative journalist.
She was educated at Sherborne School for Girls and University College, Durham.
Upon moving to Edmonton, Matheson got a job with the Edmonton Journal in 1970.
Born in St. Marys, Ontario, Dunnell entered journalism with the Stratford Beacon Herald in the 1920s, later becoming the sports editor.
Dave Guest is a journalist, chief reporter and occasional presenter for BBC North West Tonight.
He also cofounded The Indypendent, a monthly newspaper based in New York City which describes itself as being focused on social and economic justice.
He was again nominated the following year.
He is married to the columnist and interviewer Valerie Grove.
He lives in Denver with his wife and their three children.
Ian Hamilton is a British journalist, author and poet.
Mary Kay Magistad is an award-winning American journalist and correspondent.
Marie Claire magazine declared Anderson one of the "New Guard" of fifty rising female leaders.
In 2001, she was named senior vice president of WTSN, the world's first television channel devoted exclusively to women's sports.
He wrote a book on Charles de Gaulle.
Favaro previously worked as medical correspondent for the Global Television Network where she began her career in 1982 as a writer/reporter.
He has served as an editor and writer for several independent media publications.
He is based at NPR's West Coast Studio in Culver City, California.
Bertram was an intellectual, and played a pivotal role in the development of North Sydney town where he resided.
He lives with three children in Long Beach, California.
As of February 2016, she was a staff writer for Slate and also a contributor to the New York Times Magazine.
A piece on the subject appeared in The Weekly Standard.
It won the 2006 Financial Times and Goldman Sachs Business Book of the Year Award.
and Deal With It, in the 1990s.
They have collaborated on books such as The Mental Floss History of the United States along with writer Erik Sass.
Her first book, Side Effects: A Prosecutor, a Whistleblower and a Bestselling Antidepressant on Trial, won the prestigious NASW Science in Society Award in 2009.
She has earned two Gemini Award nominations for Best Reportage and two RTNDA Awards for News.
Knox purchased an Ensigncy in the 63rd Foot in 1854 and was promoted Lieutenant without purchase later the same year.
An almost solitary voice of dissent at the time, her views turned out to be well-founded.
Fiona Ross OBE is a Scottish journalist broadcaster.
Tim Knight is an international journalism trainer, filmmaker and communications consultant based in Cape Town, South Africa.
He was formerly an award-winning TV correspondent with ITN and Channel 4 News.
He is the director of "LSE London", a research group at the London School of Economics and Political Science.
He grew up in Stratford, Connecticut, and earned degrees at Fairfield University in Connecticut and Syracuse University in New York.
In 2008 she was added to the team of newsanchors for the NOS Journaal.
He was the uncle of well-known American volcanologist David Richardson.
Prior to this, Metallica's frontman James Hetfield referred to their sound as "power metal".
He was educated at Charterhouse and Balliol College, Oxford.
Magistad was trained in journalism receiving her BS in journalism at Northwestern University.
His role expanded in 1993 to include the Arts as well as Media in 1993 before becoming an analyst for BBC News 24 in 2003.
He was foreign editor from 2002 and 2006.
She was born and raised in Loughton, Essex.
Nicol Nicolson is a Scottish broadcast journalist.
Erica Johnson is a Canadian broadcast journalist who hosts the TV series Marketplace on CBC Television.
In 2014 he left The Verge to join sister site Vox, but later returned to become the new Editor-In-Chief of The Verge, replacing Joshua Topolsky.
He continues to be at the forefront of LGBTQ rights and AIDS/HIV causes.
Thomas John Cardell Martyn was a British flying ace, journalist, and publisher who founded Newsweek in 1933.
His work as a photojournalist has appeared in The New York Times, Newsweek, National Geographic and Time.
Tony Bartelme, an American journalist and author, is the senior projects reporter for The Post and Courier in Charleston, South Carolina.
Wilfrid Meynell, who sometimes wrote under the pseudonym John Oldcastle, was a British newspaper publisher and editor.
Tomalin was killed in Israel by a Syrian wire missile on 17 October 1973 while reporting on the Yom Kippur War.
He was announced as the new editor of The Sunday Telegraph in April 2017.
In January 2007, Sullivan became a member of Duquesne's Athletics Advisory Board.
From 2007, Woolnough was the presenter of Sky Sport's Sunday Supplement, replacing Jimmy Hill.
He was previously at the Daily Mirror and the News of the World.
In 1963 he returned to England where he was involved in the unsuccessful Derrington-Francis Formula One project.
Mike Shuster was a diplomatic correspondent and a roving foreign correspondent for National Public Radio in the United States.
In 2005, Russ Rymer became the editor-in-chief for Mother Jones, although he held this position for only one year.
He has been writing the Anti-Hit List for more than 15 years.
For several years he was chief reporter on the ‘Manchester Guardian.’ His account of the great floods at Holmfirth in 1852 was widely quoted.
In 1997, Jones left to become editor of music and film monthly Uncut, a position he retains today.
Kate Beirness is a Canadian television sportscaster, currently working as a host for SportsCentre on TSN.
He was the first non-American to commentate on a live NFL game in the USA and he has done work for Sky's sister network, Fox.
Moving to Whitehall to join the Royal Navy team he became Senior Information Officer before being appoint to HQ Army in Salisbury.
Born in Stratford, London, England, Neesom attended Valentines High School in Ilford.
Rupert also wrote the 64-page novella accompanying the game Weird Dreams by Rainbird.
Rockies first baseman Todd Helton threw the ball in the stands and it landed in Steffan’s glove.
She later adapted it into a 50-minute documentary for BBC2, entitled Something Rich and Strange.
His first book, Travellers, was an oral history of Britain's New Age travellers.
A veteran journalist, Turner served as Metromedia's corporate news director before joining United Press International Television News.
In addition, he was a fill-in host for both College Football Live and NFL Live.
She has also reported on Canadian football and major league baseball.
Annette was named a 2015 Woman of Distinction, and is a Paul Harris Fellow.
Striewski announced that he was leaving NESN without a new position indicated on Jan. 31, 2017 via his Twitter account.
He moved to The People in November 2007, becoming deputy editor in June 2008.
Michael Henderson is a British journalist, born in Manchester, raised in Bolton and educated at a preparatory school in Derbyshire and then at Repton School.
For three seasons, from 1995 to 1997, she was the host of a 30-minute-long political affairs show on WTN called Jane Taber's Ottawa.
Known for his expertise in East Asian cinema, he provides commentary tracks for DVD releases of Asian films.
In 1951 he joined the Manchester Guardian as a leader writer and reporter on Labour Affairs.
2009 Winner Canadian Medical Association and Canadian Nurses Association Media Awards for Excellence in Health Reporting for “BPA found in Food Cans”
Over the years she’s been Bureau Chief for CTV in London, Halifax and Winnipeg, and has been posted to Toronto and Jerusalem.
Her journalism caused her to be declared persona non grata in Pakistan by President Ayub Khan.
He is a regular contributor to radio and television news and current affairs programmes on business and technology issues.
She wrote Connecting to the Internet in 1993 and she was inducted to the Internet Hall of Fame in 2014.
She joined Grampian Television in August 1998 as a reporter and presenter for North Tonight.
He authored a book on climate change; Forecast: The Consequences Of Climate Change, From The Amazon To The Arctic, From Darfur To Napa Valley.
He is a supporter of Manchester City F.C..
Berlau has degrees in journalism and economics from the University of Missouri.
By the early 1990s, Etherington-Smith was established as an art journalist.
Gary Lineker described Woolnough as "one of football's finest journalists."
officer poisoned with the rare radioactive isotope, Polonium 210, in 2006.
She has written about her medicinal use of cannabis and expressed views first in favour and subsequently against liberalising its use.
She graduated from Conestoga College's radio and television broadcasting programme.
Among others, Robert Fisk of The Independent praised it.
Whiteley is also the co-presenter of cult radio show, 'Treasure Quest' on BBC Radio Norfolk, along with Sophie Little.
Wilson’s father was a Methodist minister who worked with the American Friends Service Committee on ending the war in Vietnam.
Collins did not stand for this or any other seat.
Mary Stott was a British feminist and journalist.
He was married 53 years to Ethel, who died in 1982.
Camilla Elizabeth Long is an English newspaper columnist with The Times and The Sunday Times.
Philip Till is a talk show host in Vancouver, British Columbia.
In March 2015 Long drew local criticism for referring to Thanet as "a small nodule of erupted spleen at the eastern edge of England".
Tyson is a graduate of Harvard University with an honors degree in government and has studied economics and business at Columbia University.
The Prima Donna: Her History and Surroundings from the Seventeenth to the Nineteenth Century
David Pescovitz is a writer and journalist best known for his work on science, technology and Internet culture.
Gerald Mortimer died following declining health on the night of 30 December 2013, aged 77.
His wife's name is Leslie, so she goes by the name of Leslie Leslie.
He also founded, published, and edited a monthly news magazine called Panorama.
While living in London he worked for as a Videotex producer before returning to Canada and rejoining CBC New's teletext experiment Project Iris.
Winters has described himself as an "Ella Grasso Democrat," a reference to the pro-labor, pro-life, pro-Israel Governor of Connecticut in the 1970s.
Tom Gibney is a retired television anchor in Toronto, Ontario.
Singel has covered issues of government monitoring, and has been a chronicler of AT&T's alleged involvement in the NSA warrantless surveillance controversy.
He was the grandson of Sir John Chancellor, the first Governor of Southern Rhodesia.
In Germany she became known for her appearance on the TV shows Internationales Frühschoppen and Presseclub.
She then joined the Liberal Democrats in their press team, becoming in 1997 press secretary and advisor to then leader Paddy Ashdown.
She and her sister attended St Philomena's Convent School.
Schizas continues to teach Finance at the Sheridan College Institute of Technology and Advanced Learning.
Webb enrolled in a postgraduate international relations course at the London School of Economics and started writing for the British left press, contributing to numerous publications.
Jeani Read was a Canadian journalist and columnist and a pioneer in rock music criticism in Canada.
Kate Fenton is an English novelist and former BBC radio producer.
Inglis was born in Sparkhill, Birmingham in 1955.
The blog takes its name from the opening of Scoop, Evelyn Waugh's satire on journalism.
The tape was used during a municipal corruption probe of then-Providence Mayor Vincent "Buddy" Cianci known as Operation Plunder Dome.
These include some of Britain's most notorious criminals, including the "Yorkshire Ripper" Peter Sutcliffe.
He was later educated at Banchory Academy in Scotland and studied Politics, Philosophy and Economics at Hertford College, Oxford University.
Robert Forrest Wilson was an American author and journalist.
Steve Jarratt is a long-time videogames journalist and magazine editor.
As technology after technology that our grandparents put in place is being banned, and new technologies never even come to market, we risk a public-health disaster.
He died of a heart attack while jogging in Glasgow.
He has written a column for the Daily Mail since 1998.
There are also a range of other special purpose non-verbal signals, mostly used for safety and emergency communications.
Winter also co-wrote the book FA Confidential with former FA chief executive David Davies.
He wrote the verse on the Wolfe-Montcalm Monument.
Ken Ward, Jr. is a staff reporter for the Charleston Gazette, who has been nationally recognized for his writing on the coal mining industry.
Before becoming a film critic, he worked on documentaries and made several independent films.
Tanith Carey is a British journalist and author of seven books.
Philippe George "Phil" Hardy was an English film and music industry journalist.
Ben Geoghegan is a British journalist working for the BBC.
He used to be a reporter for Toronto's City TV and a television presenter and a legal specialist on Toronto television station CP24.
Jay Karl Stevens is a poet, historian, and journalist with a special interest in states of consciousness.
In addition Parker has worked on major sporting events including the London and Beijing Olympics and football World Cups and European Championships.
In 2003, he co-wrote My Heart Will Cross This Ocean: My Story, My Son, Amadou with Kadiatou Diallo, the mother of police brutality victim Amadou Diallo.
He was later the deputy editor at The New York Observer.
He was previously a contributing political reporter for The Wall Street Journal.
He died in August 1957, at the age of 52, during a street mob revolt in Baghdad, Iraq.
Victor Frank Ridder was a newspaper publisher and civic leader in New York City for many decades in the early 20th Century.
He also worked as a documentary filmmaker, a television producer, a P.R.
She hosted shows including Business Day, SqueezePlay, Stars and Dogs, After Hours, Talking Tax.
Mackey Frayer is a Masters candidate in International Relations at the University of Cambridge.
While at CTV, she co-hosted the award-winning 21c, a current-affairs program aimed at Canada's younger generation, and reported for Canada AM and CTV National News.
He called swimming at the 2008 Summer Olympics for CBC.
His son, Eric Reguly, writes for the The Globe and Mail.
His most successful studio albums, Born to Run and Born in the U.S.A. find pleasures in the struggles of daily American life.
She will no longer be seen on KING-TV, after 48 years with the station.
In July 2013 Long succeeded Cosmo Landesman as film critic of The Sunday Times.
Leo Hickman was a journalist with The Guardian, writing The Eco Audit blog within the Guardian environment group of blogs.
Glen Goodman is a current affairs & business presenter, journalist and financial trader based in London.
In 2012, he wrote a particularly controversial and sexist article regarding the inclusion of volleyball in the Summer Olympics.
Sarah began presenting items for The One Show in 2012.
The stories she’s covered include the 2004 presidential campaign, the aftermath of 9/11, Columbine, Hurricane Katrina, and the Duke lacrosse scandal.
He is the host of Colorado's Morning News and has been a longtime presence on KOA having begun his radio career at the station in 1994.
In 1977, he left the Star to join the staff of the Toronto Sun, where he specialized in investigative pieces on the Royal Canadian Mounted Police.
He was born in Winnipeg in 1939 and grew up in Elma, Manitoba.
He was shot and killed by American soldiers in Iraq on August 28, 2005.
After attending Invergordon Academy she joined the family business.
Also in 2010, he returned to the BBC to present Law in Action, nearly 25 years after launching the radio programme.
David Willey OBE is a BBC reporter based in Rome.
In 2012, his narrative non-fiction book Jacked: The Outlaw Story of Grand Theft Auto was published.
As well as hosting Ideas, Kennedy has continued to do documentary work.
In 2013 she was made Environment Correspondent for the BBC.
He was invited to join the Guardian Media Group in 1990 by Jim Markwick, then managing director.
at a conference in Washington, D.C., declarations in response to which audience members performed Nazi salutes.
Nilay had his first blogging gig at Gapers Block, a Chicago-centric blog.
Stephan Faris is a freelance journalist who has written from Africa and the Middle East, primarily for Time Magazine.
Kenneth M. Pierce is an American journalist and contributor to Time.
Murchison is normally of a conservative political persuasion.
Michel Godbout is a Canadian television news anchor.
I don't mean a nice part of the interior either.
After serving as mayor, he returned to the Toronto Telegram as city editor.
In 2008 Abid worked as a presenter of the crime programme AVRO Opsproring Verzocht.
David Sutton is the current editor of the Fortean Times magazine.
Bruce Noble Garvey was a British-born Canadian journalist and editor.
In 1992 he was working for Esquire.
Kenneth Donlan was a British newspaper editor.
Thomas Alan Margerison was a British science journalist, author, and broadcaster who founded the magazine New Scientist in 1956.
Colleague Tom O'Neil described him as the newspaper's "chief Oscarologist" as his column focused largely on the doings of the Academy Awards.
Charles Hurt is an American journalist and political commentator.
In September 2014 Guest was nominated for the award for Best Regional News Journalist by the Royal Television Society.
Carol S. Remond is an award-winning journalist for Dow Jones Newswires, a subsidiary of Dow Jones & Company, publisher of the Wall Street Journal.
In May 2012, Wallace was sacked as editor of the Daily Mirror "with immediate effect".
His book On Duty With the Queen was published in October 2014.
He also declined to stand for Parliament.
She also appeared on Last Call with Elvis Mitchell, Stuttering John Melendez and Tad Low, a late-night gabfest on CBS affiliates in the early 90's.
Charles Frederick Pardon was editor of Wisden Cricketers' Almanack between 1887 and 1890.
On 6 December 2007 he died from the illness.
He also was named Alaska Historian of the Year by the Alaska Historical Society.
Hawes Spencer is the founder and editor of The Hook, the weekly newspaper in Charlottesville, Virginia and the Shenandoah Valley.
Peter John Wilby is a British journalist.
He was previously an investigative reporter for San Antonio Express-News and suburban correspondent for The Philadelphia Inquirer.
He covered Moscow and Paris for a number of years for the Telegraph.
Based in Calgary, Alberta, he is currently the lead hockey columnist for The Globe and Mail.
He later was opinion editor of The Weekly Standard magazine, owned by Rupert Murdoch and the News Corporation, from 1995 to 2006.
Since 1994, Corbett has written The Back Page for Baltimore Style Magazine.
He is the author of the book, "Children of the Movement ."
Sierra Leone is located on the west coast of Africa, between the 7th and 10th parallels north of the equator.
Prior to her employment at Channel 4, she worked for the Financial Times.
Previously, he was a political columnist, writing about Ontario provincial affairs for the Star.
Moscow Nights is a 1935 British drama film directed by Anthony Asquith and starring Laurence Olivier, Penelope Dudley-Ward and Harry Baur.
When Philadelphia Mayor Ed Rendell was elected in the 2002 Pennsylvania gubernatorial election, he transferred back to Harrisburg for his second stint as bureau chief.
In 2006 he covered the Lebanon war from Israel and Syria and in 2008 reported undercover from Burma in the aftermath of Cyclone Nargis.
Flett was given an honorary M.Litt by the University of Brighton in 2015.
He has written game reviews and features for online and print publications, and currently contributes to Vice and BuzzFeed.
Mulligan currently works as a reporter on CityNews at 6 as an education specialist/reporter.
He is a member of the Organ Meat Society and contributor to Gourmet magazine.
He is the author of The Shackled Continent, a book that tries to explain why Africa is so poor and how it could become less so.
In 1941 he moved to the Government Code and Cypher School at Bletchley Park where he assessed decrypted messages sent by the German Luftwaffe.
In April 2016 Flett began writing a fortnightly restaurant review column in The Daily Telegraph.
Philip Stephens is an English journalist and author.
They live in north London and have three children.
From the early 1960s onwards, he hosted the British radio programme Jazz Today.
In 2006, Wells, with her editors at Allure, wrote her first book, Confessions of a Beauty Editor.
She announced her retirement on February 27, 2008.
He married the writer Alice Thompson in 1877.The pair's first effort at periodical publishing was The Pen, a short-lived critical monthly review.
Keith Richburg is an American journalist, a longtime foreign correspondent for The Washington Post.
Kevin Landrigan was a Nashua Telegraph columnist.
Her mother was Burmese and her father British and she was raised in both Burma and the UK.
Today, a middle school bears his name.
The first edition of his non-fiction book, Masters of Doom, was published in 2003.
He was one of the main hosts.
His column was one of the most popular in Motor Sport magazine and ran for over nine years.
He is an enthusiast of the sport of baseball.
Maclear made several wartime visits to North Vietnam for CBC and later for CTV, the first Western TV correspondent granted admission to the North.
He was the Middle East Editor for The Daily Telegraph.
She was an anchor for CBC News Now before her retirement.
From 1985 to 1993, she wrote the film industry column "Risky Business" for LA Weekly and the Los Angeles Times Syndicate.
He initially covered local curling and university sports, but quickly switched to hockey, when, in 1973, Edmonton was granted a WHA franchise, the Edmonton Oilers.
Born in London, Ontario, he worked as a journalist for the Hamilton Spectator and later as editor-in-chief of the Ottawa Citizen.
Monica Langley is a Senior Special Writer for The Wall Street Journal.
He was the host of the popular program The Score Tonight with Martine Gaillard until 2004.
Bob Geldof praised the book, saying: "An excellent book.
She wrote her autobiography in three volumes: Odious Child, Weeds Grow Fast, and French Memsahib.
Malbon is married to Paul Hunter, a correspondent for CBC Television in Washington.
She was educated at Loughton County High School in Essex, before attending St Hilda's College, Oxford, where she read Law.
Mayne also contributed to The Sunday Times and The Observer.
Arthur Harry Griffin, usually known in print as A. Harry Griffin, was a British journalist and mountaineer.
He was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1980.
He couples this with a position calling for having the United States finance Mexican infrastructure projects which would create jobs in their communities in Mexico.
He was one of Canada's top news reporters in the 1950s and 1960s.
By the 1970s he was a drama critic on The Jewish Chronicle and became the weeklies deputy editor in 1985 remaining in the post until 2001.
Richard Angwin is a weather-presenter, currently working for Al Jazeera English.
He also wrote several books, including a biography of Wilfrid Laurier.
It’s a charming mix of history and wisdom cloaked as a rollicking travelogue filled with colorful characters.”
The essay also won the 2015 American Society of Magazine Editors Public Interest Award.
He is also a Television News Presenter and Correspondent.
As a journalist he is best known for his work in Sounds, Select and Q, but has contributed to various other publications.
Gimson is a former pupil of Uppingham School where he attended West Bank house.
Richard Sandomir is a obituary writer for the New York Times.
The Guardian reported in February 2012 that there is "a widespread consensus that Murison has done a decent job since taking over in July 2009."
The newspaper continues to be published today, but has moved its offices to Spearfish, South Dakota.
The "Sun" marked his passing with an editorial that observed, "his standards of public morality were so high that not many could measure up to them.
The group also recommended expanding the medicine prize to include disciplines such as ecology, which are not currently covered by the prize.
Chancellor was educated at Eton College and Trinity Hall, Cambridge.
As a dramatist he wrote Dorothy Gray, and it was produced at the Princess's Theatre, London, on 10 April 1888
Gayle Reaves is an American journalist who won a Pulitzer Prize and a George Polk Award.
Upon his retirement he began a brief acting career.
He was awarded an honorary doctorate from The Open University in September 2013.
He is best known for the Anti-Hit List column, which has appeared on canoe.ca and in eye, the Toronto Sun and the Toronto Star.
He is responsible for the quote, "I am for the immediate removal of every Japanese on the West Coast to a point deep in the interior.
Gordon Kendrew Pape is a Canadian author, columnist, and investor.
Proffitt returned to NPR in early 2003 to work on the launch of Day to Day.
In the same year he provided commentary on the first live transmission from the House of Commons on BBC Radio.
Milt Dunnell was a Canadian sportswriter, known chiefly for his work at the Toronto Star.
He has also appeared as an actor in downtown, avant-garde works by Richard Foreman, Richard Maxwell and many others.
In 2008, he began teaching at Georgetown University in the graduate school of professional studies, teaching classes to graduate students on writing and speech writing.
He was previously chief dance critic at The Times Literary Supplement and chief theater critic of the Financial Times, both of London.
In November 2014, she appeared in an episode of BBC Radio Scotland's Skin Deep discussing beauty and body image issues for people with sight loss.
Her first network television job was with Rogers Sportsnet when the Canadian sports channel launched in 1998.
He received his preparatory education in England and in New York city; was a student at Columbia University, 1892–93, and in 1893 engaged in journalism.
A native of Berrysburg, Pennsylvania, Bergstresser was born on June 25, 1858.
After leaving Oxford, she undertook postgraduate research at Mount Holyoke College in Massachusetts, USA, for a year.
McKenzie was honored by three different ice hockey leagues, each with trophies bearing his name.
He had a highly individual style, and wrote with wit, concision, and allusive humour.
Mimi Chakarova is s Bulgarian-American photographer and filmmaker.
This helped him secure a job at the publication a year after moving to New York.
In 1979, he was made an Officer of the Order of Canada and was promoted to Companion in 2001.
She was educated at the University of Trinity College in the University of Toronto and at Ryerson University in Toronto.
Rozenberg began his career in journalism in 1975 at the BBC, where he launched Law in Action on BBC Radio 4 in 1984.
Collins earned his private pilot certificate in 1952 and has since logged over 20,000 hours in general aviation airplanes.
He left The Guardian after 37 years at the end of March 2013.
He is also a co-editor of Boing Boing and a research director with the Institute for the Future.
Thompson is a graduate of the University of Guelph with a degree in studio art.
In 1884 he went out to Bombay in British India, where for eight years he was an associate editor of the Bombay Gazette.
Where do all the missing socks go?"
He is a frequent guest on Pennsylvania Cable Network's "Journalists Roundtable" television program.
The film premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival in April 2015, and will broadcast on POV in Fall 2016.
Matt is a ski racing specialist and has been a contributor to Ski Sunday since 1996.
He hosted the game show Bumper Stumpers between 1987 and 1990.
"Florida's shadowland': a report on Florida's institutions for the mentally ill", Miami Herald, 1949, 24 pages
Angus Stickler was the lead reporter for the Bureau of Investigative Journalism until his resignation in December 2012.
Jon is a graduate of both the University of Michigan and Johns Hopkins.
His five children include hedge fund manager Jonathan Kinlay and the actress Antonia Kinlay is one of five grandchildren.
In 1990, she began her CBC career as a radio news reporter for the local Toronto affiliate CBL.
Worth Dying For: Canada's Mission to Train Police in the World's Failing States
Marsh was educated at Ilford County High School after which he worked for the Ilford Guardian and the Dagenham Post.
He started his career at Yorkshire Television in Leeds.
She is married to the novelist Darin Strauss.
Marks joined The Observer and stayed for over 25 years before contributing to The Independent on Sunday in his final years.
Her career in journalism began at the Northampton Chronicle & Echo in 1969, remaining with the publication until 1971.
Ryan Singel is a San Francisco-based blogger and journalist covering tech business, tech policy, civil liberty and privacy issues.
Major Lawrence Edward Knox(1836–1873) was a British Army officer and founder of The Irish Times.
In 1988, he published the first national bisexual newsletter, called Bisexuality: News, Views, and Networking.
DiChristina is a frequent lecturer and has appeared at the 92nd Street Y in New York, Yale University and New York University among many others.
Green began her career as a reporter for CKVR-TV in Barrie and at Rogers Cable News in Mississauga, both located in Ontario.
After working for The Hullfire he won the Danny Fullbrook Young Sports Writer of the Year award in 2013.
He graduated from the Ohio University Honors Tutorial College in 1985.
Nina Nadira Naharuddin, Malaysian singer, actress and TV host
McGuire also deputised for Tam Cowan on Off The Ball during the summer of 2015.
He is currently a doctoral candidate in Rhetoric at the University of Southern California's Annenberg School for Communication and a graduate of the University of Pittsburgh.
In 1944 he transferred to London to where he worked on coordination with the Air Ministry.
In addition to writing, Matheson also was a part of the CFRN radio broadcasting team that covered the Oilers.
In the 1990s, he was still writing three columns per week until the age of 94.
On 13 November 2014, Hall won the award for Broadcast Presenter of the Year at the O2 Media Awards 2014.
In a cover story for The Nation, she broke the story about Bush appointee David Hager's personal life.
On September 6, 2011, Simpson re-joined Rogers Sportsnet in Toronto as their hockey features reporter.
As a journalist she worked on publications including Picture Post, Lilliput and the News Chronicle, and later edited the Young Elizabethan.
Joseph has been city editor of the Daily News since December 2005.
He also aided the evacuation of injured units and prepared black soldiers for interviews with white journalists.
Under DiChristina's leadership, Scientific American is committed to promoting STEM education and wider engagement of the public with science.
Although Schizas is a Canadian citizen, he grew up in New York City.
Barry Samuel Broadfoot, CM was a Canadian journalist, interviewer and history writer born and attended university in Winnipeg, Manitoba.
He is editor of the Radio Times website.
His book, Stick and Rudder, is still in print, and is considered a primary reference on the art of flying fixed-wing aircraft.
He helped launch the late night current affairs programme Newsnight on BBC2, where he was both an anchorman and economic specialist.
Magdi Abdelhadi is a foreign commentator for BBC.
Stuart Flinders is a journalist, reporter and occasional presenter for BBC North West Tonight.
Duncan McCue is Anishinaubae, from Ontario, a member of the Chippewas of Georgina Island First Nation.
Fitzrovia and Soho weigh heavily on his eye lids.
She was the 1994 recipient of the Harry S. Truman Scholarship for Maryland..
Peter Wallsten is a reporter for the Wall Street Journal who covers national politics.
Reguly was born in Vancouver, grew up in Toronto, Washington D.C. and Rome and has Canadian and Italian citizenship.
During that time she appeared in many of Caryl Churchill's plays including, Cloud Nine and Top Girls.
They had three daughters and one son together.
Sara Underwood is a co-host of the FOX 25 Morning News in Boston.
Born in New York City, Boccardi holds a bachelor's degree from Fordham University and a master's degree in journalism from Columbia University.
Her work on politics, education, and women's issues has appeared in national publications including The Atlantic, Slate, The New Republic, and Politico.
In 2012 the Canadian Olympic Committee honored DiManno for covering over 10 Olympic games.
Floyd Norris was chief financial correspondent of The New York Times and The International Herald Tribune.
Michel McQueen Martin is an American journalist and correspondent for ABC News and National Public Radio.
In 1982 Roebuck drove a Formula One Renault turbo at Circuit Paul Ricard in France.
He has also received a Prairie Schooner Short Fiction Award and the Colorado Book Award.
She won first prize in the Periodical Writers Association of Canada Magazine and Newspaper Travel Writing Contest 1997 for her article "Norte Grande."
Wheeler is a part-time lecturer at Durham College.
He was one of the moderators for the 2004 Democratic presidential candidates debate held on January 22, 2004, in Goffstown, New Hampshire.
In August 2006 she wrote a cover story for The Observer's Review section about the return of rave culture.
in English and from Ryerson University in Toronto with a B.A.A.
Kristen Lynne Soltis Anderson is a Republican pollster, television personality, and writer.
She co-hosts Test the Nation with Brent Bambury.
In this role she worked as the first solo female anchor for the evening news in Philadelphia.
His appearance was distinctive, too: "Flamboyant in manner and dress and often sporting a ponytail, Jack was an easily recognisable theatrical character.
A series of articles that Golden edited about Corporate Tax Inversions won Bloomberg's first Pulitzer Prize in 2015.
Earlier in her career she was deputy editor of the Today newspaper and women's and assistant editor of the Daily Mirror.
Ivan Gaskell is a Derby born sports reporter for the BBC.
Jones became a columnist for the Daily Mail and the Mail on Sunday in 2006 and wrote extensively about their relationship.
He now works for Southern Maine Community College.
Jeff Brady is a national-desk reporter for National Public Radio.
Subsequently, he worked for Red Rose Radio and reappeared as a reporter for ITV's The Goal Rush in 2001.
John Adrian Pienaar is a British journalist who is currently Deputy Political Editor for BBC News, and presenter of Pienaar's Politics on BBC Radio 5 Live.
In 2000 Dickinson won the Sports Journalist of the Year.
He's also written humor columns for FOXSports.com, and commercials co-produced by FunnyOrDie.com  & TMS for clients such as Hyatt Hotels and CARFAX.
He was previously political editor of The Sunday Telegraph from 2009 to 2013.
He was dismissed in 2004 following a scandal about the size of the company's reserves.
He has also been a movie columnist and regular freelance contributor with the Globe and Mail.
Before joining the Times in 1999, he was a lecturer in politics at Oxford University.
Hall is married to former Granada news presenter Kate Giffard.
Nathaniel Mehr is currently an associate editor of Review 31, an online literary magazine that was launched in October 2011.
The poet Emily Dickinson was one of his cousins and his daughter, Kate Dickinson Sweetser, was also an author.
Joseph edited the 2009 series Tainted Justice by Wendy Ruderman and Barbara Laker, which won the 2010 Pulitzer Prize for Investigative Reporting.
Pescovitz earned a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Electronic Media from the University of Cincinnati and later a master's degree in Journalism from UC Berkeley.
In 1915 he was appointed editor of the Evening Standard, but presumed tuberculosis forced him to reduce his journalistic commitments the following year.
Education for Democracy was renamed "John Hasek Society" in 1994 shortly after Hasek's death.
Hector Berthelot was mourned after his death by his contemporaries in the newspapers.
Tomalin was the son of Miles Tomalin, a Communist poet and veteran of the Spanish Civil War.
Jeremiah Aloysius Patrick O'Leary, Jr. was an American newspaper reporter and columnist.
In 2010 she won Feature Writer of the Year at the British Press Awards and was also nominated for Columnist of the Year.
Collins spent several years as an equity strategist in investment banking.
In August 2007, Rubin was named deputy bureau chief in the Baghdad bureau of The New York Times.
He writes for video game website VG247 as Deputy Editor.
In 1799, he took a job with the newspaper the Independent Chronicle, a Jeffersonian newspaper controlled by his brother, Thomas Adams.
He also hosted a special for the Food Network and a Game Show Network pilot entitled Two Minute Mysteries.
Earlier in his career he was with The Economist.
He then was based in Beirut, Lebanon, where he reported on the 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict as well as a range of regional issues.
In the fall of 2011, he became the Robinson Professor of Political and International Affairs at George Mason University.
Richard John Mayne was a British journalist, broadcaster, writer and an advocate for European integration.
Dunnell died on January 3, 2008 at the age of 102 at North York General Hospital of pneumonia.
He currently authors several columns for The Mac Observer including the columns Just a Thought and Just a Peek.
Gerald Mortimer was an English author and sports journalist, whose career spanned over four decades.
Miranda Green is a British journalist, the former Press Secretary to then Liberal Democrats party leader Paddy Ashdown.
He was friends with Alfred Wainwright but somewhat disapproved of the damage to the fells that the popularity of Wainwright's guides could cause.
A 1998 graduate of Binghamton University, Wolinetz has written for several online publications including McSweeney's Internet Tendency, the Black Table, Flak Magazine and the now-defunct Haypenny.
He was an opinion columnist for the Fairbanks Daily News-Miner from 1998–2002.
He also talked about it on CFRB's The Motts, hosted by Paul and Carol Mott, on September 13, 2006.
and regularly presents the club's season review DVDs.
Her other film making work included The Hour and Frontline/World.
Kasriel Hirsch Sarasohn was a Jewish-American journalist who published several newspapers in New York.
While at WWKB-AM, he was offered his first professional on-air gig as a lifestyles reporter for WWKB's sister station, WKSE-FM.
She joined the BBC in 1994 working for the World Service as a newsroom journalist, before being posted to Cairo in 1999 and Jordan around 2001.
At Reuters, during the days immediately preceding Zimbabwe's independence, he was the last reporter known to have filed stories by carrier pigeon.
Charles, Sydney and another brother Edgar founded the Pardon's Cricket Reporting Agency in the 1870s.
In 2010 she married the film-maker and writer William Stirling whom she had first met on an Ancient Greek course in 1983.
Fahey was the questioner for the Democratic and Republican Debates on CNN and WMUR sponsored by the Union Leader.
His financial crisis coverage was also chosen by the Columbia School of Journalism as one of its "100 Great Stories" of the last century.
He has continued to contribute occasionally to the other papers he previously worked for, as well as The Wisden Cricketer and The Spectator.
Gornstein also has a Twitter account, a Facebook profile and a MySpace profile.
Davis was a resident of Brooklyn since 1965.
The Thomas Dreier Reading Room at Peter H. Armacost Library, Eckerd College is named in his honor.
Girls Uninterrupted: Steps for Building Stronger Girls in a Challenging World was published by Icon Books in March 2015.
Mortimer began his career in July 1970, as a sports journalist for the Derby Telegraph, a job which he held until his death in December 2013.
Karin Larsen is a Canadian broadcaster and Olympic synchronised swimmer.
Davidow was one of the founders of the L.A. Weekly, a newspaper that has been publishing in Los Angeles since December, 1978.
Gene Marks is a columnist, author, and small business owner.
The column was first established by Tom Driberg in May 1933.
David Tremayne is a UK based motor racing journalist.
Lezard's memoir, Bitter Experience Has Taught Me, about his life after a marriage ended, was published in 2013.
Her father was an immigrant from Baghdad, Iraq and her mother a native Californian of French Canadian ancestry.
McDonald, a former editor at Newsday on Long Island, joined the New York Times in 1988 and has held numerous positions at the paper.
Before joining the CBC, Wilson was a sportscaster and news anchor for CJOH in Ottawa.
Beresford also does interviews and news stories with influential people.
She is of Palestinian descent and studied in London.
He was known for his work ethic and sense of humour.
He served as the deputy editor before that time, having joined the newspaper in 1999.
He has been a staff writer at The New Yorker since 1993.
Previously a writer for The Sun, in 1999 the Daily Mirror tried unsuccessfully to poach him.
He writes daily for The Washington Post newspaper and weekly for Forbes magazine, The Huffington Post website, Inc. magazine, Entrepreneur.com, Fox Business and Philadelphia Magazine.
He founded the literary magazine ZYZZYVA: West Coast Writers & Artists in 1985 and retired in 2010.
In 2001, Hume was launch editor of the online magazine Spiked, the UK's first web-only comment and current affairs publication.
In 1947 he went up to Trinity College, Cambridge where he read History, gaining a starred first-class degree.
Frederic Franklyn Van de Water was an American journalist and writer.
He was a victim of a Bell Media layoff in November 2015 and was relieved of his duties with CTV.
Born in Stafford, England, Kent graduated from Corpus Christi College, Oxford, and worked as a journalist for The Manchester Guardian and The Economist.
He produces segments for the Caracas-based TeleSUR television network.
Whiteley was born in Essex and started his career working for the commercial radio station Essex FM in 1995 as a broadcast journalist.
Martina Fitzgerald is a Canadian radio journalist, who is the current anchor of CBC Radio One's news program The World This Weekend.
His second book Once Upon a Time in the East, is about Eastern Europe under Communism.
She studied English literature at Cambridge University and International Affairs at Sciences Po, and later became a reporter and videographer for cnn.com.
He has also worked for The Times as a political journalist, as Washington Bureau Chief, as Belfast correspondent, and as Europe correspondent based in Brussels.
He has been a teacher of journalism in Africa.
Bruce Anderson is a British political columnist, currently working as a freelancer.
In 2013, O'Brien was shortlisted for the Martha Gellhorn Prize for Journalism in the United Kingdom.
Gagnon was born and educated in Saint-Hyacinthe, Canada East.
He is married to the biographer Midge Gillies and they have a daughter together.
On January 23, 2014, Cybulski and Caroline Cameron were named the co-anchors for the morning edition of Sportsnet Central.
Robert Collins Christopher was an American journalist who specialized in coverage of Japanese business and culture.
Married to Louie, the couple had three sons, Patrick, Michael and Martin.
He has written extensively on economic development, the world economy, financial markets and investment funds.
Since 2002, she has hosted CBC Radio One morning news and current affairs program The Current.
He won a Pulitzer Prize in 1977 for his coverage of the 1976 presidential campaign.
He is the author of Trails To Heaven, an archeological adventure novel set on Baffin Island.
She previously co-anchored the Noon News before it was cancelled.
He was a prominent citizen of North Sydney and served as the mayor for a term.
Harris was born in Boston and actually had a wooden leg as a result of a horseback riding accident at the age of 13.
James Forsyth is a British political journalist and political editor of The Spectator magazine.
He retired as a journalist in 1903.
This Beadle achieved until his own sacking in June 1980.
She has also written for The Times, Sunday Times Magazine, Sunday Times Style, Red, Elle, Grazia, GQ, Stylist, Glamour, Cosmopolitan among others.
Recently he was the London bureau chief for CTV News.
Born and raised in New York City, she was a contributor to The New York Times, The Washington Post, The Observer and Wired.
Matt Arnold or Matthew Arnold is s former TV reporter with ITV's GMTV and now runs his family's hotel business in Suffolk.
In 2009, he returned to Canada as anchor of CBC Radio One's morning newscast World Report.
He was a CTV News Channel morning anchor weekdays from 6 am to 10 am from 2002 to 2006.
to answer all 11 questions without using any of the game's "cheats."
In addition to his videos, he also writes travel articles for Houstonia magazine, Buzz magazines and thetravelingwizard.com.
He was one of the first sports anchors to ever work for The Score.
Samuel Stevens is an English sports journalist, currently freelance for The Independent.
He also played a news editor in the 1963 medical thriller 80,000 Suspects, again directed by Guest.
Rollin Lynde Hartt was an early 20th-century journalist and congregational minister.
John Joseph O'Neill, of the New York Herald Tribune, along with William L. Laurence of the New York Times.
Caroline Hawley is a British journalist who has been a Special Correspondent for the BBC News channel since 2007.
She gained an honours degree in English and European literature from Warwick University.
She also won a feature writing award from the Society of Business Editors and Writers in 2011.
Reynolds was made a Member of the Order of the British Empire in the 1999 Birthday Honours for service to Journalism.
Jack Otter is an American journalist and editor with Barrons.com.
He is a Vice-President of the Royal Commonwealth Society.
In 2006, Donnelly was named "Mentor of the Year" at CBC Vancouver.
Di Giuseppe was formerly a general assignment reporter Citytv with and an anchor for CP24 in Toronto, Ontario.
She announced the diagnosis publicly in May 2010, and has since reported on and blogged about her experiences of treatment.
Before he entered journalism he was a bank clerk, and ran a gift shop and a building business.
Robert Bowman was a broadcast journalist for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation.
Before that he had involved in broadcasting organisations in the United Kingdom, including attachments to BBC Radio Leicester and the Commonwealth Broadcasting Association in London.
He occasionally appeared on CNet UK's technology podcast, Crave, and the Dialogue Box video series.
Hella Pick was born in Vienna, Austria into a middle-class Jewish family.
Peter Norman Stuart Stephens was a British journalist and newspaper editor.
He was then the editor of Metro during 2001, and moved to become Deputy Editor of the Evening Standard at the start of 2002.
Arthur William à Beckett was an English journalist and intellectual.
Graham Richardson is a Canadian television journalist who currently anchors CTV Ottawa's 6 o'clock newscast on CJOH-DT.
Donovan initially trained in newspapers, before becoming a political reporter on Around Westminster.
He provides an eyewitness account of the relationship between Clough and his assistant, Peter Taylor, and charts Clough's demise and descent into alcoholism.
Franz Umbscheiden was a revolutionary during the revolutions of 1848 who emigrated to the United States and became a journalist.
Quentin Hugh Crewe was an English journalist, author, restaurateur and adventurer.
It was announced in early February 2013 that Cybulski was leaving TSN altogether to pursue other opportunities.
O'Neill twice won the Alaska Library Associations's "Alaskana of the Year Award" for the best book on Alaska published anywhere.
John Rees is a British right wing journalist and government informant resident in the United States.
He was with the New Republic from 2000 until 2014.
He is the son of Sir John Rennie, a former 'C' of the Secret Intelligence Service.
Bob Berkowitz is an American journalist, talk show host, and author.
He began his musical training with his father as a child.
Laura Clark is a British journalist, who writes for the Daily Mail on matters relating to education.
and began her journalism career in 1973 with KCBS-TV, the Los Angeles affiliate of CBS.
After his retirement, he became a successful freelance writer, writing mainly for outdoors magazines.
He then finished his career as associate editor of The Sun until 1981.
Other magazines in the category included Arena, Esquire and Men's Health.
She currently writes for Politico and has contributed to NPR, the Huffington Post and other outlets.
Roberts has been an Associate at the Young Foundation.
He graduated from University of Arizona in 1988.
DiStaso left the Union Leader in April 2014 after 34 years.
He has also taught in the Religious Studies Department at DePaul University in Chicago and at Northwestern University's Medill School of Journalism.
Khaled and a cameraman had gone to cover an incident in which two Iraqi policemen were killed in the Hay al-Adil district of Baghdad.
John Maurice Shaftesley OBE was an English journalist and writer, and editor of the Jewish Chronicle from 1946 to 1958.
James Kelleher Nestruck is a Canadian journalist and theatre critic.
She is currently the co-host of CBC Vancouver's news segment Go Public and is also featured as a national correspondent.
Murphy appeared for the first time on CSN Philadelphia on December 28, 2008 and hosted his first edition of Daily News Live on December 30.
Stephen A. Kurkjian is an American journalist and author.
Farrell's discovery earned praise from his peers.
In 1930, he was elected mayor of Toronto.
He wrote the screenplay for Away with Words, a feature film directed by cinematographer Christopher Doyle, starring Asano Tadanobu.
His blog Not Exactly Rocket Science is published as part of the National Geographic Phenomena blog network.
She has been the editor-in-chief of online magazine Slate since 2014, replacing David Plotz.
Williams was born in Onancock, Virginia, and studied at the University of Texas, where he earned a degree in government in 1929.
So Much To Tell, a biography of the children's book editor Kaye Webb, was published in May 2010.
I’m the gun – pull the trigger".
He is a congressional correspondent for POLITICO.
Its first release, Got by first-time author D, was published in 2007.
Her work has also appeared in Germany's Welt am Sonntag and Leipziger Volkszeitung.
Warren Olney IV is an American broadcast journalist.
In October of that year, he joined The Hollywood Reporter where he subsequently became chief film critic.
It's a bit different from most Swiss works.
He also presented a number of programmes on Radio 4 including The Week's Antiques, which he devised, and the regional Today from the South and West.
He also has taught at the University of San Diego during the January-May semester since 2012.
In 1999, he joined the Washington Post as Chief Classical Music Critic, before becoming Culture Critic in 2001, and Art and Architecture Critic in 2011.
The couple have five children, one of whom is the journalist Ben Judah.
Iain Finlayson is a Scottish writer and journalist.
She has served as a Washington, D.C. correspondent, as a crime reporter and as senior editor of the McMurdo Station Antarctic Sun.
Joan Sallis OBE is British writer on educational matters, particularly in relation to school governance.
Smith has been a guest host for The Diane Rehm Show, and contributes to The Huffington Post.
Angeline Brown, better known by the stage name of Angie Dickinson, is a retired American actress.
He was educated at Eton College and graduated with First Class Honours in Classics from Trinity College, Oxford.
Jacqueline Ashley, known as Jackie Ashley, is an English journalist and broadcaster.
Bibaud is credited with the first book written in verse by a Canadian.
Her column "Veronica's View" appears weekly in the Los Angeles Sentinel newspaper, the online newsletter BlackNLA.com, and various other news outlets across the nation.
The holding company went into administration twice before the venture was sold to the Barclay Brothers.
Subsequently, he was editor of the New Statesman from 1998.
In October 2013 he was shortlisted for the O2 Media Awards' "Sports Reporter of the Year" award.
She describes herself as covering "agitators and innovators in mobile".
In 2007, he resigned as editor in the wake of a purge of the editorial staff.
The blog won early recognition in the liberal blogosphere in the form of consecutive Koufax Awards for Best Series in 2003 and 2004.
He was awarded the 2013 Rory Peck Award for News, for his report Ground Zero Mali: The Battle of Gao.
He appears regularly on TSN 1260 sports radio as co-host of the Jason Gregor Show.
Marina O'Loughlin is a British journalist, writer and restaurant critic.
Before this she worked at the New York Post from 2000 to 2005 as a reporter, columnist and editor.
On October 19, 2010, it was announced that Simpson joined regional sports network MSG Plus as a host for the New Jersey Devils broadcast team.
When she was appointed in 2006 she was the first female presenter on TalkSPORT.
His newspaper career was one of intense editorial battles resulting in libel suits and more personal attacks.
Lee died unexpectedly the following day, aged 61.
She has won several awards for investigative reporting from the Society of Professional Journalists and the National Press Club.
Richard F. Newcomb, a graduate of Rutgers College, served as a wartime naval correspondent during World War II and received a Purple Heart.
Henry Scott-Stokes is a British journalist who has been the Tokyo bureau chief for The Financial Times, The Times and The New York Times.
Names are reported under the date of death.
On January 25, 2010, it was announced that Shaw will be appointed to the Order of Ontario for his philanthropic work.
John O'Callaghan, was secretary of the United Irish League and staff writer on the Boston Globe.
Maryam Moshiri is a television broadcaster, currently with the BBC.
Ms. Cummings is a native of Maryland.
Born in Montreal, Quebec and raised in Ottawa, Ontario, Brunhuber is of mixed Cameroonian and White South African descent.
She has also written articles for several other newspapers, including the Daily Mail, and was deputy political editor of The Sunday Telegraph until March 2011.
Olney has four children from three marriages, including two from his first marriage, which ended in divorce.
In August 2014 Inglis was chosen as a Listed Londoner for BBC London's Robert Elms radio programme.
Mediwake's father is Sri Lankan while her mother is of Scottish origin.
His first book, A Flat Tax: Towards a British Model, was published in 2006.
He is the author of the blognovel An Old Junker.
Singel said November 2, 2012 is his last day on the job at Wired.
Eastern Sierra Leone is an interior region of large plateaus interspersed with high mountains, where Mount Bintumani rises to 1,948 meters.
Ashley Webster is a business news journalist for the Fox Business Network, a business news channel he joined in September 2007 as its Overseas Markets Editor.
In 1943, he opened the London bureau of the Sun to cover war news and remained in Europe for the duration.
In 1996, he was named Radio-Canada bureau chief at the Quebec National Assembly.
Ralph Scott Granneman is an author, educator, partner in a Web development company in St. Louis, Missouri and a monthly columnist at SecurityFocus and Linux Magazine.
She also received a Rotary Scholarship to study at the London School of Economics, where she received a master's degree.
This brought further attacks from gunmen on her, this time in her home rather than her workplace.
He was editor of the newspaper Le Canadien and, as such, supported French Canadian journalism and writing.
He was also a member of the Urban Task Force Working Group on Finance.
writer at the Blackpool Gazette after Steve Canavan made a lateral move.
Between 1903 and 1905, he was a sports writer for Chicago and Detroit newspapers.
John Robert Emshwiller is a senior national correspondent for the Wall Street Journal.
Zubeida Malik is a correspondent for the Today programme, and has also reported for Newsnight.
Geoff Cutmore is an English financial journalist for CNBC Europe in London.
Her film Outlawed in Pakistan premiered at Sundance Film Festival in 2013 and was called "among the standouts" of Sundance by The Los Angeles Times.
Lis Harris is an American author and critic and was for 25 years a staff writer on The New Yorker magazine which she left in 1995.
In 2002, he won the Foresight Prize in Communication, for his work in educating the public and research community about nanotechnology and other emerging technologies.
In 1984 he was kidnapped and held hostage by Hezbollah.
In her later years, Josie contributed to a community website, oldcrow.ca.
Waleed Khaled was a journalist working for the Reuters news agency.
She formerly was a business and real estate reporter for The Wall Street Journal.
David Kushner is a writer who has contributed to publications including Wired, The New York Times, Rolling Stone, SPIN, IEEE Spectrum and Salon.
He refers to Stein as "enigmatic" and says that "too little was known."
Dinges's Assassination on Embassy Row was a finalist for the Edgar Allan Poe Award 1981 for "Best Fact Crime".
Born in Hamilton, Ontario, Travers began his journalism career in 1972 with the Oakville Journal Record in Oakville.
Matilda Emily "Tilly" Bagshawe is a British freelance journalist and author.
In December 2006, Thompson co-hosted Ebert & Roeper, as Roger Ebert was still recovering from illness.
For the CBC, she has hosted various programmes including Newsworld Today, CBC News: Morning, Politics and The Money Show.
Abbi Tatton was an Internet reporter for CNN.
On 17 April 2015, the Crown Prosecution Service announced that charges against Dudman over alleged payments to officials were to be dropped.
Awgu returned to Ottawa in 2009 and is currently a lawyer and blogger with the Huffington Post.
He was born in Egypt and lived in Sweden for seventeen years before he moved to the UK.
He speaks Spanish, Dutch, Swedish, Hebrew, German and French.
He authored many books on cricket, including biographies, co-written with the subjects, of David Lloyd, David Gower and Tony Greig.
This has led to citations by the Modern Language Association, the American Psychological Association and the Chicago Manual of Style.
Bobby hosted the Sirius Satellite Radio Hard Attack channel's "Contact High" from 2004 to 2008, a show dedicated solely to stoner rock and metal.
He was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba and grew up in Toronto, Ontario where he attended Jarvis Collegiate Institute and York University.
Daniel Golden is an American journalist, working as a senior editor for ProPublica.
He continued to write for ZigZag until the 1980s, and for many other music magazines since then.
For his coverage of the Cleveland mayoral recall election of 1978, Franken won an Emmy Award.
Aldersey-Williams is perhaps best known for his 2011 book Periodic Tales, which The Daily Telegraph described as "a paean to the building blocks of matter".
Ken McKenzie Award – American Hockey League
She joined the Daily Mail newspaper as showbusiness editor in October 2009 after 10 years at The Sun.
After her career as an equestrian athlete throughout the 1970s, Leibel was hired by CBC Sports as an equestrian sports analyst.
He writes and stars in these productions under the name The Traveling Wizard.
He has been the obituaries editor since February 2006.
He has written for The Times and The Sunday Times since 1998, and is currently the latter's cricket correspondent.
Alongside New York Times, he also writes for The Wall Street Journal.
Michael Leland Crowley is an American journalist who is the senior foreign affairs correspondent for POLITICO.
He died at age 87 after suffering an aneurysm.
David Cote is a member of the New York Drama Critics Circle and the former theater editor and chief drama critic for Time Out New York.
Bascombe worked at the Liverpool Echo for seven years, whilst there he won Sports Writer of the Year in the North West for five successive years.
She joined the newsroom in December 2006 as an anchor/reporter.
The stance of his newspapers was always highly liberal, often even opposing the stances of the Catholic Church, of which he was a member.
Bridget Harrison is a freelance journalist and Contributing Editor at the Times Magazine.
She has contributed to Frieze, Los Angeles Times, Wired, and the Boston Globe.
He is a former host of CBC Sports Hockey Night in Canada and currently the host of Leafs TV's Once a Leaf.
Jacqueline Milczarek was a Canadian news anchor for CTV News Channel broadcasting on weekend afternoons.
In 2005, he was named one of "Pennsylvania's Most Influential Reporters" by the Pennsylvania political news website PoliticsPA.
She is a patron of the charity Thyroid UK.
As ABC's senior foreign correspondent from 1984–91, Dunsmore focused on events in Eastern Europe and the Soviet Union as the Iron Curtain began to disintegrate.
Roland Watson is a British journalist who is currently foreign editor for The Times.
Nielsen was awarded a National Newspaper Award for Enterprise Reporting in 1974.
Following in the footsteps of Ian Nairn he made a series of four films, Outrage Revisited on the banality of Britain's postwar buildings.
He is now executive producer at Artlab Films, based in London and Preston.
Eugene Burns was an American author and war correspondent.
He was also a finalist for the 2003 PEN Center USA Award in Journalism [2].
In 2011, DiChristina was named a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science for the Section on General Interest in Science and Engineering.
Member of the Canadian Mining Hall of Fame.
Moving about the British Empire, he worked on the staff of the Allahabad Pioneer and the Cape Times before joining The Morning Post.
Prior to joining TSN, Kate worked for Rogers TV First Local as the sports reporter, and on /A\ Barrie as the sports anchor.
Audie N. Cornish is an American journalist and a current co-host of NPR's All Things Considered.
A graduate of Concordia University, he has written for Saturday Night, Utne Reader, the National Post and The Globe and Mail.
Kirk LaPointe is a Canadian journalist and politician.
He started in radio in Cincinnati, Ohio at WCKY as a disk jockey, before moving to Louisville and WAKY.
She has also written about the portrayal of Muslims in American media, film and television.
He was briefly editor of the News of the World from 1980 to 1981 before returning to The Sun as managing editor.
On February 15, 2010, he became the anchor of CBAT-TV's evening newscasts.
Steve Chao is a Canadian journalist and the senior Asia correspondent for Al Jazeera English.
He won a bronze Gillard award for broadcasting.
John Wodderspoon was an English journalist and antiquarian, assistant editor of the Norwich Mercury.
Graham previously spent eight years in the Buffalo News sports department, where he was an award-winning NHL and boxing writer.
His work regularly features in several print and broadcast media outlets in the UK and overseas, in particular on basketball, athletics, cricket and triathlon.
Born in San Francisco, California, in 1950, Dan O'Neill came to Alaska in the 1970s.
Michael Crow is a former Scottish political journalist who worked as Director of Strategy and Communications at the Scottish Conservative Party from 2009 until 2010.
He is perhaps best known for his biographies of Russ Meyer, Andy Milligan and Neil Young.
A child diagnosed with ADHD refuses to take medication and instead improves his life, and the life of his family, after changing his diet.
KidSport is a not-for-profit organization that providing financial assistance for sports registration fees for kids 18 and under.
Davidow was born in Philadelphia, United States, to a Romanian mother and Russian father and grew up in New Jersey.
He was honored four times in the National Magazine Awards while a staff writer at IEEE Spectrum.
Grove subsequently moved back to Argentina to launch El Periodico de Tucuman.
The duo also launched and run Djhistory.com.
Ridder was predeceased by daughter Mary Hartmann Ridder and first wife Marie Thompson Ridder.
Rone Tempest is an American journalist, investigative reporter for www.wyofile.com, and consultant to the ProPublica.
Lisa Bernhard is a former on-air reporter for the Fox News Channel, working from November 2003 until May 2007.
In Anti-Hit List, Sakamoto compiles a list of songs that are under the radar screen of popular music.
He was Environment Editor of The Independent until 2013, and as of July 2015 is its Environment Columnist.
Greg Critser is a writer about medicine, science, food and health.
Prior to her current post, she wrote the "Single Life" column for the London Evening Standard newspaper until August 2007.
Andrew Cohen is an award-winning Canadian journalist, bestselling author, and professor of journalism at Carleton University's School of Journalism and Norman Paterson School of International Affairs.
Until 10 September 2005, he also wrote a second weekly column, under the pseudonym "Smallweed".
She has published biographies of writers Dodie Smith, Laurie Lee and John Mortimer.
He won an Anik Award for his story on the federal government mismanagement of its fleet of Challenger aircraft.
An Ottawa native, Harewood attended Ashbury College, a private school in Rockliffe, where he was headboy.
He served two terms as Boxing Writers Association of America president.
Glanfield is author of the book Digital Economy or Bust, published in 2011 by Guardian Books.
He is the creator and webmaster of JournalismNet, a resource site for journalists and is currently the senior producer of the fifth estate..
By taking part in the German revolution of 1848-49, he was compelled to leave his native country.
His vocation was publishing and journalism and he was involved in a number of publications starting with La Voix du peuple.
In 1998 he moved to BBC Essex in Chelmsford where he read the breakfast news bulletins and was a reporter.
She is the ex-wife of former England rugby captain Will Carling.
She could also pilot an aeroplane, having learnt to do so in an idle spell in Australia."
He is a contributing editor to The Atlantic.
He helped Gerry Conlon of the Guildford Four with his autobiography, Proved Innocent.
Webster, who was born in Brighton, United Kingdom and was raised in Los Angeles, is based in the network's London bureau.
Matheson became the beat writer for the Oilers then, and continued when the Oilers joined the NHL in 1979.
William G. Connolly, is a co-author of The New York Times style guide and a member of the executive committee of the American Copy Editors Society.
She was fashion editor for Harpers & Queen for 12 years, and then worked for British Vogue.
She was a reporter for the Wall Street Journal for almost ten years, where she covered California politics.
As an undergraduate, she was editor-in-chief of the student newspaper The Cavalier Daily.
Tim Rutten is an American journalist with the L.A. Daily News.
2013 Winner Registered Nurses Association of Ontario Awards for Excellence in Health Reporting “A City’s Pain”
Henry Sutherland Edwards was a British journalist.
As a consultant for Torres & Torres, Torres assists nonprofit organizations and advocates on behalf of indigent and ethnic minority communities.
She serves on the advisory board for the University of Guelph's College of Business Economics and previously served on the board of the Loran Scholars Foundation.
For the last 10 years of his life, though married with a family, he conducted an affair with the young Barbara Castle.
This article was recently republished in a book entitled The World of Vanity Fair that was edited by Paul Spiring.
Sullivan has held similar positions at the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, the Florida Times-Union and the St. Petersburg Times.
Bill Wiatrak is an American actor, travel writer and producer of travel videos around the world.
She was Publisher/Editor-in-Chief of the magazine from 1997-2003.
He remained in that role until September 2009, when he joined CBC News: Late Night.
He received the Lannan Foundation residency fellowship in 2005.
He received a master's degree in computational neuroscience from the University of Oxford.
Bill Leckie is a Scottish Sports journalist and broadcaster who currently writes for the Scottish edition of The Sun newspaper.
She first joined the staff of The Observer in 1990 where she has since been a leader writer.
For the U.S. alpine skier, see Scott Macartney.
Mortimer is now Senior Vice President of The Salzburg Global Seminar, and is a member of the Advisory Council of Independent Diplomat.
His personalised car number plate was MM 405 - his initials and the number of lines on early TV sets,
Poniewozik was Time magazine's television critic from 1999 to 2015, his Tuned In column critiquing television and related media.
He was an investigative reporter and senior editor for The Village Voice for 37 years.
Barnes, a native of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, earned a B.A.
Ian Payne is an English presenter currently employed by ITV.
Robin Aitken is a British journalist who for many years worked for the BBC.
Rees was recorded by police telling Jones "that some of what he was doing for the Mirror was illegal".
Henry Vincent "Harry" Hodson was a British economist and editor.
In January 2016, he was made an honorary QC.
The Northwest Progressive Institute named its annual awards to the region's best liberal bloggers after Neiwert.
From 1982 to 1983 he was Chairman of the Fabian Society and from 1970 to 1972 Secretary of the Streatham Labour Party.
She was formerly a Senior Producer at CNN.
Cornwell was sent to the Brussels branch office, where he met his first wife, interpreter Angela Doria.
He is a civilian spokesman for the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers Afghanistan.
Pape has three children and nine grandchildren.
He reported from Jerusalem from 2003 to 2007 for The New York Times.
Gross formerly played bass in the band None More Black and is currently a member of Renegade.
He was on the short list for the Ian Fleming Steel Dagger for his novels Empire State and the Dying Light.
He entered professional journalism in 1986 at the Southern Evening Echo in Southampton, along with Tony Gallagher, later editor of The Daily Telegraph and The Sun.
Their last broadcast aired on December 29, 2010.
She hosted CBC Television's consumer investigation series Marketplace, and is also a frequent back-up anchor for CBC's flagship evening news program The National.
Prior to joining, Wilson worked on CBC Television's newsmagazine The Journal.
It was cancelled after only eight months on the air.
He attended the King's School Ely, King Edward VI Grammar School Chelmsford, and then Southend College of Art.
Traynor was also a pundit on the Superscoreboard show on Radio Clyde for the 2000–2001 season.
Lisa de Moraes is an American television columnist.
Educated at St Peter's School, York public school, Kay worked for The Sun newspaper from 1974, initially as a general reporter, then as industrial editor.
She has written for the business, foreign, metro, style and culture desks.
He is also the winner of the Royal Television Society awards for Sports Feature and Sports Creative Sequence.
Roger Wood was the editor of the Daily Express and New York Post.
Juliana Farha is a Canadian writer and businesswoman who lives in London, England.
In 2017 she became a staff writer for California Sunday, covering politics in the western United States.
In 2004 Awgu finished 4th place at the Canadian National Debating Championship.
That same year, aged 16, he left school and trained as a bespoke tailor.
A staunch supporter of Howe's liberal views throughout his career, he never received the recognition he deserved.
They did it themselves with the wholly pompous music they started making when they began to take themselves too seriously.
Before that he was research assistant with Woodward on the latter's co-authored 1976 endeavor The Final Days.
McGaw died of gallbladder cancer on October 18, 2012 in Kitchener, Ontario, at the age of 76.
On 30 September 1957 Sandford became the first woman television newsreader when she joined the BBC West Region's daily television news bulletin in its Bristol studios.
In 1995, Goad and her husband Jim were charged with one felony count of promoting pornography because of offensive content in Answer Me!
He is currently an Assistant Professor of Communications at Bond University.
This is a chronology of deaths in 2017.
He won the Investigative Reporters and Editors Award in 1995.
He also reported extensively on the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina.
He has written a regular column for The New Republic website.
After graduating, he moved to Japan, where he became a journalist of the Tokyo bureau of The Times.
Lucy Atkins is an award-winning British author.
He is also a co-founder of the growing online-only Gelf Magazine.
Her writings, titled "The TV Column," appeared regularly in the Style section of The Washington Post from 1998 to 2013.
He also wrote the definitive biographies of Lord Trenchard, the father of the Royal Air Force and Robert Erskine Childers, Irish Nationalist and author.
He is also the grandson and biographer of the noted Great War soldier "Galloper Jack" Seely.
The network would pass information along to Rees, who would in turn forward it to the director of intelligence at FBI headquarters.
He has covered major breaking news stories across the world as well as domestic stories for The Sun since 1988.
Then he went back to Toronto, this time reporting and anchoring for CTV Toronto.
David Blaustein is an entertainment correspondent and movie critic for ABC News Radio and a frequent contributor to ABC News Now.
A related name is the Afghan Shegufa.
Tony Conyers was a British journalist working for the Daily Telegraph and Daily Mirror.
Bert Sterling Wemp was a Canadian journalist and mayor of Toronto.
The Old Batsman also appears in The Guardian.
That investigation led to a ban on UK exports of fake bomb detectors to Iraq and Afghanistan.
His mother is the late Bernardine Bishop, a noted British psychotherapist and novelist.
In the 1970s and 1980s, he was the anchorman for the BBC East regional television programme Look East.
Deborah Jane Orr is a Scottish journalist who has worked for The Guardian and other titles.
Snoddy started his journalistic career writing for a number of publications on issues relating to the news industry, and continues in this vein.
He made a return visit to New York City Hall to mark the 30th anniversary of his amazing feat of endurance.
George Gale was a British journalist who was editor of the British political magazine The Spectator from 1970 to 1973.
Jim Kelly is an author and journalist.
Vic Batchelder was inducted to the British Ice Hockey Hall of Fame in 2000 for his services to the sport in the United Kingdom.
On the East Coast, Alan Rifkin owns FAR Laboratories, makers of astronomical observatories and instruments, including the Helio-Pod and Lyra DDMS.
He's also continues to contribute to wide variety of other specialist publications with subjects as diverse as motor racing, caravaning and travel.
Handbook of Management, and in 1996 he published his first of a series of books on "key management ideas," and its history.
David Holmes was a British journalist and broadcaster who served as the BBC's Political Editor from 1975 to 1980.
He has been an adjunct professor at the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism since 2009.
Andrew Bell was a Scottish-born Canadian journalist.
Anna Blundy is an English novelist and journalist.
In the 1980s, he worked for New York's Newsday.
Gross is a graduate of Lower Merion High School and Temple University.
In December 2010, she co-founded the Connecticut Health Investigative Team, a non-profit investigative news service focusing on health and safety.
Ken McKenzie Trophy – Central Hockey League & Central Hockey League.
Skube received a Bachelor of Arts from Louisiana State University.
Moving on to work for The Times in September 1997 he became football correspondent and then chief football correspondent in 2002.
In April 2010 his addition to the Cool Camping series, Tiny Campsites, was published by Punk Publishing.
Philipps was the son of the Reverend John Erasmus Philipps Vicar of Enstone, Oxfordshire, and Margaret Louisa Everard Ffolkes.
He also has taught communication classes at Peace College in Raleigh.
The audio version runs daily on USA TODAY TuneIn.com, iTunes, SoundCloud, Stitcher and other podcast platforms.
In 1999 his reporting of the Stephen Lawrence case was shortlisted for a Commission for Racial Equality media award.
Terry Ramsaye was a film historian and author of A Million and One Nights: A History of the Motion Picture [Through 1925].
Deborra Hope from Trail, British Columbia, Canada was a journalist, anchor, and producer for Vancouver Global TV owned-and-operated station CHAN-DT.
He has three children and has six grandchildren.
He is books editor of Saga Magazine, and reviews books for The Times.
David Leppard is a British journalist and assistant investigations editor of The Sunday Times.
As a foreign correspondent for CBC and the CTV Television Network, he travelled to more than 80 countries.
He was hired by KYW in 1990 and was assigned to the post of Harrisburg bureau chief in 1993.
He has also written acclaimed biographies of Brian Clough and Ian Botham.
He is also Distinguished Visiting Professor at the U.S. Army War College.
His son, David Newhan, is a former Major League Baseball player and later, a coach.
Mark Derr is an American author and journalist, noted for his books on dogs, as well as the social and environmental developments of Florida.
He joined NPR in 1980 and served as an editor and producer.
His guests included Nina Simone, Richard Pryor, Dusty Springfield, Eric Burdon, and many others, including politicians such as Tommy Douglas.
Philip Purser is a British television critic and novelist.
A graduate of Center High School in Kansas City, Missouri, she also attended the University of Missouri School of Journalism.
In 1941, he was made editor,and in 1951, managing editor.
He then worked as a reporter stationed at the National Assembly of Quebec for the next four decades.
Davidson grew up in New York City, graduating from Hunter College High School, and attended Harvard University, where she received an AB in Social Studies.
Eric Moneypenny is an American comedian and writer.
In 2005, he was named one of "Pennsylvania's Most Influential Reporters" by the Pennsylvania political news website PoliticsPA.
He has reported from numerous war zones, including Syria, Libya, and Ukraine.
He then worked as a runner on the ITV daytime quiz show Talk About, before returning to college to study journalism at Highbury College in Hampshire.
Chris Bascombe is a North West football reporter for the Daily Telegraph.
She then wrote Bonnes Vacances , a comic travel memoir recounting a journey around the French Overseas Territories with her children, published by Summersdale, 2011.
He maintained a vast collection of Civil war era firearms and assorted artifacts, many collected personally from the battlefields he visited.
He was a political columnist for The Sunday Times from 1985 to 1987 and Associate Editor of The Independent from 1987 until his death.
Sir Eldon Wylie Griffiths was a British Conservative politician and journalist.
Revelations in New York City, published by 671 Press.
He co-founded media news and entertainment website Beehive City in 2010, along with former Times colleagues Dan Sabbagh and Timothy Glanfield.
His second book, about the American Beach community in Florida, was American Beach: a Saga of Race, Wealth, and Memory.
Now this illusion is known as O'Neill's Bridge.
Later he worked as a technology reporter for CNBC Europe and as managing editor of CanadaInvest.com, a financial website based in Toronto.
Michael Lemonick is an opinion editor at Scientific American, a former senior staff writer at Climate Central and a former senior science writer at Time.
He was a well-known and popular figure around English cricket grounds, always dapper and seldom seen without a red carnation in his buttonhole.
He also served as Tokyo bureau chief, 1982-86, and was awarded two British Press Awards for his coverage of Japan.
Kabasele was also now medical specialist with CBC News and now a Community Team blogger with CBC Radio in Toronto.
She was subsequently named the anchor for the CBS News early morning news broadcast CBS Morning News, effective January 21, 2013.
In November 2004, he was prevented from entering Nigeria and later expelled from the country.
He is the host of CBC News: Toronto at 5:30 and CBC News: Toronto Late Night.
Baichwal has worked in public affairs in Ontario.
He was also charged as part of the Metropolitan Police's Operation Tuleta with receiving a mobile phone belonging to Labour MP Siobhain McDonagh.
The artwork for the cassette was produced by Lorna Oakley.
In 2016, she was named a MacArthur Fellow.
Since then, he has continued writing for the Journal on a freelance basis and now writes a tax column for the newspaper's wealth management section.
He edited the Cricketer Quarterly Facts and Figures and also the Playfair Cricket Monthly throughout the thirteen years of its existence.
He met then-chancellor Helmut Schmidt professionally; they eventually developed a close personal friendship, and he wrote the biography Helmut Schmidt: Helmsman of Germany in 1985.
Sam Husseini is a writer and political activist.
Clement Crabbe is the name of a fictitious columnist for the British Daily Mail newspaper.
He was rescued by recruitment to the Foreign Office, and was sent to neutral Sweden, in association with Arthur Ransome.
Hasek served in The Black Watch of Canada, The Royal Canadian Regiment  and later The Queen's Own Rifles of Canada.
Nadira is a given name common in Asian countries.
She has written for the Christian Science Monitor and the Washington Post and contributed to the Wall Street Journal.
She had no children of her own, but was stepmother to both Elton's and Young's children from prior marriages.
David Boulton is a British journalist, author, documentary producer and lecturer.
Janice Turner is a columnist and feature writer for The Times.
It is executive produced by Alexander Korda for Legeran Films.
Ruth Gledhill is an English journalist and, until May 2014, was the religion affairs correspondent for The Times.
In his spare time he enjoys holidays, football, walking and reading.
William Charles Rust was a British newspaper editor and communist activist.
He is a former editor of The Sunday Telegraph, now in an 'Emeritus' role.
Born Ailsa Mary Garland in 1917 in London, she was educated at the La Retraite Convent, London, and Heathneld House, Cardiff.
After graduating from Girton College, Cambridge, she joined the London Evening Standard in 1968, eventually becoming that newspaper's literary editor.
Mike Schennum is a photojournalist with The Arizona Republic.
And that goes for all of them.
He moved to Manitoba, before returning to Montreal in 1999 where he joined CBC Television.
Callahan next worked as the news director and later sports director for CJON Radio and TV.
She frequently broadcasts, writes and lectures on security issues and is a Senior Associate Fellow with the lead UK security think tank Royal United Services Institute.
He was awarded an honorary degree of LLD by the University of Strathclyde in 1978 and was knighted on 4 July 1995.
Lisa Sylvester is an American Peabody and Emmy award-winning journalist and television correspondent.
Born to Ronnie Cornwell and Jeanie Gronow in 1946, Rupert Cornwell read Greek at Magdalen College, Oxford, and worked in advertising after graduation.
Born in London, UK in 1929, Maclear moved to Canada in 1954 and joined the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation the next year.
Winter formerly wrote a column for Four Four Two magazine.
Lambert died on February 8, 1998, in Philadelphia of a respiratory ailment.
J. Frank Diggs was an American journalist.
MacGregor studied at the University of Edinburgh, where he edited the student newspaper, titled The Student.
He is also the author of Moments: The Pulitzer Prize-Winning Photographs and Uncommon Valor, Common Virtue, a book about war photographer Joe Rosenthal.
Tom Fahey was the State House Bureau Chief of the New Hampshire Union Leader, for which he wrote the "State House Dome" column.
Marks covered the Pitcairn sexual assault trial of 2004 on and off that Pacific island and has written a book on the subject, Lost Paradise.
Burke has a child with writer Rick Salutin.
He has received several awards, and was nominated for a Gemini Award twice in the Best Reportage category, winning once.
Lina Mushabash is a TV news presenter on BBC Arabic
He was Vice-Chairman/Treasurer of the Edinburgh University Conservative Association and Vice-President of Scottish Conservative Future.
Later, she was director of career development and an instructor at Florida A&M's School of Journalism and Graphic Communication.
Her first book Park and Ride, a travel book on the Great British suburbs, was published by Little, Brown in 1999.
He wrote his first book Sin City as a result of his experiences as a journalist and a Japanese prisoner of war in Shanghai, China.
In 2007 he became editor-in-chief of Motor Sport magazine.
He is a regular contributor to BBC news programmes.
He became managing editor in 1998 and editor the following year.
In December 2014, he was made a Chevalier in the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres for his contributions in popularizing French cinema in America.
He is the son of a Greek-American father and a French-Canadian mother.
Between 1887 and 1925, he was editor of The Spectator.
In 2012, he received the President's Volunteer Service Award from Barack Obama, for his volunteer efforts, primarily with at-risk teens.
He also hosted ESPN Radio College Gameday with analysts Todd McShay and Trevor Matich.
His reporting career began at age 19 and by age 21 he had become the managing editor of The Baltimore Post.
That novel turned out to be Dhaliwal's first novel Tourism which received mixed reviews.
Mehta divides his time between New York City, Delhi and Toronto.
His first book, Underrated: The Yankee Pot Roast Guide To Awesome Underappreciated Stuff, was published by Kensington/Citadel in June 2008.
He is a fan of Le Corbusier.
Alsop's eagerness to praise every aspect of Maryland makes his work a permanent record of the psychology of advertising.
In 2015, she was named "Journalist of the Year" at the Political Studies Association's annual awards.
Born and raised in Brooklyn, New York, Mandelbaum was introduced to Broadway musical theatre by his parents and grandparents at an early age.
In 1990 the Toronto Star newspaper awarded him an Atkinson Fellowship in Public Policy to study AIDS and the failure of public health policy.
John Ewart Akass, also known as Jon Akass, was a British Fleet Street journalist.
Since then, he has researched over 2,000 crimes.
He is a member of the special committee appointed to monitor the editorial integrity of The Wall Street Journal after its purchase by News Corp.
Rob Brown is a Canadian television journalist and anchor for CBC News Calgary.
Championed by DiChristina, Scientific American is launching several programs in 2011 in support of the initiative's goals.
O'Brien was a writer and politician, who served as a government minister in the Oireachtas.
In 2014, she published her first novel, The Wintermen, with Sudbury-based Scrivener Press.
She moved to Vancouver's CKNW AM 980 the next year and became that station's first female reporter.
Amy Standen is a journalist and author.
He rapidly expanded the newspaper which also earned a reputation for its political coverage.
The program, Toronto Today, was a failure; ratings were low.
Although he was born in Nuneaton, Warwickshire, he always considered himself a Yorkshireman.
He served with the City of London Police from 1921 to 1946, rising to the level of Chief Inspector.
Saba studied Law and Politics at the University of Tehran before obtaining a Ph.D. degree at the London School of Economics.
Nicholas Geoffrey Higham is a journalist, most notably as a correspondent for BBC News.
Leonard Russell was an English journalist and satirist, known for editing Press Gang!
He received it in 1985 for his work with KABC-TV and in 1998 for his work with KCRW.
Since the reunification of Germany in 1990, Dahn has been an outspoken critic of the reunification process.
From February, 2014 to March, 2016, she lived in Vancouver, British Columbia and co-anchored the national morning edition of Sportsnet Central with James Cybulski.
Tatterstall grew up in Preston and attended Hutton Grammar School and University of Central Lancashire.
The column has now migrated to the Asian American Legal Defense and Education Fund site blog.
Johnny Tipler is a freelance writer who was born in Leicester, lived in Leeds as a child, and grew up in Chelmsford.
She appeared on the cover of the online magazine's May and November 2007 issues.
In the 1960s he did pilot shows for Tyne Tees TV, including a Christmas Special.
He had a short tenure as a contributing editor with Cracked magazine in 2005–06.
He studied International Security Issues at Stockholm University in Sweden.
In The Russian Crucifixion, MacKenzie mentions "the days that Jack London and I spent together in Korea and Manchuria" without further elaboration.
a history of Rupert Murdoch's The Sun with Chris Horrie.
Abu-Wardeh is also the founder and chief executive of Cashy, and its spin-off versions, Cashy campus and cashy.me: social media platforms focused primarily of personal financing.
Daley worked as a blind adviser for director Eleanor Yule and producer Oscar van Heek for the film Blinded.
The Tribune had recently been bought by the Alameda Newspaper Group where Burgin was editor-in-chief.
He was also a Fleet Street journalist for 20 years, working for Today, the Sunday Mirror, and the Daily Telegraph.
He previously published a novel, Kameleon Man, in 2004.
She joined CBC Newsworld in 1991 as the host of This Country.
He later worked for Cessna as a test pilot.
Hilary Harper Andersson is a BBC journalist.
Alesia Fieldberg is a Canadian journalist currently working with CTV Winnipeg as their Crime Watch reporter.
Shaughnessy Bishop-Stall is a Canadian journalist, best known for his 2004 book Down to This: Squalor and Splendour in a Big-City Shantytown.
He is also the former president of the Fédération professionelle des journalistes du Québec.
Davis died at his home in Brooklyn on April 5, 2011.
Flett found an outlet for her grief by writing about the break-up in gory detail, week-by-week, in her Observer newspaper column.
His articles have appeared in various well-known magazines, such as The Atlantic Monthly and Natural History, in addition to several other periodicals.
Peggy Fletcher Stack is an American journalist, editor, and author.
He studied journalism in New Brunswick where he also worked in community and private radio then joined Radio-Canada Télévision and played for the Moncton Blue Eagles.
He was also active in the Institute of Journalists, and in retirement was the President of the Mitcham and Morden Conservative Association.
Michel Bibaud was a Canadian writer and educator in Montreal, Quebec.
He trained as a journalist with the weekly Sevenoaks Chronicle and the evening newspaper, The Gloucestershire Echo.
Originally one of the children on the Crossroads program Circle Square, Ien studied journalism at Ryerson University.
These include convicted child killers Roy Whiting and Ian Huntley.
Warrack is the son of Scottish conductor and composer Guy Warrack.
Laura Jacobs is a novelist, journalist, and dance critic.
Graham Dudman is the current Managing Editor of The Sun newspaper.
Susan Estrada is in the Internet Hall of Fame for founding CERFnet, one of the original regional IP networks, in 1988.
He has also been, or is currently, a regular contributor to the Daily Telegraph and Motor Sport.
She was the daughter of George Abraham the photographer/climber and Winifred Davies, a cousin of the Abrahams' climbing partner, Owen Glynne Jones.
Following Germany’s annexation of Austria in 1938 and a visit from the Gestapo, Pick’s mother decided to leave Austria.
Each of her three marriages ended in divorce.
His columns, "an extended middle finger pointed in all directions", are syndicated by King Features to US newspapers.
He was committed to a vision of a European Britain, anti-communist but more socially inclusive than the American model of society.
Jan Tennant is a Canadian television journalist.
Rithy Panh made the documentary film "Bophana" based on an excerpt of the book.
During the first Gulf War, in 1990-91, he was based in Saudi Arabia and became a frequent voice on BBC radio.
She has dual British and Austrian citizenship, and visits Austria regularly, her "home away from home".
Udell is author of Practical Internet Groupware, published in 1999 by O'Reilly Media, and is an advisor to O'Reilly's Safari Tech Books Online.
Cormier was a foreign correspondent for CBC News in Moscow from 2000 to 2004, Paris from 2004 to 2006, and Beijing from 2006-2012.
The then Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson said that Woolnough was "a good journalist and a good personality."
He is a national political reporter for The Washington Post, a political analyst for NBC News and MSNBC, and the moderator for Washington Week on PBS.
His memoir, Dogs and Lampposts, was published in 2002 by Metro.
He also produced reggae compilations, and ran a mail order reggae vinyl business called Reggae Reggae Reggae.
Christian Isobel Johnstone was a prolific journalist and author in Scotland in the nineteenth century.
His second book, Jungleland, is about a lost city in Central America and an American spy who claimed that he'd found it.
Kristian Gravenor is a Canadian news reporter and Montreal city columnist.
He married Myrtle Houldsworth from Ayrshire, the daughter of Sir Reginald Houldsworth, also in 1959.
Her novel, The Girl in the Film, is a love story set during the siege of Sarajevo, which she covered for the Observer.
Thomas Edwin 'Peter' Utley CBE was a British High Tory journalist and writer.
From 1947-50 Garland worked as Fashion Editor for the Vogue Export Book, then from 1952-53 she was editor for Shopping magazine.
Before working for Calendar Tina worked in radio on Viking FM, Mercia Sound and BBC Radio Humberside.
Morrison had command of all artillery at the battle of Vimy Ridge.
Later, he did publicity work in Chicago and then spent 13 years in New York City.
In 2010, he wrote the best-selling book Black Hearts: One Platoon's Descent into Madness in Iraq's Triangle of Death, about the Mahmudiyah killings.
Rachel F. Elson is an American journalist and editor-in-chief of Financial Planning Magazine and its associated website Financial-Planning.com.
In October 2012 he predicted a global recession in 2013 
After his death in 1732 his son John Draper, also a printer, took the paper’s helm.
She has also written for The New Republic and provided commentary on Middle East affairs on radio, including the BBC.
His article "Machinery of Hope" about U.S. president Barack Obama's 2008 political campaign was anthologized in The Best American Political Writing 2008.
He wrote his first novel, Dark, at the age of 21.
In 2012 he joined the investigative news website Exaro, and has been writing about unrest at Lonmin’s platinum mine in Marikana, South Africa.
He drowned following the March 3, 1951 failed take-off of a Douglas Skyraider, that left the pilot injured.
During her time with CBC Radio, she served as Senior Editor of The World at Six, Sunday Morning Magazine and various news specials.
He was later both editor and principal proprietor of the Times of India.
He appealed against this award but lost in the UK Court of Appeal on 18 April 2007.
In 1993, after the death of Jay Scott, he was the host of Film International on TVOntario.
His father ran the 'Great Western' fish bar in Acocks Green, and the family lived upstairs.
Library and Archives Canada possesses roughly 175,000 of Cameron's works.
The film was screened at SXSW and Hot Docs and at numerous other international film festivals.
He is the author or co-author of several books on the Civil War and WW2.
In 2001, Reynolds was nominated for "The RTS Best Newcomer to Television Journalism - The Mike Read Award".
He wrote a biography of the cricketer Percy Fender in 1981, writing during a strike of print workers that closed The Times for almost a year.
After jobs at United Press International and the Montreal Gazette, he joined the Toronto Star in 1967 where he held various editorial and bureau chief positions.
He edited the political blog Crooks And Liars from 2008-2012.
In 1999, Barrier was awarded the Basketball Hall of Fame's Curt Gowdy Media Award for outstanding contributions in electronic and print media.
She stayed with Woman's Journal until 1968.
Reguly won a National Newspaper Award in 1966 for tracking down and interviewing Gerda Munsinger, a German woman at the center of a Canadian political scandal.
Ian Black is a British journalist and author focusing on international political issues.
Her work has appeared in The New York Times, The World Policy Journal, Du and the Wilson Quarterly.
In 2002 he co-authored with his brother John David Gravenor the Montreal guidebook Montreal: The Unknown City.
In 1965 she launched Man's Journal, an equivalent publication aimed towards the male reader, with designer Hardy Amies as its first guest editor.
Before this time, he was one of the editors of the Journal in the city of Mannheim in Baden, Germany.
A Freedom of Information Act request resulted in release of emails between Fournier, other USACE employees and the Cincinnati Enquirer.
She no longer works at CTV News but as a reporter and host of CPAC- than cable political Canadian news network
He enjoys football, cycling, snowboarding and tennis.
His career started in 1999 working for Classic Cars magazine before moving to BBC Top Gear Magazine in 2002.
She is the daughter of former Canadian Olympic athlete Marion Simpson.
He is currently a visiting fellow at The Catholic University of America's Institute for Policy Research and Catholic Studies.
He was born in Knightsbridge, London, and brought up in Redhill, Surrey.
During Clinton's 2000 Senate Election, Oppenheimer wrote the book State of a Union: Inside the Complex Marriage of Bill and Hillary Clinton.
Pick went to school in the Lake District and learned English.
Gosk contributes to all platforms of NBC News, including Today, NBC Nightly News and MSNBC.
He is noted by critics for his remarkably exhaustive accounts and for his tendency to avoid romanticizing his subjects' lives.
His contributions include to the Huffington Post and Talk2Action.
He wrote frequently for the magazine, including cover stories on Google and the 2007 Person of the Year profile of Russian leader Vladimir Putin.
He worked for the Daily Mail for seventeen years, including working his way up to Deputy Editor.
Keith Macklin was a British journalist, author, broadcaster and sports commentator.
Other reviewers decry the inclusion of his personal experience/reactions often found in his books as a sort of biographical treason.
She began her career as a general arts writer for the Associated Press and freelance journalist for various visual art and literary publications.
He was appointed AP managing editor in 1969, executive editor in 1973 and vice president in 1975.
He has a Law degree from the University of Manchester, and a postgraduate diploma in journalism studies from the University of Cardiff.
Richard Valeriani is a former White House correspondent and diplomatic correspondent with NBC News in the 1960s and 1970s.
He is a recipient of the Newspaper Association of America's Digital Pioneer Award.
2001 Nominated Gemini Awards - Best Information Segment "Hidden Epidemic" W5
He worked as a journalist first on the Bolton Evening News and then on the Daily Mirror.
He was formerly editor of the award-winning Glasgow University Guardian during his studies at the University of Glasgow.
He was born in Quebec, and described himself as "Scots-Canadian".
His son is the BBC's Rome correspondent, James Reynolds.
Through her leadership and collaboration with PSINet and UUnet, Estrada helped form the interconnection enabling the first commercial Internet traffic via the Commercial Internet Exchange.
Applebome was born in New York City and grew up in Great Neck, N.Y.
William Frederick Deacon was an English author and journalist.
He is Director of the Ethical Journalism Network, a global campaign promoting good governance and ethical conduct in media.
He served as drama critic on the paper for more than 60 years.
He also writes for the Chelsea FC website.
In 2002 he swapped jobs with the paper's New York editor, Andy Lines.
Contributors included Russell, Cyril Connolly, Hilaire Belloc, Ronald Knox and A. G. Macdonnell.
From 1989, he worked for the Essex Chronicle and the Big Issue, joining the National Union of Journalists.
Wasserman would go on the air with a three-hour talk show weekday mornings from nine until noon.
His third book and first novel, Paris Twilight, was published by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt in 2013.
Laurence died in Bethesda, Maryland at the age of 97.
Kim Fletcher is author of The Journalist's Handbook.
Kieron Quirke is an English writer, journalist, musician and theatre critic residing in London.
However, she is originally from Liverpool and not Yorkshire.
In 2005, she was named one of "Pennsylvania's Most Influential Reporters" by the Pennsylvania political news website PoliticsPA.
Hannah Beech is a journalist for TIME Magazine.
Before joining Channel 4 News, he worked as a writer for Comic Relief.
Until April 2007, Giles wrote full-time for the journal Nature.
Ioanna Roumeliotis is a CBC News reporter currently featured on the Canadian television newscast CBC News: The National.
Born in Norfolk, Virginia, he attended public schools in Palmetto, Florida.
Christine Laura Simpson is a Canadian television personality, best known as a hockey reporter, host and interviewer.
TV viewers can see him on PBS affiliate KBDI in Denver and across Colorado.
In Morocco, he covered the defeat and abdication of Sultan Abd-el-Aziz for the Associated Press.
In 2002, Mr. Wilder won the American Society of Business Publications Editors award for best feature series.
Schizas claims on his website Happy Capitalism that he analyzed over 16,000 stocks during his time with BNN.
At the BBC he worked as a producer, reporter and then legal correspondent.
He was married for 44 years, and had three children.
It was there she met future Quebec premier René Lévesque with whom she would go on to co-host the radio program Carrefour.
She is the author of the book "The Other Side of Impossible" about people facing difficult illnesses who find ways of getting better on their own.
He was also the BBC commentator for the raising of the Mary Rose in October 1982, clips of which regularly appear on nostalgia and retrospective programmes.
She spent the next few years of her life abroad, meeting seminal figures of the time and sharing her experiences with the Quebec public.
Starting January 2016, Fife has served as Ottawa bureau chief for The Globe and Mail.
Lake Sagaris is a Canadian journalist, poet and translator who lives in Chile.
He was also the city founder of Grand Junction, Colorado.
In 1866, she married first Henry Rust Mighels, owner and editor of the Carson City Nevada Appeal.
Singel also founded a copy editing company called The Universal Desk in 2009.
One of the few journalists who could call Robert Maxwell's bluff during the time he was editor.
The Summer 2008 Carolina Communicator includes a profile of Meyer, written by one of his former students, John Bare.
The documentary was based on undercover footage gathered by Gwynne who posed as a football hooligan looking to get involved in far-right politics.
Since 2004, Tucker has made regular appearances on CBC Radio One's comedy program WireTap.
In January 2010, Di Giuseppe co-organized a successful fundraiser called YYC4Haiti in Calgary, Alberta that raised more than $30,000 for earthquake relief in Haiti.
In 1953, Jasmin entered Radio-Canada's television news service where she made a name for herself with such programs as Reportages and Conférence de presse.
In 1999 he moved to The Daily Telegraph as cricket correspondent, before joining the Daily Mail as a general sportswriter in 2002.
She also took part in a celebrity edition of BBC Two's afternoon quiz show The Weakest Link.
Blaustein once served as a radio Producer for Alan Colmes of the Fox News Channel's Hannity and Colmes, and nationally syndicated radio personality Barry Farber.
He has been editor of the architecture journal Blueprint, and has written for the Evening Standard and The Guardian.
Juliana Farha is a member of The Fawcett Society and Liberty, and she supports other human rights and civil liberties organisations.
In February 2009, Saba presented a four-part series on the BBC World Service called A Taste of Iran.
Spy Schools: How the CIA, FBI, and Foreign Intelligence Secretly Exploit America's Universities, will be published by Henry Holt and Co. in October 2017.
Samuel Kerkham Ratcliffe was an English journalist and lecturer.
In 2002 he succeeded Lucy Musgrave as director of the Architecture Foundation, leaving to concentrate on journalism full-time in 2008.
He specializes in global and European economic issues, notably globalisation, migration, the post-crisis world and the euro.
Albert Lawrence Delugach was an American Pulitzer Prize-winning reporter.
He frequently writes for The New York Times.
Armitage attended Saint Mary's University, Halifax where he played football quarterback.
He also spent time as a member of the General Council of the Trades Union Congress.
It is now one of the largest independent media organizations in Canada.
He was Production Editor on Amiga Power magazine and Reviews Editor for the brief early version of Wired UK.
She began her journalism career as an intern for Rolling Stone magazine and later served as an assistant editor at Us magazine.
Arthur Montford was a Scottish Television sports journalist, best known for his 32-year tenure as the presenter of Scottish Television's Scotsport.
Jean Heller graduated from The Ohio State University School of Journalism in 1964.
His father, Michael Connor, was a longtime TV news anchor for the same station.
She and Dudman went to his room.
John Plender is a British financial journalist.
From 1901 to 1944 he was the editor of the Manitoba Free Press, later named the Winnipeg Free Press.
Norman Shrapnel was an English journalist, author, and parliamentary correspondent.
He was the anchor of CBC Television's The National News from 1966 to 1969.
She is the recipient of the Dorothea Lange Fellowship for outstanding work in documentary photography.
Cochrane wrote a column for the New Statesman magazine from around 2006 to July 2008.
However, The Shackled Continent and its ideology also came under criticism: "Here is the authentic voice of the new-style missionary in Africa.
In 1986 Giles joined the Dumb Mermaids for a one-off concert at the Quay Theatre Sudbury.
Martha Lena Morrow Lewis, commonly known by her middle name Lena, was an American orator, political organizer, journalist, and newspaper editor.
He is co-editor along with Evan Solomon of a series of anthologies published by House of Anansi press, that are part of the Ingenuity Project.
His skills as a reporter were particularly reflected in the parliamentary news which he covered himself.
She was also the host for the show Perfect Fit Thursdays @ 5:00 PM EST on CP24.
A better-known winner that year was Margaret Mitchell, who won for Gone With the Wind.
Michael Friscolanti is a senior writer with Maclean's magazine, and the author of the book Friendly Fire: The Untold Story of the U.S.
Previously, he was Features Editor of Estates Gazette, a weekly business magazine for the UK commercial real estate industry.
Martin James Kettle is a British journalist and author.
He was research director in Buchanan's 1992 campaign.
Woolnough was lured to the Daily Star in 2001 after owner Richard Desmond authorised a £200,000 pay package.
He has a doctorate in philosophy from the University of Oxford.
His reporting and views on the Fundamentalist–Modernist Controversy were known nationally and mentioned in Time Magazine.
She was born in Istanbul, Turkey and raised in both Ontario and Vancouver.
Chippindale reported on the Birmingham Six trial and that of the Guildford Four and "he thought they'd got the wrong men in both cases".
On that website,, he writes the blog "Catastrophe, A Blog of World War One."
She then served as a member of the NYF Grand Jury from 2011-2014.
He worked as a correspondent in turns for Reuters, Radio Free Europe, The Economist, The Financial Times, and again for The Economist.
Venning is the granddaughter of General Sir Walter Walker, a senior British soldier in the post-World War II period.
He coordinated the Dragons and Tigers competition for Asian films at the Vancouver International Film Festival from 1988 to 2006.
Most recent is Men: A Love Story.
In 2007, Paquet won the North American leg of the World Quizzing Championships.
Patricia N. "Pat" Battle is an American journalist.
Halling used to co-present the National Football League on Sky Sports along with Kevin Cadle.
as made famous by Pardon My Take contributors Dan Katz and Preffered Football Commenter.
In 2010, he was editor of the editorial page of The Philadelphia Inquirer.
He was the recipient of a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1975 to write fiction, but then began to write journalism, notably for Harper's Magazine.
He ended up making 18.5 percent on his year's betting before donating the proceeds to charity.
Arsenault joined the CBC in 1991, as an editorial assistant and night assignment editor for CBC Toronto.
Bartholomew Green was a printer at and later the publisher of The Boston News-Letter.
Bennett died in his home in Chicago in 1940.
Jeff Kosseff is a cybersecurity law professor at the United States Naval Academy.
In 1995 she began reporting from Queen's Park in Toronto, with her reports appearing both on CHCH's local news and on WIC's national newscast Canada Tonight.
Brewster co-wrote the book Last Night a DJ Saved My Life with Frank Broughton.
She was a reporter and digital editor for the Chicago Tribune's books section until February 2011, when the news organization named her as social media editor.
An active journalist, Pelayo was formerly a reporter for The Manila Times and was also a correspondent in South Vietnam during the Vietnam War.
For the American racehorse trainer see: David A. Whiteley
Raised in Highland Park, New Jersey, he attended Highland Park High School.
His appointment was named a few months after the death of 11pm anchor Mark Dailey.
In 2004, Seelye received an honorary doctorate from Amherst College and is also a Fulbright Scholar.
That directorship is now held by Sarah Ichioka.
Adam Mars-Jones is a British novelist and literary critic.
Hensel was a guest on the radio show Loveline.
Dear graduated from Coventry Polytechnic before completing a diploma in journalism at University College Cardiff.
John Blake is a journalist for CNN.
Dixe Wills is an author and journalist, mostly writing green travel pieces for The Guardian.
In 1841 he married Catherine Darby of Trafalgar.
Meredith Etherington-Smith is a British fashion and art journalist and biographer.
He is a faculty member in the Graduate School of Journalism at the University of British Columbia.
David Tell is an American conservative political journalist.
A longer version of the film aired on Frontline.
John Plender is with the Financial Times where he has been a columnist and a senior editorial writer since 1981.
His competition would be radio veteran Jack Webster.
Bibaud was the founder and editor of La Bibliothèque canadienne with the close assistance of Joseph-Marie Bellenger.
He won the Historical Writers' Association Crown for best debut novel.
She is a correspondent for National Journal and writes from the national perspective on domestic policy issues.
Ros has covered stories ranging from the HIV crisis in southern Africa to the Darfuri refugee camps inside Eastern Chad.
Following the 2010 UK General Election in which the Scottish Conservatives won only one seat, Mr Crow's post was terminated due to 'financial constraints'.
His own Information Digest reported on extremist movements on both the left and right ends of the political spectrum.
Born in London, Ontario, Stevens was a longtime Ottawa columnist for The Globe and Mail and later became the paper's managing editor.
Scott Higham is a Pulitzer Prize-winning member of The Washington Post's investigations unit.
He is based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and covers the energy industry and general issues in the Mid-Atlantic Region of the United States.
Kabul writes in the journal, Network World of Vara's reportage on corporate computer systems.
Bill Sherk is a Canadian writer and journalist and is an authority on old cars.
In 1973, he took over as editor although he had no prior experience as a journalist, after sacking the incumbent editor, George Gale.
As a journalist, Vander Weyer is known for writing extensively about business, economics and financial morality in a distinctively accessible and entertaining style.
She received her Bachelor of Arts degree from Harvard University in 1980, graduating summa cum laude.
She also holds an honorary doctorate from Old Dominion University for her contributions to journalism.
From 2011 to 2012, he was Chicago bureau chief, based at Chicago City Hall, for FM News Chicago, WIQI-FM 101.1.
Born in Windsor, Ontario, she began her journalism career at the University of Windsor student newspaper, The Lance, and the university's radio station, CJAM.
Charles Spencer is descended from several generations of noted early aeronauts.
She attended graduate school at the University of Alabama, where she worked for WUAL-FM radio.
Before college, he studied piano at the Juilliard School of Music.
In 1954 he immigrated to Canada to become editor of the Winnipeg Free Press.
Eric J. Etheridge is an American journalist and photographer who was the initial editor, in 1995, of George, the magazine co-founded by John F. Kennedy, Jr..
In 2011, Thompson returned to Sheridan as the keynote speaker for its graduating class and was inducted into its "Wall of Fame."
Today, Crawford continues his work penning the back page column, "Bryon Crawford's Kentucky" for Kentucky Living magazine.
Aris Roussinos is a journalist working for Vice News.
He was fluent in Yiddish, Spanish, French, German, Italian, and Portuguese and translated a variety of literary works into English.
He became the Telegraph's Assistant Editor in 1923, and was appointed Editor the following year, serving until 1950.
In 1963 Lyons received the Alfred I. duPont Award.
Michael J. Mandel is an economist and economic journalist.
[1] DiStaso was described as the "dean of the New Hampshire press corps" by greenmountainpolitics.blogspot.com.
She is the former co-anchor of Global News Hour, along with Leslie Roberts, a job she started on June 1, 2010.
In 2015, he started writing a trivia column for Reader's Digest.
He worked for the Atomic Energy Commission from 1949 to his death.
Éva Circé-Côté, born Éva Circé in Montreal, was a journalist, a poet, a librarian and established the first public library in Montreal in 1903.
She is also a graduate of the University of Texas and is a member of Alpha Kappa Alpha sorority and Jack and Jill of America.
Red Fisher is a former Canadian sports journalist whose columns focused on the National Hockey League and its Montreal Canadiens team.
From 2001 to 2008 she was a columnist for The Observer.
He attended UC Berkeley, where he edited the campus humor magazine, the California Pelican.
She was the first woman to host a CBC Olympic Games broadcast.
His first series began with The Water Clock, featuring fictional journalist Philip Dryden, based in the Cambridgeshire area of Great Britain.
Jojo Chintoh is a Canadian television journalist, who worked as a feature and documentary reporter for Citytv in Toronto until 2009-10.
He has been a talk show host on CKNW since 1989.
During that time, he created the English edition of the Kathimerini after buying a majority holding in the paper.
He is best known as the former Business Correspondent at ITV News London.
He also wrote for Clarks Originals, for whom he wrote a book about 50 years of the Desert Boot.
In addition, he wrote a good many articles for the now-defunct Illustrated London News.
Marguerite McDonald was a Canadian television and radio journalist, most noted as the first host of CBC Radio One's weekly political affairs series The House.
He also helped launch In Business on Radio 4.
He lives in Beijing, is married and has three children.
In 1979, the family moved to the suburb of Olton, where his father ran the 'King Fisher'.
He started anchoring the 11:30 news at CTV in 1981, and was named the National Editor in 1998.
In 1993, she became the youngest winner of the Periodical Publishers Association Magazine Writer of the Year award for her work on Select magazine.
2016 Nominated for Canadian Association of Journalists Award for W5’s “The Comeback-Gordie Howe's Stem Cell Treatment”
Ebenezer Fox, was an English journalist who later settled in Australia and New Zealand.
A former reporter for The National Enquirer, she is also the co-founder of BrownGirlsPublishing.com, a boutique publishing company.
Lowell Nussbaum was a professional journalist whose The Things I Hear column ran in The Indianapolis Star newspaper from 1945 to 1971.
Regular host Rita Celli is currently on maternity leave.
Maurice Bernier was a Canadian journalist, cellist, and music critic.
In 2008 he was embedded for two months with Canadian troops in Afghanistan.
She has also written a memoir of her search for information about her maternal grandparents, A Burmese Legacy.
Alfred Israel later had the family name changed to Rayle.
These include bankability, career management, professionalism, promotion, risk factors and talent.
From 2009 to 2013, she was posted to the network's Washington, D.C. bureau.
Sansone was the co-host of Score on the NFL with Cam Stewart.
His third novel, Seeking Salamanca Mitchell, was published in July 2004.
For other uses of David Smith, see David Smith.
In 2012 Winter was named among the top 10 most influential sportswriters in Britain by the trade publication, UK Press Gazette.
She is married to Belfast-born comedian Michael Smiley.
Since leaving the news business, Mroczkowski is now a media consultant and occasional actor.
He worked as a proofreader's assistant for the Daily Mail and then wrote for the South London Press and the Evening Standard.
He also presented Grampian Television's political programme Crossfire from 1999 until its axing in 2004.
She also served on the board of The Associated Press.
In 2001, he became the CTV News bureau chief in London, England and spent the next dozen years covering major international events.
Common has filed reports from across Canada, the United States and Europe, as well as helped cover conflicts in Haiti, Afghanistan and Iraq.
I haven't exactly had to wait my turn... My last column is Nov. 20..."
He was born in Birkenhead, Wirral c. 1947, the son of John and Norah McCarthy.
She studied at the City of London School for Girls and City University.
In 1991 Wells founded Allure magazine and served as the editor-in-chief until 2015.
He later co-wrote a book with Ron Hall about amateur sailor Donald Crowhurst's failed attempt to circumnavigate the world and subsequent suicide.
She also contributes to the Daily Telegraph, Prospect, New Scientist and the Radio Times.
Frank Page died on Saturday 9 August 2014 from septicemia, in Herefordshire England, aged 84.
Beginning in June 2017, Will and Mangesh have been producing the podcast Part Time Genius, a variety style knowledge show, created in partner with HowStuffWorks.
Dupuy's writing has also been published in books including a collection of short stories called What Was I Thinking?
He was made a Knight of the Order of Leopold in 1919.
He is an author, journalist, and fellow of All Souls College Oxford.
Currently the chief TV critic for The New York Times, he previously wrote Time's Tuned In column for 16 years.
He was a press spokesman for Queen Elizabeth II until 2000.
He is a frequent contributor to Playbill and wrote a regular column for Broadway.com until 2006.
magazine from 1987–92 and currently contributes to Classic Rock Magazine.
Prior to CTV she hosted an Alberta Travel show for Shaw TV.
He was the first black journalist to hold that office.
Allister Heath is a British business journalist and commentator.
She has documented the 24 Hour Party People era and edited several collections of chemical fiction, including Disco Biscuits in 1997.
She is the author of the books The Late Arrival and Notes from Utopia.
Previously he was Senior Lecturer at the Welsh School of Architecture in Cardiff University, Wales, where he continues to teach design and architectural analysis.
Arthur Gordon Clough, was an English radio presenter and journalist, primarily known for his work on BBC Radio 4.
Each day there are four or five dilemmas sent in anonymously by readers, which are published and answered by Deidre.
Giles Gherson is Deputy Minister and Associate Secretary of the Cabinet, Policy and Delivery, in the Cabinet Office for the Ontario government.
He often writes for the New York Review of Books concerning the media and foreign affairs.
Romero was the Andean bureau chief, based in Caracas, Venezuela, from 2006 to 2011.
Julian Sher is a Canadian investigative journalist and author based in Montreal.
Geoffrey Albert Wheatcroft is a British journalist and writer.
A lifelong member of the Scottish Liberal Democrats, Pickard stood in two general elections as a candidate for North East Fife.
He is the International Director of the Electronic Frontier Foundation.
She writes mainly for The Guardian, and published her first novel, Twenty-One Locks, in 2010.
De Mesquita spearheaded the growth of ice hockey in the United Kingdom during the 1950s.
He worked at newspapers around the Pacific Northwest from 1978–1996, notably in Idaho; Montana; and in western Washington.
Clarke has been named the Royal Television Society Sports News Reporter of the Year three times: 2001, 2002 and 2005.
Mike Pattenden is a freelance journalist and writer.
John Gregory Myre is an American journalist and NPR's digital editor for international news.
She then moved on to CKWS in Kingston, Ontario.
Ffitch presented programs such as This Week and News at Ten.
A former chairman of the Guild of Motoring Writers, his interests included theatre, motorsport, jazz and golf, the latter of which he played with Denis Thatcher.
She has written for The Daily Beast, Politico and The Huffington Post.
Mike Williams, is a British journalist and editor, currently Editor in Chief of the NME.
Her late husband Sam Organ was a television producer for BBC Bristol.
In 2011, he released the book An Epic Swindle which made the Sunday Times Top Ten best-sellers list and reached Number One in Amazon's best-sellers chart.
in 1985 from Cornell University in history and an M.A.
He has been a resident ever since and now calls it home, despite his southern upbringing.
In 2010, Bunin became the first anchor at ESPN to win the company’s prestigious “Game Ball” award for character.
Benjamin Bell had a varied and important career as a journalist, editor and publisher.
He then went on to write Second Hand Circus and The Dream Merchants.
He was educated at Bradfield College and St Catharine's College, Cambridge where he graduated with a degree in English in 1975.
Scott was educated at Radley College and Corpus Christi College, Oxford, where he read History.
Philip W. Cook is an American journalist.
He became a "videographer" for the CityPulse news programme in 1990, subsequently becoming a host and reporter for the national Bravo!
He was also credited as “Liner Notes, A&R” on “High Volume: The Stoner Rock Collection CD”.
He also writes for The Guardian and Climate News Network.
Together with Danny O'Brien, he was jointly responsible for publishing the email newsletter Need To Know.
In July 2010, it was announced that Brown is to join the culture desk at the Scottish Government's Communication Office.
In October 2009 Broadfoot replaced Rob Shohouse as the Head of the Scottish Football Association's Communications Department.
Alan S. Cowell is a British journalist and a former foreign correspondent for The New York Times.
and Kelner was editor-in-chief of The Independent and Independent on Sunday newspapers from May 1998 to 2008, succeeding Andrew Marr and Rosie Boycott.
It is regarded as an influential book in the field, being one of the first to take an investigative approach to writing about his subject.
From 1978 to 1985 she was at the BBC.
Johnson is the former co-editor of Labor Notes.
It suggests they are more interested in propaganda than honest reporting"
Between 2008 and 2013 he was Senior Correspondent for NYTimes.com based in Paris.
in English, as well as the University of Montana, where he studied creative writing.
He held degrees from Saint Joseph's University and the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism, where he served on the adjunct faculty for over thirty years.
In 2010 he was awarded "Digital Journalist of the Year" in the North West at the O2 Media Awards.
Woolnough was previously the presenter of Hold the Back Page from 1994.
In April 2013, Burke moderated the leaders' debate in the 2013 provincial election in British Columbia.
He lives in London with his wife Virginia and two daughters.
Kenny Macintyre was a Scottish political journalist.
He is a graduate of St. Laurence High School and Northern Illinois University.
He represented Port au Port from 1966 to 1971 in the Newfoundland House of Assembly.
His children are Tyra, Livia, Annika and Owen Gravenor.
Henry Addington Bayley Bruce, best known as H. Addington Bruce was an American journalist and author of psychology books.
IV The Traffique and vendable Commodities of the Countrey.
He authored the Keep Our NHS Public campaign pamphlet The 'Patchwork Privatisation' of our health service: A users' guide.
He covered state politics for 25 years before his retirement in 1963.
In 1991, his story was made into a made-for-TV movie, Held Hostage.
Donnelly also won the Best Radio Reporting honour at the 1992 Jack Webster Awards.
In 2008, that material served as the basis for his book Breach of Peace: Portraits of the 1961 Mississippi Freedom Riders.
Richard John Spencer is a British journalist.
Reid worked in manufacturing before earning a bachelor's degree from Harvard Extension School in 1990 and beginning a career in journalism.
He attended Bury Grammar School before studying English Literature & Politics at the University of York.
Larry Elliott is an English journalist and author who focuses on economic issues.
He served as Editor in Chief and Editorial Director at Business 2.0 until the publication was sold to AOL Time Warner in July 2001.
Delugach died of mesothelioma in January 2015 in Los Feliz, Los Angeles.
The first was Fueling the Future, published in 2003, and the second was Feeding the Future, published in 2005.
One of his cousins was Bertha Lloyd, wife of songwriter Fred Godfrey.
A book was published after his death, edited by his former colleagues.
Michael Logan is a columnist for the weekly magazine TV Guide, with a specialty in analyzing soap operas.
Murphy was disappointed when Jonathan Agnew succeeded Christopher Martin-Jenkins as BBC Cricket Correspondent, as alluded to by Peter Baxter in Inside the Box
His 2016 documentary Mostly Sunny is a profile of Bollywood actress and former pornographic star Sunny Leone.
He helped build early Web sites for clients such as Canon and Sony.
Muscle was described by Steven Poole in The Guardian as "Superb" and by Giles Smith in The Times as "when it's not alarming, it's merely amazing".
His book, The Escape Artists: How Obama's Team Fumbled the Recovery was released in February 2012.
After three years teaching and writing in California he then joined the Financial Times in London before moving to America.
He lives in Sussex with his wife and children
Gurnett resigned from the city council at the end of 1850, after having been appointed the first police magistrate of Toronto.
Ward joined Toronto's CFTO in August 1988 as a reporter and was promoted to news anchor in September.
Formerly co-anchor of Global Toronto's 6 p.m. News Hour, she was hired in September 2009 by the CBC News Network.
Wasserman would have some inside information on headline stories.
She joined the BBC in London and worked as a producer for Radio 2 and Radio 4.
Although it achieved a circulation of 155,000 in its first week, this dropped within months to fewer than 40,000.
Allen Barra is an American journalist and author of a number of sports books.
He now produces Connect the World with Becky Anderson.
Hakim Almasmari is a Yemeni American journalist who is the publisher and editor in chief of Yemen Post newspaper.
He also appears frequently in Wisden Cricketers' Almanack and The Wisden Cricketer, and is a regular radio and television pundit.
In 1966, Radio-Canada named Jasmin their United Nations correspondent and, later, their Washington correspondent.
He started in journalism at The Martlet while at the University of Victoria, in British Columbia, during the mid-1970s.
He also wrote many Christian deist articles under the pen names of "Socrates" and "Publicola".
Michael Collins is a British author, journalist and television presenter.
Conrad Poirier is a Quebec photographer, a pioneer of photojournalism in Quebec.
Mike Grenby is a Canadian/Australian academic and journalist.
He is a long-time campaigner for journalists' rights and is a former activist with the National Union of Journalists in Great Britain and Ireland.
Adam Tinworth is a business journalist and writer, resident in London.
In April 2007, he became The Globe's European business correspondent, based in Rome.
His wife is the crime writer Ann Purser; they have two daughters and one son.
Before she joined CTV News, Milczarek was a reporter and part-time anchor to Global TV's First National with Peter Kent.
Andrew Nikiforuk is a Canadian journalist who has won multiple National Magazine Awards.
He has been inducted in the Associated Press Hall-of-Fame.
He spent three years working for the station's flagship news programmes Newshour, The World Today, Assignment and From Our Own Correspondent.
Of Scottish extraction, he was educated at Inverness College and the University of Edinburgh.
Webb was editor of Puffin Books between 1961 and 1979, and in 1967 founded the Puffin Club, which she ran until 1981.
The album was remastered by Dave Hoser in 2014.
He was also responsible for the creation of the gossip columnists The 3AM Girls.
Glanfield has worked for a number of national newspapers.
Michael de Koningh was a contemporary British music journalist specialising in Jamaican music, reggae afrobeat and afrofunk.
Corina Knoll is an editor and award-winning American journalist who writes for California and Sports sections for the Los Angeles Times.
She has written for Harper's Magazine, Fast Company, The Atlantic and Businessweek and WIRED.
As well as covering nightlife and the arts, he often focuses on people on the margins of society.
Alec Foege is an American author and magazine journalist.
Her father, Richard Venning, was a lieutenant-colonel of the 2nd King Edward VII's Own Gurkha Rifles.
He was also one of the few Canadian journalists present when the crisis in Tiananmen Square hit in Beijing, in June 1989.
Lynch also worked for newspapers in Port Huron, Ypsilanti, Traverse City, Mount Pleasant and Battle Creek, Michigan.
He is currently Chairman of The Economist Group, Royal London and PGI.
He also reported extensively on the Guantanamo Bay prison camp.
He also has been involved with the architecture magazines Building Design, Architectural Review, The Architect and Blueprint.
She was named Best Science Commentator at the 2013 Comment Awards.
Hughes is a regular contributor on Sky News’ Press Preview and from June 2012 has been a regular press reviewer on ITV’s Daybreak.
He was formerly a senior editor at The New Republic, where he wrote about U.S. foreign policy and international affairs.
He has also written for the New York Times and New York Observer, and was formerly a columnist for Salon.com.
Following rumours about a role at Rangers, he took up the position of Director of Communications on 8 December 2012 and resigned on 1st November 2013.
He began his career in Ottawa, reporting for CJOH before moving to Vancouver to help CTV's Vancouver station.
Samuel Norman Bueno de Mesquita was a British sports journalist and broadcaster who specialized in the coverage of cricket and ice hockey.
Maurice worked as a reporter in Huntington, West Virginia, prior to joining the Daily Mail of Charleston, West Virginia, in 1938.
William G. Lambert, a native of Langford, South Dakota, was a Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist who wrote for the Portland Oregonian, Life magazine and other publications.
He is also the author of the authorized biography of the band, Dream Theater, titled Lifting Shadows, released in November 2007.
McNeil was the editor of Rhizome at the New Museum, from 2011 to 2012.
Peter John Seabrook MBE is a British gardening writer and television broadcaster.
However, some of Britain's most notorious murderers are not serving whole-life sentences.
Laura Topham is a journalist working for the Daily Mail newspaper.
Since 2010, John O'Leary has worked as a member of the Executive Advisory Board of QS Quacquarelli Symonds, compilers of the QS World University Rankings.
His first column was about Lizzie Borden.
Jeffrey William Anderson was a Canadian music critic, journalist, and television and radio producer.
During his time covering Forest, Hamilton developed a close, if at times testy, relationship with the club's famously outspoken manager, Brian Clough.
In 2002, she was one of a few American journalists to visit and report from Saudi Arabia.
Jefferson Graham is a Los Angeles-based tech columnist for USA Today  and the host of USA Today's [1] Talking Tech video and audio series.
His work and life is well known in the period indicated.
In 1964, Franjola trained to join the Peace Corps, but wasn't selected for the program.
Linda Douglass was director of communications for the White House Office of Health Reform in the Obama Administration.
She was with that station since 1981, when it was known as BCTV, then a CTV affiliate.
This is considered important both for managing the diving work, and as a safety measure for monitoring the condition of the diver.
He joined the paper in 1939 and retired in 1984.
Laity became Defence Correspondent from 1989 until 2000.
He also was briefly a science-fiction writer.
His column appeared on the back page of the Chronicle's Datebook section Tuesdays through Fridays.
His son, François-Maximilien, became a widely published writer on diverse topics concerning law and judicial matters.
Innocently, I asked what her feelings about the strike were.
In April 2015 Long appeared in an episode of BBC's Have I Got News for You in which she made comments about UKIP Leader Nigel Farage.
Mark Douglas-Home is a Scottish author and journalist.
He was best known as a contributing editor of the Saturday Review, a position he had held since 1946, after a brief stint as managing editor.
He was working for Time as early as 1991.
Joshua Rufus Rozenberg QC is a British legal commentator and journalist.
Juliana Farha worked at CBC Radio in Toronto and was Editor-in-Chief of Watch, a youth culture magazine.
This period of his career is described in Combat Correspondents—The Baltimore Sun in World War II, written by former Sun editorial page editor Joseph R.L.
She has also worked for the Ottawa Citizen and the National Post.
He joined the Star as a sportswriter in 1942, becoming sports editor in 1949.
Anthony Fenton is a Canadian independent print and radio journalist and writer.
Higham, Sari Horwitz and Sarah Cohen were awarded the 2002 Pulitzer Prize for their investigation into the deaths of foster children in Washington DC.
Tim Dowling is an American journalist and author who writes a weekly column in The Guardian about his life with his family in London.
Affectionately known as "The old car detective", he predominantly writes books and articles on old cars and the stories behind them and their owners.
George Alsop appreciated the new colony, but at the end of his service to Thomas Stockett, he grew ill and returned to England.
He has also written innumerable liner notes for record reissues and compilations.
He co-founded a Linux International member company, Electric Lichen L.L.C., which is an open-source Internet development firm.
He has also appeared on a number of media outlets such as Good Morning America, Talk of the Nation, and CNN.
From 1912-1920 he studied the cello with J.-Alexandre Gilbert and Paul Robitaille.
She served as both co-anchor of the Saturday Early Show and a national correspondent for The Early Show from August 2005 through May 2007.
Also a small Treatise on the wilde and naked Indians of Mary-Land, their Customs, Manners, Absurdities, & Religion.
She was subpoenaed by the Senate Internal Security Subcommittee in November 1955 during their investigation into Communists in the media.
He was born in Bude, Cornwall, England.
From 1888 to 1910, Brownell worked as an editor at Charles Scribner's Sons, where he edited such well-known authors as Edith Wharton.
After coming to the United States, he worked for the New York Herald, the New York Tribune, and the New York Evening Post.
In 2015, he won the Pulitzer Prize for Investigative reporting with several colleagues for a series of articles exposing abuses in the Medicare system.
He then worked for the Civil Works Administration and the Tennessee Valley Authority.
He served on the editorial staff of the Engineering News until 1906; then he became editor of Engineering and Contracting.
He arrived in Quebec City on 30 September 1763, a week before the Province of Quebec was declared by the British.
In the past she has written for various publications including Strings magazine, where she was Canadian correspondent.
Until November 2005, he managed British Sea Power, a band which includes his younger brothers Yan and Hamilton.
In 2013 she was appointed Deputy Director of News and Current Affairs.
Although born in Darlington and brought up in North Yorkshire Walton currently lives in East Anglia.
Salusbury served in the Mediterranean during the Second World War and subsequently received his first posting as the acting British Ambassador to Greece.
He gained a doctorate at the University of Nottingham and worked in Australia and Canada.
Weiler was born in Russia in 1908 and died in Astoria, Queens at age 93 in 2002.
His writing has appeared in several newspapers, magazines and arts journals, and he has worked as a broadcaster for both radio and television.
The latter was nominated for the Booktrust Teenage Prize in 2005.
Jennifer Frances Hedger is a Canadian television personality, the co-host of TSN's nightly sports news program SportsCentre.
is a survey of contemporary historical Jesus scholarship and is aimed at the lay reader.
According to Long, he has "covered more than 400 Cup races" since 1999.
The Past and Future Land: an account of the Mackenzie Valley Pipeline Inquiry
as well as in-flight magazines, Atmosphere and Airborn.
Sheppard's work is wide-ranging, often combining history, philosophy, and culture — high and low — with hardcore sex.
Brown is also a keen supporter of Leeds United A. F. C..
His Life magazine story on Fortas won the George Polk Award for magazine reporting that year.
In 1977, Kay was convicted of the manslaughter of his wife, on the grounds of diminished responsibility.
Simon Sheppard is a writer of gay erotica and a sex-advice columnist from San Francisco.
Prior to the debate Nagata earned brief notoriety for quitting CTV and publicizing his reasons for leaving a career in mainstream TV behind on his blog.
Matthew Kang is Canadian television journalist and video producer for Forbes Magazine.
Many of the predicaments featured are fairly improbable, and it is the opinion of some that they are more than likely fabrications.
As a member of the Canadian Forces he studied and worked as an instructor at the Royal Military College in Kingston, Ontario.
Berlau is also a regular contributor to Newsmax, where he writes a column titled "Economic View."
Sullivan is a 1990 graduate of Saint Joseph Regional High School in Montvale, New Jersey.
He has written about rock and heavy metal since 1979.
He has spent time covering the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.
She appears on CBC News Network, CBC Radio and CBC-TV's The National.
Gaskell is an alumnus of Noel-Baker Community School
He was recently awarded the Paul Foot Award for his journalism in the case of Stephen Lawrence.
Nick Parker, an English journalist, is the chief foreign correspondent of London-based The Sun newspaper.
In 2006/2007, she was the host of the reality show "Outlaw Inlaws" on Slice.
Mary Katherine Keemle "Kate" Field was an American journalist, lecturer, and actress, of eccentric talent.
Dawna Friesen is a Canadian television journalist, currently the chief anchor and executive editor of Global National.
She was one of a panel of three hosts on WNYC's Gabfest.
Bernard Shrimsley was a British journalist and newspaper editor.
Don Riddell is an English news anchor and sports journalist.
He was a Senior Associate Member of St Antony's College, Oxford, from 1993 to 1996 and a Visiting Professor in the Institute of Balkan Studies, Thessaloniki).
Recent engagements include the Official Opening of Sheffield City Hall, Sheffield's Off-The-Shelf Literature Festival; hosting the public 'Sheffield First' strategy launch and Danceworks UK.
A feature-length version is currently in development, as are several feature-length scripts and a TV series.
He was honoured in his hometown of Prescott, Ont., in June 2014 by being placed on the South Grenville District High School Wall of Fame.
Sierra Leone has four distinct geographical regions: coastal Guinean mangroves, the wooded hill country, an upland plateau, and the eastern mountains.
He attended McGill University and wrote for The McGill Daily.
She lives in New York City with her husband, two daughters, and a dog.
Stanley Burke, Jr. was a Canadian television journalist.
Jon Carroll was a columnist for the San Francisco Chronicle from 1982, when he succeeded columnist Charles McCabe, to 2015, when he retired.
Isaac Goldberg was an American journalist, author, critic, translator, editor, publisher, and lecturer.
He attended Port Credit Secondary School in Mississauga, Ontario.
The third in the series, Neat Vodka was published in September 2006 by Little, Brown.
She also had a weekly spot on Canoe Live, SUN TV's current-affairs show.
She also covered the 2002 and 2006 Winter Olympic Games and the 2004 Summer Olympic Games.
He joined ESPN.com in 2008 after covering the Miami Dolphins for the Palm Beach Post.
Kelly Jean Wallace is a television journalist who reports for CNN.
At the BBC he led the team which devised and developed the BBC iPlayer, which necessitated no fewer than 84 internal BBC presentations.
In 1971 he moved to rival tabloid The Sun where he became news editor.
She is an Honorary Associate of the National Secular Society.
Jennifer Elizabeth Valentyne is a Canadian television personality.
The Donaldson Scholarship is dedicated to her invaluable contributions to Canadian journalism.
He died at the age of 68 on January 27, 1995 in Barrie, Ontario, of cancer.
Donkin had a short battle with cancer.
Proffitt began his public broadcasting career at KERA in Dallas.
According to his bio on HBO's website, he is a fan of English jangle-pop in the style of groups like Felt and Biff Bang Pow.
In 2006 his children's book Cousin John: The Story of a Boy and a Small Smart Pig was published by Bunker Hill.
- or words to very similar effect.
He was previously based in London, England for CBC News: Morning delivering international news.
In 2002 the IFJ welcomed the imprisonment of a government official for failing to evacuate the RTS building despite warnings of an imminent military strike.
Workman was formerly the South Asia Bureau Chief based in New Delhi, India.
On 8 September 2009, it was announced that Hames would become Special Adviser to the Speaker of the House of Commons, John Bercow.
Mary Hynes is a Canadian radio and television broadcaster.
He has written about musicians such as Jimi Hendrix and Eminem in the Stories Behind Every Song series.
He died on 4 September 1976 at his home in St. Petersburg.
He worked from 1987 to 1991 as an editorial writer at the Washington Times.
Goldring then moved to the BBC and meantime also wrote a weekly column for the Investors Chronicle, edited at the time by Andreas Whittam Smith.
His first book, Best of Enemies: Whingeing Poms Versus Arrogant Aussies, was released in early 2009.
He is a former editor and columnist of Street News.
James Perry, born James Pirie was a British journalist and newspaper editor.
He produces and presents the Managing My Money radio series, a personal finance course which leads to an Open University Certificate for listeners.
She is a Fellow of the Royal Historical Society and the Royal Society of Literature.
Bowman, editor of the Ottawa Citizen newspaper, and a member of the Aird Commission that recommended Canada have a public broadcasting system.
During the Second World War he was a Times leader writer and then worked for The Observer and The Sunday Times.
Marla Shapiro is a Canadian medical doctor, best known as a health journalist for CTV News Channel and The Globe and Mail.
Archer Winsten was a leading American film critic from the late 1930s through the early 1980s.
Julia Carling is a British journalist and television presenter.
Previously, he reported on-air for CNBC Asia and TVB Pearl, both while based in Hong Kong.
Simon Unwin is the author of Analysing Architecture and Twenty Buildings Every Architect Should Understand, both widely used in schools of architecture around the world.
Her early investigation of the Khmer Rouge was detailed in "A Problem from Hell; America in the Age of Genocide" by Samantha Power.
She can be heard answering questions at the event hosted by Piers Gibbon and the recording starts with him reading some extracts from the book.
Together with a Collection of Historical Letters.
Gifford initially covered this journey in a seven-part radio series for NPR's program Morning Edition, as one of his last journalistic projects in China.
Frederick Cyrus Andrews was born in Bushey, Herts.
In 2014, he wrote the book Sons of Wichita, a biography of the Koch family.
His awards included 'Granada TV Journalist of the Year' for 1978.
In 1995 Josie was awarded the Order of Canada.
After leaving Variety in July 2008, Thompson restarted Thompson on Hollywood as part of Indiewire.
He ended up making 18.5 percent on his year's betting before donating the proceeds to charity.
In 2016 he serialised Blimey it could be Brexit!
Born in Toronto, Donaldson first joined the CBC in 1967 as an editor with National Radio News.
Anne-Marie Green is a news anchor for CBS on American television.
Soon after, Mick began a new chapter: writing a fictional series about Sudbury’s mining history called the Nickel Range Trilogy.
Kaplan was previously editor of World Affairs and executive editor of The National Interest, both international relations quarterlies.
She also received a 2007 Honourable Mention for Best Opinion Writing.
He was born in the Eastern Townships of Quebec.
She was the editor-in-chief of the Edmonton Journal from 2013 to 2016.
She has been a frequent contributor to The New York Times.
Catherine Bennett was on the Orwell Prize's Journalism shortlist for 2009.
A former communist who had worked for The Daily Worker, Frank testified before Rep. Richard Nixon and HUAC to support Whittaker Chambers's accusations against Alger Hiss.
This is a chronology of deaths in 2017.
During this era, she published at least one murder mystery short story, "Death at Network News", in a local anthology of Ottawa writers.
He currently resides in Princeton with his wife Eileen Hohmuth-Lemonick, a photographer and photography instructor at Princeton Day School.
Much of his collection of Confederate-made edged weapons, long arms, side arms, projectiles and fuses, and accouterments were donated to the Virginia Historical Society in 1948.
He then worked as a media advisor to the Saskatchewan government before returning to writing.
He taught political reporting at Boston University's Washington Journalism Center.
He was credited with helping make the magazine a success, when Time-Life thought it would fail.
She is also the author or co-author of several books, and in 2012 became a blogger herself as editor-in-chief of a lifestyle blog called Gardenista.
Lee Sheppard is a tax commentator and contributing editor at Tax Analysts' Tax Notes.
Six years later she moved to Toronto where she was a reporter for CTV.
Barlow is editor-at-large for BBC Top Gear magazine, a long-standing contributing editor to Britain's GQ magazine and writes regularly for The Sunday Times.
David McKie is a British journalist and historian.
Previously, Cybulski worked as a host of Cybulski and Company on TSN Radio 1050.
He has lectured widely on cultural and media topics, and taught courses at several Canadian universities and colleges.
His documentaries include Amor en tiempos de influenza and La rebeldia bajo sitio, as well as features for Democracy Now!.
Amidst nationalistic ideals, she wrote scathing criticism of the idea, and instead helped to establish the Alpine Club of Canada as an independent Canadian mountaineering organization.
He was in a doctoral program in the University of Chicago when he decided to learn to fly and pursue a career in aviation.
Aged 19, she married Nick, an offshore oil IT specialist, moved to Aberdeen and worked as a secretary for oil-related companies.
At the age of 18 he went straight from grammar school to the staff of Motor Racing magazine based at Brands Hatch.
After getting a diploma in radio and television broadcasting at Canadore College, he started his career at CKNY in North Bay.
In a 2006 article "Critiquing the Critics," Cote received the highest overall rating of any New York City theater critic.
Goldstein left the paper in 2012 after a change in management.
Nunns attended a state comprehensive school before reading History at Robinson College, Cambridge receiving a first class degree with distinction.
Ian Axton is a British television newsreader, best known for his roles with ITV News West Country.
Her work in writing and overseeing articles about space topics helped garner that magazine the Space Foundation's 2001 Douglas S. Morrow Public Outreach Award.
Bhoyrul has since been employed by Richard Desmond's Express group, where he has written articles under the byline Frank Bailey.
With Roger Courtiour, he produced The Pencourt File based on interviews requested by Harold Wilson about conspiracies in the final years of his government.
She has also been a rinkside reporter for National Hockey League broadcasts in the United States with ABC, ESPN and NBCSN.
He has been a permanent staff member of The Atlantic since 2015.
He has written three books on social entrepreneurship.
Assignments have taken him from Southwest Asia to the backwaters of the Amazon.
Dreger attended college at Western Academy Broadcasting College in Saskatoon, SK.
Before joining TMS, he was in the sketch group WPSA, performing at Upright Citizens Brigade Theatre and I.O.
For many years he was parliamentary reporter in Ottawa for John Dafoe’s Free Press.
David Neiwert is a Seattle-based freelance journalist and blogger.
In April 2012 Tommy was appointed CNN International's Senior Director of Coverage for EMEA.
The former dovecote of Cross Farm was converted for her and from there she maintained prolific correspondences with friends and family.
Barnett is a writer of articles, blog posts and long essays on a regular basis for openDemocracy.
In 2005, he was named one of "Pennsylvania's Most Influential Reporters" by the Pennsylvania political news website PoliticsPA.
Since January 2011, she has also been The Guardian's resident beauty columnist, featuring weekly in their Saturday magazine and online video tutorials.
Milan Chvostek is a former producer/director at the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation.
He's a relief presenter of Asia Squawk Box on CNBC Asia when Bernard Lo is not available
She started working for CTV News in 2007.
In 2008, Nzerem received the Royal Television Society foreign news award for a report on the American 2007 Iraq troop surge.
Philip Moeller is a journalist and author, specializing in financial journalism.
In 2008, the political website PolitickerPA.com named him one of the "Most Powerful Political Reporters" in Pennsylvania.
He wrote mostly for the Daily Mail.
Matthew Price is a British journalist who currently works as Chief Correspondent for the BBC Radio 4 Today programme.
Scott Hollifield is the editor/general manager and also a columnist for The McDowell News.
During his tenure, the magazine fervently opposed British entry into the European Economic Community.
She has worked as an STV political correspondent, as a BBC political correspondent, and for the Labour Party in Scotland.
Charles Jennings was a Canadian journalist for the CBC and the father of ABC news anchor, Peter Jennings.
He grew up in Morley, West Yorkshire, and was an RAF pilot during the Second World War.
Tucker has also written book and film reviews for the Montreal Mirror, Hour and Vice.
Maggie Steber is an American documentary photographer who has covered issues from the slave trade to the science of memory.
This witty and fun book has an insight in every paragraph.
Mack started her career at the now-defunct Edinburgh Live cable TV station as a runner and production journalist.
Dina Gusovsky is an American journalist and news anchor for CNBC.
Bauldie died in controversial circumstances in a helicopter crash with the businessman Matthew Harding, having watched his favourite football team, Bolton Wanderers, defeat Chelsea.
Donkin was born in Southend-on-Sea, Essex in 1951.
Baden Langton was one of several early co-anchors of CTV National News, and worked with anchor Peter Jennings.
In early 2016, Vice began broadcasting a new television channel, VICELAND.
He also appeared as a panelist on Hockey Night in Canada.
He was also a play-by-play sportscaster for the Indiana Pacers.
He has also appeared in several films in Bristol and the West.
On 3 September 1900, he was appointed to the Canadian Senate on the recommendation of Sir Wilfrid Laurier.
She stayed with Midday until 1992, when she moved to CTV to co-host Canada AM.
It was Parker's fondest dream that mountaineering would promote conservation, patriotism, and moral discipline among Canadians.
Matheson had an intention to follow the footsteps of his father, Jack, a long-time sports editor for the Winnipeg Tribune.
In 1998, he became the producer of online content for CBC News: The National.
magazine's Top 10 of the most beautiful women on television.
He also covered the World Cup in 1999.
He writes about innovations with the internet, social media and consumer electronics.
Arthur Lubow is a journalist who has written for national magazines since 1975 and is the author of Diane Arbus: Portrait of a Photographer.
The basic facts about flying that he emphasized in 1944 have withstood much criticism since then.
He was an editor at Ryerson's student newspaper The Eyeopener, where he won a Canadian Association of Journalists award for student journalism.
Annabel Venning is a British author and journalist.
She suffered multiple fractures but was able to dictate a report of the accident.
He also presented the BBC1 arts magazine Mainstream in 1979 and a number of Songs of Praise editions in the 1970s and 1980s.
Manning was born in Omaha, Nebraska and grew up Illinois.
Dimakos has developed eleonora Makeup artistry - eMa, a branded makeup artistry and skin care business serving the Greater Toronto Area.
Jerome Socolovsky is the religion reporter for Voice of America.
In 2008 she was part of a small group of Western reporters who were allowed into Zimbabwe to report on that year's election in the country.
She is also noted as the author of a controversial biography of Louis Riel entitled Riel: A Life of Revolution.
He edited five anthologies of work from the pages, of ZYZZYVA, as well as four ZYZZYVA first novels and three ZYZZYVA first collections of poems.
James Pettifer is a British academic, author and journalist who has specialised in Balkan affairs.
In 2011 he won the Thomson Reuters Europe award for the Bureau’s investigation into EU structural funds.
He was primary organiser of the UK grassroots technology conferences Extreme Computing, NotCon04, and Open Tech 2005.
He is best known for his reporting on the Deepwater Horizon oil spill.
His first published book chronicling his years on the street.
Carl Fellstrom is a British journalist, writer and broadcaster who specialises in crime and investigations.
She has also been a guest anchor on CBC news programs such as CBC News: Sunday, Midday and As It Happens.
She is the daughter of the Welsh science writer Sir John Maddox and the journalist and biographer Brenda Maddox, and sister of Bruno Maddox.
She is a recipient of the 2009 Gerald Loeb Award for excellence in business journalism.
He subsequently wrote a column for the Evening Standard.
Martin Paul Ivens is an English journalist and editor of The Sunday Times newspaper.
Parkes was most closely associated with bands he described as "unafraid of their own intelligence", including Saint Etienne, Pulp, Spice Girls and the Manic Street Preachers.
On 16 August 2008 she married Inside Out presenter David Whiteley; they both ran in, and completed, the 2009 London Marathon.
During this time he also wrote a series of amusing rhymed fables, several based on Aesop but reworked to fit contemporary politics.
This list includes former employees as well as the current presenters:
She is married to a former news editor at the Ottawa Citizen, David F. Guy.
Inglis was born in Sparkhill, Birmingham in 1955.
He has covered Quebec political affairs since 1985.
Veronica is a native of Southern California.
In 1990, Brian's son was born and diagnosed with severe kidney problems.
Welton Jones was for 35 years a theater critic and critic-at-large for the San Diego Union-Tribune.
Kahney is currently best known for his role as editor and publisher of a popular Apple-centric blog, also titled Cult of Mac.
He is known for his work on the history and state of the art of management theory.
In March 2010, she was named one of 50 'Women to Watch' in the United Kingdom cultural and creative sectors by the Cultural Leadership Programme.
She is best known as the publisher of HighGrader, a magazine she cofounded with her husband, musician and politician Charlie Angus.
A former newspaper reporter, Birkbeck worked at The Morning Call., where he was cited for his lengthy investigative pieces on Pennsylvania's flawed gaming initiative.
chairs events at literary festivals  and regularly talks about books on BBC Radio Oxford.
Christiansen's son, Michael, also became a newspaper editor.
He is a retired news editor of the Associated Press and the author of six books, including Abandon Ship!, Savo, and Iwo Jima.
Jackie Northam is a broadcast reporter and covers Foreign Affairs for National Public Radio.
D. M. Sutherland was a British journalist and editor.
In 2006, Phillip left the United Kingdom, and immigrated to New Zealand, where he took a position at Radio New Zealand.
He has authored a seminal book on Afghanistan.
He also fills in for Diana Swain on CBC News: Toronto at 6 when she is away.
Tom Barnes was an American journalist, who worked for the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette as Harrisburg Bureau Chief.
Born in Dover but raised in Ireland, she married a British diplomat, Ronald Higgins; they lived in Indonesia, but the marriage was eventually annulled.
Mistress Matisse is a professional dominatrix, blogger, and columnist for Seattle-based alternative newspaper, The Stranger.
He also files business reports for Toronto all-news channel CablePulse24 and national cable news network CTV News Channel.
They selected some of what they saw as his best works for inclusion as well as a selection of personal emails.
Stephens grew up in Nottingham, where he attended the Mundella Grammar School.
Cho's work covering the Global financial crisis of 2008 drew admiring attention.
He spent several years as a reporter then editor at WBEZ in Chicago, Illinois.
The two publications became widely recognized for award-winning investigative work that exposed political corruption and real estate scandals in California.
The program was previously hosted by Alan Neal from 2003 to 2006.
Ellicott has appeared on CNN, ABC News, and Politically Incorrect.
She also serves frequently as a fill-in anchor for CTV National News.
In addition to documentary work and on-air reporting, Phinney has been frequently a guest and analyst for BBC, cable news programs and radio.
Peter Lennox-Kerr was an internationally known British textile journalist.
He had eight children, six of whom died in infancy.
Nancy Banks-Smith is a British television and radio critic.
He attended Concordia University's school of journalism.
She was also a contributor to the authorised Winnie-the-Pooh sequel, The Best Bear in All the World.
Hal Buell was the former head of the Photography Service at the Associated Press for twenty-five years where he supervised an international staff of 300 photographers.
Clint Wilder is a business journalist who has covered the high-tech and clean-tech industries since 1985.
He is also the author of several books.
MacInnes-Rae announced his retirement from the network in July 2014.
Michael Putney is a senior political television reporter and columnist, based in Miami, United States.
John Kay is a British journalist who worked for The Sun newspaper for several decades.
He was formerly married to broadcaster Chantal Jolis from 1980 to 1990.
He served eight times as master of ceremonies for the National Dog Show.
In January 2008, The Daily Telegraph identified him as one of the most influential Britons in America.
Landsman worked as a Linotype operator at the time of her testimony in January 1956.
He began his hockey coverage in The Montreal Star newspaper in 1954 where he remained as writer and sports editor until that paper's demise in 1979.
She has also been nominated for four Gemini awards as Best Host of a News/Information Program as well as for a Canadian Screen Award.
But she never enjoyed Manchester and returned permanently to Cross Farm in 1952 while Max remained in Manchester during term-times.
In August 2015, it was announced that Vander Weyer will take up the role of Patron to the York Union at the University of York.
As of 2016, Kelly has written fourteen crime novels.
Étienne Parent was a Canadian journalist and government official.
Philip Meyer is professor emeritus and former holder of the Knight Chair in Journalism at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
He was educated at Loughborough Grammar School and Manchester University.
He became assistant sports editor of The Observer in 1983.
While a college student, he covered the Three Mile Island accident for WSBA in York, Pennsylvania.
In 1977, he researched and wrote his first documentary segment, titled The Fur Trade Revisited.
It was Max who was instrumental in bringing Alan Turing to Manchester.
Pescovitz co-wrote the book Reality Check with Brad Wieners based on his column in Wired magazine.
Zouhali-Worrall is married to Wired journalist Andy Greenberg.
It was later optioned to be made into a film by State Street Pictures and Fox Searchlight Pictures., a memo
He has extensively covered business news and graduated from St. Thomas University in Fredericton, New Brunswick.
On Boxing Day 2013, Cook and author Matthew Drury released collaboratively-written sci-fi novel Drifting.
Buderi also served as technology editor of BusinessWeek from 1990–1992 and editor-in-chief of MIT's Technology Review from 2002-2004.
Hannah Vaughan Jones is a British journalist and presenter, employed by CNN International and previously on Sky News.
She has been an adjunct professor in the graduate Science, Health and Environmental Reporting program at New York University for the past few years.
He was an investigative projects reporter at the Kansas City Star before joining the Post in 1999.
Ed Bott is an American technology journalist and author, known for his books and articles on Microsoft Windows.
Alan Boyle is an American journalist specializing in science and technology news.
The Magic Key to Charm was published in 1938 and was made up of a collection of her immensely popular columns in the Mirror, 'Charm School'.
Chira joined The New York Times in 1981.
Prior to coming to Ottawa, he covered the Reagan years as CTV's Washington correspondent for almost a decade.
Prior to joining Reuters in September 2010, he worked for Newsweek.
In 1996, de Lisle was a consultant on fashion for the House of Fraser chain.
She has worked for the New York Post.
In 1923, Langley secured a loan from his father and John G. Winant.
About 11:00 p.m. that night Becker was awakened by the sound of gunfire.
Barrier is also a member of the North Carolina Sports Hall of Fame.
Bell is a journalist, broadcaster and author.
While at Brandeis, Dan Hirschhorn was editor in chief of the Brandeis independent student newspaper the Justice.
He is now the controller, broadcasting at the Thomson Foundation - Worldwide Media Training and Consultancy.
Ray Sprigle was a Pulitzer Prize–winning journalist for the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette.
Ian Masters is a British television broadcaster, commentator, author, screenwriter and documentary filmmaker.
He was also editor-in-chief of the arts and culture website brazenmagazine.co.uk.
'His 4th novel,Snow, was published in 2007 by VIBE Books.
Dear Deidre is the British newspaper The Sun's long running agony aunt column written by Deidre Sanders.
She announced her imminent second marriage on the platform in February 2017.
Attig was born and raised in Corvallis, Oregon.
Clark was named party leader March 14, 2011.
His influence extended to the very centre of Canadian power, both through his writing and his close relations with his employers, the Liberal Sifton family.
Born in Toronto, Ontario, Tesher studied sociology at the University of Toronto.
Anne McElvoy is a conservative British journalist for The Economist and the London Evening Standard, and a broadcaster.
Robert Scotland Liddell was a British reporter and photographer for The Sphere newspaper, who covered the events on the Russian front during the World War I.
Needs and Schneider also recorded with Leftfield as Delta Lady.
He was offered a full-time job at Engadget in 2008.
She envisioned the group promoting scientific study and cultivating mountain art.
Johnson started on Labor Notes staff in January 2003, after interning with the organization in the winter of 2002.
The novel was a shortlisted nominee for the 2004 ReLit Award in the fiction category.
He graduated from Acadia University and Université Laval before he began working for CBC Radio in Quebec City.
After the death of their parents the siblings travelled in Europe and visited Paris.
He is a former media relations manager for the National Hockey League Players Association and a former Ontario Hockey Association referee.
Elvis Presley: The Illustrated Record, with Mick Farren
He writes on nonviolence, with an emphasis on the Middle East and in particular Palestine and Israel.
As a freelance reporter he has written for The Atlantic Monthly, U.S. News & World Report, Columbia Journalism Review, and Mother Jones.
Between 1909-37 he was the paper's leader-writer under the pseudonym Rip Van Winkle, earning himself the title of 'keeper of the Tory conscience'.
He also chairs two educational charities in Guernsey, the Elizabeth College Foundation and the Gibson Fleming Trust.
He was appointed the publication's chief reporter in 1990.
She has been a correspondent for Panorama since 2006.
Among the awards for Meyerson's work: A national Edward R. Murrow Award for audio investigative reporting in 2016 from the Radio Television Digital News Association.
In 2005, Topham, then a graduate student at City University, was named Student Journalist of the Year by Press Gazette.
After the Act of Union of 1840, he became a member of the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada.
Tuggelin Yourgrau is an American playwright and TV producer.
Rhodes's duties include shaping and editing the site's content, as well as writing "The Papers", a media-criticism column that runs weekdays on the site's main page.
One of his publishing endeavours, Le Canard, became a rapid success.
He is a graduate of Stanford University with a bachelor's degree in communications in 1993 and a master's degree in sociology in 1994.
He is now the sports reporter for BBC Sussex and BBC Surrey.
She is the daughter of actors John Drainie and Claire Drainie Taylor.
Banks-Smith began writing for The Guardian in 1970, with her television column becoming a leading feature of the newspaper.
He joined the Arab Bureau in Cairo and the British Relief Commission to south Russia.
She studied Modern Languages at Nottingham University.
Dreger was the former host of Hockey Central on Rogers Sportsnet between 1998 and 2006.
Marti was educated at New York University, receiving a master's degrees in science and environmental reporting.
Bernard St-Laurent is a retired Canadian journalist and radio personality, best known as a longtime host of programming on CBC Radio.
Before joining Premiere, Thompson tracked behind-the-scenes Hollywood as a senior writer at Entertainment Weekly and as West Coast Editor for Film Comment Magazine.
Terry McDermott is a journalist with the Los Angeles Times and author of Perfect Soldiers: The 9/11 Hijackers, Who They Were, Why They Did It'.
She is the weekend anchor for Global National and B.C.
She is a member of the board of directors of the Trans Canada Trail and the Trans Canada Trail Foundation.
A collection of his articles was posthumously published in 1993 by Christopher Davies.
Born in Terrebonne, Quebec, Canada, she was the first woman from Quebec to become a grand reporter.
He joined the BBC after quitting the UK listings and information service UpMyStreet in 2002.
In 2002, he wrote about his experience of attending school with the shoe bomber, Richard Reid.
However, he did not practice law but began with his journalistic pursuits for which he would become well known.
The topics of his books include Microsoft Windows and Microsoft Office.
Blakeslee was married twice, first in 1906 to Marguerite Fortune and second, after the death of his first wife, to Rosamund Robinson in 1936.
On 16 August 2008 he married BBC Look East presenter, Amelia Reynolds.
He was educated at Latymer Upper School in Hammersmith and Wadham College, University of Oxford, where he took a law degree.
He was Rector of Aberdeen University from 1988 to 1990.
Abul Taher is an English journalist who reports for The Mail on Sunday.
Reguly worked with several Canadian newspapers prior to joining The Globe in 1997, and has won several awards for his work.
In 1981, she hosted her own daily series on CFRB, The Pringle Program.
To date, he has published four books besides contributing numerous articles to The New Yorker.
She was a co-founder of Reportage Press, a publishing house specialising in books on foreign affairs, but left the company in 2008.
He started his sports broadcasting career with Radio Trent in the East Midlands before moving into TV.
He is currently the anchor of CBC Radio One's afternoon news program The World This Hour.
A graduate of Memorial University of Newfoundland, Harrington joined the CBC as a sports reporter for CBC Calgary before moving to CBC Montreal.
Abijah Adams was a journalist who frequently found himself involved in controversies.
Andrew Brown is a British journalist, writer, and editor.
Crawford left WHAS in 1979 to become the Kentucky Columnist for The Courier-Journal newspaper, where his column was of a similar vein as his television work.
His work while at the Baltimore Sun landed him on the White House "Enemies List" compiled by the staff of President Richard Nixon.
On Talking Tech, Graham covers a quick hit on daily tech news, gadget reviews and interviews.
It had its world premiere November 8, 2014 at a sold-out Lincoln Theatre in Limon, Colorado.
She presents morning and afternoon bulletins and also works as contributing editor for foreign affairs.
This would then go on to be immortalised by Fi Glover as the title of her book I am an Oil Tanker: Travels with My Radio.
He was an associate editor of The Daily Cardinal  and was elected to the Iron Cross Society.
James Edward Tracy Philipps MC was a British diplomat and explorer
Previously she was assistant managing editor for the Politico news organization.
Launched at the same time as Total Film and Neon, Jones changed the periodical's focus almost overnight from music to the intersection of music and film.
Rangeley-Wilson studied at the Ruskin School of Drawing and Fine Art in Oxford and taught Art for a decade before turning to writing.
On September 2, 2007, she announced her decision to step down from the program.
He also briefly presented football coverage for Channel 5.
He began his journalistic career in the 1960s with The Canadian Press, where he was, he says, often assigned to cover the riots.
Sabrina Solin Weill is an American journalist and online/print media consultant as CEO of Weill Media.
He was shortlisted for Sports Journalist of the Year at the O2 Media Awards and Football Journalist of the Year at the NW Football Awards.
Born in Tweed, Ontario, he was raised in Cabbagetown and attended Dufferin School and Jarvis Collegiate Institute.
Alastair Macaulay is a dance critic for the New York Times.
Vic BatchelderAugust 27, 1940 – October 11, 2001(2001-10-11)) was a British ice hockey journalist.
Julia Hartley-Brewer is an English broadcaster and columnist.
Previously, he was a foreign correspondent for The Associated Press and The New York Times for 20 years.
Kira Cochrane is a British journalist and Opinion Editor at The Guardian.
She suffered brain damage and was in a coma for two years; left a quadriplegic, she was unable to continue her career.
He was born in Manchester and educated at Sale Grammar School.
He lives in Worcestershire and plays village cricket "to a stunningly mediocre standard."
In 1975 he became chairman of Thomson Scottish Petroleum and was much involved in the establishment of the oil terminal at Flotta in Orkney.
Nolan died at home at the age of 73 after a lengthy illness.
He moved to Fleet Street in 1956, where he worked for the Evening Standard, the Evening News and the Sunday Dispatch.
Margaret Sibthorp, née Shurmer, edited the "pioneering women's periodical" Shafts from 1892 until 1899.
Since he joined NPR in 1995, Hochberg has traveled the region extensively, reporting on its changing economy, demographics, culture, and politics.
Michael McCarthy is a British environmentalist, naturalist, newspaper journalist, newspaper columnist, and author.
He is a columnist for The Economist, where he serves as the Lexington columnist and Washington bureau chief.
From 1978 until 1983 he served as the Artistic Director of the Leeds Festival.
Tom Utley is a British journalist who writes for the Daily Mail.
Working for The Guardian, he is their defence and intelligence correspondent.
She has written for Esquire, The Guardian and The Evening Standard amongst other publications.
She published several books, including Paris Waits, 1914; Cameos of French Life; Paris; Versailles; Light and Shade in France; and A Stranger Within the Gates.
He wrote a weekly column for The Guardian's online law page from 2010 to 2016.
David Churbuck is a blogger, technology journalist, and co-founder of Forbes.com.
At WETM Honda also served as the weekend news anchor.
This controversy saw Byrne's name appearing in various British newspapers, including The Times.
Victorino Matus is an assistant managing editor at The Weekly Standard.
Sir David English was a British journalist and newspaper editor, best known for his two-decade editorship of the Daily Mail.
He was a science correspondent for The Sunday Times, which he joined in 1961.
Mariette DiChristina oversees Scientific American, ScientificAmerican.com, Scientific American Mind and all newsstand special editions.
He wrote Murder trail : death for a living.
She is the host and news anchor for Evening News and Focus Montreal on Global Montreal.
She is the current editor of the Daily Star newspaper, having been promoted to the post in December 2003.
Moore worked for The Oklahoman until 1937, when he was first hired by the AP.
In 2006 he was named News Journalist of the Year at the 24th Sony Radio Academy Awards.
He was one of the founding staff members of The Independent, where he worked as religious correspondent, parliamentary sketch writer, and a feature writer.
Szacka's career began at Radio Quebec and has earned her numerous awards.
He is also a host at Bloomberg TV Canada.
When York was incorporated in May 1834 as the city of Toronto, Gurnett was elected to the city council as the representative for St. George's Ward.
Laird was with The Philadelphia Inquirer when he was named to the master list of Nixon political opponents.
Michael Deacon is a British author and political satirical journalist; he writes for The Daily Telegraph including its parliamentary sketch.
Simon Wilde is an English cricket journalist and author.
Ellicott is one of the recurring guest panelists on the NPR radio news quiz show Wait Wait... Don't Tell Me!
While at Harvard, Chira was the president of the Harvard Crimson.
In March 2013, she began a blog and podcast called The Fame Fatale, in which she answers reader questions about Hollywood.
Ab Douglas Driediger is a former Canadian television news anchor.
John Q. Jordan was an African-American journalist who covered all-black marine units in Italy during World War II.
He was the Boston Red Sox beat writer for the Boston Globe during their 2004 run.
Schwada was a reporter for The Riverside Press-Enterprise, The Arizona Republic and The San Diego Union before moving to Los Angeles.
Wilkinson's book Do It For Your Mum, his critically-acclaimed biography of British Sea Power and a memoir of his family, was published in 2011.
Born in Montreal, he has a degree in history from McGill University and completed a graduate program in journalism at Carleton University.
He was a founder of the Montshire Museum of Science of Norwich, Vermont.
After leaving Chew Valley Comprehensive and then Blundell's School, Devon in 1993, she read for a law degree at Balliol College, Oxford.
He served as Principal of St Anne's College, Oxford from 2004 to 2016.
He has since branched into TV and Radio presenting and is an author of novels.
But she eventually returned to Granada Reports as a stand-in presenter on 1 December 2015.
She also hosted The Jennifer Mather Show on CKNW, an afternoon radio call-in talk show focusing on news and politics.
He is now a Fellow of the Royal Society of Canada and Emeritus Professor of Classics at the University of Calgary.
In 2008 she returned to South America as a correspondent, giving up her presenting role.
He then published his book, and may also have written a volume of Sermons, a work presented later by someone of the same name.
He composed chamber music, and transcribed cantatas of Johann Sebastian Bach to piano.
She has worked as a staff writer at The Marshall Project and as an associate editor at The Daily Beast.
Sherine Tadros is a broadcast journalist, working for Sky News.
She has also served as London correspondent of the American theatre periodical Playbill.
Smith started editing mainstream magazines in 1992.
He also holds a master's degree from the University of Chicago Divinity School and studied religion reporting at Northwestern University's Medill School of Journalism.
He is a Senior Editor at Complex Magazine.
She is the channel's senior medical correspondent and appears on various programs.
His book They Knew They Were Right: The Rise of the Neocons ISBN 9780385511810 explores the neoconservative movement and its origins.
Her recreational obsessions include music, travel, and buying things she can barely afford at shopbop.com.
Following graduation, Jones took a job in the stock room of Hatchards on Piccadilly.
She has also written for Bloomberg Businessweek, Time Out New York, San Francisco Focus and Fast Company.
He is married to Anna Esaki, daughter of Nobel laureate Dr. Leo Esaki, and they have two sons named Sky and True.
Najafi has also curated a number of art-related exhibitions, including "Philosophical Toys," "Odd Lots: Revisiting Gordon Matta-Clark's Fake Estates," and "The Paper Sculpture Show."
In 1946, he was made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire.
He is a cousin of Minnesota Senator Al Franken.
During his life, he refused a consular position in Washington, a knighthood, and a seat in the Senate of Canada.
He also co-anchored the station's Live at Five newscast for a few years before being moved to the weekends.
Brad Fay is a Canadian sportscaster for Rogers Sportsnet.
The Story of Rugby League ISBN 0-09-158411-6
Green has been editor at The Day since it was founded at the beginning of 2011 by Richard Addis.
Rebecca Marjorie Proops OBE was probably best known as an agony aunt in the United Kingdom, writing the column Dear Marje for the Daily Mirror newspaper.
Her beat focuses on business, finance and real estate.
Michael Skube is a former journalist who is on the faculty of the Elon University School of Communications.
Nirpal Singh Dhaliwal is a British journalist and writer.
In 2011, he was a news bulletin editor.
One of Jones's most significant early decisions was to resist the publisher's instruction to put Kajagoogoo on the cover; instead, Jones chose The Smiths.
Walter Mears is a Pulitzer prize-winning American journalist with the Associated Press.
He also contributed to the Canadian Monthly and other periodicals and established a reputation as an able defender of Christianity against agnosticism.
John Harold Brislin was an American journalist and reporter for the Scranton Tribune in Scranton, Pennsylvania.
He is a recurring guest on the number one sports podcast in the world, Pardon My Take.
In 1956, he became editor for the newspaper on the Pepperrell Air Force Base.
Wallace began his Fleet Street career working for the Daily Mail and The Sun.
Elliotte Friedman is a Canadian sports journalist.
He has also written for The Times of London.
He is currently Chairman of the Friends of Winchester Cathedral and a Cathedral Trustee.
He also worked as a field producer and reporter in India, Pakistan, Jerusalem, Gaza, Egypt and Lebanon.
Whilst TES Scotland Editor, he was also a broadcasting commentator on the educational scene and pursued a wide range of public commitments.
Auger began his journalistic career in the newspaper Le Jour.
In 2011 he helped found The Norfolk Rivers Trust to promote river conservation in his home county and he is currently their Technical and Projects Advisor.
Earlier, she had served on the Washington bureaus of the Atlanta Journal-Constitution and the Wall Street Journal.
Juan Forero is The Washington Post's correspondent for Colombia and Venezuela, having previously been The New York Times' Bogotá bureau chief.
She has written seven non-fiction books, two of which have won national awards.
His work includes political coverage, national affairs, terrorism and security.
Dhaliwal currently works as a freelance journalist.
Clark wrote for The Commercial Appeal, a Memphis newspaper.
During March 1906, The Windsor Magazine published an article entitled Politics - Second Series that was coauthored by Meynell and Bertram Fletcher Robinson.
In 2007 he wrote the career biography of folksingers Kate & Anna McGarrigle.
Rozenberg is married to fellow journalist Melanie Phillips; the couple have two children.
Hugh Fraser Winsor, CM is a Canadian journalist, noted for his work with The Globe and Mail and CBC Television's The Journal.
Called by one of his editors "the modern-day father of investigative journalism", Lambert forced the resignation of Supreme Court Justice Abe Fortas in 1969.
Thirty-three years is a long time to do anything, and 8,700 columns is, well, a lot of columns.
Daniel Ryan Reimold was an assistant professor of journalism at Saint Joseph's University in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Scaduto has also written for Playboy, Penthouse, and the New York Post.
He won a 1997 Goldsmith Prize for Investigative Reporting.
Tubbs' latest film effort is Droughtland - www.droughtland.com - it focuses on the severe southeastern Colorado drought.
After the race, in which British cyclists failed to win a medal, he asked British pre-race favourite Mark Cavendish, "Was Tour de France tiredness a factor?
Her longest running role was on Breakfast Television in Toronto, where she hosted the "Live Eye" and was the stand in co-host.
Amiga Format: Writer and reviewer, editor 
Ten years prior to this, he worked for the BBC as their Foreign Affairs Editor of the Today programme.
He was elected to the Newfoundland assembly in 1966; Callahan served in the provincial cabinet as Minister of Mines, Agriculture and Resources.
He is a frequent speaker at clean-energy and green business events in the U.S. and overseas, and a regular blogger for the Huffington Post.
He joined the New York Times in 1987 as a national correspondent and then as bureau chief in Houston.
She writes a blog at www.alison-bass.com/blog  about public health issues.
George Kerevan is a Scottish journalist, economist, and Scottish National Party politician.
Since then he has covered education and culture and is now Deputy Metropolitan Editor.
Lawrence P. Lessing is an American science writer.
In his later years, Kent was a Fellow with Queen's University's School of Policy Studies.
Philip Raby is a UK motoring journalist who writes about Porsche.
Byron Garrison Crawford is a former television journalist and newspaper columnist from Louisville, Kentucky.
He has presented weekend early mornings on LBC since the start of October, 2016.
Kate Seelye is a journalist specializing in coverage of the Middle East.
Previously a documentary reporter for The National, Off also hosted the political debate series counterSpin on CBC Newsworld.
known for his liberal point of view.
He was a contributor and presenter on the BBC's Top Gear programme between 1980 and 1989.
He also had a son, Bartholomew, who was a successful printer.
While at St. Thomas University, he was the editor of the student newspaper and was involved in numerous student activities.
McLaughlin served as a Labour councillor in the London Borough of Newham for four years.
He joined the staff in 1974, became editor ten years later.
By the 1920s, Meynell principally wrote for the Dublin Review and The Tablet.
He has also filled in as a news reader and show host.
Brian Kahn is an American author, journalist, and public radio host.
William McDonald is an American journalist and editor for The New York Times and is the current obituaries editor.
He began his career as a journalist on the Hounslow Informer in 1985.
He was a regular contributor to The Word Magazine.
Tina has spoken openly about being born in the cult The Children of God and subsequently being raised in foster care in California.
Sarah Nicole Prickett is a writer, art critic and editor in New York.
Writing about UCLA's national champion basketball teams under John Wooden, he said, "Mister John Wooden has a watch factory out in Los Angeles.
Darryl Broadfoot is a Scottish football writer.
He reported being fired upon at Bahrain's Pearl Roundabout, February 18, 2011.
He was inducted into the Boston/New England Chapter of the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences in 1997.
In 2002, he shared the Gerald Loeb Award for his coverage of the unfolding Enron scandal with Rebecca Smith.
She also worked for the Los Angeles Times and other newspapers before returning to the Winston-Salem Journal.
Julian Nelson Frank was a journalist, anti-communist, a special agent with U.S.
He retired from PBS NewsHour in 2006.
He was named Wincott Senior Financial Journalist in 2003.
She was named to edit the new magazine in June 2002 by Anna Wintour, editor-in-chief of Vogue and editorial director of Teen Vogue.
He is famous for the adage 'Write about statesmen as though they are nightclub singers, and the latter as though they are politicians.
After 24 years, he completed his tenure as beat writer for the Oilers in 1997.
He worked on provincial newspapers in Nuneaton, Mansfield, Nottingham and Kettering, before joining Reuters in 1958.
In 2000 he left to join The Daily Telegraph as legal affairs editor, where he remained until the end of 2008.
Henderson has also freelanced for The Guardian and The Observer.
Antony Rayns is a British writer, commentator, film festival programmer and screenwriter.
James Duthie is a Canadian sportscaster for TSN.
He graduated from the University of Edinburgh in 1989 with a MA in English Literature.
A native of Montreal, she worked for CBS News from June 2004 until 2013 as the network's London correspondent.
From 1966 he was the Paris correspondent for Encounter, later writing a personal column for the magazine.
This is a list of notable people who attended, or taught at, the University of Wisconsin–Madison:
In March 2012, Giles and fellow journalist Bobbie Johnson completed a successful "Kickstarter" campaign for MATTER, a new science and technology publication.
The editor in chief of the blog Gardenista, she was previously a reporter for Newsday and a columnist for The New York Times, and "TIME magazine."
Her weekly column is considered "a must-read for tax practitioners."
He rejoined The New York Times in late 2011 as China managing director.
Dow and Jones were co-workers there, and Bergstresser convinced the pair to join him in departing from Kiernan to form their own company in November 1882.
He used to work at CKY-TV in Winnipeg.
Callahan married Daphne Marie Ryan; the couple had six children.
was a Canadian author, journalist, and publisher.
Halling is a fan of the Pittsburgh Steelers.
An existing gossip column was relaunched following the intervention of the Express's proprietor Lord Beaverbrook.
Gledhill grew up in Gratwich, Staffordshire, a small village near Uttoxeter, as the daughter of the local vicar.
Within hours of filing, she collapsed suddenly and was rushed to hospital.
John Joseph Leary Jr. was a 1920 Pulitzer Prize winner for reporting for an editorial entitled "Law and the Jungle."
He writes a regular column for BBC Wildlife magazine.
She has written a book called Beauty Scoop with Kate Shapland, published in May 2004 by HarperCollins.
In August 2013, Tribune Company tapped her to lead RedEye/Metromix Chicago.
He has appeared on CNN, CNBC, NBC, Today, The Early Show and CBS This Morning.
Sean Mallen is a Canadian journalist with over 20 years at Global News.
He grew up in Leeds and was later a student at the University of Oxford where he was a close friend of Simon Reynolds.
He was named the London editor of the Evening Express in 1925, a position he held for a year before moving to the Sunday Express.
Away from work he is a talented musician and family man.
In 2001, Lee won the SJA Sports Writer of the Year and the Racing Journalist of the Year awards.
In April 2017, Burke once again moderated the leaders' debate in BC.
Later, Langdon was political editor of The Sunday Telegraph.
Kate Saunders is an English writer, actress and journalist.
A disagreement with the chairman, Viscount Rothermere, caused him to resign from the paper.
Mahmud's mother was the Numayri princess Mani'a al-Sayyida al-'Alawiyya.
She won a 2012 George Polk Award, and 2012 Hillman Prize.
He moved to the North Sydney Herald in Nova Scotia and, by 1875, became the owner.
He was a cohost of the consumer newsmagazine Live It Up!
He was eventually succeeded in 1992, after less than three years in the post, by Charles Moore.
Jed Horne is a Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist who was for many years city editor of The Times-Picayune, the New Orleans daily newspaper.
Ross Newhan is a former columnist for the Long Beach Press-Telegram and baseball writer for the Los Angeles Times before retiring in 2004.
At the time the Rocky closed, he was its Washington, D.C. correspondent.
Andrews was educated at Christ's Hospital before working in banking for 25 years.
In 2011, she was named a fellow by the Society of Professional Journalists.
She is former chair of Science Writers in New York and a member of the American Society of Magazine Editors and the Society of Environmental Journalists.
In 2017, forty-six years after he first broadcast on ITV, Scott returned to the channel when it resumed broadcasting horseracing after a long break.
Hamm grew up on a tobacco farm outside of Langton, Ontario and now lives on Hamilton Mountain with her husband and their two adorable cats.
Adam Mattera was the editor of Attitude magazine, a leading UK monthly publication aimed at the gay market, from 1999 to 2008.
His book, And Hell Followed With Her: Crossing the Dark Side of the American Border, won the 2014 International Latino Book Award for general nonfiction.
He has written biographies of Gordon Brown, Peter Mandelson, Arthur Scargill and Airey Neave.
She is also one of the fill-in anchors for CTV National News.
He was the 8th editor-in-chief of the Montreal-based newspaper Le Devoir, a post he occupied from 1999.
She has worked previously for Bloomberg News, RT and CNN.
During the last couple of years, 1967–68, Garland also edited a magazine called Fashion.
She began her journalism career at Vogue, where she wrote and edited stories about beauty, health, nutrition, and fitness.
She is the author of "Overbooked: The Exploding Business of Travel and Tourism," which was named one of Amazon's top non-fiction books of the year.
It also serves to a lesser extent as a reliable historical source of information for early Baltimore County, Maryland, and the then native Susquehannock.
Howard Walter Blakeslee was an American journalist.
Eileen Ascroft was a journalist and writer.
Borgman landed a columnist spot with The Indianapolis Star in 1991.
Michael Massing is a contributing editor of the Columbia Journalism Review.
Crabtree has written for several magazines, including The Weekly Standard and The Economist-owned Capital Style, where she was a senior writer.
Previously, he presented the weather on BBC Points West from 2000 to 2011.
Alan Holmes Dent was a Scottish journalist, editor and writer.
Sarah Mukherjee is a former BBC Environment Correspondent.
Mark Bunting is the host of Capital Ideas TV and the Publisher of Capital Ideas Research.
2008 Finalist Canadian Association of Journalists Award for Outstanding Journalism in Canada
Meyer was a member of Board of Contributors for USA TODAY's Forum Page, part of the newspaper’s Opinion section.
She also worked as a CBC correspondent in Europe, and was for several years the chief CBC correspondent in the Middle East.
Boag first joined CBC in 1983 as a reporter in Fredericton.
Wolfgang Langewiesche aviator, author and journalist, is one of the most quoted authors in aviation writing.
He is also invited to serve as a commentator on Radio and Television.
Prior to joining IAVI, Beyer was assistant managing editor at Time magazine until early 2007.
The 1978-1979 Steelworkers strike is the subject of Mick’s latest novel, “Wintersong.” It’s the third and final volume in the Nickel Range Trilogy fiction series.
Roy Wright was the editor of British newspaper the Daily Express for seventeen months between 1976 and 1977.
Robert Buderi is an American journalist, author, and editor.
He was survived by his wife Jean Kenway Lambert and daughters Kathy Lambert and Heather Lambert.
Previously, he worked with The Nation magazine in New York.
In 1877 and 1879, Davis was the first woman to report on the state Legislature, which is located in Carson City.
Haines was born in Antigonish, Nova Scotia.
He is one of the co-writers, along with Sam Collins and Jarrod Kimber, of the 2015 cricket documentary Death Of A Gentleman.
Long was defending her article about South Thanet, the constituency for which Farage was a candidate.
TRB is the name given the lead column of each issue of The New Republic magazine.
In April 2015, he signed on full-time as vice president of Rivet News for the newly renamed parent company, Rivet Radio Inc.
Giuseppe Fappiano, known as Joseph C. "Joe" Nichols was an American sports journalist.
He was the host of Edmonton AM, a local morning program heard weekdays on CBC Radio One's Edmonton, Alberta station, CBX.
Caren Bohan is a journalist and the White House correspondent for the Reuters news agency.
William Murchison is a nationally syndicated political columnist in the United States.
OMNI.2 reporters report on local stories and reads portions of the newscast from file stories from other news outlets.
An hour later a Cambodian came to her bedroom door and told her that Caldwell was dead.
Springsteen's recordings have included both commercially accessible rock albums and more somber folk-oriented works.
He was awarded a Gemini Award for the coverage of those events.
She interviewed entertainment figures and wrote the Who's News column in the Sunday magazine.
Glover has been a columnist for the London Evening Standard, The Daily Telegraph, The Spectator and The Independent.
She was, with Sandi Toksvig, a guest on the first episode of the long-running news quiz programme Have I Got News for You.
He is married to singer-songwriter Anna McGarrigle, and has appeared as a vocalist on several of her albums with her sister Kate McGarrigle.
He is the economics editor at The Guardian, and has published five books on related issues, four of them in partnership with Dan Atkinson.
^ "Canadian Association of Journalists | Congratulations to the CAJ Awards finalists - Revised version".
Wallsten is partially blind as a result of Stargardt disease, which is a genetically inherited form of macular degeneration.
Howard Kendall's biography Only the Best Is Good Enough
An early proponent of the Internet, in 1995 Roberts launched Learn2.com, one of the first sources for non-academic instruction on the Internet.
He was the half-brother of John le Carré; Charlotte, his sister, is an actress.
Jason Chervokas is an American journalist, educator, writer, commentator, entrepreneur and musician.
She was awarded ACTRA's John Drainie Award, for distinguished contributions to Canadian broadcasting, in 2008.
Bond then became sports news correspondent at the Sunday Times, before being appointed deputy sports editor at the Evening Standard.
The book takes a comprehensive look through world history to detail where, how, and why humanity discovered the elements.
Christiansen was born in Wallasey to Louis Niels Christiansen, a shipwright, and his wife Ellen.
He was voted the 28th most influential man in Britain by GQ in November 2011.
A Gwich'in, Josie was born in Eagle, Alaska, and moved with her family to Old Crow at age 16.
He is the author of a biography of French New Wave film director Jean-Luc Godard and is writing a book about the New Wave.
Locally, he was best known for his liberal politics and his odd, self-referential humor.
He has held a seminar on this subject at the Thomas More Institute.
The Bevins Trust said of his investigation:
Trisha Cooper was born in Manchester and educated at the University of Salford, where she graduated in Modern Languages.
John O'Leary is a British journalist, formerly editor of the Times Higher Education Supplement and previously Education Editor of The Times.
Currently he reports on architecture and design for the website BBC Culture.
He made the transition to broadcasting with BBC Radio Scotland in 1984.
Wilson attended Phillips Academy, the University of Massachusetts, Amherst, and Boston’s Northeastern University.
Soul Survivor, the author's biography of singer Al Green, will be published August 29th, 2017.
Nouritza Matossian is a British Cypriot writer, actress, broadcaster and human rights activist.
In 1977, as part of the Great Education Debate, the school was the subject of the Thames Television documentary "Our School and Hard Times".
Sir Edward Whipple Bancroft Morrison, KCMG was a Canadian journalist and Major General in the Canadian Army during World War I.
Root authored the classic The Food of Italy on Italy and its regional cuisines.
She is based near Stowmarket, in Suffolk.
In June 2006 she moved back to London.
He returned to acting, albeit as a sportscaster, in Swearnet: The Movie.
Between 1996 and 2002 he was the editor of the Electronic Telegraph, Europe's first daily online newspaper.
His son is the author and speaker Arjuna Ardagh.
He has hosted The Sports Network's flagship SportsCentre since 2000.
He was born and raised in Kent and studied at the University of Salford for his Bachelor's degree and University of Stirling for his Master's degree.
He is noted for editing the Fortnightly Review and opposing Freemasonry and Eugenics.
She ran back into her room and heard people moving and more gunshots.
Later that year, she moved to Italy when her husband, John Phillips, was named ambassador to Italy.
She worked as a national correspondent for the Los Angeles Times in New York, and covered the economy for that newspaper out of Los Angeles.
She lived in Poland until age 15.
In 1960 she became the UN correspondent of The Guardian newspaper where she was tutored by its chief US correspondent Alistair Cooke.
Nina Grunfeld is a British writer, journalist, public speaker and entrepreneur.
He is a "TSN Drive" co-host on TSN 1050-AM in Toronto and an adjunct professor at Canisius College.
John can be seen passionately reporting college sports as well as Army/Navy games.
He was educated at a comprehensive school in Warrington, then the University of Hull.
He now writes about topics ranging from music to sport, entertainment and business.
Born in London, the son of film and television producer Julian Wintle, he was educated at Stowe School and Magdalen College, Oxford.
He has also worked as a sports radio reporter at CKNW in Vancouver as well as correspondent for ESPN Radio on WFAN.
He served the Scottish National Party as Executive Vice-Chairman, 1978-1984 and Campaign Director, Euro elections 1984.
They had two sons, Ninian and Mungo.
In 2009, Giles asked ten prominent scientists to come together and discuss the future of the Nobel Prizes.
Steve Beebee is a journalist, author and broadcaster, best known for his work with Kerrang!
In 1997, Flett's husband of just 17 months had just left her and the couple were going through a messy divorce.
He served for three years in the regiment before being demobilized.
Keith Boag is a Canadian senior journalist with CBC Television.
He gives an account of the conversation of 28 February 1985:
Born into an "elite" Jewish family, Rose was educated at Rugby School and New College, Oxford.
ɱ Christina McCall was a Canadian political writer.
In 1969 he won the first Political Writer of the Year award.
She compiled and edited Irrepressible Churchill: A Treasury of Winston Churchill's Wit in 1966.
Watts was born in Toronto, Canada, where he received his degree in communication studies.
He is currently based in London, where he has covered major stories including the killing of Alexander V. Litvinenko, a former K.G.B.
David Andrew Smith is the Deputy Director of the United Nations Information Office in Washington DC.
He also claims to have witnessed unarmed demonstrators killed and wounded in Fallujah by US Marines.
He is married to fellow journalist Piya Chattopadhyay, whom he met while both were working for the CBC.
Fraser Kelly is a retired Canadian journalist, broadcaster and corporate executive.
Robert E. "Bob" Franken is an American journalist and frequent guest on MSNBC.
She was born in Montreal and raised in Nova Scotia and Ontario.
He was Political and Industrial Correspondent for BBC Scotland for 10 years and was also a keen sportsman.
Robert Moynihan is the founding editor of Inside the Vatican magazine, a journal on Church and world affairs.
This is a list of prisoners who have received a whole-life order through some mechanism in jurisdictions of the United Kingdom.
He is the great grandson of Percy John Heawood, the mathematician.
His first job, aged 23, was with the Western Mail.
Parmy Olson is a journalist for Forbes magazine known for her work on the hacktivist movement Anonymous.
Nelson previously worked as a reporter and anchor for CITV-DT in Edmonton, CHEK-DT in Victoria and CHAN-DT in Vancouver before joining Global National as a reporter.
Robert Nisbet, is the Europe Correspondent since September 2011 for Sky News, the 24-hour television news service operated by Sky Television, part of British Sky Broadcasting.
After returning to Canada in the early 1990s, he anchored CBC Newsworld Business News.
She wrote, in the BBC's internal magazine, Ariel, of her concerns about the portrayal by the media of the white, working-class people she grew up with.
She was listed as associate editor at NR in 2004.
She wrote the book Suckers: How Alternative Medicine Makes Fools of Us All.
Also as a latest series in 2007 "Ask Angwin" featured on Points West answering weather questions.
Her articles have appeared in The Nation, The American Prospect, Washington Monthly, and other liberal publications.
His niece Henriette Tassé also became a journalist and published a 1934 biography of Berthelot La vie humoristique d'Hector Berthelot.
His second non-fiction book, Jonny Magic and the Card Shark Kids, was published in 2005.
Nisbet married Isabella Frances Fairweather in 1875.
From 2003 to 2008 he was the co-host, with Richard Crouse, of Rogers Television's Reel to Real.
Paul Rauber is a Senior Editor at the Sierra Club magazine, an American environmental organization founded by conservationist pioneer John Muir in 1892.
Petrovich is currently based in Vancouver, British Columbia.
He was educated at Sherborne School and Worcester College, Oxford, where he took an honors degree in classics and philosophy.
He was born in Hamilton, Ontario and grew up in nearby Dundas.
In early 2012, he reignited his career with a 25th anniversary re-release of “Conspiracy of Brothers.”
Robert Nielsen was retired and lived in the Perth-Andover, New Brunswick area.
Wei Chen is a Canadian television and radio journalist.
In August 2011, Godbout joined the newly created TVA Sports.
She is currently director of the BBC World Service Group.
Maurice Russell Brown was a Canadian mining journalist.
Tim has four children and lives in south London.
Greene was born in Johnson City, Tennessee, and grew up in Marietta, Georgia.
He was the first Director of Charter 88 from 1988 to 1995 and Co-Director of the Convention on Modern Liberty with Henry Porter.
Before he was transferred to Philadelphia in July 2011, Brady was based in Denver, Colorado, and reported on issues and events in the Western United States.
Aubrey Wyatt Tilby, known as A. Wyatt Tilby was an author, journalist and traveller.
Her series of novels featuring the female war correspondent Faith Zanetti started with The Bad News Bible in 2004.
Semuels, born in Boston, Massachusetts, attended Harvard University where she earned Bachelor of Arts in American History and Literature.
Young spent most of his youth in Cornwall and South Wales.
Adrienne Arsenault is a senior correspondent with the CBC News and will be one of four anchors of The National beginning November 2017.
Rosa Marchitelli is a Canadian journalist from Calgary who is primarily known for her work at CBC.
Nathaniel Eaton is also the co-founder of Living Fiction Films and the New York City based theater company Inspiration Conspiracy.
He wrote freelance articles for many publications as well as being Press Officer for the Embassy Hill F1 team in 1975.
[1] He has been a Sports Editor at guardian.co.uk since 2000, specialising in football.
The National Institute for Computer-Assisted Reporting hosts the annual Philip Meyer Journalism Award, which "recognize excellent journalism done using social science research methods".
Christopher S. Stewart is an American author and investigative reporter for The Wall Street Journal, which he joined in 2011.
Jennifer Brien is a talk radio host based in Providence, Rhode Island.
Trisha Cooper is an English radio trainer, producer and broadcaster in England.
She has also written for the New Statesman.
Born in Ottawa, Ontario, Pevere graduated from Carleton University's film studies program in 1982.
Barbara Kay has become known for her critical views on the rise of feminism and what she sees as double standards to the detriment of men.
In January 2007, Chen became the new host of CBC Radio One's Ontario Morning, the network's local morning show for Southern Ontario.
She is now correspondent in Paris replacing Maxence Bilodeau.
Diver communications are the methods used by divers to communicate with each other or with surface members of the dive team.
Stephen Graham Mitchell is a British journalist who has been Head of News Programmes, BBC, since 2007 and Deputy Director, BBC News, since 2008.
He also became part of BBC Radio Lancashire's match day coverage team, working as a summariser during live commentary of Blackpool's games.
DiStaso is credited with coining the phrase "Republican in Name Only" or RINO in 1992.
He is also the author of The Good Caff Guide, Almost Heaven: Travels Through the Backwoods of America and Silver Linings: Travels around Northern Ireland.
He was formerly the 'Schumpeter' columnist .
As well as presenting and reporting, Goodman actively trades shares, commodity futures and foreign exchange.
Rick Attig is an American journalist and fiction writer, formerly a member of the Editorial Board for The Oregonian newspaper in Portland, Oregon.
That did it for me and it had nothing to do with Year Zero, Johnny Rotten or Sid Vicious."
In 1984, Pringle moved to the CBC as one of the original cohosts of Midday.
Kent served as president of the Cape Breton Development Corporation, and later of the Sydney Steel Corp.
Geoff Webster is the deputy editor of The Sun newspaper in the UK.
Julie Gathoni Sumira Gichuru is a Kenyan journalist and news anchor formerly worked for Royal Media Services as Group Digital Business Manager and talk show host.
Mark Gayn was an American and Canadian journalist, who worked for The Toronto Star for 30 years.
Pelayo was also a former grand marshal for the Philippine Independence Day Committee, Inc. of New York City in 1997.
She was part of the board of directors of Canadian Journalists for Free Expression from 2001 to 2007.
Smith Barrier, was an American sports journalist.
Both Revenge of the Land and A Canadian Tragedy were adapted as television mini-series by the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation.
Bond's reporting of the men's cycling road race at the London 2012 Olympics on 28 July attracted criticism from many viewers.
Needs started DJing in 1976; during the 1990s he warmed up for Primal Scream and Prodigy while spinning at the world's clubs.
A Guild Socialist during the 1910s, he worked closely with G. D. H. Cole, founding the National Guilds League with him in 1915.
He is known for his column in Rupert Murdoch's UK tabloid the Sun.
Originally from New Delhi India, Mansoor moved to Karachi, Pakistan in 1947 with his family.
Oliver Burkeman is a British journalist for the British newspaper The Guardian.
Born in England, he settled in Lower Canada.
He moved to Premiership Rugby after more than 20 years as a sports and news journalist.
Arthur E. Watson was a British newspaper editor.
Hiawatha Bray is a technology columnist for The Boston Globe business section.
Whiteley is a North Sea surfer and Star Wars aficionado!
Askia Muhammad is a poet, journalist, radio producer, commentator, and photojournalist.
Anthony Scaduto is a journalist and biographer of rock musicians who also writes under the name Tony Sciacca.
Schriffen previously interned for ABC’s sister network ESPN.
He was the subject of This Is Your Life in 1957, when he was surprised by Eamonn Andrews at the BBC Television Theatre.
Chris Hughes is a UK tabloid journalist and author, working as security correspondent for the Daily Mirror.
Eliot Joseph Benn 'Jim' Rose was a British intelligence officer, journalist and campaigner.
The next year she was promoted to co-anchor of CFTO's News at 6.
She is the agony aunt behind the Times Educational Supplement's Ask the Expert column.
He introduced the Page 3 feature to The Sun, which saw a dramatic increase in sale in the 1970s.
Business 2.0 was also featured in Magazine Design That Works.
In the 1980s, he presented a series called New Chinese Cinema on British television, showing films and biographies of eminent Chinese directors.
Robert Nielsen was a Canadian journalist who is known for his time with the Toronto Star.
He is the business editor for the Washington Post.
He was also a regular presenter of short bulletins for East Central Scotland and the rest of the region.
The Bird Catcher, her second novel, was published in June 2009, by St. Martin's Press.
Walter Taplin was editor of The Spectator between 1953 and 1954.
Lester John Holloway is a British journalist and editor, as well as a campaigner and local politician.
He was the host of CBC Newsworld's Around the World and the 4 p.m. hour of CBC News Today from Toronto.
He has written extensively on technology for Prospect and the New Statesman and been a feature writer on the Guardian.
In 1965, Slinger was hired as a reporter for the Guelph Mercury and remained there for approximately two years.
Howard Blakeslee died in 1952, shortly after returning from return a visit to the atomic bomb testing site in Nevada.
For the Rocky Mountain News, he covered the Iraq War and the 2008 US presidential campaign.
He was the Associated Press's first full-time science reporter and was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for Reporting in 1937.
The effort triggered a five-year federal grand jury investigation and was reiterated by many California news organizations.
Julia Reynolds is a reporter with the Center for Investigative Reporting.
Johnson graduated from Mercer University in 1926.
Upon hiring her, the Citizen touted her as "Canada’s first mobile-focused political journalist".
Earlier in his career Maguire was chief reporter for The Guardian.
This book was updated as Radio and Television Who's Who in 1950 and 1954.
He is currently the opinion editor of The Washington Times, Fox News contributor, Breitbart News contributor, and a Drudge Report editor.
The two authored a book on the scandal entitled 24 Days.
She was named assistant managing editor for news of The New York Times in September 2011.
Goodman was appointed in 2005 to chair the Affordable Rural Housing Commission established by DEFRA.
Matt T. Harvey is a New York City-based journalist who frequently contributed to the New York Press.
Kim Brunhuber is a Canadian journalist and writer.
Born and raised in Sudbury, Ontario, she graduated from Carleton University’s journalism program in 1991.
Waverley Lewis Root was an American journalist and writer.
Reynolds was born in Kingston upon Thames, and is the son of former BBC correspondent Paul Reynolds.
Foer is fellow at the New America Foundation.
Prior to joining KTTV in 1996, Schwada worked as a political and City Hall reporter for the Los Angeles Herald-Examiner.
This film is not to be confused with the very popular Russian Song Moscow Nights
: My 2004/05 Season Diary by Lewis Moody and in 2011 Splashdown which covers an incredible year in the life of England Test star Chris Ashton.
During his tenure, the Daily Express was converted from broadsheet to tabloid format.
She was a contributing editor to the Los Angeles Times Magazine from 2009 until 2012.
On 12 April 2012 it was announced that Murison would be leaving NME to join The Sunday Times Magazine as Features Editor.
Ike Jonathan Awgu is a Canadian politician.
In 1948, Pick became a British citizen and she no longer felt herself to be a refugee.
Originally from Montreal, Quebec, Bonner studied journalism at Ryerson University.
Cordelia Oliver was a Scottish journalist, painter and art critic, noted as an indefatigable promoter of Scottish arts in general and the avant-garde in particular.
He has been recognized in his field with over 40 national, state, and regional awards.
(Though the Brooklyn Rapid Transit Company had been acquired in bankruptcy court in 1923 by Brooklyn-Manhattan Transit Corporation, the old initials were still well known.)
He has written regularly for newspapers and journals including The Guardian and The Economist.
Janis Mackey Frayer is a Canadian journalist and a Correspondent with NBC News based in Beijing.
He is a former editor of the Morning Star.
He is one of the founding partners of GrandPrix+, the sport's first e-magazine, with fellow journalist Joe Saward.
In 2004, he received an MBE for services to mountaineering, sport and charity.
He wrote books on history and politics, and on topography.
Gornstein wrote the Answer B!tch column on E!
Carr is also notable as a being the main compiler of free compilation albums for the UK music press for nearly 20 years.
In 2013 he made a documentary about the Fukushima tsunami and reactor disaster, that was broadcast on Japan's public television network, NHK.
Previously she worked as marketing director for the Kun shoulder rest company in Ottawa Canada.
During his tenure at the magazine, Morton wrote first-hand accounts of infiltrating religious cults, competitive binge-eating and living with a Dominican family for a week.
Dwight Jaynes is a journalist and sportswriter in Portland, Oregon.
Maria Elvins Clarke née Pountney was a British journalist based in Paris from the early 1900s until 1937 who wrote under the name Moma Clarke.
During his tenure as CEO, Boccardi repaired the news cooperative's sometimes-shaky finances and started the process of moving AP's news report into the Internet age.
2000 Nominated Gemini Awards- Best Information Segment "Deadly Diagnosis" W5
His first job was with the Midland Bank.
Franjola returned to the United States after decades living and reporting in Africa and Asia.
[It] looked like cars that we have seen in the past used as suicide bombs .
He wrote the column "Tangled in the Threads" for Byte.com from 1999–2002, and continues to be an active blogger.
Oliver Poole is a British journalist and author who has had articles published by The Independent, The Guardian, BBC News and The Observer.
Some of his writing focuses on cultural issues.
Several of her books have been optioned for movies, including her sophomore novel, Let the Church Say Amen, which was directed by actress Regina King.
As the paper's San Francisco bureau chief she covered Western issues and reported the beginning of the nation's AIDS crisis.
He then moved to Publishing Holdings, which owned list titles including What Mortgage and What Telephone.
She has also worked as a broadcaster for the BBC.
He died in London on 1 April 1899, following a longer term lung infection, and was survived by his wife and two children.
Marsh married Kay Ramsay with whom he had two sons, one of whom was the literary agent Paul Marsh.
Raven was a contributor to the Modern Review, and the editor of the relaunched version in 1997.
He graduated from the University of Alberta and Ryerson University.
Programs he has helped create include Marketplace, Weekend America, and public TV’s Newton’s Apple, NightTimes, Electronicle and America After Vietnam.
In 1967, bought The Spectator, a politically conservative, weekly magazine.
Paul Stephen Paquet is a nationally syndicated trivia columnist and a trivia writer, based in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
Hollingsworth was born in Dartmouth, Nova Scotia and grew up in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
He is currently serving as the British government's Commissioner for Public Appointments, and is the out-going director of the Institute for Government.
Saturday Review of Politics, Literature, Science and Art.
He has also written two books, produced a documentary on ski-racing and taught a graduate program in broadcast journalism at Sheridan College, outside Toronto.
His father is the long-time Daily Mail bridge correspondent, Peter Donovan.
He was Music master at Uppington School, and chorus master to the BBC.
She is also an editor on the Times T2 and Times Weekend sections.
Environmentalists have promoted all sorts of doomsday scenarios about population explosions and massive cancer crises from pesticides that have been shown to be false.
and several other non-technical books on 20th century science.
He later joined the news department at Global Television.
Paul Anderson is a British journalist and academic.
Inglis is currently editor of the Played in Britain series on sporting heritage, published by Historic England.
Shaw also appears for CTV News at 6 updates during CP24's Live at 5 and Live at 5:30.
From 1953 to 1955, he was an editor and contributor to Scientific American.
Keith Kloor is a freelance writer who lives in Brooklyn New York City.
During the 1980s, she was married to Arthur Gelgoot, an accountant.
In 2012 he covered the London Olympics for Sky News.
He is a passionate conservationist with a particular interest in English chalk-streams.
He gained a BA(hons) and MA from the University of York.
Ingraham Ebenezer Bill was orphaned at an early age and found his guidance from an older brother and his minister, Edward Manning.
He is the son of former Guardian journalist Martin Wainwright.
From July 2009 through May 2010, Robert Guest wrote the opinion column on the United States for The Economist under the pseudonym "Lexington".
Rick MacInnes-Rae is a Canadian radio journalist, known as a longtime reporter and host on CBC Radio.
Following on from this experience, Red Zone provides an account of daily life for Iraqis, as well as the British and American soldiers sent to Iraq.
Goldstein grew up in Ossining, New York.
He remained in Saigon as one of the last American reporters in the city, even after other correspondents had fled.
Later in 1984 he wrote a jazz recording guide titled The Essential Jazz Recordings, i: Ragtime to Swing with Max Harrison and Eric Thacker.
Hawley is a daughter of British diplomat Sir Donald Hawley.
She was briefly a co-host of Air America Radio's Morning Sedition with comedian Marc Maron and radio veteran Mark Riley.
He now writes for The Independent and the Belfast Telegraph.
She has also written a column about giving up smoking, "The Quitter".
Taricani was the recipient of a heart transplant in 1996.
Armitage was one of the two play-by-play announcers announcing for CBC Sports in the 2007 FIFA U-20 World Cup in Canada.
On April 1, 2011, Mallen was named the Europe Bureau Chief for Global National, to be based in London, England.
Marshall also presented shows on County Sound in the 1990s and was a regular stand-in presenter for Martin Campbell on his country music show, "Country Plus."
He also wrote for the Christian Science Monitor, and published memoirs and other books.
Nima Abu-Wardeh was the presenter of the BBC World News weekly financial programme Middle East Business Report until it ended in March 2015.
He has contributed to over 25 role playing game books for White Wolf Game Studio, including Werewolf: The Forsaken and Demon: the Fallen.
He is a former managing editor, and previously a senior reporter, at Wired News, the online sister publication of Wired.
Knight currently writes the media column "Watching the Watchdog" for The Huffington Post Canada.
He was a close friend and confidant of the diplomat, Sir Cecil Spring Rice, with whom he corresponded for many years.
Michael Massing received his Bachelor of Arts from Harvard and an MS from the London School of Economics and Political Science.
With his Rivet colleagues, he was awarded a U.S. patent in 2016 for delivering a “contextually relevant media content stream based on listener preference.”
Benjamin’s work focuses on United States politics and culture, comparative world politics, money, class, African Americans, Whites, Latinos, public policy, global cultural transformation, and demographic change.
He graduated from Oxford University, where he studied modern history.
Morrison was the recipient of the Hockey Hall of Fame's 2006 Elmer Ferguson Memorial Award.
Harriet Fier is an American writer and editor.
He also writes for Canadian online media site rabble.ca.
Stewart is the co-author of the upcoming book Drone Warrior about the life of Brett Velicovich, which received CIA approval in 2016.
He is survived by his wife Linda and three children.
Margaret Gilmore is a journalist, broadcaster, writer and analyst.
Prior to becoming a journalist, Woron was an aspiring actor, living in Vancouver.
Before joining CNN, he was a correspondent for the CBC flagship current affairs program, The Journal.
She was assigned there in Fall 2007.
He is also Chairman of the Bình Hòa massacre Trust Fund.
He studied at Stirling University and the University of East Anglia studying art history, and had a brief career as a conservator of medieval wall paintings.
Mediwake and Konynenbelt reside in Oakville, Ontario.
Armitage was laid off by the CBC in August 2014 due to cuts to sports programming and the loss of hockey coverage to Rogers Media.
Erastus Wiman was a Canadian journalist and businessman who later moved to the United States.
Stott was born on 18 July 1907 in Leicester to Robert and Amalie Waddington as Charlotte Mary Waddington.
After an education at Normanton Grammar School and Nottingham University, where he read English, Routledge began his career in journalism on graduation.
He has published three books, all compilations of his columns: "Crawford's Journal" in 1986, "Kentucky Stories" in 1994 and "Kentucky Footnotes" in 2010.
Cole has written for publications including the Sunday Times and GQ.
These are proprietary research services from the Financial Times.
In 1996, she was awarded an honorary degree of Doctor of Laws by Oxford Brookes University.
Russell was a 1973–1974 NEH Journalism Fellow at the University of Michigan.
Kushner's book, Levittown: Two Families, One Tycoon, and the Fight for Civil Rights in America's Legendary Suburb, was published in 2009.
In 2014, he published "Gods of the Hammer: The Teenage Head Story" for Coach House.
This techno-thriller touches on important historical events, while also establishing connections to the process, and benefits of innovation to mankind.
Chandwani was born in a refugee camp in India to Sindhi parents who migrated from Pakistan after independence in 1947.
She presented weekends on BBC World News.
Tanner Stransky is a journalist and television critic for Entertainment Weekly.
He was born in Athol, Massachusetts, in Worcester County and graduated from Amherst College in 1862.
Anne Marie Abeyesinghe Mediwake is a Canadian television news anchor.
She has written for the Washington Post, the New York Times, the New Republic, the Washington Monthly and the Los Angeles Times.
While living abroad, he focused much of his writing on certain phases of French life.
He was a lecturer at the School of Welsh, Cardiff University.
In December 2013 he was named Sports Journalist of the Year in the Press Gazette British Journalism Awards.
He writes for the Fixes blog for the New York Times website and is one of the co-founders of the Solutions Journalism Network.
He was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire in 1956.
Lauren W. Whittington is an American journalist who serves as politics editor for Roll Call newspaper.
He was a graduate of the London School of Economics and earned his master's degree from Columbia University.
Scott Armstrong is the current director of Information Trust, a former journalist for The Washington Post, and founder of the National Security Archive.
His career has landed him in Europe, Asia as well as Africa.
Daniel Finkelstein of The Times described it as "a masterclass in the writing of polemic".
The non-fiction epic narrative is based on more than ten years of research, mostly at the U.S. Library of Congress.
This is a list of notable people who attended, or taught at, the University of Wisconsin–Madison:
Ali was awarded an East West Center fellowship in 2016, and a Hedgebrook fellowship in 2011.
Mr. Gibney was at the helm of CFTO News for 27 years, guiding viewers through breaking news, elections, protests, parades and more.
In August 2015, its tradition and legacy were assumed by Shadowproof, with Gosztola as Managing Editor.
He worked on both the 6 O'clock and 10 O'clock news as a world affairs correspondent.
She has won numerous awards including a Gemini Award.
He is the author of Sleepaway School and Grand Central Winter.
As a freelance writer, Cowan has contributed to most of the major media outlets in the United Kingdom and Canada.
He was born in Lake Forest, Illinois.
Sutherland was the last editor of the Pall Mall Gazette, serving in that position until the newspaper was incorporated into the Evening Standard in 1923.
In September 2007, MacGregor was promoted to become Editor of The Sunday Telegraph.
", a work looking at the rise of Thatcherism.
He sits on the Labour benches in the House of Lords.
He then joined The Independent newspaper at its launch in 1986, writing a sports and schools column.
In writing the History of Rock and Roll documentary, Johnson said "I included nearly every record I ever rem[em]ber hearing".
He currently runs the Road Goes On Forever record label, based in Washington, Tyne and Wear, England.
He's also appeared as a guest on the popular NPR program Wait Wait… Don't Tell Me!.
Previously she worked for Al Jazeera English as the channel's correspondent in Gaza before working as an anchor based in Doha, Qatar.
Harry Cole is a British journalist working for The Sun.
Frederick left Time in 2013, then settled in San Francisco to start a company, Hybrid Vigor Media.
After his retirement, he concentrated on writing obituaries for the newspaper.
David Stubbs is a British music journalist.
Her early radio career included the role of morning news anchor on The Bob Saye and Stirling Faux Show on CFMI-FM.
Her column, titled Here Are the News, concerned life in the small community of Old Crow, Yukon, and was syndicated to newspapers around the world.
The daughter of market traders in Liverpool, she was educated at St Anne's College, Oxford University.
He resided in San Diego from 1922 until his death.
Some letters of Mr. Pitt's are printed in Dr. Howard's Collection.
Reiss was born in Chicago and raised in Los Angeles.
Michael Charlton is an Australian-born journalist and broadcaster who worked for the BBC in the United Kingdom for many years.
She has also written for Q magazine, The Word, and Intelligent Life, and broadcast on BBC Radio 4.
Born in Oban, he spent most of his life on Mull, and became a journalist in his 30s.
She began her career as a war correspondent for The Washington Post covering Cambodia.
Branco Mello is a Brazilian musician and actor, best known as the vocalist and bassist of Brazilian rock band Titãs.
In 1905 he joined the editorial staff of the Globe, during which time he also worked on his six-volume history, "The English People Overseas".
Sina Najafi is the co-founder and editor-in-chief of New York-based Cabinet magazine.
He also had a program on Vancouver talk-radio station CJOR.
He died in 1945 and is buried in Bowling Green, Kentucky.
Al Dubois is a Canadian television personality, weather presenter, actor, and narrator.
Initially employed as a general reporter, he became a drama critic and entertainment writer on the newspaper.
Her book Pride, Prejudice and Proops was published in 1975, followed by Dear Marje a year later.
Marcus Chown is a science writer, journalist and broadcaster, currently cosmology consultant for New Scientist magazine.
His debut was in April 1997, the same year The Score, then "Headline Sports" made its debut across Canadian airwaves.
Within two months of working for the station, she made her first on-screen appearance as a weather presenter.
Mayne was born in North London and educated at St Paul's School in London.
Annette Hamm is a Canadian news anchor and reporter.
After leaving Vogue in 1964, Garland became Editor-in-Chief of Woman's Journal, at that time the largest women's magazine in the UK.
He often appears as a guest on Newsmax TV.
Sir Thomas Jewell Bennett, CIE was a British journalist and Conservative Party politician.
Johnson's New York Sun articles were compiled as a book in 2005.
In 1964, he became the BBC's correspondent in East Africa.
George Jones is a journalist who is the former political editor of The Telegraph and a member of the Leveson Inquiry.
His first play Dream at the End of the World, a monologue, was published worldwide in 1998 by Samuel French Inc..
At this time the newspaper was criticized for a lack of focus on minorities in Oakland.
That politicians often quailed under his gaze was no wonder, for the gaze was piercing."
In this context he published a screencast illustrating how Wikipedia articles evolve, using Heavy metal umlaut as an example.
He became distinguished also as a journalist, editing in succession the Columbian Observer, Standard, Pennsylvanian, Pennsylvania Freeman, and Mechanics' Free Press and Reform Advocate.
Young died in London on 18 January 2001; he was 72 years old.
Robert Joseph Reguly was a three-time National Newspaper Award-winning journalist.
She has also made The Sunday Times "Britain's 500 Most Influential" list three years running, from 2014 to 2016.
Chancellor lived in Northamptonshire, and was the father of British model Cecilia Chancellor and the uncle of British actress Anna Chancellor.
In June 2006, this caused an exchange of words with President George W. Bush at a White House press conference.
In Armenia she performed it simultaneously in two languages.
In the late 1980s he started as columnist for The Times and worked as business journalist, editor and ghost writer.
Timely, provocative and written throughout with a passion for Africa and Africans."
She is a native Californian and graduated with honors in journalism and political science from the University of Southern California.
She is the daughter of the lexicographer B. T. S. Atkins.
Since her retirement from Channel 4 she has been a regular presenter of the BBC Radio 4 programme The Week in Westminster.
Moeller has been a reporter for the Baltimore Sun, The Charlotte Observer, and the Louisville Courier-Journal and, later, a columnist for U.S. News and World Report.
Laïla Abid is a Moroccan-Dutch journalist, presenter and news anchor.
Reynolds' media career began at the now defunct Cambridge Red TV in 1997 as a presenter on the Red Report.
He is currently a commentator for PBS NewsHour.
During World War Two he served as a private conduit for the government to Dafoe.
Green changed the focus of the newspaper to place more emphasis on domestic events.
Her family moved to Orlando, Florida in 1987.
He has worked for the Express in a number of roles and finished his time in Aberdeen as Assistant Content Editor.
Nadira from the 2005 novel Skybreaker by Kenneth Oppel
Divorced from her husband in 2006, she lives in Bloor West Village.
It was subsequently announced that while a magazine and website were to be launched, it would now have a different name.
He was a school governor at Fircroft School Of Tooting but now holds that position at Orleans Park School .
Game Day: the Blue Jays at SkyDome
He was buried at Taynuilt with a mobile phone.
Virginia Ironside is a British journalist, agony aunt and author.
In April 2015, Hughes began writing a weekly opinion column for women's digital platform, The Pool.
Hawley began her career in journalism on Newsweek as the magazine's Jerusalem correspondent from 1991 to 1994.
His several books discuss issues surrounding natural and man-made designs.
He is the former editor of NH Journal, an online web and news site founded by local Republican activists.
He was seriously wounded in June 1993 near Šibenik, Croatia.
Libertito Pelayo is the founding publisher and editor-in-chief of the Filipino Reporter newspaper in New York City.
From August 2016, Barnett has been a columnist for The Sunday Times and a co-presenter of BBC One's Sunday Morning Live since June 2017.
He was chairman of the board of health during the 1847 typhus epidemic 
Pete Johnson was a music critic for the Los Angeles Times in the 1960s, before being replaced by Robert Hilburn in 1970.
During his 17 years on the city council he served as mayor four times, in 1837, 1848, 1849, and 1850.
In 2007 he won the George F. Kennan Commentary Award.
Elizabeth Arnold is an American news reporter.
Half a Highlander: An Autobiography of a Scottish Youth
Fisher was born in Montreal in 1926 and was given the nickname "Red" due to the colour of his hair in his younger years.
Before that, he worked for Newsweek and the Chicago Tribune.
George Lagogianes is a Canadian television personality, currently a reporter/anchor for CP24.
Franken was CNN's primary correspondent in President Clinton's impeachment.
Wood works as a lecturer in Political Science at Yale University.
In the 1920s he was in Paris, writing fiction.
In June 2015 he published a novel, My Life And The Beautiful Music.
The book was generally well received and there were several positive reviews.
He wrote "The True History of a Little Ragamuffin" in 1866.
Peter Darwin Goddard is an award-winning Canadian music journalist.
Ron Wilson's tenure as the host of Edmonton A.M. ended on January 7, 2011.
Bohan was President of the White House Correspondents' Association for the July 2011 to July 12 term.
Talcott Williams,, was an American journalist and educator.
He is best known for producing technology-related features for CNN, which he joined in 2000.
The Lifetime Network is producing a tv movie The Lost Wife of Robert Durst based on Birkbeck's book that is scheduled to air in 2018 .
Driberg described the new feature as "...an intimate biographical column about ... men and women who matter.
As a young adult he spent much of his time travelling and studying in Europe, mainly in Germany, Austria and Italy.
Tim Judah is a British reporter and political analyst for The Economist, and has written several books, mainly focusing on Serbia and Kosovo.
In mid 2016 his archive of football ground images is to be made available via the When Saturday Comes photography gallery.
From its inception in 2004, until January 2013, he was the original and sole presenter of the BBC News 24's weekly viewer right-to-reply programme NewsWatch.
He then returned to London to run The Economist's business coverage.
Ken Silverstein is an American journalist who, in September 2010, left his position as Washington editor and blogger at Harper's Magazine, but remained a contributing editor.
His father, Warren Olney III, was an attorney, and his grandfather, Warren Olney Jr., was a Justice of the California Supreme Court.
Jenkins was educated at Culford School and Trinity Hall, Cambridge, where he took a BA in History.
As part of his role, Nuki was a member of the Clinical Information Advisory Group.
Unaware of the journalist's medical condition, the president questioned Wallsten's need to wear sunglasses when the sun wasn't visible.
Alva Johnston was an American journalist and biographer who won a Pulitzer Prize for journalism in 1923.
He has published several books on the topic of personal finance.
Kushner's 2016 autobiography, Alligator Candy, describes the abduction and murder of his pre-teen brother, Jonathan Kushner.
His daughter, Sally Hardcastle, was also a broadcast journalist.
His writings have appeared in several publications, including Rolling Stone, The Washington Post, and Politico.
The Yorkton, Saskatchewan native first arrived in Toronto in 1973.
John Seabrook is an American journalist who writes about technology and popular culture.
Also around this time, he became close friends with famous Japanese author Yukio Mishima.
Ashok Chandwani immigrated to Canada from India in 1973 and in 1979, began working at The Montreal Gazette.
He had previously worked at the London News Network, where he worked as a sports presenter for the London Tonight programme.
Samuel Harrison Smith  was an American journalist and newspaper publisher.
He became well known as a cricket and rugby correspondent, but also covered badminton, table tennis and cycling.
McKenzie is also an “Honoured Member” of the Manitoba Hockey Hall of Fame.
In the 1970s, Graham was a correspondent for NBC News, where he covered the Watergate scandal among other events.
She now lives in West London with her husband.
He represented St. John's South from 1966 to 1971 and Conception Bay South from 1975 to 1979 in the Newfoundland House of Assembly.
Ceren has written for The Jewish Journal of Greater Los Angeles, and has contributed op-eds to other publications.
He was made a Knight Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George in June 1919.
Meghan Clyne is a writer in Washington, D.C., with pieces having appeared in The Weekly Standard, the New York Sun, and the National Review.
Her next position required her to move to Saskatchewan for a job reporting and anchoring for a local station.
It has been re-published by Centrum Books in Sarajevo and as an e-book with Endeavour Press.
In October 2008, he returned to Citytv Toronto as weekend anchor alongside Farah Nasser.
In 1859, at the age of 22, he founded The Irish Times.
He was appointed Consul-General for the United States in Morocco.
On 19 August 1903 Maria married Herbert Edward Clarke, an English publisher living and working in Paris, owner of the Imprimerie Vendôme at 338 Rue St-Honoré.
Krissi Murison is a British music journalist and former editor of the NME.
He lives with Judith Herrin; the couple have two daughters, the singer Tamara Barnett Herrin and Portia Barnett-Herrin.
In 2000, he was shot six times in the back during an attack outside the newspaper office.
From 1984 to 1985 he was also a Harkness Fellow at the University of California at Berkeley.
Anna Stothard, is a British novelist, journalist and scriptwriter.
His father Osmond Ardagh played first-class cricket for Oxford University and was a colonial administrator.
Peter Chippindale was a British newspaper journalist and author.
In 1983, Proffitt moved to Los Angeles, where he contributed stories to NPR programs, produced books-on-tape and wrote movie trailers.
Clayton Fritchey was born in 1904 in Bellefontaine, Ohio.
Mark Feeney is an arts critic for The Boston Globe.
He is the business editor and “Any Other Business” columnist of The Spectator as well as editor of the monthly Spectator Business.
Bob Hohler is an investigative reporter for The Boston Globe.
Dan Hirschhorn is a national political journalist based in New York City where he currently serves as the Continuous News Editor of Time.com.
She is a former partner of Tom McCabe MSP and now wife of David Martin MEP.
He did his residency in community medicine at the University of Toronto.
In June 2006, he faced another libel suit, this time from FIA director of publicity Richard Woods which Woods won.
Beginning in 1982, DiStaso wrote the newspaper's most influential political column, "The Granite Status."
She is best known for her work at The Washington Post, where she worked from 1983 until leaving for the Wall Street Journal.
He then moved to Citytv in 1991.
He moved to the Blackpool Gazette in 2009, where he took the role of Digital Editor.
Alissa Johannsen Rubin is an American journalist who began covering the Middle East for The New York Times in 2007.
Fiona Foster is a British television presenter and journalist who has also spent several years working in the United States.
He was the editor of The Herald newspaper in Scotland 2000–2005.
He broke several world records for endurance and speed in 1954 and 1955 and narrowly missed out on competing for his country in the Olympic Games.
There is no independent evidence supporting the author's claims to have played professional football.
Meyer was a Nieman Fellow in 1966-1967.
Richard W. "Dick" Johnston, was a Canadian sports journalist.
1999 Nominated Gemini Awards - Best Reportage "Whistleblower Doctor" CTV National News
He has also written for the Los Angeles Times Magazine, Premiere, L.A. Weekly, Buzz and The Quarterly.
Fox died of muscular atrophy at Wellington in January 1886.
Her work has also been published under the names Jan Dyer, Jan Dyer Torsilieri, and Janet Dyer Torsilieri.
In 2014 Needs completed the biographical work on George Clinton: George Clinton: The Cosmic Odyssey of Dr Funkenstein.
He is the editor and publisher of In These Times, a Chicago-based news magazine founded in 1976 by James Weinstein.
He has climbed the Seven Summits, the highest mountains on each continent, including Mount Everest.
He was also the Member of Parliament for the Sevenoaks constituency from 1918 to 1923.
In 2010 he moved to sports as CBC's sports journalist and anchor.
Dilip Mehta is an Indian-born Canadian photojournalist and director.
Steuart was also an historian focusing mainly on Maryland history and the role that Maryland played during the American Civil War.
R. Jeffrey Smith is a reporter at the Washington Post and was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for Investigative Reporting in 2006.
His father Daniel Kabasele was born in the Democratic Republic of Congo, and received a Ph.D. in France before emigrating to Quebec.
A former member of the editorial committee of New Left Review, Barnett writes for the New Statesman and the Guardian.
After his death at age 40, his brother Sydney Pardon took over as editor for 35 years.
He began his journalistic career in newspapers, working for The Times 1971–1974, before moving to the BBC, where he worked in Radio news.
players Kenny Dalglish, John Barnes and Steven Gerrard.
He has been a finalist for three Pulitzer Prizes.
Mark has also voiced roles in BBC Network Radio plays.
In December 2014, Firedoglake founder Jane Hamsher suspended operations indefinitely although parts of FDL, such as The Dissenter, continued.
A series of short stories about Northern soul was broadcast on Radio 4 in 2011.
In 1995, whilst at the News of the World under editor Piers Morgan, Jones was named "Reporter of the Year" at the British Press Awards.
In addition to her work, she was a broadcaster on television and radio.
In 2016, he transitioned to an advisory role as vice president for editorial and development.
She graduated from the University of Calgary with a B.A.
Between 1948 and 1955 he was ballet critic for The Observer.
He serves as the Deputy Editorial Page Director of The Wall Street Journal and a Fox News contributor.
Crawford was also the first host of the television series Kentucky Life on Kentucky Educational Television, from the debut in September 1995 through summer 1999.
Dave Evans is an American television journalist.
Early in his career he was a policy analyst for Consumer Alert, a position he held until 1996.
Kay has now left The Sun and retired.
He also served as an on-air personality for WTTG Fox 5's Newsbag .
He was educated at Malvern College, and Balliol College, Oxford, which he entered in 1913 to read history.
Parker worked for the Winston-Salem Journal before attending UNC-Chapel Hill.
Joining the Rifle Brigade, Philipps transferred as Captain to the South African Intelligence Department.
He was also a member of the Orange Order in Canada.
Sterne and published by the Maryland Historical Society.
The show has a massive following and Whiteley took over from David Clayton in 2016.
Steve Mirsky is a writer for Scientific American and the host of the magazine's weekly science podcast, "Science Talk".
He died in Palatka, Florida, at the age of thirty.
Pape is the editor and publisher of the Internet Wealth Builder, The Income Investor, and The Canada Report and founding editor Mutual Funds/ETFs Update.
Following graduation, he worked for The Hartford Courant for 10 years.
Yalman Onaran is a Turkish-born American financial journalist.
Alan Rifkin is a former contributing editor of Details magazine.
Emshwiller served as Editor-in-Chief of The Daily Californian, the University of California, Berkeley student newspaper, in Spring 1971.
After nine years of involvement as a senior in the news section, Teuma is now GBC's Head of Radio.
He is a former political editor of The Sun newspaper who succeeded Trevor Kavanagh in January 2006.
In the 1980s he was publisher with partner Jack McCann of the weekly newspaper Nanaimo Times in Nanaimo, British Columbia.
In this role she won two Emmy's.
He graduated in 2004 with a MA degree in Philosophy.
Nelson was Billboard magazine’s first rap editor.
Nugent's editorial policy at the various newspapers he published was one of independence and wide-ranging in content.
Dr Willis Pickard was editor of the Times Educational Supplement Scotland for twenty two years until he retired in 2001.
David Dae-Hyun Cho is an American journalist.
Most recently she wrote the Newly Released column for the Arts section, as well as book reviews.
He received a fellowship from the Guggenheim Foundation in 1932 to write a history of Spanish and Portuguese literature in America.
The tracks were edited and mastered at Octopus Studio by Dave.
His son from his first marriage, Alton Blakeslee, eventually succeeded him as science editor at AP, retiring in 1985.
After graduating in 1965, Parker was a copy editor for the Grand Rapids Press in Grand Rapids, Michigan.
He previously reported for BBC Radio Devon and Euronews.
He graduated in 1927 with a degree in journalism.
In 2015 she directed the authored documentary, First Heartbeat, about her experiences with miscarriage, broadcast on TLC UK and Discovery International around the world.
In 1996, he became editor of Human Events, a national conservative weekly newspaper in the United States, since converted to a website.
He then joined the Glasgow Herald as a general reporter in 1959, working in the city until 1964.
Cote wrote the libretto for composer Stefan Weisman's opera Fade, which was commissioned and produced in 2008 by Second Movement Opera.
Names under each date are reported in alphabetical order by surname or pseudonym.
However, some of Britain's most notorious murderers are not serving whole-life sentences.
He was educated at Balliol College, Oxford, and later called to the Bar, but chose to take up journalism as his profession.
In March 2007, Rubython, by this time using the name 'Batman Rubython', or Bat for short, in turn, won a libel action against Woods.
He went to Canada with his parents in 1848, and they settled in Toronto, where he graduated from the University of Toronto in 1858.
O'Neill died in Baltimore, Maryland in 1971.
Scaduto's thesis was that Hauptmann was innocent and that the police either manufactured or suppressed vital evidence.
He worked as the supervisor of indexers at the Times.
In The Beginning was the Worm was shortlisted for the Aventis Prize.
Martyn Bedford is a British novelist and literary critic.
He began his career in the entertainment games industry including a period at Commodore User before moving into music journalism.
DeRose graduated magna cum laude, Phi Beta Kappa from St. Olaf College in Northfield, Minnesota with majors in religion and English.
An ongoing series on the pregnancy and the births was carried in the National Post.
Robinson first came to the attention of music fans with his self-published biography/fanzine of The KLF, Justified and Ancient History.
She acted as consultant to Egoyan who modelled the female lead role Ani on her.
Dan Collins is a senior producer for CBS News.com.
His brother-in-law was the comedian and artist Dave Allen, whom he greatly admired.
She was the host of “Captains,” a weekly show profiling NHL team captains on the NHL Network in the United States and Canada.
He is President of A. Gary Shilling & Co., Inc., editor of A. Gary Shilling's Insight, and member of The Nihon Keizai Shimbun Board of Economists.
His early death at age 36 ended his involvement of this diverse cause.
He was also the first non-Juggalo to attend and report on the Gathering of the Juggalos.
He writes satire, memoir, political comment and anarchic humor.
This award recognizes broadcasters who are devoted to enhancing and giving back to their communities.
He was also the Times' literary editor., and wrote several books including 'The Royal Palaces', 'London's River', and 'We Thundered Out: 200 Years of the Times'.
She also co-produced an hour-long documentary on the struggles of women in politics that was broadcast during the 1997 election campaign.
She has gone on to become a YA author.
Following his retirement from Canada AM, Perry moved to CBC Newsworld where he was a Calgary-based host.
Anita Hamilton is a journalist whose career began at her college newspaper, The Dartmouth, where she was a reporter and editor.
Patrice Roy is a Canadian news anchor.
Thomas Evans is a 1999 graduate of the University of Rochester, receiving a BA in Political Science as well as BA in Studio Arts.
Julia Mary Langdon is a British journalist and writer.
The station describes itself as "the station that loves Surrey and Hampshire" and is the highest listened to commercial radio station in the area.
Craig Oliver is currently chief political commentator for CTV News, and is the former co-anchor of the weekly public affairs series Question Period.
Michael Davidson was an English journalist, memoirist, and an open pederast.
He was a close personal friend of racing driver Ayrton Senna and his interview with the Brazilian racer is highly regarded.
Scripps School of Journalism at Ohio University in Athens, Ohio.
She is now News Director at People.com
During this time he was a finalist in the New York radio festival.
He has written for publications including The Wall Street Journal, O magazine and The New Yorker.
Articles written by Torres have appeared in the Chicago Tribune, Arizona Republic, Sacramento Bee, Albuquerque Journal and U.S. News & World Report.
Gill began her career as a writer and researcher for CHAN-TV.
He is the author of Falling Eagle: the Decline of Barclays Bank, and Closing Balances: Business Obituaries from the Daily Telegraph.
She is reportedly writing a book on internet culture.
She was the Times 's correspondent and then bureau chief in Tokyo from 1984 to 1989.
In 2000, she and a team of CBC journalists won an investigative award from the Canadian Association of Journalists.
She joined the CBC and worked at TV stations in Calgary, Ottawa and Toronto.
Her successful career as a journalist and writer led to her being honoured with a CBE in 2000.
MacGregor joined South West News Service in Bristol in 1988.
He traveled to Europe as a journalist during World War I writing for the Boston Evening Transcript.
Victoria Finlay is a writer and journalist, known for her books on colour and jewels.
He also wrote the comedy series Struggle, broadcast on Channel 4, a satire on the Conservative–Labour battles in local government at the time.
Emma Barnett is a British broadcaster and journalist.
She is also the past president of the 2,500-member National Association of Science Writers.
Jannat Jalil is a newsreader on Sky News.
Before being named Morning Live co-host in 2005, Hamm was the station's crime reporter and a backup news anchor.
After graduating from Southampton University, Miles was adopted as a trainee on The Mail on Sunday.
Among his investigative reports: cryptography, stealth aircraft, arms control verification, Brazil's power, and the Gulf War.
From 1987 to 1996, he was the agricultural and environmental correspondent for BBC News, in radio and television.
David Swanson is an American activist, blogger and author.
Miles was appointed in September 2012 to a paid post, advising the Education Secretary Michael Gove and Liberal Democrat Minister of State for Schools David Laws.
His reports have appeared on the NBC Nightly News in the USA and are sometimes used by NBC as learning materials for students.
In the 1930s he edited Night and Day with Graham Greene, until a libel action ended the journal in 1937.
Alexander Chancellor died on 28 January 2017, aged 77.
Sally Turton Hardcastle was a journalist and radio presenter, best known for presenting Woman's Hour and The World Tonight for the BBC.
John Wesley Dafoe was a Canadian journalist and Liberal.
Under the collective pseudonym Matthew McAllister, he and Simon Burt have written a crime novel, Blood Month, published electronically under their imprint Atrium Editions.
He lives in Bethesda, Maryland, with his wife and two sons.
He wrote a play, "Talent Night", performed at his local theatre.
He edited the magazine until 1975, when he sold it for £75,000 to Henry Keswick.
Patrick Hennessy is Deputy Director of Communications for the Labour Party.
She was previously a foreign correspondent for NBC News.
During this time, he remained in contact with the intern director at Entertainment Weekly, having been denied an internship twice during college.
In 1937, she married Ken Stott, who was a journalist for the News Chronicle.
He was survived by his wife Jane, a daughter, and two grandchildren.
In 1993 he became Chief Editor of the CBC English language news.
Peter Jenkins was a visiting Fellow of Nuffield College, Oxford.
O'Malley also wrote the CBC docudrama Giant Mine.
Torres played a significant role the debate surrounding the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986, which addressed civil rights protections, temporary workers and legalization.
Lyn Lloyd Newman was a literary journalist and author.
He left to explore other opportunities at the CBC.
Dome co-founded the UKs first rock radio station, TotalRock, along with Friday Rock Show DJ Tommy Vance and producer Tony Wilson.
He was part of the ESPN commentary team in South Africa for the 2010 World Cup.
James Durkin Frederick was an American author and journalist who was an editor for Time magazine.
Miranda Sawyer is an English journalist and broadcaster.
She has appeared as a guest on C-SPAN "Newsmakers" program.
Martin O'Malley is a Canadian journalist and writer.
He was presented the award by Bill Kenwright.
He is a senior correspondent for GQ magazine.
Prior to joining CBC, Mediwake co-anchored Global Television's Toronto flagship newscast.
Nuki was educated at George Watson's College, a private school in Edinburgh, and later the University of Liverpool.
Firth started his career at the Lancashire Evening Post, a local daily newspaper then based in Fishergate, Preston, Lancashire.
Masters worked for the BBC for more than 25 years, firstly presenting news and current affairs programmes.
Gabriel Clarke is an award-winning TV journalist and documentary filmmaker.
In September 2012 he joined Simon Cowell's entertainment company Syco as a consultant.
In 1962, aged 17, she moved to Headley, Surrey to live with her father, and studied journalism, eventually joining the Sunday Express as a reporter.
In the mid-1990s he moved to the Atlanta Journal-Constitution, where he was a book reviewer and columnist.
Primarily, she has worked as a college football sideline reporter for the Big Ten Network, as well as a play-by-play announcer, studio host, and feature producer/reporter.
John Walter was the son of John Walter, the founder of The Times, and succeeded his father as the newspaper's second editor.
Some TMS performers are now writers for Saturday Night Live and NBC's Community.
He writes a column in the media section of The Guardian newspaper on Fridays.
McNeil was part of the panel The New Aesthetic at SXSW 2012 and the follow up "Stories from the New Aesthetic" at the New Museum.
The Times also noted that Jimmy Carter did not build on these contacts.
As a freelance writer he contributed articles to The New York Times, Harper's Weekly and The Atlantic among others.
He also edited Obama: The Essential Guide to the Democratic Nominee.
He previously worked at Scotland on Sunday, The Sunday Times and The Times.
Andrew Brown is a British-born journalist who spent most of his career in Hong Kong.
To common or gentry, I talk element'ry
She is now the New York Times bureau chief in Berlin.
Rich Cole is a freelance journalist who first gained notoriety for his pithy articles with the University of Victoria's newspaper, The Martlet.
Jeanne Cummings is a political reporter and columnist.
Lewis Doxat was an English newspaper editor.
His work has appeared in periodicals ranging from the New York Times to the Times of London, and from Harper's to the New Yorker.
At the time of his death, Charles Jennings left behind his wife, Elizabeth, and his children, the youngest, Sarah, and the oldest, broadcaster Peter.
His granddaughter is Sandra Blakeslee, a long-time science reporter for the New York Times.
He writes a column on business and the economy that is published twice weekly in The Washington Post.
As an editor in the Life section, she was responsible for the paper's daily celebrity coverage.
Her parents immigrated to Canada from her native Sri Lanka when she was just a child.
: Searching the Soul of Football and Richer Than God: Manchester City, Modern Football and Growing Up.
The son of Leo Nolan and Rose Redmond, he was born in St. John's and was educated there.
Samantha Gillison is an expatriate Australian writer who frequently contributes to Salon.com and Condé Nast Traveler.
He is also a lecturer and a public intellectual, who regularly discusses issues on NPR, PBS, MSNBC, and CNN.
He is the author of The Secret Life of War - Journeys Through Modern Conflict.
Her book "The $11 Billion Year: From Sundance to the Oscars, an Inside Look at the Changing Hollywood System" was published by HarperCollins in 2014.
He has worked for Thornhill Securities, the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco, Merrill Lynch, and White Weld & Co, and Standard Oil Co NJ.
She also directed and produced a 2004 documentary Destiny for the National Geographic Channel.
He was Deputy Chairman of News Group from 1979 but was transferred to the Western Mail in Australia in 1981, and edited The Australian in 1982.
The first volume, The Magnificent Obsession, won a 1990 Governor General's Award.
In 1947, after war service in the RAF, he joined the Manchester Guardian as reporter, book reviewer, and theatre critic.
Simpson has also been a “Hockey Insider” with the Bill Watters Show on AM640 Radio in Toronto, Ontario.
Bounds graduated from the University of North Dakota in 1974.
In 1998, she left the Sunday Times to concentrate on writing more books.
Amongst other events, Dunnell covered the Olympic Games from 1952 through 1968, Stanley and Grey Cup events, and the Kentucky Derby.
Keith Gave is a former sports reporter for the Detroit Free Press and Dallas Morning News reporter.
Mary Walsh is a journalist and producer at CBS News.
Davina Barbara is a Gibraltarian radio and television presenter.
The following is a list of presenters with Al Jazeera Media Network, the international news conglomerate, based in Doha and financed by the Qatari government.
Edward "Ed" Fouhy was an American journalist and television news executive.
Trevor Michael Thomas Kavanagh is an English journalist and former political editor of The Sun.
He was born in the Scottish city of Dundee and was educated at Blairs in Aberdeen and the University of Paris.
A science journalist for more than 20 years, she first came to Scientific American in 2001 as its executive editor.
The online serial "The Dirty Boys' Club,” which he wrote for OutPersonals, was published as a novel in 2012.
Fritchey served as presidential candidate Adlai Stevenson's press secretary in the 1952 and 1956.
He is the co-anchor for CTV News at noon and 6:00 p.m. since April 2001, originally alongside Christine Bentley; he currently co-hosts with Michelle Dubé.
He graduated from Jefferson College in 1847.
He has worked as a commentator for National Public Radio and a columnist for Washington Informer.
Bronwyn Drainie is a Canadian arts journalist.
She was born in Paisley, the daughter of Charles and Agnes Byrne.
Craig S. Smith is an American journalist.
Her father was William Hardcastle, a British news broadcaster.
He has used the pseudonym Daniel Nassim.
In 1858 he was the editor of the Montreal Pilot.
Thomas M. O'Neill was an American journalist.
Marks became The Independent's Asia-Pacific correspondent based in Sydney, Australia, in 1999.
Charles Lewis Beale was an American politician and a member of the United States House of Representatives from New York.
Between April 2010 and July 2012, Cook served as games editor at UK-based multiformat gaming site NowGamer.
Previously she was Acting Director of News at the BBC from November 2012 until August 2013 and a member of the BBC's executive board.
These include some of Britain's most notorious criminals, including the "Yorkshire Ripper" Peter Sutcliffe.
He received several journalist training fellowships in Asia, including the Jefferson Fellowship, Hong Kong Fellowship, and the East-West Center's Senior Journalists' Seminar.
His writing frequently appears in The New York Times, The New Yorker, The Guardian and Salon.
Boulton has authored or edited 21 books in the fields of history, current affairs, theology, and humanism.
Inglis is currently editor of the Played in Britain series on sporting heritage, published by Historic England.
He was also the CEO and Editor of The Armory, a publishing partnership with Akashic Books.
Henry Winter is an English sports journalist, who served as football correspondent of The Daily Telegraph for 20 years.
He also contributed to the Encyclopædia Britannica, Chambers Encyclopedia, Punch, The Week-End Book, The New Law Journal, The Times Literary Supplement, and The Author.
Nawaz is well travelled, having lived in the Philippines, Italy, the United States, France, Chile and the UK.
His book Pam Na Fu Cymru was shortlisted for Wales Book of the Year award in the non-fiction category.
He has curated exhibitions at the Victoria and Albert Museum as well as the Wellcome Collection.
Weiner was a longtime correspondent for National Public Radio.
David Pallister is a British investigative journalist.
During this time he wrote the Channel Four documentaries "The Battersea Bardot"(1994) and "The National Alf".
She frequently appears on radio and television discussion forums.
In June 2007, Stevens was awarded an honorary Doctor of Letters degree by Laurier for his
His riding career saw him ride over 100 winners including the Imperial Cup and The Mandarin Handicap Chase.
A social activist, he has travelled internationally to assist with relief activities after disasters including Grenada’s Hurricane Ivan.
Originally purely a sportswriter, he has since diversified into a wider range of cultural journalism.
He was deputy editor of the British science fiction magazine SFX from 1995 to 1998.
His mother is a Methodist pastor and his father was the founder of several telecommunications companies in New Jersey.
Philip James Collins is a British journalist, academic, banker and speechwriter.
In 1956 he became a BBC home news reporter and between 1961 and 1972 was an assistant political correspondent before being appointed Political Editor in 1975.
He was also the Vice President of Television for the Score.
In 2000, she was a recipient of the Whiting Award for her work in The Undiscovered Country.
Her teachers, nevertheless, advised her against matriculation.
Deborah Ross is a British journalist and author.
He lives with his wife in Chicago.
Murphy also produced and hosted A Piece of the Game, a weekly sports memorabilia show that aired on Sports Channel.
In February 1801 Smith published Jefferson's Manual, "A Manual of Parliamentary Practice for the Use of the Senate of the United States."
His work has appeared extensively in Wired.com, and Singel co-founded the Threat Level blog with journalist and convicted hacker Kevin Lee Poulsen.
In 1989, he left Radio-Canada for CBC Radio, where he became Sunday Morning's correspondent in Ottawa.
Mary Riddell is a columnist for The Daily Telegraph, and serves as the newspaper's assistant editor.
She is from the Ancaster community of Hamilton, Ontario.
Alongside Curator David Basulto, Taylor-Foster was co-curator for the pavilion of the Nordic Countries at the 2016 Venice Biennale of Architecture directed by Alejandro Aravena.
Prior to this he was a senior writer for Salon for five years, and before that a contributing editor to Rolling Stone.
John Tracy Winterich was born in Middletown, CT on May 25, 1891.
He is the author of This Is Your Country on Drugs.
Richard Keith Stott was a British journalist and editor.
Sabih Mansoor was the chief and editor of 'Pakeeza International' an Urdu/English newspaper serving the areas surrounding Toronto.
She has also worked on a freelance basis for The Independent  and London Evening Standard  newspapers and Noble Rot Magazine 
She previously reported on CNN's The Situation Room.
Adam Hochberg is a radio correspondent for National Public Radio based in Chapel Hill, North Carolina.
Interim hosts of the program have included Hallie Cotnam and Kathleen Petty.
Di Giuseppe has also appeared in a feature family film, Bailey's Billion$.
Charles Molloy Westmacott was a British journalist and author, editor of The Age, the leading Sunday newspaper of the early 1830s.
Dafoe was one of the country's most influential and powerful journalists.
Becker holds a degree in Indian studies from the University of Washington and did language studies at the Kendriya Hindi Sansthaan in Agra, India.
published in 1943, he developed the idea that political ideologies of the Left are responsible for the raise to power of Adolf Hitler.
He was convicted of criminal contempt of court on November 18, 2004, and sentenced on December 9, 2004 to six months of home confinement.
He engaged in journalism as an editorial writer on the Toronto Mail.
Initially, it was heavily subsidized by the British government, with a limited circulation.
He is currently the senior staff writer for the organization.
He did practice law extensively but it was journalism and publishing that interested him most.
He was a personal friend to the late Pierre Elliot Trudeau at the same time that he reported on Trudeau's Liberal government.
Weir was editor of the Labour Party's monthly magazine New Socialist in the mid-1980s.
She is the youngest person to win a Pulitzer.
Before taking up writing for TV, he was a sports journalist for The Guardian and The Observer, writing The Football Man: People and Passions in Soccer.
Nilay Patel is an American lawyer, editor, and journalist, best known for his work at technology news websites Engadget and The Verge.
From 2014 to 2015, Morton served as a field reporter and host for Noisey's music documentaries Noisey Chiraq and Noisey Atlanta.
In 2006, the Canadian government produced a dramatic presentation called "Elizabeth Parker and the Alpine Club of Canada" describing Parker's contribution to Canadian mountaineering.
He freelanced for The San Francisco Bay Guardian and The Economist in the 1970s;
Dave Cook is a comic writer, video game journalist, author and former PR consultant living in Edinburgh, Scotland.
Swift is an American journalist, working as the Harrisburg, Pennsylvania bureau chief for the Times-Shamrock Communications newspapers.
It was named after the eighteenth-century diarist William Hickey.
From 1985 until his retirement in 1995 he was the regular newsreader on CBC's Midday program.
Putney is the winner of two Emmy Awards.
Charles Richard Jeremy Fox was an English writer and broadcaster specialising in jazz.
He worked on World Cup coverage in 2002 and 2006 [1][2], and is a regular reporter on Football Focus, Match of the Day and Final Score[3].
It was a top selling soft cover, non-fiction book in Canada upon its release.
Jill Daley is a Scottish broadcaster, model and journalist who lost her sight at the age of 19 to a condition called diabetic retinopathy.
A noted author, he died on 23 May 1950.
He is a regular guest on New Hampshire Outlook on New Hampshire Public Television.
Langley was appointed the ambassador to Pakistan in 1957, and served for two years.
He joined ITV in 1971, and was regularly seen and heard on The ITV Seven and later Channel 4 Racing for thirty years.
He began his American residency at Manchester, N.H.
He is the co-host of NPR's Here and Now, which is co-produced by WBUR-FM.He began co-hosting the show, along with Robin Young on July 1, 2013.
James Pitt was an 18th-century English journalist.
The illness left him with a permanently deformed hip which also prevented the continuation of his history writing; instead he turned to writing on philosophy.
For the Welsh rugby union player see Rhodri Williams
In 1985, she joined The New York Times as a reporter, ultimately becoming the beauty editor and the food editor of The New York Times Magazine.
Nathaniel is also currently teaching as an English Teacher in Santa Rosa.
Debra "Debbie" Goad was an American journalist and assistant editor of the magazine Answer Me!
Following graduation, she began writing for The Guardian from 2000 specialising in writing features.
Matthew Raymond Snoddy OBE, born 1946, commonly known as Raymond Snoddy, is a British news media journalist, television presenter, author and media commentator.
Cummings, Raymond Carver, Lorrie Moore, and Joyce Johnson.
He wrote music criticism for the Quebec City newspaper L'Événement from 1922-1932.
Gledhill has written features, news stories and a weblog for The Times 
With Bob Woodward, he co-authored the 1979 book The Brethren, an inside account of the United States Supreme Court.
Rabinovitch subsequently launched the Giller Prize, one of Canada's largest and most influential literary awards, in her memory.
Born in Manchester and raised in a pub, she was educated at Roedean.
She also writes about the show Game of Thrones.
Also, he contributed to CN8's sports productions year-round, as host or reporter for the network's live event coverage and specials.
Penny Macmillan is a British journalist, who presented the news on Reporting Scotland for nearly ten years.
Petersen is now the anchor of CityNews Tonight, weeknights at 11pm.
She has had numerous other positions with the CBC.
Bleifuss' articles have been featured on Project Censored's list of suppressed news stories more than those of any other American journalist.
Currently she is a correspondent at ABC News based in New York.
Jennifer Ward is a Canadian broadcast journalist, and an anchor with CTV News Channel since 1999.
He had covered fifteen wars and revolutions throughout the world, and worked for The Guardian and was a travel writer.
Nicole Beland was the Men's Health Girl Next Door until the May 2009 issue.
Two years later, she returned to the network in Toronto as a producer on Newsmagazine and news specials.
He writes for The Times, The Guardian, Daily Mail, and the Evening Standard.
Although Phillip suffered from a degenerative bone disorder, this did not contribute to his death.
There is also a week-long series of photos that picture a particular problem, with Deidre giving advice at the end.
There, he advised The Hawk, the student-run newspaper.
In Dubai she also worked for the Dubai Business Channel as a presenter and journalist, and presented a live show on Ch33.
The title is a phrase from McCartney's song "When I'm Sixty-Four", from the Beatles' 1967 album Sgt.
He studied political science at McGill University and then took graduate degrees in journalism and international relations at Carleton University.
Morton has been a producer and correspondent for HBO's news magazine series Vice since 2013.
After working with The Canadian Press he joined The Globe and Mail in 1970, and eventually the Toronto Star in 1979.
Godfrey Barker is a British journalist and author.
Bruce Ramsey is an American journalist and editorial writer for the Seattle Times, as well as contributing editor to Liberty magazine.
In 1974, while studying toward a Master's degree in sociology, Tesher began working as a freelance journalist.
He was a longtime journalist and executive with Time-Life and the founding managing editor of Sports Illustrated magazine.
The second in a series, Faith Without Doubt, was published in September 2005.
Driberg continued to write the column until 1943.
James Traynor is a Scottish former sports journalist and the former Director of Communications at Rangers F.C.
In 1993, Cormier became Radio-Canada's Le Point correspondent in Ottawa.
Previously she worked for Nylon in New York.
This nostalgic event was covered by BBC Southern Counties Radio.
Delicate health induced Fox to emigrate to Australia.
Her first novel, Twenty-One Locks, recounts the story of "a young small-town girl facing the biggest decision of her life."
He was the Member of Parliament for East Lothian from 2015, until he lost his seat at the snap 2017 general election.
Nathan Hale was an American journalist and newspaper publisher who introduced regular editorial comment as a newspaper feature.
He was the son of Charles A.
He also represented the Diocese of Rochester in the National Assembly of the Church of England.
Eli Kintisch is an American science journalist.
James Curtis was a British journalist and eccentric.
He is a feature columnist for The Globe and Mail, where he contributes to the paper's financial section, Report on Business.
Colin Brown is a British film journalist, based in New York City, who has been editor and editor-in-chief of the trade magazine Screen International.
René Cutforth was a British broadcaster and writer.
In 1916-19, he was president of the Association of Foreign Correspondents in America, and in the latter year, editor of the Globe.
He covered events in Cambodia and Vietnam during the Vietnam War.
Phillip was born in Enfield, United Kingdom, but he grew up in Cheshunt, Hertfordshire, where he was a pupil at Cheshunt School.
As well as being an adviser, she used her column to campaign for numerous causes.
Rubython lost a libel suit before the UK High Court in 2006 and was ordered to pay damages of £75,000.
His column appeared in the Sunday paper and was a lengthy look at the New Hampshire State House.
Peter John Robert Riddell CBE PC is a British journalist, author.
A major component of public journalism is to train journalists to view events from the citizen's perspective rather than that of the participants in the news.
Since February 2007 he has been editor of IPC's Nuts Magazine, Britain's biggest selling men's weekly.
He served in the United States Navy as a Hospital Corpsman.
Although defeated in 1891, he was re-elected in the 1896 election.
He grew up in Hamilton, Ontario and attended high school at Bishop Ryan Catholic High School, where he was valedictorian of his graduating class in 1994.
He was the foreign editor of The New York Times for 16 years and then an assistant managing editor.
He left India in 1901, when 3,000 Guzerat farmers presented him with an address thanking him for supporting their grievances.
He has reported for the Times in more than forty countries, from Iraq to Israel to Kyrgyzstan and covered the 2005 unrest in the French banlieues.
Paine became a stockholder of Ascutney Mountain Resort of Brownsville, Vermont in 1957 and majority owner in 1961.
He landed his first job with the East Anglian Daily Times in Ipswich.
She presents The Daily Lunch, a weekday lunchtime show on Glasgow's Insight Radio, a radio station for visually impaired listeners.
In his popular column 'Lost Words' he discussed the meaning of unusual words, and in 'Modern Manners' he offered practical advice on etiquette.
He was awarded the CBE in the 1955 Queens Birthday Honours.
He has worked on four general elections for Channel 4 News and covered the peace process in Northern Ireland.
She has held a variety of positions with the Star, both as a writer and an editor.
Major Hasek graduated from the University of Ottawa and later the University of New Brunswick with a Master of Arts in Psychology.
Bond was educated at the University of Southampton and King's College London..
In 1905, he joined the Toronto Telegram working as a suburban editor, editor, city editor, and head of the court bureau.
He is the father of Henry Sugiyama Adrian Folliott Scott-Stokes.
He received the Pulitzer Prize for Local Investigative Specialized Reporting in 1972 and 1980.
He also contributed articles to The Sphere as its special correspondent.
He won an ACTRA Award for best radio host in 1979.
He was an honorary sergeant in the New York State Troopers.
Parlee holds an International MBA from the Schulich School of Business and a commerce degree from the University of Guelph.
William Roger "Bill" Callahan is a journalist and former politician in Newfoundland.
A former journalist and technologist, he has since garnered acclaim for his work in both fiction and narrative nonfiction.
He became the paper’s parliamentary correspondent in 1958, succeeding Harry Boardman, a post he held until 1975.
In 1987, he moved to The Times, working as the Obituary Editor and as a columnist.
He also wrote books and magazine articles about American transportation.
After an obscure two-year apprenticeship he left London in 1658 due to a hatred for its local Puritans, according to his own account.
He is represented by Derek Johns of the United Agents literary and talent agency.
For many years he was the athletics correspondent of The Sunday Times.
(1986–1987), and later as one of the founding cast members of Black Entertainment Television's Teen Summit.
Stott was a journalist and columnist on the "Women's Page" of The Guardian.
He is a graduate of Bard College and was raised in Gilmanton, New Hampshire.
He married Mariam Shaumian, a Russian-Armenian, in 1987.
The CBC has assigned him to Washington as part of the 2009 changing of the guard in their Ottawa bureau.
Since then, he has moved on to magazines and newspapers, and finally academics.
In 2007 he was named International Radio Personality of the Year by the Association for International Broadcasting.
In 1924, he was elected to the Toronto City Council as an alderman for Ward 2.
Her works with The Society of MSKCC helped raise money for cancer care, research, and treatment.
McIntyre is a charter member and two-term president of the American Copy Editors Society.
She came to Newsworld from CBC's main network.
She started working for CTV News in November 2005.
Hazel Courteney is a British journalist specializing in alternative health and spiritual issues.
Howard Leslie "Krug" Crawford was a reporter and a news, sports, and managing editor for the Brandon Sun from 1919 until his death in 1959.
Rowland also co-wrote the pioneering manual Researching on the Internet with Dave Kinnaman.
They have two children: Tanya, born in 1988, and Charlie, born in 2000.
Prodger was born in Britain but spent most of his childhood in The Middle East.
Ella Sterling Mighels, ex-wife of their son Philip, was the "First Literary Historian of California".
The Lyrical Drama: Essays on Subjects, Composers, & Executants of Modern Opera
Massing received the MacArthur Fellowship in 1992.
In 1977, he moved to broadcast journalism first with CBC Television where he became a producer for The Journal's documentaries.
Philip Short is a British journalist and author.
Sam Egan is a journalist, and a screenwriter and producer for television.
David Garmston is an English journalist who currently works on BBC Points West and has worked in the west for over two decades.
Prior to that he served as the Editor in Chief, a position that he took up in February 2005.
His contribution have appeared in The New York Times.
Alexander Surtees Chancellor, CBE was a British journalist.
She stepped out of her bedroom and saw a heavily armed Cambodian man who pointed a pistol at her.
In 2002 he bought his own restaurant.
She did undergraduate internships at U.S. News & World Report and Asian media outlets.
He received the National Newspaper Association James O. Amos Award for distinguished service and leadership in 2003.
Ernest Henry "Ricky" Marsh was The Daily Telegraph’s foreign editor for 25 years from 1961.
He is also a former sports/general assignment reporter and weekend anchor for CTV Atlantic where he worked for 18 years.
In addition, several different premium rate advice lines are published, giving recorded messages on problems that readers may have.
Friscolanti is a graduate of Lakehead University and the Ryerson University School of Journalism's graduate program.
GrandPrix+ won the 2007 Guild of Motoring Writers Newspress New Media Award.
He resides in Fair Haven, New Jersey.
In 2003, he again became Editor-in-Chief of the New York Daily News, leaving in 2010 after his wife, Debbie Hickman, had become ill with cancer.
He has contributed to a wide range of popular science publications, including Popular Science, American Scientist, New Scientist and Science.
He frequently contributes to Major League Baseball Radio and Daily Beast.
He currently writes a motoring column in The Times, and a thrice weekly sport column in The Times.
Kevin J. McCarra is a Scottish sportswriter and former chief football correspondent for The Guardian newspaper.
Dan Gross is an American public relations and crisis communications professional who previously wrote a gossip column for the Philadelphia Daily News.
He was a sports columnist with The Oregonian newspaper for several years.
In Man Seeks God he explores his spiritual restlessness and asks some fundamental questions: "Where do we come from?
Bertram started his journalism career in 1866 with the Summerside Journal and Western Pioneer in Summerside, Prince Edward Island where he stayed for five years.
Tom Harrington is a Canadian radio and television journalist for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation.
This was followed by work at the Shetland Times and then a return to the Courier as chief reporter.
In the year before her departure, she could also be found co-presenting the main programme at 18:30.
Hargreaves Parkinson was editor of the Financial Times from 1945 until 1950.
Bronwen Maddox is the Director of the Institute for Government, previously the Foreign Editor of The Times newspaper in London.
His son, Tom, is a columnist for the Daily Mail.
For the final five years of his life, he was married to journalist Cathryn Espinosa.
Deacon lives with his wife and young family in Gravesend.
Born in Derry, Northern Ireland, Arnold was educated at Gresham's School in Norfolk from 1975 to 1980.
He has been a writer and editor for magazines such as Smash Hits, Time Out and Heat.
Boccardi and the AP were awarded the 2001 John Peter and Anna Catherine Zenger award for Freedom of the Press and the Public's Right to Know.
Axelrod resides in Montclair, New Jersey, with his wife and their three children.
They performed in nightclubs around New York City and appeared in the Merchant-Ivory film Slaves of New York.
In 2012, he contributed weekly pop culture columns to CBC Radio Syndication, which were heard in nearly twenty markets across Canada.
Articles Lipton and Glanz wrote were also a part of the Nation Challenged package that won a Pulitzer for Public Service in 2002.
He formerly worked at ITV Border and later STV Central.
Robin White, MBE, was for many years editor of the BBC's programmes Focus on Africa and Network Africa which are broadcast on the BBC African Service.
Shapiro serves on the board of directors of the Global Investigative Journalism Network, and on the advisory board of the Rory Peck Trust.
Jeremy Hobson is an American national radio journalist.
In 1935, she married Sidney Joseph Proops, with whom she had a son, Robert.
He has launched a large number of magazines for Future Publishing, many of which are still published.
Sierra Leone has a total area of 71,740 km2, divided into a land area of 71,620 km2 and water of 120 km2.
She was a regular contributor on Radio 4's Today programme, often reporting live from rural areas countryside and rural issues.
Gordon John Ross was a sports journalist and author, and a vice-president of Lancashire CCC.
Chown studied under Richard Feynman at the California Institute of Technology.
She is a columnist for The Times and was its Moscow Bureau Chief during the 1998–99 financial crisis.
During the Second World War he was part of Britain's military intelligence in the Far East.
His family now resides in Missouri and still owns the Washington Missourian newspaper.
She also made five series of television documentaries, the Goldring Audit, for Channel 4 screened from 1993 to 1998.
The new constitution included the word "white", formally disenfranchising blacks for the first time.
Sprigle's work predated the more famous John Howard Griffin's similar investigation, reported in Griffin's book Black Like Me, by over a decade.
Van Hackett was a weekend news anchor for KTRK-TV in Houston, Texas from 1980 to 1987.
She also wrote occasionally for the Scottish edition of The Sunday Times.
A collection of his journalism in Barn was published in 2009.
Sam White was a foreign correspondent who worked for the London Evening Standard in Paris.
In mid 2016 his archive of football ground images is to be made available via the When Saturday Comes photography gallery.
She was promoted to that position in 2009; prior to that, she worked as a political reporter at the same publication.
His brother was Lieutenant-Commander Cornelius Burke, a prominent Royal Canadian Navy officer during World War II.
They have two children, Sarah "Sally" Guy and Alexander Guy.
Renown for his human interest stories he moved to a part-time reporting schedule then In October 2006 aged 63 he retired from WCBS.
She attended Cornwall Technical College, where she gained her A-levels.
He moved to London in 1932 and joined the Morning Post, transferring to The Observer in 1937.
Russell is now the president of his own consulting company, Jim Russell Productions—The Program Doctor.
She previously served as the newspaper's editorial page editor, Washington bureau chief and national affairs columnist.
Laura Thompson is a Canadian musician and an arts & entertainment reporter and producer for CBC News.
She started at Citytv in the CityPulse library.
Martin Kettle has often defended New Labour and Tony Blair – though not over the Iraq war.
After the municipal election, he became an editorial columnist for the Ottawa Sun newspaper.
Vern Seward is an American technology writer whose articles tend to focus on products and issues related to Apple Inc.
Petersen is a graduate of Seneca College.
He co-hosts the Wednesday and Thursday editions of The Jason Gregor Show on TSN 1260 in Edmonton.
Lewis joined the Guardian as a trainee in 2005, and was Stern Fellow at the Washington Post in 2007.
Donald Trelford is a British journalist and academic, who was editor of The Observer newspaper from 1975 to 1993.
Wasserman brought many major celebrities to the show through his connections with local promoters and nightclub owners.
He was the copy chief of the national news desk, assistant national editor, deputy editor of Arts & Leisure and deputy culture editor.
In 2013, she left the Wall Street Journal to launch Currency, the business section of newyorker.com.
After he raised $15,000 from his readers, he became the Web's "first fully reader-funded journalist-blogger."
Matilda Landsman was a New York Times employee in the 1950s.
In 1988, he became the Deputy Editor of the News of the World, and the following year, Deputy Editor of The Sun.
From 2005-2007, Kaplan reported for the magazine from Iraq.
From 2008 to 2010 Mehr was co-editor of the London Progressive Journal, an online current affairs magazine.
In 1985, the family moved to Beijing China where Tom Kennedy was an correspondent for CBC News.
Griffin and Angus first met in 1981, when Angus was a member of the band L'Étranger.
It was translated into six languages and transformed into a NOVA television documentary.
He is also a regular contributor to Watchdog.org, Chronicles and The Lone Star Report.
Gary Stix is a journalist and author.
After graduating from Oxford University, she studied at Cardiff University for a post-graduate diploma in broadcast journalism.
He also taught at Middlesex University and the London College of Printing.
Oswald John Frederick Crawfurd CMG was an English journalist, man of letters, and diplomat who served over 24 years as British consul in Oporto, Portugal.
He later went on to study Philosophy and International Relations at the University of Sussex in Brighton.
On weekends he serves on a panel of sports experts called That Other Pre Game Show including Tony Gonzalez, London Fletcher, Adan Shein and Amy Trask.
Her next guest, on October 18, 2016, is designer and social media star Olivier Rousteing of Balmain.
In 1995, he became foreign correspondent in Washington, D.C. then moved to South Africa before returning to Canada in 1999.
Long is also a published author, with another book, NASCAR Racing, set to release September 1.
She has written articles exploring her recovery from alcoholism, and her undercover investigations into the television series Big Brother.
From 1987 to 1992, he worked for Q Radio and was a volunteer host & announcer for Avalon Cablevision/Cable Atlantic Cable 9.
In 2016, she was honoured with an African Canadian Achievement Award for her journalistic accomplishments.
James Travers was a Canadian journalist, best known as an editor and political correspondent for the Toronto Star.
Gross Misconduct: The Life of Spinner Spencer
His classic interview in this vein was with Ugandan dictator Idi Amin Dada, whom he asked how many people he had murdered.
Derek Ingram is a British journalist and author, and is widely regarded as the best writer on issues related to the Commonwealth of Nations.
Since leaving broadcasting Rouse is a certified fitness and nutrition expert, married Daniel Hillerbrand and has 3 children.
Born in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, Roberts was educated at Warwick University between 1967 and 1969, being taught by historian E. P. Thompson.
He was the 2009-10 Carl and Lily Pforzheimer Foundation Fellow at the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study at Harvard University.
James Landale is a BBC journalist who is the current Diplomatic Editor at BBC News.
Sethi has written for The Guardian, The Observer, The Sunday Times, The Independent, the New Statesman, Granta, and The Times Literary Supplement.
Hopcraft won the BAFTA writer's award in 1985.
She was born in Zurich to aristocratic White Russian parents and grew up and studied in France and the US.
Hughes has also reviewed and written for The Guardian, The Economist and The Times Literary Supplement.
He was previously the Director of the Democratic Audit, formerly a research unit of the University of Essex.
During his career he wrote regular columns for The Guardian, The Sunday Times as well as the The Independent.
Modlyn was the son of a Jewish tailor and left school at 14.
Since 2005 he has been the a.m. drive-time host of the CKNW Morning News with Philip Till from 5:30 a.m. - 8:30 a.m.
His book Tiny Stations was the inspiratoin for the 2016 travel documentary series Paul Merton's Secret Stations.
