This area was once known as the Tosa area and the name of the dialect still reflects this older name.
There are two dozen dialects of Marwari.
Punu is a Bantu language spoken in Gabon and the Republic of Congo.
Pahlavani is an extinct Persian dialect of Afghanistan.
It is believed that the sign language emerged in the late 19th or early 20th century.
It appears to be related to languages spoken in Bird's Head Peninsula in Papua.
The independent pronouns and subject suffixes to the verb are as follows:
Despite the small number of speakers, language use is vigorous.
It has approximately 50,000 speakers, making it the second most widely spoken Sambalic language.
Ethnologue sees it as a Hindustani language.
Chatterji classifies Western Goalpariya with the North Bengali dialects, and classes all Goalpariya dialects, including Eastern Goalpariya, in Kamatapuri lects.
Guernsey songs were inspired by the sea, by colourful figures of speech, by traditional folk-lore, as well as by the natural environment of the island.
It is a part of the Visayan language family and is closely related to Hiligaynon.
Mwele is a minor Bantu language of Gabon.
There is continuing debate as to when Mobilian Jargon first began to be spoken.
German is a West Germanic language that is mainly spoken in Central Europe.
The Wuvulu Island is located in the Papua New Guinea Province and reaches about 10 feet above sea level.
A widespread misconception is the assumption that it is a variety of Dutch.
The name Mashco has sometimes been incorrectly applied to the Yine.
But said language is spoken by peoples of Dumura Recho kingdom which is situated outside Karbi Anglong district.
Aluku is a Bushinengue ethnic group living mainly on the riverbank in Maripasoula in southwest French Guiana.
Almost all people who can speak and understand Garhwali can also speak and understand Hindi, one of the most commonly spoken languages of India.
It is classified in the Leko–Nimbari branch of Savanna languages, as Adamawa is no longer considered a valid family.
Certain Kajkavian dialects use the interrogative pronoun ča, the one that is usually used in Chakavian.
Ngbee is an extinct Bantu language of uncertain affiliation.
The Lavi language was discovered by Thai linguist Therapan L-Thongkum in the late 1990s.
It is also the predominant language in the municipality of Chicamán, which borders Alta Verapaz.
Chokwe is a Bantu language spoken by the Chokwe people of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Angola and Zambia.
Many criminals in urban areas were former mine workers, construction workers and farmers.
The most divergent is Lombi; Ethnologue treats it as a distinct language.
Saliba was used by Jesuit missionaries in the 17th century to communicate with indigenous peoples of the Meta, Orinoco, and Vichada valleys.
This request was eagerly accepted by the Barngarla people and language reclamation workshops began in Port Lincoln, Whyalla and Port Augusta in 2012".
Diri is an Afro-Asiatic language spoken in Bauchi State, Nigeria.
There is no single name for the language as a whole; dialects are Nyakyusa, Ngonde, Kukwe, Mwamba, and Selya of Tanzania.
Migabac is a Papuan language spoken in Morobe Province, Papua New Guinea.
Repanbitip is one of the Malekula Interior languages of Vanuatu.
'Anglo-Romani' is a term used to describe usage of words of Romani origin within English conversation.
Brem, also known as Bunabun, is a Papuan language of Madang Province, Papua New Guinea.
He intended that it would become a common European language, "intended as a practical tool for business and tourism."
Wichí Lhamtés Nocten, or Weenhayek, is a Wichí language primarily spoken in Bolivia, where an estimated 1,810 Wichí people spoke it in 1994.
Examples include မ္လေ for "ground" and က္လောင်း for "school".
Frishberg suggests that AdaSL may be related to the "gestural trade jargon used in the markets throughout West Africa".
As such, AdaSL is an endangered sign language.
The Polish-Jewish ophthalmologist L. L. Zamenhof published the first book detailing Esperanto, Unua Libro, on 26 July 1887.
classifies Alingpo as an Eastern Yi language similar to Nasu and Gepo.
The extent of Old Korean is unclear.
Words may be either monosyllabic or sesquisyllabic.
Enga Sign Language is a briefly described village sign language of the Enga people in Papua New Guinea.
The Xavante language is unusual in its phonology, its ergative object–agent–verb word order, and its use of honorary and endearment terms in its morphology.
AAE is not to be confused with Kriol, which is a separate language from English spoken by over 30,000 people in Australia.
It is the native language of the Ticuna people.
Vlax Romani is the most widely spoken dialect subgroup of the Romani language worldwide.
The Hela Havula are a modern Sri Lankan literary organization that advocate the use of Eḷu terms over Sanskritisms.
The Kora language, Aka-Kora, is an extinct Great Andamanese language, of the Northern group.
The dictionaries and tables describe pronunciations in relative terms, but do not give their actual sounds.
Gamo-Gofa-Dawro is an Afro-Asiatic language spoken in the Dawro, Gamo Gofa and Wolayita Zones of the Southern Nations, Nationalities, and Peoples' Region in Ethiopia.
Wamey, or Konyagi, is a Senegambian language of Senegal and Guinea.
The speakers are concentrated in the Indian state of Chhattisgarh and in adjacent areas of Madhya Pradesh, Odisha, and Jharkhand.
It is universally spoken by its ethnic group.
Gooniyandi is an Australian Aboriginal language now spoken by about 100 people, most of whom live in or near Fitzroy Crossing in Western Australia.
Datian Min or Datian dialect is a variety of Min Chinese which is spoken in Datian County, Sanming Prefecture, Fujian Province, China.
Since the anglicisation of the island, it survives as a written language for some laws, contracts, and other documents.
Mopan began to diverge from the other Yucatecan languages at least one thousand years ago.
Extensive work on Seri began in 1951 by Edward and Mary Beck Moser with the Summer Institute of Linguistics.
After the Athenians conquered the island in the latter half of the 6th century BC, Lemnian was replaced by Attic Greek.
It is spoken by 7,000 people, many of them monolingual.
Lezgian , also called Lezgi or Lezgin, is a language that belongs to the Lezgic languages.
Zhongu Tibetan is a Tibetic language of Sichuan, China, once considered a dialect of Khams.
Mintil is a possibly extinct aboriginal Mon–Khmer language of Malaya.
Other popular names for the language are Hula'ula, Galigalu, 'mine-yours', Sureth and Kurdit.
Also called 'State of Mexico Otomi', there are other varieties spoken in the state, such as Temoaya Otomi.
Ubykh or Ubyx is an extinct Northwest Caucasian language once spoken by the Ubykh people.
Giyug is an extinct and unattested Australian Aboriginal language.
Earlier Biblical Hebrew possessed three consonants which did not have their own letters in the writing system, but over time they merged with other consonants.
The language has 70% lexical similarity with the Kaiwá language, spoken in Brazil.
There are three main areas where Rutooro as a language is mainly used and they are Kabarole District, Kyenjojo District and Kyegegwa District.
All that survives is a word list from 1869.
Like most Turkic languages and their ancestral Proto-Turkic, Yakut is an agglutinative language and employs vowel harmony.
These vernaculars are distinguished by the difference in consonants.
Bora is an indigenous language of South America spoken in the western region of Amazon rainforest.
It was used extensively in Northern Norway for about 150 years in the Pomor trade.
Pontos, affluent of the Strumica River, perhaps from *ponktos, "boggy";
In 2012 only nine Potawatomi people, all elderly, were known to be native speakers of the language.
Masela is the language of Marsela Island in South Maluku, Indonesia.
Terêna or Etelena is spoken by 15,000 Brazilians.
Alternative names for Dhundari are Dhundhali, Dhundhahdi, Jhadshahi boli, and Kai-kui boli and Jaipuri.
Kirundi is frequently cited as a language where Meeussen's rule, a rule describing a certain pattern of tonal change in Bantu languages, is active.
Ethnologue 16 reports Highland Inga is partially intelligible with Imbabura Kichwa.
ǀXam, or ǀXam Kaǃkʼe, is an extinct Khoisan language of South Africa, part of the ǃUi branch of the Tuu languages.
As of 2006, 250 of the 350 ethnic Thaayorre speak the language.
Christine Ahmed classifies the small "Bangubangu of Mutingua" apart from the rest, with the Luba rather than Hemba languages; this is presumably a Hombo dialect.
According to Ethnologue, there are around 8,000 speakers of Aweer or Boni.
Presentations in the language have been featured at the Florida Folk Festival.
Ottawa has relatively flexible word order compared with languages such as English.
In the south it bordered on the Sorbian language area in Lusatia.
Kabyle  or Kabylian  is a Berber language spoken by the Kabyle people in the north and northeast of Algeria.
Bunuba is an Australian Aboriginal language spoken by some 160 older adults, most of whom live in or near Fitzroy Crossing in Western Australia.
Old Tamil preserved many features of Proto-Dravidian, including the inventory of consonants, the syllable structure, and various grammatical features.
Named dialects are Hakoa, Kolepa, Yamofowe, Komongu, Komoigaleka, Kemanimowe, Ona, Keto, Laiya, Fowe, Olumba, Lambau, Alango, Yandime, Wando.
It was spoken in the North West Province, Menchum Department, Furu-Awa Subdivision, Ntjieka, Furu-Turuwa and the Furu-Sambari villages.
The native languages of speakers who used Broken Slavey were Dene Suline, French, Gwich’in, Inuktitut, Slavey.
Adzera is an Austronesian language spoken by about 30,000 people in Morobe Province, Papua New Guinea.
Kankanaey has a slight mutual intelligibility with the Ilocano language.
Zuni  is a language of the Zuni people, indigenous to western New Mexico and eastern Arizona in the United States.
Kolbila is an Adamawa language of Cameroon and Nigeria.
However, Loughnane and Loughnane and Fedden demonstrated that it is related to the Ok languages, though they share innovative features not found in Oksapmin.
Non-signing hearing people in the village use various gestures for negation when speaking, and these are retained in Chatino Sign Language.
Four people remembered the language in 2001, and two in 2008, but none were fluent speakers.
It is not clear how close or distinct it is from other Grassfields varieties.
The Bouyei language is a language spoken by the Bouyei ethnic group of southern Guizhou Province in mainland China.
Northern Pa’o is the only Karen language that has final stop consonants.
High Prussian is the group of East Central German dialects in former East Prussia, in present-day Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, Poland.
It is also the name of one of these Azumeina people groups.
The Vasavi live mainly in two districts straddling the Gujarat Maharashtra border: Bharuch district in Gujarat and Dhule district of Maharashtra.
Narom language is a Malayo-Polynesian language of the Lower Baram branch.
Bolon is a Manding language of Burkina Faso.
Forlivese is a central Romagna variety and is intelligible to speakers of other neighbouring Romagna varieties.
The mostly Christian, slightly patriarchal society of Semau do their best to send their children away to Bali to earn money to send home.
It seems to have lasted until the 10th century.
isiNdebele is related to the Zulu language spoken in South Africa.
The Flinders Island language, Yalgawarra, is an extinct Australian aboriginal language off the coast of Queensland, Australia.
It is spoken by about sixty thousand speakers mainly in Rajasthan, Haryana, Punjab, and Delhi states of India.
It was spoken by Kalapuya groups in the northern Willamette Valley southwest of present-day Portland.
Loniu is an Austronesian language spoken on Los Negros Island, immediately east of Manus Island in Manus Province, Papua New Guinea.
Samo is a dialect cluster of Mande languages spoken in Burkina Faso.
An orthography for it using the Latin script has been introduced and is taught in primary schools.
Sindarin is a fictional language devised by J. R. R. Tolkien for use in his fantasy stories set in Arda.
Although formerly treated as a Punjabi dialect, Dogri is now considered to be a member of the Western Pahari group of languages.
In the 19th century, there were an estimated 30,000–60,000 Mura.
"Ammar Bol " composed by Mahadeo Prasad Chaturvedi "Madhya" is the first epic in Nimari.
Mosiro is an extinct Nilo-Saharan language spoken in the Arusha Region of Tanzania.
Many are bilingual in either Bengali or Assamese.
External influences include Persian, Arabic and Russian.
Many Terena people have low Portuguese proficiency.
Estimates for number of speakers range from 11,000 to 25,000.
It was spoken until the late 17th century, in the form of Coptic.
Galatian was likely contemporary with and closely related to the Gaulish language.
It is spoken today by some 500 of the island's 1,650 inhabitants and is also taught in schools.
Waraikú is an extinct, poorly attested, and unclassified Arawakan language.
Lakkja people are also known as the Chashan Yao, or Tea Mountain Yao, since they were traditionally considered by neighboring peoples to be a Miao–Yao people.
The Banat Bulgarian is the outermost dialect of the Bulgarian language with standardized writing and an old literary tradition.
The Dilan Hassan language is an endangered language of Sierra Leone.
For example, fefeg, madyan, kazzing, and bavi.
Goodwin claims that Western Apache can be divided into five dialect groupings:
Speakers of Kimwani also use Portuguese,, Swahili and Makhuwa language.
The influence of Russian in general is overwhelming.
Ndunga is a Ubangian language spoken in DRC Congo.
Gayle originally manifested as moffietaal in the drag culture of the Cape Coloured community in the 1950s.
Natsilingmiut came from natsik “seal” + postbase -lik “place with something” + postbase -miut “inhabitants of”.
Finger-spelling and initialized signs using both alphabets are common among people who learned USL formally as children.
Santiam dialect, spoken in the central Willamette Valley along the lower Santiam River
Closely related to Horpa Shangzhai or Stodsde skad.
Laka, also known as Kabba Laka, is one of the Sara languages of Chad.
Wandamen is the commonly used name for an Austronesian language of Indonesian New Guinea, spoken across the neck of the Doberai Peninsula or Bird's Head.
Vera’a is a language of Vanua Lava Island in Vanuatu.
Western scholars group Akha, Hani and Honi into the Hani languages, treating all three as separate mutually unintelligible, but closely related, languages.
Vulgar Latin is sometimes also called colloquial Latin, or Common Romance.
The Saho language is an Afro-Asiatic language spoken in Eritrea, Sudan and Ethiopia.
As this causes some confusion with similarly named dialects, scholarly sources tend simply to use a more descriptive name, like Persian Azerbaijani Jewish Neo-Aramaic.
In spite of the huge area in which Tundra Nenets is spoken, Tundra Nenets is very uniform with few dialectal differences.
North Moluccan Malay is a language spoken in Ternate, Tidore and Halmahera islands, North Maluku for intergroup communications, and in the Sula Islands.
Kobon is a language of Papua New Guinea.
It is no longer spoken on a daily basis, as the speakers live in different villages.
Fang  is the dominant Bantu language of Gabon and Equatorial Guinea.
Korak is a Papuan language of Papua New Guinea.
The Norwegian linguist Georg Morgenstierne wrote that Chitral is the area of the greatest linguistic diversity in the world.
Dialects include Middle and Upper Egyptian Arabic.
Chazée gives a lower estimate of 480.
It was invented by Reginald J. G. Dutton in 1922.
No systematic language development has been carried out in this language.
It was reported to be spoken by a fifth of the island in 1962.
Yukulta, also known as Ganggalida, is an extinct Tangkic language spoken in Queensland and Northern Territory, Australia.
Hong Kong Cantonese is a dialect of the Cantonese language commonly spoken in Hong Kong, as well as Macau.
Based on this yearly system, the number of people aged 15 and above reporting Romansh as their main language was 36,622 in 2012.
It is named after Huishui County, Guizhou, though not all varieties are spoken there.
Dangaura, Rana, and Buksa refer to a triumvirate of mutually-intelligible Tharu variants spoken west of the Gandaki River, spoken by approximately 1.3 million people.
The Wasteko language is a Mayan language of Mexico, spoken by the Huastecos living in rural areas of San Luis Potosí and northern Veracruz.
The Ersu Shaba script of the shābā religious books is a pictographic system of proto-writing.
The Manaos gave their name to the present-day city of Manaus, the capital city of the state of Amazonas in Brazil.
Lapaguía Zapotec, or Lapaguía-Guivini Zapotec, is a Zapotec language spoken in southern Oaxaca, Mexico.
Inuktun also allows more consonant combinations than Kalaallisut and has some minor grammatical and lexical differences.
Old Curonian disappeared in the course of the 16th century, leaving substrata in western dialects of the Latvian and Lithuanian, namely the Samogitian dialect.
Jamin Pelkey considers Laghuu to be a Southeastern Loloish language.
By 1999, Cocamilla was moribund, being only spoken by people over 40.
Pende is a Bantu language of the Congo.
Vulgar Latin was the colloquial form spoken during the same time and attested in inscriptions and the works of comic playwrights like Plautus and Terence.
Most verbs are conjugated differently in singular and plural, while most adjectives are not.
Retired General Yakubu Gowon is a prominent Nigerian who is of Ngas extraction.
Sharwa is an Afro-Asiatic language spoken in Cameroon in Far North Province.
It had 3,000 native speakers in 1995.
It is one of several languages which go by the name Koro.
Jamaican Country Sign Language, also Country Sign, or Konchri Sain in Jamaican Patois, is an indigenous village sign language of Jamaica.
This work has expanded to over four thousand forms in the Yan-nhaŋu Atlas and Illustrated Dictionary of the Crocodile Islands.
Kwomtari is the eponymous language of the Kwomtari family of Papua New Guinea.
It is written using the Latin script.
However, many essential differences in grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation render it difficult for speakers of standard German to understand.
Daga is a language of Papua New Guinea.
The Pirahã live along the Maici River, a tributary of the Amazon.
Actually, it's a collection of dialects which have limited mutual intelligibility with each other instead of a language.
Hindustani is the third most-spoken language in the world, after Mandarin and English.
Tai Laing, pronounced Tai Lai or regionally Tai Nai, is a Tai language of Burma, related to Khamti.
Palaic also shows the same gender distinction as seen in Hittite, i.e.
Kavalan is no longer spoken in its original area.
The West Polesian microlanguage, or dialect is spoken in Southwestern Belarus, in Northwestern Ukraine and in the bordering regions of Poland.
Like other Bantu languages, Lumasaba has a large set of prefixes used as noun classifiers.
There are two major dialects of Paite in Manipur, namely Lousau, Lamjang and Dapjal.
Recent investigations however suggest that Sandawe may be related to the Khoe family regardless of the validity of Khoisan as a whole.
The Urum language is often considered a variant of Crimean Tatar.
All other preliminary accounts classify it as Plateau, and Blench leaves it as a separate branch of Plateau.
Boselewa is a small Austronesian language spoken in the D'Entrecasteaux Islands of Papua New Guinea.
The Tsetsaut referred to themselves as the Wetaŀ.
"Jehovah God planted a garden in Eden, toward the east, and there he put the man whom he had formed."
Njem is a Bantu language of Congo and Cameroon.
Aruán is an extinct Arawakan language of Brazil.
They are different enough that Isma's consultants in Hong Kong resorted to Hong Kong Sign Language to communicate with each other.
The Kikai language is spoken on Kikai Island, Kagoshima Prefecture of southwestern Japan.
A closely related variety called Emghedeshie was spoken at Agadez, but is now extinct.
The Bonan language is the Mongolic language of the Bonan people of China.
For example, final /k/ is pronounced in the Jikany dialect, but is dropped in other dialects despite being indicated in Nuer orthography.
Main-Franconian is group of Upper German dialects being part of the East Franconian group.
The 'x' is pronounced 'ch' as in German "Bach".
According to the Ethnologue, there were a little less than two thousand speakers of Colorado River Numic Language in 1990, or ca.
The total number of speakers is in the region of 110,000.
Sun documents Muya 木雅 of Liuba Township 六坝乡, Shade District 沙德区, Kangding County 康定县, Sichuan.
Tae' is a dialect cluster consisting of 12 ethnic dialects used by the people who were in the area of Tana Toraja.
The Pantyikali dialect, also called Baarundji or Weyneubulcoo, is a dialect of the Paakantyi language.
Some speakers of Dolakha Newar can be found in Kathmandu for education or work.
Mundat is an Afro-Asiatic language spoken in Plateau State, Nigeria in the Mundat village of Bokkos LGA.
It is related to Navajo and Western Apache.
In Vietnam, the speakers' autonym is kʰu˧ tsʰɔ˧, and are also known as the La Hủ Na 'Black Lahu'.
Khaling is a Kiranti language spoken in Solukhumbu district, Nepal and in India.
It is classified as a threatened language, due to older generations having “neglected to pass on the dialect as a native tongue to the next generation”.
According to the Endangered Languages Project, the language is currently threatened.
Romani is any of several languages of the Romani people belonging to the Indo-Aryan branch of the Indo-European language family.
The dialect of Peixian, which is a region under the auspices of the city of Xuzhou was the destination of the majority of migrants from Shanxi.
Zande is the largest of the Zande languages.
Indeed, many linguists regard Nisga’a and Gitksan as dialects of a single Nass–Gitksan language.
There may be some speakers in Cambodia.
At present it is thought to be extinct.
Trinidadian English Creole is also influenced by French and French Creole.
It is thought to be most closely related to Pawnee.
Ritharrŋu is an Australian Aboriginal Yolŋu language, spoken in Australia's Northern Territory.
Maldivian, also known as Dhivehi or Divehi, is an Indo-Aryan language predominantly spoken by about 350,000 people in the Maldives, where it is the national language.
It is different also from Kedah Malay and Terengganuan Malay, but both dialects have close similarities with the Kelantanese-Pattani Malay dialect.
Kainuu Sami is an extinct Sami language that was spoken in Kainuu.
Rasawa is a Papuan language of Indonesia.
Chepenafa dialect, spoken in the central Willamette Valley along Marys River
Sausi also goes by the name Uya, which is an alternative name of Usu as well.
Narim or Larim is a Surmic language of the Boya Hills of South Sudan.
Axininca is an Arawakan language spoken along the Apurucayali tributary of the Pachitea River in Peru.
There is an eastern and western dialect, which are separated by the Kankai River in Jhapa district, Mechi Zone, Nepal.
Hunzib is a Northeast Caucasian language spoken by about 1840 people in southern Dagestan, near the Russian border with Georgia.
The language was spoken in the film Out of the Dark.
It is also known as Mahasui or Mahasuvi.
Falkner: A description of Patagonia and the adjoining parts of South America, 1774
Pholo is a Loloish language of China.
Danau is a Mon–Khmer language of Myanmar.
Bhaca is a Bantu language of South Africa.
Coeruna is an extinct Witotoan language of Brazil.
In 1984, Bolyu was first studied by Liang Min of the Nationalities Research Institute in Beijing.
It is often considered a dialect of Kannada; however, Ethnologue classifies it as a separate language.
Classic Labourdin was a literary language of the 17th century, used by authors such as Axular.
Both the Armazic language and script were related to the Aramaic of northern Mesopotamia.
Stoboi, name of a city, from *stob(h);
The language is closely related to the Nukuoro language.
Mwaghavul is an Afro-Asiatic language spoken in Plateau State, Nigeria.
Oroqen is a Northern Tungusic language spoken in the People's Republic of China.
The dialect of Jadu is described in some detail in Beguinot.
The Shikoku dialect has many similarities to Chūgoku dialect in grammar.
The two dialects, Gilbagala and Pasaali, are part of a dialect continuum that continues on into Sisaala.
It is spoken in 9 villages north of Askot Maila in Pithoragarh district, Uttarakhand.
For the early European writers, they shared similarities with the nearby Ciguayos.
It was the primary language of the hunter-gatherer Mosiro, Mediak and Kisankasa.
The Sekani language is a Northern Athabaskan language spoken by the Sekani people of north-central British Columbia, Canada.
It evolved from Old Greenlandic, and gave rise to Modern Greenlandic.
Central Bikol speakers can be found in all provinces of Bicol and it is a majority language in Camarines Sur.
She believes that early meaning of the name also included Finnic tribes living in northern Curonia and Saaremaa.
Samberigi, or Sau, is a Trans–New Guinea language of the Southern Highlands province of Papua New Guinea.
Xuanzhou Wu is a western branch of Wu Chinese spoken in and around Xuancheng, Anhui province.
Two scholars Li Shen and Su Xiaoqing have the different data of tone contour.
As of 1971, the population of speakers generally lived along the rivers of Columbia, namely, Colorado, Yapu, Inambu, Macucu, and Tiquie.
Manambu is one of the Ndu languages of Sepik River region of northern Papua New Guinea.
The second copy was published in 1849, and the first in 1955.
At the time of the European arrival at Haida Gwaii in 1774, it is estimated that Haida speakers numbered about 15,000.
The endonym, Kaw To Yo, may be the source of the river and language name Cautario.
It is the most populous of the Baga languages, in the Mel branch of the Niger–Congo language family.
Yurí is, or was, a language previously spoken near a stretch of the Caquetá River in the Brazilian Amazon, extending slightly into Colombia.
Neo is an artificially constructed international auxiliary language created by Arturo Alfandari, a Belgian diplomat of Italian descent.
The name is said to derive from the Tsez word for "eagle", which is most likely a folk etymology.
It is lexically divergent from the rest of the Grass family, having remarkably few cognates.
Gana’ is an Austronesian language of Sabah, Malaysia.
Like all Algonquian languages, it has complex agglutinative morphology.
Literacy in Jalapa is taught alongside Spanish in local schools.
It has lost the nominal affix system characteristic of the Niger–Congo family.
The schooling and cultural revolution have contributed to Bagvalal's serious decline.
The Pirahã language is most notable as the subject of various controversial claims; for example, that it provides evidence for linguistic relativity.
Australian Aboriginal English is spoken amongst Indigenous people generally but is especially evident in what are called "discrete communities" i.e.
Kachari is closely related to surrounding languages, including Rābhā, Hojai, Kochi and Mechi.
It has generally been classified as one of the Tiwa languages, though Leap contested that Piro is a Tanoan language at all.
North Central Romani is one of a dozen of major dialect groups within Romani, an Indo-Aryan language of Europe.
Palaic is a fairly typical specimen of Indo-European.
Plateau Sign Language, or Old Plateau Sign Language, is a poorly attested, extinct sign language historically used across the Columbian Plateau.
Buryats in Russia have a separate literary standard, written in a Cyrillic alphabet.
Old Catío is an extinct Chibchan language of Colombia.
Generally considered a dialect of Punu, it may preserve a core of non-Bantu vocabulary, and so to be conservative should be considered unclassified.
Similarly, the Portuguese distinguished between "indios mansos" and "indios bravos".
The last native speaker was Ellen Williams, born 1923.
Biete or Biate is one of the oldest languages in India.
It is disputed whether Zyrian is a separate language or a dialect of Komi, because of its affinity to the Komi-Permyak language.
Phonological and grammatical details reflect a Shawu substrate.
Koba is a language spoken on the Aru Islands of eastern Indonesia.
It is close to two other languages called Bareli, Rathwi and Palya, as well as to Kalto, but is not mutually intelligible with them.
It belongs to the Panoan language family.
The language name comes from the word often heard by non-speakers, "waray"; similarly, Cebuanos are known in Leyte as "mga Kana" and their language as "Kana".
A variety of this language is called Matta and is spoken locally both north and south of Maboma.
West Kele is spoken by the Kele people, scattered in Middle Ogooué Province, Mimongo area.
Doko, or Uyanga, is a minor Upper Cross River language of Nigeria.
The last native speaker of Catawba died before 1960.
Due to great grammatical similarities between the Minangkabau language and Malay, there is some controversy regarding the relationship between the two.
Cuyonon is a regional Visayan language spoken on the coast of Palawan, and the Cuyo Islands in the Philippines.
It is reported to have 80% intelligibility with Lapaguía Zapotec, but with only 45% intelligibility in the other direction.
Its only that it has different varieties that distinguishes the municipality.
The small script, which was a syllabary, was used until the Jurchen-speaking Jin dynasty replaced it in 1191.
It is the ancient language of the Vedas of Hinduism, texts compiled over the period of the mid-2nd to mid-1st millennium BCE.
Cañar Highland Quecha has 100,000–200,000 speakers; the other dialects have from 10,000 to 20,000 speakers each.
It is believed that Q'anjob'al–Jakaltek split into Akatek, Q'anjob'al and Jakaltek some 500 to 1,500 years ago.
It is spoken by the Nuer people of South Sudan and in western Ethiopia.
Heath's Warndarang grammar contains a 100-page grammatical description, a handful of texts, and a brief wordlist.
Today, owing to France's past overseas expansion, there are numerous French-based creole languages, most notably Haitian Creole.
The Ohlone languages, also known as Costanoan, are a small family of languages of the San Francisco Bay Area spoken by the Ohlone people.
The Warikyana dialect became extinct around 2000, and the language frequently goes by the name of the surviving dialect, Sikiana.
Turkana, another Eastern Nilotic language, is found to the northeast.
Ndemli or Bandem is a language of Cameroon spoken primarily in the Nkam Division of the Littoral Province; between Yabassi, Yingui, and Nkondjok.
It is considered an endangered language due to its dwindling population of speakers.
As for other Kanak languages, Drehu is now regulated by the "Académie des langues kanak", officially founded in 2007.
Naŋa dama, also known as Naŋa tegu, is a Dogon language spoken in Mali that is only known from one report from 1953.
The standard word order is, as in most Germanic languages, V2, which means that the finite verb appears in second position of a declarative main clause.
Sapará is an extinct and poorly attested Cariban language.
The language is also broken up into four dialects: East Mekeo; North West Mekeo; West Mekeo and North Mekeo.
Armenian is written using the Armenian alphabet, introduced in 405 AD by Mesrop Mashtots.
The Molise Croats consider themselves to be Italians of South Slavic heritage who speak a Slavic language, rather than simply ethnic Slavs or Croats.
The Liburnian language is an extinct language which was spoken by the ancient Liburnians, who occupied Liburnia in classical times.
In modern literature, it refers to two varieties, Loup A and Loup B.
Due to the close proximity of Huehuetenango to the Mexican border the speakers of the language have appropriated aspects of Mexican Spanish into the language.
Nyiyaparli is a nearly extinct Pama–Nyungan language spoken by the Palyku and Jauna people of Western Australia.
Tangkhul is a Sino-Tibetan language of the Tangkhul branch.
The art and culture of Gayo people and also significantly different compared with other Acehnese people.
Su' autonyms are identical with that of the Jru', but they consider themselves to be a separate ethnic group.
Pidgin languages characteristically arise from interactions between speakers of two or more languages who are not bilingual in the other group's language.
It was spoken in a number of dialects, possibly including Okwanuchu.
After the Roman conquest of those regions, writing shifted to the use of the Latin alphabet.
A literacy manual with accompanying audiotapes was published in 1993.
Blench classified them as distinct Ndunic languages.
It is incomprehensible to both Japanese and Atayal native speakers.
Instead, AdaSL uses several types of serial verb constructions also found in the surrounding spoken language, Akan.
Dena’ina , also Tanaina, is the Athabaskan language of the region surrounding Cook Inlet.
The Austronesian elements are those of the Nuclear Papuan Tip languages.
Bach reported that the Catuquinaru used a coded version of their language to communicate over distances of up to 1.5 km via drums called called cambarysus.
Bouyei's characteristics are similar to the other members of its language branch.
Sidaama or Sidaamu Afoo is an Afro-Asiatic language, belonging to the Highland East Cushitic branch of the Cushitic family.
The Mediterranean Lingua Franca or Sabir was a pidgin language used as a lingua franca in the Mediterranean Basin from the 11th to the 19th century.
These soldiers were sent to Jinxiang in order to protect the town from raids by the Wokou.
In its 24 December 2005 issue, The Economist wrote that there are only approximately 20 speakers left.
Takpa is mutually unintelligible with Monpa of Zemithang and Monpa of Mago-Thingbu.
The Celtic Cisalpine Gaulish inscriptions are frequently combined with the Lepontic inscriptions under the term Celtic language remains in northern Italy.
Armazic is an extinct written Aramaic language used as a language of administration in the South Caucasus in the first centuries AD.
Phrae Pwo, or Northeastern Pwo, is a Karen language spoken in Phrae, Lampang, and Chiang Rai provinces of Thailand.
Some other Livonians argued, however, that there are some native speakers left, including Viktors Bertholds' cousin, Grizelda Kristiņa.
Use of Jara is declining; it is being displaced by Fulfulde and Hausa.
The earliest printed text is dated 1554.
Láá Láá Bwamu is a Gur language of Burkina Faso.
Old Norse was divided into three dialects: Old West Norse, Old East Norse and Old Gutnish.
Laragiya was once considered a language isolate, but Mark Harvey has made a case for it being part of a family of Darwin Region languages.
Teop is a language of northern Bougainville, Papua New Guinea.
Mehináku is an Arawakan language spoken by the Mehinaku people of Brazil.
It is one of the twenty-two scheduled languages of the Republic of India.Approximately 10,000 inscriptions exist in the Telugu language.
Creissels lists Northern Akhvakh and three dialects of Southern Akhvakh.
The name of the language is also transliterated as Kutchhi, Kachchi, Kachchhi, Kachhi or Cutchi.
Akiblîk, the dialect of Bolo was near functional extinction in 1982, the youngest speaker being about 35 years of age then.
Hlersu) is spoken in 13 townships by 4,040 households and 15,737 persons in Xinping, Yuanjiang, and Eshan counties.
They are mutually intelligible and 95% lexicostatistically cognate.
Tojolabal is spoken especially in the departments of the Chiapanecan Colonia of Las Margaritas by about 20,000 people.
Speakers of Akha live in remote mountainous areas where it has developed into a wide-ranging dialect continuum.
Mehek is most closely related to Pahi, with 51% lexical similarity, and spoken approximately 20 kilometers to the southwest.
The 12th century Icelandic Gray Goose Laws state that Swedes, Norwegians, Icelanders and Danes spoke the same language, dǫnsk tunga.
Glottolog concludes that "the minuscule wordlist ... shows no convincing resemblances to surrounding languages".
A small number of Lunda dialects are represented in Namibia.
It is a combination of Tswana and Northern Sotho, with influences from Tsotsitaal, Afrikaans and other black South African languages.
In the Pretoria area, this became the language of the klevas, well-dressed township-dwellers who were trendy and up to speed with cultural developments.
For all these reasons, it seems inaccurate to characterize it strictly as a trade jargon.
Atala is the alternative name for one of the Degema-speaking communities, and Udekaama is the name of a clan.
No prose narrative survives, much less myth or poetry.
Kaansa, also known as Gan, is a Gur language of Burkina Faso.
The similarity of some Phrygian words to Greek ones was observed by Plato in his Cratylus.
Dameli is a language spoken by approximately 5,000 people in the Domel Valley, in the Chitral District of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.
It is closely related to the Yavapai language.
Arhuaco, commonly known as Ikʉ, is an Indigenous American language of the Chibchan language family, spoken in South America by the Arhuaco people.
Corobicí is an extinct Chibchan lect of Costa Rica.
Whether the Iverni spoke such a language has been considered controversial by some Irish historians.
A recorded Tamil literature has been documented for over 2000 years.
Cree  is a dialect continuum of Algonquian languages spoken by approximately 117,000 people across Canada, from the Northwest Territories and Alberta to Labrador.
Texts written wholly in Late Egyptian date to the Twentieth Dynasty of Egypt and later.
This allowed the transference of morpho-syntactical elements into Tehuelche.
It was developed in the early 19th century and is based on the Yerevan dialect.
Edinburgh slang also contains a large number of Romani-derived words.
Indeed, the name Xiroa may be a variant of Jivaro.
Miriwoong is an Australian Indigenous language which today has fewer than 20 fluent speakers, most of whom live in or near Kununurra in Western Australia.
In the 2000 census, only 26 persons under the age of 20 were registered as speakers of Ocuiltec.
Vurës and Mwesen are two dialects spoken in Vanua Lava Island in Vanuatu.
"Chukchansi has no “r” sound and ... two consonants never follow each other."
Juba, Sudanese Arabic and English are used for wider communication by speakers in Sudan, while, in the Congo, speakers tend to use Swahili, Lingala and French.
It and Luthigh are dialects of a single language.
Dialects of Loma proper in Liberia are Gizima, Wubomei, Ziema, Bunde, Buluyiema.
According to the Russian census of 2010, there are 80,500 speakers of an ethnic population consisting of 183,000 people.
The major work on the Paakantyi language and its dialects has been that of linguist Luise Hercus.
Bukong is spoken in Jiangcheng Hani and Yi Autonomous County, Mojiang Hani Autonomous County, and Zhenyuan Yi, Hani and Lahu Autonomous County.
Muhammad Zaman Sagar, a field linguist, has worked on this language.
The word Mi'kmaq is a plural word meaning 'my friends'; the adjectival form is Míkmaw.
However, it never substantially replaced the Brittonic language of the indigenous Britons, especially in the less Romanized north and west.
Chachapoyas or Amazonas Quechua is a variety of Quechua spoken in the provinces of Chachapoyas and Luya in the Peruvian region of Amazonas.
Mendankwe and Nkwen are distinct dialects of a Grassfields Bantu language spoken in Cameroon.
It is little used elsewhere, but 30–40 years ago, it also had strongholds in many rural parts of Trøndelag and the southern part of northern Norway.
It is the most widely spoken indigenous language of Mozambique.
Tagliacozzano, a transition form of Sabino with Southern Italian which is spoken in Tagliacozzo, Scurcola Marsicana and in upper Liri Valley.
[1] It is spoken mainly in the Kericho district of the Rift Valley Province in Kenya.
Aramaic and to a lesser extent Greek were already in use as international languages, especially among elites and immigrants.
Dambi–Kumalu and Patep–Zenag–Gorakor have a degree of mutual intelligibility.
Niuafoʻouan has traditionally been classified as closest to ʻUvean and Tokelauan, in an East Uvean–Niuafo'ou branch.
It was based on Old Turkic further to the east, though incorporating local Oghuz and Kipchak words.
^ "Atlas of Languages of Intercultural Communication in the Pacific, Asia, and ... - Google Books".
Most Baga are bilingual in the Mande language Susu, the official regional language.
One striking characteristic of Fantse is the level of influence from the English language.
Khasi is an Austroasiatic language spoken primarily in Meghalaya state in India by the Khasi people.
Thus, the Chatino linguistic influences stemmed from the trade and communication routes between Pochutla and Tututepec passing through Chatino territory.
Together with her daughter Jennifer, Marie Wilcox teaches weekly classes to interested members of their tribe.
Sa’ban is one of the remoter languages of Borneo, on the Sarawak–Kalimantan border.
Nipsan, or Southern Yali/Yale, is a Papuan language of West Papua.
Castelmezzano is but the kernel of an entire area, known as Vorposten, sharing the same vocalic system.
Also the writer of this has first-hand experience in 2014 of speaking with Ari speakers.
Sorsoganon or Sorsogon Bikol is a group of Bisakol languages spoken in the province of Sorsogon in the Bicol Peninsula of Luzon Island in the Philippines.
Kaman, or Miju, is a small language of India and slightly into China.
Documentation of its complete structure, however, has yet to be completed.
Dacian, Thracian, the Baltic languages(Duridanov also adds Pelasgian) formed a distinct branch of Indo-European, e.g.
Nooksack is most closely related to Squamish, Sháshíshálhem and Halkomelem, which are all spoken in nearby parts of British Columbia, Canada.
Gwahatike is a language generally classified in the Warup branch of the Finisterre family of Finisterre–Huon languages.
It is not close to the two East Kutubuan languages.
It was written in the Arabic script.
It was originally from Kunming,the capital of Yunnan in 13th century.
This somewhat-ambiguously-defined period fits between Classical Latin and Medieval Latin.
Natively it is known as yamay ajw 'local language' or tʉcmay-ajw 'language of the home'.
As of 2000, the language had about 100 speakers.
Nde is an Ekoid language of Nigeria.
Several linguists classify Tahltan as a dialect of the same language as Tagish and Kaska.
Butuanon is an Austronesian regional language spoken in Agusan del Norte and Agusan del Sur, with some native speakers in Misamis Oriental and Surigao del Norte.
Acheron is a Niger–Congo language in the Talodi family of Kordofan, Sudan.
It includes the Quechua varieties spoken in the regions of Ayacucho, Cusco and Puno in Peru, in much of Bolivia and parts of north-west Argentina.
This article deals with the language of Wallis Island, "Wallisian," also known as "Fakauvea" or "East Uvean."
In Portuguese it is called Macaense, Macaista Chapado, or Patuá.
The term "Kara" is also attached to numerous ethnic groups of the region and their languages, and so is often ambiguous.
Coast Miwok was one of the Miwok languages spoken in California, from San Francisco Bay to Bodega Bay.
Taishanese, or in the Cantonese romanization Toishanese, is a dialect of Yue Chinese.
Angika, or Chhechha, is a dialect of an Indo-Aryan language, Maithili.
It is very closely related to the nearby Berber dialects of Ouargla and Oued Righ, as well as the more distant Gourara.
Chūgoku dialect uses ken or kee instead of kara meaning "because".
Nzakambay, or Nzakambay Mbum, is an Mbum language of southern Chad and northern Cameroon.
Wawa is a Mambiloid language spoken in a region of Cameroon and just inside bordering Nigeria used by about 3,000 people in three main dialects.
Sicilian has the oldest literary tradition of the Italic languages.
Before its discovery in 1998, En language was undistinguished from Nùng, which is a Central Tai language closely related to Zhuang.
The Tibetan alphabet is used to write Dzongkha.
Dungu is a Kainji language of Nigeria.
The Tulai and Danshe dialects are no longer spoken.
Banaro is a Ramu language of Papua New Guinea.
Revisions were made and published in 1946 and 1951.
There were an estimated 900,000 native Sena speakers in Mozambique in 1997, with at least 1.5 million if including those who speak it as second language.
Azhe is one of the Loloish languages spoken by the Yi people of China.
There is a quite complicated verbal suffix system with some infixes, as well as distinct genitive and "interrogative" cases for nouns and pronouns.
Suau, also known as Iou, is an Oceanic language spoken in the Milne Bay Province of Papua New Guinea.
For the most part, these inscriptions are short commemorative graffiti with minimal text.
Because they inhabit the higher reaches of the arid Himalayas, they depend on glacial runoff for irrigation of their crops.
Varli or Warli is an Indo-Aryan language, usually classified as Marathi, but sometimes as Gujarati or Bhil.
Kaufman considered Wapishana, Atorada, and Mapidian to be dialects.
There is no evidence for a wider linguistic affiliation with any of the other Pygmy peoples.
Code switching between Jad and Garhwali is very common.
Mbalo is an Austronesian language of Borneo.
Ak is a minor Sepik language spoken in Sandaun Province, Papua-New Guinea.
There are three groups of Mekens speakers:
Sagara is a Bantu language of the Morogoro and Dodoma regions of Tanzania.
It is spoken in northern Rengma, Kohima district, Nagaland.
Ewage, also known as Notu, is a Papuan language spoken in the "tail" of Papua New Guinea.
Moloko is an Afro-Asiatic language spoken in northern Cameroon.
Kamono is a Papuan language spoken in Eastern Highlands Province, Papua New Guinea.
Wuhua is a major dialect of Hakka Chinese.
Kimré is an East Chadic language spoken in the Tandjilé Region of Chad.
Awar is a Ramu language spoken in three villages in Papua New Guinea.
They are swidden cultivators who move every 2–3 years among pre-existing village sites.
Bankon is a Bantu language spoken in the Moungo department of the Littoral Province of southwestern Cameroon.
Chontal Maya is spoken in Nacajuca, Centla, El Centro, Jonuta, and Macuspana.
These languages have since gone extinct, with no more having been recorded.
These states include Hyderabad, Rampur, Bhopal, and Lucknow, and Kashmir.
Bunama is an Austronesian language spoken in the D'Entrecasteaux Islands of Papua New Guinea.
As of 2012, "The Island Comox dialect has no remaining speakers," according to Ethnologue.
Common Eldarin, or simply Eldarin, is a constructed language devised by J. R. R. Tolkien.
The Upper Kuskokwim language is an Athabaskan language of the Na-Dené language family.
There is low mutual intelligibility between the two.
Figures for the Gor and Mango date from 2006.
The verb morphology distinguishes passive and middle grammatical voice, as well as causative.
In this book he makes a narrative discussion on phonology, morphology and syntax of this language.
It is not known how the language was acquired or how long the language had been developing before Épée established his school.
Njerep is a Mambiloid language spoken in the Adamawa Region of Cameroon.
Ila is one of the languages of the Earth included on the Voyager Golden Record.
In some instances, both hearing and deaf members of a village may use the sign language.
Therefore, a group was devised to contain them, the Umbrian languages.
According to the 2011 Canada Census, there are currently 83,475 speakers of Cree alone, and a total of 144,015 Algonquian speakers.
Loukotka classified it as a language isolate, but there is insufficient data to justify this.
The Yatzachi dialect belongs to the Villa Alta group of Zapotec dialects, of which the main dialect is San Bartolomé Zoogocho.
There are three main variants in the Astur-Leonese language family: Western, Central, and Eastern.
A small number of speakers with so-called uncontacted groups may live in Peru.
The language's orthography, which was developed in the late 1930s after a series of prior attempts, is based on the Latin script.
Mongol is a Ramu language of Papua New Guinea.
Speakers report some degree of mutual intelligibility with Tanga, which they call "Old Malimba".
It has been proposed to be related to the Eleman languages, but the connections appear to be loans.
The language is a part of the northwestern group of the Iranian section of the Indo-European family, and belongs to the Zaza–Gorani and Caspian dialect group.
The area where Northern Sami is spoken covers the northern parts of Norway, Sweden and Finland.
Latin is a classical language belonging to the Italic branch of the Indo-European languages.
Punan Merap is a purported minor Austronesian language of Borneo in Indonesia.
Resígaro is an Arawakan language of Peru believed to be nearly extinct as of 2017 with only one remaining speaker.
It is one of the most populous varieties of Zapotec, and the majority of speakers are monolingual.
Kulasisi, near Barrio Arellano, Sablayan, Occidental Mindoro
The speakers of the language are also known as Hmar.
Thus non-Kaondes sometimes call the language Chikaonde.
May River Iwam, or just Iwam, is a language of Papua New Guinea.
Koro is a possibly Sino-Tibetan language spoken by approximately 800–1,200 people in the East Kameng district at the western end of Arunachal Pradesh, India.
Yaqay is a Papuan language spoken in Papua New Guinea by over ten thousand people.
Typologically, it is a highly-agglutinating language with subject–verb–object, word order and nominative–accusative morphosyntactic alignment.
Reel, or Atwot, is a Nilotic language of South Sudan that is closely related to Nuer.
Germanic linguist Ulrich Ammon sees the future of German in Namibia as threatened.
Blench states that "noun-classes and concord make it look Benue-Congo, but evidence is weak."
Pengo is a South-Central Dravidian language spoken in Odisha.
It was not mutually intelligible with Berbice Creole Dutch, also spoken in Guyana.
There is a 40% rate of monolingualism, and a 45% literacy rate.
Mannan is a Dravidian language of Kerala and Tamil Nadu that is closely related to Malayalam and Tamil.
Fongoro is a minor Central Sudanic language of Chad and formerly of Sudan.
Kikuyu is one of the five languages of the Thagichu subgroup of the Bantu languages, which stretches from Kenya to Tanzania.
Dench believed there was insufficient data to enable it to be confidently classified, but Bowern & Koch include it among the Ngayarda languages without proviso.
Maxakalí is a Maxakalían language spoken in fourteen villages in Minas Gerais, Brazil, by fewer than a thousand people.
It is located halfway between the towns of Tateng and Sekong.
Some varieties, such as Shangge, are likely distinct languages.
The majority of Asuri speakers reside in the Gulma district of Chota Nagpur.
In many cases, vowels that are rounded in Azerbaijani are not rounded in Afshar.
However, this phoneme is also present in sister Philippine languages, namely Itbayat, Isneg, Manobo, Samal and Sagada.
The little data available show it to not be closely related to other languages, though a distant connection to Canichana was proposed by Kaufman.
Doso is a language of New Guinea.
It is not closely related to other languages.
The Zhangzhou dialect is often simply called Hokkien or Minnan.
Central Franconian is the following set of West Central German dialect groups:
Gayo is distinguished from other languages in Aceh.
This is in contrast to Kajkavian and Chakavian.
It is attested only by a list of 38 words collected ca.
Ra pruma volta - ca s'hemm parlaa?...
Along with the Mino dialect in the south, it is one of the two main dialects of Gifu Prefecture.
The closely related language Tuzanteco is often considered a dialect, but stands as a separate language.
Argentine Sign Language is used in Argentina.
Carl Hostetter has noted that the grammar contains a considerable amount of vocabulary, not all of which is glossed.
During his study, Panda found out that that the proportion of deaf population in Alipur was of approximately 0.75%, against 0.41% on national average.
Tangkhul is not close to other Naga languages.
In 1997 there were still two speakers remaining, but by 2005 the language was considered extinct.
The Bangolan language is a Grassfields language of Cameroon.
It is mutually intelligible with Attapady Kurumba.
However, some Qashqai varieties namely the variety spoken in the Sheshbeyli tribe share features with Turkish, too.
It is closely related to Caribbean Hindustani and the Hindustani spoken in Mauritius and South Africa.
It is spoken on the eastern slopes of Mount Apo in Davao del Sur Province, as well as in Davao City.
Digo is a Bantu language spoken primarily along the East African coast between Mombasa and Tanga by the Digo people of Kenya and Tanzania.
Mbowe had once been classified as a dialect of the divergent Luyana language.
By many non-linguists, Middle Dutch is often referred to as Diets.
Of those, 1.16 million or 56% use it as their primary language at home.
Almost all Atong speakers are bilingual in Garo to a greater or lesser extent.
Piscataway, also known as Conoy, is considered a dialect of Nanticoke.
It is a dialect cluster of Ayizo proper, Kotafon, and Gbesi.
Middle Dutch is a collective name for a number of closely related West Germanic dialects spoken and written between 1150 and 1500.
As the closest relative of the Ekoid family of the Southern Bantoid languages, Mbe is fairly close to the Bantu languages.
Their neighbours to the west were the Sicani.
Dwang is a Guang language of Ghana, partially intelligible with Chumburung.
In 2008, it was cited in a study on whether humans had an innate ability to count without having words for numbers.
Escarpment Dogon is a continuum of Dogon dialects of the Bandiagara Escarpment, including the standard language.
Marwari currently has no official status as a language of education and government.
Amberbaken, or Mpur, is a divergent language of New Guinea.
Rerau is a Rai Coast language spoken in Madang Province, Papua New Guinea.
Zabana is an Oceanic language spoken almost exclusively in the Kia district on the northern part of Santa Isabel Island in the Solomon Islands.
The varieties of the language include Agöb, Ende and Kawam.
The language is scarcely attested; in 1961 one elder was able to remember a few single words mixed with Kiriri.
Foley proposed that Kambot had borrowed its pronouns from the Iatmul language of the Sepik family.
The Dogrib language, also commonly referred to as Tłı̨chǫ, is spoken by the Dene First Nations people that reside in the Northwest Territories of Canada.
It thus effectively remains unclassified, largely for lack of data, but possibly related to Agaw.
Dalabon is also known as Dangbon, Ngalkbun, and Buwan.
Klallam was closely related to North Straits Salish, but not mutually intelligible.
However, this figure was still much higher than 508,000 or 18.7% of people who said they could speak Welsh in 1991.
Ordos retains a variant of the old comitative case and shares the innovated directive case.
Bauchi is a Kainji language spoken in Nigeria.
Kajana Sign Language is a village sign language of Suriname.
Huilliche is a branch of the Araucanian language family.
Anuak, Päri, and Jur-Luwo comprise a dialect cluster.
This is primarily a primer for use in schools.
with some linguists arguing that they are dialects of the same language, as opposed to different ones.
The language together with Chukchi, Kerek, Alutor and Itelmen forms the Chukotko-Kamchatkan language family.
Dusun Witu, or Witu, is a language spoken by the Dusun people of Borneo.
The Aimaq people are thought to have a 5-15% literacy rate.
Swiss Standard German is not a German dialect, but a variety of standard German.
Linguists have called the disappearance of Auregnais "the worst documented case of recent language extinction."
The Ethnologue lists Quang Lam as an alternate name for Kháng.
Kuhane, or Subiya, is a Bantu language spoken by 35,000 people along the Okavango River in Namibia, Zambia and Botswana.
Now it is written in the Cyrillic script.
Quapaw, or Arkansas, is a Siouan language of the Quapaw people, originally from a region in present-day Arkansas.
Dongolawi is closely related to Kenzi, spoken in southern Egypt.
Ngadha is the only language reported to have a retroflex implosive /ᶑ /.
Bolognese is a dialect of the Emiliano language, spoken in the Emilia-Romagna region of Italy and along the border of Tuscany to the south.
The language uses the Latin script as a syllabary: each letter marks an entire syllable rather than a single phoneme.
The Raga spoken by most people today is heavily mixed with Bislama, Vanuatu's national language.
Southern Alta is one of many endangered languages that risks being lost if it is not passed on by current speakers.
It is the official language of Georgia.
The Manggarainese language is part of the Austronesian family, and is therefore related to Indonesian and other Malay varieties.
The language was referred to as Maiyã or Shuthun by early researchers, but subsequent observations have not verified that these names are known locally.
Upper Inlet, spoken in Eklutna, Knik, Susitna, Tyonek
Hindko is mutually intelligible with Punjabi and Saraiki, and has more affinities with the latter than with the former.
The term stolesazo in the Edictum Rothari shows the same shift.
In 1981 it was spoken by some 20.000 people, 5000 in Bolango and 15.000 in Atingolla.
The last East Frisian dialect still spoken today is Saterland Frisian, an Ems group dialect.
It is rather distinct in certain features from other Bantu languages of the area, such as Nyaturu, but is quite close in others.
Talinga or Bwisi is a language spoken in the Uganda–Congo border region.
A literacy program was developed, and many people in the Nalca language group learned to read.
To begin with Chakma language subjects in its own scripts will be introduced in 58 primary schools in Chakma concentrated areas."
Vedda has exerted a substratum influence in the formation of Sinhalese.
There are an estimated 200,000 second-language speakers.
It was formerly known as "Galla", a term now considered pejorative but still found in older literature.
A mutually intelligible variety is found in San Andrés y Providencia Islands, Colombia, brought to the island by descendants of Jamaican Maroons in the 18th century.
Many languages have influenced the development of the Maldivian language through the ages, most importantly Arabic.
The Salar arrived at their current location in the 14th century, having migrated there from the west, according to a Salar legend from Samarkand.
The history of ISL goes back to 1873 in Germany, where Marcus Reich, a German Jew, opened a special school for Jewish deaf children.
Unfortunately, none of the works on Kadiweu discussed the level of endangerment.
According to the Endangered Languages Project, approximately 1,350 people speak the language while at home.
The term "Galician-Portuguese" also designates the subdivision of the modern West Iberian group of Romance languages.
In 2012, the Government of Tripura announced it would "introduce Chakma language in Chakma script in primary schools of Tripura.
Sere is a minor Ubangian language of the northeastern Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Pulabu is a Rai Coast language spoken in Madang Province, Papua New Guinea.
Nkore-Kiga is a language spoken by around 3,910,000 people living in the extreme southwest of Uganda.
Demta, also known as Sowari and Muris, is a Papuan language on the north coast of Papua, Indonesia.
Adyghe, also known as West Circassian, is one of the two official languages of the Republic of Adygea in the Russian Federation, the other being Russian.
As with many Papuan languages, there are very few published materials on Suki.
All four remaining speakers are bilingual in Spanish and none have any children, which will likely lead to its extinction once the speakers die.
Paluan is a language spoken by the Murut people of Borneo.
It is important to underline that there are entire Shiwe tribes and villages near Makokou and Ndjole.
Two recent dictionaries write Yolmo in Devanagari and give a Romanisation as well.
Tinani is a Sino-Tibetan language spoken in the Indian state of Himachal Pradesh and in western Tibet.
Karo is an Omotic language spoken in the Debub Omo Zone of the Southern Nations, Nationalities, and People's Region in Ethiopia.
Tai Thanh, or Tai Then, is a Southwestern Tai language of northern Vietnam.
The French transcriptions of these sources differs from the English respellings seen in the records of other varieties of Tasmanian.
It shares half of its basic vocabulary with the Saponi language, but it's not clear if they are related.
Nanlang dialect, spoken in Nanlang in the east, and
Singpho is a dialect of the Jingpho language spoken by the Singpho people of Arunachal Pradesh and Assam.
Dongolawi is an Arabic term based on the town of Old Dongola, the centre of the historic Christian kingdom of Makuria.
Munit is a Papuan language of Papua New Guinea.
Some linguists call it a mixed language, having a mostly Turkic grammar, essentially Yugur, but a mainly Iranian vocabulary.
Dialects are North Karaja, South Karaja, Xambioá, and Javaé.
Native speakers of Konso number about 200,000.
Pimenteira is an extinct and poorly attested Cariban language.
According to Sidwell, it was probably a northern dialect of Jru' that had differentiated through separation by migration.
The phonology features a distinction between the length of vowels and whether they are oral or nasal.
Alternate names for Omagua include: Agua, Anapia, Ariana, Cambeba, Cambeeba, Cambela, Campeba, Canga-Peba, Compeva, Janbeba, Kambeba, Macanipa, Omagua-Yete, Pariana, Umaua, Yhuata.
They were called Attawandaron by the Huron.
It is a Formosan language of the Austronesian family.
Monumbo is a Papuan language of Papua New Guinea.
In Vietnam, it is spoken in Thừa Thiên–Huế Province, including in A Lưới commune.
Jamaican Maroon spirit-possession language, Maroon Spirit language, Jamaican Maroon Creole or Deep patwa is a ritual language and formerly mother tongue of Jamaican Maroons.
It is spoken by roughly 160,000 people in Zhongshan, Guangdong's Shiqi urban district.
There are two dialects, Gurdjar proper, and Rip.
Kaningra language is a Sepik language of Papua New Guinea.
In Iran, it is spoken in the provinces of Kermanshah and Ilam.
Before the Soviet era, it was written using Hebrew characters.
Most of the Anong people in China have shifted to Lisu.
Saudi Sign Language is the deaf sign language of Saudi Arabia.
It is spoken by people in Myanmar, mostly in the Chin State and Sagiang Division.
The accent is based on the Kyoto-Osaka or Keihan accent.
Shona  is the most widely spoken Bantu language as a first language and is native to the Shona people of Zimbabwe.
Ume Sami is a Sami language spoken in Sweden and in Norway.
Dobase is an Cushitic language spoken in the Dirashe special woreda of the Southern Nations, Nationalities, and People's Region located in southern Ethiopia.
Galeya is a dialectically diverse Austronesian language spoken in the D'Entrecasteaux Islands of Papua New Guinea.
Bouna, in addition, hasdialects Sekwa and Nabanj.
Many Njen residents also speak Moghamo and Ashong, the dialects of neighboring villages.
All of the population has shifted to English.
Montfortian is a Central Limburgish dialect spoken in the Dutch town of Montfort.
Some authors like Harvey Mayer group Thracian and Dacian into a southern Baltic linguistic family.
Tebul Sign Language is a village sign language of the village of Uluban in the Dogon region of Mali, among speakers of Tebul Dogon.
The rather divergent dialects are Olulu and Tinta/Etongo.
This area included the areas around modern-day El Progreso, La Ceiba, and possibly also San Pedro Sula.
Northern Kurdish, also called Kurmanji, is a group of Kurdish dialects predominantly spoken in southeast Turkey, northwest and northeast Iran, northern Iraq and northern Syria.
Researchers and primates were able to communicate using lexigram boards made in up to three panels with a total of 384 keys.
Lak is in the Patpatar-Tolai sub-group, which then falls under the New Ireland-Tolai group in the Western Oceanic language, a sub-group within the Austronesian family.
It may be a Grassfields language or closer to Tivoid.
The Eastern Bolivian Guaraní language was spoken by 33,000 people in Bolivia, 15,000 in Argentina, and a few hundred in Paraguay.
Unlike the other varieties, there has never been any significant language shift in eastern Flores from vernacular languages to Malay.
Khasi has been an associate official language of some districts within Meghalaya since 2005, and as of May 2012, was no longer considered endangered by UNESCO.
The Danau live primarily in the villages of Taungbohla, Thaethit, Htinyugon, Chaunggya and Naung In, within a short distance of the towns of Aungban and Heho.
For example, byōki becomes something like "byōgi".
Gallo is classified as one of the Oïl languages.
Its area of composition comprised ancient Arachosia, Aria, Bactria, and Margiana, corresponding to the entirety of present-day Afghanistan, and parts of Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan.
Xhosa has two tones: high and low.
Yahadian is a Papuan language of the Bird's Head Peninsula of West Papua.
It is used mainly by native English speaking European colonists for communication with the native Swahili speakers.
The /q/ of Proto-Quechua is a fricative, at the end of a syllable or near a voiceless consonant it is voiceless [x] and otherwise voiced [g].
There are several distinct dialects: Mankunge, Nsongwa, Shomba, Mbutu, Njong, Bagangu, and Alatening.
As of 2000, there were 82 speakers.
It is preserved only in a word list from 1859.
Genealogically, Yakkha belongs to the Eastern Kiranti languages and is in one subgroup with several Limbu languages, e.g.
Mojave or Mohave is the native language of the Mohave people along the Colorado River in northwestern Arizona, southeastern California, and southwestern Nevada.
While Utkuhiksalik has much in common with the other Natsilik subdialects, the Utkuhiksalingmiut and the Natsilingmiut were historically distinct groups.
This region lies in the Agra-Mathura-Aligarh area, and stretches as far as the environs of Delhi.
Andalusian Arabic appears to have spread rapidly and been in general oral use in most parts of Al-Andalus between the 9th and 15th centuries.
Hakaona is a Bantu language of Angola and Namibia.
That name is an error; it means 'two words' in the Tebul language.
Yi-Liu, sometimes called Yichun dialect after its principal variety, is a dialect of Gan Chinese.
It is now rarely spoken, having been replaced as a primary mode of communication by Bislama.
Khiamniungan is a Sino-Tibetan language spoken by the Khiamniungan people in east-central Tuensang District of Nagaland in northeastern India and in northwestern Burma.
Jelkung is a possible Afro-Asiatic language spoken in south central Chad.
Tocho is a Niger–Congo language in the Talodi family spoken in Kordofan, Sudan.
Bo is a possible Left May language of New Guinea, in Sandaun and East Sepik Provinces.
The etymology of the term requires further investigation.
The varieties may be mutually intelligible, especially the Mid-Southern–Gobu–Kpagua–Mono–Ngundu cluster.
It is a member of the Taman language family.
Unlike most other languages, Lyélé has only one paradigm for all pronouns, including demonstratives, interrogatives, and relatives.
The Mehari dialect is mutually intelligible with the other dialects only with difficulty.
Öömrang refers to the Öömrang Frisian name of Amrum, Oomram.
Together with the ǂHoan language, it forms the proposed Kx'a language family.
A number of linguists have carried out work on Kurrama however there is not yet a comprehensive grammatical description of the language.
In time past, this was used to speak to the chiefs.
Tunia is an Adamawa language of Chad.
Bakpinka, or Iyongiyong, is an endangered Upper Cross River language of Nigeria.
Bogaya is a Papuan language of Papua New Guinea.
The closest non-Jieng language is Nuer, the language of the Dinka's traditional rivals.
Ngeté-Herdé, also known as Lamé, is an Afro-Asiatic dialect cluster of Chad.
Akyaung Ari, or Ngachan, is a Tangkhul language spoken in Burma.
Popular understanding among some Ait-Awari derives the name tet-serret, and its Tamasheq equivalent shin-sart, from expressions meaning 'the of Sirte'.
It is closely related to the Mangbetu language, and the Asua live in association with the Mangbetu people, among others.
Hochstetler confirms that these are intelligible with each other, but not with the more populous varieties of Dogon on the neighboring plains.
Subsequently the orthography of Middle Scots differed from that of the emerging Early Modern English standard.
The Bozo cluster breaks down into the following varieties:
Pisaflores Tepehua is a Tepehua language of Veracruz, Mexico.
Romblomanon is also considered as a Far Variant of Bisakol due to its proximity with the Islands of Panay & Masbate.
Although Pawaia has proto-Trans–New Guinea vocabulary, Ross considers its inclusion questionable on available evidence.
The alphabet includes the letter Q with hook tail, Ɋ ɋ.
The three principal varieties, Bada, Behoa, and Napu, are 85–90% lexically similar, but their speakers are culturally distinct.
Mbugwe or Mbuwe is a Bantu language of spoken by the Mbugwe people of Lake Manyara in the Manyara Region of Central Tanzania.
Dusun Deyah, or Deyah, is a language spoken by the Dusun people of Borneo.
Though it is commonly called Gbaya, it is not one of the Gbaya languages, which are in the Ubangian family.
The endonym is Tašlḥiyt /taʃlʜijt/, and in recent English publications the language is often rendered Tashelhiyt or Tashelhit.
The cultural context in which the lost Trojan language existed was described by Jaan Puhvel, Homer and Hittite.
It is co-official language of the United Nations, of the European Union and of many other world and regional international organisations.
The different dialects within this language family utilize their individual languages as barriers to distinguish themselves through their own identity.
In 1991 it was spoken by approximately 45,000 Buru people who live on the Indonesian island of Buru.
Kwanyama or Oshikwanyama is a national language of Angola and Namibia.
Ma quand ca vedi - ra Schiranetta
Makassarese is a language used by the Makassarese people in South Sulawesi in Indonesia.
It belongs to the Comasco-Lecchese group and it has many subdialects.
Kayan is a dialect cluster spoken by the Kayan people of Borneo.
Nyika is a Bantu language of Tanzania and Zambia.
Kokoda is a Papuan language of the Bird's Head Peninsula of West Papua.
They are usually classified into two groups, North Marquesan and South Marquesan, roughly along geographic lines.
Volow, which used to be spoken on the same island, may be considered a dialect or a separate language.
It uses a subset of standard English grammar, and a list of 1500 English words.
Hainanese is not mutually intellgible with other Southern Min and is often considered a separate branch of Min.
It belongs to the Wakashan language family.
Khitan was written using two mutually exclusive writing systems known as the Khitan large script and the Khitan small script.
The extinct Palta language of the Ecuadorian Amazon is attested by only a few words: yumé 'water', xeme 'maize', capal 'fire', let 'wood', and some toponyms.
Kansa is a Siouan language of the Dhegihan group once spoken by the Kaw people of Oklahoma.
Bribri Sign Language is a village sign language of an indigenous Bribri community in southern Costa Rica.
Salazarese, spoken in Spain, was once thought to be a subdialect of Navarro-Lapurdian, but it is now classified as Eastern Navarrese.
Some dialects of Nchumuru languages spoken in Prang, Yeji, Dwan and Krachi in the Brong Ahafo region of Ghana are derived from the Larteh language.
The dialects are significantly influenced by Welsh grammar and often include words derived from Welsh.
The language was presumably spoken somewhere in the northeast of Tasmania, but the original location of the speakers was not recorded.
Emil Perder's 2013 dissertation, A Grammatical Description of Dameli, based on the author's field work, is the first comprehensive description of the Dameli language.
Grenadian Creole is either of two Creole languages spoken in Grenada, Grenadian Creole English and Grenadian Creole French.
Documentation of Srenge is currently underway by Matthew S. Dryer and Lea Brown of the University at Buffalo.
The language of the Lower Lillooet people uses the name Ucwalmícwts, because St’át’imcets means "the language of the people of Sat’", i.e.
In a small area in the northwest of North Brabant, Hollandic is spoken.
It is also one of the 22 scheduled languages of the Republic of India.
There is, however, revitalization work underway today in several communities.
Sabüm is an extinct aboriginal Mon–Khmer language of Malaya.
The Leco ethnic population is about 80.
At least one loanword survives from the Erie language: Chautauqua, a word of unknown translation.
Estimates about the number of speakers range from 5 million to about 7 million speakers worldwide, the majority in Algeria.
It is 65% cognate with Bali, but 38% with the Nyali language Ndaka.
Ngindo is a Bantu language of Tanzania.
The Ika language has both elements of Edo and Igbo.
It is also spoken in Salaksak village, Kayapa municipality, Nueva Vizcaya Province.
It is tonal and has a typical Niger–Congo noun-class system.
English is the third most widespread native language in the world, after Standard Chinese and Spanish.
Yareni Zapotec speakers can communicate with speakers of related Zapotec variants in the towns of Teococuilco de Marcos Pérez, San Miguel Aloapam, and San Isidro Aloápam.
Any connection they may have with the people of Ashret has been lost.
The language belongs to the Mordvinic branch of the Uralic languages.
Some examples of Scandoromani variant spellings are: tjuro / kjuro 'knife'; gräj / grei 'horse'.
The Sabines divided into two populations just after the founding of Rome, which is described by Roman legend.
There are at least four villages where Merei is spoken, Angoru, Navele, Tombet and Vusvogo.
The mid 12th-century Yunjing and other rime tables incorporate a more sophisticated and convenient analysis of the Qieyun phonology.
Romani is sometimes written as Romany but native speaking people use the word Romani for the language.
However both may ultimately go for separate ethnic identity as they have distinct linguistic and cultural barriers.
However, the 1989 estimate of 25,000 speakers in the Congo still stands.
Osage has an inventory of sounds very similar to that of Dakota, plus vowel length, preaspirated obstruents, and an interdental fricative.
There are also dialectal divisions within Wanetsi, although the variation between them is very small.
The grammar of Nez Perce has been described in a grammar) and a dictionary) with two dissertations.
Ottoman Sign Language, also known as Seraglio Sign Language or Harem Sign Language, was a deaf sign language of the Ottoman court in Istanbul.
Zanga is either a divergent dialect or a closely related language.
The term "Virgin Islands Creole" is formal terminology used by scholars and academics, and is rarely used in everyday speech.
It is part of the Eastern branch of Muskogean languages, along with Creek-Seminole and Apalachee–Alabama–Koasati.
The Gweno language is today spoken mostly by older adults, with younger generations having shifted to Asu and Swahili.
Ai-Cham is a language spoken mainly in Diwo 地莪 and Boyao 播尧 Townships, Jialiang District, Libo County, Qiannan Prefecture, Guizhou, China.
Nyole is a Bantu language spoken by the Luhya people in Tororo District, Uganda near Lake Kyoga.
The Dogrib language, or Tlinchon, is a Northern Athabaskan language spoken by the Tłı̨chǫ of the Canadian Northwest Territories.
The word 'language' here is also politically defined as 'official speech variety'.
Bebele is a Bantu language of Cameroon.
In terms of the linguistic literature on Kadiweu, linguists Glyn and Cynthia Griffiths published an entire Kadiweu–Portuguese dictionary in 2002.
Greek is an independent branch of the Indo-European family of languages, native to Greece and other parts of the Eastern Mediterranean.
There were 4000 documented native speakers of Teiwa in 2010.
Dialects are Okbab, Bime, Onya, Omban, Sirkai.
The turbulent history of the area, particularly due to expansion of the Ottoman Empire, resulted in a patchwork of dialectal and religious differences.
It is not being passed on to many children.
The language was gradually replaced by a creolised Malay called Ambonese Malay.
This variety has been used by the Catholic Church for three quarters of a century
Kirya-Konzəl is a recently documented Chadic language of Nigeria, though it was first attested in 1931.
Yamba is a Grassfields language of Cameroon, with a small number of speakers in Nigeria.
This article deals with "West Uvean" or "Fagauvea", a language of New Caledonia.
Dialects are Central Maring, Eastern Maring, Timbunki, Tsuwenki, Karamba, Kambegl; Central Maring is understood by all.
These older varieties may be related to the sign languages of Vietnam and Laos.
However, despite distinctions and interjection of words from other languages which varies from village to village, their language is otherwise linguistically identical.
It is spoken in Chad near the Darfur border, with migration into Sudan.
Chilcotin is a Northern Athabaskan language spoken in British Columbia by the Tsilhqot’in people.
Bigambal is an extinct and unclassified Australian Aboriginal language.
Efforts have also been done to allow the language to become official in the state.
Some communities in Barillas and Ixcán also speak Chuj.
Because of its extended isolation, Homshetsi contains many archaisms that set it apart from all other Armenian dialects.
Vedic Sanskrit is an archaic language, whose consensus translation has been challenging.
Dutch settlers frequently married First Nations women, most commonly from the Mohawk with whom they were strong allies.
The Ligbi area in Ghana is bordered to the west by Nafaanra, the Senufo language of the Nafana people.
The name of the Macedonian language is a matter of political controversy in Greece and Bulgaria as is its distinctiveness compared to Bulgarian in Bulgaria.
Tanacross is an endangered Athabaskan language spoken by fewer than 60 people in eastern Interior Alaska.
The Gadal language is a mixed Northern Songhay language of central Niger.
Akrukay is a Ramu language of Papua New Guinea.
Sometimes speakers of Sucite will even refer to themselves as speaking Supyire.
Many ideas can be expressed in a single word.
Verbs exhibit imperfective or perfective aspect, with a moderately complex tense system.
About the Anong population, Naw is still mixed with the Lisu population.
The inhabitants of Rwanda and Burundi belong to several different ethnic groups: Hutu, including Bakiga and other related ethnicities, Tutsi, including Hima and Twa.
It is prevalent with the Indo-Aryan Kamrupi dialects to its east and North Bengali dialects to its west, amidst a number of Tibeto-Burman speech communities.
Halegannada is the Kannada language which has transformed from the 5th century CE during the reign of the Kadambas of Banavasi.
Saint Kitts Creole has much the same history as other English Caribbean creoles.
Laven is the exonym given by the Laotian government, while the autonym of many of those speakers is Jru' [ɟruʔ].
Wolani is a Papuan language spoken by about 5,000 people in the Paniai lakes region of the Indonesian province of Papua.
Blagar is a Papuan language of Pantar island in the Alor archipelago of Indonesia.
Various sources estimate there are only between 100 and 300 speakers of Aleut remaining
There is hope to re-open the school for special need children.
The Kamwe people are also found in Borno State, especially in Askira/Uba and Gwoza local government areas.
Bomboma is a Bantu language of the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Maho removes Shanjo as a separate, and not very closely related, language.
It is closely related to the languages of Rwanda and Burundi; neighboring dialects are reported to be mutually intelligible with Kirundi.
Alungul is an extinct Paman language of the Cape York Peninsula in Queensland, Australia.
The Toro language, Tɔrɔ tegu 'Mountain speech', is a Dogon language spoken in Mali.
It is being replaced by the national language and lingua franca Tok Pisin.
Famously, Aka shares vocabulary with the Baka languages, mostly concerning a specialised forest economy, such as words for edible plants, medicinal plants and honey collecting.
A more recent alternative name is Kolombangara.
The Kitsai language is an extinct member of the Caddoan language family.
Most Kato speakers were bilingual in Northern Pomo and some also spoke Yuki.
Lardil is unusual among Australian languages in that it features a ceremonial register, called Damin.
Christopher I. Beckwith links Buyeo, Goguryeo, and Baekje with Japonic languages.
Whereas its lexicon is heavily drawn from some Bantu language(s).
One source states that the last fluent native speakers died in the 1980s, but another claims that two speakers had survived into 2014.
Chulung is a Kiranti language spoken in Ankhisalla VDC, Dhankuta District, Koshi Zone, Nepal.
As well, there is push to expand the interpretation/translation programme through Arctic College to include IUR.
Within Austroasiatic, Khmu is often cited as being most closely related to the Palaungic and Khasic languages.
Egland & Bartholomew had found Cuauhtémoc to be more intelligible with Coatzospan Mixtec, which in any case is close to Cuyamecalco.
Indicative, negative, and irrealis verbs have distinct morphological markings of their own for personal pronoun subject agreement.
The hot summer temperatures also allow for a wide variety of fruits to be raised.
Mondzi is a Lolo-Burmese language spoken by the Yi people of China.
The language of wider communication is Meithei.
It is a highly contextual language, tense of verbs being inferred from context alone.
Westron is the closest thing to a lingua franca in Middle-earth, at least at the time during which The Lord of the Rings is set.
Vamale is a Kanak language of northern New Caledonia.
Some spurious languages have been proven to not exist.
The term "Yiddish", short for Yidish Taitsh "Jewish German", did not become the most frequently used designation in the literature until the 18th century.
In Yunnan, it is spoken in all of Xishuangbanna Dai Autonomous Prefecture, as well as Jiangcheng Hani and Yi Autonomous County in Pu'er City.
The Parkari Koli language is a language mainly spoken in the province of Sindh, Pakistan.
It also has 1.6 million second language speakers.
It is taught in special courses in the capital of Equatorial Guinea, Malabo.
Forgive us our sins, as we forgive those who sin against us.
Ske belongs to the East Vanuatu languages, a branch of the Austronesian languages family.
Tamil-Brahmi inscriptions from 500 BC have been found on Adichanallur and 2,200-year-old Tamil-Brahmi inscriptions have been found on Samanamalai.
It is an Eastern Nilotic language, and has several dialects.
By the 1970s–80s it had become extinct, with recent reports in Mayanist literature finding that there are no living native speakers.
The major dialects of Maldivian are Malé, Huvadhu, Mulaku, Addu, Haddhunmathee, and Maliku.
The language is also noteworthy in that it has six phonemic tones, one of only a handful of languages in the world that have this many.
Instead of using the Kove language, many of them are using Tok Pisin as their daily language.
Atong is a Sino-Tibetan language related to Koch, Rabha, Bodo and Garo.
Most Matbat words are monosyllabic; additional syllables in polysyllabic words are often weak and toneless, though a few words do have two tonic syllables.
Ulukwumi is a small Yoruba language spoken among the Edoid languages of Delta State, Nigeria.
During this time, contact with the rest of Spanish America was limited, and New Mexican Spanish developed on its own course.
The variety and quality of classical Tamil literature has led to it being described as "one of the great classical traditions and literatures of the world".
Lepontic is attested in inscriptions found in an area centered on Lugano, Switzerland, and including the Lake Como and Lake Maggiore areas of Italy.
It is a highly endangered language, with very few remaining fluent speakers.
Lencans had arrived in El Salvador about 2,000 years B.P.
Tehuacan–Zongolica AKA Southeastern Puebla Nahuatl is a variety of Nahuatl spoken by ethnic Nahua people in southeastern Puebla state and southern Veracruz in Mexico.
The Baeggu language is spoken by the indigenous people of the North Malaita Island in the Solomon Islands.
The modern-day community of Doms in Jerusalem was established by the nomadic people deciding to settle inside the Old City from 1940 until the 1967 occupation.
There are approximately 20 speakers out of a population of 380.
Kungkari is an extinct, unclassified Australian Aboriginal language.
That is the case in dwindling of speakers but also in development of the dialect towards Standard Dutch.
Plautdietsch, however, has several thousand speakers throughout the world, most notably in South America, Canada and Germany.
Nalca is a Papuan language of West Papua.
MSL is being supplanted by American Sign Language resulting in fewer MSL speakers and a lack of resources for MSL speakers.
North Ambrym is a language of Ambrym Island, Vanuatu.
Avokaya is closest to Logo, especially in the Northern Ogambi dialect and Mündü.
It is spoken in the southeast tip bordering India, Tharparkar District, Nagar Parkar.
Ciwogai is an Afro-Asiatic language spoken in Bauchi State, Nigeria.
Poitevin is also widely referred to as parlanjhe.
It is not the same language as the other dialects spoken in towns named Loxicha, but it is in the same branch of Zapotec.
Ethnologue classified it as a dialect of Taulil until all mention of it was removed in 2009.
Kumam is a Southern Luo dialect of Uganda.
The Miccosukee achieved federal recognition as a tribe in 1962.
Gapapaiwa, also Gapa or Paiwa, is an Austronesian language of the eastern Papua New Guinean mainland.
As of 2003, there were 38 people in the Mỹky village, but not all were ethnic Mỹky, and the others were monolingual in Portuguese.
About 200,000 speakers live in Nepal, some 20,000 in Sikkim, and some 800 in China.
Yaka, also spelled Iaca and Iyaka, is a Bantu language spoken in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Angola.
It is spoken north of Mahas in Egypt.
Ethnologue lists Jelkung as a synonym; Blench, however, considers it a distinct language, in a different branch of East Chadic.
Today's use of the creole involves a higher proportion of Standard English, possibly due to access to foreign media.
It is spoken by about 100,000 Bakumpai people living in the central Kalimantan, Indonesia.
It is also widely used as the mother tongue in Wuqiu Township, Kinmen County, Republic of China.
It is technically an official language of Peru.
Biritai is a Lakes Plain language of Irian Jaya, Indonesia.
Tirahi, also called Dardù, is a nearly extinct if not already extinct Dardic language of the Kohistani group spoken in the Nangarhar Province of Northeastern Afghanistan.
Neighboring dialects are Essensch, Waddisch and Mölmsch.
The Dutch linguist Aone Van Engelenhoven applies the label Eastern Extra-Ramelaic languages.
The variety of the language spoken on the island of Hokkaido belongs to the southern dialect.
the literary development of French prepared the vocabulary and grammar for the Classical French spoken in the 17th and 18th centuries.
Gendza is a Bantu language of the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Their ethnic population in Chad was 30,000 as of the 1993 census, but only 10 speakers of their language were reported in 1991.
It was the first Alaskan language to go extinct in recent history.
Nyungwe is a Bantu language of Mozambique.
Dialects from villages separated by as little as ten kilometers may show marked differences.
The last fully fluent speaker of Kiksht, Gladys Thompson, died in July 2012.
Unlike Namibian Black German in Namibia, it is a creole; indeed, it is the only creole that developed from colonial German.
SIL reports that Takpa may be a dialect of the Brokpa language and that it been influenced by the Dzala language whereas Brokpa has not.
It is spoken on the northern and southern sides of Kainji Lake.
For example, Kyirong has a three-tone system whereas Yolmo and Kagate have a two-tone system.
Ocotlán Zapotec is a Zapotec language of Oaxaca, Mexico.
Samoan, a Polynesian language, is the first language for most of the Samoa Islands' population of about 246,000 people.
Iaai is a language of Ouvéa Island.
This triggered one of the largest Morisco Revolts.
Wurm and Hattori treat the two varieties, Ikobi and Mena, as distinct languages, but Ethnologue 16 judges them to be one.
It is a Minahasan language, a sub-group of the Philippine languages.
Singlish is also heavily discouraged in the mass media and in schools.
It is one of the Ngayarda languages of the large Pama–Nyungan family.
However, by 1864 the indigenous population revolted and overthrew the Kololo.
These include Kalasha-mun, Palula, Dameli, Gawar-Bati, Nuristani, Yidgha, Burushaski, Gujar, Wakhi, Kyrgyz, and Pashto.
Hainyaho, spoken by the Hain, is the most western dialect, spoken in two spots along the Niger.
On 25 January 2015, the Young Australian of the Year was announced, Drisana Levitzke-Gray.
Ma'anyan or Ma'anjan or Maanyak Dayak is an Austronesian language belonging to the East Barito languages.
It also has words in common with other Mambiloid languages such as Tep, Somyev and Vute, while a number of words' origins remain unclear.
In the 20th and 21st centuries, it has become more commonly published in print and online.
The script is seldom used today but is taught in schools throughout Lampung as a means of preserving its linguistic history.
It may be closest to the Edoid languages.
Judeo-Persian, or Jidi, refers to both a group of Jewish dialects spoken by the Jews living in Iran and Judeo-Persian texts.
The two ethnic Tangkhul languages are related, but are not mutually intelligible, being only 30% lexically similar.
The Genoese, spoken in Genoa, the capital of Liguria, is the language's prestige dialect on which the standard is based.
Kofei is a Papuan language of the Indonesian province of Papua, on the eastern shore of Cenderawasih Bay.
Phong Kaneng [pʰɔːŋ kᵊneːŋ] and Phong Kniang are dialects.
Ngambay is the most widely spoken of the Sara languages, and is used as a trade language between speakers of other dialects.
This means it can be typed using a normal keyboard.
Wyandot is the Iroquoian language traditionally spoken by the people known variously as Wyandot or Wyandotte, descended from the Wendat.
Their main centre is the town of Geshere, which is west of Mariri on the Lere road.
The Kathu are locally known as the White Yi.
Catalan is a Romance language derived from Vulgar Latin and named after the medieval Principality of Catalonia, in northeastern modern Spain.
Gubbi Gubbi is an extinct language of Queensland in Australia.
Portugal and other Portuguese-speaking countries have since begun using the new orthography.
Sak is a Sino-Tibetan language of the Sal branch spoken in Myanmar and China.
A total of 7 SASL interpreters have actually been accredited by SATI/DeafSA.
Katchal, or Tehnu, is a Nicobarese language spoken in the central Nicobar Islands.
Yanda is an extinct and nearly unattested Australian Aboriginal language of Queensland.
The derivation of the term is generally falsely attributed to Swahili.
Several works of literature have been translated into Ido, including The Little Prince and the Gospel of Luke.
The other is Tosk on which Standard Albanian is based.
Pavese is the language of I Fiö dla Nebia and Quèi Ad La Barcéla, two popular musical groups.
The authors' stated aim was to create a consistent and intuitive pattern of Roman alphabet spelling useful for both native Ulithian and native English speakers.
The first European to come across Taiap was a German missionary in 1938.
Abai is a Murutic language of Borneo spoken in by the Abai people in the villages of Sembuak and Tubu.
Apart from in their homeland of North Darfur, Midob speakers also live in the Khartoum area and Jezirat Aba.
It is classified as a Dardic Language.
It has lost the nominal affix system characteristic of the Niger–Congo family.
Tulishi is a Kadu language spoken in Kordofan.
The New Testament has been translated into Hadiyya, published by the Bible Society of Ethiopia in 1993.
It is only known from a few dozen words from one Kariri-Xoco elder and three Xukuru-Kariri elders in 1961.
"American Samoan Sign Language" may just be American Sign Language as used in American Samoa.
Konomihu is an extinct Shastan language formerly spoken in northern California.
Iquito is a highly endangered Zaparoan language of Peru.
The two dialects, Rawa and Karo, are on opposite sides of the Finisterre Range.
According to Ethnologue, seven varieties of Romani are divergent enough to be considered languages of their own.
Iyive, also referred to as Uive, Yiive, Ndir, Asumbos, is a severely endangered Bantoid language spoken in Nigeria and Cameroon.
Apma is increasingly mixed with words and expressions from Bislama, Vanuatu's national language.
SASL interpreters can apply for accreditation without having completed any formal training in SASL.
In Sweden, Scandoromani is referred to as resande rommani or svensk rommani, while in Norway the same language is known as norsk romani.
There is only 15 - 30 native speakers left worldwide.
Eastern Middle Atlas Berber is a cluster of Berber dialects spoken in the eastern and north-eastern parts of the Middle Atlas, in Morocco.
Karankawa has sometimes been included with neighboring languages in a Coahuiltecan family, but that is now thought to be spurious.
Padaung or Padaung Karen, also known as Kayan, is a Karen language of Burma, spoken by the Kayan people.
Before that, an Arabic-based alphabet was used together with the Latin.
Kamchadal languages, though traditionally considered dialects, were apparently distinct enough to be classified as separate languages.
The varieties are commonly known as patois.
Laya is a variety of Dzongkha, the national language of Bhutan.
The Lisan al-Gharbi was the official language of the Barghawata Confederacy, and the idiom used in Salih ibn Tarif's "indigenous Qur'an".
It is spoken by the Xerente people in the Tocantins region between Rio do Sono and Rio Tocantins.
'Baramu' is the name of a place/ village in the Middle Fly District of the Western Province of Papua New Guinea.
The Serrano language is a language in the Serran branch of the Uto-Aztecan family spoken by the Serrano people of Southern California.
Santería practicioners claim that spirit possession in Cuba shows that it manifested in the devotee at a Cuban orisa ceremony speaking in Bozal.
As such, it enjoys some loose stimulation from the part of the government.
According to rumors, they were first part of Swedish King Charles XII's Romani orchestra which he, after spending a winter in Laiuse, left behind.
Maho considers Boma, B.821 Mpe, and B.822 Nunu to be closely related languages.
An extinct variety, Kurikuria(r)í, named after the Curicuriari River, was a distinct language sociolinguistically, but at least partially intelligible with Dâw.
Deori is a Sino-Tibetan language spoken by the Deori people of Assam and Arunachal Pradesh.
Shtokavian is spoken in Serbia, Montenegro, Bosnia and Herzegovina, much of Croatia, as well as the southern part of Austria’s Burgenland.
Maynas, also known as Rimachu, is an extinct and unclassified language of Peru.
Middle-aged adults have some understanding of it, but no children speak or understand Abom.
It is officially referred to in China as the "Tajik language", although it is different from the language spoken in Tajikistan.
The Futop language, Efutop, is an Ekoid language of Nigeria.
Kembra is an unclassified Papuan language spoken in Western New Guinea by some twenty persons.
Chipaya has been influenced considerably by Aymara, Quechua, and more recently, Spanish, with a third of its vocabulary having been replaced by those languages.
Central Asian Arabic is a variety of Arabic spoken in Afghanistan, Tajikistan, and Uzbekistan, and currently facing extinction.
It is one of the Mzab–Wargla languages.
Lastra classifies it as a southwestern dialect along with the dialects of Mexico state.
Nkongho, or Upper Mbo, is a poorly known Bantu language of Cameroon.
The Paeligni or Peligni were an Italic tribe who lived in the Valle Peligna, in what is now Abruzzo, central Italy.
It is one of several languages which goes by the generic name Baré.
Ehuẹun is an Edoid language of Ondo State, Nigeria.
I would be alone in my vessel
Embu, also known as Kîembu, is a Bantu language of Kenya.
Although the island is quite large, the total number of speakers of Erromango is estimated at around 1900.
Ata is a Manobo language of northeastern Mindanao of the Philippines.
The Dongjia people are officially classified as She, but speak a West Hmongic language.
By the late Roman Republic, Old Latin had been standardised into Classical Latin.
Puxian, also known as Pu-Xian Chinese, Puxian Min, Xinghua or Hinghwa, is a branch of Min Chinese.
Yes/no questions are indicated with an intonation contour rather than alterations in word order.
The nearest city to their region is Bonga.
2000, and the first dedicated school, in Paro, was approved in 2013.
Ayamaru dialect is spoken in the many villages around the Ayamaru Lakes.
Lavukaleve is one of the four Central Solomons languages of the Solomon Islands.
Inoke, or Yate, is a Papuan language spoken in Eastern Highlands Province, Papua New Guinea.
It is also known as Jiang–Huai Mandarin, after the Yangtze and Huai Rivers.
In 2006, a dictionary project was started to standardize Rwandan Sign Language, published in 2009.
Middle Chakavian is a subdialect of the Chakavian dialect of Serbo-Croatian.
Ngaro is an extinct Australian Aboriginal language of Queensland.
Butam is a possibly extinct Papuan language spoken in East New Britain Province on the island of New Britain, Papua New Guinea.
The New Testament has been translated into the Murle language.
Rapting is a Madang language of Papua New Guinea.
Anderbeck & Aprilani consider Nasal to be an isolate within the Malayo-Polynesian branch.
Murupi is a Madang language of Papua New Guinea.
In Middle Tamil, this usage evolved into a present tense marker – kiṉṟa – which combined the old aspect and time markers.
Bezhta is unwritten, but various attempts have been made to develop an official orthography for the language.
Yami, also known as Tao, is a Malayo-Polynesian language.
Wencheng dialect is a dialect of Wu Chinese.
Previous indigenous cultures had lived in the area for thousands of years.
Kare is a Madang language of Papua New Guinea.
The Basque language is spoken by 28.4% of Basques in all territories.
Ligbi is a Mande language spoken in Ghana in the north-west corner of the Brong-Ahafo Region.
Gbeya is a Gbaya language of the Central African Republic.
It is spoken in several villages, and the two major villages are Jadang and Nilang in the Harsil sub-division of the Uttarkashi District.
Dialects of the two moieties are Yirritjing: Wurlaki, Djardiwitjibi, Mildjingi, Balmbi, and Djuwing: Marrangu, Murrungun, Manyarring.
A local creole gradually emerged, which became ISL.
The total population of Nishi speakers as per 1997 database is 261,000 including 37,300 Tagins.
It is spoken in Italy and France.
Tonal patterns in Bariba have been claimed to present a challenge to the Two-Feature Model of tonal phonology.
Some communities live in the villages of Zumand and Kůkteppa and in Dushanbe or in its vicinity.
In the early 20th century, a standard form based on the Beijing dialect, with elements from other Mandarin dialects, was adopted as the national language.
Koihoma, also known ambiguously as Coto and Orejone, neither its actual name, is an extinct Witotoan language of Peru.
Southern Va: spoken in Zhenglong Administrative Village 正龙村, Jingxing Township 景星乡, Mojiang County, Yunnan, China.
The Hōnichi dialect is a group of the Japanese dialects spoken in eastern Kyushu.
Tây Bồi is remarkably close to the stereotypical "broken" French spoken by foreign characters, such as in comics.
Ra’ong is spoken in Ou Am village, Srae Khtum commune, Kaev Seima District, Mondulkiri Province, Cambodia.
Kwegu is a Nilo-Saharan Eastern Sudanic language, spoken in the Southwest of Ethiopia, on the west bank of the Omo River.
In 2001 there were approximately 8,000 speakers.
Khwe is a dialect continuum of the Khoe family of Namibia, Angola, Botswana, South Africa, and parts of Zambia, with some 8,000 speakers.
It is considered to be a Taihu Wu linguistic exclave within the mostly Min Nan-speaking part of Southern Zhejiang.
It shares much vocabulary with the neighboring Leti language.
Neverver has a confident outlook, as sixty percent of the children are able to speak this language.
It came into being in the Slave Trade Years.
Below is a brief account of the different linguistic levels of the dialect.
North Babar is an Austronesian language spoken on the north coast of Babar Island in South Maluku, Indonesia.
The dialects on the west coast of Schleswig and some islands show some North Frisian influences.
The terms may also indicate the speakers of these languages.
There are no longer any speakers of the language, although the oldest people can remember a few words.
Self-denomination of Curonians, kure, according to Saks, means 'crane' in Estonian.
Lebanese SL: لغة الإشارات اللبنانية Lughat al-Ishārāt al-Lubnāniyyah
Arbore is an Afro-Asiatic language spoken in southern Ethiopia in a few settlements of Hamer woreda near Lake Chew Bahir.
There had been, moreover, continuous input from Swedish Sign Language over its history.
It is also known as Djakun, Jakoon, Jaku’d, Jakud’n or Orang Hulu.
It is spoken natively within indigenous Sipakapense communities, primarily based in the Guatemalan municipality of Sipacapa, department of San Marcos.
It is one of several closely related languages called Ingarikó and Kapong.
During the colonial era, K’iche’ migrated to Sacatepéquez, in the heart of Kaqchikel territory, where they founded the village of Santa María Cauque.
Amongst then are ejectives, implosives and contrastive voiceless sonorants.
Some pieces of literature and a recent translation of the Gospels are available.
Noy, or Loo, is a nearly extinct language of Chad.
Lalana-Tepinapa Chinantec is a Chinantecan language of Mexico, spoken in 30 towns in a remote region along the Oaxaca–Veracruz border.
It was restructured through contact with neighboring Papuan languages, and it turn influencing them, before speakers shifted to those languages.
Varieties are Bisu proper and Laomian, considered by Pelkey to be distinct languages.
As a result, the development of modern written Norwegian has been subject to strong controversy related to nationalism, rural versus urban discourse, and Norway's literary history.
The last known inscription in Meroitic Cursive script dates to the 5th century CE.
The Bagri language has a very high 65% lexical similarity with Haryanvi.
Mazagway is a Chadic language spoken in Cameroon in North Province and Far North Province.
Along with Latin and Greek, Syriac became one of "the three most important Christian languages in the early centuries" of the Christian Era.
Larevat is an Oceanic language of central Malekula, Vanuatu.
It should not be confused with Tai Lü.
It is an Afro-Asiatic language, in the Biu–Mandara branch of Chadic family.
Ndasa is a Bantu language spoken in Gabon and the Congo.
With over three million speakers, it is one of the major languages of Uganda, after English, Swahili, and Luganda.
Digor or Digorian is a dialect of the Ossetian language.
It has now been shown to be linguistically close to Awngi, and it should be classified as a dialect of that language.
It draws its vocabulary from French, Italian, Spanish, English, German, and Russian, and is largely intelligible to those who have studied Esperanto.
The language is also often referred to as Ilonggo in Iloilo and Negros Occidental.
The precise genetic affiliation of Damu remains unclear.
Bum is a Grassfields Bantu language of Cameroon.
The Kamkata-vari language is spoken by the Kata, Kom, Mumo, Ksto and some smaller Black-Robed tribes in parts of Afghanistan and Pakistan.
The Saskatchewan communities of Fond-du-Lac, Black Lake, Wollaston Lake  and La Loche are among these.
Matisoff split it into four separate languages, and, conservatively, did not retain it as a group.
It is spoken in eastern Liberia, primarily in Grand Gedeh County and Sinoe County, by the Sapo people.
A smaller number speak Leti as their mother tongue.
It has been influenced by one or more of the Banda languages.
Flemish Sign Language is the deaf sign language of Belgium, a country in Western Europe.
Cypriot Greek is the variety of Modern Greek that is spoken by the majority of the Cypriot populace and Greek Cypriot diaspora.
It was first known in the west via the Vagciriku, who had migrated from the main Vamanyo area and spoke Rugciriku, a dialect of Rumanyo.
Langet may be a dialect, though its position within Kukish is uncertain.
Thai Sign Language is related to American Sign Language, and belongs to the same language family as ASL.
Sukur is a Biu–Mandara language of Nigeria.
There is also a small Vivaro-Alpine enclave in the Guardia Piemontese, Calabria, where the language is known as gardiòl.
The etymology for the nomenclature "Chorotega" in this case would come from the Nahuatl language where "Cholōltēcah" means "inhabitants of Cholula", or "people who have fled".
Penchal is an Oceanic language of Manus Province, Papua New Guinea.
All children under 17 attending Engela were moved to Eluwa, and took their language with them.
Molima is an Austronesian language spoken in the D'Entrecasteaux Islands of Papua New Guinea.
It was once considered a dialect of Hawu, but is not mutually intelligible.
Lala is a Bantu language of South Africa, claimed to be extinct in some sources.
Dialects of it were spoken, though not exclusively, in the area today occupied by Belarus, central and northern Ukraine, and parts of western Russia.
He originally came from Fort Halkett on the Liard River in what is now the southern Yukon Territory.
Matuumbi, also known as Kimatumbi, is a language spoken in Tanzania in the Kipatimu region of the Kilwa District, south of the Rufiji river.
Kuri, or Nabi, is a small Austronesian language of the Bomberai Peninsula of New Guinea.
There are small diaspora groups of Tuvan people that speak distinct dialects of Tuvan in the People's Republic of China and in Mongolia.
Other than Dogoso, is distant from other languages
This tribal language is the member of west Tibeto-Burman language family in the Himalayan region of Uttaranchal.
The name Betawi stems from Batavia, the official name of Jakarta during the era of the Dutch East Indies.
A similar Southwestern Tai language called Padi [pa31 zi31] is spoken in Mường Khương District, Lao Cai Province.
They are reduced in number and possibly vanishing as a distinct group.
Wiyot is an extinct Algic language, formerly spoken by the Wiyot people of Humboldt Bay, California.
Batu is a Tivoid language of Nigeria.
The sequences /bu, pu, mbu, mpu/ have trilled allophones [ʙu, ʙ̥u, mʙu, mʙ̥u] in stressed position.
Malaysian is a standardised register of the Johore-Riau dialect of Malay.
However, they are not known or identified by the term Kaonde but rather by the term Luba.
Bishnupriya Manipuri is written with the Bengali alphabet.
It is still spoken on the Menominee Nation lands in northern Wisconsin in the United States.
New genres of vernacular literature were based on this language, including verse, drama and story forms, such as the qu and sanqu.
Woro, also rendered Orlo, is a Central Sudanic language of South Sudan.
Wahgi is a Trans–New Guinea language of the Chimbu–Wahgi branch spoken by approximately 100,000 people in the highlands of Papua New Guinea.
The Meru people are a fairly homogeneous community and all share a common ancestry.
It is by far the largest of the Tivoid languages, a group of languages belonging to the Southern Bantoid branch of Benue–Congo.
It is the most widely spoken of the three Frisian languages.
It is a living language with 58,600 speakers in 1998, of which 48,500 lived in Guatemala and the remaining in Mexico.
Gogate says that his project is related to, but independent from, English.
An audio recording in this language by Michel Ferlus is available online from the Pangloss Collection.
According to the Australian Indigenous Languages Database, there were two "full speakers" living in 2008.
Kamuku is a Kainji language of Nigeria.
In antiquity, the Hejaz was home to the Old Higazi dialect of Arabic.
Horom is a Plateau language of Nigeria.
Sinasina is a language of Simbu Province, Papua New Guinea.
Like several languages in the area, it is often referred to as Gogo Mini 'good speech'.
Tlapanec  is an indigenous Mexican language spoken by more than 98,000 Tlapanec people in the state of Guerrero.
The actual population may be somewhat higher.
Middle Greenlandic is the period in the history of the Greenlandic language between the 18th and 19th centuries.
A dictionary has been developed along with grammar rules and bible portions.
Kenzi, also known as Mattokki, is a Nubian language of Egypt.
"Pear" is a pejorative term for the historical slave caste of the Khmer, but nonetheless is the usual term in the literature.
Animere is an endangered language which is no longer being passed on to children; the speaker count is approximately 30.
Pronouns seem to tie Bunak more closely to the Alor–Pantar languages, in a group Ross calls "West Timor", than with the Papuan East Timor languages.
It's spoken on the east side of Geelvink Bay, in a single village which has a majority of Ansus speakers.
Songola, or North Binja, is a minor Bantu language of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Tana Toraja is an area that was formerly the territory Kedatuan Old Luwu.
In 1920, during Rana regime in Nepal, the term "Nepal" which resembled the Nepal Mandala was taken from its people.
The Pogoro are an ethnic and linguistic peoples based in Iringa Region and Morogoro Region, Tanzania.
For example, Old Gujarati's instrumental-locative singular in -i was leveled and eliminated, having become the same as Old Gujarati's nominative/accusative singular in -ə.
The grammar of Old Saxon was fully inflected with five grammatical cases, three grammatical numbers and three grammatical genders.
This was the language of the historic Sultanate of Maguindanao, which existed before and during the Spanish colonial period from 1500–1888.
Before much information was known about it, Tlapanec was either considered unclassified or linked to the controversial Hokan language family.
Sangsari is included in the Semnani group of Northwestern Iranian languages that also includes Lasgerdi, Semnani, and Sorkhei.
It is part of a dialect continuum that includes Rongmei and Liangmei.
Pévé, also called Lamé after its chief dialect, is an Afro-Asiatic language of Chad and Cameroon.
Like the other Gbe languages, Fon is an analytic language with an SVO basic word order.
There are noted dialects of Stieng, some of which may not be mutually intelligible.
Iwaidja, in phonemic spelling Iwaja, is an Australian aboriginal language with about 150 speakers in northernmost Australia.
However, he argues that the dialect of Wan'an township, in the northern part of Xinluo district, is a coastal Min variety separate from all of these.
Maiwa, also known as Masenrempulu, is a language spoken by around 50,000 people in South Sulawesi, Indonesia.
There is nothing new; and you, how are you ?
That was followed by Tunica Texts in 1950 and Tunica Dictionary in 1953.
Bagvalal has been suffering severe problems and is in serious danger of extinction.
Mualang is a Ibanic Dayak language of Borneo.
The Alangan language is a language spoken by Mangyans in the province of Mindoro in the Philippines.
Marrithiyel, also known as Berringen is an Australian Aboriginal language spoken by the Marrithiyal people.
The Wala language, or Langalanga, is a language of the Solomon Islands.
Austrian Sign Language, or Österreichische Gebärdensprache, is the sign language used by the Austrian Deaf community—approximately 10,000 people.
Inuktitut-English Pidgin was an Inuit pidgin used as a contact language in Quebec, Labrador, and neighboring areas of the eastern Arctic.
Arikara is very close to the Pawnee language, but they are not mutually intelligible.
It has been classified as one of the Gujarati languages, and the Ethnologue reports that the closest language is Koli.
Barasana and Eduria are often considered separate languages by the individuals of these groups and allow each other to intermarry.
Amarakaeri speakers include the Kochimberi, Küpondirideri, Wíntaperi, Wakitaneri, and Kareneri gold panning tribes.
It also has a nasal glottal approximant.
Chamorro is an Austronesian language spoken by about 47,000 people.
Scholarly sources tend simply to call it Persian Kurdistani Jewish Neo-Aramaic.
A Umatilla person is called imatalamłá and the Umatilla people are called imatalamłáma.
Camorta is a Nicobarese language spoken in the central Nicobar Islands.
Babine is spoken around Babine Lake, Trembleur Lake, and Takla Lake.
The Gutians lived in the territory between the Zagros and the Tigris in present-day Iranian and Iraqi Kurdistan.
They are mutually intelligible according to a comparison of 234 words, among which 94.87 cognates were found.
It is not an official language of South Africa.
It has five dialects: Bili, Bubanda, Mpaka, Galaba, and Kaga.
Speakers had shifted to Arabic by the late 20th century.
Bislama is the most widely used language within this region.
Manza is a Ubangian language spoken by the Mandja people of the Central African Republic.
Petats is an Austronesian language spoken by a few thousand persons in Papua New Guinea.
According to the Anong Cultural and Literature Committee in Myanmar Naw Pha used to be a big clan consisting at least 23 family groups.
Maring, or Yoadabe-Watoare, is a Trans–New Guinea language of the Chimbu–Wahgi branch spoken in the highlands of Papua New Guinea.
Many individuals from Komo are multilingual because they are in close proximity to Mao, Kwama and Oromo speakers.
It was spoken in Caucasian Albania, which stretched from current day south Dagestan to Azerbaijan.
Masimasi is a nearly extinct Austronesian language spoken on an offshore island of Papua, Indonesia.
Xârâgurè is an Oceanic language of New Caledonia.
Both its tone and stress are lexically distinctive.
The descendents of the Kullili speakers mostly live in Brisbane, Cherbourg, and small New South Wales and Queensland towns such as Bourke, Thargomindah, Cunnamulla, and Charleville.
Tamahaq is the only known Northern Tuareg language spoken in Algeria, western Libya and northern Niger.
Stad is a Germanic term for "city" or "town", seen in English place names such as "Hempstead".
Riantana, or Kimaam, is a language spoken on Yos Sudarso Island in Papua province, Indonesia.
The terms Walser and Walliser are geographic; there is no linguistic divide.
Forest Nenets is a Samoyedic language spoken in northern Russia, around the Agan, Pur, Lyamin and Nadym rivers, by the Nenets people.
In common with other Bantu languages, Kiga has a noun class system in which prefixes on nouns mark membership of one of the noun genders.
Increasingly, speakers of Arawan languages, particularly Paumarí are beginning to speak Portuguese.
Vietnamese has also been officially recognized as a minority language in the Czech Republic.
A community of fifty families of basket-weavers live in Kundapura Taluk in coastal Karnataka.
Yabarana dialect is perhaps extinct; 20 speakers were known in 1977.
As such, they are very closely aligned phonologically.
It has a binary way of counting numbers.
Indri is a Ubangian language of South Sudan.
Pronunciation also carries influences from colonial, Native American, and English sources.
American Indian Pidgin English — is an English-based pidgin spoken by Native Americans in the United States.
During the 16th century there was moreover a strong Dutch immigration.
French Sign Language is the sign language of the deaf in France and French-speaking parts of Switzerland.
Hinton put a conservative estimate of the number of speakers at 150, and a liberal estimate at 400-500.
It forms a dialect cluster with Ngadha.
Kanamarí, or Katukina-Kanamari, is a Katukinian language spoken by about 650 individuals in Amazonas, Brazil.
Yamdena is an Austronesian language of the Maluku Islands in Indonesia.
Xingú Asuriní is a Tupi–Guaraní language of the state of Pará, in the Amazon region of Brazil.
The Purikpa live south of the Balti in Ladakh.
The last fluent speaker in the United States, Edward Thompson, of the Delaware Tribe of Indians, died on 31 August 2002.
There may have been a third, Playano dialect, as suggested by mention of such a subdivision of the people, but nothing is known of them linguistically.
Avestan's status as a sacred language has ensured its continuing use for new compositions long after the language had ceased to be a living language.
Meax is a Papuan language on the north coast of Papua, Indonesia.
Bokmål is regulated by the governmental Norwegian Language Council.
It is spoken by the Lezgins, who live in southern Dagestan and northern Azerbaijan.
Dikaka is one of the Savanna languages of eastern Nigeria.
North Upper Saxon is a Central German dialect spoken in Eastern Germany.
Besides, information about Ishkashimi language is limited due to the lack of extensive and systematic research and the lack of a written system.
There is a large VSL dictionary published by the Federación Venezolana de Sordos.
Another way in which Atikamekw is distinctive among dialects of Cree is in having many loanwords from the Anishinaabe language.
It is very closely related to the extinct Unami Delaware, but the two are sufficiently different that they are considered separate languages.
Although it appears most closely related to the South Huon Gulf languages, it is the most conservative member of its subgroup.
Nonetheless, today there is a developing revival of the use of the language.
As of a 2001 census, the estimated total number of Thadou speakers is 269,200.
Arinua is a Torricelli language of Papua New Guinea.
It became extinct during the late 17th century or early 18th century.
It is one of several such languages to go by the name Muji.
It was last spoken by members located primarily in Oklahoma, United States and Quebec, Canada.
Its most salient feature is its diphthongization.
The Amurdag language was featured in Language Matters with Bob Holman, a 2015 PBS documentary about endangered languages.
Egyptian culture declined and disappeared nearly two thousand years ago; hieroglyphs were somewhat of a mystery due to this.
Jiao–Liao Mandarin is also called Lai, for the state of Lai and its people who lived on the Jiao–Liao Peninsulas.
During the late 17th century and early 18th century, Guale society was shattered by extensive epidemics of new infectious diseases and attacks by other tribes.
80% of speakers speak the principal dialect, Biakpan.
Pendau, or Umalasa, is a Celebic language of Sulawesi in Indonesia.
Other sources give much lower figures, such as Ethnologue with the figure 1,870 and the latest population census of Russia with the figure 1,872.
The Yorkshire dialect is a Northern English language variety spoken in England's historic county of Yorkshire.
The original territory of the Southern Sierra Miwok people is similar to modern day Mariposa County, California.
The speakers live in parts of the autonomous province of Vojvodina in Serbia as well as in southern parts of Hungary.
The two extant languages of the Moxo people, Trinitario and Ignaciano, are as distinct from one another as they are from neighboring Arawakan languages.
Tulua may be another name for the same language; they are treated as such by Terrill.
It had one speaker left in 1981.
Younger generations do not understand Principense or do not value it, leading to the fast decline of the creole.
It is currently spoken as a first language by a few dozen elders and some adults in the Umatilla Reservation in Oregon.
Of these, 93.2% are in the Spanish area of the Basque Country and the remaining 6.8% are in the French portion.
Speakers have largely shifted to the closely related language Kwanja, and Twendi has not been passed down to children for decades.
It is mainly spoken by Muduga tribes in the Attappady valley south of the Nilgiris in Palakkad district, Kerala.
The Palaung people are divided into Palé, Rumai, and Shwe, and each of these has their own language.
Ents are not hasty creatures; they take their time.
It is more distantly related to its western neighbour Jingulu, and three languages of the Victoria River District, Jaminjung, Ngaliwurru and Nungali.
There are considerable differences among varieties, and some are mutually unintelligible.
The Nyanga language is a language spoken by the Nyanga people in Kivu province, north-eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The plural second-person pronoun and verb forms are used referring to a single person out of respect.
All households own at least one female dzo, which is a cross between a cow and a yak.
Jamtlandic cannot be uniquely defined belonging to either of these groups.
It is a somewhat standardized language based informally on the variety of Kathmandu, with lesser input from varieties of Pokhara and elsewhere.
Allentiac, also known as Huarpe, was one of two known Warpean languages.
It has adopted neologisms to coin new terms from already existing words or phrases and introduce them into the Pashto lexicon.
BIM has many dialects, differing from state to state.
The Gaddang tongue has been vanishing from daily and public life over the past half-century.
Narangga is an extinct Australian Aboriginal language formerly spoken by the Narungga people in Yorke Peninsula, South Australia.
Most Negritos or commonly called as Agta or Aeta today are fluent in Rinconada Bikol though with a different variation.
Ndonga, also called Oshindonga, is a Bantu language spoken in Namibia and parts of Angola.
Sowa was originally spoken on both western and eastern sides of Pentecost.
Loosduinen dialect is a dialect of Dutch spoken in the Loosduinen district of The Hague.
Kapingamarangi is a Polynesian language spoken in the Federated States of Micronesia.
Dialects are Sawila proper, Lona, Salimana, Lalamana, Sileba.
It is estimated that 250 individuals speak the language, many of whom also speak Piapoco or Spanish.
There are speakers of Javanese in Malaysia and Singapore.
It was first reported online by Roger Blench,[1] who reports that it is "clearly related to Nanga", which is only known from one report from 1953.
According to Mao, Younuo is most closely related to Pa-Hng, and forms a branch with it.
The Haida sound system includes ejective consonants, glottalized sonorants, contrastive vowel length, and phonemic tone.
Ossetian speakers number about 577,450, with 451,000 speakers in the Russian Federation recorded in the 2010 census.
Since 1987, it has been one of New Zealand's official languages.
Colas created a nearly complete grammar, but did not create a new vocabulary.
In communities of Guam, Hawaii and some other parts of the US.
There are three dialects—Pulopetak, Ba'amang, and Mantangai.
Dara, also known as Gbaya-Dara, is a Central Sudanic language of South Sudan.
Similar communities have survived in Sicily, speaking "Gallo-italici di Sicilia" dialects.
It is an Austronesian language of Sulawesi, Indonesia, and one of the languages of the ten tribes that inhabit Tana Luwu, South Sulawesi.
Like most other Bantu languages, Xhosa is a tonal language; the same sequence of consonants and vowels can have different meanings, depending on intonation.
Fantse is one of the three formal literary dialects of the Akan language.
In addition, it is a recognized minority language in Montenegro, Croatia, Macedonia, Romania, Hungary, Slovakia, and the Czech Republic.
It is spoken by the Topoke people of the Tshopo District, Isangi Territory, in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Also, it is written in ASCII Latin alphabet mainly online and in SMSs.
The language's 14,000 speakers live in 300 villages in the Goilala District.
Lao, also sometimes referred to as Laotian is a tonal language of the Tai–Kadai language family.
The closest relatives of Eyak are the Athabaskan languages.
Wujiao 物角村, Jiuzhaigou County 九寨沟县, Ngawa Tibetan and Qiang Autonomous Prefecture, Sichuan 四川
Pannei is an Austronesian language of Sulawesi, Indonesia.
Important works include Joanot Martorell's chivalric romance Tirant lo Blanch, and Ausiàs March's poetry.
It is spoken primarily in the southern part of Ethiopia by the Hamer, Banna people, and Karo peoples.
The dialect in modern Tokyo is often considered to be Standard Japanese, but they differ in a number of areas and social classes.
Younger people speak Chamorro instead of Tanapag, but there are also efforts being made to promote the language.
Dialect clusters reflect the four Wailaki-speaking peoples, the Sinkyone, Wailaki, Nongatl, and Lassik, of the Eel River confederation.
Aloápam Zapotec is a Zapotec language of Oaxaca, Mexico.
As of 2012, a Luiseño video game for the Nintendo DS is being used to teach the language to young people.
Meanwhile, the Iberogan sometimes refer to their language as Tagdal.
Today, linguists have reached the conclusion that Yakthungpan resembles Tibetan and Lepcha.
Kwangwa is a Bantu language of Zambia.
It was not a distinct language, and was indistinguishable from the Occitan spoken by non-Jews.
There are approximately 110 million Persian speakers worldwide, with the language holding official status in Iran, Afghanistan, and Tajikistan.
Cameroonian Pidgin English, or Cameroonian Creole, is a language variety of Cameroon.
It is spoken by approximate 1,500 speakers in Mường Tè District, Lai Châu Province, Vietnam.
It is unclear if Gundi, Ganzi and Massa, are mutually intelligible with Baka proper.
The nouns decline according to their final segments.
Krobu is a Tano language of Ivory Coast.
A popular urban legend has it that two Saga-ben speakers met up in Tokyo and bystanders mistook their dialect for Chinese.
Ruund, also known as Northern Lunda or Uruund, is a Bantu language of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Angola.
This area includes Majenang, Cilacap, Gombong, Kebumen, Banjarnegara, Purbalingga, Purwokerto, Bumiayu, Slawi, Pemalang, Tegal, and Brebes regencies.
Spoken by the Kumam people of Uganda.
Yang covers the Woni dialect of Leda village 勒达村, Xinping County.
Also, together with the Elgon languages, Terik shows a sound change *l > n which is not shared by other Kalenjin varieties.
The Macorix people appear to have been semi-sedentary and their presence seems to have predated the agricultural Taino who came to occupied much of the island.
Toposa is a Nilo-Saharan language spoken in South Sudan by the Toposa people.
Dongotono is an Eastern Nilotic language spoken by an estimated 5,000 people in South Sudan.
Sign language is used by at least some of the deaf population of Oman.
Several ethnic-Itneg dialects are taxonomically part of the neighboring Kalinga language.
Barsoomian is the constructed language of the fictional Barsoomians, the sapient humanoid inhabitants of Mars in the Barsoom series of novels by Edgar Rice Burroughs.
Gao is an endangered Oceanic language spoken in the Solomon Islands.
Atruahí is a Cariban language of Brazil.
Chitwania Tharu is spoken by approximately 250,000 speakers east of the Gandaki River, in and around the Chitwan Valley.
Three partial speakers were known in 1965, but in 1981 no speakers could be found.
Baham is a Papuan language spoken on the Bomberai Peninsula.
Wambon is a Papuan language of Papua, Indonesia.
Even among native speakers of the language, they use primarily Mandarin or Bunun in their daily lives.
Moraid is a Papuan language of the Bird's Head Peninsula of New Guinea.
Borujerdi is more similar to Northern Luri than the Persian, spoken in other parts of Lorestan, being in some aspects is completely different.
In addition there is a larger number of Riffian migrant communities in Western Europe.
It is the prestige variety of the Masenrempulu languages.
Taupota is an Oceanic language of the Milne Bay Province, Papua New Guinea.
However, according to Roger Blench, Seme bears little resemblance to Kru.
The people who speak this language call it Beria, from Beri, the endonym of the Zaghawa people, and a, Zaghawa for "mouth".
The language is based on the most common word expressions from several Romance languages.
Wuthati is an extinct Paman language formerly spoken on the Cape York Peninsula of Queensland, Australia, by the Wuthati people.
Keninjal is a Malayic Dayak language of Borneo.
The widely reported figure of 600 is probably an overestimate, since not everybody in the Ske area is fluent in the language.
Niuatoputapu was the indigenous language of Niuatoputapu, Tonga.
Speakers are thought to be descendants of people from Tuvalu.
Until perhaps Anita Pfouts, it was considered a dialect of Nyaneka.
Tanguat is a Ramu language of Papua New Guinea.
Yatee Zapotec and Lachirioag Zapotec are dialects of a Zapotec language of Oaxaca, Mexico.
A list of Caucasian Albanian month names, which survived in a number of medieval manuscripts, gave one of the clues to the language.
It is also known as Aranatan and Eranadans.
It is part of the Gǁana dialect cluster, and is closely related to Naro.
Romagnol is a Romance language that descended from Vulgar Latin.
Tungag, or Lavongai, is an Austronesian language of New Ireland Province, Papua New Guinea.
The development of cursive versions of Aramaic led to the creation of the Palmyrene alphabet.
Hittite-speakers conquered Hattus from Kanesh to its south in the 18th century BC.
In comparison, the North Bolivian dialect has roughly 116,000 speakers.
The group has long been multilingual, and uses Nihali as a more or less secret language which is not ordinarily revealed to outsiders.
It also has semi-official status in the commune of Alghero These territories are often called Catalan Countries.
Minyanka is one of the national languages of Mali.
Abau is a Papuan language spoken in the Sandaun Province of Papua New Guinea, primarily along the shores of the Sepik River.
Busam is a Grassfields language of Cameroon.
The language has borrowed from the neighboring Uto-Aztecan, Maiduan and Miwokan languages and is connected to both the Great Basin and California sprachbunds.
Most research on Munya has been conducted by Ikeda Takumi.
The language remains the primary language in 88% of households in Isan.
It is most closely related to Yaeyama.
Efforts at documentation of Chukchansi have also been attempted using the Phraselator, a handheld recording device developed for military purposes.
Engdewu, is one of two Reefs – Santa Cruz languages spoken on Nendö Island.
The representative Phola dialect studied in Pelkey is that of Luodie 罗垤, Wadie Township 洼垤乡, Yuanjiang County.
The Okinoerabu dialect cluster, also Oki-no-Erabu, is a dialect cluster spoken on Okinoerabu Island, Kagoshima Prefecture of southwestern Japan.
As of 1983, there were 200 speakers of the language.
It features a pentadecimal numeral system: ngui means 15, ngui ki means 15×2 = 30, and ngui ngui means 15×15 = 225.
It is one of several native languages of Orang Laut of the Bangka and Belitung islands in Indonesia, and may be two distinct languages.
Joseph Greenberg counted it as a distinct branch, G10, of his Adamawa family.
Nomane is a Trans–New Guinea language of Chimbu Province, Papua New Guinea.
Fewer numbers of Kaonde speakers live in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Bagvalal pupils are taught in Avar in primary school, and in secondary school they are taught in Russian.
The Kamba language has lexical similarities to other Bantu languages such as Kikuyu, Meru and Embu.
Many are middle-aged, third-generation speakers who take a very positive attitude towards the language, as opposed to their parents and grandparents.
The language belongs to the Gur family which is part of the Niger–Congo language family, which covers most of Sub-Saharan Africa.
Chug is also spoken in Duhumbi village, and Lish is also spoken in Khispi village.
Dialects are Southern Pa’o and Northern Pa’o.
Specifically, it is spoken in 3 villages located in the Eastern Highlands Province, in the Wonenara District of Papua New Guinea.
The Darkhad dialect in Mongolia's Khövsgöl Province has variously been classified as Oirat, Mongolian proper, or Buryat.
The dialect of Ancona, to which the dialects of Osimo, Jesi and Fabriano also belong;
Yimchungrü is severely endangered, meaning it is a language at a very high risk of extinction this century.
The Kuot language, or Panaras, is a language isolate, the only non-Austronesian language spoken on the island of New Ireland, Papua New Guinea.
Grass Koiari is a language of Papua New Guinea.
Taje, or Petapa, is a Celebic language of Sulawesi in Indonesia.
Kölsch is one of the very few city dialects in Germany, besides for example the dialect spoken in Berlin.
Its closest linguistic relatives are Hunzib and Khwarshi.
Binja dialect is primarily spoken in Orientale Province and Aketi Territory, and shares about three-quarters of its linguistic characteristics with standard Ngombe.
Although considered dialects, intelligibility between them is difficult, and not much better than with neighboring languages.
The Mandi language, Nomaande, is a Southern Bantoid language of Cameroon.
Maho lists Ibutu as a distinct language.
Kyenga, is a Mande language of Nigeria and Benin.
Kugu-Muminh, also known as Kugu- or Wik-Nganhcara, is a Paman language spoken on the Cape York Peninsula of Queensland, Australia, by several of the Wik peoples.
Ono is a Papuan language spoken in Morobe Province, Papua New Guinea.
Wik-Ngatharr, or Wik-Alken, is a Paman language spoken on the Cape York Peninsula of Queensland, Australia, by the Wik-Ngatharr people.
Most of the Beni Snous have shifted to the Arabic language.
There is a strong language movement in West Bengal.
Tsonga is a southern African Bantu language spoken by the Tsonga people.
A grammar of the language by linguist Ron Beaumont was published in 1985.
Kpan is a Jukunoid language of Nigeria.
Adherence is obligatory not for everyday use but for government institutions including schools.
It is the second most spoken language in Maguindanao after the Maguindanao language.
The 2002 Census counted 3,180 ethnic Itelmen, virtually all of whom are now monolingual in Russian.
Lole and Ba'a are a Central Malayo-Polynesian language of Roti Island, off Timor, Indonesia.
According to the 2007 Ethiopian census, it is spoken by 25,810 people.
The number of speakers of Phong-Kniang is estimated at 1,000.
The Nyadu’ language, Benyadu’, is a Dayak language of Borneo.
It is often referred to as 'Mailu' as one of the major villages speaking this language is the village of that name on Mailu Island.
Selkup language is the language of the Selkups, belonging to the Samoyedic group of the Uralic language family.
The Ramaytush language is one of the eight Ohlone languages, historically spoken by the Ramaytush people, indigenous people of California.
It is spoken by 150,000 people in Puebla and across the border in Guerrero, as well as by emigrants to the United States.
Chemapho dialect, spoken in central Willamette Valley along Muddy Creek.
Ngomba, or Ngomba Bamileke, is a Grassfields language of Cameroon.
In the 1970s another investigator found two speakers around Pochutla who still remembered a few of the words recorded by Boas.
In the classification of Salishan languages, Halkomelem is a member of the Central Salish branch.
Kusunda is a language isolate spoken by a handful of people in western and central Nepal.
Its varieties are only partly intelligible to non-Alemannic speakers.
Today Cup'ig is spoken by elders in the village of Mekoryuk.
The second generation are bilingual in Ghanaian Sign Language.
The Lithuanian dialect of Karaim is spoken mainly in the town of Trakai by a small community living there since the 14th century.
It is recognized by the Swedish government as the country's official sign language, and hearing parents of deaf children are required to learn it.
Vili is one of the Zone H Bantu languages, grouped with the Sira clade.
The Taos language of the Northern Tiwa language branch of the Tanoan language family is spoken in Taos Pueblo, New Mexico.
Tedim was the primary language spoken by Pau Cin Hau, a religious leader who lived from 1859 to 1948.
Sikiana, or Kashuyana, is a Carib language that was spoken by 33 people in Brazil and 15 people in Suriname.
Mundari is an Eastern Nilotic language spoken by the Mundari people of South Sudan.
It is ranked amongst the first fifteen languages of the about 520 living languages in Nigeria, with a few thousand speakers in Cameroon.
It is named after Chengdu, the capital city of Sichuan, and Chongqing, which was split from Sichuan in 1997.
It is spoken by around 4 million people in western Morocco.
The western group includes the Obdorian, Ob, and Irtysh dialects.
Oral vowels are allowed only in syllables like ba, mba, nasal vowels in bã, mã.
Anêm is an accusative language with unmarked subject–verb–object word order in plain statements.
It is spoken in two islands, one in Madhya Pradesh and one in Chhattisgarh.
Torwali , or Turvali, is a Dardic language spoken in Kohistan and Swat districts of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Province of Pakistan.
Gallo is consequently close to French, although not mutually intelligible, and a Romance language descended from Latin.
Alur is a dialect of Southern Luo spoken in northwestern Uganda and northeastern Democratic Republic of the Congo by the Alur people.
Its two rather divergent dialects, Poavosa and extinct Taokas, were separated by Papora and Pazeh.
The Lotha language is part of the Sino-Tibetan language family, spoken by approximately 166,000 people in Wokha district, west-central Nagaland, India.
The Yemba alphabet is a subset of the International Phonetic Alphabet.
The language became extinct at the beginning of the 20th century, and the last ethnic Oti died in 1988.
Tamki is an Afro-Asiatic language spoken in central Chad.
The name "Mungbam" is a quasi-acronym of the village names.
It is also one of the 22 scheduled languages of India.
Alternate names include: Choroti, Manjuy, and Manjui.
It is said to be dialect of Garhwali .
Rangri is a dialect of the Haryanvi language of Malvi.
The majority of Paḷḷuezu speakers reside in the municipality of Laciana.
Sochiapam has seven tones: high, mid, low, high falling, mid falling, mid rising, low rising.
It is a variety of Standard German, used in the German-speaking part of Switzerland.
For example, it has the pluperfect and the future perfect, like French or Spanish, but formed without an auxiliary verb.
Mazatlán Mazatec is a Mazatecan language spoken in the Mexican state of Oaxaca, in the town of Mazatlán Villa de Flores.
Changzhou dialect, sometimes called Changzhounese, is a dialect of Wu, a Sino-Tibetan language family, and belongs to the Taihu dialect group.
Thus, it has low mutual intelligibility with Shtokavian, on which Croatia's standard language is based.
Austral is a Polynesian language spoken by about 5,000 people on the Austral Islands of French Polynesia.
Thuri is a Luo language of South Sudan.
Yanesha', also called Amuesha or Amoesha is a language spoken by the Amuesha people of Peru in central and eastern Pasco Region.
They are: Minangkabau, Central Malay, Pekal, Musi, Negeri Sembilan, and Duano’.
Karingani is a Northwestern Iranian language closely related to Talysh and the Harzandi dialect.
The self-name for the language is T'apo.
An official language dictionary and grammar guide was published by the ethnic Bubi scholar Justo Bolekia Boleká.
Bharia is an unclassified Dravidian language spoken in the remote Patalkot Valley of Madhya Pradesh in central India.
Usually there are small distinctive differences between neighbouring dialects, and increasingly bigger differences between the more distant dialects.
Dilasag, Dinapigue, Maconacon, and Divilacan are primarily Ilokano-speaking towns just to the north of Casiguran.
He has published a volume of texts on the language and a bilingual dictionary; both are currently out of print.
It is also spoken by emigrants from these villages and their descendants in Romania and by a small Muslim group in Turkey.
Tigre, better known in Eritrea by its autonym Tigrayit, and also known by speakers in Sudan as Xasa, is an Afroasiatic language spoken in Northeast Africa.
Huamoé AKA Uamué is an extinct language of Brazil that is too poorly attested to classify.
The small number of speakers is increasing.
As of 2005 he was no longer actively promoting it.
It has 61% of its vocabulary in common with the nearly extinct Turumsa language, its only clear relative.
By law Croatian Radiotelevision is to promote the translation of programs into HZJ.
Makalero or Maklere is a dialect of Makasae spoken by 6,000 people in East Timor.
It has been classified as Eastern Otomi by Lastra, but is not included in Ethnologue.
The language is clearly either Lolo–Burmese or closely related, but as of the 1970s it presented "formidable problems of interpretation, which have been only partially solved".
The pidgin developed in the 19th century, among descendants of Sudanese soldiers, many of whom were recruited from southern Sudan.
Ningming is a Tai language of southern China.
In some classifications, Upper Chehalis is placed closer to Cowlitz than it is to Lower Chehalis.
Guernésiais has been influenced less by Standard French than Jèrriais, but conversely has been influenced to a greater extent by English.
In The Phonology of Norwegian, Gjert Kristoffersen writes that
Also, it is related to the speech of Tozhu Tuvans and Tofa language.
Orokaiva is a Papuan language spoken in the "tail" of Papua New Guinea.
Quiegolani Zapotec is a Zapotec language of Oaxaca, Mexico.
In 2005 Wenedyk underwent a major revision due to a better understanding of Latin and Slavic sound and grammar changes.
Kureinji is an extinct language of southern South Australia.
Jesuit missionaries recognized it as distinct from Waikuri immediately to the north.
Mamboru is a Sumba language of Indonesia.
The Tonga-speaking inhabitants are the oldest Bantu settlers, with the Tumbuka, a small ethnic group in the east, in what is now known as Zambia.
It is closely related to Kuuk Thaayorre, and perhaps Kuuk Yak.
Children are not learning the language; it has been supplanted by Turkish in the north and Greek in the south.
It is also known as Orizaba Aztec and Náhuatl de la Sierra de Zongolica.
Hagahai, also known as Pinai, is one of two languages of the Piawi family of New Guinea.
It is one of the two official languages of Finland and an official minority language in Sweden.
As with other sign languages, TİD has a unique grammar that is different from the oral languages used in the region.
In a 2009 conference proceeding, it was mentioned that there could be "at best 10 living native" speakers of the language.
It is strongly influenced by Croatian Chakavian, Hungarian, German substrates, mainly due to the closeness between two different cultures and the Austro-Hungarian rule.
A Wirangu language revitalization program has been underway at Ceduna and surrounding areas since 2004.
Ch'olti' belongs to the Cho'lan branch of the Mayan languages and is closely related to Chontal and especially Ch'orti'.
However, in the absence of further work, Oropom remains an unclassified language.
Nyiha is a Bantu language primarily spoken in Tanzania and Zambia.
The Ngulu language is also called Geja, Kingulu, Nguru, Nguu, or Wayomba.
There is also a Lakota Language Program with classes for children at Red Cloud Indian School.
This and other innovations in pronunciation, in addition to changes in word structure and vocabulary, differentiate Ottawa from other dialects of Ojibwe.
The Maltese public broadcaster PBS Ltd. began airing a nightly newscast in LSM on its TVM2 network in 2012.
Speakers did not make contact with the outside world until 1982.
He noted however, that measures are being taken to teach the children in Huehuetenango the Tekitek language.
Most Rikbaktsa can speak both Rikbaktsa and Portuguese.
It uses more lip-patterns in conjunction with hand and facial movement to cue signs than BSL, reflecting New Zealand's history of oralist education of deaf people.
It is often associated with the culture that built Tiwanaku.
In 1999, it was spoken by 20,000 people in western Burkina Faso and another 20,000 in the Ivory Coast and Mali.
The heartland of the Kaili area is the broad Palu River valley which stretches southward from Central Sulawesi’s capital city, Palu.
Many ancient Parthian words were preserved, and now can be seen, only in Armenian.
Apart from Tulu Nadu, a significant emigrant population of Tuluva people is found in Maharashtra, Bangalore, the English-speaking world, and the Gulf countries.
The Kawaiisu language is an Uto-Aztecan language spoken by the Kawaiisu people of California.
It can be divided into two major dialect areas; the eastern centred in Benghazi and Bayda, and the western centred in Tripoli and Misrata.
The name Interlingua comes from the Latin words inter, meaning between, and lingua, meaning tongue or language.
Erokwanas is a minor Austronesian language of the north coast of the Bomberai Peninsula.
Having its origins in Scotland, the Scottish Gaelic language is similar to, but should not be confused with, the Irish language in Newfoundland.
East Bergish is a group of dialects of the Bergisches Land Region in West Germany.
Roger Blench suspects it may represent one of the earlier lineages to have branched off the Atlantic–Congo stock.
Afshar is distinguished by a large number of loanwords from Persian and a rounding of the phoneme /a/ to [ɒ], as occurred in Uzbek.
It is spoken as a mother tongue by Somalis in Greater Somalia and the Somali diaspora.
Changriwa is a Yuat language of Papua New Guinea.
Ntcham, or Basari, is a language of the Gurma people in Togo and Ghana.
Lamalera is a Central Malayo-Polynesian language of the island of Lembata, east of Flores in Indonesia.
Kamula is a Trans–New Guinea language that is unclassified within that family in the classification of Malcolm Ross.
The name Tamasheq is sometimes applied to the Tuareg languages in general.
It is spoken in the villages of Lereh, Harna, Wes, Masta, and Aurina.
In 1993 it was spoken by some 8,000 people.
Ahantchuyuk dialect, spoken in the northeastern Willamette Valley along the Pudding and Molalla rivers
Waru is an Austronesian language of Southeast Sulawesi, Indonesia.
By its nature Vulgar Latin varied greatly by region and by time period.
They are spoken in Lawa villages in the provinces of Mae Hong Son and Chiang Mai in Northern Thailand.
This language is considered severely endangered by UNESCO.
Malasanga or Pano is an Austronesian language spoken by about 900 individuals in two villages on the north coast of Morobe Province, Papua New Guinea.
It is part of the greater Indo-European language family.
A population of 17,583 was identified as monolinguals in 1994.
Other names are Boana, Kai, Ngain, Sugu.
Ubi is an Afro-Asiatic language spoken in central Chad.
Dhungaloo is a possibly extinct Australian Aboriginal language of Queensland.
It is spoken by around 97,000 people in the country.
While no audio recordings of the language survive, several researchers have compiled wordlists and grammatical descriptions.
For instance, the terms for "son" and "daughter" are ဖစု and မိစု respectively.
In the Netherlands and Belgium this group is often included in the generic term Limburgish.
The language is written in the Latin script.
It is closely related to Tuvaluan and distantly related to Samoan and other Polynesian languages.
Dass is an Afro-Asiatic dialect cluster spoken in Bauchi State and Plateau State, Nigeria.
Alemayehu Abebe reports that while performing preliminary fieldwork in 1992, he found 14 kebeles in Chencha woreda with Dorze speakers.
There are four main dialects of Doteli namely Baitadeli, Bajhangi Nepali, Darchuli and Doteli.
The region ranges to about 266 square kilometres including two administrative areas - Omesuri and Buyaqsuri.
Genoese phonology includes a number of similarities with French.
It also possibly shares commonalities with the Hadiyya, Gedeo, Alaba-Kabeena, Konso and Kambaata languages spoken in southern Ethiopia.
It is closely related to Herero, and is often considered a dialect of that language, especially as the Zemba are ethnically Herero.
It belongs to the Samurian division of the northwest branch of the Caucasic language family
Old Tagalog is the earliest form of the Tagalog language and was the language of Central and Southern Luzon during the Classical period in Luzon.
Nal Bino is a constructed language developed by Sébastian Verheggen in 1886.
Guta, or Naraguta(wa) in Hausa, is a Kainji language of Nigeria.
It is spoken by the Zanaki people of Musoma and was the first language of Tanzanian president Julius Nyerere, son of the King Burito Nyerere.
The language was definitely part of the Uto-Aztecan family, probably related to Huichol or possibly Southern Tepehuan.
Thus, despite apparent geographic spread, Madurese is more related to Balinese, Malay, Sasak, and Sundanese, than it is to Javanese, the language right next door.
Yakaikeke is an Oceanic language of Milne Bay Province, Papua New Guinea.
However, the language was probably similar to the other Celtic languages near to it, such as Gaulish.
Hlepho may be closer to Phukha than it is to Labo and Ani.
Inuktun is the language of approximately 1,000 indigenous Inughuit, inhabiting the world's northernmost settlements in Qaanaaq and the surrounding villages in northwestern Greenland.
Kemi Sami was a Sami language that was originally spoken in the southernmost district of Finnish Lapland as far south as the Sami siidas around Kuusamo.
English has been given official status by 32 of the 50 state governments.
Hehe is a Bantu language spoken by the Hehe people of the Iringa region of Tanzania, lying south of the Great Ruaha River.
It is one of several languages which go by the ambiguous name Koro.
Sarli, or Sarliya, is a dialect of the Gorani language spoken in Iraq.
Unlike Manado, Ternate, Banda, Ambon and Kupang, it was not a trade center or regional administrative center, and Malay was never an important trade language.
It is morphologically complex and has SOV word order.
It is one of the lesser known dialects of the Bengali language spoken in eastern India comprising today's West Bengal, lower part of Assam and Bangladesh.
However, the second option would allow people to have jobs needing bilinguism in Spanish and English.
It is used by a small number of Deaf and hearing Jamaicans, spread over several communities in the rural south-western parish of St. Elizabeth.
Mofu-Gudur, or South Mofu, is an Chadic language spoken in northern Cameroon.
Other linguists argue that it does not meet the technical requirements of a mixed language.
Naskapi is an Algonquian language spoken by the Naskapi in Quebec and Labrador, Canada.
Neither is the shared animate-suffix with Walio conclusive of a genetic relation.
It is an Ijekavian accent of Shtokavian dialect, with significant presence of Chakavisms and Ikavisms.
There are two dialects of the Neverver language; Mindu and Wuli.
Tiene, or Tende, is a Bantu language of the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Standard Serbian is based on the most widespread dialect of Serbo-Croatian, Shtokavian, which is also the basis of Standard Croatian, Bosnian, and Montenegrin.
For that, the other varieties of French or the other minority languages were consired incorrect or bad ways to speak and were called patois.
It is spoken natively in Northern Italy and Southern Switzerland.
It has had a long history of contact with Persian, leading to several changes.
Awyi is a Papuan language of Indonesian Papua.
The language has been spelled various ways, including Manyak, Menya, Minyag, Minyak.
Nyamal is an Australian Aboriginal language spoken in the Pilbara region of Western Australia.
The Muxule variety may be a distinct language.
Gimi is a Papuan language spoken in Eastern Highlands Province, Papua New Guinea.
However, as of 2012, an active revitalization program is underway.
It was originally spoken by the Tremembé people, who once inhabited the northern Brazilian coasts from Pará to Ceará.
The New Testament and some parts of the Old Testament have been translated into the Kambaata language.
Kaera is a Papuan language of Pantar island in the Alor archipelago of Indonesia.
It is similar to North Mbundu, and is often considered a dialect of that language.
However, the number of children attending bilingual classes has risen 33% between 2006 and 2012 to 14,709.
It is 80% lexically similar with Ngile, which is also spoken by the Mesakin people.
This lack of research on Bahamian Creole is perhaps because for many years, Bahamians have assumed that this language is simply a variety of English.
Badjiri is an extinct language of Australia.
Akha is the language spoken by the Akha people of southern China, eastern Burma, northern Laos, and northern Thailand.
The Dubea are the people; the language has been called Naa Dubea "language of Dubea".
Meung Yum is a Waic language spoken by about 8,000 people in Shan State, Burma.
Contemporary Eastern Pomo speakers refer to the north shore dialect area as Upper Lake, and the south shore dialect area as Big Valley.
This is Sirma's first poem Guldnasas; a Sami love story which he sang to spur on his reindeer so that they will run faster:
Noiri is one of the Scheduled Tribes of India.
Blaan is an Austronesian language of the southern Philippines.
It is an important source language for historians and philologists.
Woleai has a writing system of its own, a syllabary based on the Latin alphabet.
It is spoken by the Gumbaynggirr, who are native to the Mid North Coast of New South Wales.
Pökoot is a language spoken in western Kenya and eastern Uganda by the Pokot people.
The Kajuk language, Ekajuk, is an Ekoid language spoken in the Cross River State and some surrounding regions of Nigeria.
It is one of the many varieties of the Western Desert Language, all of which are mutually intelligible.
Asturian is a West Iberian Romance language spoken in Principality of Asturias, Spain.
A small vocabulary list was collected in 1943; only 30 Pijao words and expressions are known.
A separate Chinese Pidgin English has sprung up in more recent decades in places such as Nauru.
Angkola, or Batak Angkola, is an Austronesian language of Sumatra.
Magi itself is divided into two main groups of dialects: the eastern dialects, and the western dialects.
The last known speaker of the language was the 82-year-old Soma Devi Dura.
The Werni language, Warnang, is a Niger–Congo language of the Heiban family spoken in Kordofan, Sudan.
The varieties of "Greater Punjabi" have a number of characteristics in common, for example the preservation of the Prakrit double consonants in stressed syllables.
It is not taught in school, not even as an optional course, although Modern Standard Arabic is taught.
However, this is based only on the numerals, which are clearly related to Gonja.
Mariri is a language spoken on the Aru Islands of eastern Indonesia.
Since 2013, a PhD dissertation on Ayapa Zoque is being prepared at the Institut National des Langues et Civilisations Orientales.
The region is divided into 5 major regions namely: Imatong, Valley, Dongotolo, Lopit, and the Great Plains regions.
Significant communities of Uyghur-speakers are located in Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan, and various other countries have Uyghur-speaking expatriate communities.
Dialects are Peruvian Matses, Brazilian Matses, and the extinct Paud Usunkid.
Vestinian is an extinct Indo-European language documented only in two surviving inscriptions of the Roman Republic.
The Sillok people who speak the language are a remnant group.
Moran is an extinct Sino-Tibetan language spoken in India related to Bodo.
There are many cultural similarities between the Chukchis and Koryaks, including economies based on reindeer herding.
In 1991, the population of Haya speakers was estimated at 1,200,000 people [1].
On the other hand, Greenlandic appears to have retained some features which changed in other types of Scandinavian.
Virginia Klinekole, the first female president of the Mescalero Apache Tribe, was known for her efforts to preserve the language.
Kulina is an Arawan language of Brazil and Peru spoken by about 4,000 Kulina people.
Phonologically, it is noteworthy among the Omotic languages for having velar and uvular fricative phonemes.
American Sign Language is also used; the two are apparently not related.
The words Juvuri and Juvuro literally translate as "Jewish" and "Jews".
This designation for them is also used by the Anishinaabe, their Algonquian neighbors to the north.
Indonesian or Alor Malay is used widely.
Menominee  is an Algonquian language originally spoken by the Menominee people of northern Wisconsin.
Realis refers to something that has happened or is happening; irrealis refers to future tense and hypotheticals; and hortative is used in commands.
There are possibly more than 300,000 native speakers in North America.
Ilit is a divergent variety of Kunama that is mutually unintelligible enough to be considered a distinct language.
Hungarian Sign Language is the sign language of Deaf people in Hungary.
Pontic is also closely related to Cappadocian Greek.
Fipa is a Bantu language of Tanzania.
Therefore, they created many ways to speak English, from the "most creole" to the "most standard" varying gradually according to the context.
There are still small groups of Arta speakers in Maddela and Nagtipunan towns of Quirino Province.
Mukha-Dora is one of the Dravidian languages spoken in India.
About half of the population speaks Bangala, a trade language similar to Lingala, and in southern areas some speak Swahili.
All varieties of Chinese are tonal and analytic.
Blench believes Pidlimdi dialect is a separate language.
However, the language is moribund, with no children learning it, as all Kusunda speakers have married outside their ethnicity.
Dialects number 1,300 Kope, 700 Gibaio, 1,700 Urama, 700 Arigibi, 3,800 Coast, 1,000 Daru, 4,500 Island, 400 Doumori.
It is the primary dialect spoken by the Kadazan people in west coast of Sabah especially in the districts of Penampang, Papar and Beaufort.
Tama, or Damut, is the primary language spoken by the Tama people in eastern Chad and in western Sudan.
It is sometimes considered the same language as Iyayu.
So it keeps fewer characteristics of Sichuan's original Ba-Shu Chinese than other Sichuanese dialects, such as Minjiang dialect.
Kazukuru was last recorded in the early twentieth century when its speakers were in the last stages of language shift.
For example, *eũ’ada’a became eũ’ãnã’ã, while nasal consonants are no longer found in ’ub 'house' or ’a-rib 'five'.
Yinjibarndi is mutually intelligible with Kurrama, but the two are considered distinct languages by their speakers.
Matal, also known as Muktele and Balda, is an Afro-Asiatic language spoken in northern Cameroon.
The majority of Anong speakers in Myanmar are mainly found in Kachin State; Myitkyina township, Putao township, Naungmun township, Machanbaw township, Tannai township, and Khaunglangphu township.
Atswawaka, also called Atsahuaca, or Atsawaka-Yamiaka, is an extinct Panoan language of Peru.
Spoken in Ticino is also the Ticinese, a comprehensive name for the dialects of Western Lombard spoken in the same area of Switzerland.
It uses the same two-handed manual alphabet as BSL and Auslan.
The motto appears below the shield of the Royal Coat of Arms.
All of the population has shifted to English.
Today, people who identify themselves as Ruga are all speakers of Garo.
These secret languages were used as a means to conceal communication from oppressive upper class groups.
Khitan or Kitan, also known as Liao, is a now-extinct language once spoken by the Khitan people.
It is one of the national languages designated by the constitution of East Timor.
Portuguese and Spanish are different languages, although they share some similar words.
It is a Central Solomon language spoken by about 9,000 people on the island of Vella Lavella.
Hruso, also known as Aka, is a language of Arunachal Pradesh India.
It is distinct from Tobagonian Creole – particularly at the basilectal level – and from other Lesser Antillean English creoles.
It is spoken in eight districts in Bihar, three in Jharkhand, and has some speakers in Malda, West Bengal.
In the Tavoyan dialect, terms of endearment, as well as family terms, are considerably different from Standard Burmese.
Dialects are Una, Bomela, Tanime, Eastern Sela, Kinome.
Both these influences tend to differentiate it more and more from the dialects of Gascon spoken in France.
Neighbouring languages include Dalabon, Burarra, Ngalakan, Ngandi and the Bininj Gunwok dialects Kunwinjku and Kune.
Instead, there are competing norms for writing Occitan, some of which attempt to be pan-dialectal, whereas others are based on particular dialects.
It was the traditional language of the Mbabaram tribe.
ut-Ma’in or Fakai is a Northwest Kainji dialect continuum spoken by 36,000 people in the Fakai district of Nigeria.
Dabarre is an Afro-Asiatic language spoken by the Dabarre and Iroole Digil clans of the Somalis in southern Somalia.
The Siar people keep themselves sustained and nourished by fishing and gardening.
The language is closely related to Ho-Chunk, also known as Winnebago.
Ghandruk Sign Language is a village sign language of the village of Ghandruk in central Nepal.
Like other Northern Songhay languages, it has been strongly influenced by neighbouring Tuareg languages.
The language is notable for its retroflex consonants, a striking feature shared with closely related Dizi, Sheko and nearby Bench.
There are currently about 3,000 speakers, nearly all of whom speak Spanish as well.
Most words involve several components that must be considered before speaking.
Mayin and Longpaw are not mutually intelligible, but have been subsumed under the ISO code for Chinbon because Mayin-Longpaw speakers generally understand Chinbon.
Twi is a common name for two former literary dialects of the Akan language; Asante and Akuapem, which are mutually intelligible.
Most speakers live in Botswana, but a few hundred live in Namibia.
This is probably due to influence from the Shan language.
Northern Low Saxon is a West Low German dialect.
Yawa is the Papuan language of central Yapen Island in Geelvink Bay, Indonesia.
Public Hawaiian-language immersion preschools called Pūnana Leo were started in 1984; other immersion schools followed soon after that.
According to the 1998 Census there were 132,450 Kashmiri speakers in Pakistan Administered Kashmir.
It has been classified in various branches of Plateau, but is now seen to be Tarokoid.
The language is only known from the 12 lexical items collected by Plehn around the end of the 19th century and published in Seidel.
Ga'dang is an Austronesian language spoken in northern Luzon, Philippines.
It is suggested that the people later moved to Arkansas under pressure from the Iroquois.
According to Pittayaporn, it forms a primary branch of the Tai languages.
At the moment, nothing can be said about the languages which stand behind the Thamudic inscriptions.
Middle Egyptian is arguably the best-documented stage of the Egyptian language; there are many resources available for it.
Tampuan is the language of Tampuan people indigenous to the mountainous regions of Ratanakiri Province in Cambodia.
Krumen is a dialect continuum spoken by the Krumen people of Liberia and Ivory Coast.
Caribbean Hindustani is an Indo-Aryan language spoken as a lingua franca by Indo-Caribbeans and the Indo-Caribbean diaspora.
It is an Oujiang dialect, but its tone system is different from other Oujiang dialects such as Wenzhounese.
Long assumed to be a Sino-Tibetan language, it may actually be a language isolate.
This means Southeast Limburgish is different in nature from the other Limburgish varieties.
The dialect of Castelmezzano is a Romance variety spoken in Castelmezzano in the Province of Potenza in Italy.
Hindustani is also spoken by a small number of people in Mauritius and South Africa.
The Gula'ala language is spoken just off Malaita Island in the Solomon Islands.
It is only used as a second language, as the secret male initiation language of the Gbaya.
Yue or Yueh is one of the primary branches of Chinese spoken in southern China, particularly the provinces of Guangdong and Guangxi, collectively known as Liangguang.
Kutai Malay is a dialect continuum of the Malay language spoken by the Kutai people, who live along the Mahakam River in Borneo.
Endegegn, Enner, Gyeto, and the extinct dialect Mesmes are all sometimes considered dialects of Inor.
It is a Yuman language, related to other languages such as Mohave, Cocopah, Havasupai, Yavapai and Kumeyaay.
There is no way to know the vitality of Sentinel as the people do not allow outsiders onto the island and are very hostile towards them.
Colloquially, the language is sometimes called מאַמע־לשון, distinguishing it from לשון־קדש, meaning Hebrew and Aramaic.
Excluding Plautdietsch, Low Prussian can be considered moribund due to the evacuation and forced expulsion of Germans from East Prussia after World War II.
The Deoris are traditionally being priests of the Sutiya and Ahom Kingdoms.
A progressive revival is underway, with the language being taught in schools.
Djabugay is a nearly extinct Australian Aboriginal language once spoken by Djabugay people.
It is 75% intelligible with Ocotlán Zapotec.
There are 2 dialects, Lower Zyphe and Upper Zyphe.
Oyster Bay Tasmanian, or Paredarerme, is an aboriginal language of Tasmania in the reconstruction of Claire Bowern.
The bilingualism is one-sided, however, as native speakers of Tucanoan do not believe Hupdë to be a language worth learning.
Lingua Franca Nova is an auxiliary constructed language originally created by C. George Boeree of Shippensburg University, Pennsylvania.
The Palawano languages are spoken on the province of Palawan in the Philippines.
The Birjia language, also known as Binjhia or Bijori, is a language of India.
The Punic language, also called Carthaginian or Phoenicio-Punic, is an extinct variety of the Phoenician language, a Canaanite language of the Semitic family.
Old Occitan, also called Old Provençal, was the earliest form of the Occitano-Romance languages, as attested in writings dating from the eighth through the fourteenth centuries.
It may have been the first language to be described as having an object–verb–subject word order, though determining this is "difficult".
Kamasa is a nearly extinct Angan language of Papua New Guinea.
In India, Atong is considered a dialect of Garo.
Nande, also known asNdandi and Yira, is a Bantu language spoken in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Speakers are shifting to the neighbouring Manding language Koro, and the language has large numbers of Manding loan words.
Yaben is a Papuan language of Papua New Guinea.
It is a different language from Gagauz and Turkish.
A collection of Burji proverbs, translated into English, French, and Swahili, is available on the Web.
Until the last decade of the twentieth century, the people called themselves and their language "Shoshone".
Related to Tedim language or Paite language and Asho Chin languageIndia.
Sengele is a Bantu language of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Ethnologue reports that it is mutually intelligible with Kwala, in the C.20 group where it was classified by Guthrie 1948.
Nouns and demonstrative pronouns distinguish common and neutral gender.
Abui is a non-Austronesian language of the Alor Archipelago.
Chinese and Oirat replaced Oirat and Kirghiz during Manchukuo as the dual languages of the Nonni-based Kyrgyz.
Gilaki is closely related to Mazandarani and the two languages have similar vocabularies.
It is apparently related to Mru, forming the Mruic language family, whose position with Sino-Tibetan is unclear.
In 1999 there were 5,900 people known to speak the language.
It is considered a distinct language from Catalan by a minority of people from the Valencian Community; however, linguists consider it a dialect of Catalan.
Not to be confused with Old Scandinavian, sometimes abbreviated 'OScan'.
Nyole is a Bantu language spoken by the Luhya people in Vihiga District, Kenya.
Some of the main cities where West Flemish is widely spoken are Bruges, Kortrijk, Ostend, Roeselare, and Ypres.
It has around 1,200-1,800 people in Brazil.
It is mutually intelligible with Ewondo, a fact which may have delayed its study for some time.
It was a local lingua franca before independence.
The city of Sibu in Malaysia is called "New Fuzhou" due to the influx of immigrants there in the late 19th century and early 1900s.
Vlax Romani varieties are spoken mainly in Southeastern Europe by Romani people.
Dappil is an extinct language of Queensland in Australia that appears to have been closely related to Gureng Gureng.
Shilluk is a Luo language spoken by the Shilluk people of South Sudan and Sudan.
Their team developed a small Yemba - French Dictionary covering French translations of over 3,000 Yemba words and expressions.
The Meitei language has proven to be an integrating factor among all ethnic groups in Manipur who use it to communicate among themselves.
Mardin Sign Language is a village sign language of Turkey.
Ngbinda is a poorly documented Congolese Bantu language of uncertain affiliation.
For example, orsoq 'blubber' became oksok 'bacon'.
Pulaar is written in a Latin script, but historically was written in an Arabic script known as "Ajami script".
The language remains in use as the liturgical language of the Georgian Orthodox Church.
Skolt Sami also used to be spoken in the Neiden area of Norway.
The Taensa language was the Natchez language-variant spoken by the Taensa people originally of northeastern Louisiana, and later with historical importance in Alabama.
There are a quarter-million speakers of Anyin in Ghana.
Recognized dialects of West Ambae include Walaha and Nduindui.
Substantial numbers of Pular speakers have migrated to other countries in West Africa, notably Senegal.
The language is primarily spoken in the island of Manipa, which is located between Buru island and Seram island in the province of Maluku, Indonesia.
It is closely related to the Mono language.
The language is also spoken by a sizeable population of at least 10 million people in Chhattisgarh.
Old Rapa is not a language commonly spoken and has been replaced by Reo Rapa.
Audio and video files of Kiksht are available at the Endangered Languages Archive.
The first book produced with movable type in the Iberian Peninsula was printed in the Valencian variety.
Hinton suggested a conservative estimate of 50 native speakers of Kumeyaay.
It is derived mainly from French and includes terms from other languages.
Yang considers Ai-Cham and Mak to be different dialects of the same language.
This language and Ilocano are spoken by the Itneg people in Abra province.
In Kenya, Kamba is generally spoken in 4 of counties of Kenya: Machakos, Kitui, Makueni, and Kwale.
Putukwam is a Bendi language of Nigeria.
It was historically spoken by the Karkin people, who lived in the Carquinez Strait region in the northeast portion of the San Francisco Bay estuary.
Tima, also known as Domorik or Lomorik, is a Katla language spoken by the Tima people of Sudan.
It is written in the Assamese script, an abugida system, from left to right, with a large number of typographic ligatures.
Zhoa is a Grassfields Bantu language of Cameroon.
Georgian is the literary language for all regional subgroups of Georgians, including those who speak other Kartvelian languages: Svans, Mingrelians and the Laz.
"ya" is used at the end of a sentence to form future tense.
The most recent work suggests that Ohlone, Miwok, and Yokuts are branches of a Yok-Utian language family.
Marra is a prefixing language with three noun classes and a singular-plural-dual distinction.
It is spoken in all social classes, but the variety spoken by younger people is somewhat closer to Standard Dutch.
Jebli is heavily influenced by Berber; the grammar of Jebli is almost Berber while most the words are Arabic.
It is spoken by the Mopan people who live in the Petén Department of Guatemala and in the Maya Mountains region of Belize.
Yucunicoco Mixtec is a Mixtec language of Oaxaca.
There are fewer than 1,000 active speakers, and fewer than 2,000 passive speakers.
Hoklo Taiwanese has replaced Pazeh and driven it to near extinction.
Pinghua is a trade language in some areas of Guangxi, where it is spoken as a second language by speakers of Zhuang languages.
Crowley and Dixon summarise what little is known of Tasmanian phonology and grammar.
As late as 1981, Bernus treated Tetserret as a dialect of Tuareg, and some early sources even confused it with the Northern Songhay languages.
It is based on Kenyan Sign Language.
Ocaina is an indigenous American language spoken in western South America.
In 1998, Jáni Vasilčin from Dudeştii Vechi translated the New Testament into Banat Bulgarian: Svetotu Pismu Novija Zákun.
Saam, also Saam Rai and Saama Kha, is a nearly extinct Kiranti language spoken in Nepal.
Like all other dialects of Romagna, Forlivese is a Western Romance language related to French, Romansh and Italian.
The usual word order in sentences is verb-subject-object.
However, owing to Nepal's geographical area, it has also been influenced by Tibeto-Burman languages.
Tanglang has been in long-term contact with Bai, and is also in contact with Naxi.
Talondo’ is a minor Austronesian language of Sulawesi, Indonesia.
Temascaltepec Nahuatl AKA Almomoloa Nahuatl is an endangered variety of Nahuatl of western Mexico State spoken by 300 people.
Speakers on Baluan Island prefer to refer to their language with its native name Paluai.
Mboi is an Adamawa language of Nigeria.
It was the secret language of the Dwarves.
The Võro language is a language belonging to the Finnic branch of the Uralic languages.
The language is called O'ob No'ok by its speakers.
Yaweyuha is a Papuan language spoken in the eastern highlands of Papua New Guinea.
Southeastern: Damench, Laghmani, Sum, and Upper and Lower Darai Nur dialects
The name is variously spelled Serre, Shaire, Shere, Sheri, Sili, Siri, French Chere or prefixed as Basili, Basiri.
There has been some confusion over the name:
Mamaa is one of the Finisterre languages of Papua New Guinea, spoken in a single village in Morobe Province.
There are, depending on the nature and terms of division, ten or more Sami languages.
It died out as a spoken language around 1920, but certain words and phrases continued to be used until the 1960s.
German Standard German, Standard German of Germany or High German of Germany is the variety of Standard German that is written and spoken in Germany.
Most are Buddhists, but few are Theravada.
Crow is a Missouri Valley Siouan language spoken primarily by the Crow Nation in present-day southeastern Montana.
It is apparently one of the Dakoid languages.
Linguistic studies of the Kwevkepaya, Tolkepaya, Wipukepa, and Yavepe dialects have been published.
Around 85% of Isnag are capable of reading the Isnag language.
Mor is a tonal Austronesian language in the putative Cenderawasih of Indonesian Papua.
However, the rights and obligations to use the language are restricted to court proceedings.
Du Ponceau recognized the language immediately as Iroquoian, writing that he was "struck as well as astonished at its decided Iroquois Physiognomy."
Kelo is a moribund Nilo-Saharan language spoken in Sudan.
Oring, also known as Koring, is an Upper Cross River language spoken in Nigeria.
Malaweg is spoken by the Malaweg people in the northern part of the Philippines.
The local people consider the Chashan to be a distinct ethnic group, separate from the Jingpo people.
Sasaru is an Edoid language of Edo State, Nigeria.
The varieties are commonly known as patois.
Chitimacha is a language isolate historically spoken by the Chitimacha people of Louisiana, United States.
In sentence linking, a special role is played by converbs.
These languages added to the Gallic influence of the developing Sicilian language to become the Gallo-Italic of Sicily language family.
Hehe has 15 noun classes; it marks this class with a prefix.
First documented in 1607, the language was widely spoken in the area during the 17th and early 18th century.
Initially, Classical Malay was a diverse group of dialects, reflecting the varied origins of the Malay kingdoms of Southeast Asia.
Sibaji Panda was the first person to officially document the language in 2012.
It belongs to the geographic group of Ghana Togo Mountain languages of the Kwa branch of Niger–Congo.
80% of speakers are monolingual; as of 2007, it is the only indigenous language in Costa Rica with monolingual adults.
Baan is an Ogoni language of Nigeria.
Unlike Khams and Standard Tibetan, Amdo language is not a tonal language.
The preverbal negator is ul; the postverbal negator is ša / šay / iš, with both the latter two appearing as allomorphs in Tiout.
Luren and Longjia may be closely related to Caijia, which in turn appears to be related to Bai, which has been difficult to classify.
The language goes by various names: Adiwasi Bhil, Keski Bhil, and Bhilori.
Its lexicon and consonantal system are substantially affected by the Ubykh language, the first language of many Hakuchi speakers before its death.
Sirenik Yupik, Sireniki Yupik, Sirenik, or Sirenikskiy is an extinct Eskimo–Aleut language.
The Nyabwa language is a Kru language spoken in Ivory Coast.
The two kingdoms differed in dialect, their speech known as Khotanese and Tumshuqese.
Lemerig is an Oceanic language spoken on Vanua Lava, in Vanuatu.
The name Miwok comes from the Sierra Miwok word miwwik meaning "people" or "Indians".
The first person of the verb and the possessive form for nouns is expressed by accent on the last syllable and addition of -y, e.g.
This dialect is often spoken with an intonation resembling that of the Neapolitan language of Southern Italy, but there are exceptions.
Beigo is an extinct East Sudanic language once spoken in Sudan by the Baygo people, numbering some 850 in the late twentieth century.
Sandawe is a "click language" spoken by about 60,000 Sandawe people in the Dodoma region of Tanzania.
Ronge is an approximation of the endonym.
Their traditional historic lands were along the Platte River in what is now Nebraska.
It has its own script, Enchan, which appears to be based on Baybayin.
Mattole, or Mattole–Bear River, is an extinct Athabaskan language once spoken by the Mattole and Bear River peoples of northern California.
Puxian is spoken mostly in Fujian province, particularly in Putian city and Xianyou County, parts of Fuzhou, and parts of Quanzhou.
Other languages spoken in the Pamirs differ greatly from the Yazgulami language.
The name Folkspraak has also been used in a more general sense to refer to the entire modern Pan-Germanic language collaboration.
It has an estimated lexical similarity of between 95-96% with Central Khmer.
Alfred L. Kroeber claimed that the west bay people were extinct by 1915.
Today it is spoken by the Chicken Ranch Rancheria of Me-Wuk Indians of California, a federally recognized tribe of Central Sierra Miwoks.
Buru is a Southern Bantoid language of uncertain classification spoken in a single village in Nigeria.
Amateur historian Edgar V. Saks has pointed out several Curonian words and names of possible Finnic origin.
The Polar Inuit were the last to cross from Canada into Greenland and they may have arrived as late as in the eighteenth century.
Ndrangith is an Australian language once spoken in the Cape York Peninsula of Queensland.
Montserrat Creole does not have the status of an official language.
The former variant in Angeln and Schwansen was known as Angel Danish.
The Poke language, is in the Soko–Kele languages group of Bantu languages.
Many ancient manuscripts originally written in Ancient Greek, Persian, Hebrew, Syriac and Latin survive only in Armenian translation.
It is most similar to Tlacoatzintepec Chinantec, with which it has 50% intelligibility.
Noon is a Cangin language of Senegal spoken in the Thiès region.
However, the dissolution of the Soviet Union brought about the Shor language revival.
Alternate names include Boto boli, Khamchi, Raji, Rajwar, Ra’te, Rautya, Rautye.
It, and the similar Ternate language, appear to be related to languages of the Bird's Head Peninsula, Papua.
While middle aged individuals and the young generation speak the Russian and Siberian Tatar languages, Baraba Tatar language is used by the older generation.
Teressa, or Taih-Long, is one of the Nicobarese languages spoken on the Nicobar Islands in India.
Morouas is an Oceanic language spoken in central Espiritu Santo Island in Vanuatu.
Central Bikol, commonly called Bikol Naga, is the most-spoken language in the Bicol Region of southern Luzon, Philippines.
Jiangshan dialect is a Southern Wu dialect, closely related to that of Quzhou.
The number of speakers is not known; a figure of 15,000 was published in 1973.
Paraguayan Sign Language, or Lengua de señas paraguaya, is the deaf sign language of Paraguay.
Aikhenvald separates Mawayana/Mapidian/Mawakwa from Wapishana, and she includes them in a Rio Branco branch.
It is also known by its Nasu name Laka.
Aguano is a possible extinct language of Peru.
Ethnologue reports an SIL figure of 1,200 speakers from 1987.
Penang Sign Language was developed in Malaysia by deaf children, outside the classroom, when oralism was predominant.
Afghan Sign Language is the deaf sign language of Jalalabad in eastern Afghanistan, possibly with some presence in Kabul.
The language is of the OVS type.
It appears to be an Austronesian language, though much of the basic vocabulary cannot be connected to other Austronesian languages.
Mandahuaca is an Arawakan language of Venezuela and formerly of Brazil.
Dorig's immediate neighbours are Koro and Mwerlap.
It was the language of westernmost Hispaniola, the Bahamas, Jamaica, and most of Cuba.
Henry kokoe pau paina, wau hele no
Ecclesiastical Latin remains the official language of the Holy See and the Roman Rite of the Catholic Church.
Ecuadorian Sign Language is the deaf sign language of Ecuador.
Traditionally a local lingua franca, its usage has declined in recent decades.
The Uru language, more specifically known as Iru-Itu, and Uchumataqu, is the sole surviving language of the Uru people, an indigenous people.
Dongwang Tibetan is a Tibetic language of Yunnan, China, once considered a dialect of Khams.
The letter "c" on the Yup’ik alphabet is equivalent on the English alphabet "ch".
It is experiencing language shift to Nepali, especially in the northern region.
It is often roughly divided into the Archaic period, Classical period, and Hellenistic period.
Hebrew was also used as a language of communication among Jews from different countries, particularly for the purpose of international trade.
As of 1997, Tigre was spoken by approximately 800,000 Tigre people in Eritrea.
Guernésiais, also known as Dgèrnésiais, Guernsey French, and Guernsey Norman French, is the variety of the Norman language spoken in Guernsey.
The Barrow Point language is a moribund Australian Aboriginal language.
There are also about 2,000 speakers in Burkina Faso.
Verbal Auxiliaries occur last in a clause.
The Kushite language is poorly understood, owing to the scarcity of bilingual texts.
In speaking their language, the Wolaytta people use many proverbs.
Linguistically, Lawa belongs to the Palaungic branch of the Mon-Khmer family of languages, which is part of the Austro-Asiatic super-family.
By linguistic classification, it is more divergent from other South-Central Cordilleran languages, such as Kalinga, Itneg or Ifugao and Kankanaey.
It is the most widely spoken constructed language in the world.
Favorlang is an extinct Formosan language closely related to Babuza.
It is spoken by 17,000 Burmese and 3,000 Indians.
There are no inflections, conjugations or case endings.
Talyshi is partially, but not fully, intelligible with respect to Persian.
Gafat was related to Harari and Gurage dialects.
Perak Malay is one of the Malay dialects spoken within the state of Perak, Malaysia.
Punjabi is an Indo-Aryan language spoken by over 100 million native speakers worldwide, making it the 11th most widely spoken language in the world.
Parents still teach their children in Inuktitut away from schools.
Pre-contact speakers of all the Pomoan languages have been estimated at 8,000 altogether.
Half of ethnic Dubla speak Gujarati instead.
His sister Nora Thompson Dean provided valuable information about the language to linguists and other scholars.
Mwatebu is an Austronesian language spoken in a single village in the D'Entrecasteaux Islands of Papua New Guinea.
Kui, Kodulu, Kuinga, Kuy) is a South-Central-Dravidian language spoken by the Khonds.
They refer to the ones residing in Argentina as the Iyo'wujwas, though some who reside with these people in Argentina have migrated from Paraguay.
The Ethiopian Deaf Community uses the language as a marker of identity.
The Cromarty dialect of North Northern Scots was spoken in Cromarty, Scotland.
Taiwanese Hokkien, commonly known as Taiwanese/Taiwanese Language, is a branched-off variant of Hokkien spoken natively by about 70% of the population of Taiwan.
Brazilian Portuguese is a set of dialects of the Portuguese language used mostly in Brazil.
Akatek was regarded as a dialect of the Q'anjob'al language until the 1970s, when linguists realized that it has a distinct grammar from that of Q'anjob'al.
Several names are used for the Sami languages: Saami, Sámi, Saame, Samic, Saamic, as well as the exonyms Lappish and Lappic.
The English words atoll and dhoni are anglicised forms of the Maldivian words atoḷu and dōni.
Perhaps half of the Fipa people to their north speak it as a native language.
Classified as part of the Thái official ethnic community in Vietnam and of the Phu Tai composite group in Laos.
Myeik shares many commonalities with the Tavoyan dialect, although there are substantial differences especially with regard to phonology.
Mongolian has vowel harmony and a complex syllabic structure for a Mongolic language that allows clusters of up to three consonants syllable-finally.
Hovongan, or Punan Bungan, is a Kayan language of West Kalimantan, Indonesia, one of several spoken by the Penan people.
The two dialects, Paka and Gabiano, are rather divergent.
The 2010 Russian census recorded 1,450 Bagvalal speakers.
Agöb, or Dabu, is a Papuan language spoken in Western Province, Papua New Guinea.
Lauan is an East Fijian language spoken by about 16,000 people on a number of islands of eastern Fiji.
Vaghri, Wagdi, and Bauria are variants of the same name.
Mandarin completive "ba" is often changed into "và" especially in suggestions.
The syllabic meter of Kawi poetry is sekar kawi, which means “flowers of the language”, sekar itself deriving from the Sanskrit "sekhara".
They are notable for having developed a complex culture based on estuarine fisheries rather than agriculture.
Lasgerdi is one of the local languages of Semnan Province in northwestern Iran.
The Terik and Nandi languages are mutually intelligible.
Rembong is a language of central Flores, in East Nusa Tenggara Province, Indonesia.
Like other sign languages, ESL is influenced by the local oral language.
In the Austroasiatic scheme, the Bahnaric languages are often cited as being most closely related to the Khmer language.
Though there is an incomplete mutual intelligibility, it shares a high proportion of vocabulary with Bengali at least 80% overlap.
It is one of the many fictional languages set in his fictional universe of Middle-earth.
Ayomán is an extinct language of western Venezuela, once spoken in the village of Siquisique in the state of Lara.
Chukchi or Chukchee are anglicized versions of the Russian exonym Chukcha.
One of the dialects is Tjwao, the only Khoisan language in Zimbabwe, where "Koisan" is a language officially recognised in the constitution.
By 1980, the Rama were noted as having "all but lost their original ethnic language", and had become speakers of a form of English creole instead.
It belongs to the geographic group of Ghana Togo Mountain languages of the Kwa branch of Niger–Congo.
Gorani was once an important literary language in the parts of Western Iran but has since been replaced by Sorani.
It is a part of the Canaanite subgroup of the Northwest Semitic languages.
A number of anthroponyms are attested: Agis, Patraos, Lycpeios, Audoleon, Eupolemos, Ariston, etc.
It is severely endangered, and there remains virtually no-one still living who learned to speak it as a first language.
It belongs to the family's Cushitic branch, and has an estimated 57,500 speakers.
It may have creolized in some beach communities of Kusaie, but no data is available.
Musey is a Chadic language of Chad and Cameroon.
Hibito is an extinct language of Peru.
The term Haryanvi is also used for people from Haryana.
It is spoken by the Herero and Mbanderu peoples in Namibia and Botswana, as well as by small communities of this people in southwestern Angola.
Suba clans are located on the eastern shore and islands of Lake Victoria in Kenya and Tanzania.
Abon is a Tivoid language of Nigeria.
The Stoneys are the only Siouan people that live entirely in Canada, and the Stoney language is spoken by five groups in Alberta.
The Nyen language, also related to the Bumthang languages, is more divergent, while the 'Ole language is only distantly related.
In 1990, it was estimated that more than 5,000 people could speak Hopi as a native language, but only 40 of them were monolingual in Hopi.
There is also another language called Zimbabwean Ndebele, or Matabele, spoken in Zimbabwe, which is closer to Zulu than other Nguni dialects.
Jebli is a pre-Hilalian Arabic dialect spoken in the mountains of the north of Morocco heavily influenced by Berber language.
They are Jakun, Orang Kanaq, Orang Seletar, and Temuan.
Maho lists Lundwe and Sala as distinct languages most closely related to Ila.
It is spoken by around 743,600 people.
Basaa, or Mbene, is a Bantu language spoken in Cameroon by the Basaa people.
There are two main sub-dialects: Eastern Kata-vari and Western Kata-vari.
The Vori live in 10 settlements, and there are about 3,000 to 4,000 speakers.
Most inhabitants of Ternate use Ternate language as first language but will use Ternate Malay for inter-ethnic or trade communication.
Nocte is a Naga language of northeastern India.
As of 2011, the Census population of Auslan users in Australia is 9723 - an increase of 4417 new users from the 2001 Census.
It is close to Chayuco and Zacatepec Mixtec.
Ethnically however, the Yakkha people perceive themselves as distinct from the other Kiranti groups such as Limbu.
The Minaean language language was an Old South Arabian or Ṣayhadic language spoken in Yemen in the times of the Old South Arabian civilisation.
Ixil-Maya is one of the 21 different Mayan languages spoken in Guatemala.
Koda is an endangered Munda language of India and Bangladesh.
Bwa is a Bantu language spoken in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
It seems probable that the language persisted, being gradually permeated with Latin, until at least 150 BC.
The Kololo were a Sotho people who used to live in what is now Lesotho.
It is usually considered the world's second-most spoken native language, after Mandarin Chinese.
The Komi language is a Uralic macrolanguage spoken by the Komi peoples in the northeastern European part of Russia.
Gelao is a dialect cluster of Kra languages in the Tai–Kadai language family.
In total, some 300,000 speak it worldwide.
Tatana, also known as Sabah Bisaya, is a Sabahan language spoken in Sabah, Malaysia.
The majority of the Lunda can be found in DRC, especially Katanga Province, as well as in Angola.
Suarmin, or Asabano, is a Sepik language spoken in Sandaun Province, Papua-New Guinea.
There are between three and four thousand Mopan speakers in Guatemala and six to eight thousand in Belize.
Sikaritai, Obokuitai, and Eritai constitute a dialect cluster.
He presumes that one of them was Bindal.
Greenlandic Norse is an extinct North Germanic language that was spoken in the Norse settlements of Greenland until their demise in the late 15th century.
In 2000, there were 5 or 6 speakers living in Ita Thaw village, all but one of whom were over the age of sixty.
The line of demarcation between Tosk and Gheg is the Shkumbin River.
East from the Kipsigis, in the Mau forests, live some Okiek speaking tribes.
S'hemm trovaa insemma - là in sul segraa
Umatilla is a variety of Southern Sahaptin, part of the Sahaptian subfamily of the Plateau Penutian group.
The number of speakers of Montserrat Creole is below 10,000.
It is conventionally dated between 1050 and 1350, developing from Old High German and into Early New High German.
In Pakistan, Marwari is generally written using a modified version of the Arabic Alphabet.
Yura ngarwala is a widely used term for the Adnyamathanha language.
The name Manenguba is the mountain range the speakers live on.
Walak is a Papuan language of the Indonesian New Guinea Highlands.
However, it has not been grammatically simplified to the same extent.
Bongwe is a minor Bantu language of Gabon.
Laxudumau, spoken in the village of Lakudumau, may be a transitional dialect to Kara or a separate language.
Drehu is an Austronesian language mostly spoken on Lifou Island, Loyalty Islands, New Caledonia.
Hinukh is very closely related to Tsez, but they are not entirely mutually intelligible.
On the Internet, it is well-recognized as an example of the altlang genre, much like Brithenig and Breathanach.
Shua , or Shwakhwe, is a Khoe language of Botswana.
The dialects began in the late 15th century, when Frisia lost its political independence to the Netherlands.
Bhojpuri is also spoken in Pakistan, Jamaica, Belize, other parts of the Caribbean and South Africa.
Bokoto is a Gbaya language of the Central African Republic.
It is classified as a variety of Ogiek by Rottland and Sommer, but is assimilated to Nandi.
Progress finally came as a result of rejecting the presumption of Greek phonetic values.
It has 50% lexical similarity with Ari, its closest relative.
Avokaya is a Central Sudanic language spoken in southern South Sudan and parts of the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Apart from the town of Qaanaaq, Inuktun is also spoken in the villages of Muriuhaq, Hiurapaluk, Qikiqtat, Qikiqtarhuaq, Havighivik.
Autonyms are kaːŋ˩ peu̯˥ and kaːŋ˩ paːu̯˥.
Modern Hebrew or Israeli Hebrew, generally referred to by speakers simply as Hebrew, is the standard form of the Hebrew language spoken today.
There are also Nedebang speakers in Air Panas, administratively part of Balungada but located 1 km from the main village.
Emirati Sign Language is a deaf sign language of the United Arab Emirates.
These languages are from distinct branches of the highest level of the Sino-Tibetan family.
It is one of the Northern Ryukyuan languages, which are a sub-branch within the Japonic languages family.
Cantan is a Loloish language of northern Laos.
Lamu-Lamu, also known by the clan name Mba Rumbathama, is a Paman language of Queensland, Australia.
Mer is a Papuan language spoken in Papua province of Indonesia.
The Sogdian language is usually assigned to a Northeastern group of the Iranian languages, although this is a Sprachbund rather than a genetic group.
Nobiin, or Mahas, is a Northern Nubian language of the Nilo-Saharan phylum.
It is the principal language of the Baloch people.
Calusa territory reached from Charlotte Harbor to Cape Sable, all of present-day Charlotte and Lee counties, and may have included the Florida Keys at times.
Central Cagayan Agta, also known as Labin Agta, is an Aeta language of Cagayan Province, northern Philippines.
The Toda language may have originated from Old Kannada.
Bana is a Loloish language of northern Laos.
Recordings of the language were made by Sydney Lamb between 1953-1957.
The Jindyworobak Movement claimed to have taken their name from a Woiwurrung phrase jindi worobak meaning to annex or join.
Uya, also known as Usu, is a Rai Coast language spoken in Madang Province, Papua New Guinea.
However, Calabrian Greek has never experienced an extensive growth period during its history.
Ethnologue moved the Hamba dialect to a different branch of Bantu.
The Tōkai–Tōsan dialect is a group of the transitional Japanese dialects spoken in the southern and eastern Chūbu region.
These Inuit are called Uummarmiut – which means people of the green trees – in reference to their settlements near the tree line.
The Central Alaskan Yupik who live on Nunivak Island call themselves Cup'ig.
It is spoken by the Saulteaux, a sub-Nation of the Ojibwe people, in southern Manitoba and southern Saskatchewan, Canada, westward from Lake Winnipeg.
Besides the typical /l/, it has a "laterally released velar affricate" which is voiced medially and voiceless finally.
Nonuya is a nearly extinct language of Colombia and Peru.
Their number are not included in the population estimate at right.
Bussa is highly influenced by surrounding Cushitic and Omotic languages and should be considered endangered according to Gurmu.
Refugees from East Prussia and Silesia settled there after their dispossession from former German areas.
Bantawa is spoken in subject-object-verb order, and has no noun classes or genders.
The speakers of Kazukuru gradually merged with the Roviana people from the sixteenth century onward, and adopted Roviana as their language.
Saluan, or Loinang after one of its dialects, is the main language of the eastern peninsula of the island of Sulawesi.
Atatláhuca–San Miguel Mixtec is a diverse Mixtec language of Oaxaca.
It is called Tai Yai, or Tai Long in the Tai languages.
Kamassian was spoken in Russia, east of the Ural mountains, by Kamasins.
Goldogrin is a constructed language devised by J. R. R. Tolkien and used in his secondary world, often called Middle-earth.
It was the official language of the Mauryan court, in which the edicts of Ashoka were composed.
The Venda language is related to Kalanga which is spoken in Botswana and Zimbabwe.
It is a form of Tōhoku-ben, and can be broken down into sub-regional branches that vary from area to area within Yamagata.
They are known by the Kua-nsi as kʰua˧ma˧sɨ˥.
It has consonants with trilled release such as /dr/ and /ɡ͡bʙ/.
Jaqaru is a language of the Aymaran family.
In 2007, Maithili was included in the Interim Constitution of Nepal 2063, Part 1, Section 5 as a Nepalese language.
It is spoken in northeastern Gabon, Ogooué-Ivindo Province and in some areas of Republic of Congo.
It is spoken by about 200 people in Manzhang 曼仗, Mengla District 勐拉地区, Jinping County, Honghe Prefecture, Yunnan, China.
As of 2010 there are only about 1,050 speakers of the language.
The Zhongshan Min people settled in the region from Fujian Province as early as the Northern Song dynasty period.
Phunoi is a Loloish language of Laos.
Kajkavian  is a South Slavic regiolect spoken primarily by Croats in much of Central Croatia, Gorski Kotar and northern Istria.
With the loss of the generation that lived in the Dutch East Indies era, this language has almost died out.
The Kukuya language, Kikukuya [kìkýkçȳā], also transcribed Kukẅa and known as Southern Teke, is a member of the Teke dialect continuum of the Congolese plateau.
Doteli, or Dotyali is an Indo-Aryan language spoken by about 800,000 people, most of whom live in Nepal.
Megleno-Romanian is a Romance language, similar to Aromanian and Romanian, or a dialect of the Romanian language.
Dzao Min, is a Hmong–Mien language of China.
The endonym is Mhong, though it shares this with Gejia and it is simply a variant spelling of Hmong.
Doka is a Plateau language of Nigeria.
Vocabularies and grammars based on these materials include Aguilar Penagos and Carpio-Penagos and Álvarez-Vázquez.
The hills of their homeland gradually rise from an elevation of 5,000 to 14,000 feet.
About two thousand speakers densely live in Krasnovishersky District.
Ngala is a Zande language spoken in the northeast of the Democratic Republic of the Congo that was first described by Stefano Santandrea.
The group is sometimes called Boni, referring to a notorious leader, Bokilifu Boni.
South Oran Berber or Figuig Berber is a cluster of the Zenati languages, which belong to the Berber branch of the Afroasiatic family.
Suki is a Gogodala-Suki language spoken by about 3500 people several miles inland along the Fly River in southwestern Papua New Guinea.
Like the neighbouring languages Serer and Fula, it belongs to the Senegambian branch of the Niger–Congo language family.
The Kiowa tribal center is located in Carnegie.
In Alaska, Gwich’in is spoken in Beaver, Circle, Fort Yukon, Chalkyitsik, Birch Creek, Arctic Village, Eagle, and Venetie.
It is not intelligible with neighboring languages, nor with American Sign Language, but speakers report that it has historical connections with Uruguayan Sign Language.
Nisa-Anasi is lexically similar to the East Geelvink Bay languages and presumably belongs in that family.
Most individuals speak Pashto in addition to Tregami.
Consequently, Canadian Ukrainian began to develop in new directions from the language in the "Old Country".
Three of them are rather divergent, on the verge of being distinct languages:
There was once an Amba pidgin called Vamba, now extinct.
Speakers have no permanent contact with the outside world.
The most extensive description of Woni to date is that of Yang.
Ubaghara is an Upper Cross River language of Nigeria.
Nakrehé is an extinct Botocudoan language of Brazil, related to Krenak.
Typically classified as part of the Digil group of languages, Jiiddu has a different phonology and sentence structure from Somali.
In 1962, there were four fluent speakers out of an ethnic group of 200, all elderly; the last of these died in 1988.
The language is closely related to Central Kalapuya, spoken by related groups in the central and southern Willamette Valley.
The Tübatulabal term for the Tübatulabal language is pakaːnil.
Kullu is a Western Pahari language spoken in Himachal Pradesh.
Dialects include Liushi Miao 六十苗, Sishi Miao 四十苗, and Ershi Miao 二十苗.
In Myitkyina town and Putao town, there are literacy and language trainings in every year.
The total ethnic population was 8,000 in 1977, but most have switched to English.
Qaqet, or Baining, is a Papuan language spoken in East New Britain Province on the island of New Britain, Papua New Guinea.
Mander is a nearly extinct Papuan language of Indonesia.
The writing system includes four simple vowels, and four double vowels:
The name derives from the phrase bae raka 'people of the seaside'.
The Siamou language, also known as Sɛmɛ, is a Kru language of the Niger–Congo language family.
The Ch'ol language is a member of the western branch of the Mayan language family used by the Ch'ol people in the Mexican state of Chiapas.
Xipaya is an endangered language spoken in the Pará region of Brazil.
There are four major dialects: Kulamanen, Tigwa, Tala Ingod, and Matigsalug Proper.
Their culture has the most complex cultural, economic and political system of Papua New Guinea, that has been sustaining this culture long before the colonial period.
It sounds more like Hipma though there are some Bulekiye influences in it.
Nusa Laut is an Austronesian language spoken on the island of the same name in the Moluccas in eastern Indonesia.
Miriti is an extinct Tucanoan language of Brazil.
Geruma is an Afro-Asiatic language spoken in Nigeria.
It is part of the Binanderean family of the Trans–New Guinea phylum of languages.
It should not be confused with Petjo, a different Dutch- and Malay-based creole also spoken by Indo-Eurasians.
Wenedyk plays a role in the alternate history of Ill Bethisad, where it is one of the official languages of the Republic of the Two Crowns.
Bay Miwok was one of the Miwok languages spoken in California, around San Francisco Bay.
It was introduced in Harvey as a cover term for the named dialects,
Panim is a Papuan language of Papua New Guinea.
The Leitre "dialect" is a distinct language, but has no ISO code.
Bumbita is an Arapesh language of Papua New Guinea spoken mainly by older adults, unlike other Arapesh languages.
It shared half of its basic vocabulary with the Rasawa language, but it's not clear that they were related.
Mende is a tonal language belonging to the Mande branch of the Niger–Congo language family.
Yabaâna is an extinct Arawakan language of Brazil.
Their usage remained controversial and they achieved only limited public acceptance, along with some proposed alternative spellings.
Chiac uses primarily French syntax with French-English vocabulary and phrase forms.
According to Ethnologue, it is not fully intelligible with other varieties of Inland Ijaw.
Ninde, or Labo is an Oceanic language spoken by about 1,100 people in the Southwest Bay area of Malekula island, in Vanuatu.
The three dialects, Affiniam, Bandial proper, and Elun are divergent, on the border between dialects and distinct languages.
Maku and Macusa are pejorative Arawak terms applied to many local languages, not anything specific to Carabayo.
Dogoso, or Black Dogose, is a Gur language of Burkina Faso.
There is no concrete evidence for connections to other languages at this time.
Kassonke is a national language in Mali.
It is spoken mainly in Lai Châu Province, Vietnam and across the border in Jinping County, China.
It is regarded as the standard common language in Jian'ou.
The Lombo language is in the Kele language group of Bantu languages.
It is not closely related to other languages.
Dan is a tonal language, with three main tones and two glide/contour tones.
It is a divergent Zapotec language, having only 10% intelligibility with its closest relative, Zaniza Zapotec.
The Igdalen and Iberogan used it to refer to all Northern Songhay speech forms.
The original MOO server was authored by Stephen White, based on his experience from creating the programmable TinyMUCK system.
It is spoken mainly in parts of the North Caucasus republics of Kabardino-Balkaria and Karachay-Cherkessia and in Turkey, Jordan and Syria.
The Warumungu language is spoken by the Warumungu people in Australia's Northern Territory.
The language has a distinct writing system, created by German missionaries from the Moravian Church in Greenland in the 1760s.
Tïcuna is also known as Magta, Maguta, Tucuna/Tukuna, and Tukna.
Kipsigis is part of the Kenyan Kalenjin dialect cluster, commonly called Nandi.
It is part of the Wee dialect continuum.
However, Egland & Bartholomew found it to have only 55% intelligible with the Cahuatache dialect of Alacatlatzala, the only variety of Mixtec it was compared to.
Like many of the Limburgish dialects spoken in neighbouring Belgian Limburg, Maastrichtian retained much Gallo-Romance influences in its vocabulary.
Today, Bengali is the primary language spoken in Bangladesh and the second most widely spoken language in India.
Adjukru is a language of uncertain classification within the Kwa branch of the Niger–Congo family.
Ledo Kaili is the largest member of the Kaili languages, which are a dialect chain within the Kaili–Pamona language family.
Today, the creole mostly survives in the speech of a few elders, and the use of non-standard pronunciations and terminology by a wider population.
In 1993 it was spoken by about 15,000 people.
Lisu is a tonal Tibeto-Burman language spoken in Yunnan, northern Burma, and Thailand and a small part of India.
The Roshan area is located in the northern part of the Shighnan District, in the Badakhshan Province of Afghanistan.
The Gaelic cultural identity community is a vibrant part of Nova Scotia's diverse peoples and communities.
The Tequesta Native American tribe, at the time of first European contact, occupied an area along the southeastern Atlantic coast of Florida.
For example, "yugata"(夕方 evening) is pronunciated as "yukada" and "zabuton"(座布団cushion) is pronunciated as "zapton" by some speakers.
Moikodi, or Doriri, is a Papuan language spoken in Oro Province, in the "tail" of Papua New Guinea.
Harsusi is a Semitic language of Oman, spoken by the Harasis people.
Ashéninka is a locally official language in Peru, as are all native Peruvian languages.
Calusa society developed from that of archaic peoples of the Everglades region.
It has a complex system of tone and vowel length compared to other Chinantec languages.
Chaura, or Tutet, is one of the Nicobarese languages spoken on the Nicobar Islands.
The two languages are closely related, and Digo also has much vocabulary borrowed from neighbouring Swahili dialects.
Halang, also known as Salang, is a Bahnaric language of the Mon–Khmer branch of the Austroasiatic language family.
Boyd assigned it a branch within Waja–Jen.
It has said to consist of two dialects, "Doko" and "Dollo".
Mutual intelligibility with the rest of the sign languages used in Spain, including Portuguese Sign Language, is generally high due to a highly shared lexicon.
It is part of the Austroasiatic language family of which it has by far the most speakers.
It is a dialect of the Beti language, and is intelligible with Bulu, Eton, and Fang.
Kaufman said that 'only Greenberg dares to classify this language', due to the lack of data on it.
^ Hammarström, Harald; Forkel, Robert; Haspelmath, Martin; Bank, Sebastian, eds.. "Kembra".
According to the 2001 census, there are about 889,000 Garo speakers in India alone; another 130,000 are found in Bangladesh.
Vilela is an extinct language last spoken in the Resistencia area of Argentina and in the eastern Chaco near the Paraguayan border.
Gbətsu is a Plateau language of Nigeria.
The Sama are one of the most widely dispersed peoples in Southeast Asia.
Mumviri is spoken in the Mangul, Sasku and Gabalgrom in the Bashgal Valley.
The Jingpho alphabet is based on the Latin script.
Kol villages include Babudaing in Rajshahi Division, Bangladesh, while Koda-speaking villages include Kundang and Krishnupur.
This subdialect was once considered independent; however, today it is considered a part of Ijekavian Neoshtokavian.
The Kulina Pano people live in the village of Aldeia Pedro Lopes on the middle stretch of the Curuçá River in Amazonas.
Lawangan has a high degree of dialectal diversity.
In Sormano, Caglio, Rezzago there are influences from dialect of Pian del Tivano, which has isolated characteristics and from Laghée.
The dialects in the east, called Harlinger Platt, are strongly influenced by Northern Low Saxon of Oldenburg.
Descendants of intermarriage between the Roma and non-Roma populations;
Gaelic has been spoken for 241 years in Nova Scotia: on Cape Breton Island and on the northeastern Nova Scotia mainland.
Most of the 2000 ethnic Jaqaru have migrated to Lima.
Bhili is a member of the Bhil language family, which is related to Gujarati and the Rajasthani language.
Sichuanese can be further divided into a number of dialects, Chengdu–Chongqing dialect, Minjiang dialect, Renshou–Fushun dialect, and Ya'an–Shimian dialect.
Their language may be a dialect of Rungus.
Dogri speakers are called Dogras, and the Dogri-speaking region is called Duggar.
It is mostly spoken in Lango sub-region, in the Northern Region, by approximately 1.8 million speakers, or five percent of the population of Uganda.
Spoken Barsoomian has mostly lexical words, with the equivalent of grammatical words such as prepositions and pronouns conveyed telepathically.
To put it simply, when two people cannot understand each other's form of speech, they are different languages.
Lao Nyo is a Southwestern Tai language spoken mostly in Banteay Meanchey Province, Cambodia, as well as in Aranyaprathet District, Sa Kaew Province, Thailand.
The Bondum language, Bondum Dom, is a Dogon language spoken in Mali.
Swiss Italian dialects are spoken in emigrant communities around the world, including in Australia.
Occasionally, such names are also found in early Egyptian texts; and one placename "Sənīr" for Mount Hermon, is known from the Bible.
Indian French is a dialect of French spoken by Indians in the former colonies of Puducherry and Chandannagar.
The Arapaho language is one of the Plains Algonquian languages, closely related to Gros Ventre and other Arapahoan languages.
It is traditionally classified as a Western Beboid language, but that has not been demonstrated to be a valid family.
The two are generally treated as distinct languages out of deference to the political separation of the two groups.
The name of the language traces its origin to the Esperanto word ido, meaning "offspring", since the language is a "descendant" of Esperanto.
However, there have been rare instances when it was written in Sinhala or Tamil alphabet.
Betoi or Betoi-Jirara is an extinct language of Venezuela, south of the Apure River near the modern border with Colombia.
Ouargli, or Teggargrent, is a Zenati Berber language.
It is named after Guiyang County, Guizhou, though not all varieties are spoken there.
The number of people speaking the language is only approximately 4,000 in India.
In more specific usage, Halang refers to the dialect spoken in Vietnam, whereas Salang refers to the dialect spoken in Laos.
It is the first language of many of the "Urban ni-Vanuatu", and the second language of much of the rest of the country's residents.
Kesawai is a Rai Coast language spoken in Madang Province, Papua New Guinea.
Nivaclé has a very rich system of directional affixes and clitics, marked primarily on the verbs, sometimes on other parts of speech.
About 5% of Cameroonians are native speakers of the language, while an estimated 50% of the population speak it in some form.
Sambe is unusual in contrasting /k͡p/ and /k͡pʷ/, a rare distinction in the world’s languages.
Dialects are Dimeo, Gudur, Massagal, Mokong, Njeleng, and Zidim.
Bim or Bimin is one of the Ok languages of New Guinea.
It is spoken in northwestern Liberia, primarily in Lofa County.
Eastern Ojibwe is a dialect of the Ojibwe language spoken north of Lake Ontario and east of Georgian Bay in Ontario, Canada.
It is the principal language of the Gambia.
Tribal members have received Rosetta Stone software for learning the language.
There is at least one Apache language immersion school for children in Mescalero.
The chip people are found in Pankshin local government.
Jena: Max Planck Institute for the Science of Human History.
Matanawi was a divergent Amazonian language that appears to be distantly related to the Muran languages.
Wawonii is an Austronesian language of the Wawonii and Menui islands of Indonesia.
Nagamese has two cases, two tenses, three aspectual distinctions and no gender.
Demisa is a Papuan language of the Indonesian province of Papua, on the eastern shore of Cenderawasih Bay.
Plains Miwok, also known as Valley Miwok, was one of the Miwok languages spoken in central California by the Plains Miwok people.
Southern Min is not mutually intelligible with Eastern Min, Pu-Xian Min, any other Min branch, Hakka, Cantonese, Shanghainese or Mandarin.
Zurg, or Kufra, is an extinct Berber language.
Hungarian is a Uralic language of the Ugric group.
The language itself is poorly attested, but it gave rise to numerous loanwords in Old French.
The vast majority of Iraqi Jews have relocated to Israel and have switched to using Hebrew in as their home language.
Batak is a Negrito language spoken on Palawan Island in the Philippines.
Isanzu is a Bantu language of spoken by the Isanzu people south of Lake Eyasi in Tanzania.
Puragi is a Papuan language of the Bird's Head Peninsula of West Papua.
Records of the language they used are scant.
Enga is a language of the East New Guinea Highlands spoken by a quarter-million people in Enga Province, Papua New Guinea.
Pancana is an Austronesian language of Buton Island, off the southeast coast of Sulawesi in Indonesia.
It is also distinct from Alor Malay, a Malay variety which is currently supplanting Alorese as the language of wider communication in the region.
Yagwoia, or Kokwaiyakwa, is an Angan language of Papua New Guinea.
Entwurf einer Grammatik nebst Sprach- und Schriftproben of 1869 could state that Gesenius knew only a quarter of the material Schröder had at hand himself.
Ometepec Nahuatl, also known as Southern Guerrero Nahuatl, is one of the Central Nahuatl languages of south-central Mexico.
The Luren language may have been extinct since the 1960s.
Named after the Angles, one of the Germanic tribes that migrated to England, it ultimately derives its name from the Anglia peninsula in the Baltic Sea.
Both varieties are similar in their phonological, morphological, syntactic and semantic properties.
However, the people had to move to other departments of Colombia like Huila, Tolima and Valle del Cauca.
A reference grammar of the language has been published by Seino van Breugel.
The Ida'an language is a Malayo-Polynesian language spoken by the Ida'an people of Sabah, Malaysia.
Jandiatuba Mayoruna is an extinct indigenous of the Brazilian Amazon basin, near the borders of Peru and Colombia.
With its speakers variously estimated to be between 30,000 and 80,000, the UNESCO designates Svan as a "definitely endangered language".
Gbanziri is a Ubangian language of the Central African Republic and Democratic Republic of the Congo.
This Chinese dialect is spoken as a mother tongue by up to 63.9% of Penang's Chinese community.
The Pauna language, Paunaka, is an almost unknown Arawakan language in South America.
It is a regionally important language, used by the Gilima, Ngbundu, Mbandja and Mono peoples, and is taught in primary schools; 10% are literate in Ngbaka.
Ethnologue lists Keiga Jirru as an alternate name.
Bantang is a Loloish language of northern Laos.
It is also the second most widely spoken Slavic language, after Russian and just ahead of Ukrainian.
Uruguayan Portuguese, also known as fronteiriço and portunhol riverense, is a variety of Portuguese with influences from Spanish.
Kwadi was alternatively known by the varieties of koroka, Cuanhoca and Cuepe.
Several varieties exist, but they are mutually comprehensible to the extent that native speakers of Pattani and Kelantanese often cannot differentiate each other.
Cao Miao is a variety of Dong according to Shi Lin.
Galali is one of the dialects of what linguist Gavan Breen has called the ‘Wilson River Language’.
Of them, 62,908 consider Moravian to be their only native language, and 45,561 are native speakers of both Moravian and Czech.
Radio stations such as Terengganu FM and Hot FM Terengganu mainly used Terengganu Malay in its broadcast along with standard Malaysian.
This group of people called their language kiiKaonde.
As of 2014, Alaska Pacific University in Anchorage is offering classes using the "Where Are Your Keys?"
Telugu is a Dravidian language native to India.
The 'language' of the Garo Scheduled Tribe is a Standardised form of speech used in education, administration, the press and literature.
The dialect has few remaining speakers today.
The language likely became fully extinct by the 6th century CE when it became completely supplanted by Old Nubian.
Hebrew belongs to the West Semitic branch of the Afroasiatic language family.
It is not the only accent of the West Midlands although the term Brummie is often erroneously used in referring to all accents of the region.
Kanikkaran is a language spoken by about 19,000 Kanikkars in southern India.
Nottoway , also called Cheroenhaka, is a language formerly spoken by the Nottoway people.
Their ancestral lands range along the Kenyan coast from the Lamu and Ijara Districts into Southern Somalia's Badaade District.
For example, Kelantan Malay is more popular in the northern town of Besut, district of Terengganu.
You Weiqiong reports that Buxia 布夏 is spoken in 7 villages of Menglong 勐龙.
According to the 2001 National Census, at least 1.63% of the Nepal's total population speaks Bantawa.
Taa is the word for 'human being'; the local name of the language is Taa ǂaan, from ǂaan 'language'.
There are two dialects, Sabanero and Bokotá.
Three dialects are known to exist: Desert, Mountain and Pass, as well as some other sub-dialects.
Lafofa, also Tegem, is a Niger–Congo dialect cluster spoken in the southern Nuba Mountains in the south of Sudan.
Kaili with all of its dialects is one of the largest languages in Sulawesi.
There are an estimated 50,000 Midob speakers in two main dialects, Urrti and Kaageddi.
Considered one of the most flowing and elegant languages of China, it is rich in vowels and conservative in having many initials.
It is not known precisely when the language became extinct.
Prior to 1975 it had also been spoken in southern Sudan.
It is spoken along the Poyeni, Mayapo, Picha, Yori, and Agueni rivers, with some speakers along parts of the Sensa and Vitiricaya rivers, within Junín, Peru.
The language is also known as "San Andrés Creole", "Bende", and "Islander Creole English".
Phuong, or High Katu, is a Katuic language of Vietnam.
Gambian Sign Language is a national sign language used in Gambia by the deaf community there.
Suri is spoken in two dialect by two nationalities, the Tirma and the Chai.
Karami is an extinct Papuan language of Papua New Guinea.
Bustocco and Legnanese are two dialects of the Western Lombard language, spoken in the cities of Busto Arsizio and Legnano.
Spoken Amoynese and Taiwanese are both mixtures of Quanzhou and Zhangzhou spoken dialects.
It is primarily spoken by the Garhwali people who are from the north-western Garhwal Division of the northern Indian state of Uttarakhand in the Indian Himalayas.
Amazon Mayoruna is an extinct indigenous once spoken along the Amazon River, on the borders of Brazil, Peru, and Colombia.
Macaguán is a Guahiban language that was spoken by about 400 people in Colombia.
This makes Pular the most widely spoken indigenous language in the country.
Kenswei Nsei, also Nsei or Mesing, is a Grassfields Bantu language of Cameroon.
In comparison to Modern Mongolian, it is known to have had no long vowels, different vowel harmony and verbal systems and a slightly different case system.
In keeping with this conservatism, the Greenlanders likewise maintained the older runic characteristics, most of which had fallen out of use in other countries.
Some see Minangkabau as a dialect of Malay, while others think of Minangkabau as a proper language.
Sanio, or more precisely Saniyo-Hiyewe, is a Sepik language of northern Papua New Guinea.
It is spoken in parts of southern Ethiopia by the Sidama people, particularly in the densely populated Sidama Zone.
Guru, or Boguru, is a poorly documented South Sudanese Bantu language of uncertain affiliation.
Medan Hokkien is a local variant of Hokkien spoken among the Chinese in Medan, Indonesia.
Enough was recorded for a brief grammatical monograph to be written.
Beyond several sites in eastern Georgia, an Armazic-type inscription is also present on the temple of Garni in Armenia.
It was originally spoken in Ohio, West Virginia, Kentucky, and Pennsylvania.
Trinidadian English Creole is a creole language commonly spoken throughout the island of Trinidad in Trinidad and Tobago.
A more refined division proposes three major groups: Western Prinmi, Central Prinmi and Northern Prinmi.
It is the dialectal basis for all modern literary Serbo-Croatian standards: Bosnian, Croatian, Serbian, and Montenegrin.
Dutton conceived Speedwords not only as a system of shorthand but as an auxiliary spoken language; thus, he provided rules of pronunciation.
The language is spoken by the nomadic Sansi people.
Its linguistic lineage stems from the Jewish Koine spoken primarily by Hellenistic Jews throughout the region, and includes Hebrew and Aramaic elements.
A splinter group, the Mỹky, however, moved to escape assimilation, and were isolated until 1971.
It has around 2,500 to 3,000 speakers.
Most native speakers live in Lanping, Ninglang, Lijiang, Weixi and Muli.
Tumi is a Kainji language of Nigeria.
The Maraghei Tati is closely related to Talysh and Gozarkhani, and falls under the Qazvinic language.
Sahaptin is spoken by various tribes of the Washington Reservations; Yakama, Warm Springs, Umatilla; and also spoken in many smaller communities, including one in Oregon, Celilo.
For "East Uvean" or "Fakauvea", the language of Wallis Island, see Wallisian language.
Nkukoli is an Upper Cross River language of Nigeria.
It is spoken on Kurudu Island, located in Cenderawasih Bay between Serui Island of the Yapen Islands, and the New Guinea mainland.
The word "Magyar" is used as an English and Hungarian word to refer to Hungarian people as an ethnic group.
Vaals dialect is a Ripuarian dialect spoken in Vaals.
Berawan is an Austronesian language of Sarawak.
According to Ethnologue, it is a "synthesis" of Tagalog, Cebuano, and other Visayan languages.
The Yimas language is spoken by the Yimas people of Papua New Guinea.
Lodhi is a Munda language, or perhaps dialect cluster, of India that has been strongly influenced by neighboring Eastern Indic languages.
Carolinian is a threatened language according to ELCat, but available data is scarce.
It is unrelated to Taiwanese Sign Language.
It is spoken in the county-level city of Fuqing, situated within the prefecture-level city of Fuzhou.
Among Pai Tavyetera people, language use is shifting towards Guaraní.
Since that language remains untranslated, it is not certain that Eteocretan and Minoan are related.
The isolated nature of Akha communities has also resulted in several villages with divergent dialects.
This number is diminishing as social pressures increase to use English, leaving many Cree children without a fluent command of Cree.
Bokmål is an official written standard for the Norwegian language, alongside Nynorsk.
Antillean Creole is related to Haitian Creole but has a number of distinctive features; however, they are mutually intelligible.
Avestan language developed in ancient Persia, was the language of Zoroastrianism, but was a dead language in the Sasanian period.
Additionally, there is a native name for both dialects as a whole: Rerang, which is unusual in West Kainji languages.
A number of Tektitek speakers have settled in Mexico.
There are ongoing efforts to identify and classify this language cluster and the language differences.
This was the first example of the transliteration of Malay into the Latin script, and used as a tool of the missionaries in Eastern Indonesia.
Most people transcribe Dhimal into Devanagari and there are standard conventions for extra phonological distinctions.
Kalabari language words have been proposed for some modern technical terms.
The language is reported to have gone extinct in the early to mid 20th century.
The Amharic examples in the sections below use one system that is common, though not universal, among linguists specialising in Ethiopian Semitic languages.
The Purnululu Bungle Bungle National Park is mostly in Gija country.
Yeyi speakers in the Caprivi Strip of north-eastern Namibia, however, retain Yeyi in villages, but may also speak the regional lingua franca, Lozi.
Maimai, is a Torricelli language of Papua New Guinea.
In addition to its classical and literary form, Malay has various regional dialects established before the rise of the Malaccan Sultanate.
Pardhi is a Bhil language, or more likely languages, of India.
Kho'ini is a Tatic dialect or language spoken in northwestern Iran, and is one of many Western Iranian languages.
Mangala [the name of the Bangi lingua franca that became Lingala]
Atayal was one of the source languages of Yilan Creole Japanese.
As a result of this dwindling number of native speakers, Teiwa is listed as an endangered language.
rGyalrong, also rendered Jiarong or sometimes Gyarung, is a subbranch of Rgyalrongic languages, spoken in Western Sichuan, China.
Yopno is one of the Finisterre languages of Papua New Guinea.
Kēlen is a constructed language created by Sylvia Sotomayor.
To native speakers, the proper name is Maya and it is known only as Maya.
It is recognized in the present Constitution of Portugal.
It is the national standard of the Zhuang languages, though in Yunnan a local standard is used.
A related language called Muda is spoken in Nanlianshan District, Jinghong County.
Primitive Irish or Archaic Irish is the oldest known form of the Goidelic languages.
Edmondson considers Laghuu to be related to but not part of the Yi language complex of China.
Speakers of Tai Hongjin live in the Red River and Jinsha River watershed regions of south-central Yunnan.
Maskoy, or Toba-Maskoy, is one of several languages of the Paraguayan Chaco called Toba.
Girawa, also known as Bagasin, is a Papuan language of Papua New Guinea.
In Bahrain, the dialect is primarily spoken in Shia villages and some parts of Manama.
These speakers are specifically from the Magadan region, the Chukot region and the Koryak region.
Mba, also known asManga orMbanga, is a Ubangian language spoken in DRC Congo.
Moxo is any of the Arawakan languages spoken by the Moxo people of Northeastern Bolivia.
It was the main language among Indian tribes in this area, mainly Louisiana.
Moreover, pronunciation pattern of Doteli language is quite similar to Jumli dialect of Nepali.
As Amami does not have recognition within Japan as a language, it is officially known as the Amami dialect.
Alternate names for Kol language include Bikele-Bikay, Bikele-Bikeng, Bekol.
Thai also has a complex orthography and system of relational markers.
The literacy rate in Suki is 5-15%, English is the language of instruction in schools and Hiri Motu is also spoken.
The dialects spoken in East Frisia are closely related to those spoken in the Dutch province of Groningen and in Northern Drenthe.
Dialects are divergent and may be distinct languages; these are Black Khoany, White Khoany, Mung, Hwethom, Khaskhong.
The origin of Assamese language is not clear.
The combined group shared a village with the Bayogoula.
Mamulique is an extinct Comecrudan language of Mexico.
The Zoró dialect is sometimes considered a separate language.
East Timorese Portuguese is a Portuguese dialect spoken in the country of Timor-Leste or East Timor.
Its speakers live on Santa Isabel Island and on the small neighboring Furona Island.
The language became extinct in the nineteenth century, and only few short wordlists remain.
Gurara is a Zenati Berber language spoken in the Gourara region, an archipelago of oases surrounding Timimoun in southwestern Algeria.
Beba’ is a Grassfields Bantu language spoken in Cameroon.
Chinese documents from the 3rd century recorded a few Japanese words, but substantial texts did not appear until the 8th century.
It was used throughout the medieval Christian kingdom of Makuria and its satellite Nobadia.
Maale, is an Omotic language spoken in the Omo Region of Ethiopia by the Male people.
About 6,984,000 of Belarusians declared it their "mother tongue".
Isbukun, the dominant dialect, is mainly spoken in the south of Taiwan.
"When a person speaks into the device in English, it responds with the Chukchansi translation."
Ida Amin who was Kakwa, recruited the Kawa and Nubians to his army, to kill Acholi and Lango people.
About 14,000 people still speak the language, out of 17,003 ethnic Yakkha in Nepal.
Simbari or Chimbari, is an Angan language of Papua New Guinea.
Iyayu is an Edoid language of Ondo State, Nigeria.
Min Zhuang is a recently described Tai language spoken in the Langheng area of Funing County, Yunnan, China, and possibly also southwestern Guangxi province.
Yoke is a poorly documented language spoken by about 200 people in the north of Papua, Indonesia.
The restructuring was so extensive that Magori's family was long in doubt; it was finally established by Dutton in 1976.
The Inpui-speaking people are also found in Peren and Dimapur district of Nagaland.
It is written using the Tibetan script.
Jalapa Mazatec is a Mazatecan language, as of 1990 spoken by ca.
The Ethnologue lists two major dialects of Cuicatec: Tepeuxila Cuicatec and Teutila Cuicatec.
Swedish Sign Language is the sign language used in Sweden.
The Hawaiian alphabet has 13 letters: five vowels and eight consonants, one of which is the glottal stop called ʻokina.
Avar and Russian are used as literary languages locally, even in schools.
Orowe is an Oceanic language of New Caledonia.
Gipuzkoan is a dialect of the Basque language spoken mainly in the province of Gipuzkoa in Basque Country but also in a small part of Navarre.
Medieval Hebrew had many features that distinguished it from older forms of Hebrew.
It is one of the national languages of Guinea and spoken mainly in the coastal region of the country.
Some of these may have been tribal names; others were exonyms.
Ughele is an Oceanic language spoken by about 1200 people on Rendova Island, located in the Western Province of the Solomon Islands.
There is an idiom in Mandarin that specifically describes these qualities of Wu speech: Ngu nung nioe ngiu, which literally means "the tender speech of Wu".
Jonkor Bourmataguil is an Afro-Asiatic language spoken in Chad.
Lisu has many dialects that originate from the country in which they live.
According to Ethnologue, the number of speakers is between 1.5 and 2.5 million.
Burmbar is one of the many languages of the Malekula Coast group of Vanuatu.
The language differences are greatest between the Island and Upriver dialects, with the Downriver dialect providing a central link between the other two.
Buginese is a language spoken by about five million people mainly in the southern part of Sulawesi, Indonesia.
Some alleged languages turn out to be hoaxes, such as the Kukurá language of Brazil or the Taensa language of Louisiana.
Maho lists Southwest Fang as a distinct language.
Otomaco is an extinct language of the Amazon.
Fordata is an Indonesian language spoken is the Tanimbar Islands of the Moluccas.
The 2013 Constitution of Zimbabwe accorded Ndau status as an official language.
However, this is part of a dialect chain, most of whose components are also often called Guarani.
The Yaw dialect is very similar to standard Burmese except for the following rhyme changes:
Most Central Asian Arabs lived in isolated communities and did not favour intermarriages with the local population.
Pagu, named after one of its dialects, is a Papuan Halmahera language of Indonesia.
In the 19th century, Gorani as a language was slowly replaced by Sorani in several cities, both in Iran and Iraq.
Siang, or Ot Siang, is a Barito language of the central Kalimantan, Indonesia.
However, the project encountered difficulties between the city of Bau-Bau, the Hunminjeongeum Society, and the Seoul Metropolitan Government in 2011, and was abandoned in 2012.
Blench argues that Zakhring had borrowed heavily from Midzu and Tibetic, and then later borrowed from Naga languages and Jingpho as well.
Choluteca was originally inhabited by Chorotega groups.
Most information about it has been gathered by various Christian missionary groups...
Written Ukrainian uses a variant of the Cyrillic script.
Bangandu is a Gbaya language of Cameroon and CAR.
70,000 people in the highlands of Eastern Hidalgo, Western Veracruz and Northern Puebla.
It is part of the Numic branch of the Uto-Aztecan language family.
It was spoken by various bands of the Kalapuya peoples who inhabited the valley up through the middle of the 19th century.
It belongs to the Gauwa branch of the Kainantu family of the Kainantu–Goroka languages.
Both Butie and Tuluwe are located near the village of Mpaha.
Written Māori has changed little since then.
The Then language is a Kam–Sui language spoken in Pingtang County, southern Guizhou.
Historically spoken by Louisiana Creole population in lower French Louisiana, Colonial French is generally considered to have been adopted by whites, blacks and Cajuns.
Ngkoth is an extinct Paman language formerly spoken on the Cape York Peninsula of Queensland, Australia, by the Ngkoth people.
According to Golla, there are fewer than a thousand speakers of these dialects.
New England French, a variety spoken in parts of New England in the United States, is essentially a variety of Canadian French.
Bats is the language of the Bats people, a Caucasian minority group, and is part of the Nakh family of Caucasian languages.
All of its speakers are bilingual with standard Dutch.
Most Rushani speakers belong to the Ismaili branch of Shi'a Islam.
However, alongside LSQ, signed French and Pidgin LSQ French exist, where both mix LSQ and French more heavily to varying degrees.
Nandi, also known as Cemual, is a Kalenjin language of Kenya.
A Sanie pinyin orthography had also been developed recently.
Dialects are Demsa, Garoua, Jirai, Kobotachi, Malabu, Ndeewe, Ribaw, Wadi, and Zumu.
The principal Bwa language, Eastern Bobo Wule, is a Gur language of Burkina Faso.
Ese Ejja, also known as Tiatinagua, is a Tacanan language of Bolivia and Peru.
The Tokai–Tosan dialect has three sub-groups: Gifu–Aichi, Echigo, and Nagano–Yamanashi–Shizuoka.
Linguistically, BASL differs from other varieties of ASL in its phonology, syntax, and vocabulary.
Speakers currently reside on the Colville Indian Reservation
It is a member of the Chamic branch of Malayo-Sumbawan languages, and is closely related to the Cham language of central Vietnam.
It was officially created in 1875 at the Valdezia Mission Station and Elim/Waterval/Shirley Mission Stations by two Swiss missionaries, Reverend Paul Berthoud and Reverend Ernest Creux.
It is the most widespread dialect group of the Kurdish languages.
Una Canger classifies the region as part of the eastern area, while Yolanda Lastra classifies it as part of the central area."
Currently, the number of Anong speakers are increasing.
Koruni is a Kurdish tribe of Kurdistan and Fars.
Along with Awadhi, it was one of the two predominant literary languages of North-Central India before the switch to Hindustani in the 19th century.
It is also the language of oral folk literature.
The Rangas joined the Kumauni people and shifted to their language.
But besides latinitas, it was mainly called latine, "in good Latin", or latinius, "good Latin".
Mango is also known and Mongo, Doba, and Mbay Doba.
The Sarli speakers follow their own branch of Yarsanism.
Inpui, or Inpui Naga, is a Naga language spoken in 16 villages of Senapati district, Tamenglong district, and Imphal district in Manipur, India.
Rangkas was spoken in Darchula and Munsyari tahsils, Johar valley, Pithoragarh District, Uttarakhand, India.
Central Ojibwa is an Algonquian language spoken in Ontario, Canada from Lake Nipigon in the west to Lake Nipissing in the east.
Some dialects self-identified as Asmat may be closer to Citak, though Tamnim Citak is a varietmloy of Asmat.
The language is referred to by its speakers as Adygebze or Adəgăbză, and alternatively transliterated in English as Adygean, Adygeyan or Adygei.
Kelon, or Klon, is a Papuan language of the western tip of Alor Island in the Alor archipelago of East Nusa Tenggara, Indonesia.
Also the plural markers that nouns bear differ depending on whether the noun is masculine or feminine.
Weitou dialect language"; Jyutping: Waitau Waa) is a dialect of Yue Chinese.
There are loan words from both Arabic and French.
In the meantime, Spanish colonists coexisted with and intermarried with Puebloan peoples and Navajos.
Significant documentation of the language was undertaken by the Saliba-Logea documentation project, and hundreds of audio-video resources can be found in the project archive.
Later, Early Modern Latin and Modern Latin evolved.
It is quite different from Standard Tibetan.
If their slavedriver spoke English, they started to learn it.
Ancient Hebrew is also the liturgical tongue of the Samaritans, while modern Hebrew or Arabic is their vernacular.
Ravula, known locally as Yerava or Adiyan, is a Dravidian language of Karnataka and Kerala.
Piti is a minor Kainji language of Nigeria.
Shama, or Shama-Sambuga after its two dialects, is a Kainji language of Nigeria.
Wangkumara is notable for being a language with a tripartite verbal alignment.
Because of export trades which concentrated in Waingapu in the 19th century, the language of the Kambera region has become the bridging language in eastern Sumba.
It evolved into Middle Dutch around the 12th century.
Dongguan Hakka, spoken by Hakka inhabitants in the Eastern part of Dongguan county and extreme North of Bao’an county.
The creole was formed when slaves owned by English planters imitated the English of their enslavers but pronounced it with their own inflections.
Other names and spellings are Coobenpil; Djandai; Djendewal; Dsandai; Goenpul; Janday; Jendairwal; Jundai; Koenpel; Noogoon; Tchandi.
There were some 4,000 speakers in 1998, comprising the entire ethnic population.
Anguillan Creole is a dialect of Leeward Caribbean Creole English spoken in Anguilla, an island and British Overseas Territory in the Caribbean.
The language is also spoken by Gujjars of Pakistan in Azad Jammu & Kashmir and Hazara region.
The Sasak language is spoken by the Sasak ethnic group, which make up the majority of the population of Lombok in Indonesia.
The differences, however, do not present any difficulty in comprehension between speakers of these dialects, due to their close interaction.
The literary language of the Chagatai Khanate is considered a later form of Middle Turkic.
This results in a distinct "clipped" sound compared to other forms of Mandarin.
However, this may be an effect of the paucity of data on Elseng.
-ĉaw "in, on, at" or -piqta, -piq "from, out of".
Od is an unclassified Indic language of Pakistan.
It is spoken primarily in south-eastern Bihar and north-eastern Jharkhand of India.
Many features of Tosa dialect are shared with neighbouring Hata dialect, spoken in the western part of Kōchi Prefecture.
It is declining as most inhabitants have shifted to Cebuano.
To some extent, Russian, Ukrainian, and Belarusian are mutually intelligible.
Vasi-vari belongs to the Indo-European language family, and is on the Nuristani group of the Indo-Iranian branch.
Kol is a Niger–Congo language of the Bantu family.
Ndombe is a Bantu language of Angola.
Muthuvan is a tribal Dravidian language related to Tamil.
Slovincian and Kashubian are both classified as Pomeranian.
Wurm and Hattori classify Arigibi as a separate language.
The records of this language are extremely sparse.
There is an ongoing political debate over which alphabet to use as the standard alphabet of written Mapudungun.
It is mostly spoken in Gascony and Béarn in southwestern France and in the Aran Valley of Catalonia.
There appears to be an obvious and strict rule of change from in Yoruba to in Oworo.
The Maléku Jaíka language, also called Guatuso, Watuso-Wétar, and Guetar, is an indigenous language of north central Costa Rica.
There have been several attempts to establish a writing system for the Venetian form spoken in Chipilo.
One was that possessives were formed with punya 'its owner'; another was that plural pronouns were formed with orang 'person'.
In line with oralist philosophy, deaf schools attempt early intervention with hearing aids etc., but these are largely dysfunctional in an impoverished society.
Erman also published the first Middle Egyptian grammar in 1894, surpassed in 1927 by Alan Gardiner's monumental work.
The list collected by George Augustus Robinson at West Point is divergent, and falls out as a separate language in Bowern.
The Wintuan family of languages was spoken in the Sacramento River Valley and in adjacent areas up to the Carquinez Strait of San Francisco Bay.
Spanish was brought to Mexico in the 16th century.
The Eastern Saharan branch includes the Zaghawa language and Berti language.
Old East Slavic was the colloquial language used in Kievan Rus'.
Interglossa was published in 1943 as just a draft of an auxiliary.
Luhya is a Bantu language of western Kenya.
It is an Austronesian language with an SVO phrase structure.
Wuunjo, including Kiruwa, Kilema, Mamba, Moramu, Mwika
Old Frisian evolved into Middle Frisian, spoken from the 16th to the 19th century.
This includes 280,000 people in China, 200,000 in Burma, 134,000 in Laos, 83,000 in Thailand, and 4,960 in Vietnam.
Smaller communities may be found Vadodara and Surat districts of Gujarat and in south western Madhya pradesh.
There is a description of the language written in Chinese: Huang Bufan 1991.
Gwandara are situated among these areas; Federal Capital Territory Abuja, Niger state,Nasarawa state, and some part of Kogi state.
The language belongs to the Indo-Iranian language group.
Even though Spanish is the official language of Nicaragua and Honduras, its influence on Miskito is much more recent and hence more superficial.
This suggests that USL may be a creole of the local languages that the deaf students created informally in the different schools.
It has about 650,000 speakers in Mozambique and a further 90,000 in South Africa, with dialects including Konde, Putru and Kalanga.
Zumbun is an Afro-Asiatic language spoken in Bauchi State, Nigeria, in Jimbim settlement, Darazo LGA.
Words are stressed on the final syllable, hence many words conform to the typical Mon–Khmer pattern of a stressed syllable preceded by a minor syllable.
Wandala, also Mandara or Mura', is an Afro-Asiatic language of Cameroon and Nigeria.
It is also known as Humurana, Roamaina, Numurana, Umurano, and Mayna.
Like all Northwest Caucasian languages, Kabardian is ergative and has an extremely complex verbal system.
So at one time the Paipai might have been with the other tribes.
Within the Italic languages it is closely related to the Oscan group and is therefore associated with it in the group of Osco-Umbrian languages.
The popular Acadian rap group Radio Radio have also raised the profile of Chiac by rapping almost exclusively in that language.
Mbelala, or Tombelala, is a language of Central Sulawesi, Indonesia.
These are Timba, Lili, Yolo/Paripazo, Jamundi, and Puscajae/Pile.
Ri kase no e jikela mo spacing.
It is a dialect cluster spoken by several related peoples.
Ghiatas, Maghraouas and Meknassas: the three tribes –that aren't part of any larger confederacy– are fully Jebli-speaking ;
There are also about 220 speakers in the city of Yellowknife.
Bumaji is a Bendi language of Nigeria.
It is an Austronesian language of the Celebic branch.
The language is also referred to as Madiin, Koma, South Koma, Central Koma, Gokwom and Hayahaya.
The vocabulary of Stadsfries is derived primarily from Dutch.
There may, however, have been a few elderly speakers of an unattested Kwisi language in the 1960s.
in 2014, the whole Myanmar census, the Government did official catalogue all the majorities and minorities groups.
It was also spoken in much of Yoro Department, but only a few speakers were reported in the Yoro Valley in 1974.
The most populous dialect, and the one most widely understood, is called Medje.
The Ngen dialect, perhaps a closely related language, is spelled various ways, including Gan, Ngain, Ngan, Ngin, Nguin.
Most Piipaash reside at Maricopa Colony on the Gila River Indian Community, and most Xalychidom reside at Salt River.
Lithuanian is a Baltic language, related to Latvian.
Another speaker was Annie Miner Peterson, who worked with linguist Melville Jacobs to document the language.
It comes after Grabar and before Ashkharhabar.
Significant changes in pronunciation took place, especially for long vowels and diphthongs, which in the later Middle English period began to undergo the Great Vowel Shift.
Among Philippine languages, it is the only one that is not an Austronesian language, but like Malayo-Polynesian languages, it uses reduplication.
Others include Catalan in this family, as the distance between this language and some Occitan dialects is similar to the distance among different Occitan dialects.
The people are predominantly Hindu, and use the Hindi language for worship.
It was spoken by about 1,200 people in 1998, 30% of whom were monolingual in the language.
In private life, the dialect is still used relatively frequently in the region.
Salampasu is a Bantu language of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
It consists of Khandeshi proper, and the Dangri and Ahirani dialects.
Sindarin is said to be more changeful than Quenya, and there were during the First Age a number of regional dialects.
The Official Languages Act of Nunavut, passed by the Senate of Canada on June 11, 2009, recognized Inuinnaqtun as one of the official languages of Nunavut.
It is closely related to other Algonquian languages, such as Mesquakie-Sauk and Kickapoo.
As of 1990, there are between 2,500 and 3,000 speakers of Bartangi.
Rajong is a language of central Flores, in East Nusa Tenggara Province, Indonesia.
Huachipaeri is a native language official in the area of its use in Perú.
Although it is the language of the Gond people, only about half of them still speak it.
Also, the name of the language was repeatedly changed by Tolkien from Elfin and Qenya to the eventual Quenya.
Most of them live in Ladakh and Baltistan, especially in Kargil although significant numbers reside in Leh.
Kleinewillinghöfer removed it from Waja–Jen as an independent branch of Adamawa.
Uisai is a South Bougainville language of Bougainville Province, Papua New Guinea.
However, in the language itself, the term Tübatulabal refers only to the Tübatulabal people.
Bantik is an endangered Austronesian language, perhaps a Philippine language, of North Sulawesi, Indonesia.
Cotoname is an extinct language isolate spoken by Native Americans indigenous to the lower Rio Grande Valley of northeastern Mexico and extreme southern Texas.
Naro , also Nharo, is a Khoe language spoken in Ghanzi District of Botswana and in eastern Namibia.
However, the Esan language has been described as regionally important.
Its dialects are Kryts, Jek, Khaput, Yergyudzh, and Alyk, which are all quite distinct and could be considered separate languages.
It is also spoken in other parts of Rio Grande do Sul, as well as in parts of Espirito Santo and of Santa Catarina.
Nearly all of this territory is in the two countries of Chad and Sudan.
Some spurious languages have been proven to not exist.
There are differences in the phonology of the dialects, but communication is possible.
Most of the people in Western Cameroon speak Cameroonian Pidgin English anyway.
Malaysian Sign Language is the principal language of the deaf community of Malaysia.
It is officially recognized by the state and regulated by a national committee.
The Malayan branch represents a secondary dispersal, probably from central Sumatra but possibly also from Borneo.
Dialects are Waropen Kai, Napan, and Ambumi.
Jili is a Plateau language of Nigeria.
Nheengatu originated in northern Brazil in the 17th century as a lingua franca.
Mel is spoken in the following villages of Kratié Province, Cambodia.
It is closely related to the Italian language and especially to its Tuscan branch.
The Chalon language is one of eight Ohlone languages, historically spoken by the Chalon people of Native Americans who lived in Northern California.
Norway is in the process of making NSL an official language.
Pangutaran Sama, also known as Siyama, is the language of the Sama people of the Sulu Archipelago.
Chigmecatitlán Mixtec is a Mixtec language of Puebla, Mexico, spoken in the municipalities of Chigmecatitlán and Acatlán de Osorio.
Today, thanks to archeologist findings and translators, 70 percent of hieroglyphs have been translated, with still much more to decode.
The language was known as Gujjar bhakha, "Gojari" or Gurjar Apabhramsha lately.
Karamay dialect is a Beijing Mandarin dialect spoken by Han Chinese People in northern Xinjiang, China.
Gumuz is a dialect cluster spoken along the border of Ethiopia and Sudan.
Makolkol is a possible Papuan language formerly spoken in East New Britain Province on the island of New Britain, Papua New Guinea.
There are also some speakers in neighbouring Rwanda and southwestern Uganda.
Eastern Hongshuihe Zhuang is a Northern Tai language spoken in Guangxi, China, south of the Qian River and the eastern stretch of the Hongshui River.
Apali, or Emerum, is a Papuan language of Madang Province, Papua New Guinea.
Patani is an Austronesian language of southern Halmahera, Indonesia.
Together with the Anaang and Ukwa languages, they form the Ibibio-Efik languages, a major dialect cluster.
Both articles report that the language was spoken only by a handful of old people at the time, so it is generally presumed to be extinct.
It is agglutinative and follows the word order pattern of subject–object–verb.
Sursurunga is an Oceanic language of New Ireland.
Mokerang is an Austronesian language spoken on Los Negros Island, immediately east of Manus Island in Manus Province, Papua New Guinea.
Zenzontepec Chatino, also known as Northern Chatino, or "Chatino Occidental Alto" is an indigenous Mesoamerican language, one of the Chatino family of the Oto-Manguean languages.
Chico is an extinct Maiduan language formerly spoken by Maidu peoples who lived in Northern California, between Sacramento and the Sierra foothills.
The status of Sylheti is heavily debated where some consider it as a dialect of Bengali, while others consider it as a separate language.
There are two dialects, Columbia and Wenatchi.
The Northwest Indian Language Institute of the University of Oregon formed a partnership to teach Kiksht and Numu in the Warm Springs schools.
By 1965, the visiting anthropologist Frederick Gamst found "no surviving native words, not even relating to their hunting and fishing work tasks."
It is a distinct branch of the Arawe dialect chain.
The dialects have a lexical similarity of 96% among one another, and 83% with the most similar dialect of the Mende language.
Kosraean features possessive classes such as "sihk" for "mine" when referring to dwellings, and "nihmuhk" for "mine" when referring to drinks.
The learning and the usage of the language, as well as the rights of the deaf community in Macedonia are regulated by a national law.
However, research suggests that the roots of MLE are much more complex.
It was spoken by 15 clans south of the Werribee River and the Bellarine Peninsula to Streatham.
Also, Malay spread through interethnic contact and trade across the Malay archipelago as far as the Philippines.
Once significantly-Gaddang communities grew exponentially after WWII due to in-migration of Ilokano, Tagalog, Igorot, and other ethnicities; Gaddang is now a minority language.
The language has expressed a few changes since the beginning of its formation, such as alphabet and phrasing terms.
Marsi is the Latin exonym for an Italic people of ancient Italy, whose chief centre was Marruvium, on the eastern shore of Lake Fucinus.
Singpho is spoken the eastern extreme of northeastern India, such as Bordumsa Circle, Tirap District, Arunachal Pradesh, and also in nearby parts of Lohit District.
Sumtu is a Kukish language spoken in Ann, Minbya, and Myebon townships in Rakhine State, Burma.
However, the material is too scanty to enable a precise determination of the relation of Pre-Samnite either to Oscan or to the other Sabellian languages.
The language is principally known from inscriptions on four stone urns found near the Payagyi pagoda and the multi-lingual Myazedi inscription.
It was originally spoken in three villages near Aqrah in Iraq.
This fact was documented by Dr. Michael E. Krauss of the Alaska Native Language Center at the University of Alaska and is illustrated on the map.
It belongs to the Bak branch of the Niger–Congo language family, and is closely related to the Karon language.
Despite its name, it is not a variety of Kyrgyz but is closer to Khakas.
In eastern Crete about half a dozen inscriptions have been found which, though written in Greek alphabets, are clearly not Greek.
The language is largely intelligible with Baelelea, To'aba'ita, and Lau.
In 1700 the Bayogoula massacred both the Quinipissa and Mougoulacha.
The younger generation are more influenced by Arabic, therefore most only know basic words and phrases.
There are three principal varieties, Hlepho, Ani, and Labo, which may be considered distinct languages.
It belongs to the Finnic branch of the Uralic language family.
Uma’ Lasan is a Kayan language of Borneo.
Other dialects of Kendayan include Ahe, Banana and Belangin.
Esimbi is a Southern Bantoid language of southwestern Cameroon.
There are important differences in the dialects of Xuzhou and Peixian, which show the results of the Shanxi influence.
It is not intelligible with other varieties of Pwo.
Ong Be is a Tai–Kadai language, but it has no close relatives and its relationship within that family has not been determined.
Almost every consonant has a hard or a soft counterpart, and the distinction is a prominent feature of the language.
Specific Walser dialects can be traced to eastern or western dialects of Wallis canton.
It has a canonical word order of object–verb–subject.
It is also named after the river.
It is also spoken in parts of Guinea-Bissau, Sierra Leone, and Senegal.
The Seminole formed by a process of ethnogenesis in the 18th century.
The Hungarian name for the language is magyar [ˈmɒɟɒr] or magyar nyelv.
They have also been known in the past as the Gweabo.
The Nguồn language has been variously described as a dialect of Vietnamese or as the southernmost dialect of Mường.
Phonologically, "Features of the Dizin sound system include glottalized consonants, syllabic nasals, lengthened vowels, three phonemic tone levels and contour tones.
The Platform for Linguistic and Cultural Rights for LSC Users a.k.a.
Recent times, the South Kamrupi dialect has been used in the works of author Indira Goswami with dramatic effects.
However, this does not translate what the community calls it, and is misleading because it is not used elsewhere in Melanesia.
They are classified by the Vietnamese as ethnic Tay people.
In the 17th and 18th centuries, English colonists named the Pee Dee River and the Pee Dee region of South Carolina for the tribe.
South Franconian is a High Franconian dialect which is spoken in the northernmost part of Baden-Württemberg in Germany, around Karlsruhe, Mosbach and Heilbronn.
There is little dialect diversity except for the Dumurali or Kamrup Karbi dialect, which is distinct enough to be considered a separate Karbi language.
Malmariv/Merei is an Oceanic language spoken in north central Espiritu Santo Island in Vanuatu.
Attempts have been made to link Maynas with the Jivaroan, Cahuapanan, Zaparoan, and Candoshi languages, but they have not yet been conclusive.
The name is apparently Timote, as 'Timote' itself derives from ti-motɨ 'Mutú speakers', and mutú or mukú is a common toponym in the region.
Vori is a Kainji language of Nigeria.
This estimation was from the American anthropologist Alfred Kroeber.
The Cappadocians rapidly shifted to Standard Modern Greek and their language was thought to be extinct since the 1960s.
Nouns are marked only for possessor; plural number is marked with a definite article and by a verbal suffix, and some dialects maintain dual number marking.
The language belongs to the Central Maluku branch of Malayo-Polynesian languages; there is no consensus in literature on its attribution to a distinct sub-branch, e.g.
The Dogon dialects of the western plains below the Bandiagara Escarpment is Mali are mutually intelligible.
Lautu is a Kukish language spoken in 17 villages of Matupi and Thantlang townships, Chin State, Burma.
Brithenig was granted the code BZT as part of ISO 639-3.
Egyptian Arabic is a North African dialect of the Arabic language which is a Semitic branch of the Afro-Asiatic language family.
It has influenced sign languages in Australia and South Africa, and has little relation to either spoken Irish or English.
Feroge, endonym Kaligi, is a Ubangian language of South Sudan.
It is preserved by the Beta Israel today.
Nai is one of the Kwomtari languages.
Vocablulary and structural features of Gaddang among native Gaddang speakers have suffered as well, as usages from Ilokano and other languages affect their parole.
An attempt to teach Pumi children to write their language using the Tibetan script has been seen in Ninglang.
The name Anyaran is from the town of Anyaran, where it is spoken.
Kulung is a Kiranti language spoken by an estimated 33,000 people.
Kete is a Bantu language of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The Jijili language, Tanjijili, also known as Ujijili, is a Plateau language of Nigeria.
The Kapishana people now speak Portuguese or other indigenous languages from intermarriage.
The easternmost Didiuhet, near modern Buenos Aires and influenced by the Guarani, were called the Querandí.
It is an official language of Peru, like other native languages in the areas in which they are spoken and are the predominant language in use.
The Baoulé are an Akan people living in the central region of Ivory Coast.
Its speakers are known as Ovimbundu and are an ethnic group constituting a third of Angola's population.
Broken Slavey has recently been documented with a few vocabulary items and phrases and only a little of its grammar and lexicon.
An interesting aspect of Akatek grammar, which is also present in most other Q'anjobalan languages, is the use of directional morphemes, which appear as enclitics.
Bangasa/Bangsa', or more correctly Bangasak, was known as Numbuwul by its neighbors to the north; the endonym is Umbbuul [(u)ᵐʙuːl].
It is classified as a variety of Ogiek by Rottland and Sommer, but is assimilated to Nandi.
The Anii language is spoken in Benin, and central eastern Togo and central eastern Ghana.
The reduced Tunica tribe lived close to the Ofo and Avoyelles tribes, in present-day Louisiana.
Koneraw is a Trans–New Guinea language spoken in West New Guinea.
Osatu is a Grassfields language of Cameroon.
Their language has been widely reported to be related to the neighboring Lakes Plain languages; however, this conclusion is based on little evidence.
Since then, ASL use has propagated widely via schools for the deaf and Deaf community organizations.
Kaang is a Kukish language spoken by about 1,000 people in 3 villages of Mindat township, Chin State, Burma.
Akei, or Tasiriki, is an Oceanic dialect chain spoken on the southwest coast of Espiritu Santo Island in Vanuatu.
Lingarak, also known as Neverver, is an Oceanic language.
Its closest relative is the Erzya language, with which it is not mutually intelligible.
McWhorter speculates this rare linguistic transformation would have occurred to the ancestor of Ngadha and the related Keo and Rongga languages.
Historian Marika Mägi proposes that Curonian was not originally seen as ethnic, but social category, depicting Eastern Baltic seafarers, who often engaged in piracy.
Like other Mesopotamian Arabics and Levantine Arabic, it shows signs of an Aramaic substrate.
Gua is a Guang language spoken by 180,000 in coastal Ghana.
Babylonian Aramaic was the form of Middle Aramaic employed by writers in Babylonia between the 4th century and the 11th century CE.
Nothing is known about the language except its existence and a list of names of Gutian rulers in the Sumerian king list.
Kwanka is an alternate name of the principal dialect, Vaghat; the others are Ya, Bijim, and Legeri.
Most researchers trace the core vocabulary of Old Chinese to Sino-Tibetan, with much early borrowing from neighbouring languages.
In French sources the language is called tachelhit, chelha or chleuh.
The Wendat Community of Quebec is offering adult and children's classes in the Wendat language at its village school in Wendake.
It shares linguistic features both with Egyptian Arabic, as well as Classical Arabic of the Quran.
Atemble, or Mand, is a Papuan language of Madang Province, Papua New Guinea.
Wurm placed it as an independent branch of Trans–New Guinea, but Ross could not find enough evidence to classify it.
Some two thousand inscriptions are known written in the Ancient South Arabian Monumental Script, known as Musnad.
The name Quileute comes from kʷoʔlí·yot’ [kʷoʔléːjotʼ], the name of a village at La Push.
It was traditionally spoken in eastern Turkey and later also in northeastern Syria by Jacobite Syriac-Assyrians.
Educational materials, literature and dictionaries for the language are produced by the Comité de Langue pour l'Etude et la Production des Œuvres Bamiléké-Medumba, based in Bangangte.
A large number of Larantukans today have Portuguese family names, although they are not always immediately recognizable as such.
There are about 11.37 million speakers there and this region occupies about 15,000 square kilometers.
Today, the local deaf community recognizes Singapore Sign Language as a reflection of Singapore's diverse linguistic culture.
Karruwali and Marulta are counted as dialects per Dixon.
The Ngarinyin language, or Eastern Worrorran, is a moribund Australian Aboriginal language of Western Australia.
The language shows evidence of a Papuan substratum.
Modern Chinese Sign Language is the deaf sign language of the People's Republic of China.
29.4% of Belarusians can write, speak, and read Belarusian, while 52.5% can only read and speak it.
The endonym is spelled Mhong, though it shares this with Huishui Miao; it is pronounced [m̥ōŋ], as in the Hmong language.
Fuyug is a language of Papua New Guinea spoken in the Central Province of the country.
Nahuatl has been spoken in central Mexico since at least the seventh century CE.
It is spoken in East Azerbaijan Province, in the Dizmar district, Keringan village, and Hasanu district, northeast of Tabriz.
However, younger generations tend to be familiar with a lot of Miriwoong vocabulary which they use when speaking Kimberley Kriol or Aboriginal English.
Futunan or Futunian is the Polynesian language spoken on Futuna.
In Standard Japanese both are represented by -te-iru.
Initially, it was mainly spoken in an area known as the Pale around Dublin, with mostly Irish spoken throughout the rest of the country.
The language is used mostly by a very few speakers, of great-grandparental generation.
It is today considered to be the second most commonly spoken language in Singapore, after English.
The Yorkshire Dialect Society exists to promote use of the dialect in both humour and in serious linguistics; there is also an East Riding Dialect Society.
They tend to infuse the language with many words from other Chinese dialects, Malay and English.
It was probably a dialect of Azerbaijani.
Despite the similarity of oral Czech and Slovak, it is not particularly close to Slovak Sign Language.
Such topics as syntax and possible inflection or agglutination remain a mystery.
It has only 25% lexical similarity with Yafi, the other Eastern Pauwasi language.
The Ethnologue gives much higher figures for the different Ashéninka varieties.
Its name suggests it is one of the Wik languages, but typologically it is distinct.
Amuzgo is an Oto-Manguean language spoken in the Costa Chica region of the Mexican states of Guerrero and Oaxaca by about 44,000 speakers.
Gude is an Afro-Asiatic language spoken in Nigeria in Adamawa State in Mubi LGA and in Borno State in Askira-Uba LGA.
Jahai is an aboriginal Mon–Khmer language spoken by the Jahai people living in Taman Negeri Diraja Belum of Perak, Malaysia.
Huaulu is a language of Seram, Indonesia.
Today efforts are made by some groups/associations to protect Borbecksch.
Still, Andalusian Arabic remained in use in certain areas of Spain until the final expulsion of the Moriscos at the beginning of the 17th century.
There are slight dialectal differences of the Kamviri speakers of Pakistan.
It is widely used in China, both by Lahu people, and by other ethnic minorities in Yunnan, who use it as a lingua franca.
While distinct regional varieties descended from the older rural dialects still exist, the spoken and written language is uniform and standardized.
The speakers of En live in northern Vietnam near the border with Jingxi County, Guangxi.
Betanure Jewish Neo-Aramaic, the local dialect of Betanure, is among the rarest and most seriously endangered varieties of Aramaic spoken at the present time.
It is one of several Zapotec languages called Papabuco.
It is spoken in the villages such as Makpa, Kharbari, Baksila, Sapteshwor, and Kharmi.
It is not known where "Maridi" was.
Bina is an extinct Austronesian language of Papua New Guinea.
There are three dialect groups, Bao–Tang, Shi–Ji, and Cang–Hui.
The common Swahili name in Tanzania for these languages is Lugha ya Alama.
Tabasco Nahuatl or Nawat of Tabasco is a moribund Nahuan language spoken in Cupilco in the Mexican state of Tabasco.
Courses in "sign language" have been taught in Finland since the 1960s.
Melpa is a Papuan language spoken by about 130,000 people predominantly in Mount Hagen and the surrounding district of Western Highlands Province, Papua New Guinea.
The language is often confused with Kunama, which is at best only distantly related.
There are only two dialects which are Godoberi and Zibirhali, and the main difference is in pronunciation.
It is also related to the Mócheno language.
Yakkha is a language spoken in parts of Nepal, Darjeeling district and Sikkim.
The group's surrounding the areas of Armidale merged with coastal tribes and shared in one of many ceremonies.
Epidemics soon led to a drastic reduction in the Haida population, which became limited to three villages: Masset, Skidegate, and Hydaburg.
They live in three places in the Keficho Shekicho Zone: Anderaccha, Gecha, and Kaabo.
In fact, the true dialect of Borbecksch is not used anymore except for older people.
Torau is an Austronesian language spoken on the east coast of Bougainville, Papua New Guinea.
Speakers of Laomian that live in areas with different ethnic groups mostly speak Laomian in their home, while using the main local ethnic language in public.
Koorete is the language spoken by the Koore people of southern Ethiopia.
The Jagham language, Ejagham, also known as Ekoi, is an Ekoid language of Nigeria and Cameroon.
Mangas is an endangered Afro-Asiatic language spoken in Mangas town in Bauchi State, Nigeria.
According to census data, there are about 3,700 people on the island and on the Chilean mainland who identify as ethnically Rapa Nui.
The Muwekma Ohlone Tribe, which is petitioning for U.S. federal recognition, has made efforts to revive the language.
Bowern thinks it is probably not a Karnic language; Bowern lists it as Maric.
In addition to the large literary corpus, various dictionaries, a few grammar books and a recent translation of the Gospels are available in the language.
It was mutually intelligible with the Greek dialects of the Christian population.
Because the Amri Kingdom is situated inside the Karbi Anglong district of Assam.
Bambassi is an Omotic Afroasiatic language spoken in Ethiopia around the towns of Bambasi and Didessa in the area east of Asosa in Benishangul-Gumuz Region.
Smaller Croatian minorities in western Hungary, southwestern Slovakia and southern Czech Republic are often also called Burgenland Croats.
Roncalese preserves historical nasals which have been lost from other dialects, a fact which has proven valuable in discrediting the aizkora theory.
Zora, or Cokoba in Hausa, is a Kainji language of Nigeria.
The language is the same with different accents in many countries.
Ipai, also known as 'Iipay or Northern Diegueño, is the Native American language spoken by the Kumeyaay people of central San Diego County, California.
Speakers are shifting to Hausa and Fulfulde.
Some sources treat Ikarranggali, and Alngula as synonyms.
"full": Standard Burmese ပြည့် → ပ္လည့်, from old Burmese ပ္လည်
Older analyses posit the cases nominative and genitive and there are some remains of distinct accusative and dative forms as well.
The language is also called as Pampango and honorifically in the Kapampangan language, as Amánung Sísuan, meaning "breastfed/nurtured language".
However, this approach is rather arbitrary as it is more an assumption of political as opposed to cultural and linguistic developments.
It is a Western Pearic language in the Mon–Khmer language family.
The Rushani dialect is noted for a typologically unusual 'double-oblique' construction, also called a 'transitive case', in the past tense.
Each dialect differs in phoneme, distinguishing them from each other.
Tōhoku influence is strongest in coastal areas, especially on the Oshima Peninsula in the south, where the local variety is commonly called Hama-kotoba.
Róngdani or Róngdania, Mayturi or Mayturia and Songga or Kocha.
The Gamilaraay language is also taught in some Australian schools.
Sentani or Buyaka is a Papuan language of Papua, Indonesia.
Itelmen or Western Itelmen, formerly known as Western Kamchadal, is a language of the Chukotko-Kamchatkan family spoken on the western coast of the Kamchatka Peninsula.
The Saga dialect is a dialect of the Japanese language widely spoken in Saga prefecture and some other areas, such as Isahaya.
The Penange Dogon speakers live in the village of Pinia in Bandiagara Cercle and call themselves péná nógè, "Pinia people".
Nasu proper and Wusa Nasu are two of six Yi languages recognized by the government of China.
There is no distinctive vowel length, as vowel sequences are heterosyllabic.
Kwasengen, also known as Hanga Hundi, is one of the Ndu languages of Sepik River region of northern Papua New Guinea.
Ottawa speakers are concerned that their language is endangered as the use of English increases and the number of fluent speakers declines.
By the 6th century, this language of the Celtic Britons had split into the various Brittonic languages: Welsh, Cumbric, Cornish, Breton and perhaps also Pictish.
Klias River Kadazan is an Austronesian language of Sabah, Malaysia.
Differences among the nine or ten Timucua dialects were slight, and appeared to serve mostly to delineate tribal boundaries.
The latter include the Asur and the Agariya.
Louisiana Creole is a French-based creole language spoken by some of the Louisiana Creole people of the state of Louisiana.
The Cuicatecs are an indigenous group of the Mexican state of Oaxaca, closely related to the Mixtecs.
Unlike most other Romance languages, Italian retains Latin's contrast between short and long consonants.
Kimba has three dialects: Kimba, Gaushi and Wənci.
Speakers also inhabit the northern regions of Thimphu and Punakha Districts.
It is a member of the Tai group of the Tai–Kadai language family.
Although Mari is a language known only by approximately eighty people, it is spoken only within the home.
In June 2013, the Izon Fie instructional book and audio CDs were launched at a ceremony attended by officials of the Government of Bayelsa State.
However, children in the community of Børselv can learn Kven in their primary schools.
The Laz language is a Kartvelian language spoken by the Laz people on the southeastern shore of the Black Sea.
Its classification is Afro-Asiatic, Omotic, and Mao.
Mün is a Kukish language of Burma.
It is categorized as part of the Northern Athabaskan language family.
It is spoken in a band across the center of the island, from Poindimié to Ponérihouen.
Old Egyptian is the stage of the Egyptian language spoken from 2600 BC to 2000 BC during the Old Kingdom and First Intermediate Period.
It is also more purely Akan than regular Patois, with little to no contribution from other African languages.
Kunda is a Bantu language of Zimbabwe and Zambia, with a few thousand speakers in Mozambique.
It is a period of transition in which the language sheds many of its archaic features and becomes closer to its modern form.
Sherpa is a language spoken in Nepal and Sikkim mainly by the Sherpa community.
Western Brittonic languages were spoken in Wales and the Hen Ogledd, or "Old North", an area of northern England and southern Scotland.
In rural areas, known as ‘Camp’, the Falkland accent tends to be stronger.
The Gitxsan language , or Gitxsanimaax, is a First Nations language of northwestern British Columbia.
Dutch is one of the closest relatives of both German and English and is said to be roughly in between them.
The development of the mixed language was facilitated by the unusually-deep integration of the Erromintxela people into Basque society and the resultant bilingualism in Basque.
A Singaporean would likely not have trouble conversing with Taiwanese speakers in Singaporean Hokkien, with the exception of some Japanese loanwords.
Hyderabadi Urdu is considered to be the northern dialect of the Dakhini language.
Taimyr Pidgin Russian is a Russian pidgin spoken on the Taimyr Peninsula by the Nganasan people.
The Atikamekw reflex of Proto-Algonquian liquid *l is [ɾ].
Bana is an Afro-Asiatic language spoken in northern Cameroon.
They settled in this area after centuries of migration from the north.
Nagi is also the term for the city and the ethnic group who speak the language.
Gavar is an Afro-Asiatic language spoken in Cameroon in Far North Province.
Verb morphology can be described as either fusional or agglutinating depending on the analysis.
Yambe is a Bantu language of the Gabonese rain forest, near the related language Shiwe.
It was spoken by the Baré people.
Following British, American, and Canadian colonization during the 1800s and the subsequent repression of all Salishan languages, the use of Colville-Okanagan declined drastically.
The Tuscarora School in Lewiston has strived to keep the language alive, teaching children from pre-kindergarten to sixth grade.
The name "Pano Kulina" normally refers to the Kulina language of Curuça.
*dz > z: mossar “big”, kissar “small”, heze “yesterday”, zun- “know”, zumā “son-in-law”; *tsw > sp: isba, espa “dog”, espid “white”, ešpiž “louse”.
Sonia is a Papuan language of Papua New Guinea.
Punjabi is the most widely spoken language in Pakistan, the 11th most widely spoken in India and the third-most spoken native language in the Indian Subcontinent.
See Yolmo language for a description of one of these varieties.
The language of the Terik is closely related to the Elgon languages Pok and especially Bong'om.
Cocama speakers have a 3% literacy rate, compared with 50% for Spanish.
"Kuwema" is also a name of the Tyaraity dialect of Malak-Malak, and "Pungupungu" is now used as a name of Malak-Malak proper.
The four principal varieties of Wetarese on Wetar are distinct enough they may be considered different languages.
Chazée estimates the population at 500, while the 1995 Laotian census places the Lavi population at 538.
Nii is a Trans–New Guinea language of the Chimbu–Wahgi branch spoken in the highlands of Papua New Guinea.
Wanap or Kayik is a Torricelli language of Papua New Guinea.
Limón Coastal Creole is similar to varieties such as Colón Creole, Mískito Coastal Creole, Belizian Kriol, and San Andrés and Providencia Creole.
Sokoro is an Afro-Asiatic language spoken in central Chad.
Its last native speaker was Alf Palmer, who died in 1981.
Like many Native American languages, it is strongly verb-based, with most meaning being incorporated into verbs instead of using separate words for prepositions, tense, etc.
Dendi is a Songhay language used as a trade language across northern Benin.
Phuan is a Tai language spoken in Laos, Thailand and Cambodia.
"Bồi" is the Vietnamese phonetic spelling of the English word "boy", which referred to male household servants.
Ligbi is also known as Wela or Numu.
Boga is an Afro-Asiatic language spoken in the Adamawa State of Nigeria.
Tanema is a nearly extinct language of the island of Vanikoro in the easternmost province of the Solomon Islands.
Late Egyptian succeeded but did not fully supplant Middle Egyptian as a literary language.
Roman authors, such as Sallust, allude to some books written in the Punic language, but none have survived except occasionally in translation or in snippets.
The name "Ngoya" is an Umbundu word meaning "savage".
Most speakers live in Rajasthan, with a quarter million in Sindh and a tenth that number in Nepal.
This is a growing concern because as this population ages and soon passes away, there is fear that the Kven language will die out as well.
It is sometimes considered a dialect of a single Kariri language.
The dialects of Anyin are Sanvi, Indenie, Bini, Bona, Moronou, Djuablin, Ano, Abe, Barabo and Alangua.
Western Neo-Aramaic is a modern Aramaic language.
The Turung language is an extinct language formerly spoken in Assam.
As a dialect of Hindustani, Khariboli is a part of the Western group of the Central Zone of Indo-Aryan languages.
It appears that the text may be a caricature of an actual pidgin, or at least of partially acquired Arabic.
The closest relatives to this language outside the Bicol region are Aklanon, Waray-waray, and to a lesser extent, Tagalog specifically the dialect of Batangas and Marinduque.
However, it is frequently left as an isolate within Malayo-Polynesian.
The term is ultimately derived from Dutch Afrikaans-Hollands meaning "African Dutch".
It is spoken by Kumzaris in the Kumzar coast of Musandam Peninsula, northern Oman.
It had a lexicon partly based on a dialect of the West African language of Ijaw.
Among the Mỹky, however, the language is being passed on to children.
The literary language is based on the Temirgoy dialect.
The largest number of speakers lives in the Cuyo Group of Islands, which is located between Northern Palawan and Panay Island.
The numerals 1–2 are Berber, while higher numerals are Arabic borrowings throughout.
One consideration believes it belongs to the Oghur branch of the Turkic language family, while another consideration is that it belongs to the Oghuz branch.
Oscan was spoken by a number of tribes, including the Samnites, the Aurunci, and the Sidicini.
For instance, Kamchatkan has ejectives, which are common among languages of the Pacific Northwest, but rare in languages of Northeast Asia.
Nearly all Khorasani Turkic speakers are also bilingual in Persian.
Alternate names include Amarakaire, Amaracaire, and Mashco; the latter of which is considered a pejorative term.
Zizilivakan, also known as Fali of Jilbu and Ulan Mazhilvən, is a Chadic language spoken in Cameroon in Far North Province and neighboring Nigeria.
In 1997 Nicholas Evans proposed an Arnhem Land family that includes the Giimbiyu languages.
Dalecarlian takes up an intermediate position between East Nordic and West Nordic.
It is also known as Morwap, which means "what is it?"
Kwese is a Bantu language of the Democratic Republic of Congo.
The number of speakers is estimated to be 10,000.
Other spellings are Tahit, Tehid, and other names Kaibus, Teminabuan.
While in the Lease islands, Christian Ambonese-speaking community is dominant in part of Haruku, Saparua and Nusa Laut islands.
Yalarnnga is an extinct Australian Aboriginal language of the Pama–Nyungan family, that may be related to the Kalkatungu language.
The Svan language is a Kartvelian language spoken in the western Georgian region of Svaneti primarily by the Svan people.
As the few remaining speakers of Bullom So are all over 60, the language is considered moribund.
Jangkang is a Dayak language of Borneo.
It was assigned by Guthrie to Bantu group K.30, which Pfouts established as part of the Kavango–Southwest branch of Bantu.
Ososo is an Edoid language of Nigeria.
Kamkata-vari, the largest Nuristani language, contains the main dialects Kata-vari, Kamviri and Mumviri.
Bagusa is a Papuan language of Indonesia.
It is spoken by perhaps half a million people in Ivory Coast.
Taíno is an extinct and poorly attested Arawakan language historically spoken by the Taíno people of the Caribbean.
Sörsörian is a possibly extinct language of Vanuatu, presumably one of the Malekula Interior languages.
It continues to be widely used as a ceremonial language in Hindu religious rituals and Buddhist practice in the form of hymns and chants.
Tongan  is an Austronesian language of the Polynesian branch spoken in Tonga.
The majority of the Tz'utujil people have Spanish as their second language, although many of the older people, or those in more remote locations do not.
The language belongs to the Northwestern Branch of the Western Iranian languages, and it is a descendent of the now extinct Parthian language.
Scottish Gaels settled in Nova Scotia commencing in 1773 with the arrival of the Ship Hector and continuing up until the 1850s.
One common way to call the Limón Creole English in Costa Rica is by the term "Patois", a word was used initially by frenchs.
The Niçard song Nissa La Bella is often regarded as the "anthem" of Nice.
Other names and spellings include Barera, Bawera, Burada, Bureda, Burera, An-barra, Gidjingaliya, Gu-jingarliya, Gu-jarlabiya, Gun-Guragone, Jikai, Tchikai.
Heiltsuk [ɦiɬtsʰaqʷ] is spoken by the Bella Bella [pʰəlbálá] and Haihais [xíxís] peoples; Oowekyala [ʔuwíkʼala] by the Wuikinuxv [ʔuwikʼinuxʷ].
The name "Guarani" is generally used for the official language of Paraguay.
The Kwara'ae language is spoken in the north of Malaita Island in the Solomon Islands.
Vocabulary from Austrian Sign Language also heavily influences Russian Sign Language.
Glagolitic has nowadays fallen out of use, though both scripts were used from the earliest attested period.
According to Ethnologue, it is not fully intelligible with other varieties of Inland Ijaw.
Samoyedic is the second major branch of the Uralic language family; the other branch consists of the generally more well known Finno-Ugric languages.
Hema is a Bantu language and one of three languages spoken by the Hema people of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
ja is also used in western Iwami region.
The language was still in use at least until the sixth century AD.
Wambule is the language of the Wambule Rai, one of the Kiranti tribes of eastern Nepal.
Umeda is a Papuan language of Sandaun Province, Papua New Guinea.
Speakers of the language have decreased by 21% from 1961 to 2001.
A lexigram represents a word but is not necessarily indicative of the object to which it refers.
Métis French, along with Michif and Bungi, is one of the traditional languages of the Métis people, and the French-dialect source of Michif.
Ghari is an Oceanic language spoken on Guadalcanal island of the Solomon Islands.
The Dororo and Guliguli languages were transcriptional variants, dialects, or closely related.
Michael Stolz of the German Lutheran Neuendettelsauer Mission arrived in 1910, and Sio villagers converted en masse in 1919.
Muslims and Christian speakers tend to make different choices in vocabulary.
Low Prussian, sometimes known simply as Prussian, is a dialect of East Low German that developed in East Prussia.
Guernésiais most closely resembles the Norman dialect of Cotentinais spoken at la Hague in the Cotentin Peninsula.
It consists of two dialects, Anu and Hkongso.
Scholars divided Xiang into five subgroups, Chang-Yi, Lou-Shao, Hengzhou, Chen-Xu and Yong-Quan.
Ra’ong is a Bahnaric language of northeastern Cambodia.
It is not known whether there are any extant copies of the New Testament translation.
The further fate of the Thracian language is a matter of dispute.
The extinct Guanebucan language may actually have been a dialect of Wayuu.
They belong to the Mixtecan branch together with the Mixtec languages and Cuicatec.
Sanga is a Kainji language of Nigeria.
Ngiri is a Bantu language closely related to Lingala.
In practice, this means the local form of sign language then being developed and standardized.
There are dialectal differences of the Kamkata-vari speakers of Pakistan.
Isirawa is a Papuan language spoken by about two thousand people on the north coast of Papua province, Indonesia.
Ethnologue and Glottolog list it as a language isolate, but it has not been included in wider surveys, such as Ross.
The ancient Pyu language may belong here.
Acadian French is a dialect of Canadian French.
Guarani, specifically the primary variety known as Paraguayan Guarani, is an indigenous language of South America that belongs to the Tupi–Guarani family of the Tupian languages.
Narak is a Trans–New Guinea language of Western Highlands Province, Papua New Guinea.
Basque has adopted a good deal of its vocabulary from the Romance languages, and Basque speakers have in turn lent their own words to Romance speakers.
Chinali is an unclassified language of India.
The Goguryeo names for government posts are mostly similar to those of Baekje and Silla.
Acazulco Otomi has been classified as Eastern Otomi by Lastra.
Hassānīya is a variety of Maghrebi Arabic.
Cimbrian refers to any of several local Upper German varieties spoken in northeastern Italy.
Ruseno is one of the cultural group names in the eastern part of Timor-Leste.
For the clicks and other sounds found in Gǁana, see Gǀwi dialect.
Kisar is a Central Malayo-Polynesian language spoken on Kisar Island, northeast of East Timor in Maluku, Indonesia.
Macaguaje is an extinct Tucanoan language of Colombia.
The Yakama tribal cultural resources program has been promoting the use of the traditional name of the language, Ichishkíin Sɨ́nwit, instead of the Salish term Sahaptin.
Dialects are Mefele, Muhura, Serak, and Shugule.
Awadhi is an Indo-Aryan language spoken primarily in the Awadh region of Uttar Pradesh and Terai belt of Nepal.
Maza is spoken by about 50 people in the village of Mengmei 孟梅, Puyang Village 普阳村, Muyang Township 木央乡, Funing County, Yunnan.
It is mostly used by the hearing community, but three deaf speakers have been identified.
A mixture of TTSL and ASL is used in Deaf associations, with TTSL being used more heavily in informal situations.
Lushootseed is the language or dialect continuum of several Salish Native American tribes of modern-day Washington state.
Dulong is also called: Taron, Kiu, Qui, Kiutze, Qiuzi, Kiupa, Kiao, Metu, Melam, Tamalu, Tukiumu, Qiu, Nung, Nu-tzŭ.
Khisa is a Gur language of Ivory Coast and Burkina Faso.
Carolinian has 95% lexical similarity with Satawalese, 88% with Woleaian and Puluwatese; 81% with Mortlockese; 78% with Chuukese, 74% with Ulithian.
Sveriges Radio tends to use tornedalsfinska for the culture generally and meänkieli specifically for the language.
Ersu languages are spoken by about 20,000 people in China as reported by Sun.
It is an oral language only, having no working orthography at present.
Bahrani Arabic is a variety of Arabic spoken in Eastern Arabia and Oman.
Some words of Pacaraos Quechua are unique, e.g.
It might be the same language as adjacent, unattested Nshi across the border in Nigeria.
It is a language isolate, independent of the other sign languages of Thailand such as Old Bangkok Sign Language and the national Thai Sign Language.
There are two genders as well as a distinction between plural and singular.
It is spoken in Mariga, Niger State, near Kontagora and the Basa homeland.
According to Chinese records, the languages of Buyeo, Goguryeo, Dongye, Okjeo, Baekje—and possibly Gojoseon—were similar but very different to Tungusic languages.
Mboko is a Bantu language of the Republic of Congo.
The project in Mayotte has been inspired by similar projects involving Swahili in eastern Africa countries.
English has developed over the course of more than 1,400 years.
In 1994, the majority of Oneida speakers lived in Canada.
ASL signs have a number of phonemic components, including movement of the face and torso as well as the hands.
Wakabunga is an extinct and unattested Australian Aboriginal language of Queensland.
Little is known of Ciguayo apart from it being a distinct language from Taino and neighboring Macorix.
The distinctive characteristics of Turkish are vowel harmony and extensive agglutination.
To the north-east, other Kalenjin people are found, mainly the Nandi.
There are four other branches of the family: Tsamosan, Interior Salish, Bella Coola, and Tillamook.
Totonac is a language cluster of Mexico, spoken across a number of central Mexican states by the Totonac people.
In the northeast, roughly along the line Marrakesh-Zagora, there is a dialect continuum with Central Atlas Tamazight.
Kainuu Sami belonged to the Eastern Sami language group.
"Sign language" was made the fourth official language of Papua New Guinea in 2015.
In general people living in the mountains are called gayo people or mountain people.
In Jinhua dialect, the name 金华话 is underlyingly /tɕiŋ˧˧˦ uɑ˧˩˧ uɑ˩˦/ and is pronounced [tɕiŋ˧uɑ˥uɑ˩˦].
Konobo, or Eastern Krahn, is a Kru language of Liberia.
The various origins of Foodo speakers are still retained in clan names."
At Valdezia Mission Station and the Elim Mission Station, Tswa and Ronga were swallowed, incorporated and disappeared into Xitsonga.
Today, depending on provincial and regional perspectives, Ribagorçan may be described in Aragon as transitional to Catalan, or in Catalonia as transitional to Aragonese.
While sources differ on the exact number of fluent speakers, it is almost definitely under 100.
Mebengokre belongs to the Jê family and the Macro-Jê family stock.
Gweno shares about 54% to 56% of its vocabulary with other Chaga dialects and 46% with Taita dialects.
Most speakers are bilingual in Mende, and use of the Bom language is declining among members of the ethnic group.
An Enga-based pidgin is used by speakers of Arafundi languages.
There are no significant dialectal differences within Ngbaka, and it may be mutually intelligible with members of the Manza dialect cluster.
The two major dialects are Guoli 果力 and Jiangmo 江末.
It is currently classified as a vulnerable language by UNESCO.
Regional varieties of Brazilian Portuguese, while remaining mutually intelligible, may diverge from each other in matters such as vowel pronunciation and speech intonation.
Aromanian shares many features with modern Romanian, including similar morphology and syntax, as well as a large common vocabulary inherited from Latin.
Sepitori has a separate set of words to talking about money.
Due to the expansion of ASL, there are less than 100 MSL users.
The status of Jin is disputed among linguists; some prefer to classify it under Mandarin, but others set it apart as an independent branch.
It is one of the Kartu languages of the Pama–Nyungan family.
The same was done for 'Thamudic E' by Geraldine M.H.
Loki, or Ruki, is a Bantu language spoken in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The Median language was the language of the Medes.
Umbundu, or South Mbundu, one of two Bantu languages of Angola called Mbundu, is the most widely spoken language of Angola.
Yaur or Jaur is a language in the putative Cenderawasih branch of the Austronesian family spoken in Papua provinceWestern New Guinea.
It is one of several languages in the area that go by the name Eivo.
Aushi is a Bantu language of Zambia and DR Congo.
The set of dialects was traditionally included by linguists as Galician-Portuguese or Galician, with some characteristics of the Astur-Leonese Group.
However, it is undocumented and thus formally unclassifiable.
Kendayan, or Salako, is a Malayic Dayak language of Borneo.
Eastern Yugur is the Mongolic language spoken within the Yugur nationality.
Links between Bali–Sasak languages and Madurese are more evident with the "low" form.
It is primarily a spoken language, with little existing vernacular literature and almost no literacy in the written form among native speakers.
Aimaq is a dialect of the Persian language spoken west of the Hazarajat, in central northwest Afghanistan, eastern Iran, and Tajikistan.
Most of the ethnic group now speaks Arabic.
The main population centres of Kako speakers are Batouri and Ndélélé in the East Region of Cameroon.
Swahili is also one of the working languages of the African Union and officially recognised as a lingua franca of the East African Community.
It is a simplified version of Motu, of the Austronesian language family.
Njen is a minor Southern Bantoid language of Cameroon, spoken by the residents of the village of Njen.
Hu is a Palaungic language of Xishuangbanna Dai Autonomous Prefecture, Yunnan, China.
Many Bahrani words have also been borrowed from Hindi, Turkish, or English.
There is currently an ethnic population of about 1,000 people.
The Iban language is also a subject tested in PMR and SPM, the Malaysian public examination for Form 3 and Form 5 students respectively.
For example, Toolooa and Dappil in Mathew correspond to Dapil and Gureng in Kite and Wurm.
They live alongside the Win Lau, who are Jukunoid speakers.
Nouns have no grammatical number or gender, and there are no articles.
The Burmese alphabet is ultimately descended from a Brahmic script, either Kadamba or Pallava.
Like many other languages in the area, it is an unclassified language, but there are hypothesized long-distance genetic relationships.
Standard Portuguese is the official language of Guinea-Bissau, but Creole is the language of trade, public services, the parliament, informal literature, entertainment and educational programming.
Khorasani Arabic is a dialect of Arabic spoke in Iran.
A dictionary of the Mah Meri language has been recently written by Nicole Kruspe.
In Vietnam, it is spoken by about 300 people in Tương Dương district, Nghệ An province.
Most Chipewyan people now use Dené and Dënesųłiné to refer to themselves as a people and to their language, respectively.
No standard variety has so far emerged between the two varieties of Dẹgẹma.
Maho lists K.321 Mbume and K.322 Liyuwa as distinct but closely related languages.
Poitevin is a language spoken in Poitou, France.
Dutch vocabulary is mostly Germanic and incorporates more Romance loans than German but far fewer than English.
Torá is an extinct Chapacuran language once spoken along the lower stretches of the Marmelos River in Brazil.
Masbateño or Minasbate is a Bicol-Visayan language spoken by more than 600,000 people, primarily in the province of Masbate in the Philippines.
About 50 of an ethnic population of 1,300 Tsimshian in Alaska speak the language.
Finnish Sign Language is the sign language most commonly used in Finland.
Descendants of mechanical workers who arrived in Spain from central Europe in the 16th century;
Some linguists consider both these and the Spanish Sign language three variants of a polymorphic sign language.
Taikat or Arso is a Papuan language of Indonesian Papua.
It is remarkable in how many marshy places this -co- or -ca- suffix is used.
The Logba people call themselves and their language Ikpana, which means ‘defenders of truth’.
Dalian dialect is notable among Chinese dialects for loanwords from Japanese and Russian, reflecting its history of foreign occupation.
"Dakar-Wolof", for instance, is an urban mixture of Wolof, French, and Arabic.
Today’s Dongola was founded during the 19th century on the western side of the Nile.
Some grammatical aspects of Sherpa are as follows:
The traits of both dialects were described by Wilhelm Dittenberger, editor of the project Inscriptiones Graecae.
Longuda is a Niger–Congo language of Nigeria.
According to Nurse, most belong with the Yaka language, though one or two are assigned to Boma–Dzing languages, though he does not say which.
These languages are spoken in Central Sulawesi.
Most speakers of Unserdeutsch are bilingual; speaking either Standard German, English, Tok Pisin or Kuanua.
Thus Jutlandic is by that definition actually two different dialects: general Jutlandic and Southern Jutlandic.
It is sometimes considered a dialect of a single Kariri language.
São Toméan Portuguese is a dialect of Portuguese spoken in São Tomé and Príncipe.
Kami is a Bantu language of the Morogoro region of Tanzania.
Waioli is a Papuan Halmahera language of Indonesia.
Ethnologue counts it and Tɔli as dialects of Gun, but Capo considers it one of the Phla–Pherá languages.
Maa is sometimes considered a separate language.
Lakkja speakers are thought to have migrated from further east, possibly from the Biao-speaking areas of northwestern Guangdong province.
It is estimated that about 80 percent of the population of Mali speak Bambara as a first or second language.
The Nyindu variety is heavily influenced by Lega, and speakers consider it a dialect of Lega rather than Shi, as Shi speakers see it.
Most Pacoh speakers live in central Laos and central Vietnam.
It is spoken in central Botswana, and in parts of the Chobe District in the extreme north of Botswana.
There are four grammatical cases: nominative, accusative, dative and genitive.
Traditionally, both languages are indicated by the term Yellow Uygur, from the autonym of the Yugur.
Progress in the understanding of Middle Egyptian is due to Adolf Erman and his "Berlin school".
The following dialects are part of Central Italian:
The Mussau-Emira language is spoken on the islands of Mussau and Emirau in the St. Matthias Islands in the Bismarck Archipelago.
Southeast Tasmanian, or Nuenonne, is an aboriginal language of Tasmania in the reconstruction of Claire Bowern.
The principal varieties are Apalik, Gimi, Aiklep, and Arawe proper.
These peoples are part of the Karamojong cluster of Nilotic tribes, which is also called the Teso cluster.
Most Tiv speakers are found in Benue State in Nigeria.
It is noted for its tonal character and the divergence of words by gender.
Paasaal is similar and also called Sisaala.
There are at least three dialects, identified as Tamulté de las Sábanas Chontal, Buena Vista Chontal, and Miramar Chontal.
The Vanji language, also spelt Vanchi and Vanži, is an Iranian language, one of the areal group of Pamir languages.
Its several dialects are spoken in northern Nigeria, predominantly in the north central region of Nigeria with over 400,000 people.
The most extensive records of the language were made by Franz Boas, and a grammar was documented in the dissertation of Dell Hymes.
Karamanli writers and speakers were expelled from Turkey as part of the Greek-Turkish population exchange of 1923.
Dialects, or at least tribal divisions, were Mopi, Yacorito, Wasu, and Miri.
Chayahuita is an indigenous American language spoken by thousands of native Chayahuita people in South America.
Londo is a Bantu language of the Democratic Republic of Congo.
The two spoken forms of the Hohhot dialect are only partially intelligible to each other.
The language may be called lengua conga or lengua congo but is generally referred to simply as lengua, meaning "language" in Spanish.
It is considered an endangered language because a portion of the Lawatiya do not speak Luwati and it is not continuously passed down to younger generations.
Pontic Greek is often considered a dialect of standard Greek, although reportedly, the speakers of each do not understand each other.
The language likely to have been prevalent in the historical city is Luwian, although there are no direct records.
Uab Meto is an Austronesian language spoken by Atoni people of West Timor.
It is much more closely related to the neighboring Wuxi dialect with which it is mostly mutually intelligible.
Garo is also the language of education in schools in the Atong-speaking area, although some schools provide education in English.
Bungku is an Austronesian language of Southeast Sulawesi, Indonesia.
Most members of the community, including youth, are fluent in their language.
Agoi, or Ibami, is an Upper Cross River language of Nigeria.
Recent research into the vast Persepolis Fortification Archive at the Oriental Institute at the University of Chicago have unearthed Old Persian tablets.
It is widely known as the Cant, to its native speakers in Ireland as De Gammon, and to the linguistic community as Shelta.
The Tswana language, or Setswana, is a language that is spoken in Southern Africa by about five million people.
It is also spoken to lesser varying degrees in Azerbaijani communities of Georgia and Turkey and by diaspora communities, primarily in Europe and North America.
They are the Italian dialects not affected by substrata.
It is famous for its melodious accent.
Gbantu is a dialect cluster of Plateau languages in Nigeria.
Zaiwa has also been developed, in 1957, into a written language and it uses Latin script.
The language is also known as Inunhan and Loocnon.
A written script was devised for Huzhu Monguor in the late 20th century, but has been little used.
Dazaga is spoken in the Tibesti Mountains of Chad, in the eastern Niger near N'guigmi and to the north.
The name of this Kingdom survives in the regional appellation, Burgundy, which is a region in modern France, representing only a part of that kingdom.
In the Soviet Union in the 1930s, it was written with the Uniform Turkic Alphabet, like Crimean Tatar and Karaim.
Some of the typical retentions of sounds and clusters are seen in the following list.
The Bruges dialect is a West Flemish dialect used in Bruges.
The language is also spoken by the Iwe, Toka and Leya people, and perhaps by the Kafwe Twa, as well as many bilingual Zambians and Zimbabweans.
Today, BASL is still used by signers in the South despite public schools having been legally desegregated since 1954.
A small number of documents preserved in Dunhuang contain an undeciphered language that has been called Old Zhangzhung, but the identification is controversial.
Its grammar has not been extensively studied, but it is unrelated to the Thai language which is in the Tai–Kadai language family.
Phukha is one of the Loloish languages spoken by the Phula people of Vietnam and China.
It is very close to Standard Chinese but has some notably distinctive words.
It is spoken by the Kunama people who straddle the western Eritrean–Ethiopian border.
Manchu language enjoys high historical value for historians of China, especially for the Qing dynasty.
Nduga is a Papuan language of the Indonesian New Guinea Highlands.
There is a translation of the Song of Songs written in the 17th or 18th Century held at the Bodleian Library.
It had a phonological development quite different from either Gros Ventre or Arapaho proper.
In terms of linguistic classification it may be more accurate to call it a different Mambiloid language.
Like all other Oto-Manguean languages, Otomi is a tonal language and most varieties distinguish three tones.
Muskum is an extinct Chadic language of Chad.
Though the number of speakers in Magahi is large, it has not been constitutionally recognised in India.
Kabwa is a Bantu language of Tanzania.
Bangkok Sign Language is a deaf-community sign language of Thailand that arose among deaf people who migrated to Bangkok for work or family.
It is very closely related to Duala.
Woleaian is divided into two dialects: Woleaian proper and Lamotrek, and is spoken by approximately 1700 people.
More recently, the language has been the subject of work in the generative grammar tradition.
It is spoken by the Abanyom people in the Cross River State region of Nigeria.
Sema, also Sumi or Simi, is an Sino-Tibetian language spoken in Nagaland, India.
The Igala language, as well as Igala culture and tradition, has influenced other languages and cultures around the confluence of the Niger and Benue rivers.
The Thracian language was the Indo-European language spoken in ancient times in Southeast Europe by the Thracians, the northern neighbors of the Ancient Greeks.
In Pakistan, there are two varieties of Marwari.
Estimates of the total number of Afrikaans speakers range between 15 and 23 million.
Bori is spoken in Payum Circle, West Siang District, Arunachal Pradesh.
There are some elements of transition with the Piedmontese language, particularly on the eastern coasts of the Sesia river, creating several transition dialects.
Salumá is a Carib language of Brazil.
Ethnologue notes that Atorada has 50% lexical similarity with Wapishana and 20% with Mapidian, and that Wapishana and Mapidian share 10%.
The older forms of speaking, which had come from Iceland and Norway, were kept intact.
References to monetary figures In Sepitori then English:
Interslavic can be classified as a semi-artificial language.
There are three ISO codes, which Ethnologue acknowledges may be the same thing.
It is a Kwa language, closely related to Alladian, but other than that its position is unclear.
Albarradas Zapotec, in full Santo Domingo Albarradas Zapotec, is a Zapotec language of Oaxaca, Mexico.
The Gyeongsang dialects, or Southeastern Korean, are dialects of the Korean language of the Yeongnam region, which includes both Gyeongsang provinces, North and South.
It is also spoken in adjacent areas of Vietnam, Thailand and China.
Gronings and the strongly related varieties in East Frisia have a strong Frisian influence and take a remarkable position within West Low German.
It is spoken by the Adan and Agotime, and also goes by the name Adangbe, which is a variant of the name Adangme.
The Egyptian language was spoken in ancient Egypt and was a branch of the Afro-Asiatic languages.
Potteries is an English dialect of the North Midlands of England, almost exclusively in and around Stoke-on-Trent.
Ligbi has seven oral and seven nasal vowels.
Zayse-Zergulla is the combined title for the two closely related dialects of Zayse and Zergulla.
Bodho is said to be a dialect, but has also been reported to be closer to Luwo.
Other distinctive features of Tosa dialect include its clause-ending particles, such as kendo for disjunction, ga as a question marker and ki to denote reason.
It is one of the most poorly attested extant languages in South America, and may be a language isolate.
Southern Qiang is a Sino-Tibetan language of the Qiangic branch spoken by approximately 81,300 people along the Minjiang river in Sichuan Province, China.
Matisoff split it into two languages, reflected in Ethnologue, but Matisoff lists only one.
It is a member of the Northern Luzon subfamily and is closely related to the Bontoc and Kankanaey languages.
The Gbi and Dorue language, also known as Gbee or Gbi and Dorue, is similar to the Krahn dialect/ language of the Niger–Congo language family.
Conambo is an extinct Zaparoan language formerly spoken in north-eastern Peru, near the Conambo River.
There is very little information available about the languages of this region.
In ethnographic publications, the Secoya go by other alternate names as well: Encabellado, Pioje, Santa Maria, and Angutera.
Ethnologue states that there is only one speaker left.
When greeting, people in the Pretoria area say Ek se, as opposed to the native Setswana greeting of Dumelang or Thobela.
Kulino or Kulina Pano is an obsolescent Panoan language of Javari River valley, Brazil.
There are three dialects of Wagdi: Aspur, Kherwara, Sagwara and Adivasi Wagdi.
Waga, or Wakawaka or Wakka Wakka, is an extinct Pama–Nyungan language formerly spoken around Brisbane, Australia.
"Luri and Bakhtiari are much more closely related to Persian, than Kurdish."
Sucite is a close neighbour of Supyire, spoken in southeastern Mali.
Bomu is spoken by two groups of Bwa people, the Red Bobo, Bobo Wule, and the White Bobo, Bobo Gbe, also known as Kyan or Tyanse.
Bukiyip, or Mountain Arapesh, is an Arapesh language of Papua New Guinea.
It is a tonal language with two level tones, High and Low.
Ngbaka is a Gbaya language spoken by just over a million people in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The ones with which they had good relations were the Montagnais and the Iroquois.
Nkumbi, or Khumbi, is a Bantu language of Angola.
With 150,000 speakers, Miskito is the most widely spoken of a family of languages of Nicaragua and Honduras that has come to be known as Misumalpan.
Shuwa-Zamani is a Kainji language of Nigeria.
Bohtan Neo-Aramaic is a modern Eastern Neo-Aramaic language, one of a number spoken by the Assyrians.
The Sonjo have lived for centuries as an isolated enclave in Maasai territory.
Low Alemannic is a branch of Alemannic German, which is part of Upper German.
Aikanã is an endangered language isolate spoken by about 200 Aikanã people in Rondônia, Brazil.
Bure, also known as Bubbure, is an Afro-Asiatic language belonging to the Bole-Tangale group of the West branch of the Chadic family.
Burji language is an Afro-Asiatic language spoken by the Burji people who reside in Ethiopia south of Lake Chamo.
Gvoko is an Afro-Asiatic language spoken in Borno State, Nigeria and Far North Province, Cameroon.
For historical reasons it has the status of a minority language in Sweden.
In the later 18th to mid-19th century, the modern written standard was codified in the context of the Czech National Revival.
Jèrriais is distinct from the Jersey Legal French used for legal contracts, laws and official documents by the government and administration of Jersey.
So far as is known, the last speaker of Tepecano was Lino de la Rosa, who was still living as of February 1980.
When spoken by the Fipa, it is called "Fipa-Mambwe"; this is also the term for the branch of Bantu languages which includes Fipa and Mambwe-Lungu.
Subject pronouns, modality, and aspect markers occur preverbally, object pronouns and aspect adverbs follow the verb, and possessives are divided into direct and indirect.
It is bordered by Coastal Bikol to the north, Buhinon to the east, and West Miraya language immediately to the south.
Other names for the language are Biltum, Khajuna, Kunjut, Brushaski, Burucaki, Burucaski, Burushaki, Burushki, Brugaski, Brushas, Werchikwar and Miśa:ski.
Apart from inevitable Maasai influence, Sonjo shows influence from Chaga, various Southern Cushitic languages, and from Datooga.
The Nauruan or Nauru language is an Oceanic language, spoken natively by around 6,000 people in the island country of Nauru.
Wichí Lhamtés Güisnay or Wiznay is a Wichí language.
It is sometimes spoken and often well understood outside Veneto, in Trentino, Friuli, Venezia Giulia, Istria, and some towns of Dalmatia, Slovenia, Croatia and Brazil.
Zakhchin in the sums of Mankhan, Altai, Üyench, Zereg and Möst, Khovd
A collection of fairy tales in this variety was published by Stumme in 1900.
Maraghei is a dialect of the Tati language, spoken in the Gilan Province, and upper Rudbar area.
Determiners and adjectives are placed after the noun.
Your Kingdom come, your will be done, on earth as in heaven Give us today our daily bread.
It is spoken by about 120,000 people.
4,800 speakers were reported in 1990, but the 1998 tsunami wiped out most of the population.
Damana is a Chibchan language spoken by around 2000 Wiwa south and east of Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta in northern Colombia.
Lombardic may have been in scattered use until as late as c. AD 1000.
Kaufman reports that "not even Greenberg dares classify this language".
However, the majority of the Oroqen are capable of reading and writing Chinese and some can also speak the Daur language.
From north to south, the Het peoples were,
French was also influenced by native Celtic languages of Northern Roman Gaul like Gallia Belgica and by the Frankish language of the post-Roman Frankish invaders.
There are actually two different languages: Old Entish and "New Entish".
Kenati is a poorly documented Papuan language spoken by only about 950 people in Papua New Guinea.
The endonym is Mang, similar to other West Hmongic languages such as Mong.
It is typologically unusual in simultaneously having postpositions and post-nominal modifiers – for example, "Bintu's pot" would be expressed as nje Bintu-be, "pot Bintu-of".
The Central Puebla Nahuatl language is a Nahuan language spoken by 16,000 people in Mexico with 1,430 monolinguals.
(Western) Itelmen is the only surviving Kamchatkan language.
The Lübeck dialect was a lingua franca for the Hanseatic league in the Middle Ages.
Naro is a trade language among speakers of different Khoe languages in Ghanzi District.
Khmer differs from neighboring languages such as Thai, Burmese, Lao and Vietnamese in that it is not a tonal language.
There are also loanwords of Turkic origin.
Basang speakers could understand the other dialects, however.
It belongs to the West Germanic branch and is closely related to the Anglo-Frisian languages.
Buna is a Torricelli language of Papua New Guinea.
Mishnaic Hebrew is one of the few of the Hebrew dialects found in the Talmud, except for direct quotations from the Hebrew Bible.
The speakers of this language do not recognize the name Usino as a name for their language.
Su' speakers live in villages on both sides of Route 18, from Ban Chanto to about 10 km before Ban Mai.
It is an ergative-absolutive language morphologically but not syntactically, although it has several other case-like relations encoded on its verbs.
It is sometimes considered the same language as Ukue.
The earliest known specimen of the Latin language is from the Praeneste fibula.
Karitiâna or Caritiana is a Tupian language of the state of Rondônia, in the Amazon region of Brazil.
Little Swanport Tasmanian is an aboriginal language of Tasmania in the reconstruction of Claire Bowern.
Rengma, or Southern Rengma, is an Angami–Pochuri language spoken in Nagaland, India.
Lang designed Toki Pona to express maximal meaning with minimal complexity.
However, both active and passive language skills are in a state of decrease.
Urumi is an extinct Tupian language of the state of Rondônia, in the Amazon region of Brazil.
The first school for the deaf was at Engela, and was established c. 1970 by the Evangelical Lutheran Church.
Depalatalization of velars before /ɛ/ and palatalization of velars before /ɛ̃ /; e.g.
Marghi South is a Chadic language of Nigeria.
Cawishana is an Arawakan language, presumably extinct, of Brazil.
The number of speakers is not known; there were 30,000 in 1973.
Of its large population, the majority speak Indonesian, making it one of the most widely spoken languages in the world.
All adult speakers of Digo are bilingual in Swahili, East Africa's lingua franca.
Roger Blench, who discovered the language was not Dogon, notes,
Tillamook is an extinct Salishan language, formerly spoken by the Tillamook people in northwestern Oregon, United States.
As they migrate southward, part remained in present Northern Ghana,they are the Gonjas of Northern Ghana.
Merei, as well as Tiale, are both spoken by roughly 60% of the children in the villages.
Latin was originally spoken in Latium, in the Italian Peninsula.
Speakers have shifted to Chagga, a dominant regional Bantu language.
Sepik Iwam, or Yawenian, is a language of Papua New Guinea.
Like most languages native to British Columbia, Babine–Witsuwit'en is an endangered language.
Other West Aramaic dialects include Nabataean and Judeo-Aramaic.
There is a generally positive attitude among speakers of the language towards it, but it is considered vulnerable as some speakers have shifted to Bengali.
Burusu is an Austronesian language of Indonesian Borneo.
There are 4 clans, namely Chedar, Hafi, Tisi, and Hari.
For the Tsimshian peoples see Tsimshian, Gitxsan, and Nisga'a
The 1996 census recorded 157 speakers, but that number increased to 232 by 2006.
Though previously classified as Gunwinyguan, they have not been demonstrated to be related to other languages.
a layer of literary readings based on the Shiqi dialect, the local Yue variety.
Secondly, within the Kodava - speaking communities and region it describes the dominant Kodava people.
"Nobiin" is the genitive form of Nòòbíí and literally means "(language) of the Nubians".
Nyimang, also known as Ama, is an East Sudanic language spoken in the Nuba Mountains.
It is spoken in Boano island, off the western end of Seram Island.
Bouyei's syllable initials match up closely to the other Northern Tai languages, with relatively fast simplification and merging.
Cosao is a Loloish language of China and Laos.
The play A Klingon Christmas Carol is the first production that is primarily in Klingon.
Romansh has also been recognized as a national language of Switzerland since 1938 and as an official language along with German, French and Italian since 1996.
Armenian Woman's Sign Language, also known as Caucasian Sign Language, is an indigenous sign language of Armenia.
The other creoles of Australia are more distantly related, being descendants of the Pidgin English that developed in and around Sydney after the colonisation of Australia.
The other languages are Akkadian, Amorite, Gutian, "Subarean", and Elamite.
Arhö is a nearly extinct Oceanic language of New Caledonia.
Kumak, also known as Nêlêmwa-Nixumwak after its two dialects, is a Kanak language of northern New Caledonia.
Silopi is a Madang language of Papua New Guinea.
It has many similarities with the Shanghainese and Suzhou dialect.
The language has several dialects including: Barka, Marda, Aimara, Odasa, Tika, Lakatakura, Sokodasa, Takazze-Selit and Tigray.
The term Byangsi may also refer to the people that speak the language.
It is a living language with some 371,730 speakers as of 2005, including approximately 50,000 monolinguals.
A former partisan of Volapük, he started working on Spokil in 1890.
There is a word that makes direct object definite, as in Hebrew.
Marquesan is a collection of East-Central Polynesian dialects, of the Marquesic group, spoken in the Marquesas Islands of French Polynesia.
However, the use of Forlivese is mostly limited to familiar terms and sentences, and is rare amongst Forlì inhabitants.
The name Javindo is a portmanteau of Java and Indo, the Dutch word for a person of mixed Indonesian and Dutch descent.
Chuj is a Mayan language spoken by around 40,000 members of the Chuj people in Guatemala and around 10,000 members in Mexico.
Maco is not a proper name but a label applied by Arawakan speakers for unintelligible languages.
Western Sisaala is intermediate between Burkina and Tumulung Sisaala.
The information below is from Diyari proper.
Papel speakers are estimated to be around 140,000 in total globally.
Kaba, or Kabba of Goré, is a language of the Sara people in Central African Republic and Chad, with around 100,000 speakers.
ΛΙΚΕC : ΒΡΑΤΕΡΑΙC : ΠΑΤΡΙΖΙ : ΙCΚ
The period spanned roughly 500 years extending from the 12th century through the 16th century.
It is apparently unrelated to the as yet undeciphered North Picene language.
It is a member of the Taman language family.
Koyo is a Bantu language of the Republic of Congo.
The Ciguayos appear to have predated the agricultural Taino who inhabited much of the island.
The Indo-Portuguese creoles are the several creole languages of India and Sri Lanka which had a substantial Portuguese influence in grammar or lexicon, such as
It is closely related to the Yavapai language.
People in the Garankuwa and Mabopane area's would say 'Keya ko gae' for 'I am going home'.
Pavese is a dialect of Western Lombard language spoken in province of Pavia.
Maiwala is an Oceanic language of Milne Bay Province, Papua New Guinea.
Like most other Austroasiatic languages, Kemie has subject–verb–object word order.
It is the official language of the Republic of Armenia and the Republic of Artsakh.
In 1993, there were about 10,000 speakers of Kurtöp.
It was spoken near Jigalong in Western Australia by Wanman who are a subgroup of Martu people.
A modest dictionary of the language has been published.
Alipur Sign Language is an endangered village sign language of India.
Veluws is a Dutch Low Saxon dialect which is spoken on the Veluwe.
Bönnsch is very similar to the more northern Kölsch of Cologne and distinct from the latter only in particular points.
Araki is gradually being replaced by Tangoa, a language from a neighbouring island.
It is often considered the same language as Bata.
As of 1986, only 2% of deaf children attended school.
It is very close to the Shi language.
Plains Apache is the most divergent member of the subfamily.
Meroitic is an extinct language that was spoken in Meroë and the Sudan during the Meroitic period until about 400 AD.
Nimi is a language spoken in Papua New Guinea.
Yup'ik should not be confused with the related language Central Siberian Yupik spoken in Chukotka and St. Lawrence Island.
Ruhlen agrees in placing it with the Luban languages.
Regional dialects are divided between the Banjara of
This article presents some of the major differences.
It was spoken in the northern region of the Sayan Mountains in Siberia, close to the Mongolian north border.
One of the characteristics of this language was an added ī sound between consonants and ā.
Laiuse Romani was a Romani variety spoken in Estonia.
Ega has the full noun class system for which the Bantu languages are known.
The Mulam language, like Dong, does not have voiced stop, but does have a phonemic distinction between unvoiced and voiced nasals and laterals.
The most prominent phonological feature of Bagri is the presence of three lexical tones: high, mid, and low.
The name Lishana Deni means 'our language', and is similar to names used by other Jewish Neo-Aramaic dialects.
However, all remaining dialect differences are fairly minor.
Other East Kipchak dialects gave rise to the modern Kyrgyz language.
A movie spoken in Dyula is Fanta Régina Nacro's Night of Truth.
Colas in some cases reestablishes the Esperanto forms of words and even constructed some new words like sulo for "sun" and dago for "day".
Tala is a minor Chadic language of Nigeria.
It is also called Tomu, after the river along which it is found, and Nomad.
It is distinct from Lehali, the language spoken on the west coast of the same island.
The Lau language is a Malayo-Polynesian group language spoken on northeast Malaita of the Solomon Islands.
It is perhaps the best described of the Biu–Mandara branch of that family.
There are attempts to develop a national standard language, Vietnamese Sign Language.
Jena: Max Planck Institute for the Science of Human History.
The language appears to have been moribund at the time of Spanish contact, and within a century it was extinct.
The Tamil Lexicon, published by the University of Madras, was one of the earliest dictionaries published in the Indian languages.
It is spoken by most black residents of all ages and levels of education in Tshwane.
There are two dialects, Ibiri and Abou Charib, which Blench counts as distinct languages.
The three varieties of Sierra Otomi—Eastern Highland, Texcatepec, and Tenango—are above 70% lexically similar; the Eastern Highland dialects are above 80%, and will be considered here.
It is a collection of Kamrupi(Dumura Karbi) folk songs and mantras of worshiping god and godesses.
All of these peoples and other, unrelated minorities in and around Kamchatka are known collectively as Kamchadals.
It is close enough to Tsaukambo that there is some mutual intelligibility.
Tiri, or Mea, is an Oceanic language of New Caledonia.
Ndai, also known as Galke or Pormi, is a nearly extinct Mbum language of northern Cameroon.
All nouns in the language are classified into eight classes, identified by their prefixes and suffixes in both singular and plural.
"Sign language", without further clarification, became one of Zimbabwe's official national languages with the Constitution of 2013.
A single preposition, often sama, was used for multiple functions, including direct and indirect object.
Ja is a prefix meaning the 'doer' or a person belonging to a particular place or position.
It may be a language isolate within the family of Trans–New Guinea languages.
Kurti is an Austronesian language spoken on the north coast of Manus Island in Papua New Guinea.
The number of households of the village has been around 120 in 2004. .
Cochin Indo-Portuguese, also known as Vypin Indo-Portuguese from its geographic centre, is an Indo-Portuguese creole spoken on the Malabar coast of India.
Somrai, also known as Sibine, is an Afro-Asiatic language spoken in the southwestern Chadian prefectures of Tandjilé and Lai.
However, the 1994 Ethiopian national census did not break down language speakers according to dialect, although it reported 2,570,293 speakers of Oromo in those two zones.
Paynamar, or Manat, is a divergent Madang language spoken in the Adelbert Range of Papua New Guinea.
It is spoken near the north-central coast of Honduras, in the Dulce Nombre de Culmí municipality of Olancho Department.
Like other Kiranti languages, Belhare is characterized by an elaborate morphology in both the nominal and verbal domain.
The Ch'olti' language is an extinct Mayan language which was spoken by the Manche Ch'ol people of eastern Guatemala and southern Belize.
Ukhwejo is one of a handful of Bantu languages spoken in the Central African Republic.
BASL tends to have a larger signing space, meaning that some signs are produced further away from the body than in other dialects.
Yupiltepeque is a Xincan language of Honduras, from the region of Yupiltepeque.
It, together with Cholón, also extinct, constituted the Hibito-Cholon family.
Confusingly, Kumeyaay is commonly used as a designation both for the central language of this family and for the Ipai-Kumeyaay-Tipai people as a whole.
The Mexican government organization INALI recognizes both Yalálag Zapotec and Yatee Zapotec as a variety of Zapotec called Zapoteco serrano, del sureste.
The classification of Lombardic within the Germanic languages may be complicated by issues of orthography.
It has been tentatively linked to Nafaanra language, an isolated Senufo language spoken in Ghana.
Shixing, or Xumi, is a poorly-attested Qiangic language of Sichuan and the Tibet Autonomous Region.
It is one of six Yi languages recognized by the government of China.
It is spoken in northeast Liberia, where it is known as Glio, and in western Ivory Coast, where it is known as Oubi or Ubi.
In contrast, Icelandic retains a four-case synthetic grammar comparable to, but considerably more conservative and synthetic than, German.
Winyé, or Kolsi, is a Gur language of Burkina Faso.
Wu speakers, such as Chiang Kai-shek, Lu Xun and Cai Yuanpei, occupied positions of great importance in modern Chinese culture and politics.
The Bafut language was alphabetized by SIL International worker Joseph Mfonyam in 1982.
There are approximately 5800 people speaking this language, and the number is decreasing.
Ratahan is an Austronesian language of northern Sulawesi, Indonesia.
As a result of the competing influences of English and Scots, varieties of Ulster Scots can be described as 'more English' or 'more Scots'.
It was only recently recognized as a distinct language.
However, the individual islands Wuvulu and Aua have a lexical and phonological distinction.
Lame is a dialect cluster of the Southern Bantoid Jarawan languages of Nigeria.
However, this grammatical complexity has been lost among younger generations.
The Buhid language is a language spoken by Mangyans in the province of Mindoro, Philippines.
Otomi is a group of closely related indigenous languages of Mexico, spoken by approximately 240,000 indigenous Otomi people in the central altiplano region of Mexico.
He gave this register to Esperanto the name Uniespo.
Imonda is a Papuan language of Sandaun Province, Papua New Guinea.
It evolved from Old Polish, and gave rise to the Modern Polish.
Lummi language is still spoken on the Lummi reservation and is taught at Ferndale High School, Lummi Tribal School and the Northwest Indian College.
It is unknown when it became extinct.
It was created by Manuel Halvelik as part of a range of stylistic variants including Gavaro and Popido, forming "Serio <La Sociolekta Triopo>".
It falls under the Kolami–Naiki group of languages.
As of 2016, there are three bilingual Welsh-Spanish schools in Patagonia.
The Nicoleño were a Uto-Aztecan Native American tribe who lived on San Nicolas Island, California.
However, recent research suggests that it is closest to its neighbor, Tongan, as one of the Tongic languages.
Darlong is an unclassified Sino-Tibetan language of India.
Kaugel counts with a base-24 system in cycles of 4.
Chochenyo is one of the Costanoan dialects in the Utian family.
Important factors for the ongoing language shift include intermarriage with other ethnic groups and heavy contact with neighbouring people.
Speakers of Khowar have also migrated heavily to Pakistan's major urban centres with Peshawar, Islamabad, Lahore and Karachi, having significant populations.
Old Japanese is the oldest attested stage of the Japanese language.
It was more closely related to Samoan than to Tongan.
Many people in the Kuku Yalanji community also use English, but use is discouraged.
The longest of the engraved inscriptions does not have more than 13 lines.
Malasar is an unclassified Southern Dravidian language spoken by a Scheduled tribe of India.
Koki, or Koki Naga, is an unclassified Sino-Tibetan language spoken in Burma.
It is a branch of the Grebo languages, a subfamily of the Kru languages and ultimately of the Niger–Congo languages.
It is alternatively considered as a dialect belonging to the range of Gallo-Italic languages of Northern Italy.
As with most Judeo-Arab communities, there are likely to be few, if any, speakers of the Judeo-Iraqi Arabic dialects who still reside within Iraq.
The language is currently spoken by about 75 people.
Through the power of the Roman Republic, it became the dominant language, initially in Italy and subsequently throughout the Roman Empire.
It was spoken near the Saint Lawrence River.
There are a few speakers across the border in Burma.
It is spoken by the Kallawaya people, a group of traditional itinerant healers in the Andes in their medicinal healing practice.
Dialects are spoken by the Spokane, Kalispel, Pend d'Oreilles, and Bitterroot Salish.
Andai is an Arafundi language of Papua New Guinea.
The Ngiemboon language, Ngyɛmbɔɔŋ, is one of a dozen Bamileke languages spoken in Cameroon.
Some sources also mention it as a dialect of the Rajasthani language.
Cemuhî is an Oceanic language spoken on the island of New Caledonia, in the area of Poindimié and Touho.
Tamil language inscriptions written in Brahmi script have been discovered in Sri Lanka, and on trade goods in Thailand and Egypt.
Karolanos is a Central Philippine language spoken in Kabankalan Municipality, Negros Occidental Province, Negros Island, Philippines.
Angevin was the old speech of the Angevins or House of Plantagenet.
Cocos Malay derives from the Malay trade languages of the 19th century, specifically the Betawi language, with a strong additional Javanese influence.
Miyako is a Southern Ryukyuan language, most closely related to Yaeyama.
The eastern group includes the Surgut and Vakh-Vasyugan dialects, which, in turn, are subdivided into thirteen other dialects.
It is a Bantu language, P13 in Guthrie's classification.
English is Sierra Leone's official language, while Krio, despite its common use throughout the country, has no official status.
There are several distinct dialects of Omani Arabic, such as Dhofari Arabic and Shihhi Arabic.
A number of Korean dialects are spoken in the Korean Peninsula.
The Doeg tribe, then located in present-day Northern Virginia, are also thought to have spoken a form of the same language.
However, modern English and Frisian are not mutually intelligible, nor are Frisian languages intelligible among themselves, due to independent linguistic innovations and foreign influences.
Like most indigenous languages, Panyjima is endangered.
It is similar to Whitesands, but its exact position within the Tanna languages is not established.
A fragment of a Manuscript written in Karamanli was also found in the Cairo Geniza.
Nanticoke is an extinct Algonquian language formerly spoken in Delaware and Maryland, United States.
Aqnogai, by the Kuban River, its tributaries in Karachay–Cherkessia, and in the Mineralnye Vody District.
The dialect of Yefren in the east differs somewhat from that of Nalut and Jadu in the west.
Kadazan Dusun, also known as Bunduliwan, is one of the more widespread languages spoken by the Dusun and Kadazan peoples of Sabah, Malaysia.
It is named after the town of Tataltepec de Valdés, and is also spoken in San Pedro Tututepec.
All other language records called 'Etchemin', under more detailed analysis, appear to be the neighboring Malecite-Passamaquoddy language.
Zoogocho Zapotec, or Diža'xon, is a Zapotec language of Oaxaca, Mexico.
Spanish Sign Language is a sign language used mainly by deaf people in Spain and the people who live with them.
Ottawa is written in an alphabetic system using Latin letters, and is known to its speakers as Nishnaabemwin "speaking the native language" or Daawaamwin "speaking Ottawa".
There exist a few notable grammatical and idiomatic differences from Standard Italian.
Compared to other Guarani peoples, the Gwarayú are lighter in colour, and bear a striking resemblance to another Guarani group found in Paraguay the Ache.
The accent of presenter Cat Deeley is listed by her voiceover agency, Curtis Brown, as "RP/Birmingham".
Zeme is a Sino-Tibetan language spoken in northeastern India.
Most living Taa speakers are ethnic ǃXoon or 'Nǀohan.
One of its sub-branches is Hohhot dialect, which is also locally referred as Hūshì-huà.
The representative dialect studied in Pelkey is that of Luojiayi 倮家邑, Binglie Township 秉烈乡, Wenshan Zhuang and Miao Autonomous Prefecture.
It is one of the few on Timor which is not an Austronesian language, but rather a Papuan language like groups on New Guinea.
The small population and the use of a jargon made Haas note that the eventual deterioration of the Tunica language was inevitable.
It has a dialectical variation called Bapuku.
The modern Itza people are the last of the Lowland Maya to be able to directly trace their heritage back to the pre-Columbian era.
Since its creation, Gaelic Affairs' executive director has been Cape Breton-born and Antigonish county-raised Gaelic language and cultural advocate, poet and musician, Lewis MacKinnon.
The Moken language is a half dozen closely related varieties spoken by the Moken "Sea Gypsies" off the coast of Burma and Thailand.
It is characterised by several terms particular to Jersey administration and a few expressions imported from Norman.
Lydian texts are thus effectively contemporaneous with those in Lycian.
Kalanga, or Ikalanga, TjiKalanga, is a Bantu language spoken by the Kalanga people in Botswana and Zimbabwe.
Fang is a Southern Bantoid language of Cameroon.
The speakers, Seto people, mostly inhabit the area near Estonia's southeastern border with Russia, in the county of Setomaa.
Because the men were frequently blamed for petty crime, in modern Spanish the word is associated with references to delinquent, petty thief, or hoodlum.
The language was documented by the Jesuit Alonso de Bárcena, but the manuscript is lost.
Nevertheless, the national language of Indonesian as well as the Chinese-influenced Alor-Malay tend to be spoken by the younger generations and used for teaching in schools.
Ebughu is a Lower Cross River language of Nigeria.
Dialects include Ambodiya, Dhogri, Khataliya, Kot, and Dehvaliya, which is spoken in Maharashtra and has Marathi influence.
Asoa, also known as Asua, Asuae, Asuati, or Aka, is a Central Sudanic language spoken by the Mbuti Pygmies known as the Asua.
Although no longer spoken as a native language, it is spoken as a 2nd or 3rd language by under 100.
Gugubera, or Kok-Kaper, is a Paman language of the Cape York Peninsula, Queensland in Australia
Campidanese Sardinian is a standardised variety of the Sardinian language primarily spoken in the Province of Cagliari, Italy.
A vocabulary of "La Purrissima or Kagimuswas" was collected by Henry Wetherbee Henshaw in 1884.
The Cimmerians are an ancient people, first mentioned in the late 8th century BC in Assyrian records.
Sininkere is a Manding language of Burkina Faso.
Dane-zaa, known in the language as Danezaa ZaageɁ and once known as Beaver, is an Athabascan language of western Canada.
The Heiban language, Ebang, or Abul, is a Niger–Congo language in the Heiban family spoken in the Nuba Mountains in Kordofan, Sudan.
It has two dialects, Drehet and Levei, which are sometimes considered separate languages.
Roviana is a member of the North West Solomonic branch of Oceanic languages.
Its best known literary form is the Karakhanid dialects spoken in Kashgar, Balasaghun and other cities along the Silk Road.
In general, well-educated Chinese Singaporeans are able to code-switch between Singdarin and Standard Mandarin.
Waiká, also Yanomámi, is one of several closely related languages spoken by the Yanomami people in Brazil.
The Atlas puts the number of Patua speakers at 50 as of the year 2000.
It is closely related to its eastern neighbours Binbinka, Gudanji and Wambaya.
The language is found in 18 villages with their populations totaling 9,000 people; however, most of the people are unfamiliar with the language.
ChiManyika is spoken by people in the northern parts of Manicaland Province of Zimbabwe, whilst ChiBocha is spoken by people in the southern part of Manicaland.
Mbə’ is a Grassfields language of Cameroon.
Lemolang is an Austronesian language of Sulawesi, Indonesia.
It is spoken by around a million people in Kogi State, North central Nigeria.
Gagauz belongs to the Oghuz branch of Turkic languages, alongside Azeri, Turkmen, Crimean Tatar, and Turkish.
It has been strongly influenced by Papuan languages.
Irantxe, also known as Münkü, is an indigenous American language that is spoken in Mato Grosso, Brazil, by about 200 people.
More pressing concerns of the present are those of language preservation.
Some classify several other Mongolic languages like Buryat and Oirat as dialects of Mongolian, but this classification is not in line with the current international standard.
The Serbian Cyrillic alphabet was devised in 1814 by Serbian linguist Vuk Karadžić, who created the alphabet on phonemic principles.
Safene, or Saafi-Saafi, is the principal Cangin language, spoken by 200,000 people in Senegal.
Pamigua is an extinct language of Colombia, related to Tinigua.
Senara, one of a cluster of languages called Senari, is a Senufo language of Burkina Faso and Mali.
The name Assiniboine comes from the term Asiniibwaan, from Ojibwe, meaning "Stone Siouans".
Kikuyu or Gikuyu is a language of the Bantu family spoken primarily by the Kikuyu people of Kenya.
The grammar and lexicon are Yapese, but the phonology has been affected by Ulithian, and speakers are shifting to that language.
It is not close to Southern Alta or to other languages of Luzon.
Dixon also gives Ngarrabul or Ngarrbal as a dialect of the Yugambal language.
Below is a sampling of languages that have been claimed to exist in reputable sources but have subsequently been disproved or challenged.
These dialects, together with the Lori dialects of Lorestan, are referred to as the “Perside” southern Zagros group, or Lori dialects.
Yuki is generally thought to be distantly related to the Wappo language.
There are six dialects which developed in boarding schools for the deaf, in Zurich, Bernese, Basel, Lucerne, and St. Gallen, as well as in Liechtenstein.
The speakers live primarily in the desa's Lebang, Boweli, Kalib, Nule, Kadir, and Madar, a village of 460 inhabitants.
Bosnian uses both Latin and Cyrillic alphabet, with Latin in everyday use.
Dai is a minor Austronesian language spoken Dai Island in South Maluku, Indonesia.
In Southeast Asia, similar dialects are spoken in the states bordering Penang, as well as in Medan and North Sumatra, Indonesia.
Zahkring is a small language of Arunachal Pradesh in India.
Awabakal is an Australian Aboriginal language that was spoken around Lake Macquarie and Newcastle in New South Wales.
Nyangatom is a Nilo-Saharan language spoken in Ethiopia by the Nyangatom people.
Along with American Sign Language, it is one of the sources of New Costa Rican Sign Language.
The Nemi language is a Kanak language spoken by 320 people in the north of New Caledonia, in the commune of Hienghène.
However, Yang considers Ai-Cham and Mak to be different dialects of an identical language.
Adonara is a Central Malayo-Polynesian language of the islands of Adonara and Solor, east of Flores in Indonesia.
Daro and Matu are dialects of an Austronesian language spoken in Sarawak, Borneo.
Warrgamay is an extinct Australian Aboriginal language of northeast Queensland.
The name mantharta comes from the word for 'man' in all four varieties.
Wu lists the onset clusters pl, pʰl, bl, ml, kl, kʰl, gl, ql, qʰl, ɢl, ŋl.
Saba is an Afro-Asiatic language spoken in south central Chad.
The existence of such early attested texts makes it a language of considerable interest in comparative linguistics.
On the other hand, the Isanzu language is sometimes included as a dialect.
Walser German dialects are considered endangered, and language shift to the majority language is occurring.
Kâte is a Papuan language spoken by about 6,000 people in the Finschhafen District of Morobe Province, Papua New Guinea.
Pa-Hng is a divergent Hmongic language spoken in Guizhou, Guangxi, and Hunan in southern China as well as northern Vietnam.
ǂKxʼao-ǁʼae is a southeastern variety of the !Xuun dialect continuum, spoken in Botswana and in Namibia by about 7,000 people.
It was still used by non-native speakers as a second language in the 1950s.
Mada is a regionally important Plateau language of Nigeria, with many dialects.
It is closely related to the moribund Nǁng language.
That it has been thought a dialect of Q'anjob'al is reflected in the many names Akatek has had through time.
The Nooksack language is a Coast Salish language spoken by the Nooksack people of northwestern Washington state in the United States, centered in Whatcom County.
Ẹrụwa is an Edoid language of Nigeria.
As of 2012, it is only spoken by four speakers: it has been replaced by the island’s dominant language, Teanu.
Akwa is a Bantu language of the Republic of Congo.
Meixian dialect, also known as Meizhou, Moiyen, and Yue-Tai, is the prestige dialect of Hakka Chinese and the basis for the Hakka dialects in Taiwan.
Yugambal, or Yugumbil, is an Australian Aboriginal language of northern New South Wales.
Smaller speaker communities can be found in the villages of Qteon and Qtevut.
8 Genesis 2:8 follows in Ngarrindjerri from the 1864 translation and a literal English translation.
Most of the men speak Pashto as a second language, and some also speak Khowar and Urdu but there are no signs of massive language change.
The relationship of Hokkaidō dialect to the rest of Japanese—and whether there even is a coherent Hokkaidō dialect—are the subject of debate.
Cacán is an extinct language that was spoken by the Diaguita and Calchaquí tribes in northern Argentina and Chile.
Kutang, also known as Kutang Ghale and Kuke, is a minor Tibeto-Burman language of Nepal.
Lomaiviti is an East Fijian language spoken by about 1,600 people on a number of islands of Fiji.
Wakasihu, or Larike-Wakasihu after the two still-vigorous dialects, is an Austronesian language of Ambon Island in the Maluku Islands.
Southern Alta is not particularly close to Northern Alta or to other languages of Luzon.
They use it occasionally, but not frequently enough to keep it off the endangered list.
Zialo speakers name five major dialects of the language: Bayawa, Wolo-Ziolo, Woyjawa, Kelighigo and Lawolozu, of which the last one seems the most specific.
Makury falls under Ao-Tangkhul linguistic group of southern Naga languages and is close to Naga languages that fall under the said language group.
Chong is currently considered to be at stage 7 in Joshua Fishman's Graded Intergenerational Disruption Scale, where stage 8 is the closest to extinction.
As the Meru language is similar to its surrounding neighbors, the Kikuyu and Embu could have possibly adopted parts of Meru.
Quechan speakers participate in the Yuman Family Language Summit, held annually since 2001.
Ɗuwai is an Afro-Asiatic language spoken in Jigawa and Kano States, Nigeria.
The Historia Langobardorum of Paulus Diaconus mentions a duke Zaban of 574, showing /t/ shifted to /ts/.
A translation of the New Testament into the language was finished in 1999
Depending upon their location, the three Frisian languages have been heavily influenced by and bear similarities to Dutch, Low German and/or Danish, respectively.
The total number of speakers in the world is about 22,780, with about 10,000 in Switzerland alone.
They are sometimes considered part of South Teke.
SIL Ethnologue lists 850 users of the language and 1950 ethnic Wayana in all countries, using counts from 2006 and 2007.
Mak is spoken alongside Ai-Cham and Bouyei.
Namla is a poorly documented Papuan language of Indonesia.
Most of the younger generations speak Spanish fluently.
Another possibility for the state of the language is that few deaf people communicate directly, meaning that almost all signing is mediated by the hearing population.
The Ute people refer to their own language as núu-'apaghapi, meaning "the people's speech".
The three varieties were spoken in western, eastern, and southern Kamchatka.
Kakanda is a Nupoid language of Nigeria.
These river regions include such valleys in the northern Sierra Nevada mountains of California as: Indian Valley, American Valley, Butte Valley, and Big Meadows.
Simte is a Kukish language of India.
According to Christina Smith and her book on the Buandig people, the Buandig called their language Drualat-ngolonung, or Booandik-ngolo.
The verb pərgi 'go' was reduced, and became a preposition 'towards'.
At the same time in its phonology it is radically different, and has important grammatical features in common with the Sindhi language spoken to the south.
Though not closely related, it has cultural connections with Tukudede on the neighboring island of Timor.
Historical analysis shows that the two languages were out of contact for a period.
The Puyuma language or Pinuyumayan is the language of the Puyuma, an indigenous people of Taiwan.
Hittite is the earliest-attested of the Indo-European languages and is the best-known of the Anatolian languages.
Imparting of education up to elementary stage in mother tongue is a national policy.
Mon is spoken by more than a million people today.
The word Sona in the language itself means "auxiliary neutral thing", but the name was also chosen to echo "sonority" or "sound".
The language is scarcely attested and can be confidently identified only as belonging to the Afroasiatic family.
Old Turkic is the earliest attested form of Turkic, found in Göktürk and Uyghur inscriptions dating from about the 7th century to the 13th century.
By comparison of cognates, morphology, phonology and other evidence markers, the language Neverver can be traced back to the first languages of the Austronesian language family.
Unlike its Pacific neighbours, Rotuman is typically considered an AVO Language.
Unserdeutsch, or Rabaul Creole German, is a German-based creole language that originated in Papua New Guinea.
The language is well known for its original script developed by King Njoya and his palace circle around 1895.
It has been included in the Boan languages.
Speakers are shifting to Anyin, with remaining Eotile speakers heavily influenced by that language.
Kri is a recently described Vietic language.
The dialect is also spoken by a few Italian immigrants in the United States, especially in California.
Many words from Nahuatl have been borrowed into Spanish, and since diffused into hundreds of other languages.
Khehek is an Oceanic language spoken by approximately 1600 people on west-central Manus Island, Manus Province of Papua New Guinea.
Indonesian is the official language of Indonesia.
Works written in Latin during classical times and the earlier Middle Ages used Classical Latin rather than Vulgar Latin, with very few exceptions.
Zaachila Zapotec is spoken in San Raymundo Jalpan, south Oaxaca City, past Xoxo, Zaachila, San Bartolo Coyotepec, San Pablo Cuatro Venados, and Santa María Coyotepec.
The Nyore people border the Luo, Maragoli and Kisa Luhya tribes.
Whilst Maastrichtian is still widely spoken, regardless of social level, research has shown that it is suffering from a degree of dialect loss amongst younger generations.
Mara is a recognised language in the School curriculum of Mara Autonomous District Council.
Tumshuqese was more archaic than Khotanese, but it is much less understood because it appears in fewer manuscripts compared to Khotanese.
For the latter, it can fulfill an educational role as well.
The principal villages from north to south are: Manindala, Lambu, Apoze, Kamiali, Alẽso, and Kui.
The Tennet home area is a group of five villages at the northern end of the Lopit mountains, 65 kilometers northeast of Torit.
Phola, or Upriver Phula, is a dialect cluster of the Loloish languages spoken by the Phula people of China.
Ouma is an extinct Austronesian language of Papua New Guinea.
West Aramaic dialects continue to be spoken in a few villages in Syria such as Ma'loula, Bakh`a and Jubb`adin.
Mocho' speakers refer to their own language as qatô:k, which means 'our language'.
The term Oirat or, more precisely, Written Oirat is sometimes also used to refer to the language of historical documents written in the Clear script.
The tongue used in Doriath, known as Doriathrin, was said by many Grey-elves to be the highest and most noble form of the language.
Yaka is a minor Bantu language of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, on the north shore of Lake Kivu.
The error was corrected three times that year, but nonetheless "Hongote" was still listed as a Patagonian language a century later in Greenberg.
Amba is the main language spoken on the island of Utupua, in the easternmost province of the Solomon Islands.
It is spoken in the southwestern coast of Albay and northwestern Sorsogon.
Owing to heavy Islamic influences, Arabic quickly became the common language of science and literature of the epoch.
Edward Sapir established a connection between Subtiaba and Tlapanec.
Searight created Sona as a response to the Eurocentricity of other artificial auxiliary languages of his time, such as Esperanto and Ido.
Enwang and Uda are a Lower Cross River language of Nigeria.
Latvian is a Baltic language and is most closely related to Lithuanian.
Ghomaras: out of nine tribes, seven are fully Jebli-speaking, the two remaining are partially Jebli-speaking with a significant Ghomara Berber-speaking community ;
Cakfem-Mushere is an Afro-Asiatic language spoken in Plateau State, Nigeria.
Datian Min has low intelligibility with other varieties of Southern Min, and is sometimes classified as a separate branch of Min.
Eritrean Sign Language is an artificial sign language lexicon of Eritrea.
Babine–Witsuwit'en or Nadot’en-Wets’uwet’en is an Athabaskan language spoken in the Central Interior of British Columbia.
The language is attested between 500 BC and 200 AD.
Lower Nossob an extinct Khoisan language once spoken along the Nossob River on the border of South Africa and Botswana, near Namibia.
Most people in Madagascar speak it as a first language as do some people of Malagasy descent elsewhere.
As of 2012, it is only spoken by one speaker, Lainol Nalo.
Some people might say Lamba is a dialect of Bemba.
The immersion school has since closed its doors and the language program now operates through the Cultural Resource Department for the Washoe Tribe.
Tuma, or Irumu, is of one of the Finisterre languages of Papua New Guinea.
Palaka has been separated from the other Senufo languages at least since the fourteenth century AD.
It is spoken in the following two villages in eastern Guangnan County, Yunnan.
The Ophitic variant of Pontic Greek in eastern Turkey has been identified as the living language that is closest to Ancient Greek.
Vietnamese vocabulary has borrowings from Chinese, and it formerly used a modified set of Chinese characters called chữ nôm given vernacular pronunciation.
The Semelai reside in the region between Segamat and the Pahang River in Pahang.
Tuamotuan, Pa‘umotu or Paumotu is a Polynesian language spoken by 4,000 people in the Tuamotu archipelago, with an additional 2,000 speakers in Tahiti.
Although referred to as an Italian dialect even by its speakers, Venetian is a separate language.
Siar, also known as Lak, Lamassa, or Likkilikki, is an Austronesian language spoken in New Ireland Province in the southern island point of Papua New Guinea.
It was the original language of the Cañari people before its replacement by Kichwa and later Spanish.
The above days of the week are derived from the Tibetan language.
The stress and tone are quite independent from one another, in contrast to their occurrence in Swedish and Serbo-Croatian.
During the summer months, they drive the cattle to alpine pastures.
Holma is an extinct Afro-Asiatic language formerly spoken in Nigeria in Adamawa State.
Fang is spoken in northern Gabon, southern Cameroon, and throughout Equatorial Guinea.
Hlubi is a minor Bantu language of South Africa, traditionally considered a dialect of Swazi.
Jaunsari ,sirmouri, Kullvi, Pahadi of Shimla region are variation of the same language.
Gorowa is a Cushitic language spoken in Tanzania in the Dodoma and Manyara Regions.
Zan Gula, or Zan, is an Adamawa language of Chad.
There were 9,500 Lachi speakers in Vietnam in 1990.
While Christian writings are considered a subset of Late Latin, pagans wrote much Late Latin, especially in the early part of the period.
It is closely related to the Tregami language, with a lexical similarity of approximately 76% to 80%.
Ter Sami is the easternmost of the Sami languages.
Hazaragi is a dialect of Persian, part of the Dari dialect continuum, one of the main languages of Afghanistan.
The Gwich’in apparently stopped speaking the jargon in the early 20th century.
It is customarily split into an Early and Late division.
The number of speakers of Yoruba is approaching 30 million.
The Calusa were Native American people of Florida's southwest coast.
Although named Quebec sign, LSQ can be found within communities in Ontario and New Brunswick as well as certain other regions across Canada.
These facts have led some linguists to advocate considering Northern Khmer a separate, but closely related language.
It also goes by the names Iagu and Mirabo.
Due to its central position among the dialects of Occitan, it is often used as a basis for a Standard Occitan.
The language does not have a native script.
Jiamao is a divergent Hlai language spoken in southern Hainan, China.
The language has a fairly small phoneme inventory; consisting of 11 basic consonants and three basic vowels that have contrastive length counterparts.
It became extinct some time in the 20th century.
to which Ethnologue adds a fifth, 170 Korintal, spoken in Tieou.
Kaufman placed it in his Piapoko branch, but this is not followed in Aikhenvald.
Makonde is a central Bantu language closely related to Yao.
It is not a word from the language itself.
It is spoken on the island of Saipan in the Northern Mariana Islands.
All speakers of Belhare are bilingual in Nepali, which results in frequent code mixing and a large amount of Nepali loan-words.
Other names are Mambe and Tumara ~ Tumaru.
However, in Vietnam, the Halang speakers are officially classified as a subgroup of the larger Sedang ethnicity.
The most recent dictionary of Guernésiais, Dictiounnaire Angllais-guernesiais.
The Ati people also speak Kinaray-a and Hiligaynon.
Corsican is a Romance language within the Italo-Dalmatian subfamily.
Donohue identifies Ndra'ngith as the same dialect as Ntrwa'ngayth, but Sutton presents it as being distinct.
Koiwat is one of the Ndu languages of Sepik River region of northern Papua New Guinea.
The Dẹgẹma language is not also called "Atala" or "Udekaama", as stated in some publications.
The language is also called Mataco, Bolivian, Mataco Nocten, Nocten, Noctenes, Oktenai, and Weenhayek; the last name is used in the Bolivian constitution of 2009.
Language spoken in all these region have many punjabi and Dogri words which can be attributed to their origin to sharadalipi.
Scottish Gaelic or Scots Gaelic, sometimes also referred to simply as Gaelic, is a Celtic language native to Scotland.
An eighth of speakers are Pen, and do not like to be called Gulay.
Antillean Creole has approximately 1 million speakers and is a means of communication for migrant populations traveling between neighbouring English- and French-speaking territories.
The language is spoken throughout the Taumako Islands, while in the Reef Islands, it is spoken on Aua, Matema, Nifiloli, Nupani, Nukapu, and Pileni.
Tsou is a divergent Austronesian language spoken by the Tsou people of Taiwan.
Nouns, adjectives, pronouns and certain numerals were inflected in four cases: nominative, genitive, dative and accusative.
Pela or Bola is a Burmish language of western Yunnan, China.
It is moribund, with all speakers born before 1955.
Sadu) is a Loloish language of Yuxi, central Yunnan, China.
Its number words use a senary numeral system, with the following numerals: nimbo, féta, tarumba, ntamno, wärämäkä, wi.
Dadibi is a language of Papua New Guinea.
It is written in Eastern Cree syllabics.
Wasi-wari is the language of the Wasi people, spoken in a few villages in the Pârun Valley in Afghanistan.
Like Finnish and Estonian, it belongs to the Uralic language family, its closest relatives being Mansi and Khanty.
The name derives from the ancient Germanic alliance of tribes known as the Alemanni.
Kuthant, or Garandi, is an extinct Paman language of the Cape York Peninsula, Queensland, Australia.
Central Maewo, also known as Peterara after one of its dialects, is an Oceanic language spoken on Maewo, Vanuatu.
It is also possible that the language was spoken by the Cumans, per Byzantine princess Anna Komnene.
Navajo is spoken primarily in the Southwestern United States, especially in the Navajo Nation political area.
The langue d’oïl subsequently spread south, absorbing oc features.
Awakatek is a Mayan language spoken in Guatemala, primarily in Huehuetenango and around Aguacatán.
Together with Komi and Komi-Permyak languages, it constitutes the Permic grouping.
Heligolandic is the dialect of the North Frisian language spoken on the German island of Heligoland in the North Sea.
It's not clear that it's a separate language from its neighbors.
Tok Pisin is also the first language of the youngest children, despite efforts to revise this trend.
It is often considered a divergent dialect of Dargwa.
It has several dialects, including Umali, Goy, Moreb, and Orig
MacAlister completed the grammatical analysis on February 24, 1884.
Valman is a Torricelli language of Papua New Guinea.
Hostetter extracted and compiled these words into a Taliska Dictionary which he presented at ELFcon III in 1993.
Thus for Inuit takuvagit "I see you" was pidgin uvanga taku ivvit.
The Makah language is the indigenous language spoken by the Makah people.
Arabic is often known as a second language.
Busa, or Bisã, is the Mande language of the former Bussa Emirate in Nigeria.
The Kango and Sua speak distinct dialects, but not enough to impair mutual intelligibility with their farming Bila patrons.
Notable Croatian linguists consider Kajkavian to be a language in its own right, with its own established dialects and documented literature.
Kaure is a Papuan language of West Papua.
It was once spoken by the Alabama-Quassarte Tribal Town of Oklahoma, but there are no more Alabama speakers in Oklahoma.
Mudbura, also known as Pinkangama, is an aboriginal language of Australia.
Cashibo, Cacataibo, Cashibo-Cacataibo, Managua, or Hagueti is an indigenous language of Peru in the region of the Aguaytía, San Alejandro, and Súngaro rivers.
Setaman is one of the Ok languages of New Guinea.
Romblomanon is an Austronesian regional language spoken, along with Asi and Onhan, in the province of Romblon in the Philippines.
The name Comecrudo is Spanish for "eat-raw"; Carrizo is Spanish for "reed".
Zambian Sign Language is a sign language used by the Deaf community in Zambia.
Aimele, or Kware, is a Papuan language of Papua New Guinea.
Paza speakers consist of 2,100 people distributed in 8 villages of Ban Phusang Mai, Muang Samphan, Phongsaly, and 1 village in Oudomxay.
They have traditionally been classified as Malay, Para-Malay, and Aboriginal Malay, but this reflects geography and ethnicity rather than a proper linguistic classification.
Abu’, also known as Ua, is an Arapesh language of Papua New Guinea.
Ra mè parolla - ti l'het 'cettaa...
It is usually classified as a Khmuic language, a subgroup of the Austroasiatic languages.
There are about 27,000 speakers in the Buin District of Bougainville Province, Papua New Guinea.
Temoq is a nearly extinct aboriginal Mon–Khmer language spoken by the Temoq people of Peninsula Malaysia.
Ethnologue divides Dida into two groups, Yocoboué Dida and Lakota Dida, which are only marginally mutually intelligible and best considered separate languages.
There are 3,000 speakers in Mangdi, Hepai, Gengma County, Lincang Prefecture, as well as in Cangyuan County.
Overall, in the 1960s and later, the trend reversed and education and publishing in Basque began to flourish.
A machine backwards transformation of the dictionary was performed by independent scientists who created the French translation of Yemba words.
The language is part of the Siouan language family, and is closely related to the languages of the Iowa, Missouri, and Oto.
Northern Najdi, spoken in Ha'il Region and Al-Qassim Region in the Najd.
Around 10 fluent speakers are left; the overall number of potential speakers is less than 40 individuals.
The dialect is, among other things, perhaps mostly characterized by the use of apocope, palatalization and the use of retroflex flaps.
These characteristics of Swiss Standard German are called Helvetisms.
Bepour is a nearly extinct Papuan language of Madang Province, Papua New Guinea.
Eastern Ojibwe-speaking communities include Rama and Curve Lake.
It evolved into Early Middle Japanese in the succeeding Heian period, although the precise separation of these two languages is controversial.
There are also a thousand speakers of Machinere.
However, the dialects can be said to vary between villages: the "upper-group" contains Andi, Gagatl, Rikvani, and Zilo, whereas the "lower-group" contains Munin and Kvanxidatl.
Besme is an Adamawa language of Chad.
This Lombardic alphabet, as commonly transcribed, consists of the following graphemes:
Kuni is a Malayo-Polynesian languages of the central southern coast of the Papuan Peninsula in Papua New Guinea.
Bukawa is an Austronesian language spoken by about 12,000 people on the coast of the Huon Gulf, Morobe Province, Papua New Guinea.
It belongs to the Lechitic subgroup of the West Slavic languages.
In 1917 it was documented in a monograph by Franz Boas, who considered the language nearly extinct.
The 50,000 Iambi speak a slightly divergent dialect, sometimes listed as a distinct language.
Juk is a Mon–Khmer language of the Bahnaric branch spoken in Sekong Province, Laos.
Kosraean , sometimes rendered Kusaiean, is the language spoken on the islands of Kosrae, Caroline Islands, and Nauru.
Kadar is a Dravidian language of Kerala and Tamil Nadu that is closely related to Malayalam.
They share cognates with divergent Niger–Congo languages such as Ijo that are not found elsewhere in the Kordofanian languages.
In the only large-scale work to treat the Tani languages, Sun had no access to Tangam data and supposed it to be a variety of Damu.
Citak is the Papuan language of Citak-Mitack subdistrict, Mappi Regency, Indonesia.
It was closely related to the Guernésiais, Jèrriais, Sercquiais dialects of the neighbouring islands, as well as Continental Norman on the European mainland.
Majorly it is called Bhotia; Bhotia is the broad term used in Himalayan region: several communities and languages are considered under this term.
It was spoken along the central eastern coast of the island by the Oyster Bay tribe, and in the interior by the Big River tribe.
Biri is an extinct Australian Aboriginal language of Queensland.
Nuk is one of the Finisterre languages of Papua New Guinea.
Mandobo, or Kaeti, is a Papuan language of Papua, Indonesia.
Today, it is spoken almost entirely within Croatia's borders, apart from the Burgenland Croatian in Austria and Hungary and a few villages in Slovenia.
Almost the entire Munji-speaking population of Afghanistan fled across the border to Chitral during the War in Afghanistan.
Tugen is the language spoken by the about 200,000 Tugen people of the broader Kalenjin group in Kenya.
Slovak  is an Indo-European language that belongs to the West Slavic languages.
Standard Sotho and Northern Sotho are not commonly used in schools except in Tswana and Northern Sotho lessons.
The Bawms that live on the Chittagong Hill Tracts of Bangladesh call their settlements "Bawmram", which literally means an area or location inhabited by Bawms.
South Tairoa, AKA Omwunra-Toqura, has dialects Aatasaara, Haaviqinra-Oraura, Omwunra-Toqura, Vaira-Ntosara, Veqaura, Vinaata-Konkompira.
Tɔli is a Gbe language of Benin.
Acoli is a Southern Luo dialect spoken by the Acholi people in the districts of Gulu, Kitgum and Pader in northern Uganda.
Goaria is a Marwari Rajasthani language spoken by some 25,000 people in Sindh Province, Pakistan.
Helong is a Central Malayo-Polynesian language of West Timor.
The Jesuit priest Baegert documented words, sentences and texts in the language between 1751 and 1768.
Bawm or Bawm Chin, also known as Banjogi, is a Kukish language primarily of Bangladesh.
Macanese Portuguese is a Portuguese dialect spoken in Macau, where Portuguese is co-official with Cantonese.
Tai Dón, also known as Tai Khao or White Tai, is a Tai language of northern Vietnam, Laos and China.
Despite the small distances between the towns in the region, there exists some dialectal variation, most prominently in accent.
Kulisusu is an Austronesian language of Southeast Sulawesi, Indonesia.
Gedaged is an Austronesian language spoken by about 7000 people in coastal villages and on islands in Astrolabe Bay, Madang Province, Papua New Guinea.
The number of speakers of this dialect is unknown.
Kildin Sami is written using an official Cyrillic script.
Kháng, also known as Mang U’, is an Austroasiatic language of Vietnam.
The number of current users is not attested, and it is not even known if it ever existed.
It is one of the official languages of the European Union.
There is no significant dialectal variation within modern Ske, although there are noticeable differences between the Ske of older and younger speakers.
Yamaura considers Kesen an independent language, related to both Japanese and Ainu languages, but this is not accepted by other linguists.
The non-Latin characters used by the language predominantly refer to click consonants and follow the orthography by Patrick Dickens for Juǀ'hoan.
Jawe is one of the Kanak languages spoken in the northern province of the largest island of New Caledonia named Grande Terre.
There are now known to be at least seven or eight fluent speakers of the language, the youngest in her thirties.
In the village of Kema, the Mombo language is called Ambaleeŋge.
Its range is an east-to-west oval in the Sahel, about 1400 miles long by 300 miles north-to-south.
Already, the University of the West Indies in conjunction with the University of Central London has begun working on a language documentation project for the language.
Not to be confused with the Songo variety of Yansi.
Bundjalung consists of a number of dialects, including Yugumbir, Nganduwal, Minjangbal, Njangbal, Biriin, Baryulgil, Waalubal, Dinggabal, Wiyabal, Gidabal, Galibal, and Wudjeebal.
Ranglong is an unclassified Sino-Tibetan language of Burma.
They have so far produced a phonological description, a dialect survey report and several papers on aspects of grammar.
Amdang is a language closely related to Fur, which together constitute a branch of the Nilo-Saharan language family.
The speakers of this language - the Palor people or Serer-Palor, are ethnically Serers but they do not speak the Serer-Sine language.
The Gelama dialect of Cameroon may be a separate language.
Yakkha is a language spoken in parts of Nepal, Darjeeling district and Sikkim.
The language was sometimes called Alaya or Awu Alaya.
Jukun, or more precisely Jukun Takum, is a Jukunoid language of Cameroon used as a trade language in Nigeria.
Unique among other Danao languages, Maranaoan is spoken with a distinct downstep accent, as opposed to stress accent.
The nature of tone differs between the dialects, and in Alaskan Haida it is primarily a pitch accent system.
Also, the following translation of the Lord's Prayer survives:
Tataltepec Chatino, also known as Lowland Chatino and Chatino Occidental Bajo, is an indigenous Mesoamerican language, one of the Chatino family of the Oto-Manguean languages.
That is, it is used for communicating to the deaf, but also when communicating at a distance, when hunting, or when ceremonies require silence.
Little is known of the languages and no relationship to other languages is demonstrable.
Maho lists North and South Kogo as dialects.
Variant names of Kitwii include, Kicwe, Twii, Bakoni, Northern Balong, Upper Balong, Manyeman, Manyemen.
Mondé, or Salamãi, is a possibly extinct Tupian language of the state of Rondônia, in the Amazon region of Brazil.
A "Ponares" language is inferred from surnames, and may have been Piapoco or Achagua.
The earliest attested document in Eskayan provisionally dates from 1908, and was on display at the Bohol Museum until September 2006.
Mapudungun is a language isolate spoken in south-central Chile and west central Argentina by the Mapuche people.
Tallán, or Atalán, is an extinct and poorly attested language of the Piura Region of Peru.
Zemba is a Bantu language spoken mainly in Angola where the language has about 18,000 speakers, and also in Namibia with some 4,000.
It has some elements from Emilian language, so that it's considered by someone to be a dialect of this language.
Dental fricative is replaced by glottal stop at initial and medial positions.
Like ǀXam, ǂUngkue used 'inclusory' pronouns for compound subjects:
There is 61% lexical similarity with a related but different Nyole language in Kenya.
See Mazatecan languages for a detailed description of these languages.
According to the 2002 Uganda population and housing census, over 1.57 million people in Uganda spoke Ateso.
The term is also used by speakers of the Nafusi Berber variety.
Angkula is an extinct Paman language of the Cape York Peninsula in Queensland, Australia.
Bintauna is a Philippine language spoken in North Sulawesi, Indonesia.
It is related to or perhaps descended from Favorlang, attested from the 17th century.
Teremembé is an extinct and unattested language of Brazil.
Surrounding languages including Southern Tagbanwa, Central Tagbanwa, Kuyonon, and Agutaynen.
It is a dialect that is less understood by native Fijian speakers due to different sounds and spelling of common words.
Lolopo is a Loloish language spoken by half a million Yi people of China.
A number of speakers also use Oromo or Konso.
There are about 2,400 speakers, concentrated primarily on the northwest coast of the island.
The Rumphi variant is often regarded as the most "linguistically pure", and is sometimes called "real Tumbuka".
They are to some extent mutually intelligible with Taihu Wu.
Alege is a Bendi language of Nigeria.
It is spoken on half of Karkar Island, and a small part of the shore on the mainland, by 20,000 people; language use is vigorous.
They use the Burgenland Croatian written language and are historically and culturally closely connected to the Austrian Croats.
Totela is a poorly described Bantu language of Zambia.
Dungmali, or Dungmali-Bantawa, is a Kiranti language spoken in Nepal.
It forms part of Central Mandarin with Central Plains Mandarin.
it is a Gonja dialect that has come under heavy external influence;
Some additional Kazukuru data and the only information on Dororo and Guliguli were published by Peter Lanyon-Orgill in 1953.
Xu classifies Muda as a Ha-Ya language.
Mò ti set veggia - ra mè Luzzietta,
It is spoken by the Bhutia in Sikkim and northeast Nepal.
Haruku is an Austronesian spoken on Haruku Island, just east of Ambon Island in eastern Indonesia, part of a dialect chain around Seram Island.
Beezen is a Plateau language of Cameroon.
There are some 3,000 speakers, although only 700 of these live on Ulithi atoll.
It employs a keyboard whose keys contain lexigrams, symbols corresponding to objects or ideas.
Most used alternative names are Kati or Bashgali.
Kannada has an unbroken literary history of over a thousand years.
It is thought that the homeland of the Malayic languages is in western Borneo, where the Ibanic languages remain.
Molo is a moribund Nilo-Saharan language spoken by a few of the Molo people of Sudan.
The Brummie accent and the Coventry accent are also quite distinct in their differences, despite only 17 miles separating the cities.
Ipulo, or Assumbo, is a Tivoid language of Cameroon.
Ich hann's'm schunn verzehlt, awwer er had mer's net geglaabt.
It is fairly similar to Tindi, its closest relative.
It has 79 percent intelligibility with Morelos Nahuatl.
Paha is often considered to be part of the Buyang dialect cluster and is the most divergent form.
Just as with the rest of the Arab world, Jews had different dialects depending on where they lived.
The 2007 Census of Ethiopia lists 45,120 individuals for the ethnic group.
Yaghnobi is mostly used for daily family communication, and Tajik is used by Yaghnobi-speakers for business and formal transactions.
In between the two main dialects is a transitional dialect that shares some features of both other dialects.
The Malayan languages are mutually unintelligible to varying extents, though the distinction between language and dialect is unclear in many cases.
All of whom are linked to the now extinct Semitic Harla language.
It was formerly spoken in Brazil, but is now extinct in that country.
Searight used inspiration from many diverse languages, including English, Arabic, Turkish, Chinese and Japanese, to create his eclectic yet regular and logical language.
Muyang is an Afro-Asiatic language spoken in northern Cameroon.
It was spoken in the Vanj River valley in what is now the Gorno-Badakhshan Autonomous Region of Tajikistan.
The Wichí languages are predominantly suffixing and polysynthetic; verbal words have between 2 and 15 morphemes.
