The Secretariat of the Naifaru Council, is the legislative body elected under the law of local government, in Maldives.
There are also party-list representatives elected through the party-list system who constitute not more than twenty percent of the total number of representatives.
Primacy of Nellore City accounts for 65% of Urban Population of Nellore District.
The 1913 session was marked by the passage of a municipal Sunday closing law, which was favored by Cruce.
Yangon Region Hluttaw is the legislature of the Burmese region of Yangon Region.
Its Legislative Assembly was renamed the Parliament of Singapore.
The Senate includes a varying number of members, which may under the Maine Constitution be 31, 33, or 35; the present number is 35.
; approves the budget presented by the government as law and monitors the executive power.
This council's members were elected and appointed in the 1964 general election and served until it was dissolved for the 1967 general election
Sir William Allardyce served as governor of Newfoundland.
Franco himself rejected any identification with liberal democracy.
The term of office is five years.
The Guam Legislature meets in the territorial capital of Hagåtña in the Guam Congress Building, located at 163 Chalan Santo Papa.
If the laws that were approved came from the king they received the name of "Constitutions", if they came from the Estates, "Court Chapters".
The All-Ukrainian Congress of Soviets was the supreme governing body of the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic from 1917–22.
It was initially founded in 1985 as the West Nordic Parliamentarian Council of Cooperation but the name was changed in 1997.
This is a list of constituency of Gujarat Legislative Assembly or Gujarat Vidhan Sabha.
The municipal corporation consists of democratically elected members, is headed by a mayor and administers the city's infrastructure, public services and police.
Ishwar Das Rohani was speaker of the house since 2003.
10 seats for the representatives of the Serbs.
In July 2008 the Boundary Committee announced their preferred option was for a unitary authority covering Ipswich and the south-eastern corner of Suffolk.
The Chairman and the Deputy Chairman of the Council are chosen by the council at the first regular meeting in odd-numbered years.
Political party distribution in the current National Council is as follows:
The South Carolina General Assembly, also called the South Carolina Legislature, is the state legislature of the U.S. state of South Carolina.
After Little resigned as leader in 1858, John Kent served as premier.
State legislators met in special session from May 23 through 27, 1994, and for six days between October 3 and November 4, 1994.
The Legislative Assembly of Rio de Janeiro is the unicameral legislature of Rio de Janeiro state in Brazil.
The San Jose City Council is the governing body of the city of San Jose, California.
With just twenty members, the Alaska Senate is the smallest state upper house legislative chamber in the United States.
It serves as the legislative branch of the Paraguayan state.
On their return, they bring to the notice of the administration all the grievances and matters which need attention.
The Parliament currently has 81 members, elected for a four-year term.
The lower house was dissolved on March 27, 1838 following the Lower Canada Rebellion and Lower Canada was administered by an appointed Special Council.
These were replaced with the unicameral National Legislative Assembly, a body of 250 members, selected by the National Council for Peace and Order.
It is a representative assembly, with one elected member from each of nine districts: Niagara, Delaware, Masten, Ellicott, Lovejoy, Fillmore, North, University, and South.
On 19 August 2005, the Senate and National Assembly elected Pierre Nkurunziza president of the republic.
It is made up of councillors from the 19 wards that split up the town.
1 to 10, 15 to 17, and 67 to 69.
The Podlaskie Regional Assembly is the regional legislature of the Podlaskie Voivodeship, Poland.
Visitors are also given a brief about the statues and portraits installed in the complex.
In New Jersey, each district elects one Senator and two Assembly members..
The Western Australian Legislative Assembly, or lower house, is one of the two chambers of the Parliament of Western Australia, an Australian state.
Currently, there are 14 Republicans and 10 Democrats.
The Assembly has 25 members, elected for a term of up to four years, with five members being elected in each of five electorates, called divisions.
Herefordshire County Council was the county council of Herefordshire from 1 April 1889 to 31 March 1974.
The Vidhan Sabha comprises 90 Members of Legislative Assembly, directly elected from single-seat constituencies.
MEDC is responsible for providing a variety of local public services including roads, sanitation, drains, housing, libraries, public parks and recreational facilities.
The current majority is a coalition of the Christian Democratic Union, The Greens and the Free Democratic Party, supporting the cabinet of Minister-President Daniel Günther.
A new election was called for the following year.
The Cortes of Castilla–La Mancha is the unicameral legislature of Castilla-La Mancha, an autonomous community of Spain.
The political party should field candidates in at least 50 per cent of total constituencies and should field at least 30 per cent females.
Antrim and Newtownabbey Borough Council is a local authority that was established on 1 April 2015.
Papua New Guinea has a fractious political culture, and no party in the history of parliament has yet won a majority.
The Texas Senate is the upper house of the Texas State Legislature.
It is a London borough council, one of 32 in the United Kingdom capital of London.
Poynton with Worth Town Council is the town council for the Cheshire Market Town of Poynton.
Bedfordshire County Council was the county council of the non-metropolitan county of Bedfordshire in England.
Despite this, the Jay Weatherill Labor government kept crossbench MPs Brock and Hamilton-Smith in cabinet, giving the government a 26 to 21 parliamentary majority.
The Progressive Conservative Party led by Frank Moores formed the government.
The Oklahoma House of Representatives and Oklahoma Senate are the two houses that make up the bicameral state legislature.
The National Assembly is located in the capital Asmara.
The constitution recognizes the Workers' Party as the leading party of the state.
The House of Delegates has 16 members, each serving four-year terms in single-seat constituencies.
The first board members, elected in the 2010 local body elections, in election order:
The remit of Waterford County Council also included some suburbs of the Waterford city not within the remit of Waterford City Council.
The Mizoram Legislative Assembly is the unicameral state legislature of Mizoram state in north-eastern India.
It is located at the People's Palace in Kinshasa.
The West Midlands County Council was, from 1974 to 1986, the upper-tier administrative body for the West Midlands county, a metropolitan county in England.
The House of Representatives —Arabic: ‎‎ مجلس النواب, Majlis al-Nuwaab, literally Council of Deputies— is the legislature of Libya.
Members from the state's leading various political parties hold elected offices in the corporation.
Homer Paul served as President pro tempore of the Oklahoma Senate.
The members of the upper house, the Maharashtra Vidhan Parishad are indirectly elected through an electoral college.
At its first meeting on 1 February 2016, Win Myint and T Khun Myat were elected as Speaker and Deputy Speaker of the Pyithu Hluttaw.
The Goa Legislative Assembly "गोंय विधानसभा" is the unicameral legislature of the state of Goa in western India.
The Governor's Council was the upper house of the colonial legislature in the Colony of Virginia from 1607 until the American Revolution in 1776.
The Conservative Party held control of the council from 2002 until 2014, when it became no overall control.
The council is currently controlled by the Labour Party and is led by Mayor Joe Anderson.
The membership of this Assembly was decided by the 2007 Northwest Territories general election held on October 1, 2007 to elect 19 members.
Zanskar is part of Kargil district along with Suru, Wakha and Dras valleys.
Representatives are elected to two-year terms with no term limits.
Missouri's house is the fourth largest in the United States although the state ranks 18th in population.
James C. Nance became the first two-term Speaker of the Oklahoma House of Representatives.
It is a unitary authority, having the powers of a non-metropolitan county and district council combined.
KUC is responsible for providing a variety of local public services including roads, sanitation, drains, housing, libraries, public parks and recreational facilities.
The Senate of the Republic is a house of the bicameral Italian Parliament.
It consists of the upper Idaho Senate and the lower Idaho House of Representatives.
The city and county administration is headed by a Chief Executive, Michael Walsh.
The colonial administration still reserved significant power, such as that of veto and control of certain aspects of government.
It is a unitary authority, having the powers of a non-metropolitan county and district council combined.
Presently, 182 members of the Legislative Assembly are directly elected from the single-seat constituencies and one member is nominated.
Rajapakse was the first Chairmen of the Urban District Council in 1922.
Created with the adoption of the Ethiopian Constitution of 1995, the Parliament replaced the Shengo as the legislative branch of the Ethiopian government.
It is currently under Labour control and led by Alan Waters.
As with all other Australian states and territories, voting is compulsory for all Australian citizens over the legal voting age of 18.
As a unitary authority it has the powers of a non-metropolitan county and district council combined.
The state legislature has the power to make laws and impeach judges.
The Chamber of Nationalities was the upper house of the bicameral Union Parliament of Burma from 1948 to 1962.
Camden is divided into 18 wards, each electing three councillors.
NDC is responsible for providing a variety of local public services including roads, sanitation, drains, housing, libraries, public parks and recreational facilities.
The functioning of Parliament is derived from the British Westminster system, and includes the principle of parliamentary supremacy, within the limits of the Constitution.
There are no term limits for either house in the Legislative Assembly.
The 24 legislative councillors were originally appointed.
Assembly of Representatives, the lower chamber with 63 members elected for a five-year term, 22 by proportional representation and 41 in single-seat constituencies.
Thurrock Council is the local council for the borough of Thurrock in Essex, England.
It was succeeded by Tipperary County Council.
Council members are elected for five year terms.
The seat of the House is Kohima, the capital of Nagaland.
It consists of 100 senators elected by universal ballot and is headed by the Marshal of the Senate.
The session laws are published in the official Laws of New York.
The council is one of twenty-two unitary authorities that came into existence on 1 April 1996 under the provisions of the Local Government Act 1994.
The council offices are located at the District Council House on Frog Lane, in the centre of Lichfield.
City of York Council is the local authority of the City of York, England.
When the Senate was restored by the 1987 Constitution, the 24 senators who were elected in 1987 served until 1992.
There are 99 members in the house, elected from single-member districts.
The Benelux Interparliamentary Consultative Council is one of the institutions of the Benelux economic union.
The Liberal Party led by William Whiteway formed the government.
The council, however, has numerous offices across the county and area committees meet in the former district headquarters at Oswestry, Wem, Ludlow and Bridgnorth.
The county administration is headed by a Chief Executive, Peter Hynes.
North Ayrshire Council is a hung Council.
It is currently controlled by the Conservative Party and has been led by Mary Markham since her election on 7 May 2015.
The Masovian Regional Assembly is the regional legislature of the Voivodeship of Masovia in Poland.
The first session of the Assembly's sixteen members occurred in Newark, Upper Canada on 17 September 1792.
The current Executive Board of Silesia is a coalition government between Civic Platform, the Polish People's Party, the Silesian Autonomy Movement and the Democratic Left Alliance.
They met for 120-day sessions in Guthrie, Oklahoma.
Unlike the lower house, the Iowa House of Representatives, Senators serve four-year terms, with half of the Senate staggered for re-election every two years.
The Vice President is also granted a seat in the assembly.
The Ipswich Corporation was a municipal corporation that owned property and government in the Borough of Ipswich.
The Hellenic Parliament is the parliament of Greece, located in the Old Royal Palace, overlooking Syntagma Square in Athens.
There are also 5 independent councillors, 3 that represent the Heald Green Ratepayers and 2 others that are Independent.
The People's Consultative Assembly of the Republic of Indonesia is the legislative branch in Indonesia's political system.
House districts are formed by dividing each Senate district in half.
With Stalin's takeover, the role of the Central Committee was eclipsed by the Politburo, which consisted of a small clique of loyal Stalinists.
It sits in Parliament House in the state capital, Adelaide.
As of 2015-16 reports, Kollam has a revenue of Rs.889.74 crore, expenditure of Rs.830 crore and a surplus of Rs.59.73 crore.
It is referred to as the lower house, with the Senate being referred to as the upper house.
Sir John Hawley Glover served as colonial governor of Newfoundland.
The eight cabinet members each have responsibility for particular functions of the council.
Five constituencies were added in the 2007 election; there were only 36 constituencies prior to 2007.
The remaining 22 are chosen from single-member provincial electorates: the 20 provinces, the autonomous province of Bougainville, and the National Capital District.
The council composes of 66 councilors lastly elected through the 2014 Republic of China local election on 29 November 2014.
KDC is sometimes called Karativu Divisional Council.
(Kingston upon) Hull City Council is the governing body for the unitary authority and city of Kingston upon Hull.
The county administration is headed by a Chief Executive, Jackie Maguire.
There are no term limits for either chamber.
The district name "Ards and North Down" was not finalised until 2016.
The Legislative Yuan is the unicameral legislature of the Republic of China.
The upper house was to have been restored under the name "Senate" in the June 2012 constitutional amendments.
The current Kiribati Electoral Commissioner is Rine Ueara.
The city of Cambridge is the county town.
The assembly elects the executive board that acts as the collective executive for the regional government, headed by the voivodeship marshal.
The chamber consists of 42 members which are elected by party-list proportional representation.
The Yunlin County Council is the elected county council of Yunlin County, Republic of China.
The parliament is formally made up by the Queen, an appointed Senate, and an elected House of Assembly.
Derby City Council is the local government unitary authority for Derby, a city in the East Midlands region of England.
Although records are incomplete, about 150,000 persons were charged with crimes by the Inquisition and it is believed 3,000–5,000 people were executed.
In total there were 14 Congresses of Soviets that for the most of the time took place in Kharkiv.
After the Soviet ultimatum in June 1940, a new pro-Soviet government was formed, known as the People's Government.
The Commons is an elected body consisting of 650 members known as Members of Parliament.
It is modeled after the British Parliament.
Doncaster is divided into 21 wards for electoral purposes, electing a total of 55 councillors.
The members of the 12th General Assembly of Newfoundland were elected in the Newfoundland general election held in November 1874.
The President of the Senate is the Lieutenant Governor, who has no vote except in the event of an otherwise tie vote.
The Senate is based in Warsaw and is located in a building which forms part of the Sejm Complex on Ul.
The Taoyuan County Council is the elected municipal council of Taoyuan City, Republic of China.
The Legislative Assembly of Rio Grande do Sul is the unicameral legislature of Rio Grande do Sul state in Brazil.
As Australian politicians traditionally vote along party lines, most legislation introduced by the governing party will be passed by the House of Assembly.
The General National Congress was a body formed by politicians from the blocs that lost the June 2014 elections in Libya.
Voting is by the optional preferential voting form of the alternative vote system.
Unlike in many state legislatures, there is no single "aisle" to cross per se, as members of both parties sit partially segregated in five sections.
It is composed of seventy-five deputies representing citizens from the three provinces of the Basque autonomous community.
The National Assembly has 193 members who are directly elected in single member constituencies using the simple majority system and serve five-year terms.
In this case the President Pro Tempore and Lieutenant Governor would be the same person.
The Senate was appointed/indirectly elected rather than directly elected.
The head of the council has the title of Cathaoirleach.
The assembly has a regular membership 88 members.
In 1856, a bill was passed to replace the appointed members by election.
The next election to the authority will be in 2019.
The National Assembly alone possesses legislative supremacy and thereby ultimate power over all other political bodies in Malawi.
The senators are elected by the whole electorate and do not represent any geographical district.
The Seventh House of Assembly was opened on August 26, 2008.
Paul Dicks served as speaker until 1995.
However they are not one and the same.
The Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, represented by the Governor General of the Province of Canada;
In 2015 general election, the National League for Democracy won the most contested seats in the legislature.
The lawsuits on the legitimacy of the assembly have been dismissed on 3 March 2013.
The last election took place in 2003.
It has 10 members elected using the open list proportional representation system.
The most recent Kiev local election took place on 25 October 2015.
The House of the People has the primary responsibility for making and ratifying laws and approving the actions of the president.
It was created on 1 April 1997 following a review by the Local Government Commission for England, becoming administratively independent from Dorset County Council.
Only 171,094 from about 12 million Malaysian youths registered their name in the official website of the Youth Parliament.
The 42 National Council members are chosen by regional councils, which are directly elected for a term of six years.
Members of both houses are elected from single-member constituencies.
It met for 13 hours, from 4 p.m. to 5 a.m., 18–19 January [O.S.
All-Ukrainian Central Executive Committee was a representative body of the All-Ukrainian Congress of Soviets.
It was replaced with four authorities: Bristol City Council, South Gloucestershire Council, North Somerset Council and Bath and North East Somerset Council.
The current Parliament is the 40th Parliament.
In elections to the Verkhovna Rada, a mixed voting system is used.
The head of the council has the title of Cathaoirleach.
Therefore, negotiations between parties have always been necessary to form governments.
Between 1972 and 1990, Zambia was a one-party state with the United National Independence Party as the sole legal party.
Very few of these are female since most hereditary peerages can only be inherited by men.
It meets in the New Council chambers at the Rio Rancho city hall in the northwest quadrant of the city.
The most recent civic election took place in November, 2014.
Gandhinagar Municipal Corporation is the local civic body responsible for the administration of Gandhinagar, the capital of the Indian state of Gujarat.
The agenda for the meetings appears to be controlled by the General Secretary and decisions are made by consensus rather than by majority vote.
Norwich City Council is the city council for the city of Norwich in Norfolk, England.
The Parliament building is located in Ciutadella park, Barcelona.
The General Assembly meets in the Georgia State Capitol in Atlanta.
Issue of business lincense to shop owners and petty traders
The three Republican council members are led by Minority Leader Steven Matteo.
Many of the members first called in the Council in 1792 had served as councillors in the Council for the Affairs of the Province of Quebec.
Its predecessors were the unicameral Assembly of Bosnia and Herzegovina and the People's Assembly of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Johor Bahru City Council is a local council which administrates Johor Bahru city centre and other areas of the Iskandar Malaysia area in Johor, Malaysia.
The current chairperson of the assembly is Grzegorz Wolnik.
The Vice-mayor of the city is the presiding officer of the council, who is elected citywide.
The Wyoming Senate is the upper house of the Wyoming State Legislature.
The Flemish Parliament meets in the Flemish Parliament building in central Brussels, and its members and staff are housed in the House of the Flemish Representatives.
The Municipal Chamber of Rio de Janeiro is the unicameral legislative body of the city of Rio de Janeiro.
Mira-Bhayander is administered by Mira-Bhayander Municipal Corporation, with a population at the 2011 Census of 814,655.
With the Tribunat and the Corps législatif, the Senate formed one of the three legislative assemblies of the Consulate.
The Malolos Congress or formally known as the "National Assembly" of representatives was the constituent assembly of the First Philippine Republic.
Depending on the election year, roughly one-third, two-thirds, or all Senate seats may be contested.
The Legislative Assembly of Paraíba is the unicameral legislature of Paraíba state in Brazil.
Direct elections have never been held; planned elections have been continuously postponed since 2001.
The legislative assembly comprises 295 Members of Legislative Assembly, which include 294 members directly elected from single-seat constituencies and one nominated from the Anglo-Indian community.
VNDC is responsible for providing a variety of local public services including roads, sanitation, drains, housing, libraries, public parks and recreational facilities.
The Parliament of Galicia is the unicameral legislature of the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain.
The Prussian National Assembly, came into being after the revolution of 1848 and was tasked with drawing up a constitution for Prussia.
The National Assembly, formerly the Legislative Assembly, is the legislative branch of the government of the Republic of Panama.
The establishment of the original system dates back to the Constitutional Act of 1791.
It has a total of 91 members who are elected in a party list proportional representation system.
The Senate, together with the House of Representatives of Puerto Rico, control the legislative branch of the government of Puerto Rico.
The borough council provides some shared services with Hammersmith and Fulham, and Kensington and Chelsea.
If that first chamber adopts a law proposal, it is passed on to the other one, which can approve or reject.
The Newfoundland and Labrador General Assembly meets in the Confederation Building at St. John's.
The Board is divided into 9 members of the board which is elected by Single-member districts which can serve the length of four years.
That practice continued until 1996, when the voters approved a constitutional amendment that changed the term for representatives to four-years with staggered terms.
Deputies are styled The Honourable and meet at Palazzo Montecitorio.
Both houses of the state legislature had large Democratic majorities.
The premier is New Brunswick 's head of government, while the Lieutenant Governor represents Canada's head of state the Queen of Canada.
Therefore, voting present has the same effect on the tally as voting no.
This council was established after the city was officially granted city status on 1 February 1972.
In Northern Cyprus parliamentary elections, voters vote for individual candidates.
Ujjain Municipal Corporation is the governing body of the city of Ujjain in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh.
Most of the former Middlesex area became part of the enlarged Greater London, but two Urban Districts to the south west became part of Surrey.
The Federal Council is the second chamber of the Austrian Parliament, representing the nine States of Austria on federal level.
The powers of the SNC were substantially expanded in the 1991 constitutional reforms of the SADR, and has since been further enhanced.
It is currently composed of 328 seats and meets in Baghdad inside the Green Zone.
Limerick City and County Council is the authority responsible for local government in the City of Limerick and County Limerick in Ireland.
It came into operation on 1 June 2014 after the 2014 local elections.
It has 10 members elected using the open list proportional representation system.
the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly, the lower house,
Three seats were reserved for indigenous delegates in the 131-member constitutional assembly, and two additional indigenous delegates won unreserved seats in the assembly elections.
National Unity Democratic Organisation - 1 Seat
The administrative centre of the City of Yarra is the old Richmond Town Hall in Bridge Road, Richmond.
The current county council was created in 1998.
The Australian House of Representatives is one of the two Houses of the Parliament of Australia.
The council is responsible for housing and community, roads and transportation, urban planning and development, amenity and culture, and environment.
The Legislature convenes in the State Capitol building in Charleston.
The council had four members of the Council elected by the Court of Directors.
Jalgaon Municipal Corporation serves an area approximately 68.78 km2.
Senators are elected from party lists to serve five-year terms, and the minimum age to hold a Senate seat is 35 years.
However, no more than three Senators may be members of the Cabinet.
Senators are limited to two four-year terms, and representatives to four two-year terms; a total of 8 years for members of both houses.
The House sat for the last time in Parliament House, Dublin on 2 August 1800.
Some powers of the county council were restored when the district councils delegated strategic responsibilities to the county-wide West Yorkshire Joint Services and joint boards.
The House meets at the Oregon State Capitol in Salem.
As a result of proportional representation, the chamber features a multitude of parties vying for power.
As of February 2016, the Hluttaw was led by speaker Saw Chit Khin of the National League for Democracy.
The Parliament of South Australia at Parliament House, Adelaide is the bicameral legislature of the Australian state of South Australia.
However, the Constitution requires the Vice President to preside over the counting of electoral votes.
The council is responsible for housing and community, roads and transportation, urban planning and development, amenity and culture, and environment.
It is a unicameral body, consisting of 137 members, including 103 elected members and 34 military representatives.
These members are elected for a term of five years.
It is a London borough council, one of 32 in the United Kingdom capital of London.
It borders onto Dumfries and Galloway, East Ayrshire and North Ayrshire.
Since the mid-1800s, the Sabor has regularly met and its members have been regularly elected.
Frank Keating served as the Minority leader of the Oklahoma Senate.
Karnataka is one of the seven states in India, where the state legislature is bicameral, comprising two houses: the Legislative Assembly, and the Legislative Council.
The municipal corporation is headed by a mayor and democratically elected members.
The 1925 charter instituted the present nine-member council elected in a single non-partisan, at-large election.
The headquarters of the council are located on London Road, Kilmarnock.
There are 30 Senators in the Senate, representing an equal number of constituencies across Wyoming, each with a population of at least 17,000.
It comprises 22 Conservative Party members, 19 Havering Residents Association members, six UK Independence Party members, five independent residents members and two Labour Party members.
The Delaware Senate meets at the Legislative Hall in Dover.
Regina City Council is the governing body of Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada.
The Sabor did not meet between 1918 and 1945, except for an unelected Sabor convened in 1942.
JMC is responsible for providing a variety of local public services including roads, sanitation, drains, housing, libraries, public parks and recreational facilities.
Each of the fourteen major administrative regions and states has its own local Hluttaw: Region Hluttaw or State Hluttaw.
Gordon Arnaud Winter succeeded Harnum as lieutenant-governor.
As of July 2015, the South East district covers:
President Ramotar announced that General and Regional Elections would be held on May 11, 2015.
When the two Chambers meet together once a month, they become Tynwald Court.
The North Carolina House of Representatives is one of the two houses of the North Carolina General Assembly.
The council is unusual in that its executive function is controlled by a directly elected mayor of Tower Hamlets, currently John Biggs.
It was created from the merger of Bedfordshire County Council and Mid Bedfordshire and South Bedfordshire District Councils on 1 April 2009.
It has 150 members, all of whom are appointed by the King.
The number of council members has decreased over the years.
However, the ANP does not hold a majority of seats in the legislature due to the 12 appointed seats for military personnels.
It was abolished in June 2014 when the Local Government Reform Act 2014 was implemented.
The first legislature began in January 1, 1991 and since then has 24 members.
The current Executive Board of Silesia is a coalition government between the Polish People's Party and Civic Platform.
The house is the largest full-time state legislature in the United States.
The members of the 200-seat house serve for four-year terms and are elected using the party-list proportional representation system.
The Patna Municipal Corporation is the municipal organisation of Patna, India.
As a county council, it is governed by the Local Government Act 2001.
A political party must secure 172 seats to obtain and preserve a majority.
After the implementation of local government in the Bahamas in 1996, the Ministry of Local Government approved the creation of the Hope Town District in 1999.
Deputies are elected by department and Senators on a nationwide basis.
The Deputy Speaker was not elected at that time, and absent from the sitting were members of the Opposition People's Progressive Party.
Ewart John Arlington Harnum succeeded O'Dea as lieutenant-governor.
The Pennsylvania State Senate is the upper house of the Pennsylvania General Assembly, the Pennsylvania state legislature.
It has 63 members each elected to two-year terms.
Still, Navarre did not join the autonomous community.
This proposal took effect upon the conclusion of the 1959 general election.
It was established by statutory instrument under the Local Democracy, Economic Development and Construction Act 2009 on 1 April 2014.
Borough of Poole is the unitary authority responsible for local government in the Poole, Dorset, England.
Elections are held every five years and are conducted simultaneously with the nationwide legislative election.
Efforts were done with elaborate planning to develop stable and comfortable city life.
It is a unitary authority, having the powers of a non-metropolitan county and district council combined.
The Reichstag was opened once a year by the Emperor.
In the 2015 election the Conservatives won 48 out of 52 seats.
The formation of the Shura Council was ruled unconstitutional on 2 June 2013.
Members and three observers representing the Maronite, Latin and Armenian minorities are elected by proportional representation every five years.
City council meets at Charlottetown City Hall.
Subang Jaya Municipal Council is a local authority which is in charge of the Subang Jaya city and the southern parts of Petaling district.
Colorado's legislature is similar to those of other states, except unlike many states Colorado does not give its lieutenant governor any legislative authority.
In the case of conflicting legislation, a joint sitting of the two houses can be held.
The combined population of Bhiwandi-Nizampur and Bhiwandi was 709,665 at the 2011 census.
The city administration was headed by a City Manager.
North Ayrshire also forms part of the east coast of the Firth of Clyde.
The Legislative Assembly of Bahia is the unicameral legislature of Bahia state in Brazil, it's currently based on Administrative Center of Bahia in Salvador.
From then on, Tunisia was effectively a one-party state, even though opposition parties nominally remained legal until 1963.
The council consists of the mayor and 8 councillors by ward.
The Corts has its origins in bodies established in the thirteenth century by King James I of Aragon.
However, they may occasionally meet as a single house, the French Congress, convened at the Palace of Versailles, to revise and amend the Constitution of France.
The officers elected are known as the Sangguniang Kabataan, whose term of office is usually three years, although this has been extended in some cases.
The WMCC was a strategic authority running regional services such as transport, emergency services, and strategic planning.
There were three sessions of the 31st General Assembly:
The other provinces use the terms "Provincial Legislature" and "Members of the Provincial Legislature".
The House meets in Representatives Hall at the Vermont State House in Montpelier.
The Forty-second Oklahoma Legislature was a meeting of the legislative branch of the government of Oklahoma, composed of the Senate and the House of Representatives.
A voter simply took the ballot paper, which contained only one name, and dropped it into the ballot box.
In 1984 the House of Representatives was created to represent coloured voters in the Tricameral Parliament.
The county administration is headed by a Chief Executive, Joe MacGrath.
The current Senate President is Sen. Bukola Saraki of the All Progressives Congress and the current Deputy Senate President is Ike Ekweremadu.
It has 19 members elected using the open list proportional representation system.
This led to the breakup of Whiteway's coalition and he subsequently resigned as Premier.
A Vice-Chair is selected by the Board from amongst its membership.
The unicameral legislature consists of 43 seats, all of which are determined by single mandate constituencies.
The New Jersey General Assembly is the lower house of the New Jersey Legislature.
In the 2006 election, more than two-thirds of the Senate seats were won by Democrats.
In 1982, it got its own site in a former high school.
The House of Representatives is the lower chamber of the bicameral legislative branch of Liberia, and together with the Senate comprises the Legislature of Liberia.
Members of the Bundestag are usually elected every four years by all adult German citizens in a mixed system of constituency voting and list voting.
The Senate is Burkina Faso's uncreated legislative upper chamber under the amended Constitution of Burkina Faso.
The 1994 Constitution provided for a Senate but Parliament repealed it.
It was subsequently abolished under the Northern Ireland Constitution Act 1973.
It was the lower house in a bicameral legislature until 1891, when its upper house counterpart, the Legislative Council of New Brunswick, was abolished.
The current secretary is Wang Qishan, who took office on 15 November 2012.
The assembly ran its course till October 5, 1983.
Historians generally divide the Convention's activities into three periods, moderate, radical, and reaction, and the policies of presidents of the Convention reflect these distinctions.
Russ Stark, a member of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party, is the current president of the council.
The incumbent Speaker of the 7th Legislative Assembly is Rt.
Although the referendum passed, the results are not binding, a referendum explicitly mentioning the modification of the constitution being required to achieve this.
Political parties were not established in Illinois at the time.
The Speaker sets the agenda and presides at meetings of the City Council.
Sir John Middleton served as governor of Newfoundland.
The Sikkim Legislative Assembly is the unicameral state legislature of Sikkim state in north-eastern India.
The Assembly is responsible for appointing the Governor of the Oblast, voting for or against a candidate proposed by the President of Russian Federation.
Currently, there are 100 senators representing the 50 states.
Brighton and Hove City Council is the local authority of the city of Brighton and Hove.
Both senators and deputies are chosen through direct election.
However, along with five other metropolitan county councils and the Greater London Council it was abolished on 31 March 1986 by the Local Government Act 1985.
It was reserved for Indian South Africans.
It consists of 100 directly elected members and between 18 and 21 co-opted members who serve five-year terms.
The area covered by Shropshire Council is rural, with the second largest town being Oswestry with a population of just 16,600.
The Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation was established in 1994.
The Boise City Council is the governing body of the City of Boise, Idaho.
The Surat Municipal Corporation was established on 2 October 1966.
The Kentucky Senate is composed of 38 members elected from single-member districts throughout the Commonwealth.
Following the May 2015 local elections, South Gloucestershire Council comprises 40 Conservative Councillors, 16 Liberal Democrat Councillors, and 14 Labour Councillors.
The IKP building is located in Erbil, the official capital of the Iraqi Kurdistan region.
The Thirty-ninth Oklahoma Legislature was a meeting of the legislative branch of the government of Oklahoma, composed of the Senate and the House of Representatives.
It is a unitary authority, having the powers of a non-metropolitan county and district council combined.
Amravati Municipal Corporation is the governing body of the city of Amravati in the Indian state of Maharashtra.
However, in reality the elections were staged, the Soviet had very little actual power and carried out orders given by the Communist Party of Lithuania.
Wakefield is divided into 21 wards, electing 63 councillors.
In 2015 general election, the National League for Democracy won the most contested seats in the legislature.
25 seats were elected and 7 were appointed.
The legislature has existed since Yukon was formed out of part of the Northwest Territories in 1898.
Wan Chai District currently consists of 13 members, of which the district is divided into 13 constituencies, electing a total of 13 members.
The current National Assembly has 83 members who are directly elected through a system of party-list proportional representation and serve five-year terms.
The Puketapapa board collaborated closely with Beca on the Hinaki Eel Trap Bridge.
Paul Carter is the leader of the council.
Additionally, the organisation of each national minority is entitled to a seat in the Chamber.
The Tory Party temporarily held the majority and formed a government led by Augustus F. Goodridge in 1894.
The Odisha Legislative Assembly is the unicameral state legislature of Odisha state in eastern India.
Under the territory's consensus government system, Floyd Roland was chosen as the new Premier on October 17, 2007.
The chair of the authority is Peter Box.
The presiding officer of the council is the Vice Mayor, who is elected citywide.
In practice, however, the independence of the Australian states has been greatly eroded by the increasing financial domination of the Commonwealth.
Under different periods of its history it has alternated names.
The local self-government started functioning from 1 January 1992.
It was marked by the enactment of the Executive Branch Reform Act of 1986 and the establishment of the franchise tax in Oklahoma.
Elections are held no more than five years apart, along with elections to the federal parliament and other state assemblies.
The House is composed of 100 members elected from an equal amount of constituencies across the state.
It consisted of the Governor and members of the Governor's appointed council.
The House of Commons was established by the Constitution of the Second Republic of Korea, which established a bicameral legislature.
There are 12 multi-seat constituencies, corresponding to the country's administrative divisions.
The leader of the council is David Hodge.
It is a London borough council, one of 32 within London.
The system of the Thai legislative branch was modeled after the Westminster system.
It was also the first provincial upper house to be abolished.
The population of the civil parish at the 2011 census was 4,446.
Full council meetings are usually held in Buxton.
It has been installed in four different buildings, the current headquarters was opened in July 28 of 2006.
The House has met in Virginia's Capitol Building, designed by Thomas Jefferson, since 1788.
Members of both houses are elected without term limits.
It is currently made up of 40 seats.
From 1867 until 1968, the Legislative Council of Quebec was the unelected upper house of the bicameral legislature in the Canadian province of Quebec.
Legislature Parliament of Nepal is the unicameral legislature of Nepal.
Recent chairs have included Bill Thomas, Charlie Rangel, Sander Levin, and Dave Camp.
It is the 25th sitting of the Assembly in the territories history.
The Jones Act of 1916 ended the Commission, replacing it with an elected Philippine Senate as the Legislature's upper house.
The House of Councillors has 242 members who each serve six-year terms, two years longer than those of the House of Representatives.
Between 2002 and 2013 it used rarer mayor and cabinet model with a directly elected mayor of Hartlepool.
Members of both houses of the General Assembly are subject to term limits.
The Union Parliament was the bicameral legislature of the Union of Burma from 1947 to 1962, when it was disbanded by the Union Revolutionary Council.
It is a consultative assembly similar to the early European Parliament.
Honolulu City Council is the legislature of the City and County of Honolulu, the capital and largest city of the U.S. state of Hawaiʻi.
The parish council derives its powers and functions from the Local Government Act 1972 and subsequent legislation.
The vice mayor is the presiding officer of the city council.
On a vote of no confidence, the Folketing may force a single Minister or the entire government to resign.
He was elected Vice Chair in March 2015.
The unicameral parliament of the Serbian autonomous province of Vojvodina is known as the Assembly of the Autonomous province of Vojvodina.
Ten annual sessions were held, with most starting in December and ending in February.
The council appoints a chairman as its presiding officer who is then known as the Mayor of Aberystwyth.
It serves a population of approximately 192,000.
On May 30, Jennifer Simons was appointed as Chair of the assembly.
A 2006 mid-year estimate suggests the Borough to have a population of 138,400.
During the same period, the Montana House has been controlled by Democrats in eight sessions and Republicans in ten sessions with two ties.
It is a unicameral institution, consisting of a total of 36 lawmakers representing single-member constituencies throughout the state.
The Saint Paul City Council is the governing body of the City of Saint Paul as part of a strong mayor–council government.
The Congress meets in the Palace of Congress in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic.
A unicameral body with legislative and executive function, it comprised delegates appointed by the legislatures of the several states.
The latest elections were contested on March 15, 2009.
This was the first election held after responsible government was granted to the colony.
Watford is located in the south-west of Hertfordshire, in the East of England region.
As a county council, it is governed by the Local Government Act 2001.
City of Bradford Metropolitan District Council is the local authority of the City of Bradford in West Yorkshire, England.
The general assembly sat from 1870 to 1873.
To work with the Nordic Council and to be the West Nordic link in Nordic cooperation.
The assembly is composed of 250 proportionally elected deputies by secret ballot, on 4 years term.
There are 61 ridings in the province which elect MLAs to the Legislative Assembly.
The National Assembly is the lower house of the bicameral Parliament of France under the Fifth Republic.
Along with an upper house, it formed the bicameral Philippine Legislature during part of the American Colonial Period.
Bago Region Hluttaw is the legislature of the Burmese region of Bago Region.
In addition, the Constitution and the law grant other powers to Congress, including certain judicial powers and electing senior judges and other senior public officials.
The New Taipei City Council is the elected municipal council of New Taipei City, Republic of China.
The Senate consists of 38 members, who are elected from constituencies having approximately 212,400 to 263,500 residents.
The House of Commons is the lower house of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
This article deals mainly with the unitary authority which was first elected, on a shadow basis, in 1997.
Both the Senate and the House of Representatives were abolished as a result of the 2014 Thai coup d'état.
The administrative county was reduced when the county boroughs of Rotherham, Barnsley, Dewsbury, Wakefield and Doncaster were formed.
It is a London borough council, one of 32 in London, the United Kingdom capital.
The National Assembly is the lower chamber of Namibia's bicameral Parliament.
The Lower Silesian Regional Assembly is the regional legislature of the Voivodeship of Lower Silesia in Poland.
Their jurisdiction covers an area of 369.48 square kilometres.
Sir Charles Alexander Harris served as governor of Newfoundland until 1922.
The 1916 special session was called after the U.S. Supreme Court struck down Oklahoma's Jim Crow law.
It is a member of the East of England Local Government Association.
The Maine Senate is the upper house of the Maine Legislature, the state legislature of the U.S. state of Maine.
Members of the Senate are elected to four-year terms without term limits.
In 2017 the Council will move the majority of its staff to the Friargate development.
The Speaker of the House becomes the thirty-first member when there is a tie vote.
The Legislative Chamber of Federal District is the legislature of Federal District.
The Parliament of Bhutan consists of the King of Bhutan together with a bicameral parliament.
The Legislature of Manitoba is the legislature of the province of Manitoba, Canada.
The Forty-sixth Oklahoma Legislature was a meeting of the legislative branch of the government of Oklahoma, composed of the Senate and the House of Representatives.
The Idaho Legislature is the state legislature of the U.S. state of Idaho.
The Government believed that the Northern Territory needed to be self-supporting before greater powers could be given.
The National Assembly, like many other organs of the Nigerian government, is based in the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja.
The building is now the home of Wakefield Metropolitan District Council.
Galway City Council is the authority responsible for local government in the city of Galway in Ireland.
The head of the council has the title of cathaoirleach.
All 63 members of the Legislature are elected from an equal amount of constituent districts across the state.
Elections to the council take place in three out of every four years, with one-third of the seats being contested at each election.
Under the current laws, the strength of Lok Sabha is 545, including the two seats reserved for members of the Anglo-Indian community.
This assembly lasted from 1999 until its dissolution in 2003.
It is one of three local authorities that comprised the former Dublin County Council before its abolition and one of four councils in the Dublin Region.
The Kentucky Senate meets at the Kentucky State Capitol in Frankfort.
The Court of Aldermen is an elected body forming part of the City of London Corporation.
The State Legislature meets in the Louisiana State Capitol in Baton Rouge.
Alternatively, the voter may not choose a party, but vote for candidates from different parties.
However, some functions that in many other states are performed by county governments are still handled by county legislative delegations in South Carolina.
It has 77 state deputies elected by proportional representation.
It is a unitary authority, having the powers of a non-metropolitan county and district council combined.
It is composed of 38 Senators, each of whom is elected to a two-year term.
The number of districts was reduced to 16 in 1972 and in 1984, they were eliminated with the creation of single member districts.
It has 70 state deputies elected by proportional representation.
The members of the 28th General Assembly of Newfoundland were elected in the Newfoundland general election held in June 1932.
The council is responsible for creating laws and ordinances under the city's jurisdiction.
The North Dakota Senate is the upper house of the North Dakota Legislative Assembly, smaller than the North Dakota House of Representatives.
63 deputies from krais, oblasts and federal cities of Russia.
The Legislature is formally known as the "General Assembly," but the style of "Legislature" is commonly used, including by the body itself.
The other chamber, which continued in existence until German reunification in 1990, was the People's Chamber.
As a result, a UKIP-Labour-Liberal Democrat alliance, with conditional support from the Green Party and an independent, took control of the council.
In 1962, indigenous people first gained the franchise to vote in Territory elections, although none sat on Council throughout its existence.
Directly after a bill has been passed by the House of Representatives, it is sent to the Senate and is submitted to a parliamentary committee.
Parliament is composed of fifty-two members, directly elected by citizens from multi-member constituencies for a four-year term.
Martin Hamilton-Smith became an independent shortly after the election, reducing the Liberals to 21 seats.
Neal McCaleb served as the Minority leader of the Oklahoma House of Representatives.
The Ethiopian government has however continued to accord members of the Imperial family their princely titles as a matter of courtesy.
The President of the Assembly is István Pásztor.
It is a unitary authority, having the powers of a non-metropolitan county and district council combined.
Instead, it reviews draft legislation originating from the House of Keys.
It forms part of the two-tier system of local government for High Peak, alongside Derbyshire County Council.
Its term is five years, unless sooner dissolved.
There are 110 members, each of whom is elected from constituencies having approximately 77,000 to 91,000 residents, based on population figures from the 2010 U.S. Census.
The other is the Legislative Council or Upper House.
Its main competences are in the fields of education, culture, regional planning and domestic politics.
As of February 2016, the Hluttaw was led by speaker Khin Maung Aye of the National League for Democracy.
Unlike the upper house, the Iowa Senate, state House representatives serve two-year terms with the whole chamber up for re-election in even-numbered years.
Dacorum is located in the north-west of Hertfordshire, in the East of England region.
City Council, as the city's legislative branch, is responsible for enacting ordinances and resolutions administered by the corresponding executive branch, the Mayor of Tampa.
The Supreme Council of the Pridnestrovian Moldavian Republic is the parliament of Transnistria.
It was disbanded less than a year later as President Yuan Shikai assumed dictatorial power.
Even after opposition parties were legalized again in 1981, they did not manage to enter the Chamber of Deputies until 1994.
Seanad Éireann is the government upper house of the Oireachtas, which also comprises the President of Ireland and Dáil Éireann.
It was succeeded by Tipperary County Council.
The annual session of the General Assembly convenes at the State Capitol Building in Columbia on the second Tuesday of January of each year.
The Lubusz Regional Assembly is the regional legislature of the voivodeship of Lubusz, Poland.
Limerick County Council was also responsible of a large proportion of Limerick city's suburbs.
The League of Lezhë forged in Lezhë under Gjergj Kastrioti Skënderbeu as the leader against the Ottoman Empire.
Congress has 535 voting members: 435 Representatives and 100 Senators.
The National Legislative Assembly was established in 2011 by the interim constitution of South Sudan 2005.
The Latin American Parliament is a regional, permanent organization composed by the countries of Latin America and the Caribbean.
The Thirty-sixth Oklahoma Legislature was a meeting of the legislative branch of the government of Oklahoma, composed of the Senate and the House of Representatives.
Cavan County Council is the authority responsible for local government in County Cavan, Ireland.
The council is unusual in that its executive function is controlled by a directly elected mayor of Lewisham, currently Steve Bullock.
If it makes amendments, the bill is sent back to the deciding chamber, the decision of which is final.
The Congress meets in the Capitol in Washington, D.C.
The National Assembly meets in Kuwait City.
The 14th Northwest Territories Legislative Assembly was the 22nd assembly of the territorial government.
The assembly was unicameral with 41 representatives elected from each constituencies of the state.
The Senate is one of the chambers of the National Assembly of Belize.
The House of Assembly has a Speaker, elected by its members from outside Parliament, per article 71 of the Constitution.
The Senate is composed of 50 members representing an equal number of constituent districts.
The Speaker of the 3rd Legislative Assembly was Rt.
There are fifteen members of the council and elections are held during the Icelandic Municipal elections every four years.
The structure and responsibilities of both chambers of Congress are defined in Articles 50 to 70 of the current constitution.
The California State Senate is the upper house of the California State Legislature.
In any case, an Act of Parliament now limits each term to four years.
The general assembly sat from July 3, 1837 to 1841.
It consists of two chambers: the National Council and the Federal Council.
As the Crimean crisis unfolded, the Parliament building was seized by unidentified pro-Russian gunmen.
It is a constituent council of the Greater Manchester Combined Authority.
The general assembly sat from 1861 to 1865.
Kreševo is a mountainous town, located in a narrow valley of the Kreševica river on the slope of Mount Bitovnje.
31 of the deputies are elected on a nationwide list, whilst the remaining 127 deputies are elected in 22 multi-member constituencies.
The council has twelve members which is composed of ten councilors, one ex officio member elected from the ranks of barangay chairmen and one presiding officer.
The fourth session of the 12th NPC was held from March 5 to March 16, 2016.
As a city council, it is governed by the Local Government Act 2001.
The Muslim Brotherhood had announced that the Constituent Assembly would vote on the constitution on 29 November 2012.
The House of Delegates Chamber is in the Maryland State House on State Circle in Annapolis, the state capital.
It is located at 7 Wale Street in Cape Town.
The Warmian-Masurian Regional Assembly is the regional legislature of the voivodeship of Warmian-Masurian, Poland.
Each division elects one member using full-preference Instant-runoff voting.
A Senate district is formed by combining two adjacent House districts.
The 17th Northwest Territories Legislative Assembly was established by the results of the 2011 Northwest Territories general election on October 3, 2011.
It was dissolved due to the division of Alberta and Saskatchewan from the territories.
The Council last elections were held in May 2015 which saw the Conservative Party win 13 of the 15 seats.
The NAT was established in 1932 after the adoption of Thailand's first constitution, which transformed Thailand from an absolute monarchy to a constitutional monarchy.
Until the charter of 1925, the council comprised 32 members—six elected at-large and 26 elected from single-member wards.
The Assembly was created by the Government of Wales Act 1998, which followed a referendum in 1997.
The National Assembly has 65 members elected using the system of proportional representation.
The current Chair of Tewkesbury Borough Council is Erica Williams and the current Vice Chair is Ian Blair.
It is one of 18 district council.
The current President of the Landtag is Albert Frick, who has held the post since 2013.
Today, Haa Alif Atoll contains 43 islands, 14 of which are inhabited and classified as 'island-class' constituencies.
AUDA completed many works in the metro region of Ahmedabad.
Election for 13th National Assembly was held on 18 February 2008.
The current chairperson of the assembly is Krzysztof Seweryn Szymański.
The Karnataka Legislative Assembly is the lower house of the bicameral legislature of Karnataka state in southern India.
The San Francisco Board of Supervisors is the legislative body within the government of the City and County of San Francisco, California, United States.
The board is governed by six board members elected at-large.
It consists of all administrators, regional councillors, mayors and elected MPs in various local and national administrations.
The agency is under the purview of Sarawak Ministry of Local Government and Community Development.
The House of Representatives has met in Representatives Hall of the New Hampshire State House since 1819.
The current assembly was elected on June 12, 2014 as part of the 41st Parliament of Ontario.
The Balochistan assembly is the unicameral legislature of the province of Balochistan.
The Parliament meets at Sansad Bhavan in New Delhi.
It has 9 councillors elected using an open list proportional representation system.
The first session of parliament began in Kingston in Canada West in 1841.
The General Assembly's 437th session convened on January 11, 2017.
The members of city council are directly elected by Kievans and the council is chaired by the Mayor of Kiev or the City Council Secretary.
The chief executive and chief officers are responsible for the day-to-day running of the council.
These are Norwich City, Breckland District, Broadland District, Great Yarmouth Borough, North Norfolk District, King's Lynn and West Norfolk Borough and South Norfolk.
The report gives parameters for compensation to be paid by the city to the county for the consequent reduction in its revenue.
Kensington and Chelsea is divided into 18 wards, each electing three councillors.
Some members were reappointed to the Legislative Council of the united Province.
The council was established under the Municipalities Ordinance of 1865 as the third municipal council of Sri Lanka.
As of May 2015 the council is controlled by the Conservatives.
The parliament also keeps the three governments informed about the opinions that move in the parliamentary assemblies from which its members originate.
Seats in the House of Commons are distributed roughly in proportion to the population of each province and territory.
The Landtag convenes in the Deutschhaus building, where also the first democratically elected parliament German history had convened, the Rhenish-German national convention of the Mainz Republic.
Term limits, limiting senators to three 4-year terms, took effect in 2010.
The Montana Senate is the upper house of the Montana State Legislature, the state legislative branch of the US state of Montana.
Middlesbrough Borough Council is the local council of Middlesbrough.
Each state, regardless of population or size, has two senators.
The members of the 44th General Assembly of Newfoundland and Labrador were elected in the Newfoundland general election held in February 1999.
This led to a dysfunctional National assembly.
In 1974, both authorities were merged along with parts of others into the new Cumbria County Council.
The first elections to the authority were on 22 May 2014 with 73 candidates standing for 40 seats.
The Territory was split into five electorates: Darwin, Alice Springs, Tennant Creek, Batchelor and Stuart.
It is situated in the capital Gandhinagar.
It is principally responsible for making laws.
Indeed, there have never been more than eight opposition legislators in the body.
The Kurdistan Communities Union or KCK is a Kurdish political organization committed to implementing Abdullah Öcalan's ideology of Democratic Confederalism.
The general assembly sat from 1890 to 1893.
After the 1988 election of James Carson Gardner, the first Republican Lt.
The Senate has been meeting since 1917, after the enactment of the Jones–Shafroth Act established the body formally.
The Kingdom of Majorca did not convene Courts and thus sent their representatives to the Courts of the Principality.
15 of the Constitution stipulates its name as the "Parliament".
It is currently controlled by the Labour party.
Three Senators represent the Twa ethnic group and additional members may be co-opted to meet the 30% gender representation quota for women.
The Assembly convenes at the Perlis State Assembly Complex in the state capital, Kangar.
Chile's congressional elections are governed by a unique binomial system that rewards coalition slates.
It has 25 members, elected for a four-year term by proportional representation in two multi-seat constituencies.
Rivers State House of Assembly is the legislative branch of the Government of Rivers State inaugurated in 1979.
The National Assembly, formerly known as the Chamber of Deputies, is the unicameral legislative branch of the government of Djibouti.
Sir Henry Arthur Blake succeeded Des Vœux as governor.
The final three Senators are appointed at the discretion of the Governor.
The General Council of Aran is the autonomous governing body of the region of Val d'Aran in Catalonia.
The 45th Newfoundland and Labrador House of Assembly began on November 6, 2003.
The Senate was established by the Constitution of the Second Republic of Korea, which established a bicameral legislature.
Rather than abolition, its powers were passed to the unitary authorities of West Berkshire, Windsor and Maidenhead, Wokingham, Bracknell Forest, Reading and Slough.
These parts were thereby abolished civil parishes of Staines, Ashford, Stanwell and Sunbury-on-Thames.
Causeway Coast and Glens Borough Council is a local authority in Northern Ireland that was established on 1 April 2015.
The Metropolitan Borough of Walsall is based on an amalgamation of two former local government districts, Walsall County Borough and Aldridge-Brownhills Urban District.
The seven cabinet members each have responsibility for particular functions of the council and are assisted by Cabinet Support Members.
A review of Legislative Council division boundaries is required every 9 years.
As such, it is administratively separate from the rest of Gloucestershire.
The National Assembly, is the general representative body of Slovenia.
The Rally for Mali party and its allies were victorious, capturing 115 of the 147 seats.
The MPAJ main headquarters is located at Pandan Indah.
The West Virginia Legislature is the state legislature of the U.S. state of West Virginia.
Created by the Arizona Constitution upon statehood in 1912, the Arizona State Legislature met biennially until 1950.
The Provincial Council of North Holland vɑn noːrt ˈɦɔlɑnt]) are the States-Provincial for the Dutch province of North Holland.
The parliament has a speaker and deputy speaker elected by the members of the parliament during its first meeting following a general election.
The Senate was established in 1964 to replace a prior body known as the Legislative Council.
The number of members was increased to the 31 in the 2013 local elections.
The members of the 40th General Assembly of Newfoundland were elected in the Newfoundland general election held in April 1985.
The election is held on the principle of "one adult one vote".
The seniority of cabinet members generally relegate ordinary MPs to the back benches.
The Senate is the upper house of Spain's parliament, the Cortes Generales.
The legislature has existed since 1867 when Quebec, then called Canada East, became one of the founding colonies of Canadian Confederation.
The modern commission was established at the 3rd Plenary Session of the 11th Central Committee in December 1978.
This is a list of current and former notable members of the Montana House of Representatives.
The City Council, including the Mayor, are responsible for the general management of the city of Freetown.
Political parties and lists of independent candidates must receive over 2% of the vote nationally to gain representation in the National Assembly.
There are 224 members of the Vidhana Sabha or the Legislative Assembly of Karnataka state.
It forms the legislative body of the province.
After the Andalusian parliamentary election, 2015, the leader of the PSOE-A, Susana Díaz, formed a minority government, after being in coalition with the United Left Party.
Until 1986, the Tamil Nadu Legislature was a bicameral legislature consisting of the
The Legislative Building was expanded in 1997 to its current appearance to accommodate the growing Legislature.
The council meets at County Hall in the centre of Chelmsford.
13 constituencies are reserved for scheduled castes and 27 constituencies for scheduled tribes.
Tipperary County Council is the authority responsible for local government in County Tipperary, Ireland.
The Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine, often simply Verkhovna Rada or just Rada, is the unicameral parliament of Ukraine.
Walsall Metropolitan Borough Council was assessed by the Audit Commission in 2008 and judged to be "improving well" in providing services for local people.
Khammam Municipal Corporation is a civic body of Khammam in the Indian state of Telangana.
Its members are called "Members of the Legislative Assembly," commonly referred to as "MLAs".
Each member is limited to serving three terms of two years.
Senators are elected to two-year terms without term limits.
The Pune Mahanagar Palika or the " Pune Municipal Corporation" was established on 15 February 1950.
John R. Goodison served as speaker until 1918 when William J. Higgins succeeded Goodison as speaker.
Spanning the scenic eastern Coast of Singapore, the South East District is home to more than 551,000 residents.
Whiteway's government supported the construction of a railway to promote economic growth in the colony.
Members of the House serve two-year terms without term limits.
It is not the same as the All-Russian Congress of Soviets which governed the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic
14 of the wards elect two councillors each.
Kinniya Urban Council is the local authority for the town of Kinniya in eastern Sri Lanka.
The Kansas Legislature is the state legislature of the U.S. state of Kansas.
The body meets in the Legislative Palace, designed by Hannover architects Gustav Heine and Georg Hagemann in 1883 and completed in 1888.
Tonbridge and Malling Borough Council is the second level local authority for the Borough of Tonbridge and Malling in Kent, United Kingdom.
It was approved by voters in 1956 by a 3-1 margin.
There were only two State Councils: the First, elected in 1931, and the Second, elected in 1936.
The Legislature meets at the South Dakota State Capitol in Pierre.
Initially, the Constitutional meeting included representatives of five groups:
The Left Front and NSPT had contested within the framework of an electoral understanding.
The Conservative Party led by Frederick Carter formed the government.
Senators are popularly elected under the single transferable vote system of proportional representation.
In 1920, Bessie McColgin, a Republican, became the first woman elected to the Oklahoma House of Representatives.
As a county council, it is governed by the Local Government Act 2001.
First convened in 1973, the Senate's composition and powers are established by the Article 59 of the Constitution of Pakistan.
East Ayrshire is one of thirty-two council areas of Scotland.
The Constitutional Court of Hungary has the right to challenge legislation on the grounds of constitutionality.
Sefton Council is the governing body for the Metropolitan Borough of Sefton in Merseyside, north-western England.
Prior to that time, the President of the Senate took a leading role in the Senate, including appointing committees and members to those committees.
It assists the government in drawing up the general policies of the state.
Political parties were not established in the State at the time.
Harrow London Borough Council  is the local authority for the London Borough of Harrow in Greater London, England.
Since 1968 it has consisted of 40 Senators, who are elected in a "2-4-4" cycle, representing districts with average populations of 210,359.
The Parliament of Jordan is the bicameral Jordanian national assembly.
It is one of the three corporations in the state, alongside Kakinada and Visakhapatnam to feature in Smart City project.
The assembly comprises the Senate and the House of Representatives.
Armagh City, Banbridge and Craigavon Borough Council is a local authority that was established on 1 April 2015.
While each chamber has specific duties, both chambers have the ability to veto the decrees of local administrations that deviate from the Constitution of Belarus.
The general assembly sat from 1905 to 1908.
It was established by the 1922 Constitution of Ireland which was based from the Anglo-Irish Treaty.
The Illinois General Assembly is the bicameral legislature of the U.S. state of Illinois and comprises the Illinois House of Representatives and the Illinois Senate.
The current Secretariat, the 10th, was elected by the Central Committee in the aftermath of the 11th National Congress and consists of 10 members.
Members of the council are chosen by the Supreme Leader every five years.
Functional executive bodies, such as Transport for Greater Manchester, are responsible for delivery of services in these areas.
It is responsible for services including: schools, social services, rubbish collection, roads, planning and more.
The Chhattisgarh Vidhan Sabha or the Chhattisgarh Legislative Assembly is the unicameral state legislature of Chhattisgarh state in central India.
Six, denoted below, elect three councillors each.
Prior to 1788 the House of Delegates met in the Colonial Capital of Williamsburg.
The next election was intended to take place sometime in 2014 but has been delayed because of disagreements between Hamas and Fatah.
The Kedah State Legislative Assembly is the state legislature of the Malaysian state of Kedah.
The Okinawa Prefectural Assembly is the prefectural parliament of Okinawa.
State Senators and Representatives both serve two-year terms.
The Madhya Pradesh Vidhan Sabha or the Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly is the unicameral state legislature of Madhya Pradesh state in central India.
Cumbria County Council is the county council of Cumbria, a county in the North West of England.
The council is responsible for housing and community, roads and transportation, urban planning and development, amenity and culture, and environment.
The term Congress actually refers to a particular meeting of the national legislature, reckoned according to the terms of representatives.
Leitrim County Council is the authority responsible for local government in County Leitrim, Ireland.
Four retire every two years, so four MLCs are elected at a time.
It together with the Council of States of South Sudan is the new National Legislature of South Sudan.
The oldest Sabor with extant records was held in Zagreb on 19 April 1273.
The House of Representatives is the unicameral parliament of Egypt.
If the session is held at the instigation of Assembly members, it must not exceed 15 days.
Panama also returns a delegation of 20 deputies to the supranational Central American Parliament.
The wider geographical region of East Ayrshire has a population of 122,100 at the last 2011 census, making it the 16th largest local authority in Scotland.
Members of both houses are elected by direct election, usually every four years.
The Council does not usually originate legislation.
As of the 2011 census, it had a population of 3,740,026.
Most members of the Council were imprisoned and executed, including its president, Prince Asrate Medhin Kassa.
The senate is led by the President of the Senate, elected from the membership of the body, currently Ron Kouchi.
The Rhineland-Palatinate Landtag is the state diet of the German federal state of Rhineland-Palatinate.
The Speaker decided who may speak and had the powers to discipline members who break the procedures of the house.
It has 9 members elected using the open list proportional representation system.
It is a unicameral parliamentary body consisting of thirty-three councillors elected every four-years.
The Legislative Assembly of Rio Grande do Norte is the unicameral legislature of the State of Rio Grande do Norte in Brazil.
The National Assembly is the lower house of the bicameral Parliament of Mauritania.
The State Assembly convenes at the Wisma Darul Iman in the state capital, Kuala Terengganu.
The current House of Representatives, formed following elections held on 12 June 2014, has a total of 19 members.
It convenes in Stuttgart and currently consists of 143 members of five political parties.
A Senate district is formed by combining three Assembly districts.
It is located in the Palace of the Parliament.
The National Assembly of People’s Power is the legislative parliament of the Republic of Cuba and the supreme body of State power.
The Supreme Soviet was abolished in October 1993 and replaced by the Federal Assembly of Russia, whose powers are weaker than Supreme Council ones.
The Western Australian Legislative Council is the upper house of the Parliament of Western Australia, a state of Australia.
The last election took place in November 2015.
The county seat is at Áras an Chontae in Galway city.
The latest election to the parliament took place on April 19, 2015.
The title was first recorded in 1377 to describe the role of Thomas de Hungerford in the Parliament of England.
Delegates must be members of the Navajo Nation and be at least twenty-five years of age.
The council is currently composed of 44 Conservative Party members and 15 Labour Party members, plus one Independent.
It has the power to legislate on a wide variety of economic, social, and cultural issues not reserved to the central government.
It has 12 members elected using the open list proportional representation system.
The Rajya Sabha held its first sitting on 13 May 1952.
Unlike most mainland prefectural assemblies the Okinawa Prefectural Assembly was not in existence continuously since 1878.
Derry City and Strabane District Council is a local authority in Northern Ireland that was established on 1 April 2015.
The forty seats of the Consultative Council combined with the forty elected seats of the Council of Representatives form the National Assembly of Bahrain.
It reverted to Labour control for the last term 1981–86.
Because it is a part-time position, members of the Maine Senate usually have outside employment as well.
The Chamber has 99 members, elected for a five-year term by proportional representation with at least two members per department.
The Pakistani National Assembly; is the lower house of the bicameral Majlis-e-Shura, which also comprises the President of Pakistan and Senate.
The other chamber of the National Congress is the Chamber of Senators.
Torbay Council is the local authority of Torbay in Devon, England.
The Parliament session held in 1527 in Cetin affirmed the House of Habsburg as Croatian rulers.
Till 1967, it had a strength of 431 members including one nominated Anglo-Indian member.
The Council is composed of 106 members elected via party lists in the 2014 legislative election.
The head of the council has the title of Cathaoirleach.
The assembly is bicameral, consisting of a lower house and an upper house.
It merged with Newtownabbey Borough Council on 1 April 2015 under local government reorganisation in Northern Ireland to become Antrim and Newtownabbey Borough Council.
The Chamber of Deputies is the lower house in Romania's bicameral parliament.
MPs' votes are only formally counted if an MP claims a division.
It replaced the Carmarthen Gaol built by John Nash on part of Carmarthen Castle's site.
The French Parliament is the bicameral legislature of the French Republic, consisting of the Senate and the National Assembly.
If no candidate received a majority of the votes, a runoff election took place.
The remaining 29 MPs are elected from National Lists allocated to the parties in proportion to their share of the national vote.
Members of the House of Representatives are chosen by secret ballot, while members of the House of Peoples are being chosen by each Cantonal legislature.
As per 2011 census population of Pimpri Chinchwad is 17,29,000 souls growing at a rate of 6% annually, with a national average of 2.1%.
The death of Stalin revitalised the Central Committee, and it became an important institution during the power struggle to succeed Stalin.
The House of Peoples has 15 members, appointed by the parliaments of the entities.
Many, but not all, of the council’s staff are based at the Civic Centre in Oldham town centre.
The Maine Legislature is the state legislature of the U.S. state of Maine.
The current legislature, the fifth, was elected on 7 May 2014 and has an African National Congress majority of 40 members.
It is a London borough council, one of 32 in the United Kingdom capital of London.
The council was created by the London Government Act 1963 and replaced two local authorities: Hornchurch Urban District Council and Romford Borough Council.
The current president of the parliament is Ralf Wieland.
Ward 59 - Johari Bazar, Dhada Market, Haldiyon ka Rasta, Ramganj Bazar, Badi Chaupad
It has 57 councillors and is currently controlled by the Conservative Party.
The Parliament of Saint Lucia has two chambers.
Krautmaart is sometimes used as a metonym for the Chamber, after the square on which the Hôtel de la Chambre is located.
On 15 March 2014 the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine officially dissolved the parliament.
The Council of States has 50 members who are indirectly elected by state legislatures.
The LCRCA is a strategic authority with powers over transport, economic development and regeneration.
It is composed of 15 members including 12 elected members, 2 ex officio members and 1 presiding officer.
With the possible reconciliation of Hamas and Fatah, it would be re-assembled to become the Parliament of the State of Palestine.
57 members are directly elected in single member constituencies using the simple-majority system for a term of five years.
The President and the Vice President of the Council are chosen by the council after each election.
Lieutenant Governor George Nigh served as President of the Senate, giving him a tie-breaking vote and the authority to serve as a presiding officer.
It was the first form of representative government in the island.
TUC is responsible for providing a variety of local public services including roads, sanitation, drains, housing, libraries, public parks and recreational facilities.
The Progressive Conservative government led by Danny Williams was elected with a victory over the Liberal Party.
The assembly elects the executive board that acts as the collective executive for the provincial government, headed by the voivodeship marshal.
The Kilometre Zero for all Argentine National Highways is marked on a milestone at the Congressional Plaza, next to the building.
The first-ranked member is Nguyễn Phú Trọng, the General Secretary of the Central Committee.
The Uttar Pradesh Legislative Assembly is the lower house of the bicameral legislature of the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
The tenure of the Assembly is five years unless sooner dissolved.
Duncan McFetridge resigned from the Liberals and moved to the crossbench as an independent in May 2017 after losing party endorsement for Morphett pre-selection.
The Landtag of the Principality of Liechtenstein, commonly referred to as the Landtag of Liechtenstein, is the legislative branch of the government of Liechtenstein.
It comprises 20 councillors elected every four years.
The November 2011 elections were held for representatives of districts defined in the 2011 apportionment.
The county administration is headed by a Chief Executive, Anna-Marie Delaney.
Their jurisdiction covers an area of 997 square kilometres.
The House of Representatives meets at the Iowa State Capitol in Des Moines.
Since 2002, there are 14 constituencies matching the Czech regions and the D'Hondt method has been applied.
The House passes all laws, provides ministers to form a Cabinet, and supervises the work of the Government.
The head of the council has the title of Cathaoirleach.
The council met at County Hall in Wakefield.
This civic administrative body administers an area of 135 km sq.
The presiding officer of the council is the Vice Mayor, who is elected citywide.
The main urban settlements are St Albans and Harpenden.
The Government of Canada allowed the Council to be formed for the purpose of containing the smallpox epidemic.
The office of AUDA is at Usmanpura, Ashram Road, Ahmedabad.
In this kind of mixed voting, the voter cannot choose more than the number of MPs the district is allotted.
The current Constitution of Sri Lanka, adopted on 7 September 1978, replaced the National State Assembly with the Parliament of Sri Lanka.
The municipal corporation consisting of democratically elected members, is headed by a mayor and administers the city's infrastructure, public services and transport.
This will change at the 2018 election.
Members from the state's leading various political parties hold elected offices in the corporation.
It acts as an institution of cultural autonomy for the indigenous Sami people.
Its officially mandated purpose is to conduct policy discussions and make decisions on major issues when the Politburo, a larger decision-making body, is not in session.
The Verkhovna Rada is composed of 450 deputies, who are presided over by a chairman.
In its last election, 158 candidates competed for 52 seats in 11 constituencies.
The Reichstag was the Parliament of Germany from 1871 to 1918.
The 2013 elections were the first held after the 2012 Malian coup d'état which led to the overthrow of President Amadou Toumani Touré.
The legislative districts listed below went into effect with the swearing in of the 210th Legislature in 2002.
The Italian Parliament is the national parliament of the Italian Republic.
The Great National Assembly was the legislature of the Socialist Republic of Romania.
Membership consists of directly elected representatives, senators representing French citizens abroad and officials appointed by the Ministry of Foreign and European Affairs.
Associate members – Bolivia, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador and Peru – may also hold seats on the Parliament, but with no voting powers.
The Alabama State Senate is the upper house of the Alabama Legislature, the state legislature of the U.S. state of Alabama.
Sittings of the House of Assembly are divided into "terms" with each term following from a general election.
Following the state elections in March 2012, the CDU formed a grand coalition with the SPD.
Kayah State Hluttaw is the legislature of the Burmese state of Kayah State.
Clockwise, from the north, it borders the communities of Tirymynach, Faenor, Llanbadarn Fawr and Llanfarian.
The normal term of the members lasts for five years.
The Western Cape is unique amongst the provinces of South Africa in calling its legislature the "Provincial Parliament" and the members Members of Provincial Parliament.
The assembly elects the executive board that acts as the collective executive for the provincial government, headed by the voivodeship marshal.
Sir Walter Edward Davidson served as governor of Newfoundland until 1917.
Each voting member of the House represents around 8,800 citizens of the state.
Since 2008, Assembly proceedings have been broadcast live on the internet.
If appointed, five are chosen by the president with the advice of the prime minister and four with the advice of the opposition leader.
The Senate is largely modeled on the United States Senate.
Ahmednagar municipal corporation is located in Ahmednagar which was formed in the year 2003.
The chair of the authority is Sir Steve Houghton, the leader of Barnsley Metropolitan Borough Council.
The council offices are in St Albans.
The Pensacola City Council is the governing body of The City of Pensacola.
Southern District Council is the district council for the Southern District in Hong Kong.
Women must occupy at least 30% of the seats in the National Assembly.
Early in December plans were thrown into doubt as the Government announced that it had 'delayed' the unitary bids for Ipswich and Exeter.
He or she and other floor leaders are chosen by the Democratic Caucus or the Republican Conference, depending on whichever party has more voting members.
The Malegaon Municipal Corporation is the governing body of the city of Malegaon in the Indian state of Maharashtra.
Following the 2014 election, the lower house consisted of 23 Labor, 22 Liberal and 2 independents, Geoff Brock and Bob Such.
Many of the same 56 delegates who attended the first meeting were in attendance at the second, and the delegates appointed the same president and secretary.
The administrative centres are Waterford and Dungarvan.
The Federal Assembly is the national legislature of the Russian Federation, according to the Constitution of Russian Federation.
Sir Charles Cavendish Boyle served as colonial governor of Newfoundland.
Members of parliament enjoyed legal immunity and indemnity.
The deputy leader of the council is Cllr Graham Chapman.
The House of Representatives of South Africa was an 80-seat body in the Tricameral Parliament of South Africa which existed from 1984-1994.
The Cabinet of Dominica is appointed from members of the House of Assembly.
The Council consisted of 20 members when it was formed on 7 December 1926 under the Chairmanship of the Governor of Tanganyika, Sir Donald Cameron.
The headquarters of the council is County Hall beside the A50 at Glenfield, just outside the city of Leicester in Blaby district.
It has 12 councillors elected using an open list proportional representation system.
Galway County Council is the authority responsible for local government in County Galway, Ireland.
Sutton London Borough Council is the local authority for the London Borough of Sutton in Greater London, England.
It consists of 84 councillors, elected to represent 28 wards, each with three councillors.
Members are limited to serving no more than eight years in either chamber but the term limit is consecutive not lifetime.
The South American Parliament is a proposed body of the Union of South American Nations.
Before the Legislative Assembly was created in 1978, the territory's legislative assembly was the Yukon Territorial Council.
The Assembly of the Republic is the parliament of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus.
Overall the council was awarded "three star" status meaning it was "performing well" and "consistently above minimum requirements", similar to 46% of all local authorities.
The council composes of 60 councilors lastly elected through the 2014 Republic of China local election on 29 November 2014.
The Second Legislative Assembly of Delhi was constituted in 1998 after Delhi Legislative Assembly election on 25 November 1998.
Former names are Legislative Assembly, National Development Council and the Transitional National Assembly.
A. McCrory served as Speaker of the Oklahoma House of Representatives.
It came into its powers on 1 April 1974 and was abolished on 31 March 1996 at the same time as the county.
The House of Assembly, or Lower House, is one of the two chambers of the Parliament of Tasmania in Australia.
There are no term limits in the House.
It has seven members who represent seven wards.
The legislature meets in the Austrian Parliament Building in Vienna.
The municipal corporation consists of democratically elected members, is headed by a mayor and administers the city's infrastructure, public services and police.
It consists of 46 senators elected from single member districts for four-year terms at the same time as United States Presidential elections.
There are 67 members, half as many as the Minnesota House of Representatives.
The Second Legislative Assembly had 430 elected and 1 nominated MLAs.
The Council has 35 committees with oversight of various functions of the city government.
The National Assembly is the lower house of the National Legislature of Sudan.
It has also the unique distinction of providing civic services to rural and urban villages, resettlement colonies, regularised unauthorised colonies, Slum/Squatter Settlements, private 'katras' etc.
The council has 59 Councillors; 53 Conservatives, 3 Independents, 2 Labour and 1 Liberal Democrat.
The current chairperson of the assembly is Norbert Jan Krajczy.
Williams resigned in 2010 and his Deputy Premier Kathy Dunderdale was sworn in as the Premier.
Michael P. Cashin was asked by Governor Harris to form a government which remained in power until the general election scheduled later in 1919.
Its recommendations may also concern other matters if common interests or current events so dictate.
The Florida Statutes are the codified statutory laws of the state.
The council was renamed on 1 January 1980.
Established in 1849, until 1953 the Folketing was the lower house of a bicameral parliament, called the Rigsdag; the upper house was the Landsting.
The Council administrates internally through the medium of Welsh.
The Nebraska Legislature is the supreme legislative body of the state of Nebraska.
The House convenes at the State Capitol in Juneau.
The total population residing in the Waitemata Local Board area, in the 2013 New Zealand Census, was 77,136.
The only bill sponsored by a Socialist that became Oklahoma law involved hunting.
The council is completely controlled by members of the DFL with all 7 members being affiliated with the party.
The Grand National Assembly of Turkey, usually referred to simply as the TBMM or Parliament, is the unicameral Turkish legislature.
The Assembly met at the Nevada State Capitol in Carson City until 1971, when a separate Legislative Building was constructed south of the Capitol.
The Florida Legislature is the two houses that act as the state legislature of the U.S. state of Florida.
The Lok Sabha has its own television channel, Lok Sabha TV, headquartered within the premises of Parliament.
Dáil Éireann is the lower house, and principal chamber, of the Oireachtas, which also includes the President of Ireland and Seanad Éireann.
The Federal Assembly, is Switzerland's federal legislature.
The two houses together form a perfect bicameral system, meaning they perform identical functions, but do so separately.
The general assembly sat from 1898 to 1900.
The Speaker then puts the motion in the form of a question, following which other MPs may debate the motion.
The House of Representatives and the Council of the Republic may be convened to an extraordinary session.
The Austrian Parliament is the bicameral legislature in Austria.
The area covered by the Borough of Reading is one definition of the town of Reading.
The House of Representatives sits in the Red House in Port of Spain.
The council is based in County Hall in Carmarthen.
Alberta has never had a minority government, so an election as a result of a vote of no confidence has never occurred.
It met in Oklahoma City from January 7, 2003 to January 4, 2005, during the first two years of the first term of Governor Brad Henry.
He was succeeded by Shukurjon Zuhurov on March 16, 2010.
The Sénat was a key element in Napoleon's regime.
The equivalent body for the New Territories was the Regional Council.
The Parliament of the Republic of Moldova is the unicameral assembly of the Republic of Moldova.
There are 9 members elected by the 33 hereditary nobles of Tonga.
The House has been meeting since 1900, after the enactment of the Foraker Act established the body formally.
The National Assembly in Porto-Novo as it exists today was formed in 1990.
The Parliament is bicameral in composition and is formally made up of: Elizabeth II, Queen of Barbados, an appointed Senate, and an elected House of Assembly.
The legislature was reduced from 130 seats to 100, making all existing parties to lose ground.
The legislature convenes in the State Capitol building in Harrisburg.
Its members serve four-year terms and each represent an equal amount of districts with populations of approximately 35,512 people, per 2010 Census figures.
There have been also instances where the Guardian Council reversed its ban against particular people after being ordered to do so by Khamenei.
The powers of the legislature are only limited by the powers reserved to the people, namely initiative and referendum.
The Parliament of Burundi consists of two chambers:
When the Parliament of Ireland was abolished in 1801, its former members were merged into what was now called the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
It was replaced 14 years later by the 1993 Constitution.
The City of Yarra is a local government area in Victoria, Australia in the inner eastern and northern suburbs of Melbourne.
Its council comprises 16 wards and 42 councillors and is controlled by a Conservative administration.
It convenes in Magdeburg and currently consists of 97 members of four Parties.
The latest election was held on 22 November 2015.
Poonakary Divisional Council is the local authority for Poonakary DS Division in northern Sri Lanka.
The Special Council of Lower Canada was an appointed body which administered Lower Canada until the Union Act of 1840 created the Province of Canada.
Gene C. Howard served as President pro tempore of the Oklahoma Senate and William Willis served as Speaker of the Oklahoma House of Representatives.
Since 2015, SWAPO member Peter Katjavivi has been the Speaker of the National Assembly.
During Vladimir Lenin's leadership of the Communist Party, the Central Committee functioned as the highest party authority between congresses.
Elections were due to be held in 1985 but were cancelled due to the council's impending abolition.
In the event, the change remained entirely theoretical since the Council was abolished before it could be applied to anyone.
The KCK also serves as an umbrella group for all the Apoist political parties of Greater Kurdistan, including the PKK, PYD, PJAK, and PÇDK.
The assembly was unicameral with 41 representatives elected from each constituencies of the state on the platform of the Unity Party of Nigeria.
The Chamber was established with the promulgation of the Constitution of the State of Buenos Aires, a short-lived secessionist state, in 1854.
The Coat of arms of West Yorkshire Metropolitan County Council was granted by letters patent in 1975.
The Chamber of Deputies is the lower house of Haiti's bicameral legislature, the National Assembly.
All nine of the attending delegations were from the Thirteen Colonies that eventually formed the United States of America.
It is made up of 80 members, elected for a five-year term by proportional representation.
It has 55 state deputies elected by proportional representation.
The Fairfax County Board of Supervisors, sometimes abbreviated as FCBOS, is the governing body of Fairfax County; a county of over a million in Northern Virginia.
Politically the county is divided into five districts and boroughs: North Warwickshire, Nuneaton and Bedworth, Rugby, Stratford and Warwick.
In order to account for decennial redistricting, members run for one two-year term and two four-year terms each decade.
In 1963 the rule was changed to force members to retire at age 75, but this did not apply to already-appointed members.
The remaining four are called Senators; three are appointed by the governor-general and the fourth is the attorney-general.
The Council of Keewatin was an unelected legislative body and territorial government for the now-defunct District of Keewatin in Canada.
The council consists of the mayor plus twenty-eight councillors appointed to serve a one-year term by the Sarawak State Government.
Under their control, the Parliament removed the incumbent Ukrainian-consented Prime Minister of Crimea and unilaterally appointed Sergey Aksyonov in his stead.
Once the government was dissolved in 1849, all the laws remained in effect, except for the one that authorized the minting of coins.
The Ohio Senate is the upper house of the Ohio General Assembly, the state legislature of the U.S. state of Ohio.
The Council's headquarters is County Hall in Worcester which was also the headquarters for the preceding Hereford and Worcester County Council.
The Legislative Assembly has 25 members each elected for single-member electorates.
The General Assembly meets at the Rhode Island State House on the border of Downtown and Smith Hill in Providence.
The President is both head of State and of Government in Botswana's parliamentary republican system.
It was elected by popular vote on 7 July 2012, and took power from the National Transitional Council on 8 August.
The city council meets at the Dasmariñas City Hall.
The Oklahoma Territorial Legislature met for the last time in 1905.
It is a constituent council of Liverpool City Region Combined Authority.
The municipality encompasses town of Glamoč as a seat of the municipality and more than 50 villages situated along the Field.
The KUC is responsible for providing a variety of local public services including roads, sanitation, drains, housing, libraries, public parks and recreational facilities.
The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the provisions of the First Illinois Constitution.
Much of the council's work is done in the standing committees made up sub-groups of councillors.
The Lublin Regional Assembly is the regional legislature of the Voivodeship of Lublin in Poland.
The Senate of the Republic of Colombia is the upper house of the Congress of Colombia, with the lower house being the House of Representatives.
It is an extended suburb of Mumbai.
VSWDC is responsible for providing a variety of local public services including roads, sanitation, drains, housing, libraries, public parks and recreational facilities.
The Gaborone City Council is the governing body of the city of Gaborone, Botswana, and it is the wealthiest council in Botswana.
The last election for the House of Assembly took place on 15 March 2014.
The Parliament of Fiji is the unicameral legislature of the Republic of the Fiji.
The court was set up following the dissolution of the monasteries, filling a power vacuum created by Westminster Abbey ceasing to exert control over the area.
The other six are appointed by the president.
This city is selected under central government scheme of "AMRUT".
Elections were held in July to cover that portion of the Deputies in the Cortes in 1967 and 1971.
The Third Legislative Assembly of Delhi was constituted in 2003 after Delhi Legislative Assembly election held on 1 December 2003.
A statutory transition committee was established in 2013 to prepare for the merger.
The Regional Council of French Guiana was the elected assembly, or regional council of French Guiana.
As with the rest of the crossbench, Bedford will continue to provide confidence and supply support to the incumbent Labor government.
It is composed of 35 councillors representing the wards of Gaborone.
The council's seat is at Shirehall in Shrewsbury, the largest town in the unitary authority's area and historic county town of Shropshire.
The 204 members of the 29th Illinois General Assembly are listed in the 1875 Illinois Legislative Manual.
Four members are co-opted while the remaining two are ex officio.
The county council had jurisdiction over the administrative county of the East Riding and therefore did not include the county borough of Kingston upon Hull.
Sir Henry Edward McCallum served as colonial governor of Newfoundland.
Croydon is divided into 24 wards, electing 70 councillors.
The council lasted from 1970 to 1975 and was the last council to have appointed members.
For the 2010-2015 period the number of seats is 165.
The Federal Assembly is bicameral, being composed of the 200-seat National Council and the 46-seat Council of States.
Each term for the mayor and assembly members lasts five years.
Pakistani general election, 2013 was held on May 11, 2013.
It is a London borough council, one of 32 in the United Kingdom capital of London.
Ja-Ela Urban Council is the local authority for the town of Ja-Ela in Gampaha District Sri Lanka.
The speaker serves as an ex officio member.
The National Assembly is the unicameral legislature of Serbia.
Its members are elected from 17 wards to four-year terms.
The assembly was unicameral with 41 representatives elected from each constituencies of the state.
Under the constitutional reform package passed in 2010, there are five District Council new functional constituencies nominated by the District Councillors and elected by territory-wide electorates.
The Assembly of the Republic is the Portuguese parliament.
Each elected member represents one of the 140 constituencies within the borders of Kerala and is referred to as Member of Legislative Assembly.
The general assembly sat from 1866 to 1869.
Citizen aged 23 or above, who has resided in this city for more than four months.
The next elections were scheduled to occur in 2008, when one-third of the Senate seats was opened.
The Legislative Building was expanded in 1997 to its current appearance to accommodate the growing Legislature.
Shropshire Council is the local authority of Shropshire in England.
The head of the council had the title of Mayor.
Ward 48 - Jawahar Nagar Kacchi Basti, Khaniya Basti, Parivahan Workshop, Teela No 1 to 7
Elected officials must then be endorsed by the Central Committee to take office.
The municipal corporation covers an area of 1,397.3 km².
Elections are held every five years and are by single transferable vote.
Districts are reapportioned decennially by the New Jersey Apportionment Commission following each United States Census, as provided by Article IV, Section III of the state Constitution.
The two Houses of Parliament have 128 Members in total, 88 in the lower house and 40 in the upper house.
The county council has 84 elected councillors.
The Senate is the upper house of Parliament and the House of Commons is the lower house.
It is composed of eighteen members; seventeen Municipal Sangguniang Kabataan Federation President and one Provincial SK Federation President.
Elections are held every five years and are by single transferable vote.
The permanent laws of a general nature are codified in the Consolidated Laws of New York.
The Assembly is controlled in both houses by the governing Movement for Socialism, elected with a 2/3 supermajority.
In addition, three co-opted members represent the Twa ethnic group.
As the Constitution draft was ready, it was submitted to a referendum by the President of the Russian Federation December 12, 1993.
Additional special sessions can be called by the governor of Kansas.
The Mississippi House of Representatives is the lower house of the Mississippi Legislature, the lawmaking body of the US state of Mississippi.
Bagh area of Kolkata-the capital of the state.
It is a unitary authority, having the powers of a non-metropolitan county and district council combined.
After the election, conservative members of parliament formed the United Democratic Party.
The Speaker of the Assembly is Premchand Aggarwal.
Each senator represented approximately 128,598 as of the 2010 census.
Under the terms of the Croatian Constitution, the Sabor represents the people and is vested with legislative power.
Milton Keynes is reported as one of the nation's best places to do business, and its council has ambitious plans for continued economic development and growth.
It is composed of 59 members representing single-member constituencies throughout the state.
Sessions of the Basque Parliament are conducted in both Basque and Spanish, with translation services.
At first, it met as a provisional congress both in Montgomery, Alabama and Richmond, Virginia.
In 2002, the Oregon Supreme Court struck down the decade-old law, Oregon Ballot Measure 3, that had restricted State Representatives to 3 terms on procedural grounds.
Malawi has a has therefore unicameral legislative body as only the latter is functional.
A senator must be at least 25 years old and a citizen of Trinidad and Tobago.
Stockton-on-Tees Borough Council is the local authority of the Borough of Stockton-on-Tees.
The tenure of the Legislative Assembly is five years, unless dissolved sooner.
He took office on 26 August 2005.
Finally, the European Commission, the executive body of the EU, is accountable to Parliament.
It existed from 1838 to May 31, 1928.
The Wisconsin State Assembly is the lower house of the Wisconsin Legislature.
The government of the day must achieve the confidence of this House in order to gain and remain in power.
Bologna is home to numerous prestigious cultural, economic and political institutions as well as one of the most impressive trade fair districts in Europe.
The Virginia House of Delegates is one of two parts in the Virginia General Assembly, the other being the Senate of Virginia.
Political parties and the position of Lieutenant Governor was abolished.
It was chaired in its first two terms by local politician Desley Simpson following the 2010 and 2013 elections.
As of early July 2013, 30 members of the Shura Council have resigned.
The Consultative Assembly is the legislative body of the Monarchy of Qatar, with 45 members.
It was constituted as a municipality in the year 1869 and upgraded to corporation in the year 1950.
The capital of Haa Alif Atoll, and the location of the Secretariat of North Thiladhunmathi Atoll Council is the island of Dhidhdhoo.
The status of the Third Dáil of 1922–1923 was different as it was also recognised by the British.
The current Chairman is Councillor Martin Davies.
It is a unitary authority, having the powers of a non-metropolitan county and district council combined.
The Province of Sergipe was consolidated on October 24, 1824.
Moreover, the Cabinet is responsible solely to the House of Commons.
Each ward returns three councillors to serve four year terms.
Under the Parliament Act 1911, the Lords' power to reject legislation was reduced to a delaying power.
The Pyidaungsu Hluttaw is made up of two houses, the Amyotha Hluttaw, a 224-seat upper house as well as the Pyithu Hluttaw, a 440-seat lower house.
Impeachment charges were brought against Lieutenant Governor Martin E. Trapp in the Oklahoma House of Representatives, but not sustained by the state senate.
Jaffna Municipal Council is the local authority for the city of Jaffna in northern Sri Lanka.
Mid-Ulster District Council is a local authority that was established on 1 April 2015.
It forms the legislative body of the province.
The Legislative Council of Nova Scotia was the upper house of the legislature of the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
The Senate is completely renewed every six years, since senators are barred from immediate reelection.
An army led by Bonaparte conquered Egypt and marched as far as Saint-Jean-d'Acre in Syria.
The Dewan Rakyat usually proposes legislation through a draft known as a 'bill'.
Consequently, politicians who abandon the party for which they were elected now face the loss of their Congressional seat.
The House of Representatives has 475 members, elected for a four-year term.
It consists of 42 councillors that are elected from 18 wards.
Several members of the Assembly hold other elective office, as they are grandfathered in under a New Jersey law that banned multiple office holding in 2007.
Dún Laoghaire–Rathdown County Council is the authority responsible for local government in the county of Dún Laoghaire–Rathdown, Ireland.
They can be re-elected, but cannot serve more than three consecutive terms.
The House is led by the Speaker of the House, elected at the beginning of each new legislature from among its members.
It sits at Parliament Buildings at Stormont in Belfast.
The States General was divided into a Senate and a House of Representatives in 1815, with the establishment of the United Kingdom of the Netherlands.
It also has the power to override gubernatorial vetoes through a three-fifths majority vote.
There are 60 members of the House, representing 60 districts across the state, each with a population of 65,000.
The People's Council is Syria's legislative authority.
The first Seimas after the restoration of independence of Lithuania convened in 1992.
Of this number, it is known that 57 were sentenced to death and executed, and another 64 were burned in effigy.
The House of Assembly is the lower house of the Parliament of the British Overseas Territory of Bermuda.
Both houses of the General Assembly meet at the Ohio Statehouse in Columbus.
EPC has 37 members elected using the open list proportional representation system.
Currently, the Senate consists of 24 Republicans and 9 Democrats; Senators are limited to two terms.
The twelve members of the mayor-council meets at Fredericton City Hall in the Fredericton Council Chamber.
Their duty is to make sure that no law is passed unless all three groups agree on it.
Belfast City Council is the local authority with responsibility for part of the city of Belfast, the capital and largest city of Northern Ireland.
The council was documented in the 2014 BBC TV series Call the Council, which showed its workers carrying out their duties.
It consisted of 125 seats, with the constitution providing for specified numbers of representatives from all states and divisions.
Based in Cambourne, it forms the lower part of the two tier system of local government in the district, below Cambridgeshire County Council.
Chin State Hluttaw is the legislature of the Burmese state of Chin State.
Members organize in political party-based caucuses to develop partisan policy agendas.
The Navajo Nation Council is the legislative branch of the Navajo Nation government.
Members represent wards throughout the city, and are known as councillors.
However, since the Lok Sabha has twice as many members as the Rajya Sabha, the former would normally hold the greater power.
Otherwise, the two Chambers sit separately, with the House of Keys originating most legislation, and the Legislative Council acting as a revising chamber.
The Constitution of Mauritius provides for the parliament of Mauritius to consist of the President and the National Assembly.
The 4th Assembly was inaugurated on June 2, 2003, with the emergence of Adeleke Mamora as Speaker.
The Taitung County Council is the elected county council of Taitung County, Republic of China.
The Senate is presided over by the Lieutenant Governor of Virginia.
The council has 30 councillors who represent 11 multi-member electoral wards.
High Peak Borough Council is the local authority for High Peak, a borough of Derbyshire, England.
It has 9 members elected using the open list proportional representation system.
Are elected, at the gazebo of the Northern League, every five years, the representatives of the parties and the Prime Minister of Padania.
The burgesses convened at the second state house from 1656 until it was destroyed in 1660.
The term "Member of Parliament" usually refers to a member of the Dewan Rakyat, the lower house of the Parliament.
While the House of Commons has a defined 650-seat membership, the number of members in the House of Lords is not fixed.
The Parliament of Queensland is the legislature of Queensland, Australia.
Prior to the creation of the department of Nippes in 2003, there were twenty-seven seats.
The Colorado House of Representatives is the lower house of the Colorado General Assembly, the state legislature of the U.S. state of Colorado.
and heads the Council's 35,000 strong workforce.
The Council is split into two wards, Nantwich North and West and Nantwich South.
The chamber comprises 513 deputies, who are elected by proportional representation to serve four-year terms.
The House of Representatives is the elected Lower House of the bicameral Parliament of Trinidad and Tobago.
The council consists of the mayor plus fifteen members of the city advisory board appointed to serve a one-year term by the Minister of Federal Territories.
The chief minister will then be tasked with appointing a deputy chief minister and to select the members of the Bangsamoro Cabinet.
The county is divided into 57 electoral divisions, which return a total of 57 councillors.
In 1858, the British Crown took over the administration from the East India Company.
30% of seats are allocated to the Turkish Cypriot community, but these have been vacant since 1964.
The House of Representatives of Antigua and Barbuda is the lower chamber of the country's bicameral parliament.
It convenes in the Gedung DPRD DKI Jakarta, Central Jakarta.
Members are elected to two-year terms and, since the 2014 Amendment to the Arkansas Constitution, limited to sixteen years cumulative in either house.
The Liberal Party led by Joey Smallwood formed the government.
Mississauga City Council is the governing body of the city of Mississauga, Ontario, Canada.
It was superseded by the Federal Council of the Austrian Parliament implemented by the 1920 Federal Constitutional Law.
The Senate of Saint Lucia is the upper house of the Parliament of Saint Lucia.
With 49 seats, BJP got the majority and formed government.
It convenes in the state's capital Kiel and currently consists of 69 members of six parties.
The National Assembly of Quebec is the legislative body of the Province of Quebec in Canada.
As of the 2015 general election, the National League for Democracy won the most contested seats in the legislature.
Its members introduce and vote on bills and resolutions, provide legislative oversight for state agencies, and help to craft the state's budget.
The Selangor State Legislative Assembly is the unicameral state legislature of the Malaysian state of Selangor.
It sits in the Binnenhof in The Hague.
The House of Assembly of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines is the unicameral legislature of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.
Both Hamilton-Smith and fellow independent Brock are in cabinet and provide confidence and supply while retaining the right to vote on conscience.
For some information about earlier Slough local authorities see Slough, Slough local elections and List of Mayors of Slough.
AUDA is coming up with a state-of-the-art office on Ashram Road, Ahmedabad.
The system of government of Thailand was that of a constitutional monarchy and a parliamentary democracy.
The MBJB main headquarters is located at Jalan Dato' Onn in Johor Bahru city centre.
The current chairman is Councillor Russell Johnson and the current vice-chairman is Councillor Will Jennings.
This agency is under Johor state government.
In 1919, direct elections were introduced with the introduction of Diarchy under the Government of India Act of 1919.
Under the 1997 Constitution of Poland the National Assembly has the authority to
The Senate was the upper house of the National Assembly of Thailand,.
The members of the 17th General Assembly of Newfoundland were elected in the Newfoundland general election held in November 1893.
The population of the area administered by the council is estimated at 765,302, making it the largest local authority in South West England.
The 5th North-West Legislative Assembly lasted from 1902 until dissolution in 1905.
It is elected by the residents in Andalusia every four years.
It has 23 members elected using the open list proportional representation system.
For ease of electoral division, wards are based upon the city's federal electoral districts as of the year 2000.
The assembly was unicameral with 41 representatives elected from each constituencies of the state.
The current parliament of Bangladesh contains 350 seats, including 50 seats reserved for women, which are apportioned on elected party position in the parliament.
It also had no power over government spending.
They are assisted in their work by paid staff of the non-partisan Department of Legislative Services and by partisan office staff.
Sibu Rural District Council is a local authority which administers Sibu rural areas such as Sibu Jaya and Selangau District.
The National Assembly is the lower house of the Parliament of Cameroon.
Though, in recent years, the Legislature has completed its work in 38 working days in both even numbered years as well as odd numbered years.
The headquarters of the Seberang Perai Municipal Council is Bangunan MPSP at the Bandar Perda township, about 3.15 km west of Bukit Mertajam proper.
Members of the public are invited to attend these meetings.
As of February 2016, the Hluttaw was led by speaker Khin Maung Yin of the National League for Democracy.
As Lieutenant Governor of Oklahoma, James E. Berry served as the President of the Senate.
It is one of 18 district council.
Ward 54 - Madirshree Gopalji ka Lallulal, Karnot Mahal, Mohammadi Hospital, Babu ka tiba,darjiyo ka rasta, mehta marg, gangabux joshi ka rasta
It is a unicameral body of 30 members elected every five years.
Members of the House are elected by single and two-member districts.
Crewe Town Council is a parish council covering the town of Crewe in England.
The Nationalist government of the time changed the lower house voting system from first-past-the-post to full-preference preferential voting, effective from the 1919 general election.
The Senate President is third in the Nigerian presidential line of succession.
Vermont had a unicameral legislature until 1836.
The upper chamber of the legislature is the Hawaii State Senate.
The Chamber of Deputies is a house of the bicameral Parliament of Italy.
The Vermont Senate meets at the Vermont State House in the state capital of Montpelier.
This districting system is similar to those of the Idaho and Washington State Senate.
The House of Assembly sits roughly 40–45 days a year.
The Legislature of Saskatchewan is the legislature of the province of Saskatchewan, Canada.
According to the 2011 census, it is the fifth largest city in Maharashtra with a population of more than 1.3 million.
The present speaker is Shri Sitasharan Sharma, who was elected on January 9, 2014.
It is a strategic authority with powers over public transport, skills, housing, regeneration, waste management, carbon neutrality and planning permission.
Richard Squires served as Newfoundland's prime minister.
Offices of members are located in the State Office Building, connected by tunnel to the west of the State Capitol.
Both senators and representatives are chosen through direct election, though vacancies in the Senate may be filled by a gubernatorial appointment.
To act as the parliamentary link for inter-West Nordic organisations, including Arctic parliamentary cooperation.
All bills must usually be passed by both the Dewan Rakyat and the Dewan Negara, before they are sent to the King for royal assent.
The assembly is unicameral with 41 representatives elected from each constituencies of the state.
The House convenes at the Utah State Capitol in Salt Lake City.
Both Hamilton-Smith and fellow independent Brock are in cabinet and provide confidence and supply while retaining the right to vote on conscience.
For the 2013 elections, the number of seats was reduced from 57 to 49 following the 2012 changes in division boundaries.
An MP begins a debate by moving a motion and delivering an opening speech explaining the reasons for the motion.
The Maryland House of Delegates is the lower house of the legislature of the State of Maryland.
Review and comment on planning applications within the Parish
It operates public bus transport services in areas under its jurisdiction.
On 21 December 2001, Australia added the organization, alias of MEK, to its ‘Consolidated List’ subject to the United Nations Security Council Resolution 1373.
City Council seats for all districts are decided concurrently in elections held every four years during the month of March.
The 1931 Donoughmore Constitution replaced the Legislative Council with the State Council of Ceylon.
The Yerevan City Council is the lawmaking body of the city of Yerevan.
The Town is split into four Wards.
Mrs Yu-Foo was the first woman mayor.
From 1957 to 1963, the Union Parliament was a member of the Inter-Parliamentary Union.
Cork County Council is the authority responsible for local government in County Cork, Ireland.
The 16th Lok Sabha was elected in May 2014 and is the latest to date.
The Duma headquarters are located in central Moscow, a few steps from Manege Square.
The Legislature of the Kingdom of Hawaii was the bicameral legislature of the Kingdom of Hawaii.
But on 8 June 1962, military rule was replaced by civilian government when the Lt.
The Legislative Assembly of Singapore was the legislature of the government of Singapore from 1955 to 1965 and the predecessor of the Parliament of Singapore.
Each house of the Brazilian Congress elects its President and the other members of its directing board from among its members.
It is a precepting authority, with tax collected on its behalf by East Cambridgeshire District Council.
Wan Chai District Council is the district council for the Wan Chai District in Hong Kong.
The current Politburo, the 9th, was elected by the Central Committee in the aftermath of the 9th Congress and consists of 11 members.
The city is culturally and socially diverse.
The Oklahoma Territorial Legislature was the legislative branch of the government of the Oklahoma Territory.
The legislature was founded on February 2, 1835.
The Houses of Parliament are located in Lobamba.
This offer, known as the August Offer, included giving full weight to minority opinions and allowing Indians to draft their own constitution.
It took place from 1967 and was dissolved in 1970.
The last election was on November 26, 2016.
The Palestinian Legislative Council passed a law in June 2005, increasing the number of members from 88 to 132.
the Tamil Nadu Legislative Council, the upper house, and
The Oklahoma Senate is the upper house of the two houses of the Legislature of Oklahoma, the other being the Oklahoma House of Representatives.
It has 14 members elected using the open list proportional representation system.
The Council of Ancients was the senior of the two halves of the republican legislative system.
The members of the Politburo are elected by the Central Committee in the immediate aftermath of a National Party Congress.
It is part of the essentially bicameral EU legislature and represents the executive governments of the EU's member states.
Sir John Hawley Glover served as colonial governor of Newfoundland until 1881.
Elections are staggered such that half the districts have elections every 2 years.
13 electoral districts are multi-member district, one district is a single-member district where SNTV becomes equivalent to First-past-the-post voting.
The Senate has 13 members, also serving four-year terms in multi-seat constituencies.
The 132nd General Assembly convened in January 2017.
Ward 4 - Pat Hehn and Tim Lauer
The most recent parliamentary elections were held on 27 September 2015.
The members of the Constituent Assembly were elected by the provincial assemblies by a single, transferable-vote system of proportional representation.
The current Chairman of the Majlisi milli is Mahmadsaid Ubaydulloyev from April 17, 2000.
The municipal corporation consists of democratically elected members, is headed by a mayor and administers the city's infrastructure, public services and police.
The first election for Kayah State Hluttaw was held in November 2010 and all seats elected were from USDP.
The council composes of 54 councilors lastly elected through the 2014 Republic of China local election on 29 November 2014.
Campbell Leonard Macpherson succeeded Outerbridge as lieutenant governor.
The district council provides services such as waste collection and recycling, local planning and housing services, environmental health services and council tax collection.
There were three sessions of the 39th General Assembly:
Each member's term is four years, and there are no limits on the number of terms a member may serve.
It is also responsible for proposing and levying taxes.
They are published in the official Laws of Illinois.
There are no term limits for either chamber.
Elections are held every five years and are by single transferable vote.
The National Assembly for Wales is a devolved assembly with power to make legislation in Wales.
The system of the house is proportional representation.
New governments are protected from votes of no confidence during their first 18 months and during the last 12 months before a national election.
The current Senate President is Peter Courtney of Salem.
The last regional election was held on 9 October 2011 and the party with the most votes was the Social Democratic Party with 71,556.
Rajya Sabha members are elected by state legislatures rather than directly through the electorate by single transferable vote method.
In 2009, qualified unicameralism was replaced by unicameralism, through the dissolution of the two chambers: the Lagting and the Odelsting.
It forms the legislative body of the province.
The South Carolina Constitution of 1895 provided for each county to elect one senator for a four-year term.
House members serve two-year terms without term limits.
The electoral system is closed party list proportional representation.
Hackney London Borough Council is the local government authority for the London Borough of Hackney, London, England, one of 32 London borough councils.
The House meets in the north wing of the Michigan Capitol in Lansing.
The city council voted unanimously to accept it.
The Senate operated under fixed terms of six years.
The General Assembly of Uruguay has two chambers.
The Hawaii House of Representatives is the lower house of the Hawaii State Legislature.
According to Party rules, the Secretariat implements the decisions of the Politburo and the Central Committee.
This enables these minority groups to be represented in the Congress, when they would otherwise not be represented properly through district representation.
The bicameral General Assembly is composed of a 34-member Senate, and a 163-member House of Representatives.
It met in Oklahoma City from January 3, 1995, to January 7, 1997, during the first two years of the first term of Governor Frank Keating.
The Speaker of the 2nd Legislative Assembly was Rt.
The vice governor is the ex officio presiding officer, and only votes to break ties.
The Legislative Council of Upper Canada; and the
Elections are held every five years and are by single transferable vote.
Currently the Washington State Legislature has split majorities, with Democrats controlling the House of Representatives and Republicans controlling the Senate.
Members are elected under the single transferable vote form of proportional representation.
The mayor can veto proposed bills, but the council can override it with a two-thirds supermajority.
The Missouri Senate is the upper chamber of the Missouri General Assembly.
It is composed of 28 members who are elected from single-member constituencies throughout the state.
The Fifth Legislative Assembly of Delhi was constituted on 28 December 2013 after the Delhi Legislative Assembly elections on 4 December 2013.
The Alaska Legislature meets in the Alaska State Capitol building in Juneau, Alaska.
The House consists of 151 members representing an equal amount of districts across the state.
The legislature is seated at the New York State Capitol in Albany.
The council may convene for special meetings at the call of the mayor or at least four members of council.
Since the May 2014 election, 40 of these councillors are Conservatives, 19 are Labour and one is an independent.
Its major functions are to elect the President of the republic, to approve the government, and to approve laws and expenditure.
The National Assembly is presided over by a Speaker, assisted by a Deputy Speaker.
It was the first of four local councils to be established in County Donegal.
The National Assembly is the name of both chambers of the Bahraini parliament when sitting in joint session, as laid out in the Constitution of 2002.
It was abolished with the passing of the Northern Ireland Constitution Act 1973.
The MPJBT main headquarters is located at Skudai.
Arthur Maxwell House served as lieutenant governor of Newfoundland and Labrador until 2002.
Since its formation, the IKP has passed several important laws relating to administration, political parties, the press, the economy, culture, and society.
The assembly meets in the Marshal's Office in Poznań.
However, the UGTT boycotted the selection, and those 14 seats remained vacant.
The president will issue the relevant proclamations within the constitutionally prescribed time for the 2015 Elections.
bodies of state power of subjects of the Russian Federation
The presiding officer, the President of the Senate, is elected from among the Senators who are not Ministers or Parliamentary Secretaries.
The legislature is housed in Johannesburg City Hall in central Johannesburg.
The municipal corporation consists of democratically elected members, is headed by a mayor and administers the city's infrastructure, public services and supplies.
The Liberal Reform Party, an alliance between the Liberals and the Fishermen's Protective Union, formed the government.
It was generally known as the "Council for Wales" or, occasionally but even less correctly, the "Council of Wales".
There are a total of 76 representatives in the legislature, each representing single member districts across the islands.
The Liberal Party and the Fishermen's Protective Union joined in a coalition which sat in opposition to the government.
Batticaloa Municipal Council is the local authority for the city of Batticaloa in eastern Sri Lanka.
MPs are elected for a term of four years and cannot be re-elected.
All important state-related questions pass through the Riigikogu.
The vast majority of parliamentary boroughs were pocket boroughs, the private property of an aristocratic patron.
Sultan Qaboos addresses all the members of this Council on an annual basis.
Its first official working day is the second Wednesday of January each year.
A political party must secure 172 seats to obtain and preserve a majority.
The Lower Saxon Landtag or the Parliament of Lower Saxony is the state diet of the German state of Lower Saxony.
The KwaZulu-Natal Legislature is the primary legislative body of the South African province of KwaZulu-Natal.
Medininagar Municipal Corporation or Medininagar Nagar Nigam, abbreviated MMC, is the chief nodal agency for the administration of Medininagar.
The Senate of Pakistan consist of total 104 members.
The Legislative Assembly became the Lower House of the Presidency.
The council's 88 members were first elected on 12 April 1973, to take office on 1 April 1974.
Sir Leonard Outerbridge succeeded Walsh as lieutenant governor.
The 1st Council of the North-West Territories also known as the North-West Council in Canada lasted from November 7, 1876, to 1888.
The Assembly convenes at the State Capitol in Albany.
The Senate chamber is located in the north wing of the Capitol, in Washington, D.C.
The Jalgaon Municipal Corporation is the governing body of the city of Jalgaon in the Indian state of Maharashtra.
The most recent general election to the Parliament was held on 5 May 2016, with the Scottish National Party winning a plurality.
The District has about 220,000 households with over 750,000 residents.
This agency is under the purview of the Penang state government.
The Congress building in Valparaíso replaced the old National Congress, located in downtown Santiago, in 1990.
Following the Act of Union in 1840, the Legislative Council of the Province of Canada was created in 1841.
It is located in the city of Vitória.
The unicameral Parliament of Uganda is the country's legislative body.
Representatives are elected to two-year terms, and are limited to four consecutive terms in office but can run again after a two-year respite.
Elections to the Landtag are held every five years and have to be conducted on a Sunday or public holiday.
All laws have to be passed by both chambers of the Assembly.
Sir Ralph Champneys Williams served as governor of Newfoundland.
It consists of 67 county councillors, elected from 54 electoral divisions every four years.
The Legislature of Burma was the legislative body of British Burma from 1936 to 1947.
It meets at the Idaho State Capitol in Boise, Idaho.
The 2011 elections resulted in a 20–20 split between the parties, but as the tie breaker was Republican Lt.
Monmouth Town Council is the town council of the traditional county town of Monmouth, south-east Wales.
The General Assembly meets at the State Capitol in Jefferson City.
Not more than two counties can be joined to form a House district, except when necessary to preserve the principle of equal representation.
Since then, the Municipal Body has always been alive in its constitution and functioning to the growing needs of citizens.
The remaining sessions of the third parliament were held in Toronto.
Kirklees Council is the local authority of the district of Kirklees in West Yorkshire, England.
The Senate meets at the Idaho State Capitol in Boise, Idaho.
The Congress was attended by 56 delegates.
Since the December 2008 national election, the current majority party is the Bangladesh Awami League.
The members of the 33rd General Assembly of Newfoundland were elected in the Newfoundland general election held in November 1962.
Virtually all other lower houses, including the United States House of Representatives, are elected for a two-year term.
The assembly was in house for full term of five years before being dissolved on 06 Mar 1962.
The Consultative Assembly is headed by a Speaker.
The representatives of each department comprise a brigade.
Valikamam South West Divisional Council is the local authority for Valikamam South West DS Division in northern Sri Lanka.
The current chairperson of the assembly is Przemysław Litwiniuk.
The remaining areas of Limerick city were under the authority of Limerick City Council which was a separate authority.
He took office on 26 August 2005.
The National Assembly exercise supreme legislative power.
The Victorian Legislative Council is the upper house of the bicameral Parliament of Victoria, Australia; the lower house being the Legislative Assembly.
28 members are elected from the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, and 14 from the Republika Srpska.
It has 11 councillors elected using an open list proportional representation system.
The President appoints chairs and membership of six standing committees, four legislative committees as well as the Executive Nominations and Rules Committees.
The Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, represented by the Governor General of the Canadas;
The Eleventh Parliament was officially summoned to meet on June 10, 2015 by Proclamation issued by President David A. Granger.
After having been passed, laws were published in the Reichsgesetzblatt.
Previously the Democratic Party held a majority in the Senate.
Ards Borough Council is the local authority of Ards in Northern Ireland.
It replaced Cookstown District Council, Dungannon and South Tyrone Borough Council and Magherafelt District Council.
Following the independence of the Republic of South Sudan, a new legislature was established in terms of the country's constitution.
The Assembly of the Representatives of the People is Tunisia's legislative branch of government.
Based on 2010 census data, each legislative district in the state of Idaho had approximately 44,788 residents.
Kakinada Municipal Corporation is the civic body of Kakinada in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
The first legislature started in 1835 and had 36 provincial deputies, it was increased to 42 in 1855.
Under the council-manager form of government, the city council is the most powerful branch of government.
It is a bicameral parliament elected by the people of the state in general elections.
Instead, all councillors are elected at-large, and the ten candidates with the most votes are declared elected to council.
As a county council, it is governed by the Local Government Act 2001.
The presiding officer is the Chairman of the State Council of the Komi Republic.
As a legislature it is responsible for passing laws at the provincial level and enact the budget.
Wijeyananda Dahanayake was the first elected mayor of the city, who was appointed in 1939.
The Leyte Provincial Board is the Sangguniang Panlalawigan of the Philippine province of Leyte.
The Parliament of The Bahamas is the bicameral national parliament of Commonwealth of The Bahamas.
The Parliament of Mauritania has two chambers:
Each ward is represented on the council by three council members.
On average, each legislator represents about 3,300 residents.
Two territories, the Northern Territory and Australian Capital Territory, also maintain unicameral parliaments.
Tom Anglin served as President pro tempore of the Oklahoma Senate and Murray Gibbons served as Speaker of the Oklahoma House of Representatives.
The Northwest Territories reverted to 1870 constitutional status.
The Parliament of Swaziland consists of two chambers:
The Council has its offices in the Shire Hall, a Grade I listed building owned by Monmouthshire County Council.
Its session laws are generally adopted by majority vote in both houses, and upon gaining the assent of the Governor of Illinois.
The Chamber has 30 members elected for a five-year term by proportional representation; the vice-president of Uruguay presides over the chamber's sessions.
Between 1945 and 2007, San Marino used proportional representation.
Gordon Arnaud Winter served as lieutenant governor of Newfoundland.
The mayor is elected at large, while each of the councillors represent wards throughout the city.
It is a unitary authority, having the powers of a non-metropolitan county and district council combined.
In 1905 when Alberta and Saskatchewan were carved out the Northwest Territories, the remaining population was too small to legally hold elections.
Ministers are accountable to the Assembly for the conduct of their departments.
It has 64 councillors representing 61 divisions, with three divisions having two members each.
The corporation consists of directly elected corporators headed by a mayor.
Each senator, therefore, serves a total of six years.
But the constitution allows the military NLA to remain in place until the NAT is formed.
From 1728 until 1793 they were also disfranchised.
Ayeyarwady Region Hluttaw is the legislature of the Burmese region of Ayeyarwady Region.
The House of Lords scrutinises bills that have been approved by the House of Commons.
Windsor and Maidenhead Borough Council is the local authority of the Royal Borough of Windsor and Maidenhead in Berkshire, England.
The Senate is the upper house in the bicameral Parliament of Romania.
The Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly alone has powers to legislate laws covering state subjects in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
The Senate sits for 20 to 25 days a year.
the Chamber of Senators has 31 members, 30 members elected for a five-year term by proportional representation and the Vice-president.
The Senate chamber is in the south wing of the Wisconsin State Capitol, in Madison.
The Legislative Council of Manitoba was the upper house of the government of the Canadian province of Manitoba.
The City Council is the governing body of the City of Reykjavík, composed of representatives elected by the inhabitants of the city.
Supreme Council of the Cultural Revolution, is a conservative-dominated body based in Qom, was set up at the time of Ayatollah Khomeini.
In 1990-1993 it consisted of 126 deputies.
The full council elects a cabinet of 10 councillors, including the council leader, from the majority party.
The assembly took place in the town of Delvino with the participation of deputies from all provinces of Northern Epirus.
The All Russian Constituent Assembly was a constitutional body convened in Russia after the October Revolution of 1917.
On 17 December 1991 NMMC was constituted by the Maharashtra Government for catering to the requirements of 29 villages in CIDCO Navi Mumbai project.
The Rhode Island Senate meets at the Rhode Island State Capitol in Providence.
The Assembly has 93 members, elected by single-member constituency, which are commonly known as seats.
The MPs belonging to parties who cannot create their own parliamentary group form the Mixed Group.
The general assembly sat from May 25, 1989 to April 5, 1993.
Velanai Divisional Council is the local authority for Island South DS Division in northern Sri Lanka.
It was established under Article 106 of the Constitution of the Pakistan.
The Althing was founded in 930 at Þingvellir, situated approximately 45 kilometres east of what later became the country's capital, Reykjavík.
The President of the Senate is the Lieutenant Governor of North Carolina, but the Lt.
As of February 2016, the Hluttaw was led by speaker Than of the National League for Democracy.
Prior to the opening of the Legislative Building of Nunavut the members met in the gymnasium of the Inuksuk High School.
At the last general election in 1968, the Social Democrats received more than half the votes.
In addition to passing laws, the Diet is formally responsible for selecting the Prime Minister.
Parliament of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina is bicameral legislature of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The council was first elected on 1 May 2008 a year before coming into its legal powers on 1 April 2009.
The whole of Ladakh was under the administration of Leh until July 1, 1979, when the Kargil and Ladakh administrative districts were created.
The leader of the county council is currently Nick Rushton, who was elected to the post in September 2012.
First election for the Municipal Corporation was conducted in 2012, after the predecessor City Council's term ended.
The term of the current Legislative Council began on 22 May 2017, when members elected at the 2017 State election took their seats.
With 49 members, it is also the smallest legislature of any U.S. state.
Senators are elected to four-year terms and are not subject to term limits.
The number of members is not fixed, but can vary with boundary changes resulting from electoral redistributions, which are required on a regular basis.
The election was held on June 12, 2014, as a result of which Kathleen Wynne's Liberal Party formed a majority government.
The county also contains 7 district and borough councils, and 159 town, parish and neighbourhood councils.
The New Mexico House of Representatives is the lower house of the New Mexico State Legislature.
It consists of 224 member of which 168 are directly elected and 56 appointed by the Myanmar Armed Forces.
The Parliament of Navarre or also known as Cortes de Navarra is the Navarre autonomous unicameral parliament.
The members of the 14th General Assembly of Newfoundland were elected in the Newfoundland general election held in November 1882.
The head of the council had the title of Mayor.
It is a London borough council and is entitled to be known as a city council, which is a rare distinction in the United Kingdom.
The Chamber of Advisors, also called Chamber of Councillors, was the upper house of the Parliament of Tunisia.
The current speaker of Parliament is Sheku Badara Bashiru Dumbuya.
The House of Representatives is the parliament of the Republic of Cyprus.
It has a strength of 235 members of whom 234 are democratically elected using the First-past-the-post system.
Originally retaining a Polish character, it acquired a more German character in the second half of the 19th century.
Between sessions it is represented by the 31 member Council of State.
It is a strategic authority with powers over transport, economic development and regeneration.
Ward 76 - Jal Mahal Lake, Govindpuri, Bibi Fatima Colony, New Ramgarh Road, Hussain Colony, Kilangarh, Jaisinghpura Khor, Jaato ka Baas
Unlike the state Legislative Assemblies and Municipal Chambers, the Congress is bicameral, composed of the Federal Senate and the Chamber of Deputies.
After that, the mover may exercise a right of reply.
The next election to the authority will be in 2018.
Sunderland City Council is the local authority of the City of Sunderland in Tyne and Wear, England.
Since 2016, it is chaired by René Paas.
It was established as the official legislature of Kampuchea on January 5, 1976, consisting of 250 members.
Instead, a separate position of Senate President is in place, removed from the state executive branch.
Cornwall Council provides a wide range of services to more than half a million Cornish residents.
The party or coalition commanding the support of a majority of the members of the Legislative Assembly is invited by the governor to form government.
It was a bicameral body: the upper house was the House of Lords, and the lower house was the House of Deputies.
The presiding officer of the Legislative Assembly is the Speaker.
Each member represents roughly 25,980 residents of New Mexico.
Kollam Municipal Corporation is the civic body that governs the City of Kollam in the Indian state of Kerala.
It is situated in Kimberley, in a newly built complex to the west of the city centre on the edge of Galeshewe.
The Regional Assembly meets in the Marshal's Office in Kielce.
The Senate was abolished on 2 October 1971 by the eighth amendment to the Soulbury Constitution.
The Aquitaine Regional Council is the Conseil régional of Aquitaine.
The Liberal Party led by Philip Francis Little won the election and Little became Newfoundland's first premier.
The Congress was not much more than a decoration.
Members of six of the nine delegations signed petitions addressed to Parliament and King George III objecting to the Act's provisions.
Ward 39 - Calgary eye hospital, Roongta hospital, MNIT, Mahaveer cancer hospital, Vidhya Ashram school, Kulish Smriti Van, Forest Nursery, Bajaj Nagar
The municipal corporation consists of democratically elected members, is headed by a mayor and administers the city's infrastructure, public services and police.
The council was created under the provisions of the Manitoba Act.
However, this institution had greater similarity with the corporate system of Italian fascism.
Representatives are elected to a two-year term without term limits.
The quorum for the House is 10% of the total membership.
There are 183,336 local government electors and 174,349 Dáil electors registered to vote in the County Council administrative area.
The Senate of Nigeria is the upper house.
The 2014 elections were the first ones without a direct election of senators.
On 27 February 2014 unidentified armed militants took over the parliament and hoisted a Russian flag over it.
The Congress of the Philippines is the national legislature of the Philippines.
The county administration is headed by a Chief Executive, Eamonn O'Sullivan.
Several important Greek statesmen have served as Speakers of the Hellenic Parliament.
As part of a bicameral legislature alongside of the National Council, it can be compared with an upper house or a senate.
The municipal corporation consists of democratically elected members, is headed by a mayor and administers the city's infrastructure, public services and police.
The Speaker of the Senate carries the additional title and office of Lieutenant Governor of Tennessee.
All citizens over the age of 18 may vote, although voting is not compulsory.
The meeting place of the Legislative Assembly since 6 March 1961 is the Vidhan Bhavan in Chandigarh.
It is considered to be the "upper house" of the Federal Parliament.
The commissioner from the IAS cadre heads the administrative wing and is responsible for strategic and operational planning and management of the Corporation.
The Municipal Corporation is headed by a mayor.
The latest election was held on 22 November 2015.
It is the fourth largest city corporation in the state by population and fifth largest by area.
In odd-numbered years, sessions may not last more than 30 legislative days, and cannot extend beyond March 30.
The 32 Senators serve staggered four-year terms.
Members were to be elected from 48 divisions, 24 in each of Canada East and Canada West.
The upper house was the Första kammaren.
It is the only city council in the country which has 45 Councillors, since the limit for all other city councils is 21 Councillors.
Hammersmith and Fulham London Borough Council is the local authority for the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham in Greater London, England.
In 1973 the council was reorganised under non-government control and became financially autonomous.
Tirupati Municipal Corporation is the civic body that governs the city of Tirupati in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
It is composed of 23 city councillors and the mayor.
The Prussian House of Representatives was, until 1918, the second chamber of the Prussian Landtag, the other chamber being the Prussian House of Lords.
The current Executive Board of Opole is a coalition government between the Polish People's Party, Civic Platform and the German Minority party.
Clockwise, from the north, it borders the communities of Y Faenor, Llanfarian and Aberystwyth.
It can be tasked by the National Assembly to perform other tasks.
The incumbent Marshal of the Senate is Senior Marshal Stanisław Karczewski.
Currently the Post of Mayor is held by Asha Kumari Jaswal since January 2017.
The current Chairman is Corey A. Stewart, who previously served as the Occoquan District Supervisor.
The Senate is the upper house of the French Parliament, presided over by a president.
The members of the 6th General Assembly of Newfoundland were elected in the Newfoundland general election held in May 1855.
It is a unicameral legislature of 300 members, elected for a four-year term.
Both were initially created by the Constitutional Act of 1791.
It is presided by a Speaker, currently Ajilon Nasiu.
In other decisions, the House of Representatives can override a vote of the House of Councillors only by a two-thirds majority of members present.
The Maharashtra Vidhan Parishad or Maharashtra Legislative Council is the upper house of the bicameral legislature of Maharashtra state in western India.
Members serve eight-year terms, which are staggered so that half the Council is up for election every four years—roughly coinciding with elections to the Legislative Assembly.
Six cantons, traditionally called "half cantons", are represented by one Councillor each for historical reasons.
The forty seats of the Council of Representatives together with the forty royally-appointed seats of the Consultative Council form the Bahraini National Assembly.
Worcestershire County Council was created in 1889 and abolished in 1974, replaced by Hereford and Worcester County Council.
Consequently, the Legislative Assembly of Queensland is the only unicameral state Parliament in Australia.
Hammersmith and Fulham is divided into 16 wards, electing a total of 46 councillors.
When executive functions were given to an Executive Council, the upper house was renamed the Legislative Council.
The Assembly is composed of 150 members representing an equal number of districts, with each district having an average population of 128,652.
Every four years, renewal of either one third or two-thirds of the Senate takes place.
The National Assembly is the lower house of the bicameral Majlis-e-Shura, which also comprises the President of Pakistan and Senate.
The General Assembly of Newfoundland and Labrador is the legislature of the province of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
Special elections are rare, as substitutes are chosen at every election.
The last elections for Central Bedfordshire Council were in May 2015.
There are 128 members elected to a four-year terms in multi-member constituencies, apportioned among Lebanon's diverse Christian and Muslim denominations.
The present parliament building, the Alþingishús, was built in 1881, of hewn Icelandic stone.
Each term is then broken down into different "sittings".
The current Executive Board of Lower Silesia is a coalition government between Civic Platform and the Polish People's Party.
Instead, Canada and Britain helped make payments on its debt while a royal commission of enquiry considered Newfoundland's political future.
Each four provinces are represented by fourteen senators and eight senators from the tribal areas regardless of population, who serve staggered six-year terms.
The Chief Executive is Ian Stephenson who was appointed in 2013, having previously served as the Strategic Director of Environmental Services.
The Latur City Municipal Corporation also known as Municipal Corporation of Greater Latur established on 25 October 2011.
The Alberta legislature meets in the Alberta Legislature Building in the provincial capital, Edmonton.
The Congress of the Republic of Peru is the unicameral body that assumes legislative power in Peru.
Ampara Urban Council is the local authority for the town of Ampara in eastern Sri Lanka.
West Berkshire is divided into 30 wards, electing 52 councillors.
It has 65 members elected by Party-list proportional representation system, headed by the Mayor of Yerevan.
On 13 September 1973, the Government Junta of Chile dissolved Congress.
Cochrane was removed from office in 1834 and replaced by Sir Henry Prescott.
The Cortes of Castile and León is the elected unicameral legislature of the Autonomous Community of Castile and León.
Before presentation, the member will have received detailed instructions from the party caucus in the assembly, which has held study sessions regarding the proposed legislation.
The Senate was the upper house of the Parliament of South Africa between 1910 and its abolition from 1 January 1981, and between 1994 and 1997.
EUC is responsible for providing a variety of local public services including roads, sanitation, drains, housing, libraries, public parks and recreational facilities.
It is a member of the East of England Local Government Association.
The 2nd Northwest Territories Legislative Council was the 9th assembly of the territorial government lasting from the election of 1954 until dissolution in 1957.
This is a list of all French heads of state.
The general assembly sat from 1875 to 1878.
Jacob Mudenda has been Speaker of the House of Assembly since September 2013.
For the students, it is designed more or less on the pattern of an educational tour.
The Parliament as two houses sat only once, in the Royal College of Science for Ireland in Merrion Street.
Karnataka is one of the seven states in India, where the state legislature is bicameral, comprising two houses.
The current General Assembly is Illinois's 100th.
The Texas House of Representatives is the lower house of the bicameral Texas Legislature.
The Legislative Council is the upper chamber of Tynwald, the legislature of the Isle of Man.
Its chapter officers are elected at large by the members of the Katipunan ng Kabataan in each Barangay.
The Minnesota House of Representatives is the lower house of the Legislature of the U.S. state of Minnesota.
The others are the Tokyo Metropolitan Assembly and the Mie Prefectural Assembly.
The members of the 23rd General Assembly of Newfoundland were elected in the Newfoundland general election held in October 1913.
The assembly is unicameral with 26 representatives elected from each constituencies of the 18 local government area of the state.
Combined with the 90-day requirement, this moved the session start day to February, leaving the original start day in January as an organizational day.
VSSDC is sometimes called Vavuniya South Divisional Council.
It is a bicameral body composed of the Alabama House of Representatives, with 105 members, and the Alabama Senate, with 35 members.
The 1st Northwest Territories Legislative Council was the 8th assembly of the territorial government lasting from the election on September 17, 1951 to dissolution in 1954.
It converted Political Bureau resolutions into laws and decrees and mobilizes popular support for them.
The Chambers sit jointly, on Tynwald Day at St John's for largely ceremonial purposes, and usually once a month in the Legislative Buildings in Douglas.
It has 9 members elected using the open list proportional representation system.
Krishan Kant Paul is the current Governor of Uttarakhand.
In 10 June 2012, the General Council was made up of the following party composition.
The Senate was disbanded after the Islamic Revolution in 1979, when the new constitution established a unicameral legislature.
The Legislative Council of Brunei) is a national unicameral legislature of Brunei.
As a county council, it is governed by the Local Government Act 2001.
The vice governor is elected via the plurality voting system throughout the province.
Currently there are 560 members, following the 2009 elections, all elected.
The Central Council of Ukraine was the All-Ukrainian council that united the political, public, cultural and professional organizations of the Ukrainian People's Republic.
The Legislative Assembly of the Azores is the regional assembly/legislature of the Azores, an autonomous region of Portugal.
It was abolished on 3 June 2014 when the Local Government Reform Act 2014 was implemented.
It has 16 members elected using the open list proportional representation system.
The Council is made up of 60 councillors, elected from nine district electoral areas across the city, most representing the more heavily populated north and west.
Moreover, members of the Cabinet are responsible solely to the House of Commons.
It is composed of 462 members directly elected by the population.
The Lok Sabha is the Lower house of India's bicameral Parliament, with the Upper house being the Rajya Sabha.
The Romblon Provincial Federation of Sangguniang Kabataan is the official association of elected Sangguniang Kabataan presidents in the province of Romblon.
Kurnool Municipal Corporation is a civic body of Kurnool in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
The IKP holds two sessions per year, each covering a span of four months out of the year.
The Forty-first Oklahoma Legislature was a meeting of the legislative branch of the government of Oklahoma, composed of the Senate and the House of Representatives.
As a result, Kotahitanga members unanimously voted for its dissolution at the 10th Parliament at Waiōmatatini in 1902.
The lower house of parliament is the House of Representatives.
The unicameral parliament has 63 members, and is elected every four years based on Party-list proportional representation.
However, the SVP and Green Party both did relatively well, as did the new centrist Green Liberal Party, which won five seats.
Its 103 members are elected in 57 districts by single non-transferable vote to four-year terms.
The current president of the national assembly is Maja Gojković since 23 April 2014.
He is assisted by the Deputy President of the Senate.
The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the provisions of the First Illinois Constitution.
The Chamber of Deputies is the lower house of the Congress of the Union, the bicameral legislature of Mexico.
On 22 March 2010, Radio New Zealand International reported that President Marcus Stephen had dissolved Parliament in readiness for elections on 24 April 2010.
It provides the upper tier of local government, below which are district councils, and town and parish councils.
The first truly democratic elections were held in 2006.
The Shura Council was the upper house of the formerly bicameral Parliament of Egypt.
The members of the 9th General Assembly of Newfoundland were elected in the Newfoundland general election held in November 1865.
As a result of the partition, under the Mountbatten plan a separate constituent assembly was established in Pakistan on 3 June 1947.
Because the new country of Canada was a federation, the Parliament's powers were divided between levels of government.
The value of the Newfoundland dollar was set to the same value as the Canadian dollar.
Blackpool Council is the local authority of Blackpool, Lancashire, England.
In 2014 it had an annual budget of more than £1 billion and was the biggest employer in Cornwall with a staff of 12,429 salaried workers.
All members of the National Legislature serve six-year terms.
Bills passed by both houses are given Royal Assent by the Youth governor and handed to the state Government and Opposition for consideration.
The Senate reviews legislation from a less partisan standpoint and the monarch or viceroy provides Royal Assent to make bills into law.
In the elections of 8 November 2000, with a turnout of 80% only non-partisans were elected.
In theory, the UK's supreme legislative power is vested in the Crown-in-Parliament.
It was preceded by the 1st Illinois General Assembly.
The first Philippine Commission was appointed by President William McKinley on January 20, 1899 to make recommendations.
96 members are directly elected through a system of party-list proportional representation and serve five-year terms.
It replaced the earlier London County Council which had covered a much smaller area.
Eastern District Council is the district council for the Eastern District in Hong Kong.
solapur municipality is one of the oldest in India founded in 1860's and was given municipal corporation status in 1963.
The administrative support for the legislature is provided by the South Dakota Legislative Research Council.
It is unicameral, and consists of 42 members elected by a system of party-list proportional representation.
The 47-seat lower house consists of 23 Labor, 20 Liberal and 4 independents.
Through the House of Burgesses, the Virginia House of Delegates is considered the oldest continuous legislative body in the New World.
Parliament Security Services is solely responsible for management of access control and regulation of people, material and vehicles within the historical and prestigious Parliament House Complex.
The Parliament of Sri Lanka is the 225-member unicameral legislature of Sri Lanka.
Edward P. Morris of the People's Party was asked to form a government but the assembly was unable to choose a speaker and was dissolved.
The Batangas Provincial Board is the Sangguniang Panlalawigan of the Philippine province of Batangas.
Elections are held in even numbered years on the first Tuesday after the first Monday in November.
The House of Delegates is presided over by the Speaker of the House, while the Senate is presided over by the Lieutenant Governor of Virginia.
The Parliament is the "first institution" of the EU, and shares equal legislative and budgetary powers with the Council.
State legislators successfully impeached Governor Henry S. Johnston during the legislative session.
Ward 64 - Chandpol, Palli Walo ka Rasta, Hanuman Mandir, Choti Chaupad
The premier acts as Manitoba's head of government, while the Queen of Canada acts as its head of state.
It is advised by the Ntlo ya Dikgosi, which is not a house of Parliament.
It is composed of 40 senators representing an equal amount of districts, each with a population of at least 60,000 inhabitants.
The Republican Minority leader of the House was Frank W. Davis.
It existed from 1861 until the dissolution of Austria-Hungary in 1918.
The Rhode Island Senate is the upper house of the Rhode Island General Assembly, the state legislature of the US state of Rhode Island.
The Negeri Sembilan State Legislative Assembly is the state legislature of the Malaysian state of Negeri Sembilan.
It consists of seven members elected at large by the citizens of Federal Way.
It has 30 state deputies elected by proportional representation.
The Legislature is a bicameral body, consisting of the lower house Nevada Assembly, with 42 members, and the upper house Nevada Senate, with 21 members.
The earliest Sabor of the Kingdom of Croatia and Dalmatia dates to 1351.
Kolhapur municipality was established on 12 October 1854.
The newly formed National Legislature, whose members were chosen in mid-2005, has two chambers.
The sectoral congressmen represent the minority sectors of the population.
Ward 75 - Gurjarghati, Brahmpuri Bypaaa Road, Kagdiwara, Chhipiwara
The Legislative Assembly convenes in the west chamber of the 19-story Art Deco state capitol building in Bismarck.
By extension, the term The Consulate also refers to this period of French history.
Based in the city of Exeter, the council covers the non-metropolitan county area of Devon.
It includes the villages of Hugglescote and Donington le Heath, each of which is about 1 mile south of the centre of Coalville.
The Central and Western District Council is the district council for the Central and Western District in Hong Kong.
This system makes it easier for minor parties to gain election and possibly gain the balance of power.
The Osaka Prefectural Assembly is the legislature of Osaka Prefecture.
The commission consists of the commissioner plus nine commission members appointed to serve a one-year term by the Sarawak State Government.
The Congress also called for another Continental Congress in the event that their petition was unsuccessful in halting enforcement of the Intolerable Acts.
The 13th Northwest Territories Legislative Assembly was the 20th assembly of the territorial government and it lasted from 1995 to 1999.
The two debating halls have designated seats for the deputies, senators and the Marshals, equipped with voting devices, used by the deputies and senators to vote.
The leader of the majority party in the Belize House typically becomes Prime Minister of Belize.
A single-party unicameral People's Assembly replaced the Parliament in 1974.
The Council was composed by 76 members.
The Chiayi City Council is the elected city council of Chiayi City, Taiwan.
The States of North Brabant vɑn ˈnoːrd ˈbraːbɑnt]) are the States-Provincial for the Dutch province of North Brabant.
Within single coalitions, seats are divided between the parties using a D'Hondt system.
It held its regular and special sessions at the Philippine International Convention Center.
A regular session can last until thirty days before the opening of its next regular session in the succeeding year.
Of total population, 77% are Muslims, of which 65% follow Shia Islam.
The council was renamed on 1 January 1980.
It has 11 members elected using the open list proportional representation system.
15 electoral districts are multi-member districts, two are single-member district where SNTV becomes equivalent to First-past-the-post voting.
Typically, the two largest coalitions in a district divide the seats, one each, among themselves.
The body also sat in judgment of judicial appeals cases.
there are seven elected members in the council.
There are 48 districts, called wilayat, in Algeria and 4 overseas constituencies which send representatives to this body.
The legislature is officially unicameral and nonpartisan, making Nebraska unique among U.S. states; no other state has either a unicameral or a nonpartisan legislative body.
All senators serve four-year terms, though regional legislatures may recall their appointees at any time.
The legislative session lasts 40 working days in odd-numbered years, and 35 days working days in even numbered years.
VUC is responsible for providing a variety of local public services including roads, sanitation, drains, housing, libraries, public parks and recreational facilities.
The House of Lords is the only upper house of any bicameral parliament to be larger than its respective lower house.
It convenes in Schwerin and currently consists of 71 members of four Parties.
The constitution names the assembly as one of the country's organs of supreme authority.
The Parliament of Tasmania is a parliamentary constitutional monarchy, formed in 1856.
The council was created by the London Government Act 1963 and replaced three local authorities: Hornsey Borough Council, Tottenham Borough Council and Wood Green Borough Council.
Besides creating and reviewing Barbadian legislation, the Senate generally reviews approved legislation originating from the House of Assembly.
The 1980 session was marked by the elimination of the Legislative Council, the Nursing Reform Act and the implementation of teacher testing and professional development.
The People's Assembly of the Republic of Abkhazia is the unicameral legislature of the Republic of Abkhazia.
Ward 1 - Ted Emond and Sarah Valiquette-Thompson
It has 12 members elected using the open list proportional representation system.
The PLC was inaugurated for the first time on 7 March 1996 and served as the legislature of the Palestinian National Authority for 11 years.
The premier acts as Saskatchewan's head of government, while the Lieutenant Governor, as representative of the Queen of Canada, acts as its head of state.
It has 136 seats, to which members are elected by direct popular vote, using mixed member proportional representation in 43 electoral districts, to serve four-year terms.
There are no term limits for either chamber.
The 2nd Assembly was inaugurated on October 5, 1983, with the emergence of with the election of Oladimeji Longe as speaker.
The Slovenian Parliament is the informal designation of the general representative body of the Slovenian nation and the legislative body of the Republic of Slovenia.
The assembly was established in 2000 and meets at City Hall on the south bank of the River Thames, close to Tower Bridge.
Congressional districts are apportioned to states by population using the United States Census results, provided that each state has at least one congressional representative.
The House of Keys is the directly elected lower branch of Tynwald, the parliament of the Isle of Man, the other branch being the Legislative Council.
Elections are held every five years and are by single transferable vote.
Each district elects one Senator and two Assemblymen.
Elections are held in the last 30 days of each five-year term.
There were 308 members in the last parliament, but that number has risen to 338 following the election on Monday October 19, 2015.
The Republicans took control of the Senate for the first time in history after a January 1998 special election.
The whole council is elected once every four years.
The Bremische Bürgerschaft is the legislative branch of the Free Hanseatic City of Bremen in Germany.
It was called in response to "The passage of the Coercive Acts" by the British Parliament.
Prescott Emerson was chosen as speaker, serving until 1877.
The Anti-Confederation Party led by Charles Fox Bennett won the election and Bennett served as Newfoundland's premier.
The Oklahoma Legislature meets annually in the Oklahoma State Capitol in Oklahoma City.
The unicameral National Assembly is the legislative body of the Republic of Cape Verde.
The assembly elects the executive board that acts as the collective executive for the regional government, headed by the province's marshal.
Ward 68 - Shastri Nagar Circle, Subash Colony
The municipal corporation consists of democratically elected members, is headed by a mayor and administers the city's infrastructure and public services.
This newly formed nation then acceded to Russia which ultimately transferred the Crimean Parliament under a newly formed federal subject of Russia.
Legislators are elected directly by the people from single member districts of equal population.
The Speaker is usually a member of the majority party and, as Speaker, becomes the most powerful member of the House.
Senators, senators in waiting, members of the House of Commons, and criminal inmates are ineligible.
In 1974, the strength of the Legislative assembly was increased to the present strength of 60 members.
Prior to the Lancashire County Council election, 2009, the county had been under Labour control since 1985.
Under the Northwest Territories Act, the assembly is officially defined under federal law as "Legislative Council".
Established in 1979, it meets in Inatsisartut, on the islet of Nuuk Center in central Nuuk.
In the Federal Republic of Germany the expression Länderkammer is sometimes used to denote the Bundesrat although it is not considered to be a parliament chamber.
The assembly convenes in the House of the National Assembly in Belgrade.
Members are also able to ask questions to find out information and to hold Ministers to account.
The leader of that party becomes the Premier of Tasmania, and his/her senior colleagues become ministers responsible for various portfolios.
The Prime Minister may also dissolve the Knesset.
Current state law provides for the maximum number of members.
The leader and cabinet model of decision-making was adopted by the city council in 2001.
The Kuyavian-Pomeranian Regional Assembly is the regional legislature of the Voivodeship of Kuyavia-Pomerania in Poland.
The Missouri General Assembly is the state legislature of the U.S. state of Missouri.
Both houses can create bills, but bills must pass both houses before it can be submitted to the governor and enacted into law.
The President of the Reichstag throughout this period was Hermann Göring.
The Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, represented by the Governor General of the Canadas;
The parliament is among other things responsible for the law, the election of the Erster Bürgermeister for the election period and the control of the Senate.
The Legislative Assembly of Roraima is the unicameral legislature of Roraima state in Brazil.
However the Governor can call a special session of the legislature at any time.
The Metropolitan Board of Works was the principal instrument of London-wide government from December 1855 until the establishment of the London County Council in March 1889.
Martin Hamilton-Smith became an independent shortly after the election, reducing the Liberals to 21 seats.
Since May 2014 the council comprises 45 Conservative Party, 15 Labour Party and 3 Ukip members.
Sir Terence O'Brien served as colonial governor of Newfoundland.
It was established under Article VI of the West Virginia Constitution following the state's split from Virginia during the American Civil War in 1863.
JUC is responsible for providing a variety of local public services including roads, sanitation, drains, housing, libraries, public parks and recreational facilities.
The Imperial Council was dissolved on 12 November 1918, following Austria-Hungary's defeat in the First World War.
The Social Liberal Union formed a majority in the Council, holding 67.3% of the seats.
was appointed as first Commissioner of the Corporation w.e.f.
The board consists of seven members elected at-large.
The municipal council is the second oldest and largest local government authority in Sri Lanka.
The State Council of the Komi Republic is the unicameral legislature of the Komi Republic in Russia.
Sir Stephen John Hill served as colonial governor of Newfoundland.
The Prussian House of Lords in Berlin was the upper house of the Preußischer Landtag, the parliament of Prussia from 1850 to 1918.
One main constraint on the Senate is that it cannot author monetary or budget-related bills.
However the district councils of those areas of Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire are represented on the combined authority as non-constituent members.
United National Party has always held power in Kandy Municipal Council other than 2011-2015.
In 2009, a referendum was held to consult the population about turning the parliament into a unicameral body and reducing the number of representatives to 300.
This is a legacy of the original apportionment of the chamber.
The Bangkok Metropolitan Administration is the local government of Bangkok, which includes the capital of the Kingdom of Thailand.
When constituted as a legislature, it is officially called the States of Deliberation.
The Whau Local Board is one of the 21 local boards of the Auckland Council, which replaced Auckland's previous eight councils on 1 November 2010.
As a county council, it is governed by the Local Government Act 2001.
Valikamam East Divisional Council is the local authority for Valikamam East DS Division in northern Sri Lanka.
It was established in 1889 as a result of the Local Government Act 1888.
Elections are held no more than five years apart.
The general assembly sat from March 19, 1957 to July 28, 1959.
It comprises 120 members called honorable deputies, who are elected to four-year terms, by direct universal suffrage, from 60 two-member electoral districts.
All senatorial districts are divided to contain a population on average of 43,300 state residents.
The numerical denomination 1st was applied when the 2nd Council of the Northwest Territories was created to differentiate between the two councils.
The municipal corporation consists of democratically elected members, is headed by a mayor and administers the city's governance, infrastructure and administration.
It consists of 50 members elected every 4 years using open-list proportional representation in one multi-member nationwide constituency.
This council was established after the city was officially granted city status on 1 August 1988.
The Liberal Party led by William Whiteway formed the government.
The Council meets in the John A. Wilson Building in downtown Washington.
The council area elects 70 Councillors from 35 wards.
It was created by The Union Act of 1840.
In addition, the City Council, in a joint effort with Rapid Penang, runs a free shuttle bus service within the heart of George Town.
Outside the city, responsibility is shared between Derbyshire County Council and various district or borough councils, such as Derbyshire Dales, High Peak, Erewash and Chesterfield.
Kachin State Hluttaw is the legislature of Kachin State in Myanmar.
The Constituent Assembly of Lithuania was democratically elected in 1920 to draft and adopt the 1922 constitution of Lithuania.
Members are elected by universal suffrage for a term of 4 years.
One of the objectives of the assembly was to define an institutional government system for the republic.
Council members are elected to four year terms with the last election being on October 27, 2014.
Wexford County Council is the authority responsible for local government in County Wexford, Ireland.
Establishment of municipality initiated planning of modern Kolhapur city of Maharashtra state.
It is a majoritarian system, with the outcome decided by overall majorities in single-member constituencies.
North Yorkshire County Council is the county council that governs the non-metropolitan county of North Yorkshire in England.
The members of the 25th General Assembly of Newfoundland were elected in the Newfoundland general election held in May 1923.
On December 20, 2006, incumbent Valentina Matviyenko was approved governor with forty votes in favor and three votes against.
Members are directly elected in single-member districts using a two-round voting system where candidates must receive an absolute majority of votes in order to win.
Elections were most recently held in October 2009.
The Parliament Security Service plays an important operational activity during the Presidential election.
Every ten years, they aid in drawing new boundaries for Oklahoma's electoral districts.
As a county council, it was governed by the Local Government Act 2001.
The Sovereign forms the third component of the legislature.
Three of the six seats are elected in November every odd-numbered year.
It was first elected in 1970, when the ordinary regions were instituted, on the basis of the Constitution of Italy of 1948.
The second seat in the 2007-2011 of the meetings was located in Vicenza in villa Bonin Maistrello, via dell'oreficeria 21.
The European Parliament is the directly elected parliamentary institution of the European Union.
The Iowa General Assembly is the legislative branch of the state government of Iowa.
Most African Americans did not regain the power to vote until after passage of the Voting Rights Act of 1965.
The House has 120 members, each elected from a single-member district with a population of about 157,000.
The elections are held every five years and any Tibetan who has reached the age of 18 is entitled to vote.
The Kurdistan Parliament, Arabic: المجلس الوطني لكوردستان), also called the Iraqi Kurdistan Parliament, is the parliament of Iraqi Kurdistan.
Ward 66 - Chandpol Gate, Qureshi Colony, Vivekanand Colony, Painter Colony, Azad Colony
The Ahmednagar Municipal Corporation is the governing body of the city of Ahmednagar in the Indian state of Maharashtra.
Members of the Legislative Assembly have the initialism MP after their names.
The assembly has 14 or 15 members, 11 of whom are elected for a five-year term in single-seat constituencies and are known as Representatives.
It is one of 18 district council.
Each house elects its own directorate: a President, first and second Vice Presidents, and three or four Secretaries.
To identify itself as a continuation of the Spanish parliamentary tradition, the Cortes was seated at the Palace of the Cortes, Madrid.
It is situated in the capital Gandhinagar.
Mayor of Kandy and the council members are elected through local government elections held once in five years.
The Legislative Assembly of Lower Canada was the lower house of the bicameral structure of provincial government in Lower Canada until 1838.
It is also known in English as the Legislative Council of Macao, according to the official translation of the territory's basic law.
The county council has 78 elected councillors, and is based in the county town of Winchester.
Jaipur Development Authority is the nodal government agency responsible for the planning and development of Jaipur.Jaipur consists of two parliamentary constituencies Jaipur and Jaipur Rural.
The council headquarters are located in the town of Clydach Vale.
Since the Proclamation of the Republic in 1889 the Federal Senate has resembled the United States Senate.
Leeds City Council is the local authority of the City of Leeds in West Yorkshire, England.
The council was formed under the Municipalities Ordinance of 1865 and first met in 1866.
However, elections for the district councils were not held in the 2005 parliamentary elections.
Members are elected in the general election immediately preceding the beginning of the term or in special elections called to fill vacancies.
The Congress meets annually in its Brasília seat from 2 February to 27 July and from 1 August to 22 December.
During the financial year 2014-15 Wilmslow Town Council paid a number of grants to local charities, voluntary groups and organisations to support their work and projects.
Until 2001, the council was known as "Dublin Corporation".
Sir Stephen John Hill served as colonial governor of Newfoundland.
Both sit at Parliament House in the state capital, Sydney.
Mackenzie's government agreed to provide aid, but demanded that the Legislative Council be eliminated as a cost cutting measure.
The most recent elections to the House of Assembly were held on 13 December 2010.
The House was housed in the old State Council building in Galle Face Green, Colombo and met for the first time on 14 October 1947.
On 1 April 2009, the Bedfordshire County Council ceased to exist, and so Bedford Borough Council and Central Bedfordshire Council were formed.
Its justification was that the abolition of the monarchy by the Derg was extra-constitutional and carried out illegally.
Lawmakers must be at least 21 years of age and a resident of the district in which they serve for at least two years.
The majority of delegates are ethnic Serbs, while some represent Gorani, Bosniak and Romani communities.
The Council's offices are in Letchworth, the largest settlement in the district.
As a county council, it is governed by the Local Government Act 2001.
Henry Y. Mott was chosen as speaker.
Frederick Russell succeeded McGrath as lieutenant governor.
Ward 46 - Raja Park, Birla temple, Moti Dungri, Tilak Nagar
With 40 representatives, the Alaska House is the smallest state legislative lower house in the United States.
Presently, the Assembly comprises 23 members of the PDP and 2 members of the APC with a vacant seat.
Most post-war governments have been minority coalitions ruling with the support of non-government parties.
Now there is a term limit of two four-year terms for council members and the mayor.
House members serve a term of six years and senators serve a term of nine years, with sitting members allowed to seek re-election.
The current chairperson of the assembly is Jerzy Borcz.
Following the May 2014 election, Islington Council comprises 47 Labour Party councillors and 1 Green Party councillor.
The Sabor is presided over by a Speaker, who is assisted by at least one deputy speaker.
The Vermont Senate is the upper house of the Vermont General Assembly, the state legislature of Vermont.
The South Carolina House of Representatives is the lower house of the South Carolina General Assembly, the upper house being the South Carolina Senate.
It is the sole body given the legislative prerogatives by the Turkish Constitution.
The Senate now only plays a very minor role in the federal legislative process.
For the second session which started in 1850, the assembly met in the newly constructed Colonial Building.
The state legislature met in regular session from January 7 to May 8, 1947, during the term of Governor Roy J. Turner.
It is a unicameral parliamentary body consisting of forty-five councillors elected for a four-year term.
The county administration is headed by a Chief Executive, Tim Lucey  The county seat is Cork County Hall in Cork.
The agency is under the purview of Sarawak Ministry of Local Government and Community Development.
The Soviet of the Republic was established in 1989, as one of the chambers of the formerly unicameral Supreme Soviet, and elected in 1990.
The East African Legislative Assembly is a sub-organ of the larger East African Community, being the legislative arm of the Community.
The original capitol building located nearby has not been used by the Legislature on a regular basis since 1985, when it closed for renovations.
Previously most of the borough was part of Hampshire.
Anantapur Municipal Corporation is a civic body of Anantapur in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Madras State was renamed as Tamil Nadu in 1969 and subsequently the assembly came to be called as "Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly".
Many of the legislators would become prominent figures during the territorial years of Oregon.
After a successful period of four centuries, surviving plague and many other challenges governance of the borough descended into chaos after the restoration in 1660.
It also elects individuals to some positions in the executive and judiciary as specified by law.
The council composes of 30 councilors lastly elected through the 2014 Republic of China local election on 29 November 2014.
There were 2 by-elections conducted during the interim.
The latest election was held on 22 November 2015.
It consists of 15 deputies who are popularly elected from state legislatorial districts.
The parliament itself is without an official name; the Constitution refers only to the Sejm and the Senate.
Its most important function is to elect and control the state government.
The general assembly sat from 1924 to 1928.
The Illinois Senate convenes at the Illinois State Capitol in Springfield, Illinois.
Members are elected from single-member districts, all apportioned to roughly equal populations after each decennial Census.
The First Republican Constitution of Sri Lanka, adopted on 22 May 1972, replaced the House of Representatives with the unicameral National State Assembly.
On October 10, known as Black Monday, the Commercial Bank closed.
The High Constitutional Court referred the lawsuit to the State Commissioners' Board, which is the advisory board of the High Constitutional Court, on 15 January 2013.
The council has 60 members elected for a five-year term.
The National Assembly consists of 450 directly elected members.
It is also responsible for adopting the state's budgets and approving the state's accounts.
Assembly members serve two-year terms, elected every odd-numbered year in November.
Its 41 seats are distributed every four years in provincial elections.
The Chairman and the Deputy Chairman of the Council are chosen by the council at the first regular meeting in odd-numbered years.
The Congress of People's Deputies of the Soviet Union was the highest body of state authority of the Soviet Union from 1989 to 1991.
The Albuquerque City Council is the elected legislative authority of the city of Albuquerque, New Mexico.
It is a London borough council, one of 32 in the United Kingdom capital of London.
The latest election was held on 22 November 2015.
The sessions were held in Grand Kremlin Palace.
The Politburo is nominally elected by the Central Committee.
This has been the only period since independence that saw any meaningful opposition to presidential decisions.
The assembly is not part of the government of the Republic of Kosovo.
Together with the Dewan Perwakilan Rakyat,, it makes up the Indonesian national legislative body, the Majelis Permusyawaratan Rakyat.
The Court of Aldermen is made up of the twenty five aldermen of the City of London, presided over by the Lord Mayor.
There are 2 Zones and 54 election wards in this municipality.
It contains six wards, electing 20 councillors between them.
Bexley London Borough Council is the local authority for the London Borough of Bexley in Greater London, England.
The Legislative Council serves as a house of review, in a similar fashion to its federal counterpart, the Australian Senate.
Members are elected using the preferential voting system.
In the current session, Democrats control 27 seats, comprising a two-thirds supermajority of the chamber.
The present All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam Government has expressed its intent not to revive the Tamil Nadu Legislative Council.
16/1960, the assembly was formed after the first general election of 1971.
The National Diet Building is located in Nagatachō, Chiyoda, Tokyo.
Leicestershire County Council is the county council for the English non-metropolitan county of Leicestershire.
There is no nominated member in the House, all the members are elected on the basis of adult franchise from single-seat constituencies.
William Anthony Paddon served as lieutenant governor of Newfoundland until 1986.
It was the first elected assembly in British North America west of Ontario.
The Oregon Legislative Assembly is the state legislature for the U.S. state of Oregon.
A session lasts for 60 days unless the legislature votes to extend it.
There also exists a body known as Ntlo ya Dikgosi,, which is an advisory body that does not form part of the Parliament.
Ward 62 - Kalyanji ka Rasta, Topkhane ka Rasta, Darbar School
The constitution of the 1st Regional Legislature was written on 27 June 1976.
Letterkenny Town Council was the local authority for the town of Letterkenny in County Donegal, Ireland.
As of 2011 there were 121 members in the parliament, representing a relatively equal amount of constituencies.
Later in 1980 it started meeting at the premises of the Alavese government.
Unlike politburos of other Communist parties, power within the politburo is centralized in the Politburo Standing Committee.
The Thrissur Municipal Corporation is the civic body that governs the Thrissur city in Kerala, India.
Its second seat is located in the former West German capital of Bonn.
It was founded on 22 September 2003.
The Philippine Commission was the name of two bodies, both appointed by the President of the United States to assist with governing the Philippines.
Elections coincide with those for the canton's executive body, the Council of State.
In 1801, with the union of Great Britain and Ireland, that house was in turn replaced by the House of Commons of the United Kingdom.
The legislature was first established in 1758.
The Chairman of the State Assembly is Konstantin Tolkachov from March 1999.
Dublin County Council was a local authority for the administrative county of County Dublin in the Republic of Ireland.
Of the 225 members, 196 are elected from 22 electoral districts, which are multi-member.
The first elections in Upper Canada, in which only land-owning males were permitted to vote, were held in August 1792.
Rochdale Metropolitan Borough Council is the local authority of the Metropolitan Borough of Rochdale in Greater Manchester, England.
The current National Assembly was formed following two rounds of parliamentary elections, held on 24 November and 15 December.
The Parliamentary Assembly of Bosnia and Herzegovina is the bicameral legislative body of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The House of Representatives currently consists of 150 members, elected by and representing single member districts, known as electoral divisions.
Their jurisdiction covers an area of 243 square kilometres.
The council composes of 55 councilors lastly elected through the 2014 Republic of China local election on 29 November 2014.
Government is formed in the lower house while the upper is a house of review.
The Andean Parliament has a Headquarter, located in Bogotá, administered by the Secretary General.
The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the provisions of the First Illinois Constitution.
The upper chamber, the Legislative Council, was abolished in 1922.
Alternating between Conservative administration and no overall control from 1965 to 2014, the council is now run by the Labour Party.
On December 8, 1894, London banks suspended credit to the Commercial Bank of Newfoundland and requested payment on some of its loans.
The Prime Minister or a majority of the members can call an extra session.
The Corts Valencianesz valensiˈanes]), commonly known as Les Cortss]), are the main legislative body of the Generalitat Valenciana and therefore of the Valencian Community.
The most recent election in Balochistan was 2013.
The General Assembly meets in joint session to elect judges, with all 170 members having an equal vote in such elections.
It is one of three local authorities that comprised the former Dublin County Council before its abolition and one of four councils in the Dublin Region.
The South Carolina Senate is the upper house of the South Carolina General Assembly, the lower house being the South Carolina House of Representatives.
The President Pro Tempore of the Senate becomes the Lieutenant Governor of Pennsylvania in the event of the sitting Lieutenant Governor's removal, resignation or death.
The Parliament of the Republic of Singapore and the President jointly make up the legislature of Singapore, which is based on the Westminster system.
The GMCA appoints a Chair and Vice-Chairs, from among its ten executive members.
The Senate of Iran was the upper house legislative chamber in Iran from 1949 to 1979.
Most cabinet ministers are from the Commons, whilst junior ministers can be from either House.
The Nashik Municipal Corporation is the governing body of the city of Nashik in the Indian state of Maharashtra.
From 1842 to 1848, the elected House of Assembly and appointed Legislative Council sat together as a single Amalgamated Assembly.
Two of the state's 35 legislative districts, Districts 26 and 28, are each subdivided into two single-member districts.
The Bundesrat meets at the former Prussian House of Lords in Berlin.
It has 30 Members of Parliament, MPs are directly elected in single member constituencies using the simple-majority system for a term of five years.
The National Assembly is also called in order to
It is situated in the Nariman Point area of South Mumbai in the capital Mumbai.
The legislature convenes at the Hawaii State Capitol building in the state capital of Honolulu, on the island of Oahu.
Unlike the lower house, the New Zealand House of Representatives, the Legislative Council was appointed.
It is a unitary authority, having the powers of a non-metropolitan county and district council combined.
Senate districting divides the 30 members into three single-member districts, six two-member districts, three three-member districts, and one six-member district.
The IKP works by committees that focus on certain areas such as legal affairs, education and higher education, finance and economy, or relations and culture.
The Parliament of Algeria consists of two chambers:
The current speaker is Peter Gassieva, member of parliament for United Ossetia.
The assembly is also able to investigate other issues of importance to Londoners, publish its findings and recommendations, and make proposals to the Mayor.
The Legislative Assembly comprises 60 Members of Legislative Assembly directly elected from single-seat constituencies.
In 2002, the Oregon Supreme Court struck down the decade-old Oregon Ballot Measure 3, that had restricted State Senators to two terms on procedural grounds.
NPC has 38 members elected using the open list proportional representation system.
The modern Chechen parliament was established in 2003 after the Constitution of Chechnya was approved in a referendum.
Since the Local Government Act 1972 Ipswich has been a Non-metropolitan district with borough status.
The Municipal Corporation of Faridabad is the Municipal Corporation responsible for the city of Faridabad in Haryana state.
Limerick City Council was the smallest local council in Ireland by area and 30th in terms of population.
It has undergone many transformations as a result of the country's tumultuous history.
Twenty members of the first Council were elected in the first ever elections for the Council held on December 31, 2007 and January 29, 2008.
The Georgia State Senate is the upper house of the Georgia General Assembly.
The 1926 Constitution lowered the minimum to once a year.
Offices of members are located north of the State Capitol in the Minnesota Senate Building, where the Senate holds committee meetings.
Prince Zera Yacob is considered to be the Crown Prince of Ethiopia.
The last elections were on 10 April 2011.
The Kotahitanga movement was an autonomous Māori Parliament convened annually in New Zealand from 1892 until 1902.
For a bill to become law, it must be passed by both the Legislative Council and the Legislative Assembly, and receive royal assent from the Governor.
The President of the Chamber is second in the presidential line of succession while the President of the Senate is third.
Its decisions can only be overruled by Iran's Supreme Leader.
The Vidhan Sabha comprises 91 Members of Legislative Assembly, which include 90 members directly elected from single-seat constituencies and one nominated from the Anglo-Indian community.
The 2012 elections, held on 7 May, resulted in a new parliament that, for the first time in four decades, is based on a multi-party system.
Local government is divided between Cambridgeshire County Council and Peterborough City Council, which is a separate unitary authority.
The Legislature is the third smallest bicameral state legislature in the United States.
The President of Iran is ex officio the chairman of the Council.
The Bogotá City Council is the highest Political and second highest Administrative Authority of Bogotá, Colombia.
The state of Karnataka is divided into 225 constituencies used to elect the Legislative assembly.
Wong Tai Sin District currently consists of 25 members, of which the district is divided into 25 constituencies, electing a total of 25 members.
Weligama Urban Council is the local authority for the town of Weligama in the Matara District, Southern Province, Sri Lanka.
VDC is responsible for providing a variety of local public services including roads, sanitation, drains, housing, libraries, public parks and recreational facilities.
Its main mission was to develop a new constitution replacing the old 1933 Constitution.
Its strength was increased to the present 235 in 1965.
Løgting is the unicameral parliament of the Faroe Islands, a self-ruling dependency of Denmark.
The current National Assembly was formed following elections on 28 November 2014.
It stipulated that half be elected under a system of proportional representation and half by plurality-at-large voting in traditional constituencies.
The Council is the equivalent of the Roman Senate during the Roman Republic.
The Assembly meets at the Sabah State Legislative Assembly Building at Likas in the state capital of Kota Kinabalu.
Currently the council is controlled by the Labour Party.
The States General originated in the 15th century as an assembly of all the provincial states of the Burgundian Netherlands.
It added a senate by constitutional amendment.
It is part of the Mumbai Metropolitan Region and Thane district in Konkan division.
The council composes of 37 councilors lastly elected through the 2014 Republic of China local election on 29 November 2014.
Newport City Council is the governing body for the city of Newport, one of the subdivisions of Wales within the United Kingdom.
It is composed of 100 Representatives elected from single-member districts throughout the Commonwealth.
The Tibetan Parliament-in-Exile keeps in touch with people also through Local Parliaments established in thirty-eight major Tibetan communities.
The municipal council is the second oldest and largest local government authority in Sri Lanka.
The 47-seat house consists of 23 Labor, 20 Liberal and 4 independents.
The National Parliament of Papua New Guinea is the unicameral national legislature in Papua New Guinea.
Limerick County Council was the authority responsible for local government in County Limerick, Ireland.
The House of Representatives is the lower house of the Congress of Colombia.
The political power shifted from CPL to the Soviet, which adopted a number of important constitutional amendments and laws, paving the way for the independence.
The People's National Assembly, abbreviated APN, is the lower house of the Algerian Parliament.
The Assembly was elected as part of general elections on 12 October 2014.
The Speaker of the 6th Legislative Assembly was Rt.
The Convention sat as a single-chamber assembly from 20 September 1792 to 26 October 1795.
The body consists of 49 members, each representing a district with a population of nearly 140,000.
The current majority is a coalition of the Social Democratic Party and The Greens, supporting the cabinet of Minister-President Stephan Weil.
These members represent Washington, D.C., Puerto Rico, American Samoa, Guam, the Northern Mariana Islands and the U.S. Virgin Islands.
The Kiribati voters last went to the polls on 30 December 2015 to elect 44 MPs in 23 electoral districts.
The parliament building, built in 1937, was heavily damaged in the 2008 South Ossetia war.
It convenes in the Parliament House, Dusit District, Bangkok.
The Gauteng Provincial Legislature is the legislature of the South African province of Gauteng.
Elections are staggered so that two-thirds of the upper house is up for election at one time and the remaining one-third four years later.
Thus elections for Senate seats take place in years ending with a "1", "3" or "7".
The county administration is headed by a Chief Executive, Gerard Murphy.
Democrats hold a 50-48 majority in the House of Representatives.
The council is responsible for housing and community, roads and transportation, urban planning and development, amenity and culture, and environment.
The Speaker or, in his absence the Deputy Speaker and Chairman of Committees or the Deputy Chairman of Committees, presides over Parliament.
The council includes Faisal Fulad, an activist accused in the Bandargate scandal of illegally receiving a monthly stipend of BD500 for fomenting sectarian hatred.
It is currently constituted in terms of Chapter Six of the Constitution of South Africa, which defines the structure of the provincial governments.
Canada East and Canada West each elected 42 members to the assembly.
The session laws are published in the Session Laws of Colorado.
The House is divided into Democratic and Republican caucuses.
The Assembly is the legislative branch of Turkmenistan.
In 1888, a new Elections Act was passed which defined the required qualifications for candidates for the House of Assembly.
Wakefield Metropolitan District Council is the local authority of the City of Wakefield in West Yorkshire, England.
The House of Delegates is the modern-day successor to the Virginia House of Burgesses, which first met at Jamestown in 1619.
Kensington and Chelsea London Borough Council is the local authority for the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea in Greater London, England.
There are no term limits for Senators; they may be re-elected indefinitely.
The total population residing in the Puketapapa Local Board area, as of June 2016, is 61,400.
Although it is possible for legislation to be first introduced in the Council, most bills receive their first hearing in the Legislative Assembly.
The congress consists of 130 members, who are elected for five-year periods in office on a proportional representation basis.
The council is run by a loose coalition of Labour, UKIP, Independence from the EU and Wickford independents
In 1861 they were succeeded by the Sejm of the Land.
The first phase of the signing of the Constitutional Council by the meeting July 12, 1993 finalized and agreed on it the draft Constitution.
In colonial times, the legislature was known as the Pennsylvania Provincial Assembly.
It has 19 members elected using the open list proportional representation system.
PDC is responsible for providing a variety of local public services including roads, sanitation, drains, housing, libraries, public parks and recreational facilities.
Limerick City Council was the authority responsible for local government in the city of Limerick in Ireland.
The council meets at Weston-super-Mare Town Hall.
Neath Port Talbot County Borough Council is the local governing body for Neath Port Talbot, UK.
Ward 51 - Central Jail, Transport Nagar, Amritpuri
Its members are not subject to term limits.
Hon Oladimeji Longe and the Deputy speaker was Hon Afolabi Oredoyin.
The 7th Northwest Territories Legislative Council was the 14th assembly of the territorial government.
The parish council was formed on 1 April 1974 as a successor authority of the City of Ely Urban District Council.
It begins its annual session of the second Tuesday of January each year.
In 2014, Trushna Vishwasrao became the first female corporator to be leader of the Corporation's house.
The National Council, abbreviated to NR SR, is the national parliament of Slovakia.
Following World War II the Straits Settlements were dissolved and Singapore became a colony in its own right with its own Legislative Council.
Most of the population of all religions had no vote.
East Sussex is divided into five local government districts.
The National Congress is the legislative body of Brazil's federal government.
The members of the New Jersey Legislature are chosen from 40 electoral districts.
The Assembly will likely be dissolved in 2015 if the government continues to follow the fixed election date calendar.
The current National Assembly, formed following elections held on 11 August 2016, has a total of 166 members.
All appointed members by the mayor must be approved by the Freetown City Council before taking office.
Out of the 29 PH seats, the DAP has 19 seats and PKR holds the remaining 10.
This assembly was dissolved due to the creation of Nunavut.
Zohra Drif was elected as Vice-president of the Council of the Nation on September 10, 2002, re-elected on March 7, 2007 and March 8, 2008.
It has 21 members elected using the open list proportional representation system.
The House of Representatives of Puerto Rico is the lower house of the Legislative Assembly of Puerto Rico, the bicameral territorial legislature of Puerto Rico.
The Senate convenes in the State Capitol in Jackson.
Wandsworth is divided into 20 wards, each electing three councillors.
The parliament consists of a lower house, the Legislative Assembly, an upper house, the Legislative Council and the Queen, represented by the Governor of Western Australia.
Engage with all interested parties regarding current and future shape of life in the local area
As of the 2015 general election, the National League for Democracy won the most contested seats in the legislature, based on the most recent election results.
Its executive officer consists of chairman and numbers of presidents, vice-presidents, and vice-chairmen.
There is also a Chair elected by the county at-large, bringing total Board membership to 9.
McCarty would go on to become Oklahoma's first three-term speaker.
It is a constituent council of Liverpool City Region Combined Authority.
The Weimar National Assembly was the constitutional convention and de facto parliament of Germany from 6 February 1919 to 6 June 1920.
By the early fourteenth century, the attendance of knights and freeholders had become important, and from 1326 commissioners from the burghs attended.
The central committee may appoints many of the most powerful people in the country, including general-secretaries, presidents, vice-presidents of the party.
The Parliament of Western Australia is the bicameral legislature of the Australian state of Western Australia, forming the legislative branch of the Government of Western Australia.
The Pontifical Commission for Vatican City State is the legislative body of Vatican City.
The council is responsible for creating laws and ordinances under Manila's jurisdiction.
The legislature is termed as a "citizens' assembly" Since 1885, its regular sessions occurred in odd-numbered years, beginning on the second Monday in January.
Constitution of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan
The general assembly sat from 1909 to 1913.
According to article 114 of the Constitution, the Congress amends the constitution, makes the law and exercises political control over the government and the public administration.
The Diet was first convened as the Imperial Diet in 1889 as a result of adopting the Meiji Constitution.
Basildon Borough Council is the local authority of the Borough of Basildon in Essex, England.
It was created under the 1981 constitution.
The general assembly sat from February 1874 to Fall 1874.
In the history of the Polish parliament, it succeeded the general sejm and local sejmik on part of the territories of the Prussian partition.
The council is based at Swinton Civic Centre with additional offices in Eccles.
According to state law, in the instance of a tie, control goes to the party of the sitting Governor.
During the sessions the capital of the territory was moved from Oregon City to Salem, then briefly to Corvallis, and back to Salem.
The Prime Minister then appoints his cabinet from fellow parliament members.
The borough council unsuccessfully bid to achieve city status in 2012, to celebrate the Queen's Diamond Jubilee.
The council composes of 63 councilors lastly elected through the 2014 Republic of China local election on 29 November 2014.
The consequences for such an act of defiance were severe—loss of one's job or expulsion from school, and close surveillance by the Stasi.
Prior to that, Tajikistan had a unicameral legislature.
In 1993, the internal operations of the agency and the government's Ministry of Supervision were merged.
The National Assembly - Kurultay is the supreme representative and legislative body of the Republic of Bashkortostan.
The Shanghai Municipal People's Congress is the Local legislature of the PRC.
The Ternopil Oblast Council is the regional oblast council of the Ternopil Oblast located in western Ukraine.
Members of the county council and city council were elected directly by the voters.
The Kurgan Oblast Duma is the legislative body of Kurgan Oblast, Russia.
West Riding County Council was the county council of the administrative county of the West Riding of Yorkshire from 1 April 1889 to 31 March 1974.
Its purview includes transport services, urban planning, waste management, housing, roads and highways, security services, and the environment.
Norfolk County Council is the council of Norfolk, England, which is split into seven local government districts.
The members of the 42nd General Assembly of Newfoundland were elected in the Newfoundland general election held in May 1993.
Bedford Borough Council is the local authority of the Borough of Bedford in Bedfordshire, England.
It has a total of 349 seats; 290 elected from the constituencies, 47 women elected from the counties and 12 nominated representatives.
In charge of the budget, the Assembly appropriates money for social programs, agricultural development, infrastructure development, etc.
The council meets at Cork City Hall.
Its motto is Dutch: Niet zonder arbyt, the family motto of Cornelius Vermuyden, a Dutchman who was brought to England to drain The Fens.
It is currently at 114, with members selected by two different methods.
The remote Prince Edward Islands are deemed to be part of the City of Cape Town, specifically of ward 55.
The city council was first established in San Diego in 1850.
After the 1990 election, the disposition of the parties was as follows:
It is the fourth most populous with a population of 261,185.
As provided by the Dominican Constitution, each of the 178 members of the Chamber of Deputies represents a district and serves a four-year term.
The latest election was held on 22 November 2015.
In addition, some Politburo members hold powerful regional positions.
The general assembly sat from July 11, 1949 to November 3, 1951.
Adult citizens elect the council's members, who are called National Councillors for four year terms.
Each ward elects a councillor to the BMC.
Abia State House of Assembly is the legislative arm of the Abia State Government.
All 135 representatives and state senators represent an equal amount of constituent districts.
South Ossetia has a multi-party system, and currently 4 political parties are represented in parliament.
However, Congress maintains supreme authority over the federal district and therefore all acts of the Council are subject to congressional review and may be overturned.
The Montana State Legislature meets in the state capital of Helena.
He has held the post of Leader of the Council since May 2016 after winning a leadership election against the incumbent Ann Lucas.
It elects 31 councillors every four years and has historically been represented by the Conservative Party.
The Legislative Assembly consists of two chambers, the lower North Dakota House of Representatives, with 94 representatives, and the upper North Dakota Senate, with 47 senators.
It is made up of 35 members, one representing each legislative district, and meets at the South Dakota State Capitol in Pierre.
The Local Parliaments are scaled-down replicas of the Tibetan Parliament-in-Exile.
The Legislative Council was abolished in 1986, making the legislature a unicameral body and the assembly its sole chamber.
The House, together with the Senate, control the legislative branch of the government of Puerto Rico.
Half of the senators will serve a two-year term, based on a drawing; the other half will fill regular four-year terms.
The lower house of the National Assembly is the Chamber of Deputies.
Since May 2012 the Parliament meets at the new Parliament Building in Kutaisi.
Rivers State House of Assembly is the legislative branch of the Government of Rivers State inaugurated in 1979.
Members serve for terms of four years.
Oregon State Senators serve four-year terms without term limits.
In 1990–1993 it consisted of 126 deputies.
Before 1903, candidates in British Columbia elections were not affiliated with political parties.
[1] The new mayor of Bucharest is Gabriela Firea, elected with 42,97% of the vote.
The House of Representatives convenes at the Massachusetts State House in Boston.
Monmouthshire County Council is the governing body for the Monmouthshire principal area — one of the unitary authorities of Wales.
The Alaska House of Representatives is the lower house in the Alaska Legislature, the state legislature of the U.S. state of Alaska.
Its members supposedly represented the various elements of Spanish society.
The House cannot be dissolved, as only half of its membership is elected at each election.
The Medininagar Municipal Corporation is the municipal organisation of Medininagar, India.
The President in his role as head of legislature has full powers to summon and prorogue either house of Parliament or to dissolve Lok Sabha.
The Legislative Assembly consists of eight elected members, two ex officio members, and the Speaker.
Windsor and Maidenhead is divided into 23 wards, electing 57 councillors.
Head of administration is the Municipal Commissioner, who handles day-to-day operations of the 16 departments that it is made up of.
The Central Executive Committee is the highest ruling committee within Singapore's People's Action Party and its "inner circle".
Aurangabad municipal corporation is located in Aurangabad.
Longford County Council is the authority responsible for local government in County Longford, Ireland.
Councillors must be at least 30 years old, compared with 25 years old in the House of Representatives.
In 1976, the Volkskammer moved into a specially-constructed building on Marx-Engels-Platz, the Palast der Republik.
Each member holds their seats until Parliament is dissolved which is every four years by a general election.
Following elections held in states, refugee colonies and army camps in November 1861, the 1st Confederate Congress met in four sessions.
The council is responsible for housing and community, roads and transportation, urban planning and development, amenity and culture, and environment.
In the 21st century, it serves as the seat of the executive branch as well as a museum.
Naheed Nenshi was elected mayor in October 2010 as the city's 36th.
The President of the Congress of Deputies is the analogue to a speaker and presides over debates.
The Legislature held its first regular session from February 16 to May 13, 1846.
Each constituency elects one member of the assembly.
The council’s members were appointed by the emperor.
Mon State Hluttaw is the legislature of the Burmese state of Mon State.
The Louisiana State Legislature is the state legislature of the U.S. state of Louisiana.
Two Quebec premiers, Charles-Eugène Boucher de Boucherville and John Jones Ross were members of the Legislative Council.
The current parliament was elected in 2016.
When Communism was overthrown in Hungary in August 1919, the Soviet Assembly was replaced by a unicameral parliament.
Senators serve six-year terms, running concurrently with the President of Mexico.
Members of the House serve two year terms without term limits.
The Fifth Provincial Parliament was elected on 7 May 2014 in South Africa's 2014 general elections.
KDC is responsible for providing a variety of local public services including roads, sanitation, drains, housing, libraries, public parks and recreational facilities.
It is organized as a bicameral body consisting of the Senate, the upper house, and the House of Representatives, the lower house.
Thanet District Council is the local government body for the Thanet district.
By this time, Macdonald had been replaced as Prime Minister by Alexander Mackenzie.
It is a unitary authority, having the powers of a non-metropolitan county and district council combined.
It is a unicameral elected body that creates and amends law in the Northwest Territories.
It was restored in 1844 and moved to Reykjavík, where it has resided ever since.
It consists of 55 councillors, representing a total of 20 wards, elected every four years.
Members of the Republican Party are currently the majority in the Senate.
AUC is responsible for providing a variety of local public services including roads, sanitation, drains, housing, libraries, public parks and recreational facilities.
It was succeeded by Waterford City and County Council.
It is headed by a mayor, who presides over 200 councillors each of whom represents one of the 200 wards of the city.
The remaining nine members are elected through a system of proportional representation.
The Maharashtra Government dissolved the council and approved forming a municipal corporation.
The House of Commons of Northern Ireland was the lower house of the Parliament of Northern Ireland created under the Government of Ireland Act 1920.
The deputies are elected for five-year terms.
In 1871, the Reichstag consisted of 382 members, but from 1874 it was enlarged to 397 members.
The council president is elected by the members from among their number.
The Parliament of South Ossetia is the unicameral legislature of the partially recognized Republic of South Ossetia.
Prior to this the monarchs ruled under a Council of Chiefs.
Following the May 2014 election, Hackney London Borough Council consists of 50 Labour Party councillors, four Conservative Party councillors and three Liberal Democrat councillors.
The Progressive Conservative Party led by Brian Peckford formed the government.
Since 1978, the Conservatives have had an overall majority on the council.
The Parliament of Albania or Kuvendi is the unicameral representative body of the citizens of the Republic of Albania; it is Albania's legislature.
It consists of 32 members representing single-member constituencies throughout the state.
Robert Law served as colonial administrator until the arrival of Sir John Le Marchant in April 1847.
The council is responsible for housing and community, roads and transportation, urban planning and development, amenity and culture, and environment.
There are no limits on the number of terms one may serve.
The Freetown City Council politics has been dominated by the All People's Congress party.
Legislative Council members continued to oppose the federal government's reluctance to grant them more power.
In 1928, the Legislative Council was abolished and the members pensioned off.
A 3.5% threshold exists, together with guarantees for female candidates.
Wiltshire Council is the unitary authority for most of the ceremonial county of Wiltshire, in the West of England, created in April 2009.
The Free State Provincial Legislature is the primary legislative body of the South African province of Free State.
From the establishment of responsible government in 1848, members were appointed by the Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia on the advice of the Premier.
The Parliament of the Khmer Republic was the official name of the bicameral legislature of Cambodia during the Republican period.
The legislature is a bicameral body composed of the upper house Arkansas Senate with 35 members, and the lower Arkansas House of Representatives with 100 members.
If the chamber is tied, legislators must devise their own methods of resolving the impasse.
The constitution also gives it powers over police and land but successive central governments have refused to devolve these powers to the provinces.
It replaced Ballymena Borough Council, Carrickfergus Borough Council and Larne Borough Council.
The Parliament of the Brussels-Capital Region, is the governing body of the Brussels-Capital Region, one of the three regions of Belgium.
The assembly convenes within the Marshal's Office in Kraków.
Ipswich Borough Council is the Borough Council that covers Ipswich in Suffolk.
The House Chamber is located in the North Dakota State Capitol in Bismarck, North Dakota.
It is often referred to as "LegCo".
The borough council provides some shared services with Hammersmith and Fulham, and Westminster.
The presiding officer of the Senate is the Lieutenant Governor of Oklahoma, who is the President of the Senate.
It is located in a historical building in Lisbon, referred to as Palácio de São Bento, the site of an old Benedictine monastery.
CDC is sometimes called Thenmarachchi Divisional Council.
The term of the territory senators expires at the same time as there is an election for the House of Representatives.
The Assembly is a unicameral, democratically elected body comprising 90 members known as Members of the Legislative Assembly.
In the 2012 elections the Labour Party regained control with an overall majority.
It replaces Down District Council and Newry and Mourne District Council and covers most of the southeast of Northern Ireland.
It was succeeded by the 2nd Illinois General Assembly.
Its composition consists of Members of Parliament from each constituency who are more commonly addressed as "Members of Parliament" or "MP's".
It was created on 25 May 1810, as a result of the events of the May Revolution.
Bracknell Forest Borough Council is the local authority of Bracknell Forest in Berkshire, England.
Established in 1946, at the time of the independence of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan.
In political science, this type of legislative district is called a multi-member district.
The office is on the ballot for the next general election, unless the vacancy occurred within 51 days of the election.
The council is responsible for housing and community, roads and transportation, urban planning and development, amenity and culture, and environment.
Three Senators from each of the 26 states and three Senators from the Federal District are elected on a majority basis to serve eight-year terms.
In 1990 the assembly had 299 seats, 224 of which were directly elected from single-member districts in the general elections of April 1988.
Paraguay's bicameral Congress consists of a 45-member Senate and an 80-member Chamber of Deputies.
North Hertfordshire covers the northern part of Hertfordshire, in the East of England region.
After Tobin reentered federal politics in October 2000, Beaton Tulk became interim party leader and Premier.
With South Ayrshire and the mainland areas of North Ayrshire, it formed the former county of Ayrshire.
The Legislative Assembly of Espírito Santo is the unicameral legislature of the state of Espírito Santo in Brazil.
The Andean Parliament is the governing and deliberative body of the Andean Community.
The Legislature of Alberta is the legislature of the province of Alberta, Canada.
It is a bicameral body composed of the 151-member House of Representatives and the 36-member Senate.
The Shura Council was dissolved on 5 July 2013.
The Parliament of Jamaica is the legislative branch of the government of Jamaica.
The mayor can veto proposed bills, but the council can override it with a two-thirds supermajority.
The Parliament was convened thirteen times in its history:
The authority formally came into being on 17 June 2016.
Each province elects the same number of deputies, despite their having very different levels of population.
The North Dakota House of Representatives is the lower house of the North Dakota Legislative Assembly and is larger than the North Dakota Senate.
DDC is sometimes called Neduntivu Divisional Council.
As per provision contained in Section 47of the aforesaid Act Sh.
It was the first session in state history where the Republican Party has controlled both houses of the legislature.
The social democratic People's Progressive Movement formed in response and won the subsequent election.
The Arunachal Pradesh Legislative Assembly is the unicameral state legislature of Arunachal Pradesh state in north-eastern India.
The Florida House of Representatives is the lower house of the legislature of the U.S. state of Florida.
A majority of the members belong to the Democratic Alliance.
The lower house is the New Hampshire House of Representatives with 400 members.
It carries out all the obligatory functions and discretionary functions entrusted by the BPMC Act,1949 with the following mission:
The Kansas Senate meets at the Kansas State Capitol in Topeka.
The upper house is the New South Wales Legislative Council.
The Jammu and Kashmir State Legislature consists of the Governor, Legislative Assembly and Legislative Council.
North Ayrshire is one of 32 council areas in Scotland.
He was sworn in on 13 May 2013.
Kendrick served as the President pro tempore of the Oklahoma Senate.
The Directory established six short-lived sister republics modelled after France, in Italy, Switzerland and the Netherlands.
The current President of the Assembly is Bogdan Dyjuk.
Surrey County Council is the county council administering major local services in the non-metropolitan county of Surrey in England.
The lower of the two houses making up the parliament, the House of Commons in practice holds far more power than the upper house, the Senate.
It is a unicameral body, consisting of 23 members, including 17 elected members and 6 military representatives.
The Navotas City Council is Navotas's Sangguniang Panlungsod or legislature.
As with its neighbor and former constituent Virginia General Assembly, the legislature's lower house is also referred to as a "House of Delegates."
It is composed of 53 members directly elected through first past the post, and a further five members appointed by the President.
Each electorate has approximately the same number of electors.
The parliament is unicameral, with a democratically elected House of Representatives and the President of Malta.
In the present House of Assembly, winning 15 seats—only two more than necessary for a majority—is considered a landslide victory.
The Assembly of Extremadura is the elected unicameral legislature of the Autonomous Community of Extremadura.
Labor went from minority to majority government when Nat Cook won the 2014 Fisher by-election which was triggered by the death of Bob Such.
The National Assembly is the unicameral parliament of Laos.
The Windsor City Council is the governing body of Windsor, Ontario, Canada.
North District Council is one of the 18 Hong Kong district councils and represents the North District.
The Town Council also has a significant role in voicing the views and concerns of residents.
The latest election was held on 22 November 2015.
NWCMC was established on 26 March 1997, by merging Nanded Municipal Council and adjoining Waghala Municipal Council.
There were five sessions of the 34th General Assembly:
It was settled on July 28, 1978 and was led by Víctor Raúl Haya de la Torre, historical leader of the American Popular Revolutionary Alliance.
The Legislative Assembly was the legislature of France from 1 October 1791 to 20 September 1792 during the years of the French Revolution.
The Speaker of the House becomes the thirty-second member if chosen from outside the membership of the House.
Any citizen of 21 years is eligible for election.
The Second Continental Congress was a convention of delegates from the Thirteen Colonies that started meeting in the spring of 1775, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Senators are elected for four year terms, staggered every two years such that half of the seats are contested at each election.
The presiding officer of the Assembly is called the Speaker.
There are no term limits, with the most senior member, Tom Craddick, having been elected in 1968.
Its powers and duties are defined in the Charter of Saint Petersburg.
The Parliament was convened fifteen times in its history:
The incumbent Unity Labour Party was returned to office winning eight out of 15 seats.
There were four sessions of the 37th General Assembly:
The members of the 13th General Assembly of Newfoundland were elected in the Newfoundland general election held in November 1878.
There were four sessions of the 33rd General Assembly:
The first official headquarters of the plenary meetings of the newborn Po Parliament took place in Villa Riva Berni to Bagnolo San Vito.
The assembly meets at Vidhana Bhavan situated in Jaipur, the capital of Rajasthan.
Every bill must be passed by the Senate and by the House, and signed by the governor in order to become law.
The 2005 changes continued to maintain the previous malapportionment in favour of rural regions.
It has 24 state deputies elected by proportional representation.
The members of the 24th General Assembly of Newfoundland were elected in the Newfoundland general election held in November 1919.
The general public in Slovenia often refer to the National Assembly alone as the Slovenian Parliament.
Tuen Mun District Council is the District Council of Tuen Mun District, in the New Territories.
Its 48 members are elected every four years in 14 districts by single non-transferable vote.
It was established on 1 April 2014 by statutory instrument under the provisions of the Local Democracy, Economic Development and Construction Act 2009.
Leicester City Council is a unitary authority responsible for local government in the city of Leicester, England.
The House convenes at the State Capitol in Baton Rouge.
This system has remained in place since, allowing the Coalition parties to safely contest the same seats.
As of the 2015 general election, the National League for Democracy won every contested seat in the legislature, based on the most recent election results.
The head of the council has the title of Cathaoirleach.
Fermanagh and Omagh District Council is a local authority in Northern Ireland and was established on 1 April 2015.
As a county council, it is governed by the Local Government Act 2001.
Ujjayanta Palace in Agartala served as the previous meeting place.
Voting in the Illinois Senate is done by members pushing one of three buttons.
A coalition government led by Frederick Carter won the election and Carter served as Newfoundland's premier.
The body was created by the first Illinois Constitution adopted in 1818.
The Senate was first established as part of Kenya's 1963 Constitution.
The House is composed of 105 members representing an equal number of districts, with each constituency containing at least 42,380 citizens.
The General Assembly convenes within the Iowa State Capitol in Des Moines.
The legislature is a bicameral body composed of a 31-member Senate and a 150-member House of Representatives.
As a county council, it is governed by the Local Government Act 2001.
Any citizen can be selected as a member.
The administration's roles are to formulate and implement policies to manage Bangkok.
The fourth-term South Australian Branch of the Australian Labor Party has been in government since the 2002 election.
The Lords were members of the Irish peerage and bishops.
The Fredericton City Council is the municipal governing body of the city of Fredericton, New Brunswick, Canada.
Kildare County Council is the authority responsible for local government in County Kildare, Ireland.
The seat of the Legislative Assembly is at Itanagar, the capital of the state.
Swindon Borough Council is the local authority of the Borough of Swindon in Wiltshire, England.
The House of Peers was the upper house of the Imperial Diet as mandated under the Constitution of the Empire of Japan.
The Forty-seventh Oklahoma Legislature was a meeting of the legislative branch of the government of Oklahoma, composed of the Senate and the House of Representatives.
Kent County Council is currently controlled by the Conservative Party and the official opposition is the Liberal Democrats with 7 seats.
The chair of the authority is Steve Rotheram, the Liverpool City Region Mayor.
Places farther out will remain part of the county, including Cobh, Carrigaline, and Midleton, as well as Ringaskiddy, the centre of the Port of Cork.
Its assets were split between the West Midlands Residuary Body and the West Midlands boroughs councils.
There were redistributions in 1959, 1962, 1965 and 1968.
The Council serves as a check against the mayor in a "strong" mayor-council government model.
Cork City Council is the authority responsible for local government in the city of Cork in Ireland.
It covers most of the northern coast of Northern Ireland and replaced Ballymoney Borough Council, Coleraine Borough Council, Limavady Borough Council and Moyle District Council.
Sutton is divided into 18 wards, each electing three councillors.
In 2015 general election, the Arakan National Party won the most contested seats in the legislature.
Bihar Vidhan Parishad, also known as Bihar Legislative Council, is the upper house of the bicameral legislature of the state of Bihar in India.
It is considered to be the "lower house" of the Federal Parliament.
The members elected in the 2013 local body elections, in election order:
These members are apportioned to the Swiss cantons in proportion to their population.
The Louisiana House of Representatives is the lower house in the Louisiana State Legislature, the state legislature of the US state of Louisiana.
It is unicameral, and consists of 150 members, who are elected by universal suffrage under proportional representation with seats distributed via Hagenbach-Bischoff quota every four years.
Additionally, the Senate has the exclusive power to try officials impeached by the House, and to confirm some executive appointments.
The National Council is one of the two houses of the Austrian Parliament and is frequently referred to as the lower house.
The name literally means "Law Thing"—that is, a law assembly—and derives from Old Norse lǫgþing, which was a name given to ancient assemblies.
There were four sessions of the 40th General Assembly:
The Constitution of 1782 amended Poynings' Law to allow the Irish Parliament to initiate legislation.
The council passes ordinances for the city and county, and also makes appointments to certain boards and commissions.
The House of Representatives of Belize is one of two chambers of the National Assembly, the other being the Senate.
It has 16 members elected using the open list proportional representation system.
The members of the 18th General Assembly of Newfoundland were elected in the Newfoundland general election held in October 1897.
It is a London borough council, one of 32 in the United Kingdom capital of London.
It is a unitary authority, having the powers of a non-metropolitan county and district council combined.
The Legislative Council of the Falkland Islands was the unicameral legislature of the Falkland Islands from 13 November 1845 until 1 January 2009.
In Goa, the Inquisition also turned its attention to Indian converts from Hinduism or Islam who were thought to have returned to their original ways.
The National Parliament of Solomon Islands has 50 members, elected for a four-year term in 50 single-seat constituencies.
In addition to the Imperial Council, the fifteen individual crown lands of Cisleithania had their own diets.
If the cycle were not put into place, then the boundaries would sometimes be four years out of date before being used for Senate elections.
The council was founded as the Sanitary Board in 1883.
Roger Grimes was elected party leader in February 2001.
By 2012 has an Office in Port Villa called La Favorita in locality Monticello di Fara di Sarego.
It is situated in the state capital of Hyderabad, and has 58 members.
Mannar Urban Council is the local authority for the town of Mannar in north-western Sri Lanka.
In 2000 it was declared European capital of culture and in 2006, a UNESCO "city of music".
The President appointed 12 additional members and 8 provincial governors who held reserved seats in the House.
The council area elects 44 Councillors from 29 wards.
Members are elected through the first-past-the-post system under universal adult suffrage, representing electoral districts known as National Assembly constituencies.
The Washington State Senate is the upper house of the Washington State Legislature.
There are no term limits for Senators.
The House of Delegates of South Africa was a body in the Tricameral Parliament of South Africa which existed from 1984 to 1994.
The second Congress managed the colonial war effort, and moved incrementally towards independence, adopting the United States Declaration of Independence on July 4, 1776.
It is a London borough council, one of 32 in the United Kingdom capital of London.
The body is composed of 35 members representing an equal amount of districts across the state, with each district containing at least 127,140 citizens.
These districts and their councils were abolished in the reorganisation.
Ashatai Kolhe became the first lady Mayor in Jalgaon Municipal Corporation's history.
Bristol City Council is the local authority of Bristol, England.
The Parliament is led by the Speaker.
In a senatorial race, each party nominates two candidates who run and are elected together by direct vote.
The Queen's Speech is delivered in the House of Lords during the State Opening of Parliament.
It has also increased the influence the Islamic Revolutionary Guard has on the economic and cultural life of the country.
Made up of three Group Representation Constituencies and four Single Member Constituencies.
Bo City Council is the municipal government of the city of Bo, Sierra Leone's second largest city.
The Parliament of the Czech Republic or just Parliament is the legislative body of the Czech Republic, seated in Malá Strana, Prague.
The Pomeranian Regional Assembly is the regional legislature of the voivodeship of Pomeranian, Poland.
The National Council consists of 26 representatives of the Regional Councils; every Regional Council in the 13 regions of Namibia elects two representatives.
The Chiayi County Council is the elected county council of Chiayi County, Republic of China.
In the same year, the name of the Council was changed to Legislative Assembly.
The Kandy Municipal Council is the local council for Kandy, the second largest city and hill capital of Sri Lanka.
It evolved from the upper house of the colonial assembly created in 1650 when Maryland was a proprietary colony controlled by Cecilius Calvert.
Marvin York served as President pro tempore of the Oklahoma Senate.
This is believed to be much more infrequent than the former Soviet Politburo had met.
The Senate is chaired and presided by the President, currently Say Chhum of the Cambodian People's Party and assisted by two Vice Presidents.
The council headquarters are at the Council House in the city centre.
The chair, however, does not have the power to veto legislation.
With the establishment of the Irish Free State in 1922, a new parliament called the Oireachtas was established, of which Dáil Éireann became the lower house.
The Knessetneset) is the unicameral national legislature of Israel.
It is a unicameral institution, consisting of a total of 15 lawmakers representing single-member constituencies throughout the state.
For decades previously it had been controlled by the Labour Party.
The body was first termed the Legislative Committee and later renamed the House of Representatives.
Slovakia's parliament has been called the 'National Council' since 1 October 1992.
Membership of Rajya Sabha is limited by the Constitution to a maximum of 250 members, and current laws have provision for 245 members.
The Congressional Palace is located in Buenos Aires, at the western end of Avenida de Mayo.
It has 150 seats which are filled through elections using a party-list proportional representation.
Unlike the Senate, the whole of the Chamber of Deputies is renewed every four years.
It is a strategic authority with powers over transport, economic development and regeneration.
Historians have yet to precisely identify its location.
Members of the Senate are part-timers who often hold other positions as well.
The Newfoundland People's Party led by Edward P. Morris formed the government.
It contains most of the region known as Silicon Fen.
The Senate has 33 members; 22 are elected, one from each district of Madagascar, and 11 more are appointed by the President, all for five-year terms.
The Sicilian Regional Assembly is the legislative body of Sicily.
The Corsican Assembly is the unicameral legislative body of the territorial collectivity of Corsica.
The Chamber of Deputies is a federal legislative body and the lower house of the National Congress of Brazil.
It consists of the State Duma, which is the lower house, and the Federation Council, which is the upper house.
bring an indictment against the President to the State Tribunal,
The council is responsible for housing and community, roads and transportation, urban planning and development, amenity and culture, and environment.
Formed after the Norfolk Island Act 1979 was passed in the Australian parliament, its first members were elected on 10 August 1979.
The salary and other benefits for a member of Rajya Sabha are same as for a member of Lok Sabha.
From 1758 to 1838, it had an upper house called the Council, which also held executive functions.
Rigsdagen was the name of the national legislature of Denmark from 1849 to 1953.
It was dissolved with the establishment of the post of Secretary of State for Wales and the formation of the Welsh Office in 1964/65.
The population of the Council at the 2011 census was 37,369.
The Council has 42 members, elected by proportional representation in which the whole state is treated as a single electorate.
After justices of the peace were set up for Westminster in 1618, the court dealt with lesser cases such as offences relating to weights and measures.
The state is divided into 47 constituent districts, with two representatives and one senator elected from each district.
The current unitary authority was created in 1996 and covers the eastern half of the historic county.
Parliament House of Pakistan is the first and only parliament in the world that runs completely on self-generated solar power.
The 10th National Parliamentary Election was held on 5 January 2014.
Tamil Nadu Legislative Council was the upper house of the bicameral legislature of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
The President of Bangladesh, the ceremonial head of state, is chosen by Parliament.
The Council itself is based in Hemel Hempstead, the largest settlement in the district.
Elections are held approximately once every three years.
Three sessions are held each year, each involving 133 elected members.
The Parliament is composed of 184 members, 123 MPs and 61 Senators.
The Senate meets at the Iowa State Capitol in Des Moines.
There are no term limits for either chamber.
It includes the monarchs and the leaders of the Republics.
Members of the assembly refer to themselves as "Members of the Provincial Parliament" as opposed to "Members of the Legislative Assembly" as in many other provinces.
It also formally appointed the Council of State, the Council of Ministers, and the National Defence Council.
The PAP exercises oversight, and has advisory and consultative powers, lasting for the first five years.
It is a unitary authority, having the powers of a non-metropolitan county and district council combined.
It is one of the three unicameral parliaments in Australia, the Legislative Council being replaced by the Legislative Assembly in 1974.
Rotherham Metropolitan Borough Council is the local authority of the Metropolitan Borough of Rotherham in South Yorkshire, England.
Of the 462 seats, 8 are reserved for Algerians living abroad.
Also known as party-list representatives, sectoral congressmen represent labor unions, rights groups, and other organizations.
The Assembly of Representatives has 301 members, elected for a six-year term in single-seat constituencies.
With 200 seats, the National Council is the larger of the two houses.
The North West Provincial Legislature is the primary legislative body of the South African province of North West.
The Sheffield City Region Combined Authority is the combined authority for South Yorkshire in England.
The constitution also grants parliamentary immunity to all elected members of the Legislative Assembly.
This is down from a 77-43 Republican majority in the 2013-2014 session.
Since 1922, it has met in Leinster House in Dublin.
The Verkhovna Rada meets in the Verkhovna Rada building in Ukraine's capital Kiev.
Following the 2015 general election, 89 MPs and three NCMPs were elected to the 13th Parliament.
Legislation passed by the States is termed Laws, which take effect in the island by Order-in-Council.
In the 2013 elections, the Indian National Congress won a majority of seats, with 122 out of 224 MLAs.
The Senate was not in session following the overthrow of Aristide's government in February 2004.
Its 51 members are elected every four years in 17 districts by single non-transferable vote.
It is composed of 42 members representing single-member constituencies throughout the state.
Members were appointed for life but could be dropped for non-attendance.
It is referred to as the lower house, with the Senate being referred to as the upper house.
Representatives are elected for two-year terms, elected during the fall elections.
The Kaohsiung City Council is the elected municipal council of Kaohsiung City, Republic of China.
The first meeting of every session of the House shall, by Proclamation, be held on such day as the Governor shall appoint.
The National Legislature is the parliament of Sudan.
It sits in the Legislative Assembly Building located on Civic Square, close to the centre of the city of Canberra.
The council is composed of twenty-one members elected from single-member districts for four-year terms.
The Regional Council was a municipal council in Hong Kong responsible for municipal services in the New Territories.
There are no term limits, and each term is four years long.
Newcastle City Council is the local government authority for Newcastle upon Tyne, a city in Tyne and Wear, England.
The Parliament of Egypt is currently a unicameral legislature.
Salisbury City Council is an English city council in which the Conservatives currently have the largest number of members but there is no overall control.
The assembly can elect and remove government ministers, the chief justice of the Supreme People's Court, and the procurator general of the Supreme People's Procuracy.
The North East Combined Authority is a combined authority that covers most of the North East region of England.
It was first constituted in 1876, and initially lasted until 1878, when the general assembly was dissolved by Abdul Hamid II.
Special meetings may be called by the Mayor of Boise or by a majority of the Boise City Council.
The Plymouth General Court was the original colonial legislature of the Plymouth colony from 1620 to 1692.
Hon Adeleke Mamora and the Deputy speaker was Hon.
Today, the unicameral legislature is made up of two elements: the Lieutenant Governor and a legislative assembly called the House of Assembly.
Ward 60 - Nehru Bazar, Choura Rasta, Bapu Bazaar, Link road, Nataniyon ka Rasta, Tripoliya Bazar
The assembly elects the executive board that acts as the collective executive for the provincial government, headed by the voivodeship marshal.
The House meets at the State Capitol in Austin.
The Parliament meets at the Parliament House building in Islamabad, where debating chambers for both houses are present.
The Minneapolis City Council is the governing body of the City of Minneapolis.
VSWDC is responsible for providing a variety of local public services including roads, sanitation, drains, housing, libraries, public parks and recreational facilities.
Lambeth London Borough Council is the local authority for the London Borough of Lambeth in Greater London, England.
Its headquarters were located near Sha Tin Station.
They were elected for four years, and elections were held each four years thereafter.
Under the 1996 Constitution, the House of Representatives is the lower house of the parliament of Belarus.
However, one Colorado Party senator left to the Folk's Party.
The Lienchiang County Council is the elected county council of Lienchiang County, Republic of China.
In theory, the Volkskammer was the highest organ of state power in the GDR.
The Ascension Island Council is an elected body that provides advice to the Administrator of Ascension Island on matters relating to the governance of Ascension Island.
The Landtag of Baden-Württemberg is the state diet of the German federal state of Baden-Württemberg.
The council offices are located at the Civic Centre in the heart of Walsall.
In contrast to other Parliamentary systems, the Parliament elects the President directly for a set five-year term of office.
The House of Assembly of Zimbabwe is the lower chamber of Zimbabwe's bicameral Parliament.
There are 15 women members among the 167 members of the parliament.
Bills approved by the legislature must be sent to the Governor of Oklahoma for approval.
The administrative base of High Peak Borough Council is split between sites in the towns of Buxton and Glossop.
The parliament of Poland has an upper house, the Senate, and a lower house, the Sejm.
The Council serves an estimated population of 333,871, the largest of any district council in Northern Ireland, while also being the fourth smallest by area.
T. C. Simpson served as the President pro tempore of the Oklahoma Senate and Tom Waldrep served as the Speaker of the Oklahoma House of Representatives.
Although they take part in proceedings, the ex officio members do not have the right to vote in the Legislative Assembly.
The main function of the Cortes was the development and adoption of laws, but under its subsequent sanction reserved to the Head of State.
It meets in the Vincent A. Griego chambers at the Albuquerque city hall in downtown.
In order to gain representation in the council, a party must gain more than 3 percent of the total vote.
It has 18 members elected using the open list proportional representation system.
For a law to pass, it must be passed by both houses.
East Riding County Council was the county council of the East Riding of Yorkshire from 1 April 1889 to 31 March 1974.
Hajipur Nagar Parisad is the municipal organisation of Hajipur, India.
Manthai West Divisional Council is the local authority for Manthai West DS Division in northern Sri Lanka.
The Senate consisted of 30 Members, of whom 15 were elected by the House of Representatives and 15 appointed by the Governor-General.
The county administration is headed by a Chief Executive, Jackie Maguire.
The representatives of the areas incorporated into Pakistan ceased to be members of the Constituent Assembly of India.
The Urban Council was a municipal council in Hong Kong responsible for municipal services on Hong Kong Island and in Kowloon.
Sir Anthony Musgrave succeeded Bannerman as governor.
The Southern Sudan Legislative Assembly was established in 2005 by the Interim constitution of the Southern Sudan 2005.
Yuen Long District Council is the district council for the Yuen Long District in Hong Kong.
It has a total of 403 members excluding one Anglo-Indian member who is nominated by the Governor.
Unlike most states, the Illinois Senate allows members to vote yes, no, or present.
The Idaho Senate is the upper chamber of the Idaho State Legislature.
The 33 elected members of the A Partnership for National Unity+Alliance for Change, in addition to three technocrat members took their oaths of office.
In 1999, the SNC caused the fall of then Prime Ministers Mahfoud Ali Beiba government through a motion of no-confidence.
the Chamber of Deputies has 99 members, elected for a five-year term by proportional representation.
It is a unitary authority, having the powers of a non-metropolitan county and district council combined.
Ward 77 - Laalwaas, Jaigarh Fort, Amber Fort
The party which wins the most seats becomes the ruling party.
Newfoundland had joined Canadian confederation in March 1949.
The Assembly first sat in May 1860 and produced Australia's first Hansard in April 1864.
It consists of 249 delegates directly elected by single non-transferable vote.
MUC is responsible for providing a variety of local public services including roads, sanitation, drains, housing, libraries, public parks and recreational facilities.
Shortly after the District of Keewatin was formed a large group of Icelanders arrived, infected with smallpox which quickly spread to the indigenous First Nation population.
The state legislature also met in special session from January 20 to March 19, 1910.
Each representative represents a district of at least 172,000 people.
The members of the 41st General Assembly of Newfoundland were elected in the Newfoundland general election held in April 1989.
Legislation was introduced in 2011 to cut its size to 103 in 2020.
The Senate Chamber is located in the North Dakota State Capitol in Bismarck, North Dakota.
However, Term 14(2) of the Newfoundland Terms of Union allows for the province to re-establish the Legislative Council.
The Chamber of Representatives is one of the two chambers in the bicameral Federal Parliament of Belgium, the other being the Senate.
The members of the 3rd General Assembly of Newfoundland were elected in the Newfoundland general election held in 1842.
Both the Conservative and Labour parties have controlled the council at different times, as well as periods when no party has had a majority.
The council is currently in no overall control, as at the 2016 local elections the Liberal Democrats lost their majority.
It has 125 members, elected for five-year terms in single-seat constituencies.
A government is formed from the party or coalition with the majority of MPs.
The West Yorkshire County Council operated from County Hall, Wakefield, until it was abolished 31 March 1986, following the Local Government Act 1985.
It regularly reviews and amends Bills from the Commons.
The Secretary General is David Byaza Sanda Lutala.
Nashik municipal corporation(NMC) is located in Nashik.
The PL main headquarters that is Wisma Perbadanan Labuan located at Jalan Dewan, Bandar Labuan.
The legislative branch of the unincorporated U.S. territory is unicameral, with a single house consisting of 15 senators, elected to two-year terms without term limits.
Since 1 April 2014 it has been a constituent council of the West Yorkshire Combined Authority and the council's leader attends its meetings.
These include Bridge Road and Swan and Victoria Streets in Richmond, Brunswick and Gertrude streets in Fitzroy and Smith Street in Collingwood.
It succeeded the Legislative Council of Lower Canada and Legislative Council of Upper Canada.
The Democratic Party currently holds supermajorities in both chambers of the California Legislature.
The Palácio de São Bento has been the seat of the Portuguese parliaments since 1834.
The Liberal Reform Party, an alliance between the Liberals and the Fishermen's Protective Union, calling itself Liberal Reform, formed the government.
Though the Parliament is officially bicameral, the National Assembly will act as Parliament until the Senate will be established.
The Vice-President of India is the ex-officio Chairman of the Rajya Sabha, who presides over its sessions.
The modern government of Samoa exists on a national level alongside the country's fa'amatai indigenous chiefly system of governance and social organisation.
Valikamam North Divisional Council is the local authority for Valikamam North DS Division in northern Sri Lanka.
The council was abolished by the 2014 constitution.
The members of the 38th General Assembly of Newfoundland were elected in the Newfoundland general election held in June 1979.
The Colorado House of Representatives convenes at the State Capitol building in Denver.
There is no limit to the number of terms that a Senator may serve.
The powers of the legislature are granted under Article III of the Constitution of Hawaii.
The Legislative Council also held executive power until 1839.
The Queensland Legislative Council was the upper house of the parliament in the Australian state of Queensland.
Gordon Arnaud Winter served as lieutenant governor of Newfoundland until 1981.
The political makeup of the Bundesrat is affected by changes in power in the states of Germany, and thus by elections in each state.
Parliament replaced the State Council of Ceylon.
Haringey London Borough Council comprises 48 Labour Party councillors, and 9 Liberal Democrats.
The current Speaker of the House is Scott Saiki.
The present strength of the Vidhan Sabha is 68.
The unicameral National Assembly is Benin's legislative body.
The National Assembly was formerly the lower house of Quebec's legislature and was then called the Legislative Assembly of Quebec.
The House of Assembly is the legislature of Dominica.
On Boxing Day 1883, members of the Orange Order marched through a Roman Catholic section of the town of Harbour Grace.
There are 100 seats in the Iowa House of Representatives, representing 100 single-member districts across the state, formed by dividing the 50 Senate districts in half.
The National Council is the upper house of Bhutan's new bicameral Parliament, which also comprises the Druk Gyalpo and the National Assembly.
From 1969 to 1992, its predecessor, the parliament of the Slovak part of Czechoslovakia, was called the Slovak National Council.
Larger legislatures in the United States are New Hampshire, Pennsylvania and Georgia.
It is a unitary authority, having the powers of a non-metropolitan county and district council combined.
Members of committees are assigned by party leaders.
It is a unitary authority, having the powers of a non-metropolitan county and district council combined.
The upper house of the legislature was called the Legislative Council.
Thus, 289 seats are required for a majority.
The seats were split evenly between the Liberal Party and the new Newfoundland People's Party.
Members are chosen through direct election; the country is divided into five electoral districts with ten members representing each district.
It is a merger of Waterford City Council and Waterford County Council under the provisions of the Local Government Reform Act 2014.
The head of the council has the title of Cathaoirleach.
It also was a method of confiscating property and enriching the Inquisitors.
The Massachusetts House of Representatives is the lower house of the Massachusetts General Court, the state legislature of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
The Assembly had no powers to initiate primary legislation until limited law-making powers were gained through the Government of Wales Act 2006.
Members of the Senate are elected to four-year terms without term limits.
Kreševo is a town and municipality in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The Isle of Wight Council is a unitary authority covering the Isle of Wight near the South coast of England.
The precursor to the permanent legislature was the Provisional Congress of the Confederate States, which helped establish the Confederacy as a state.
The Forty-third Oklahoma Legislature was a meeting of the legislative branch of the government of Oklahoma, composed of the Senate and the House of Representatives.
Composed of 100 members, the House elects its leadership every two years.
The GNC had appointed an alternative government for Libya, styled the National Salvation Government, which was led by Khalifa al-Ghawi.
The Regional Representative Council, alternatively translatable as the House of Regions or as the House of Regional Representatives, is one of two parliamentary chambers in Indonesia.
Each oblast and the city of Minsk are represented with eight members plus another eight members are appointed to the council on the presidential quota.
Thus, in order for an amendment to pass, it needs the support of the Government and the Opposition/Appointees
However the Equality Bill currently going through Tynwald originated in the Council.
It is the 5th most populous city in the state after Hyderabad, Warangal, Nizamabad and Karimnagar.
Kandy is a charter city, with a Mayor Council form of government.
At the time of its abolition the chamber had 151 members, who were elected for eight-year terms of office, from each county and city council.
The 5th General Assembly was preceded by the 4th Illinois General Assembly, and was succeeded by the 6th Illinois General Assembly.
The magisterial districts each elect one supervisor to the Board of Supervisors which governs Prince William County.
However, all laws passed by the Parliament are published by the Albanian Official Journal, which is the official journal of the Government of Albania.
In New Jersey, each district elects one Senator and two Assembly members..
The Sierra Leone parliament consists of 124 members, of which 112 members are directly elected from across Sierra Leone's 14 Districts.
There are no term limits for either chamber.
Parliament received full control over all New Zealand affairs in 1947 with the passage of the Statute of Westminster Adoption Act.
The General Court of New Hampshire is the bicameral state legislature of the U.S. state of New Hampshire.
Voters further amended those powers through constitutional referenda.
Its 48 members are elected every four years in 16 districts by single non-transferable vote.
It has 41 state deputies elected by proportional representation.
The Landtag of Bavaria is the unicameral legislature of the state of Bavaria in Germany.
The California State Legislature is the state legislature of the U.S. state of California.
Elections are held every five years unless the parliament is dissolved before that time.
The 2016-17 review of division boundaries is in the final stages.
The Consultative Council is the name given to the upper house of the National Assembly, the main legislative body of Bahrain.
It has been controlled by Democrats for a number of years.
Sangguniang Kabataan, commonly known as SK, is a council for youth in each barangay in the Philippines.
A coalition of the Conservative and Liberal parties led by William Whiteway formed the government.
The Republican Minority leader of the Senate was Timothy D. Leonard.
The current chairperson of the assembly is Paweł Wróblewski.
The Primera Junta or First Assembly is the most common name given to the first independent government of Argentina.
The members of the 21st General Assembly of Newfoundland were elected in the Newfoundland general election held in November 1908.
Since 2009, it has been chaired by Wim van de Donk.
The emblem used for the Palestinian Legislative Council is referred to as the "Eagle of Saladin."
In the years 1922–1935 and 1989–1990, it was the National Assembly who elected the President of the Republic of Poland by an absolute majority of votes.
After the Battle of Okinawa, the United States military governed the prefecture.
The 4th General Assembly was preceded by the 3rd Illinois General Assembly, and was succeeded by the 5th Illinois General Assembly.
The Montana House of Representatives is, with the Montana Senate, one of the two houses of the Montana Legislature.
The Soviet of the Nationalities was one of the two chambers of the Supreme Soviet of the Russian SFSR.
With 2,987 members in 2013, it is the largest parliamentary body in the world.
Members serve two-year terms with term limits that limit Senators to four terms for a total of eight years.
It has 70 state deputies elected by proportional representation.
The council meets at City Hall, College Road, Galway.
The State Senate meets at the Legislative Building in Olympia.
Article IV of the state's Constitution, adopted in 1963, defines the role of the Legislature and how it is to be constituted.
For election results, see Medway Council elections
The most recent election took place on 26 February 2016 and the new parliament was opened on 28 May 2016.
Any Tibetan who has reached the age of 25 has the right to contest elections to the Parliament.
There are 234 legislative districts in the country, each composed of about 250,000 people.
Three Rivers is located in the south-west of Hertfordshire, in the East of England region.
The council composes of 32 councilors lastly elected through the 2014 Republic of China local election on 29 November 2014.
Valikamam South Divisional Council is the local authority for Valikamam South DS Division in northern Sri Lanka.
The Estates of Aruba are the unicameral legislature or parliament of Aruba.
The legislature is currently located in the Plaza September 7 in Cidade Alta, Natal.
Havering is divided into 18 wards, each electing three councillors.
Sir William Allardyce succeeded Harris as governor.
The council was created by the London Government Act 1963.
Its consent is required to ratify international treaties, and is responsible for approving military operations.
This will be upgraded to Mayor and Deputy-Mayor in near future.
From 1964 until 1977 an Optional Preferential Voting System was used.
The Progressive Conservative Party led by Brian Peckford formed the government.
The Sabor is composed of 151 members elected to a four-year term on the basis of direct, universal and equal suffrage by secret ballot.
The current Speaker of the Saeima is Ināra Mūrniece.
All German men over 25 years of age were eligible to vote, and members of the Reichstag were elected by general, universal and secret suffrage.
It is a unicameral body consists of thirty councilors elected in free elections for a four-year term.
The council has 63 elected members and is the largest local council in Ireland.
The Taichung City Council is the elected municipal council of Taichung City, Republic of China.
These could carry out much business also dealt with by parliament – taxation, legislation and policy-making – but lacked the ultimate authority of a full parliament.
Rodger Randle served as President pro tempore of the Oklahoma Senate.
The report of this commission had to be approved in a joint session of the Parliament.
Ongole Municipal Corporation is the civic body that governs the city of Ongole in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
The Liberal Party led by Brian Tobin formed the government.
The new government dismissed the Fourth Seimas and announced elections to the People's Seimas.
As of 2015 the former Senate building was used by the Assembly of Experts.
Under the preferential proportional voting system in place, the lowest-polling candidates are eliminated, and their votes distributed as preferences to the remaining candidates.
In that year, senators in even-numbered districts were elected to two-year terms and those in odd-numbered districts were elected to four-year terms.
Under the agreement, it will be augmented by a "people's transitional council" serving as the upper house.
It has term of 5 years unless it is dissolved sooner.
Thiruvananthapuram Municipal Corporation is the largest city corporation in the state of Kerala in India by area and population.
The Chief Executive is Jo Turton who was appointed in February 2014 and heads the Council's 40,000-strong workforce.
the House of Assembly with 17 members, elected for a five-year term in single-seat constituencies.
The members are appointed by the parliaments of the constituent peoples.
The Abgeordnetenhaus of Berlin is the state parliament of Berlin, Germany according to the city-state's constitution.
Parliament convenes when it is in session.
Sandbach Town Council is a town council for the Cheshire Market Town of Sandbach.
25 members are elected in single member constituencies using the simple majority system.
11 to 14, 18 to 22, 41 to 43, and 63.
It is a strategic authority with powers over transport, economic development and regeneration.
Its 55 seats are distributed every four years in provincial elections.
the National Assembly has 146 members, elected for a five-year term in single-seat constituencies.
It has its headquarters at County Hall in Durham.
The council is responsible for housing and community, roads and transportation, urban planning and development, amenity and culture, and environment.
The unicameral legislative branch consists of fifteen senators, each serving for a two-year term.
The 3rd Northwest Territories Legislative Council was the 10th assembly of the territorial government.
Elections are held every five years and are by single transferable vote.
The Greater London Authority is mostly funded by direct government grant and it is also a precepting authority, with some money collected with local Council Tax.
In April 2006 the borough council initiated public discussions about the idea of turning the borough into a unitary authority.
The General Assembly convenes on the second Monday of every other year.
Voters may vote for as many candidates as the constituency elects deputies.
It was decided at that time that the membership of the Assembly would be twice that of the Representative House.
The current chairman of the Council is Khalifa Al Dhahrani.
The seat of the Chamber of Deputies is Thun Palace in Malá Strana, Prague.
Members from the state's leading various political parties hold elected offices in the corporation.
It has 100 members elected for terms of two years; unlike most states, these elections take place during odd-numbered years.
The council came to be dominated by the Château Clique, members of the province's most powerful families who were generally interested in preserving the status quo.
The Ituri Interim Assembly is a 32-member legislative body that serves as the legislature of Ituri region of the Democratic Republic of Congo.
The Telangana Legislature is the state legislature of Telangana.
Clare County Council is the authority responsible for local government in County Clare, Ireland.
Even numbered seats and odd numbered seats are contested in separate election years.
According to the Charter Of Novosibirsk Oblast, the Legislative Assembly is "the standing, supreme and exclusive legislative authority" of the Oblast.
That year the system was changed, by constitutional amendment, to allow four-year terms.
Machilipatnam Municipal Corporation is the civic body that governs the city of Machilipatnam in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
The council was created by the London Government Act 1963 and replaced two local authorities: Greenwich Metropolitan Borough Council and Woolwich Metropolitan Borough Council.
The Delhi Development Authority was created in 1955 under the provisions of the Delhi Development Act "to promote and secure the development of Delhi".
The Northern Cape Provincial Legislature is the legislature of the Northern Cape province of South Africa.
The council composes of 33 councilors lastly elected through the 2014 Republic of China local election on 29 November 2014.
The People's Movement for the Liberation of Angola has held a majority in the Assembly since independence.
Ward 74 - Govind Nagar, Santosh Sagar Colony, Jamna Nagar, Shyam Colony, Deewan Colony, Shankar Nagar, Krishna Colony
The work and activities of the Council are organized by a three-member presidium of which the president of the council is a member.
It was bicameral and the legislative branch of the Insular Government.
Of these 48 councillors, the Leader of the Council is Councillor Richard Watts , while the Mayor is Councillor Richard Greening.
Merton London Borough Council is the local authority for the London Borough of Merton in Greater London, England.
The Councillors are elected by popular vote for a 4 years term, and they can be re-elected.
The Parliament of Kenya is the bicameral legislature of Kenya.
The GLA is unique in the British local government system, in terms of structure, elections and selection of powers.
It was elected according to the three-class franchise, and had been established by the Prussian constitution of 5 December 1848.
In late 2012, the Minister for the Environment, Community and Local Government Phil Hogan announced the proposed merger of Waterford County Council and Waterford City Council.
Gujarat Legislative Assembly or Gujarat Vidhan Sabha is the unicameral legislature of the Indian state of Gujarat.
William F. Lloyd became Premier and leader of the National Government in January 1918.
Frederick Carter and Ambrose Shea represented Newfoundland at the 1864 Quebec Conference on Canadian Confederation.
The planning policies of the Mayor of London are detailed in a statutory London Plan that is regularly updated and published.
Elections are held every five years and are by single transferable vote.
The Constituent Assembly approved the constitution on 29 November 2012; more than 16 hours were spent voting on its articles.
Since the Second Polish Republic, "Sejm" has referred only to the lower house of the parliament; the upper house is called the Senat Rzeczypospolitej Polskiej.
The Legislative Assembly of the Cayman Islands is the unicameral legislature of the British Overseas Territory of the Cayman Islands.
The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the provisions of the First Illinois Constitution.
The state senate currently consists of 27 Democrats and 13 Republicans, and the Assembly consists of 55 Democrats and 25 Republicans.
The WUC is responsible for providing a variety of local public services including roads, sanitation, drains, housing, libraries, public parks and recreational facilities.
Cirencester Town Council is a parish council in Gloucestershire formed in 1974, that serves an estimated 20,000 people.
North Tyneside Metropolitan Borough Council is the local authority of North Tyneside in Tyne and Wear, England.
Although the session began with John Davis Hill as Speaker of the Oklahoma House of Representatives, he was replaced with H.I.
The Kampuchean People's Representative Assembly(Khmer: សភាតំណាងប្រជាជនកម្ពុជា) was the official name of the unicameral legislature of Cambodia during the Democratic Kampuchea period.
There is currently a coalition between the CDU and the Greens.
It currently consists of 83 members from five parties.
Kerry County Council is the authority responsible for local government in County Kerry, Ireland.
The county administration was headed by a County Manager.
As of January 7, 2013, the board of supervisors consisted of Bill Connelly, Larry Wahl, Maureen Kirk, Steve Lambert, and Doug Teeter.
The Fortieth Oklahoma Legislature was a meeting of the legislative branch of the government of Oklahoma, composed of the Senate and the House of Representatives.
The Sejm of Congress Poland was the parliament in the 19th century Kingdom of Poland, colloquially known as Congress Poland.
As such, in other elections, about half of the Texas Senate is on the ballot.
It provides the upper tier of local government, below which are district councils, and town and parish councils.
Musali Divisional Council is the local authority for Musali DS Division in northern Sri Lanka.
The lower house of the Legislature is referred to as an "Assembly" rather than the more common "House of Representatives."
The House is composed of 40 members, each of whom represents a district of approximately 17,756 people per 2010 Census figures.
North Hertfordshire District Council is the local authority for the North Hertfordshire non-metropolitan district of England, the United Kingdom.
As a city council, it is governed by the Local Government Act 2001.
Twenty of the country's cantons are represented by two Councillors each.
The Estates General of 1464 was a parliamentary assembly of representatives of the constituent territories of the Burgundian Netherlands.
It which was established in 1974 as a successor council to the Sandbach Urban District Council.
This stand-off led to the elected members resigning their seats emmasse in protest in April 1958.
The 1978 session was marked by a student protest over rumors that state legislators were planning to close Langston University.
The Newfoundland People's Party led by Edward P. Morris formed the government.
Under the Australian Constitution, Tasmania ceded certain legislative and judicial powers to the Commonwealth, but retained complete independence in all other areas.
It was renamed the Urban Council when new legislation was passed in 1936 expanding its mandate.
Orillia City Council is the governing body of the city of Orillia, Ontario.
It met in Oklahoma City from January 5, 1971, to January 2, 1973, during the term of Governor David Hall.
It is a unitary authority, having the powers of a non-metropolitan county and district council combined.
Its primary task was to manage the sovereignty of the independent territories of the United States of Belgium during the Brabant Revolution.
This National Youth Assembly has a chairperson and members of the Assembly whom to be elected by registered voters between 13-25 ages.
The Constitution of Vietnam recognizes the assembly as "the highest organ of state power."
The Soviet of the Republic was one of the two chambers of the Supreme Soviet of the Russian SFSR.
The council uses a strong mayor system with a separately elected mayor who acts as the executive.
The assembly meets within the Marshal's Office in the capital city of Lublin.
In 1967, the state Senate was again reapportioned, this time into 20 districts with 46 members for four-year terms.
The head of the council has the title of Mayor.
The assembly is responsible for enacting and amending prefectural ordinances, approving the budget and voting on important administrative appointments made by the governor including the vice-governors.
It is a unicameral body consists of thirty-six councillors elected in free elections for a four-year term.
It is a London borough council, one of 32 in the United Kingdom capital of London.
The general assembly sat from January 1, 1833 until 1836.
TDC is responsible for providing a variety of local public services including roads, sanitation, drains, housing, libraries, public parks and recreational facilities.
Negative public reaction to the proposed name prompted a rethink.
The Kuala Lumpur City Hall is the city council which administers the city of Kuala Lumpur in Malaysia.
One-third are elected by district councils for three-year terms, one-third by provincial councils for four-year terms, and one-third are nominated by the president for five-year terms.
Sir John Le Marchant served as civil governor of Newfoundland.
The National Assembly is the lower house of the Parliament of the Central African Republic.
It is a unicameral body, consisting of 31 members, including 23 elected members and 7 military representatives.
The assembly convenes within the Marshal's Office in Gdańsk.
Its predecessor was the Supreme Soviet of Belarus.
Kandy is a charter city, with a Mayor Council form of government.
Senators are nominated by the Governor General of Barbados, on behalf of the Sovereign.
The council is responsible for housing and community, roads and transportation, urban planning and development, amenity and culture, and environment.
Gervais Rufyikiri, a member of the CNDD-FDD, was elected president of the Senate on 17 August 2005.
Merton is divided into 20 wards, each electing three councillors.
It replaced Fermanagh District Council and Omagh District Council and covers most of the southwest of Northern Ireland.
The Speaker of the House is currently Niki Rattle.
As a county council, it is governed by the Local Government Act 2001.
It has 54 state deputies elected by proportional representation.
Since its founding to present, Virtually all mayors of Freetown are members of the Creole ethnic group.
The council consists of the mayor plus ten elected city councillors representing the city as a whole.
The Senate meets at the Texas State Capitol in Austin.
Queen's Park is a metonym for the Legislative Assembly.
The general assembly sat from 1999 to 2003.
The Grand Council has 100 seats, with members elected every four years.
The council chooses one of its members to act as mayor in an annual election.
The municipal corporation consists of democratically elected members, is headed by a mayor and administers the city's infrastructure, public services and transport.
It is composed of the 100-member Montana House of Representatives and the 50-member Montana Senate.
The Leader of the Council is Cllr Barry Lewis.
The two Houses meet in separate chambers of Parliament House on Capital Hill in Canberra, Australian Capital Territory.
The Kansas House of Representatives does not have term limits.
However, defections and resignations before the assembly's opening reduced his party to a minority and Frederick Carter formed the government in 1874.
It is a bicameral legislature that consists of a lower house, the Indiana House of Representatives, and an upper house, the Indiana Senate.
The small, predominantly Tutsi Movement for the Rehabilitation of Citizens-Rurenzangemero, won the remaining 2 seats.
The next election to the authority will be in 2018.
The Federal Senate is the upper house of the National Congress of Brazil.
The council is responsible for running nearly all local services, with the exception of those run by joint boards.
The council is responsible for housing and community, roads and transportation, urban planning and development, amenity and culture, and environment.
The Liberal Party led by Clyde Wells formed the government.
The Legislative Assembly building is located at the Wisma Darul Aman in the state capital, Alor Setar.
In this, they easily gained the agreement of Prime Minister Sir John A. Macdonald, who firmly believed in the necessity of an unelected upper house.
The council was created by the London Government Act 1963 and replaced two local authorities: Kensington Metropolitan Borough Council and Chelsea Metropolitan Borough Council.
The Senate was abolished in 1946 so in 1947 Bolesław Bierut was elected President only by the Sejm.
The Congress of Colombia consists of the 102-seat Senate, and the 166-seat House of Representatives.
The Senate is the upper house of the Parliament of Kenya.
The term of each MLC is six years.
Hackney comprises 19 wards, each electing three Councillors.
The total elective membership is distributed among the states in proportion to their population.
However, the Conservatives held control for a short time in the 1970s, and they also held control from July 2004 until 2010.
The Federal Supreme Council is the highest constitutional authority in the United Arab Emirates, being the highest legislative and executive body.
Currently the institution is being considered to become the legislative organ of the Community of Latin American and Caribbean States.
Ewart John Arlington Harnum served as lieutenant governor of Newfoundland until 1974.
The Rio Rancho City Council is the elected legislative authority of the city of Rio Rancho, New Mexico.
Each National Assembly is formed for a five-year term, commencing from the date of the first sitting, after which it is automatically dissolved.
The Regional Council of Martinique is headquartered in the hotel district of Defferre Cluny, Fort-de-France.
Each senatorial district is composed of approximately 95,000 people.
Kadapa Municipal Corporation is the civic body that governs the city of Kadapa in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
The constitutional declaration issued by Morsi in December 2012 allowed the Shura Council to be dissolved by the judiciary.
The Parliament of Canada is the federal legislature of Canada, seated at Parliament Hill in Ottawa, the national capital.
The members of the 31st General Assembly of Newfoundland were elected in the Newfoundland general election held in October 1956.
The Supreme Assembly, Tajikistan's parliament, has two chambers:
The first Speaker was appointed to replace the Governor as the Chairman of the Council in 1953.
The Congress of Deputies of Spain, commonly referred to as simply the Congress of Deputies is the lower house of the Cortes Generales, Spain's legislative branch.
In addition, each country has a National Headquarters.
The seat of the Vidhan Sabha is at Chandigarh, the capital of the state.
It is the fourth largest city Corporation in the state of Kerala by area and population.
It is composed of 96 councillors, three for each of the 32 electoral wards of Manchester.
All members appointed by the Governor were abolished and the people of Tanganyika were allowed to elect all members of the Council.
The Vidhan Parishad has been in existence in two spells - from 1958 to 1985, and from 2007 till date.
North Bay City Council is the governing body of the city of North Bay, Ontario, Canada.
After being abolished in 1966, the Senate was re-established by the 2010 Constitution.
Both houses sit at Parliament House in Spring Street, Melbourne.
West Sussex County Council is currently controlled by the Conservative Party.
The county administration is headed by a Chief Executive, Ciarán Hayes.
On the other issues, the Congress and the Central Executive Committee had the same authority.
The New Jersey Legislature is the legislative branch of the government of the U.S. state of New Jersey.
It says only that "legislative power is vested in the senate and assembly."
On November 22, 2004, the 26th Alberta general election was held to elect the next legislature.
The Assembly meets in the district of Vallecas of Madrid in a hall inaugurated in 1998 specifically designed to host the Madrid Assembly.
The legislature was originally bicameral, with an upper house called the Legislative Council of New Brunswick.
It has 120 seats with members elected for a five-year term by party-list proportional voting.
The county administration is headed by a Chief Executive, Moira Murrell.
Berkshire is purely a ceremonial county, with no administrative responsibilities.
The House convenes in the legislative chambers at the Arizona State Capitol in Phoenix.
The Maryland General Assembly is the state legislature of the U.S. state of Maryland that convenes within the State House in Annapolis.
The Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada.
If the Governor vetoes a bill, the legislature may override the veto by a two-thirds vote.
Each member roughly represents a population equivalent to the state of Delaware.
The Assembly began in December 19, 1853 when Paraná became a province.
Lieutenant Governor Spencer Bernard served as President of the Senate.
Besides, this council also functions to ensure an orderly construction of buildings, safeguard public health, and beautifying the environment.
It is a unicameral body of 73 members elected every five years.
The New South Wales Parliament follows the Westminster parliamentary traditions of dress, Green–Red chamber colours and protocol.
The Assembly of Kosovo was originally established by the United Nations Interim Administration Mission in Kosovo in 2001 to provide 'provisional, democratic self-government'.
Ambalangoda Urban Council is the local authority for the town of Ambalangoda in the Galle District, Southern Province, Sri Lanka.
The current Speaker of the National Assembly is Job Ndugai, who presides over a unicameral assembly of 393 members.
A third of the council is elected for three of every four years.
It is composed of 144 members, 2/3 of which are elected indirectly and 1/3 of which are appointed by the president.
Aberystwyth Town Council is the community council that governs the ancient borough, town and community of Aberystwyth.
The Delaware General Assembly is the legislature of the U.S. state of Delaware.
The Ottawa City Council is the governing body of the City of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
The Progressive Conservative government led by Danny Williams was re-elected with a landslide victory.
The Mississippi Senate is the upper house of the Mississippi Legislature, the state legislature of the U.S. state of Mississippi.
The council is responsible for housing and community, roads and transportation, urban planning and development, amenity and culture, and environment.
It is a metropolitan district council, one of four in South Yorkshire and one of 36 in the metropolitan counties of England.
Both houses sit in Parliament House in the state capital, Hobart.
Nantwich Town Council is the town council for the Cheshire market town of Nantwich.
Power and responsibility of the council are established by the City and County Charter, which was enacted in 1973.
The house has 36 Members of Parliament, each elected in a single seat constituency.
It is made out of 55 members, which are chosen for 4 years.
The Council passes all legislation related to the City’s police, fire, parks, libraries, and electric, water, solid waste, and drainage utilities.
The Greater Manchester County Council shared power with ten lower-tier district councils, each of which directed local matters.
Members of the Senate serve four year terms without term limits.
The borough is separated into 25 wards.
Akola municipal corporation is located in Akola.
VNDC is responsible for providing a variety of local public services including roads, sanitation, drains, housing, libraries, public parks and recreational facilities.
On June 24, 2004, the TV Alese was created.
The Legislative Council of Newfoundland was the upper house of the General Assembly of Newfoundland from 1833 to 1934.
The North Atlantic Council is the principal political decision-making body of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, consisting of Permanent Representatives from its member countries.
Elections to the expanded city council took place on 22 May 2014.
The Council consists of 39 elected members, representing thirteen electoral wards following a Boundary Commission review which came into effect on 22 May 2014.
The structure of the assembly is Bicameral and holds 3 sessions viz., Budget, Monsoon and Winter sessions.
The Landtag maintains partnerships with the diet of the West Pomeranian Voivodeship, the Oblast Duma of the Kaliningrad Oblast and the parliament of the Pomeranian Voivodeship.
All of the lower house and half of the upper house is filled at each election.
The New Zealand House of Representatives is a component of the New Zealand Parliament, along with the Sovereign.
In 2002, for example, Oregon's state senators entered into a power sharing contract whereby Democratic senators nominated the Senate President while Republican senators chaired key committees.
The House is unicameral, and consists of twenty-one Representatives, nine Senators, and the Attorney General as an ex officio member.
In 1950 the council become Municipal Council and it held first meeting on 1 January 1950.
The estates in question were primarily clergy and nobility, with a token townsfolk representation.
Most notably, Roman Catholics were disqualified from sitting in the Irish parliament from 1691, even though they comprised the vast majority of the Irish population.
It replaces Antrim Borough Council and Newtownabbey Borough Council.
The composition and powers of the House are established by Article One of the United States Constitution.
On 21 December 2001, Australia added the organization, alias of MEK, to its ‘Consolidated List’ subject to the United Nations Security Council Resolution 1373.
The Egyptian Constituent Assembly of 2012 is the committee for the creation of a new Constitution of Egypt.
The National Assembly is the elected lower house of Bhutan's new bicameral Parliament which also comprises the Druk Gyalpo and the National Council.
It was the elected part of the legislature for the province of Upper Canada, functioning as the lower house in the Parliament of Upper Canada.
The general assembly sat from 1855 to 1859.
Donegal County Council is the authority responsible for local government in County Donegal, Ireland.
In the history of the Polish parliament, it succeeded the general sejm and local sejmik on the territories of the Austrian partition.
Rajahmundry Municipal Corporation is the civic body that governs the city of Rajahmundry in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
The President of Nauru is elected by the members of the Parliament.
Havering London Borough Council is the local authority for the London Borough of Havering in Greater London, England.
In addition, seats were also allocated to various mass organizations affiliated with the SED, such as the Free German Youth.
It met in Oklahoma City from January 7, 1967, to January 7, 1969, during the term of Governor Dewey Bartlett.
Since the 1960s, the President Pro Tempore of the Senate has presided over daily work.
The Legislative Assembly of Queensland is the sole chamber of the unicameral Parliament of Queensland.
They also must be residents of their districts.
Members of the canton's executive, the Executive Council, are elected on the same day.
As a county council, it is governed by the Local Government Act 2001.
Councillors determine matters of policy on behalf of the local community and make key decisions, such as the annual budget and Council Tax.
The members of the 19th General Assembly of Newfoundland were elected in the Newfoundland general election held in November 1900.
The 29th Illinois General Assembly was elected in November 1874.
The Ramagundam Municipal Corporation is the local governing body, administering the city of Ramagundam, Peddapalli district in the Indian state of Telangana.
The National Assembly of the Federal Republic of Nigeria is a bicameral legislature established under section 4 of the Nigerian Constitution.
Previous governments had made unsuccessful attempts to eliminate the upper chamber.
However, all legislation still originated with the president, and there was little meaningful opposition to presidential decisions.
Soviet of Nationalities was elected by and from among the Congress of People's Deputies of the Russian Federation on the following basis:
Accordingly, in aggregate the legislature is sitting its eighteenth term since the restoration of democracy in the Territory.
Whilst part of North Yorkshire for ceremonial purposes, it is in the region of North East England.
There were five sessions of the 41st General Assembly:
The Crown Council of Ethiopia was the constitutional body which advised the reigning Emperor of Ethiopia, and acted on behalf of the Crown.
A session usually consists of four meetings.
The first past the post system was used from 1977 until 2002.
It was formed in 1974 and covers a population of around 85,000.
Since 2010, it is chaired by Johan Remkes.
The Oklahoma Senate and the Oklahoma House of Representatives are co-equal houses, but each chamber has exclusive powers.
Ward 61 - Indira Bazar, Lalji Sand Street, Kishanpole Bazar, Khajane Walon ka Rasta, Sonkhiyon ka Rasta, Raisar Plaza, Thana Kotwali
The second parliament and the first sessions of the third parliament were held in Montreal.
The Democratic majority would prove short-lived, however, as Senator Phil Puckett resigned, effective June 8, handing the GOP a majority of 20 to 19.
Cotswold District Council elects 34 Councillors from 32 wards.
So since 2013, the youth sector in the city has no representative to the Council effectively decreasing its membership from 18 to 17.
Gyan Singh took over as temporary speaker after Rohani died of cardiac arrest on 5 November 2013.
The assembly was effectively abolished when the Vietnamese captured Phnom Penh on January 7, 1979, establishing the People's Republic of Kampuchea.
Between 1934 and Newfoundland's entry into Canadian Confederation in 1949, Newfoundland was under Commission of Government, and the General Assembly was suspended.
The number of councillors was reduced from 77 to 70 at the 2017 local election.
The House of Elders or Mesherano Jirga, is the upper house of the bicameral National Assembly of Afghanistan, alongside the lower House of the People.
It consists of 45 councillors, representing 33 wards in the town, overseen by a mayor, leader and cabinet.
If on any circumstance the seat becomes vacant, by-elections are held within 90 days of the vacancy for both the Senate and the House.
Following the 2006 independence referendum, the Parliament declared and ratified the independence of Montenegro on 3 June 2006.
The Counci holds its sitting annually in March at Legislative Council Building in Bandar Seri Begawan.
Manthai East Divisional Council is the local authority for Manthai East DS Division in northern Sri Lanka.
It functioned until the establishment of the German Empire in 1871.
The presiding officer of the Assembly was known in French as "Orateur," a literal translation of the English term, "speaker".
The assembly is responsible for enacting and amending prefectural ordinances, approving the budget and voting on important administrative appointments made by the governor including the vice-governors.
The assembly is presided over by a president, normally from the largest party represented, assisted by vice-presidents from across the represented political spectrum.
The head of government holds the office of Premier of Western Australia.
The Utah State Senate is the upper house of the Utah State Legislature, the state legislature of the U.S. state of Utah.
The Senate has several exclusive powers not granted to the National Assembly, including the powers of making parliamentary bills as a being enforced into law.
It has chapters in all the 41,996 barangays of the country.
Early in 1895, banks from Canada opened branches in Newfoundland to fill the void.
The Cook Islands follows the Westminster system of government, and is governed by a cabinet and Prime Minister commanding a majority in Parliament.
Medway Council is the local authority of Medway in Kent, England.
It is a bicameral institution, consisting of the lower Alaska House of Representatives, with 40 members, and the upper house Alaska Senate, with 20 members.
The Nanded-Waghala City Municipal Corporation is the municipal governing body of the city of Nanded-Waghala in the India state of Maharashtra.
The 22-storeyed structure will be on the lines of the Green Building Concept and will be called the Ahmedabad Habitat Centre.
Buddhism and Hinduism represent 14.5% and 8% of the local population respectively.
The elections are held using closed list proportional representation with seats allocated on a Provincial basis using the D'Hondt method of allocation.
The first board members were elected by the nationwide local elections, which were held on Saturday 9 October 2010.
The 7 constituencies had 27 seats and up to 5 supplementary seats.
The main council building is Northampton Guildhall.
From 1992 to 1997, the RDPC relied on alliances with two smaller parties to secure a parliamentary majority.
The council composes of 35 councilors lastly elected through the 2014 Republic of China local election on 29 November 2014.
Congressional elections are held in even numbered years not divisible by four, even-numbered years divisible by four are reserved for presidential elections.
The authority is controlled by the Conservative Party, who won control in the May 2017 local council election.
The elections for the 296 seats assigned to the British Indian provinces were completed by August 1946.
Voters can vote for a party, which in effect is voting for every MP candidate from that party in that district once.
Bologna is also an important transportation crossroad for the roads and trains of Northern Italy, where many important mechanical, electronic and nutritional industries have their headquarters.
The Manitoba Legislative Building is located in central Winnipeg, at the meeting point of the Wolseley and Fort Rouge constituencies.
As a county council, it is governed by the Local Government Act 2001.
It consists of a Senate with 109 members and a 360-member House of Representatives.
If he does not express opposition within ten days of submission, they become valid.
The Council adopts laws, sets policy, and holds final approval over the budget.
It has 15 seats, making it the smallest state assembly in Malaysia.
The latest election was held on 22 November 2015.
From 1832 to 1934, it had an upper house called the Legislative Council of Newfoundland.
This council also performed the role that today belongs to the Cabinet.
Hajipur Nagar Parisad is the chief nodal agency for the administration of Hajipur.
As of February 2016, the Hluttaw was led by speaker Tar of the National League for Democracy.
The assembly first convened on November 29, 2007 in Montecristi, and was given six months to write a new constitution, with a possible two-month extension.
The Columbus City Council is the lawmaking body of Columbus, Ohio.
The House of Commons of England evolved in the 13th and 14th centuries.
Both of these Dála existed under the proclaimed Irish Republic; it was the Second Dáil which narrowly ratified the Anglo-Irish Treaty.
Like most state legislatures in the United States, the Hawaii State Senate is a part-time body and senators often have active careers outside government.
The Delaware House of Representatives is the lower house of the Delaware General Assembly; the state legislature of the US state of Delaware.
The next election is scheduled for 22 August 2020.
The High Constitutional Court ruled that the Constituent Assembly was unconstitutional on 2 June 2013; the Administrative Court is expected to eventually rule on the constitution.
According to the state constitution of 1890, it is to comprise no more than 122 members elected for four-year terms.
In the 1990s, a multiparty system was introduced in Mauritania.
It has 46 state deputies elected by proportional representation.
In 1869, draft terms for union of Newfoundland with Canada were presented to and accepted by the Canadian parliament.
In this capacity, the House of Lords acts as a check on the House of Commons that is independent from the electoral process.
2nd Parliament of the Province of Canada 1844–1847
The first chairman of the Parliament was Ivar Asjes, while Amerigo Thodé was the vice chairman.
Council voted to amend the boundaries on April 17, 2013.
The country's five main political parties have staged protests against the king, arguing that he must either call fresh elections or reinstate the elected legislature.
Three parties are represented in the parliament: FRELIMO, RENAMO and the Democratic Movement of Mozambique.
The general assembly sat from 1894 to 1897.
As of the 2015 general election, the National League for Democracy won the most contested seats in the legislature, based on the most recent election results.
It is a unitary authority, with the powers and functions of a non-metropolitan county and district council combined.
Today Quebec has a unicameral legislature, whose single house is the National Assembly.
The first session of the 14th Sabah State Legislative Assembly opened on 17 June 2013.
The combined authority does not formally cover all of the Sheffield City Region.
The Senate has 30 members, with two senators, who won the first and second position, serving from each county elected based on popular vote.
The relevant legislative provisions are to be repealed and replaced by an amendment to the Standing Orders of the House of Keys.
The Indiana Senate is the upper house of the Indiana General Assembly, the state legislature of the U.S. state of Indiana.
The National Council approves domestic legislation, constitutional laws, and the annual budget.
There are currently nine members of the council.
Sassoon state that between the Inquisition's beginning in 1561 and its temporary abolition in 1774, some 16,202 persons were brought to trial by the Inquisition.
The development, which is being designed by q-dar and built by Carillion Alawi, is due to complete in 2013.
The Ancients were 250 members who could accept or reject laws put forward by the lower house of the Directory, the Council of Five Hundred.
The current chairperson of the assembly is Teresa Kalina.
Voter turnout in 2014 stood at 42.54% of all European voters.
It comprises seven councillors, three of which were elected unopposed in May 2015, with the remaining four seats filled by co-option.
The board consists of five members elected by district for four-year terms.
Reading Borough Council is the local authority for the Borough of Reading in the English county of Berkshire.
The authority acted in shadow form until the formal creation of the Antrim and Newtownabbey district on 1 April 2015.
The current majority coalition is of the Alliance '90/The Greens and the CDU.
Established under the Bombay Municipal Corporation Act 1888, it is responsible for the civic infrastructure and administration of the city and some suburbs of Mumbai.
It was succeeded by the 3rd Illinois General Assembly.
It was created on October 25, 1979 in La Paz, through the Constitutive Treaty signed by the chancellors of Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and Venezuela.
Tower Hamlets London Borough Council is the local authority for the London Borough of Tower Hamlets in Greater London, England.
The Florida Constitution establishes the powers and duties shared by the House and Senate, which include passing laws, developing an annual state budget, and making investigations.
The members are allocated to twelve standing committees, as well as four procedural committees.
The parliament meets at the Binnenhof in The Hague.
As an elected body, the Legislature of Burma was a bicameral legislature consisting of the 36-seat Senate and the 132-seat House of Representatives.
A subsequent trial of those accused of killing the Orangemen failed to convict anyone because of the lack of witnesses willing to testify.
The head of the council has the title of Mayor.
The successor to the general assembly, the Grand National Assembly of Turkey, was formed by many members of the former Ottoman legislature.
Hikkaduwa Urban Council is the local authority for the town of Hikkaduwa in the Galle District, Southern Province, Sri Lanka.
The current leader of Cotswold District Council is Mark Annett.
It is an industrial city, and well connected through railways and roadways.
Districts are reapportioned decennially by the New Jersey Apportionment Commission following each United States Census, as provided by Article IV, Section III of the state Constitution.
The largest party not forming the government is known as the Official Opposition, its leader being recognized as Leader of the Opposition by the Speaker.
The council meets four times per year, with additional special sessions, at the Navajo Nation Council Chamber, in Window Rock, Arizona.
Hillingdon is divided into 22 wards, electing a total of 65 councillors.
The Jharkhand Vidhan Sabha or the Jharkhand Legislative Assembly is the unicameral state legislature of Jharkhand state in eastern India.
The members of the Politburo are elected by the Central Committee in the immediate aftermath of a National Party Congress.
Initially it had the powers to deal with nuisances and adjudicate the prosecutions of some minor criminal offences.
Loudoun County, Virginia is divided into eight magisterial districts: Algonkian, Ashburn, Blue Ridge, Broad Run, Catoctin, Dulles, Leesburg, and Sterling.
There is approximately the same population in each electorate; however, that has not always been the case.
The Assembly consists of eighty eight Mujtahids that are elected from lists of thoroughly vetted candidates by direct public vote for eight-year terms.
The appointed and ex officio members were transferred to the Senate.
MPs are elected for limited terms, holding office until Parliament is dissolved.
As of the 2015 general election, the National League for Democracy won the most contested seats in the legislature.
It is coterminous with the Orākei ward.
The business of the house was controlled by an elected Speaker.
Members of the Senate are elected to a four-year term.
It was renamed as the Tamil Nadu Legislative Council when the state was renamed as Tamil Nadu in 1969.
The Supreme Soviet of the USSR accepted the Lithuanian petition on August 3, 1940.
The Liberal Party led by Robert Bond formed the government.
The Legislative Council was appointed by the Governor of Newfoundland, not elected.
The House of Representatives was the lower house of the National Assembly of Thailand, the legislative branch of the Thai government.
During periods when the colony was without a Governor, the President of the Council might find himself Acting Governor, also.
The Tampa City Council is the legislative body of the municipal government of the U.S. city of Tampa, in Hillsborough County, Florida.
The New South Wales Legislative Assembly is the lower of the two houses of the Parliament of New South Wales, an Australian state.
The general assembly sat from 1879 to 1882.
Lieutenant Governor George Nigh served as President of the Senate.
The Telangana Legislative Assembly is the lower house of the Telangana Legislature.
At the end of each sitting the House is either prorogued until the next sitting, or dissolved for a general election.
Located in the Holyrood area of the capital city, Edinburgh, it is frequently referred to by the metonym Holyrood.
Effective 2012, the legislature moved into an annual session, with the even-numbered years having a month-long session in February.
The latest election was held on 22 November 2015.
Sir Henry Prescott served as civil governor of Newfoundland.
The seat is in the village of Kárášjohka in Kárášjohka Municipality in Finnmark county.
The West Yorkshire Combined Authority is the combined authority for West Yorkshire in England.
The House of Representatives has 42 members, elected for a four-year terms by proportional representation.
The seat of the Landtag is in the capital city of Bolzano.
It is located in the Government Palace.
The nationwide low turnout is just 5.05%.
The House comprises 150 members, with each member representing around 4,100 citizens.
The houses of the Oireachtas sit in Leinster House in Dublin, an eighteenth-century ducal palace.
This unicameral legislature is currently having 60 seats representing state constituencies elected through a first-past-the-post electoral system across the state.
It follows a Westminster-derived parliamentary system and consists of The Queen, represented by the Governor of Victoria; the Legislative Assembly; and the Legislative Council.
The Senate is the upper house of the Parliament of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The official start date for this council was on 25 January 1997.
In the 2015 parliamentary elections these two-thirds were to be filled with new elected members, completing the 30 senators.
Monaghan County Council is the authority responsible for local government in County Monaghan, Ireland.
Members of the House are officially styled as Representative and sometimes informally called Congressmen/Congresswomen and are elected to a three-year term.
The Argentine Senate is the upper house of the Argentine National Congress.
The President of the Hamburg Parliament is the highest official person of the Free and Hanseatic City of Hamburg.
The Queen is represented in the State by the Governor of South Australia.
The Politburo was the highest policy-making government authority under the Communist Party of the Soviet Union.
The Sevastopol City Council was the unicameral legislature of Sevastopol.
It is a constituent council of Liverpool City Region Combined Authority.
The House of Representatives is headed by the Speaker, currently Pantaleon Alvarez of Davao del Norte.
Ward 56 - Hida ki Mori, Lakshminarain Puri
Lieutenant Governor J. J. McAlester served as the President of the Senate and Elmer Thomas served as the President pro tempore of the Oklahoma Senate.
Bermuda's Parliament was created in 1620, and originally had one house, the House of Assembly.
It was established in 1560, briefly suppressed from 1774–1778, and finally abolished in 1820.
Carlow County Council is the authority responsible for local government in County Carlow, Ireland.
Taninthayi Region Hluttaw is the legislature of the Burmese region of Taninthayi Region in Myanmar.
Altogether, the General Assembly consists of 170 members.
The United Newfoundland Party led by Frederick C. Alderdice formed the government.
The Philippine Organic Act was passed by the United States Congress in 1902; this enshrined into law the Commission's legislative and executive authority.
The Kalyan-Dombivli Municipal Corporation is the governing body of the city of Kalyan-Dombivli, located in the Thane district of the Indian state of Maharashtra.
The most recent general election took place on 18 June 2015 and the Folketing reconvened on 6 October.
The Senate of Canada is a component of the Parliament of Canada, along with the House of Commons and the Monarch.
The National Assembly is the legislative branch of the government of Nicaragua.
The Assam Legislative Assembly is the unicameral legislature of the Indian state of Assam.
It consists of a Senate – the upper house, and a House of Representatives – the lower house, modeled after the United States Congress.
The original upper house was abolished in 2002, making the legislature unicameral.
The assembly is led by a president and, since 2009 five vice presidents — the presidium.
Like the modern Oireachtas, the Free State legislature was dominated by the powerful, directly elected Dáil.
Indore Municipal Corporation is the governing body of the city of Indore in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh.
The current Speaker of the National Assembly is Patrick Pillay, in office since 2016.
The Oregon State Senate is the upper house of the statewide legislature for the US state of Oregon.
As of the 2015 general election, the National League for Democracy won the most contested seats in the legislature, based on the most recent election results.
Since 2 May 2013 the council has used the leader and cabinet model of executive arrangements.
It was transformed into the Texas Legislature upon annexation of Texas by the United States in 1846.
As Bhubaneswar's apex body, the corporation discharges its functions through the mayor-in-council, which comprises a mayor, a deputy mayor, and other elected members of the BMC.
There are no term limits for the Senate.
The House is also one of the five lower houses of state legislatures in the United States that is elected every four years.
The overall voting system used to elect the House of Representatives is a parallel system, a form of semi-proportional representation.
The assembly considered these actions to violate the parliamentary privilege of the Newfoundland legislature and ordered Kielley arrested.
The Northern Ireland Assembly is the devolved legislature of Northern Ireland.
It succeeded the Council of the Governor-General of India, and was succeeded by the Constituent Assembly of India and the Constituent Assembly of Pakistan.
The Nevada Assembly is the lower house of the Nevada Legislature, the state legislature of the US state of Nevada.
The Parliament of the Republic of Kazakhstan is the bicameral legislature of Kazakhstan, according to the 1995 Constitution of Kazakhstan.
Sai Kung District Council is the district council for the Sai Kung District in Hong Kong and one of 18 district councils.
When these boroughs were disfranchised at the under the Act of Union, the patron was awarded £15,000 compensation for each.
In the Commons, business was presided over by the Speaker.
The Parliament of Antigua and Barbuda consists of:
As of February 2016, the Hluttaw was led by speaker Sai Long Hseng of the Union Solidarity and Development Party.
Sir William MacGregor served as governor of Newfoundland.
It replaced Lisburn City Council and Castlereagh Borough Council.
The council was established under the Municipalities Ordinance of 1878 as a Local Board of Negombo and Gate Mudaliyar A.E.
Bills for raising revenue may only originate in the Oklahoma House of Representatives.
On 16 March 2005, Prince Ermias Sahle Selassie was reaffirmed by his second cousin Prince Zera Yacob as the President of the Crown Council of Ethiopia.
Point Pedro Urban Council is the local authority for the town of Point Pedro in northern Sri Lanka.
The National Assembly is the unicameral parliament and body of the legislative of Bulgaria.
If a vacancy occurs in an Assembly seat between elections, it may be filled only by a special election.
The House is presided over by the Speaker of the House, who is elected from among the House membership by the Delegates.
The Penang State Legislative Assembly is the state legislature of the Malaysian state of Penang.
The Legislature has been unicameral since its establishment; there has never been a provincial upper house.
The latest election was held on 22 November 2015.
The "democratic centralist" principle extended to the ballot box as well.
The Borough can trace its history back to 27 August 1890 when the Municipal Borough of Bournemouth was created by Royal Charter.
For electoral purposes, it is divided into five electoral divisions.
The Bihar Legislative Assembly, also known as the Bihar Vidhan Sabha, is the lower house of the bicameral legislature of the Indian state of Bihar.
It consists of 13 members, elected from separate wards to four-year terms in office.
The council met at City Hall in Waterford.
Slough Borough Council is the local authority for the Borough of Slough, in the South East England Region of the United Kingdom.
Elections were held every five years and were by single transferable vote.
To be eligible, candidates must be Peruvian citizens, have passed their 25th birthday, and not have had their right to vote suspended.
The Dhule Municipal Corporation is the governing body of the city of Dhule in the Indian state of Maharashtra.
GMC was formed in the year 1971 by the Guwahati Municipal Corporation Act, 1969.
The National Assembly initiates and approves laws.
Each district has a population of approximately 30,464 as of the 2010 United States Census.
The legislative session convenes at the Kansas State Capitol in Topeka annually.
The Greater Manchester Combined Authority is the combined authority of Greater Manchester, England.
The delegates also urged each colony to set up and train its own militia.
There was 60.48% voter turnout in first election held on 22 February 2015.
As of July 2015, the North East district covers:
The county council was based in Bristol at Avon House and Avon House North.
The members of the 27th General Assembly of Newfoundland were elected in the Newfoundland general election held in June 1928.
The city of Freetown is politically divided into three regions: East End Freetown, Central Freetown and the West End of Freetown, which are subdivided into wards.
The unicameral parliament has 200 members and normally meets in the Parliament House in Helsinki.
Since 1 April 2014 it has been a constituent council of the West Yorkshire Combined Authority.
The leader of the party or coalition with the confidence of the House of Assembly is invited by the Governor to form the Government.
The youth representation will be filled again in the upcoming 2016 elections.
Southern District currently consists of 17 members, of which the district is divided into 17 constituencies, electing a total of 17 members.
Others were subjected to lesser punishments or penance, but the fate of many of those tried by the Inquisition is unknown.
Despite his political maneuvering, the governor found opposition to many of his proposals.
The Senate consists of 42 members, with each senator representing an equal amount of single-member constituent districts across the state.
The Constitution of Georgia grants Parliament of Georgia central legislative power, which is limited by the Parliaments of the autonomous republics of Adjara and Abkhazia.
Sittings of the House are usually open to the public, but the House may at any time vote to sit in private.
It is located in a historic building, Mariinsky Palace.
The Legislative Assembly of Pernambuco is the unicameral legislature of Pernambuco state in Brazil.
The coup abolished the Directory, and replaced it with the French Consulate led by Bonaparte.
The changes took effect for the 2008 State election.
The Term of the Vidhan Sabha is five years unless dissolved earlier.
The Parliament of Pakistan,; is the federal and supreme legislative body of Pakistan.
It has the most number of seats among other county councils in Taiwan.
The Legislative Council, or upper house, is one of the two chambers of the Parliament of South Australia.
The County Hall was designed by Percy Thomas in 1935 but not completed until 1955.
The Portuguese Inquisition was formally established in Portugal in 1536 at the request of its king, John III.
Presently, 288 members of the Legislative Assembly are directly elected from the single-seat constituencies and one member is nominated.
In 1894 the Constitution of the Republic of Hawaii renamed the upper house the present senate.
The Grand and General Council is the parliament of San Marino.
The District of Keewatin was created by the passage of the Keewatin Act on October 7, 1876 from a portion of Canada's North West Territories.
It is regarded as a house of review for legislation passed by the Legislative Assembly, the lower house.
The remaining member is nominated as a representative of the Anglo Indian community.
In the previous redistricting there were 19 districts, two of which were multimember.
In the 1959 general elections, the People's Action Party swept to power, and its leader Lee Kuan Yew was appointed Prime Minister of Singapore.
The Chamber of States itself was abolished on 8 December 1958.
The North Dakota Legislative Assembly is the state legislature of the U.S. state of North Dakota.
It was created under the new Constitution adopted by referendum in 2003.
In 1995, it became the lower house of a bicameral Parliament, but the upper house was abolished in 2002.
The council is composed of 66 councilors elected from single non-transferable vote for four-year terms.
The council appoints members to Devon and Somerset Fire and Rescue Authority and the Devon and Cornwall Police and Crime Panel.
The French economy was in continual crisis during the Directory.
At present, it consists of 117 members, directly elected from 117 single-seat constituencies.
The members of the 4th General Assembly of Newfoundland were elected in the Newfoundland general election held in 1848.
Ward 40 - Mahaveer Nagar I, Ayappa Temple, Muktanand Nagar, Jaipuria hospital, Jawahar Nagar, Shiv Colony
The Council comprises forty members elected by universal suffrage.
The mayor can veto proposed bills, but the council can override it with a two-thirds supermajority.
The Sejm of the Republic of Poland is the lower house of the Polish parliament.
All representatives were to be elected simultaneously by secret ballot for five year terms, with the first and only elections taking place on March 20, 1976.
House members represent single-member districts within the counties drawn up by the National Elections Commission and serve six-year terms.
The PPj main headquarters is located at Precinct 3, Persiaran Perdana, Putrajaya.
The council is responsible for housing and community, roads and transportation, urban planning and development, amenity and culture, and environment.
The current president of the national council is Laurent Nouvion.
Francis J. Morris served as speaker until 1910 when William Warren succeeded Morris as speaker.
It was a fully nominated body which first took office on 1 May 1860.
The Thirty-second Oklahoma Legislature was a meeting of the legislative branch of the government of Oklahoma, composed of the Senate and the House of Representatives.
Both houses meet in the Federal Palace of Switzerland in Berne.
The unicameral National Assembly is Togo's legislative body.
Expenditure for the year 2013/2014 is budgeted to be £127 million.
The premier acts as Newfoundland and Labrador's head of government, while the Queen of Canada acts as its head of state.
The Irish House of Lords was the upper house of the Parliament of Ireland that existed from medieval times until 1800.
The Louisiana State Senate is the upper house of the state legislature of Louisiana.
The Legislature meets in the Capitol building in Lansing, Michigan.
All laws passed by the NSA were valid until repealed by the assembly itself.
The PLC moved to Hong Kong and replaced the legislature after the Transfer of Sovereignty of 1997, until the next general election in 1998.
The Liberal Party led by Joey Smallwood formed the government.
The New Democratic Party won the remaining seven seats.
The head of the council has the title of Cathaoirleach.
The Minnesota Legislature is the bicameral legislature of the U.S. state of Minnesota consisting of two houses: the Senate and the House of Representatives.
The first elections in decades were held only in September 2005, four years after the fall of the Taliban regime, still under international supervision.
In odd-numbered years, when the state budget is completed, session lasts from January to June.
The parliament is headed by a speaker, who is elected from among the members.
Clockwise, from the north, it borders the communities of Maresfield, Buxted, Framfield and Little Horsted.
The Senate was filled mainly with men who were supportive of the Shah's aims, as intended by Pahlavi.
The San Diego Association of Governments is an association of local San Diego County governments.
In 1776 the colony became the independent Commonwealth of Virginia and the House of Burgesses became the House of Delegates.
Mayo County council is the authority responsible for local government in County Mayo, Ireland.
In the current ministry only one of the nine ministers sits in the Legislative Council.
The population was 25,709 at the 2010 census.
Napoleon brought authoritarian personal rule which has been viewed as military dictatorship.
Under Poynings' Law of 1495, all Acts of Parliament had to be pre-approved by the Irish Privy Council and English Privy Council.
The National Assembly is one of the two components of the Parliament of Guyana.
The National Assembly is the lower house of the Parliament of Kenya.
The Łódź Regional Assembly is the regional legislature of the voivodeship of Łódź, Poland.
The Cabuyao City Council is Cabuyao City's Sangguniang Panlungsod or legislative body.
In addition, the legislature occasionally meets on Saturdays to make-up for recesses on holidays such as Presidents' Day and Martin Luther King, Jr. Day.
Combined together, the General Assembly consists of 140 elected representatives from an equal number of constituent districts across the commonwealth.
The President of the Ohio Senate presides over the body when in session, and is currently Larry Obhof.
Members are term-limited to eight consecutive years; however, there is no limit on the total number of terms.
If no majority is possible then a minority government can be formed with a confidence and supply arrangement.
The City Council also has offices within Komtar, the tallest skyscraper in George Town.
During the War of 1812, American troops set fire to the buildings of the Assembly.
The former Parliament of Nepal was dissolved by King Gyanendra in 2002, on the grounds that it was incapable of handling the Maoist rebels.
The general assembly sat from December 14, 1848, to 1852.
Following the 2014 election, the lower house consisted of 23 Labor, 22 Liberal and 2 independents, Geoff Brock and Bob Such.
The Prime Ministers, in chronological order, from 1996 are: Giancarlo Pagliarini, Vito Gnutti, Manuela Dal Lago, Mario Borghezio, Francesco Speroni and Roberto Maroni.
The Nantou County Council is the elected county council of Nantou County, Republic of China.
Voting is by the optional preferential system.
The Estates of Sint Maarten consists of 15 members, each elected for a four-year term in a general election.
The Canarian Parliament is the regional legislature of the Canary Islands, an autonomous community of Spain.
Under applicable laws, the remaining seventy-five representatives were elected from party lists.
Prince William County, Virginia is divided into seven magisterial districts: Brentsville, Coles, Gainesville, Neabsco, Occoquan, Potomac, and Woodbridge.
5–6 January] 1918, whereupon it was dissolved by the All-Russian Central Executive Committee, making the Third All-Russian Congress of Soviets the new governing body of Russia.
Another election was held in June 2010 as a result of the continuing deadlock.
The House is composed of 100 members representing an equal number of constituent districts.
The National Assembly, a 498-member unicameral body elected to a five-year term, meets twice a year.
It forms the legislative body of the province.
It has 9 members elected using the open list proportional representation system.
The seat of assembly is the Old Secretariat building, which is also the seat of the Delhi Government.
The number can be increased by the parliament as long as it doesn't exceed two thirds of the number of representatives.
The upper house in the bicameral parliament was called the Senate.
Singapore gained independence from Britain by joining Malaysia in 1963, but became a fully independent republic on 9 August 1965.
Overwhelmed by debt, the government proposed that it would temporarily reduce its debt payments.
The States General is the bicameral legislature of the Netherlands, consisting of the Senate and the House of Representatives.
It is composed of 35 members elected from single-member districts, with each district having a population of about 123,000 as of the 2000 census.
The Kerala Legislative Assembly, popularly known as the Niyamasabha, is the law making body of Kerala, one of the 29 States in India.
The state legislature meets at the Capitol in Austin.
The Estates General of 1632 was a parliamentary assembly of representatives of the constituent provinces of the Habsburg Netherlands.
The next election to the authority will be in 2018.
60 to 62, 64, 65, 70, and 71.
The Indiana House of Representatives is the lower house of the Indiana General Assembly, the state legislature of the United States state of Indiana.
After the votes were counted, party strengths in Congress were as follows:
Transport policy of the combined authority is delivered by the Merseytravel functional body.
The States of Zeeland vɑn ˈzeːlɑnt]) are the States-Provincial for the Dutch province of Zeeland.
The members will meet in October and choose the Premier, Speaker and the Cabinet.
Barking and Dagenham is divided into 17 wards, each electing three councillors.
Republicans hold a long-standing supermajority in both houses of the state legislature, despite a short-lived dominance by the Populist Party.
Senate elections took place on 29 July 2005.
Biennial terms commence on the first Wednesday following the first Monday in January.
It was preceded by the Supreme Soviet.
Tynwald, or more formally, the High Court of Tynwald or Tynwald Court is the legislature of the Isle of Man.
The Mayor carry out laws pass by the city council.
Each element has its own officers and organization.
E. Blumhagen served as Speaker of the Oklahoma House of Representatives.
Wicklow County Council is the authority responsible for local government in County Wicklow, Ireland.
Lieutenant Governor Spencer Bernard served as the President of the Senate.
Half of the presidential nominees have to be women, two representatives from the disabled and impaired and two from the Kuchis.
It is situated at Delhi, the state capital of Delhi, with 70 Members of the Legislative Assembly.
The Sri Jayawardenapura Kotte Municipal Council is the local council for Sri Jayawardenapura Kotte, is the administrative city of Sri Lanka.
The candidates with the highest amount of votes in each district, depending on the number of members the district sends, are elected.
The current speaker of the house is Brij Behari Lal Butail.
The U.S. Constitution requires that all bills regarding taxation must originate in the House of Representatives.
As of February 2016, the Hluttaw was led by speaker Aung Kyaw Khaing of the National League for Democracy.
The session began on January 8, 1873, and adjourned on March 31, 1874.
KDC is responsible for providing a variety of local public services including roads, sanitation, drains, housing, libraries, public parks and recreational facilities.
It was originally formed in 1889 by the Local Government Act 1888.
Lincolnshire County Council is the county council that governs the non-metropolitan county of Lincolnshire in England.
It was not re-established until the collapse of communism and rebirth of democracy in Poland in 1989.
Sandwell is divided into 24 Wards and is represented by 72 ward councillors.
The council is responsible for housing and community, roads and transportation, urban planning and development, amenity and culture, and environment.
It is a unitary authority, having the powers of a non-metropolitan county and district council combined.
The Supreme Assembly is the parliament of Uzbekistan.
The current chairperson of the legislature is Ludwik Rakowski.
In even-numbered years, sessions may not last more than 60 legislative days, and cannot extend beyond April 15.
Originally established under New Zealand colonial rule, it became the national legislature on independence in 1965.
Its name roughly translated into English as "the Consultative Council".
The Council consists of 51 elected councillors, representing twenty-five electoral wards.
It is a bicameral parliament, composed of the Congress of Deputies and the Senate.
Bolton Metropolitan Borough Council is the local authority of the Metropolitan Borough of Bolton in Greater Manchester, England.
Ward 52 - Sanganeri Gate, Anaj Mandi
All enactments of the States of Guernsey apply to Herm as well as Guernsey, since Herm is wholly owned by the States of Guernsey.
The history of the Polish Senate is rich in tradition and stretches back over 500 years.
The Iowa House of Representatives is the lower house of the Iowa General Assembly.
The Pasir Gudang Municipal Council is a local authority which administrates Pasir Gudang and other areas of the Iskandar Malaysia area.
Elections are held every five years and are by single transferable vote.
This caused a run by customers on the two remaining banks, the Union Bank of Newfoundland and the Savings Bank of Newfoundland.
In 1935, the Commonwealth of the Philippines was established and the National Assembly of the Philippines replaced the Philippine Legislature.
South-West Africa People's Organisation - 40 Seats
The head of the council had the title of Mayor.
The 6th Northwest Territories Legislative Council was the 13th assembly of the territorial government.
These are the names of deputy speakers of the National Assembly of Pakistan.
The National Convention was the third government of the French Revolution, following the two-year National Constituent Assembly and the one-year Legislative Assembly.
Total six national parties, three state parties, forty-one registered parties and other independent candidates contested for 70 assembly seats.
The Sixteenth Legislative Assembly has total of 404 MLAs against a total strength of 404 members.
Jaipur Municipal Corporation is responsible for maintaining the city's civic infrastructure and carrying out associated administrative duties.
Current chamber was elected on 12 October 2014.
Members serve four-year terms with a term limit of three terms.
This council was established after the city was officially granted city status on 20 May 2005.
The total number of senators is set at 48 by the Oklahoma Constitution.
Haa Alif Atoll is the third-largest atoll in the Maldives in terms of population and land area.
As at 28 February 2017 legislation is under way to change the method by which the Keys elect MLCs.
These are Obwalden, Nidwalden, Basel-Stadt, Basel-Landschaft, Appenzell Ausserrhoden and Appenzell Innerrhoden.
Consequently, MAS-IPSP had 84 members in the Chambers of Deputies, while the MSM has four.
This situation has been criticised by Namibia's civil society and the opposition as creating a significant overlap between executive and legislature, undermining the separation of powers.
There are 7 members from 7 wards who are elected to four-year terms.
The Hsinchu County Council is the elected county council of Hsinchu County, Republic of China.
The official headquarters of the House of Representatives is at the Batasang Pambansa located in the Batasan Hills in Quezon City in Metro Manila.
All the members of Durham's Council were British officials who had arrived in Canada as part of his entourage.
The Autonomous Regional Council of the South Caribbean Coast, abbreviated as the CRACCS, is the devolved legislature of the South Caribbean Coast Autonomous Region.
Pune is divided into forty-eight municipal wards, each represented by 3 members and overseen by an assistant municipal commissioner for administrative purposes.
Sir Alexander Bannerman served as colonial governor of Newfoundland until 1864.
Mayor of Kandy and the council members are elected through local government elections held once in five years.
At the same time, it was to proclaim independence from Spain, and write the first constitution of the young state.
At the time of its formation in 1889 there were six county boroughs; Bradford, Halifax, Huddersfield, Leeds, Sheffield and York.
The territory operates by consensus government; there are no political parties.
The House of Elders primarily has an advisory role rather than a maker of law.
The municipal corporation consists of democratically elected members, is headed by a mayor and administers the city's infrastructure, public services and police.
Thomas R. Bennett was chosen as speaker.
The House of Representatives has 166 members elected for four-year terms.
The council composes of 19 councilors lastly elected through the 2014 Republic of China local election on 29 November 2014.
This was intended to make chambers equally sized, because there are not enough deputies from national districts.
The body existed from 1775 to 1845.
Cheshire West and Chester Council is the local authority of Cheshire West and Chester.
There are presently 88 members of the Legislative Assembly elected from single-member divisions.
The incumbent vice mayor is Rex Mangubat, incumbent since 2016.
The South Dakota Legislative Research Council is the governmental agency under the legislative branch of the government of South Dakota.
Mid and East Antrim Borough Council is a local authority that was established on 1 April 2015.
VSTDC is responsible for providing a variety of local public services including roads, sanitation, drains, housing, libraries, public parks and recreational facilities.
Since Tamil Nadu has a unicameral legislature, the terms Tamil Nadu Legislature and Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly are almost synonymous and are often confused.
The two houses are similar in most respects; the Senate alone holds the right to confirm gubernatorial appointments to certain offices.
The assembly elects a president who presides over the sessions.
The 1970 assembly framed the 1973 Constitution which was passed on 12 April and promulgated on 14 August 1973.
The Soviet of the Republic was established in 1989, as one of the chambers of the formerly unicameral Supreme Soviet, and elected in 1990.
The General Assembly meets in the Illinois State Capitol in Springfield, Illinois.
the governor had convinced state senator Tom Anglin to run for the Oklahoma House of Representatives, assuring him that he would be elected as Speaker.
The Arkansas State Senate is the upper branch of the Arkansas General Assembly.
The Parliament of Morocco is the bicameral legislature located in Rabat, the capital of Morocco.
William Anthony Paddon served as lieutenant governor of Newfoundland.
Along with the Senate, it comprises the Florida Legislature.
Elections were held to the council in 1973, 1977 and 1981.
The House of Representatives consists of 151 members, each chosen from single-member constituencies, as well as three non-voting members.
From 1979 to 2000, it was at Bairiki.
By convention, Speakers are normally addressed in Parliament as Mister Speaker, if a man, or Madam Speaker, if a woman.
Although the Convention lasted until 1795, power was effectively stripped from the elected deputies and concentrated in the small Committee of Public Safety from April 1793.
The Kentucky House of Representatives convenes at the State Capitol in Frankfort.
The House is composed of 75 representatives elected from single member constituent districts.
The government of Gen. Pervez Musharraf raised the membership of the Senate from 87 to 100 in 2002.
Murray, a former House speaker, helped Wilburton editor Carlton Weaver become Speaker; both were members of the constitutional convention.
Petronille Vaweka is the chairperson of the Assembly and represents the province in the National Assembly in Kinshasa.
The Sarawak State Legislative Assembly is the state legislature of the Malaysian state of Sarawak.
It represents the 120 million inhabitants of the Andean Region, whose member states are Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and Chile.1
Since 1681, it has been formally called the Diet of the Kingdom of Croatia, Dalmatia and Slavonia.
It is a London borough council, one of 32 in the United Kingdom capital of London.
Voting takes place using a three round system.
The Liberal and New Democratic Party opposition was greatly decreased from what it was after the 1999 election.
Interim appointments are made to fill vacant legislative seats by the county committee or committees of the party of the vacating person.
Representatives Hall is thus the oldest chamber in the United States still in continuous legislative use.
Each cabinet member has their own portfolio about which they make the "day to day" decisions.
Of the three appointed by the Governor, the Senate elects one to serve as the President, and another to serve as the Deputy President.
It had the same secretary as the Second Continental Congress, namely Charles Thomson.
From 1984 to 2001, the election threshold was 5% in each province.
The current legislature was elected on 7 May 2014 and has an African National Congress majority of 20 members.
The Nebraska Territorial Legislature was held from January 16, 1855 until 1865 in Omaha City, Nebraska Territory.
It is a member of the East of England Local Government Association.
The FNC consist of 40 members with advisory tasks in the house of legislative council.
The Senate's prerogatives and powers are similar to those of the other house, the House of Representatives.
Hindu-Muslim riots began, and the Muslim League demanded a separate constituent assembly for Muslims in India.
Composed of 90 legislators, the state legislature meets in the Capitol Complex in the state capital of Phoenix, Arizona.
The city is divided up into 18 Wards each with three councillors.
Sir Leonard Outerbridge served as lieutenant governor of Newfoundland until 1957.
The House of Councillors is the upper house of the National Diet of Japan.
It was established in 1974 as a successor council to the Knutsford Urban District Council.
The head of the council had the title of Cathaoirleach.
As a matter of practice and custom, the Commons is the dominant chamber.
Under Article 51 of the Constitution of Guyana, the Parliament of Guyana consists of the President and the National Assembly.
The mayor was chosen by the council from among its members.
It is one of the two chambers of the Parliament, the other being the House of Assembly.
The current President of the Senate is Kengo Wa Dondo, elected in May 2007.
Members were appointed by the New Brunswick lieutenant governor.
The Legislative Council of Lower Canada; and the
The House has a total of 23 members.
The President delivered his address during this ceremonial opening of the Eleventh Parliament.
They are not subject to term limits.
The congress consists of 130 members, who are elected for five-year periods in office on a proportional representation basis.
The council composes of 24 councilors lastly elected through the Taiwanese local elections, 2014.
It met at the Barasoain Church in Malolos, Bulacan.
The building formerly housed the national parliament.
The head of the council has the title of Mayor.
Vacancies are filled through appointment by the Governor.
The number of members has ranged from 82 elected in 1982 to 88 elected in 2016.
The National Assembly of Soviets was the legislature of the Hungarian Soviet Republic.
Initially the seat of the Pan-African Parliament was in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia but it was later moved to Midrand, South Africa.
The first meeting was held on 10 March 1990, the last – 11 November 1992.
The Legislative Assembly of Sergipe is the unicameral legislature of Sergipe state in Brazil.
The governing party sits on the left side of the speaker of the House of Assembly as opposed to the traditional right side of the speaker.
Carter formed a coalition government with Liberals Ambrose Shea and John Kent.
The 15th Northwest Territories Legislative Assembly is the 23rd sitting legislature or council in Northwest Territories history.
Members of the Legislative Council are often referred to as MLCs.
The current Minister-President of Saarland is Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer.
Tsuen Wan District Council is the district council for the Tsuen Wan District in Hong Kong.
The National Assembly of Soviets met only once between 14 and 23 June 1919.
Aldridge-Brownhills Urban District was created from the majority of the former Urban Districts of Aldridge and Brownhills, along with some smaller areas from other local authorities.
Following the most recent election, the Progressives, three of the six independents and the Democrats formed a historic national unity government.
The 920 membership of MPR continued for the periods of 1977–1982 and 1982–1987.
The PMC controls the whole administration of Pune.
Temporary Assistance for Needy Families, a federal welfare program
Prior to 2003 the Parliament of Rwanda was unicameral.
the third, appointed by Sir John Colborne, existed from November 2, 1838 to February 10, 1841.
The Legislative Assembly was the elected lower house.
As of 2011 it is the second least populous district of Jammu and Kashmir, after Kargil.
It met in Oklahoma City from January 4, 2005 to January 2, 2007, during the second two years of the first term of Governor Brad Henry.
Barisan Nasional retained the majority while Pakatan Rakyat and State Reform Party became the Opposition and the third party respectively.
Political parties were not established in the State at the time.
It was established by the first Indian Council Act of 1861, enacted in the British parliament in the aftermath of the Indian Rebellion of 1857.
The council was under no overall control from the 1980s until 2012 when the Labour Party took control.
It met in Oklahoma City from January 7, 1997, to January 5, 1999, during the second two years of the first term of Governor Frank Keating.
The two Houses of Parliament sit in Parliament House in the state capital, Perth.
The Assembly is formed by 140 elected representatives and one nominated member from the Anglo-Indian community.
There were no Republican state senators in 1937 and only three state representatives.
The Committee has jurisdiction over all taxation, tariffs, and other revenue-raising measures, as well as a number of other programs including:
The Liberal Party led by Richard Squires formed the government in partnership with members of the Fishermen's Protective Union.
The Inatsisartut, also known as the Parliament of Greenland in English, is the unicameral parliament of Greenland, the autonomous country of the Kingdom of Denmark.
The NEC have the authority to look after the election of representatives from all the emirates of the UAE to the Federal National Council.
Between 1920-1937, the Legislative Council was a unicameral legislature for the Madras Presidency.
As a consequence, Quebec has a unicameral legislature.
The territory of BMC is commensurate with that of Manmunai North Divisional Secretariat.
The legislature meets at the Wyoming State Capitol in Cheyenne.
In the history of the Polish parliament, it succeeded the Sejm of the Duchy of Warsaw.
It was abolished in 2014 when the Local Government Reform Act 2014 was implemented.
Members from the state's leading various political parties hold elected offices in the corporation.
Since 2009 it has been a unitary authority, having the powers of a non-metropolitan county and district council combined.
Eastbourne and Hastings are mainly urban areas.
The Thirty-eighth Oklahoma Legislature was a meeting of the legislative branch of the government of Oklahoma, composed of the Senate and the House of Representatives.
Because of World War I, the general election which would normally have occurred in 1917 was delayed by a year.
The 11th Regional Legislature was formed after regional elections held on 14 October 2012, in which the Azores Socialist Party.
The Government of India Act of 1935 abolished dyarchy and created a bicameral legislature in the Madras Presidency.
Ingrid Moses-Scatliffe was elected Speaker of the House on 14 September 2007.
Prior to the 11th Parliament, it had served as the unicameral, and until 1966, bicameral, legislature of the country.
The board's current chief executive is Marshal Wojciech Saługa of Civic Platform.
After the 2010 elections, for the first time in 136 years, both houses came under Republican control.
The members of the 32nd General Assembly of Newfoundland were elected in the Newfoundland general election held in August 1959.
There are 60 Representatives in the House, representing an equal amount of single-member constituent districts across the state, each with a population of at least 9,000.
The county council was based in Bedford.
In the Kingdom of Poland, "Sejm" referred to the entire three-chamber parliament of Poland, comprising the lower house, the upper house and the King.
The council is currently composed of the following councillors:
The Chairman of the Federation Council is the third most important position after the President and the Prime Minister.
The Senate is a legislative body, composed of 61 members.
This led to the passage of the Home Rule Act of 1975, which created county councils that were independent of the General Assembly.
The 121 members are elected in universal, direct, free, equal and secret elections every five years.
In 1916, the Jones Act replaced the Philippine Organic Act and the Assembly became the current House of Representatives of the Philippines.
It takes 30 affirmative votes to pass legislation during final action.
The Senate is the upper house of the Polish parliament, the lower house being the 'Sejm'.
It consists of 35 Senators elected to two-year terms, each representing a district of the state.
After the promulgation of the 2017 constitution in April 2017, the NAT was reestablished.
The People's Soviet, formerly the Supreme Council, is the legislature of the unrecognised Donetsk People's Republic.
The Colorado General Assembly is the state legislature of the State of Colorado.
Two for each of the 31 states and two for the Federal District elected under the principle of relative majority;
The corporators of the administration are elected by the people through a popular vote, and almost all the state political parties participate in the election.
It was a unicameral body with 132 members, elected from 16 electoral districts of the Palestinian National Authority in the West Bank and Gaza Strip.
Deputies are elected to represent one of five constituencies: Kurzeme, Latgale, Riga, Vidzeme, and Zemgale.
It consists of 36 members who represent single-member constituencies throughout the state.
The Newfoundland Railway Company laid 92 kilometres of track before going into receivership in 1884.
The October Revolution ousted the provisional government, making the Congress of Soviets the sole, and supreme governing body.
The Pan-African Parliament, also known as the African Parliament, is the legislative body of the African Union and held its inaugural session in March 2004.
For the period of 1999–2004 the membership of MPR was only 700, likewise for the 2004–2009 period.
The council was established under the Municipalities Ordinance of 1865 as the third municipal council of Sri Lanka.
It is one of 18 district council.
The Provincial Assembly of Balochistan is one of the four provincial assemblies of Pakistan.
It consists of 45 members representing single-member constituencies throughout the state.
Manchester City Council is the local government authority for Manchester, a city and metropolitan borough in Greater Manchester, England.
If a candidate achieves a quota, their surplus votes are redistributed as preferences.
All councillors are chosen during regional elections for a four-year term.
Cleveland City Council is the legislative branch of the government of the City of Cleveland in Ohio.
The Speaker of the Council, the Majority Leader, and the Minority Leader are all ex officio members of every committee.
Seats 2, 4 and 6 will be up for election in 2017.
Following the Lower Canada Rebellion, on March 27, 1838, the Constitutional Act of 1791 was suspended and both the Legislative Assembly and Legislative Council were dissolved.
Secretaries of the Secretariat are considered some of the most important political positions in the Communist Party and in contemporary China more generally.
VSSDC is responsible for providing a variety of local public services including roads, sanitation, drains, housing, libraries, public parks and recreational facilities.
Although most of the legislations still originate from the government, such legislations are now more hotly debated in the National Assembly and attract more audiences.
The District Council is part of a three-tier government with Devon County Council above and town and parish councils below.
The Oklahoma Constitution established the powers of the Oklahoma House of Representatives in 1907.
As a city council, it was governed by the Local Government Act 2001.
The constitutions of Year X and Year XII reinforced the importance of the Sénat conservateur.
Most of the early members of the Council came from wealthy families, were well educated and were born in England.
The upper house of the Oklahoma Legislature is the Oklahoma Senate.
It is made up of 265 members: 208 elected by popular vote, and 57 appointed by the regional legislatures.
Each district elects one Senator and two Assemblymen.
However, they also include some hereditary peers including four dukes.
A total of 131 seats are reserved for representatives of Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes.
House of Representatives - The lower house
Each of the state's 30 legislative districts elects two representatives.
Its 39 seats are distributed every four years in provincial elections.
Presently, the legislative assembly consists of 200 members.
The directly elected mayor is Ros Jones
Some powers of the county council were restored when the district councils delegated strategic responsibilities to the county-wide Association of Greater Manchester Authorities and joint boards.
The Aurangabad Municipal Corporation is the governing body of the city of Aurangabad in the Indian state of Maharashtra.
It dissolved on 30 September 1791 and was succeeded by the Legislative Assembly.
From 1925 to 1955, elections were under the single transferable vote form of proportional representation.
The Senate is one of two parts of the Parliament of Bermuda, the other being the House of Assembly.
The council composes of 38 councilors lastly elected through the 2014 Republic of China local election on 29 November 2014.
The Senate is the upper house of the South Dakota State Legislature.
The President may, however, call special sessions which are usually held between regular legislative sessions to handle emergencies or urgent matters.
The Court of Aldermen meets nine times a year in the Aldermen's Court Room at Guildhall.
Unlike the similar system in place for Vancouver City Council elections, however, North Bay municipal politics does not have a political party system.
The district of Telford and Wrekin was granted borough status in 2002, though the council does not ordinarily include "Borough" in its name.
In terms of membership, it is the largest upper house of any U.S. state legislature.
The powers and functions of the legislature expanded throughout its history.
Roscommon County Council is the authority responsible for local government in County Roscommon, Ireland.
According to the Constitution, the Sobranie represents the people and is vested with legislative power.
It was created when the old Province of Quebec was split into Lower Canada and Upper Canada in 1791.
The Bangsamoro Parliament will be the legislature of Bangsamoro Autonomous Region, a proposed autonomous region of the Philippines.
Monroe resigned as prime minister in August 1928 and was succeeded by Frederick C. Alderdice.
Composed of 165 state lawmakers, the state legislature meets at the Kansas State Capitol in Topeka once a year in regular session.
The Senate consists of four year terms and the House consists of two year terms.
The Zanzibar House of Representatives is the unicameral, subnational legislature of the semi-autonomous islands of Zanzibar in Tanzania.
The California State Assembly is the lower house of the California State Legislature.
1st Parliament of the Province of Canada 1841–1843
The Central American Parliament, also known as PARLACEN, is the political institution and parliamentary body of Central American Integration System.
Moreover, each county's General Assembly delegation also doubled as its county council, as the state constitution made no provision for local government.
It has 12 members elected using the open list proportional representation system.
The Penghu County Council is the elected county council of Penghu County, Republic of China.
It is a unitary authority, having the powers of a non-metropolitan county and district council combined.
In this sitting the Speaker and Deputy Speaker were elected, and MPs sworn in.
The Legislative Assembly is the second largest Canadian provincial deliberative assembly by number of members after the National Assembly of Quebec.
As a county council, it is governed by the Local Government Act 2001.
National Assembly, the upper chamber with 33 members, 25 elected for a five-year term by deputies of local majlisi and 8 appointed by the president.
All bills must usually be passed by both the Dewan Rakyat and the Dewan Negara, before they are sent to the King for royal assent.
The 1993 amendment of the Act brought about fundamental changes in composition, functions, governance and administration of the corporation.
The Pennsylvania General Assembly is the state legislature of the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.
Bristol has 35 wards, electing a total of 70 councillors.
Today, there are 101 House members, each representing a legislative district.
The Commons was directly elected, albeit on a very restricted franchise.
The Junta initially had representatives from only Buenos Aires.
The Supreme Soviet was established in August 1940 when the People's Seimas declared itself the provisional Supreme Soviet.
After the All-Ukrainian National Congress, the Council became the revolutionary parliament in the interbellum lasting until the Ukrainian-Soviet War.
The Riksdag is the national legislature and the supreme decision-making body of Sweden.
MCD came into existence on the 7th of April, 1958 under and Act of Parliament.
The Parliament of Zimbabwe consists of two chambers:
The Chamber of Deputies meets in Chile's National Congress located in the port city of Valparaíso, some 120 km west of the capital, Santiago.
The Isle of Anglesey County Council is the governing body for the county of Anglesey, one of the unitary authority areas of Wales.
A Mayor Pro Tem is elected by the City Council Members to preside when the Mayor is absent.
Three seats are reserved for representatives of Venezuela's indigenous peoples and elected separately by all citizens, not just those with indigenous backgrounds.
The procedure for dismissing it involves substantial political risk to the president, including a risk of loss of office.
Thereafter the Parliament of Great Britain operated for both England and Scotland, thus creating the United Kingdom of Great Britain.
The vice governor is elected via the plurality voting system province-wide.
For the purpose of elections the county was divided into five local electoral areas: Adare, Castleconnell, Kilmallock, Newcastle and Rathkeale.
As of 2011, it is the least populous district of the 22 districts in Jammu and Kashmir.
MPs may hold office until Parliament is dissolved and serve for constitutionally limited terms of up to five years after an election.
All councilors are directly elected by citizens of the city.
The Congress of the Republic is the unicameral legislature of the Republic of Guatemala.
The Council is based at the St Paul's Centre, Hightown, Crewe where it generally holds its committee meetings.
Every bill must be passed by both, the Senate and the House, and signed by the Governor of Puerto Rico in order to become law.
It has 75 councillors, elected from 70 divisions, and is currently controlled by the Conservative Party.
Membership in the Assembly is considered a part-time job, and many members have employment in addition to their legislative work.
Finally, it has the power to initiate or conclude wars and to assume other duties and powers it deems necessary.
The county administration is headed by a Chief Executive, Eugene Cummins.
The Pingtung County Council is the elected county council of Pingtung County, Republic of China.
The constitution endows the National Council far more power than the Federal Council.
The Senate meets at the Capitol Building in Monrovia.
The house meets in the Lok Sabha Chamber of the Sansad Bhavan in New Delhi.
The General Assembly members and staff operate from offices in the General Assembly Building, located in Capitol Square.
Senators are elected from 67 single-member districts.
The composition, organization and powers of Congress and the legislative procedure are established by the fourth title of the Colombian Constitution.
Cheshire County Council was a county council, of the second highest level of United Kingdom Government for the residents of Cheshire.
Ward 49 - Sisodiya Bagh, Amagarh Kacchi Basti, Ghat ke Balaji temple, Deraur Jain temple, Jamdoli, Bawadi
In the May 2015 elections three of the wards were contested, Wilmslow East, Wilmslow West and Lacey Green.
Campbell Leonard Macpherson served as lieutenant governor of Newfoundland until 1963.
The current President of the Parliament of the French Community is Philippe Courard.
The tenth Parliament of Somalia was inaugurated on 27 December 2016.
Amichand Rajbansi was Chief Minister of the House of Delegates tricameral parliamentary chamber.
238 seats are required for a majority.
The Punjab Legislative Assembly or the Punjab Vidhan Sabha is the unicameral legislature of the state of Punjab in northern India.
The Freetown City Council is one of the most powerful municipal government in Africa.
In the Congress, members of the Parliament from the political parties, or groups of parties, form parliamentary groups.
Meshrano Jirga) or the House of Elders: an upper house with 102 seats.
& provides civil services & facilities around the 4.60 Lacks people.
AMC is responsible for providing a variety of local public services including roads, sanitation, drains, housing, libraries, public parks and recreational facilities.
Each council member sits on at least three standing, select or subcommittees.
After Whiteway won re-election in a by-election, he became Premier again.
The first gathering of the Southern Negro Youth Congress consisted of a wide range of individuals.
As of February 2016, the Hluttaw was led by speaker Tin Ei of the National League for Democracy.
The first members were elected in the nationwide local elections on Saturday 9 October 2010.
In addition, the size of the Senate is set to be no less than one-third and no greater than one-half of the size of the Assembly.
The Grand Council of Ticino is the legislature for the Swiss canton of Ticino.
Quebec was the last Canadian province to abolish its upper house.
The Aichi Prefectural Assembly is the legislative assembly of Aichi Prefecture.
The city boundary will be extended to include Little Island, Cork Airport, Ballincollig, Blarney, and Carrigtwohill, adding a population of over 100,000.
The National Election Committee conducts the election and is authorized to nominate the electoral college members.
It is a London borough council, one of 32 in the United Kingdom capital of London.
VSDC is responsible for providing a variety of local public services including roads, sanitation, drains, housing, libraries, public parks and recreational facilities.
After the 2016 election, Republicans hold almost three-fourths of the House seats.
It is a London borough council, one of 32 in the United Kingdom capital of London.
The Legislative Council of Prince Edward Island was the upper house of the Legislature of the Canadian province of Prince Edward Island.
The standing committees meet at least once per month.
Trincomalee Urban Council is the local authority for the city of Trincomalee in eastern Sri Lanka.
The New York City Council is the lawmaking body of the City of New York.
It was initially created as an advisory body in 1861, by the British colonial government.
The Supreme People's Assembly is the unicameral legislature of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, commonly known as North Korea.
Eight additional members are appointed by the President.
The House of Elders has 102 members.
As of 2017, the Rada BNR is the oldest existing Government in exile.
Venkalacheddikulam Divisional Council is the local authority for Venkalacheddikulam DS Division in northern Sri Lanka.
Benwick Parish Council was established in 1895 by the Local Government Act 1894 covering the Civil Parish of Benwick, Cambridgeshire.
The council is responsible for housing and community, roads and transportation, urban planning and development, amenity and culture, and environment.
The current President of Parliament is Claret M. Connor.
There was a term limit of four two-year terms for council members.
The Senate of Northern Ireland was the upper house of the Parliament of Northern Ireland created by the Government of Ireland Act 1920.
Elections are held every five years and are by single transferable vote.
It met in Oklahoma City from January 8, 1985, to January 6, 1987, during the term of Governor George Nigh.
For election results, see Basildon Borough Council elections
The Democratic Party held the majority of the state senate seats and the Republican Party held the majority of seats in the Oklahoma House of Representatives.
The General Council is the unicameral parliament of Andorra.
The Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Assembly is the unicameral legislative body of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province in Pakistan.
Elections take place on the first Saturday in May.
Lewisham is divided into 18 wards, each electing three councillors.
The Regional Assembly meets in the Marshal's Office in Białystok.
The Constitution provides that the Congress shall convene for its regular session every year beginning on the 4th Monday of July.
The National Parliament is the unicameral national legislature in East Timor.
He was replaced by Ray Fine, who took over as presiding officer of the Oklahoma Senate.
Lieutenant Governor George Nigh served as President of the Senate, giving him a tie-breaking vote and the authority to serve as a presiding officer.
It measures 76 feet in width and is filled today with furnishings that resemble what the room would have looked like during its time of use.
Sir Albert Walsh served as lieutenant governor of Newfoundland until September 1949.
Three ombudsmen are directly subordinate to parliament: the Parliamentary Intelligence Oversight Committee and the Office of the Auditor General.
Without the presence of representatives from some of the provinces, it was inaugurated on January 31, 1813.
Each of the General Assembly's 236 members serve two-year terms and are directly elected by constituents of their district.
It is one of 18 district councils.
As a county council, it is governed by the Local Government Act 2001.
The House meets at the Legislative Building in Olympia.
Legislative Assembly of the Jewish Autonomous Oblast is the unicameral regional parliament of the Jewish Autonomous Oblast, a federal subject of Russia.
Every bill must be passed by both houses and signed by the Governor of Puerto Rico to become law.
Members of both houses are elected by popular vote to serve four-year terms.
The county administration is headed by a Chief Executive, Colette Byrne.
The vice governor is the ex officio presiding officer, and only votes to break ties.
Ward 67 - Nahari ka Naka, Maharani School, Chamatkareshwar Veer Hanuman Mandir
The Legislature meets in the New Jersey State House, in the state capital of Trenton.
It is a London borough council, one of 32 in the United Kingdom capital of London.
In 2016 Hadiya Khalaf Abbas, Ph.D., representing Deir Ezzor since 2003, became the first woman elected to be the Speaker.
Its 101 MPs are elected by popular vote every 4 years.
The legislature has 146 members, elected for five-year terms in single-seat constituencies.
Tasked primarily with transitioning Libya to a permanent democratic constitution, it was given an 18-month deadline to fulfil this goal.
The General Assembly was created by the first state constitution adopted in 1818.
the National Assembly has 151 members, elected for a five-year term in single-member and two-member constituencies
Slough Local Board of Health was established in 1863, becoming an urban sanitary authority in 1875.
It is a strategic authority with powers over transport, economic development and regeneration.
Its seat was in the Free City of Frankfurt on the Main.
The elections are conducted by the Election Commission of India.
The population of the Non-Metropolitan Unitary Authority at the 2011 Census was 316,028.
The Speaker often also represented the body in person, as the voice of the body in ceremonial and some other situations.
This legislature was convened eight times in its history:
It is the upper house of the New Hampshire General Court.
It is bounded on the north by Ghanche District, a small border with Xinjiang, China, via the Karakoram Pass which is part of the district.
The Mercosur Parliament, known also as Parlasur, or Parlasul, is the parliamentary institution of the Mercosur trade bloc.
The West Virginia Senate is the upper house of the West Virginia Legislature.
The Federal Constitution of 1995 confirmed the status of the country as a republic, but Ethiopian royalists continue to operate the Crown Council.
The House of Representatives, the Lower House, is made up of 63 Members of Parliament, elected to five-year terms on a first-past-the-post basis in single-seat constituencies.
Political parties were not established in the State at the time.
KMC is responsible for providing a variety of local public services including roads, sanitation, drains, housing, libraries, public parks and recreational facilities.
To be eligible, candidates must be Peruvian citizens, have passed their 25th birthday, and not have had their right to vote suspended.
The Assembly comprises 60 members, who are known as Assembly Members, or AMs.
However, two MSM deputies re-affiliated with the MAS-IPSP.
The Provincial Council of Groningen are the States-Provincial for the Dutch province of Groningen.
The Philippine Assembly was the first legislative body in the Philippines fully chosen by national elections.
Methsiri de Silva currently serves as the mayor of Galle.
As of 2011 census, the municipal corporation had a population of 310,467.
The state senate comprises 36 members, each representing a district with around 99,280 inhabitants.
Following the 2016 elections, the house consisted of 121 Republicans and 82 Democrats.
The most recent general election was the British Columbia general election held on May 9, 2017.
In the 2016 elections, Simpson stood, and won, Orakei's ward councillor seat on Auckland Council, Colin Davis taking her place as Chair.
The form of city government is council–manager government and home rule municipality.
It consists of 70 representatives elected to two-year terms.
In party's hierarchy, the central executive committee is the highest and powerful governing authority and it has final jurisdiction over all the party decision.
Barbara Johnson, Fourth Ward Council Member and a member of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party, is the current president of the council.
The Legislative Assembly of Novosibirsk Oblast refers to the regional legislature in Novosibirsk Oblast, Russia.
Lambeth is divided into 21 wards, each electing three councillors.
The head of the council has the honorific title of Lord Mayor.
None of the members of Durham's second Council served on the third Council.
The Liberal Party led by Joey Smallwood formed the government.
It is housed in the Palacio de la Legislatura de la Ciudad de Buenos Aires, an architectural landmark in the city's Montserrat section.
KDC is responsible for providing a variety of local public services including roads, sanitation, drains, housing, libraries, public parks and recreational facilities.
The council is responsible for housing and community, roads and transportation, urban planning and development, amenity and culture, and environment.
Surat Municipal Corporation perceives its role as the principal facilitator and provider of services as detailed below to provide a better quality of life.
The unicameral National Assembly is the Burkina Faso's legislative body.
The members of the 35th General Assembly of Newfoundland were elected in the Newfoundland general election held in October 1971.
It consists of the following two chambers.
The Oklahoma House of Representatives is the lower house of the legislature of the U.S. state of Oklahoma.
The Supreme Soviet of the Lithuanian SSR was the supreme soviet of the Lithuanian SSR, one of the republics comprising the Soviet Union.
The current chairperson of the assembly is Urszula Nowogórska.
It was abolished in June 2014 when the Local Government Reform Act 2014 was implemented.
It is a bicameral state legislature, consisting of a 60-member Wyoming House of Representatives, and a 30-member Wyoming Senate.
Unlike many Canadian city councils, North Bay does not elect its council on a ward system.
Members from the state's leading various political parties hold elected offices in the corporation.
Power is being returned to the council in phases, with the council expected to fully regain its powers by March 2019.
It has 51 members from 51 council districts throughout the five boroughs.
Hertfordshire County Council is the upper-tier local authority for the non-metropolitan county of Hertfordshire, in England, the United Kingdom.
Bill Harkey was elected Speaker of the Oklahoma House of Representatives and was the first speaker to serve two consecutive terms.
The Wyoming State Legislature is the legislative branch of the U.S. State of Wyoming.
The last elections to the Pyithu Hluttaw were held in November 2015.
Work sessions are usually held the afternoon before regular meetings.
49, 52 to 59, and 72 to 73.
A text of a law had to be approved by both houses.
Elections are held every five years and are by single transferable vote.
The National Assembly was established in 1879 with the Tarnovo Constitution.
It had a population of 36,200 as of the June 2016.
First Legislative Assembly had total of 431 MLAs.
Like the Canadian federal government, New Brunswick uses a Westminster-style system, in which members are sent to the Legislative Assembly after general elections.
The North Carolina Senate is the upper house of the bicameral North Carolina General Assembly.
The Imperial Legislative Council was a legislature for British India from 1861 to 1947.
Until recently it was common for politicians to switch parties and the proportion of congressional seats held by each party would often change.
From 1960 to 2016, The National Assembly was Ivory Coast's unicameral legislative body.
The upper house is the Iowa Senate.
Members are elected in single-member constituencies using the two-round system.
It was established under the 1974 Constitution of Burma and disbanded with the takeover of the State Law and Order Restoration Council in 1988.
The district congressmen represent a particular geographical district of the country.
He is also the chief executive of the city whenever the mayor is out of the city.
The Federal Parliament of Somalia is the national parliament of Somalia.
This lasted until new structures were imposed by the Municipal Corporations Act 1835 which created the Municipal borough of Ipswich.
In accordance with the 2007 Constitution of Thailand, the Senate was a non-partisan legislative chamber, composed of 150 members.
The remaining 10 seats were held by traditional chiefs who were chosen by their peers.
Stoke-on-Trent City Council is the local authority of Stoke-on-Trent, a unitary authority in the West Midlands region.
The Kansas House of Representatives is the lower house of the legislature of the U.S. state of Kansas.
It was established by the Preparatory Committee for HKSAR by resolution at its Second Plenary Session on 24 March 1996.
Members serve two-year terms without term limits.
The Senate secretariat is located in the east wing of the Parliament Building; the National Assembly convenes in the west wing of the same building.
In the history of Polish parliament, it succeeded the Sejm of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth and was followed by the Sejm of the Congress Poland.
Thirty-two national senators-at-large, divided among the parties in proportion to their share of the national vote.
The current National People's Assembly, formed following elections held on 28 March 2004, has a total of 102 seats.
Following the by-elections, the Liberals regained the majority and formed a government led by Daniel J. Greene.
The National Assembly may propose laws and is required to approve all legislation.
The first Philippine Assembly elections were held on July 30, 1907.
NMMC administers an area of 162 square km.
The National Assembly is the parliament of Saint Kitts and Nevis.
The Parliament is housed in the Parliament building in the centre of Simferopol.
It is a bicameral federal legislature that consists of the Senate as upper house and the National Assembly, as lower houses.
It is composed of the members of the People's Representative Council and the Regional Representative Council.
The Thirty-fifth Oklahoma Legislature was a meeting of the legislative branch of the government of Oklahoma, composed of the Senate and the House of Representatives.
The House of Commons of Canada is a component of the Parliament of Canada, along with the Sovereign and the Senate.
The General Assembly of Gipuzkoa is the regional unicameral parliament of the Basque province of Gipuzkoa.
It has 9 members elected using the open list proportional representation system.
As of May 2012, the council is led by Peter Fox, with Robert Greenland and Phylip Hobson as Deputy Leaders.
With each region electing 5 members, the quota in each region for election, after distribution of preferences, is 16.7%.
Currently the council is controlled by the Labour Party, Cllr Jean Stretton, the council's first-ever female leader.
PDC is responsible for providing a variety of local public services including roads, sanitation, drains, housing, libraries, public parks and recreational facilities.
It is a bicameral body, composed of an appointed Senate and an elected House of Representatives.
The Green Party of Minnesota has one member, Cam Gordon.
The Connecticut State Senate is one of 14 state legislative upper houses whose members serve two-year terms; four-year terms are more common.
There is no limit to the number of terms that a Senator may serve.
The Council comprises forty members appointed directly by the King of Bahrain.
Every house has its own election procedure and individual powers distinguishing them from the other, which are further discussed in the article for each individual chamber.
Efforts have been made to increase the capacity of its members, aiming to strengthen their legislative, oversight, and representational capacities.
The Andhra Pradesh legislature has been both unicameral and bicameral in its history.
Elections are held every five years and are by single transferable vote.
The head of the council had the title of Cathaoirleach.
This electoral college was abolished in 1838 and members began to be directly elected from each county and Baltimore City.
Its structure and competences are guided by the Constitution of the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic.
Fabian O'Dea served as lieutenant governor of Newfoundland until 1969.
The United Russia Party currently holds a 28-seat majority.
The Nevada Senate is the upper house of the Nevada Legislature, the state legislature of U.S. state of Nevada.
They are Glossop and Charlesworth, Alfreton and Somercotes, and Eckington and Killamarsh.
Senators are elected to four-year terms, and are limited to two consecutive terms in office.
It is composed of 36 councilors who are elected by an open list election.
It convenes in Erfurt and currently consists of 91 members of five Parties.
Senators are elected to two-year terms and there is no limit to the number of terms that a senator may serve.
The Cincinnati City Council is the lawmaking body of Cincinnati, Ohio.
It was established on 1 April 1974, by the Local Government Act 1972 and was abolished on 31 March 1986.
In 1948 the Constitution was amended to allow for six seats in the Council to be elected; the country's first democratic elections were held that year.
The first state house convened at the home of Colonial Governor Sir John Harvey from 1632 to 1656.
The Councillors serve for four years, and are not bound in their vote to instructions from the cantonal authorities.
The council is unusual in that its executive function is controlled by a directly elected mayor of Newham, currently Robin Wales.
The Croatian Parliament or the Sabor is the unicameral representative body of the citizens of the Republic of Croatia; it is Croatia's legislature.
Suffrage is universal and compulsory for all Dominican citizens aged over 18 or under that age if married.
The state holds district elections every two years coincident with federal elections and special elections to fill vacant seats.
Four senators are appointed to represent the government and two to represent the opposition.
The term of the council is four years.
The General Assembly meets annually at the Indiana Statehouse in Indianapolis.
The debating chamber of the House of Representatives is located inside Parliament House in Wellington, the capital city.
Staffordshire County Council is the top-tier local authority for the non-metropolitan county of Staffordshire, England.
It is a London borough council, one of 32 in the United Kingdom capital of London.
Louth County Council is the authority responsible for local government in County Louth, Ireland.
Parties must receive at least five percent of the vote nationally to gain parliamentary representation.
The 1983 constitution mandates at least three senators, or four if an attorney-general is not one of these three appointed senators.
It establishes general policies and sanctions federal legislation.
The San Diego City Council is the legislative branch of government for the city of San Diego, California.
Meath County Council is the authority responsible for local government in County Meath, Ireland.
The assembly convenes within the Marshal's Office in Opole.
Arizona's electoral districts are different from the majority of U.S. states.
The last general local election was held on 1 June 2008.
It convenes at the Sultan Salahuddin Abdul Aziz Shah Building in the capital Shah Alam.
It is a unicameral body, consisting of 24 members, including 18 elected members and 6 military representatives.
In case of death, resignation or disqualification of a member, a by-election is conducted for constituency represented by the member.
The unicameral parliament has 169 members, and is elected every four years based on party-list proportional representation in nineteen plural member constituencies.
The Coimbatore Corporation is the civic body that governs the city of Coimbatore in Tamil Nadu, India.
The Wisconsin Legislature is the state legislature of the U.S. state of Wisconsin.
The current President of the National Assembly is Liberal MNA Jacques Chagnon.
Normally the sessions are required to adjourn by the last day of June of the same calendar year.
Since the beginning of statehood for Montana, the Legislature has been split along party lines fairly consistently and evenly.
The House convenes at the Indiana Statehouse in Indianapolis.
The first sitting of the house was attended by Queen Margrethe II.
There were four sessions of the 38th General Assembly:
The party which wins the most seats becomes the ruling party.
The Parliament of Madagascar has two chambers.
At its annual meeting, held in May each year, the council appoints a Chairman and Vice Chairman.
The assembly is elected using the simple plurality or "first past the post" electoral system.
The upper house of the National Assembly is the Senate of Haiti.
The Iwate Prefectural Assembly is the prefectural parliament of Iwate Prefecture, Japan.
The Assembly is based in the Al Yamamah Palace, Riyadh.
It accumulates legislative powers of state and municipality at the same time, city-state-like.
There are 70 members of the House.
It is headed by the Marshal of the Sejm.
The first session of the 41st Parliament opened on July 2, 2014.
However, the Legislative Assembly Act refers only to "members of the Assembly".
The House shares legislative power with the Senate of Virginia, the upper house of the Virginia General Assembly.
Torbay is divided into 15 wards, electing 36 councillors.
The House of Representatives is the lower house of the country's bicameral National Assembly.
Members serve two-year terms and are restricted by term limits, limiting them to four consecutive two-year terms, but after sitting out one term may run again.
Eminent Freedom Fighter Guru Radha Kishan has the honour to represent MCD for most consecutive years as a Councillor.
The primary membership was elected in the 2003 Northwest Territories general election.
Nottingham City Council is the non-metropolitan district council for the unitary authority of Nottingham in Nottinghamshire.
It has sole authority to decide if Mayor or Deputy Mayor may leave Porto Alegre for a period longer than five days.
4th Parliament of the Province of Canada 1852–1854
Each of the 14 councillors represent one of the city's 14 wards.
Current Majority Leader is Clênia Maranhão, PPS.
In March 2015 a new electoral decree stated that the new Chamber of Deputies have 118 members, and the Senate will retain the 30 members.
The Dewan Rakyat is the lower house of the Parliament of Malaysia, consisting of members elected during elections from federal constituencies drawn by the Election Commission.
Six are known as Senators, and are appointed by the Governor-General.
The premier acts as Quebec's head of government, while the Queen of Canada acts as its head of state.
The number of its members are vary and the central executive committee does not have any limitations as it goes to the membership of the party.
Since the 2013 elections, it is run by an Independent-Liberal Democrat coalition.
The National Assembly, also known as the Afghan Parliament, is Afghanistan's national legislature.
The General Junta of the Principality of Asturias is the parliament of Asturias, an autonomous community of Spain.
Antrim Borough Council was the local authority of Antrim in Northern Ireland.
The Senate serves as a road-block to constitutional changes, the constitution requires a 2/3 Super-Majority.
There were 8 women appointed by the Chamber of Deputies, and another 7 women appointed by the President.
On 19 August 2005, the National Assembly and Senate Assembly elected Pierre Nkurunziza president of the republic.
Nagaland Legislative Assembly is the unicameral legislature of the Indian state of Nagaland.
The Federal National Council is the federal authority of the United Arab Emirates formed to represent the general Emirati people.
The nation's President has the power to summon, suspend, prorogue, or terminate a legislative session and to dissolve the Parliament.
According to the Portuguese Constitution, the unicameral Assembly "is the representative assembly of all Portuguese citizens."
The last election for the Legislative Assembly was the 2016 election held on 27 August 2016.
PL has another office building, Menara Perbadanan Labuan at Jalan OKK Awang Besar.
Kwun Tong District currently consists of 37 members, of which the district is divided into 37 constituencies, electing a total of 37 members.
It is a unicameral body, consisting of 20 members, including 15 elected members and 5 military representatives.
It can be dissolved by the Prime Minister at will, the most recent was by Shinzō Abe on November 21, 2014.
The number of seats was increased to 19 following elections in 2013.
The parliament shares law making powers with the Australian Federal Parliament.
In order to meet the 30% quota for women, eight seats were co-opted giving the chamber of total of 49 seats.
The Curia Regis was a king's summons of the estates of the realm.
The Assembly was created in August 12, 1834, the first legislature had 20 deputies, until 1881 when it was increased to 22.
The Legislative Assembly convenes at the Capitol in San Juan.
Each assembly conducts legislative sessions at a separate location in Paris: the Palais du Luxembourg for the Senate and the Palais Bourbon for the National Assembly.
It is a London borough council, one of 32 in the United Kingdom capital of London.
The Supreme Constitutional Court is expected to continue proceedings on the legitimacy of the assembly on 3 February 2013.
The Thirty-first Oklahoma Legislature was a meeting of the legislative branch of the government of Oklahoma, composed of the Senate and the House of Representatives.
Together with the Regional Representative Council, a second chamber with limited powers, it makes up a legislative body, the People's Consultative Assembly.
The two houses are the Vidhana Sabha and the Vidhana Parishat.
Since 1990, the President has been elected by the people.
The Legislative Council of Burma was the legislative body of British Burma from 1897 to 1936.
In case of death, resignation or disqualification of a member, a by-election is conducted for constituency represented by the member.
The First Dáil was replaced by the Second Dáil in 1921.
The Western Cape Provincial Parliament is the legislature of the Western Cape province of South Africa.
The Congress was formed of representatives of city councils and the congresses of the provincial and autonomous republican councils.
The Seattle City Council is the legislative body of the city of Seattle, Washington.
It succeeded the Supreme Soviet in 1995 and has two chambers: The House of Representatives and the Legislative House.
VUC is responsible for providing a variety of local public services including roads, sanitation, drains, housing, libraries, public parks and recreational facilities.
The Directory was continually at war with foreign coalitions which at different times included Britain, Austria, Prussia, the Kingdom of Naples, Russia and the Ottoman Empire.
Members are democratically elected by proportional representation: 135 by the D'Hondt method and 40 by the Sainte-Laguë method.
The council ran the territories under the Temporary Government of Rupert's Land Act and the Manitoba Act.
The city is divided into 67 administrative wards and 46 Revenue Villages.
First elected on April 17, 2000, Knights is the longest to serve in that position.
Starting in 2001, the mayor is chosen in a separate election.
The Victorian Legislative Assembly is the lower house of the bicameral Parliament of Victoria in Australia; the upper house being the Victorian Legislative Council.
The head of the council has the title of Cathaoirleach.
There is no limit to the number of terms that a senator may serve.
The county town is Tallaght, with a civic centre at Monastery Road, Clondalkin.
The President of the European Parliament is Antonio Tajani, elected in January 2017.
It is a unicameral parliamentary body consisting of thirty councillors elected to a four-year term.
Sir Henry Prescott served as civil governor of Newfoundland until 1846.
The House of Representatives is the lower house.
It has 9 members elected using the open list proportional representation system.
The council is controlled by the Labour Party and led by Sir Richard Leese.
Mandalay Region Hluttaw is the legislature of the Mandalay Region in Myanmar.
The area covered by Shropshire Council is 3,197 square kilometres, or 1,234 square miles.
The first Senate session was held on March 25, 1999 and the first election was held on January 22, 2006.
As of 2012, the Biju Janata Dal controls the BMC; the mayor is Ananta Narayan Jena and Deputy Mayor is K. Shanti.
The last election of parliament took place on 31 October 2010 and were won by the Party of Regions and the Communist Party of Ukraine.
The Zamboanga City Council is Zamboanga City's Sangguniang Panlungsod or local legislature.
For the earlier portion of its life, the Congress was a democratic body.
The last regional council elections were held on 27 November 2015.
Elections are held every five years and are by single transferable vote.
The expenses incurred by this General Assembly were also commensurately lower, at $221,810—less than half the amount incurred by the preceding 28th General Assembly.
The council was first elected on 1 May 2008 a year before coming into its powers on 1 April 2009.
The leader of the party who gains majority usually becomes the Prime Minister.
The Andra kammaren, was the lower house of the bicameral Riksdag of Sweden between 1866 and 1970 that replaced the Riksdag of the Estates.
The president appoints a prime minister as head of government who in turn assembles a cabinet, both subject to parliamentary approval.
This agency is under the purview of the Penang state government.
Deputies are elected to serve five-year terms by proportional representation in four multi-seat constituencies.
It replaced the Legislative Council of Ceylon, the colony's original legislative body.
It is a unicameral parliamentary body consisting of thirty-three councillors chosen during regional elections for a four-year term.
Abdelkhader Bensalah was elected as President of the Council of the Nation on July 2, 2002, re-elected on January 11, 2007 and January 10, 2008.
Ward 36 - Sawai Gator, Jaipur airport, Buddhsinghpura
The Karimnagar Municipal Corporation is the local governing body, administering the city of Karimnagar in the Indian state of Telangana.
Governor was created in 1868, the Senate was presided over by a "Speaker."
After the votes were counted, the results were as follows:
The State Senate meets at the Oregon State Capitol in Salem.
It was abolished on 3 June 2014 when the Local Government Reform Act 2014 was implemented.
After the Straits Settlements became a Crown colony, this function was taken over by the Settlements' Legislative Council, which was an unelected body.
The British-appointed Irish executive, under the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, was not answerable to the House of Commons but to the British government.
Two members are elected from each of New Jersey's 40 legislative districts for a term of two years, each representing districts with average populations of 210,359.
Members of the People's National Assembly are directly elected through proportional representation in multiple-member districts and serve terms lasting five years at a time.
