It is located in the municipality of Herøy in Møre og Romsdal county, on the western coast of Norway.
The Sultan Shoal Lighthouse was built in 1895 during the time when the late Commander Charles Quentin Gregan Craufurd was the Master Attendant of Singapore.
Borden Flats Light is a historic lighthouse on the Taunton River in Fall River, Massachusetts, US.
The site is accessible by walking the pier, but the tower is closed to the public.
It sits on a tiny island in the mouth of the Fensfjorden and Fedjefjorden, near a busy shipping lane headed to the Mongstad industrial area.
The Staten Island Range Light, also known as the Ambrose Channel Range Light, is the rear range light companion to the West Bank Lighthouse.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
Cape Spear is within the municipal boundaries of the city of St. John's, located about 2 miles from Blackhead, an amalgamated area of St. John's.
The Point of Shoals Light was a lighthouse located in the James River in Virginia.
The 11-metre tall round, cylindrical, fiberglass tower is white with two black stripes.
The light originally carried a kerosene lamp and it was updated with electric power in 1961.
The lighthouse is painted solely in white.
The tower was first lit in 1922 and is still operational.
Brunton constructed another 25 lighthouses from far northern Hokkaidō to southern Kyūshū during his career in Japan.
It has guided ships through the narrow channel until 1915.
By 1938 the shoreline had reached the lighthouse, forcing its automation as it was no longer safe or practical to keep it manned.
Funds for the lighthouse were approved by Congress August 31, 1852 and the structure was completed in 1856.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places as Monomoy Point Lighthouse on November 1, 1979, reference number 79000324.
Google maps has a satellite photo of the replica, which is opposite the London Bridge.
The 1-story keeper's house is built within the base.
The structure is a stainless steel tower with a fiberglass hut within the framework, carrying a lantern.
It is an automatic but guarded lighthouse; visits are not permitted.
It is a prosperous area with comparatively expensive housing stock, ranging from Georgian terraces to Victorian ship-owners' houses to 1960s "executive homes".
The light was inactive from 1941 and was nearly destroyed by fire in 1971.
During the occupation of the Channel Islands in World War II, the Germans erected Battery Lothringen on the top of Noirmont Point.
The Cedar Key Light is located on Seahorse Key across the harbor from Cedar Key, Florida.
Monomoy Point Light is a historic light in Chatham, Massachusetts.
Listed on the National Register of Historic Places and must be maintained according to the Secretary of Interior’s Standards for Rehabilitation.
Enclosing the tower is a compound containing the keeper’s house and outbuildings.
Point Pedro Lighthouse is a lighthouse in Point Pedro in northern Sri Lanka.
Unusually for a functioning British lighthouse, it stands in the middle of a residential street.
The lighthouse is situated near the village Wisełka on the island of Wolin and can only be reached via foot paths, steep at the end.
Marshall Point Light Station is a lighthouse at the entrance of Port Clyde Harbor in Port Clyde, Maine.
The Baker Shoal Range Front Light was a lighthouse in Delaware, United States, on the Delaware River at Port Penn.
The reason was never discovered, but it was believed that the missing sixth pile might have contributed to the problem.
The lantern is composed of eight brilliant reflectors made of pure silver built in 1831.
Borkum Großer Light, also known as Borkum Neuer Light, is an active lighthouse on the island of Borkum, Leer district, state of Lower Saxony, Germany.
The Fond du Lac Light is a lighthouse located at the entrance to the harbor and Yacht Club, in Fond du Lac, Wisconsin.
The USS Maine was part of the squadron stationed at Garden Key when it exploded and sank in the harbor of Havana, Cuba.
The site and tower are not open to the public.
The old lantern was dismantled in 1992 and removed to Port Albert, where it was restored for display at the Port Albert Maritime Museum in 2004.
It was electrified in World War II.
The Jupiter Inlet silted shut in 1854, forcing all building supplies to be shipped in light boats down the Indian River.
It is the sibling of Bradleys Head Light.
The Goulphar lighthouse is a lighthouse on Belle-Île-en-Mer in France.
The current light is the second to be built on the headland, superseding the original which now forms part of the Museum of Scottish Lighthouses.
In 1910 the lights were replaced by fixed lights.
Derby Wharf Light Station is a historic lighthouse on Derby Wharf in Salem, Massachusetts that is within the Salem Maritime National Historic Site.
The current lighthouse was built in 1955, replacing a previous lighthouse built in 1880.
The site was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1974.
It is no longer in operation as a lighthouse but is open to the public as a museum.
In 2001, under the National Historic Lighthouse Preservation Act, it became the first lighthouse to be transferred to a non-governmental organization in Puerto Rico.
Wedge Island lighthouse is a lighthouse on Wedge Island, lying at the entrance to Spencer Gulf in South Australia.
It was built in 1878 by D.A.
It is octagonal pyramidal in shape and built in concrete.
The lighthouse is maintained by the Port Authority of Jamaica, an agency of the Ministry of Transport and Works.
It can be reached only by a chartered motor-boat, requiring a journey of two to three hours from the island of Korčula.
The lighthouse was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
Established in 1890, the light marks the approach to Blue Hill Bay and the southern approaches to Mount Desert Island on the central coast of Maine.
The last lighthouse keeper, Mr. Willard Olson, served on George Island every year starting from 1951 until 1981.
The tower is painted red with one white horizontal band and the keeper's house is painted white.
It is the westernmost lighthouse in Sweden.
It is located in the village of Andenes in the municipality of Andøy in Nordland county, Norway.
Cumberland Head Light is a lighthouse on Lake Champlain's Cumberland Bay in New York state.
This hill was also the site for a Lloyd's Signal Station from the 1890s.
Improvements to the harbor rendered it obsolete, and it was deactivated in the early 20th century.
As two commentators, lamenting the possible loss of this unique light station, noted in Lighthouse Digest:
Despite these adverse conditions several men served the light for lengthy periods until it was automated in 1971.
Both lighthouses were first illuminated on 1 December 1840.
Fort Morgan was built adjacent to the lighthouse in 1833.
The current structure is the fourth to be built on the site.
It gets its name because it is the point 30 miles east of the Niagara River.
It was located at Cape San Blas in the northwestern part of the state.
It is located in the steeple of the First Baptist Church of Beverly.
The lighthouse is located behind the dunes and sea dike protecting Europoort, on the south side of the mouth of the Maas.
As of 2006, the lighthouse was a candidate for sale under the National Historic Lighthouse Preservation Act.
While moving the house down to the water, a cable snapped and the house slid into the water.
It is located on the southern end of Lake Winnebago.
In 1842 it was updated with a colza oil lamp and in 1849 parabolic mirrors were installed.
Anadolu Feneri is a historical lighthouse still in use, which is located on the Asian side of Bosphorus' Black Sea entrance in Istanbul, Turkey.
Little River Light is a lighthouse on an island at the mouth of the Little River, in Cutler, Maine.
It is listed as Anclote Key Light number 1555 in the USCG light lists.
The original building was built in 1892 by the Spanish government and was rebuilt in 1922 by the United States Coast Guard.
It was built on a rocky islet, 110 metres long and 48 metres wide, in the middle of Machias Bay accessible only by boat.
It also led Congress to authorize the construction of the Cape Hatteras Light.
The masonry work on which the lighthouse rests was constructed to such a high standard that it has not been replaced or adapted in 200 years.
The lighthouse is open to public visitation and for a small donation one may climb to the watch room and external gallery.
The lighthouse was first established on the islet of Tennholmen in 1916, but it was destroyed by a hurricane in 1917.
Skalmen Lighthouse is a coastal lighthouse located in Smøla Municipality, Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
It is considered the most isolated lighthouse on the New South Wales coast.
Because of this the generator was removed in 1992 and Kiipsaare lighthouse remained in the records as a daymark until 2009.
The current Cape Charles Light is an octagonal cast iron skeleton tower lighthouse at the mouth of the Chesapeake Bay on Smith Island.
The station was first lit in 1877.
It is a non-departmental public body responsible for marine navigation aids around coastal areas.
St. Martin Island Light is an exoskeleton lighthouse that marks one of four passages between Lake Michigan and the bay of Green Bay.
Cape Reinga Lighthouse is a lighthouse at Cape Reinga in the Northland Region of the North Island of New Zealand.
It was established in 1903 and deactivated in 1993.
The Lincoln Rock Lighthouse was a lighthouse located on Lincoln Island, a small islet in Clarence Strait in southeastern Alaska, United States.
The lighthouse was converted to electric power in 1931.
It has an 'indicative place' status of the Register of the National Estate and is a well-known landmark to seamen visiting the port.
Barberyn Lighthouse is a lighthouse located on Barberyn Island.
The lighthouse is easily seen from the water and tours are possible via helicopter.
The rock is subject to extraordinary sea conditions with waves of 92 feet or more being encountered by the keepers.
The lighthouse is connected to a two-floor keeper's quarters built of granite and timber frames on a concrete foundation surrounded by rocks.
Stella Maris Light, Mount Carmel Light, Har Carmel Light or Haifa Light, is a lighthouse in Haifa, Israel.
The tower is painted red with two white stripes towards the top.
It is located at the end of the main breakwater of the Ashkelon Marina.
The foundation of the light is marked as a hazard on present day charts, as the point of land has eroded further.
The light is maintained by the Canadian Coast Guard.
Point Bonita Lighthouse is a lighthouse located at Point Bonita at the San Francisco Bay entrance in the Marin Headlands near Sausalito, California.
The Copper Harbor Front Range Light is in Copper Harbor, Michigan.
The Garden Key lighthouse received a fourth order Fresnel lens, and became the harbor light for Fort Jefferson.
The South Fox Island Light was a light station located on South Fox Island in the north end of Lake Michigan.
The Héaux de Bréhat is an active lighthouse in Côtes-d'Armor, France, located on the Île-de-Bréhat.
It is listed in the Library of Congress Historic American Buildings Survey, WI-318.
The Texas Tower Offshore Lighthouses were truly the last manned lighthouses and, were built later starting in 1961 with Buzzards Bay Entrance Light.
In 1879 the deteriorating wooden structure was replaced with a new structure on the original iron pilings.
It was built in 1934 to replace an earlier light constructed in 1880.
There is also a cafe in one of the buildings.
The present lighthouse sits right next to the historic tower that was built in 1842.
At a height of 211 feet it is the sixteenth tallest "traditional lighthouse" in the world as well as the tallest in Ukraine.
It is located at the end of the quay serving as the inner breakwater of the Port of Haifa.
Lighthouses in the Philippines are maintained by the Philippine Coast Guard.
The exposed crib of the Stannard Rock Light is rated as one of the top ten engineering feats in the United States.
The lantern measures 7 feet in diameter.
It is situated on the seafront, opposite of the temple of Saint Andrew.
It was relocated to the Meiji Mura historical theme park near Nagoya.
It is currently owned by the National Park Service and part of the Apostle Islands National Lakeshore.
The Lighthouse has been provided to serve the Port of Neendakara situated at the entrance to Ashtamudi Backwaters.
The Ciutadella or Punta de Sa Farola lighthouse is an active lighthouse on the Spanish island of Menorca.
It was built by the East Coast Constructions and Industries in 1976 replacing the old lighthouse in the northern direction.
The light was 32 feet high fixed white light.
In Mindoro Strait, the recently erected modern tower at the Apo Reef Light Station rises to a height of 110 feet.
The white light flashes every ten seconds which turns red from 344° to 360° when covering the shoal water in the vicinity of Nassau Sound.
When the mariner sees the lights vertically in line, he is on the range line.
Completed in 1874, the 44-metre-high tower is constructed of tapered granite and was designed by David and Thomas Stevenson.
Noordwijk Lighthouse is a lighthouse located in Noordwijk, South Holland, Netherlands.
It was destroyed in the New England hurricane of 1938 when it was dislodged from its foundation, killing keeper Walter Eberle.
The 24-metre-high tower is situated on the island's summit.
Oluvil Lighthouse is a lighthouse situated on the southern east coast of Sri Lanka at Oluvil, which is located approximately 12 km south of Kalmunai.
Originally constructed as a wooden tower, it was replaced with a stone tower in 1804.
This is why this monument was constructed and also at the location where it stands today.
Cape Vincent Breakwater Light was a lighthouse on the breakwater protecting the harbor in the town of Cape Vincent, New York.
It is accessible on foot from the road at Trumpan.
St. Mary's Lighthouse is on the tiny St Mary's Island, just north of Whitley Bay on the coast of North East England.
The subfloor is a living area of approximately 5,000 square feet that includes seven bedrooms, kitchen, office, storage area, recreation area and toilet facilities.
It is accessible by road and the tower is open for touring on Sundays in July.
Ryvarden Lighthouse is a coastal lighthouse on the western coast of the municipality of Sveio in Hordaland county, Norway.
It is at the northeast tip of Roosevelt Island in the East River in Lighthouse Park.
The Cape St. Elias Light is a lighthouse on Kayak Island in Alaska.
It is fringed with coral reefs with deep water at their edges.
Eastern Point Light is an historic lighthouse on Cape Ann, in northeastern Massachusetts.
Capo dell'Arma Lighthouse is an active lighthouse in northwestern Italy.
It is solar powered and totally automated.
The Lighthouse, located on Water Street, is a National Monument.
In September 2009, the United States General Services Administration put the lighthouse up for public auction via an online auction.
Its design is an octagonal pyramid, made entirely of stone.
The fog signal at the station was reestablished in 1901, and served for the next ten years.
They moved the lighthouse in 1871 out of battery range and it was no longer near the water.
The light station was established in 1854 and discontinued in 1933.
Channel Light Vessel Automatic is the name of a lightvessel in the English Channel.
The tower was replaced in 1851 for the first time; in 1858, due to its poor foundations and soil quality, it sank into the ground.
The light is visible for 15 miles and consists of three white flashes and one red flash.
The St. George Reef Light is an inactive lighthouse built on North West Seal Rock, six miles off the coast of northern California near Crescent City.
Cape St George Lighthouse was a lighthouse that stood near Jervis Bay Village, Jervis Bay Territory, Australia.
Together with the Lage vuurtoren van IJmuiden, the 35-meter high lighthouse forms a pair of leading lights marking the IJgeul.
When in service the light marked the entrance to St. Andrew Sound and the Satilla River.
The Tree Point Light is a lighthouse located adjacent to Revillagigedo Channel in Southeast Alaska, United States.
Calcanhar Lighthouse, also known as Touros Lighthouse and formerly named Olhos D'Agua, is an active lighthouse in Touros, Rio Grande do Norte, Brazil.
The island is accessible only by boat.
Built in 1954, it is located on Naval Station Mayport in the Mayport area.
At a height of 230 feet it is the eighth tallest "traditional" lighthouse in the world.
It is owned and operated by Maritime New Zealand.
The lighthouse is located in the outer Oslofjord, off the island Jeløya.
La Vieille is a lighthouse in the département of Finistère at the commune of Plogoff, on the northwest coast of France.
This was for the safety of the keeper's family.
New London Harbor Light is a lighthouse in Connecticut, United States, on the west side of the New London harbor entrance.
The lighthouse is in the village of Torsvåg on a small island connected to the main island of Vannøya by a short causeway.
For the light in San Francisco, see Fort Point Light.
Kõpu Lighthouse was previously known under its Swedish name, Upper Dagerort lighthouse.
The North Point Range Lights were some of the earliest lights in the Maryland portion of the Chesapeake Bay.
The Cedar Point Light was the last house-type lighthouse built in the Chesapeake Bay.
The lighthouse sits on the very small island of Ulla, about 1.5 kilometres northwest of the Ullasund Bridge.
The Colchester Reef Light in Vermont was a lighthouse off Colchester Point in Lake Champlain.
The first lighthouse, started in 1824 and first lit in 1826, was a brick conical tower.
The headland has also been referred to as Scurdy Ness, Montrose point or Montroseness.
The lighthouse deteriorated until it was declared a hazard by the University of Connecticut in 1997.
The lighthouse was completed under the supervision of Captain Edward A. Yorke in 1860 at a cost of more than $60,000.
The focal plane is 85 feet above mean high water.
The lighthouse is near the village of Dondra, and is approximately 6 km southeast of Matara.
Ulla Lighthouse is a lighthouse just off the north end of the island of Haramsøya in Haram Municipality, Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
It is the first of two lighthouses built by the U.S government in Puerto Rico.
The lighthouse was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 8, 1976.
In 1857, the bark Desdemona ran aground here and was destroyed.
The road to the lighthouse passes a sheltered cove called Port Stoth.
Punta de las Figuras Light is an historic lighthouse located in Arroyo, Puerto Rico.
Casquets Lighthouse is an active lighthouse located on the rocky Les Casquets, Alderney, Channel Islands.
The occulting light flashes red or white depending on the direction.
In 1946 the lighthouse was moved 200 feet inland.
It became one of a series of lighthouses that guided vessels through the Straits of Mackinac, past a dangerous shoal that extends from the island.
It is also known as the Escanaba/Sand Point Light or the Escanaba Light.
As of August 2007, no restoration had been undertaken or funded by the Alabama Historical Commission or any state body.
The concrete foundation was established using a caisson with an average of 5 m inside water different Tide between maximum high and lowest one.
He calls Lake Michigan "the city’s crown jewel," which became prominent when he was city planner in the 1970s.
Laidunina Lighthouse - a lighthouse located in Kahtla Peninsula, Laimjala Parish, on the island of Saaremaa; in Estonia.
In January 2015, the locality recorded rainfall in excess of 400mm
The foundation material is steel pile and the lighthouse is made out of steel.
Jack E. Boucher conceived and oversaw the preservation of the lighthouse in 1964.
The City of Grand Haven now owns the pier, but it is maintained by the Army Corps of Engineers.
A fog signal may be sounded from a separate building.
It is a non-contributing resource located in the U.S. Coast Guard Historic District.
The lighthouse is listed as number 565 in the United States Coast Guard light list.
In a 2005 opinion poll of Radio Times readers, Lundy was named as Britain's tenth greatest natural wonder.
It is preserved, maintained and operated by The Rose Island Lighthouse Foundation.
Other outbuildings on the grounds including an oil house, garage and storage building and outhouse.
Lundy is the largest island in the Bristol Channel.
The lighthouse is located in Jefferson County, New York, near the Canada–United States border.
Lundy has been designated by Natural England as national character area 159, one of England's natural regions.
The lighthouse was badly destroyed, and not rebuilt until after the war in 1950.
It is located on the extreme southwestern tip of a small island in the northern part of the Bodø harbor.
The Gasparilla Island Lights are on Gasparilla Island in Boca Grande, Florida.
It may be accessed by walking the pier.
The lighthouse is a typical for Queensland, made of a timber frame clad with galvanized iron plates.
Established in 1893, it is the oldest lighthouse in the Northern Territory.
The Waackaack Rear Range Light was built in 1856 off the shore of Keansburg, in Monmouth county, New Jersey, United States.
El Rincón Light is an active lighthouse in the Buenos Aires Province, Argentina.
The Lighthouse of Osmussaar stands on the North Western peak of Osmussaar at coordinates
After having served as an observation tower during World War I the second Cape Charles Lighthouse finally toppled into the ocean on July 2, 1927.
It stands at the eastern entrance to the Fox Islands Thoroughfare, a busy mile-wide passage separating North Haven from Vinalhaven.
The 3rd Pointe-Au-Père lighthouse was built in 1909 in the city of Pointe-au-Père, near Rimouski, Quebec, Canada.
The market place has recently been re-developed, with the aim of attracting further investment to the town.
The lighthouse is a hexagonal concrete tower, with lantern and gallery, designed in the Art Deco style.
St. Catherine's Oratory is a medieval lighthouse on St. Catherine's Down, above the southern coast of the Isle of Wight.
The life of the small porpoise whales that are often seen from the coast of Sletterhage is also on display.
The former pilothouse from the Great Lakes carrier the Frontenac is attached to the museum's building.
The building was reassembled in 1990, and re-activated as a navigational aid in 1993.
It is part of U.S. Coast Guard District No.
Automated in 1978, it is now operated by the city as a private aid to navigation.
the Lighthouse Tower which has been restored and houses the rotating light
Alcatraz Island Lighthouse preceded Point Pinos by 8 months, but was replaced in 1909 by the expanding military prison.
The lighthouse ceased operating on August 1, 1968.
The Brighton Beach Range Lights are a set of two range lights in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island, Canada.
Wharton Reef Light is an inactive lighthouse which used to be located on Wharton Reef in Princess Charlotte Bay off the Cape York Peninsula, Queensland, Australia.
It received a major refurbishing in the summer of 1998.
The Duluth North Pier Light is a lighthouse on the north breakwater at the entrance to the Duluth Ship Canal.
The lighthouse's location is on the southeast side of the Sõrve Peninsula, which is about four kilometres east of Mäebe.
The Eierland Lighthouse is a lighthouse on the northernmost tip of the Dutch island of Texel.
The lighthouse is also listed on the National Register of Historic Places, and designated as a California Historical Landmark.
Solomons Lump Light is a lighthouse in the Chesapeake Bay, the abbreviated remains of a caisson light built in 1895.
The original lighthouse was deactivated in 1995 and the light was replaced by a modern skeletal tower standing close to the original lighthouse.
Records do not show the deactivation or destruction of the light, but it was believed to have been removed in the 1930s.
The passage is used by almost all of the Great Lakes commercial freighter traffic moving to and from Lake Superior, with approximately 5,000 vessel movements annually.
The Willamette River Light was a navigational lighthouse at the mouth of the Willamette River in the U.S. state of Oregon.
Sandy Neck Light was first established in 1826.
The site and the lighthouse are closed to the public.
Today it is open to the public for overnight stays and guidance.
Børøyholmen Lighthouse is a lighthouse in the municipality of Hitra in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.
The Guinness Book of Records lists it as the world's smallest island with a building on it.
A first order Fresnel lens made by Chance Brothers was used in the lantern and is still operational.
It is owned and operated by the City of Mukilteo as part of Mukilteo Lighthouse Park.
Rivinletto Light is a sector light tower located on Kaasamatala, a small island at the mouth of river Kiiminkijoki in Haukipudas, Oulu, Finland.
It is one of the 22 coastal weather stations whose conditions are reported in the BBC Shipping Forecast.
The Mary Island Light Station is a lighthouse located on the northeastern part of Mary Island in southeastern Alaska, United States.
It's isolated position, approximately 50 km northeast of Cape Rodney makes it one of the most distant lighthouses from the mainland.
It is on the western end of the Bay of Saint-Brieuc, and marks the entrance to the island of Bréhat from the Trieux channel.
The lighthouse was first built in 1832, but it was rebuilt in 1900.
It is located approximately 8.5km outside Digby.
The lighthouse has been unmanned since 1991.
Its companion Front range light was demolished and replaced with an offshore automated light in 1938.
The Lazaretto Point Light was a historic lighthouse in Baltimore harbor.
It is owned by the Shetland Amenity Trust.
The light station is listed on National Register of Historical Places.
It was built in 1881, replacing a lightship installed in 1854, to mark the north-east end of the West Sand.
Its function is to control coastal traffic.
Close to the lighthouse is Tyskertårnet, the German Tower, a watch point built during WW2 for surveillance of the Kattegat in occupied Denmark.
The lighthouse and its outbuildings were the only structures on Garden Key until construction started on Fort Jefferson in 1846.
The lighthouse is located on top of a 26-storey condominium at Lagoon View Block 5000L Singapore 449293, Marine Parade Road.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
One of them is a small hostel and one a birding station, as the island is rich in birdlife.
In 1987, the 1958 optic had to be replaced to comply with the recommendations of the International Association of Lighthouse Authorities for automation.
This particular tower is the third lighthouse at this location.
The tower is painted white, while the upper rooms are a contrasting black.
The many rare plants and animals include 14 with UK Biodiversity Action Plans.
It is 74 feet in height and hexagonal in plan; mounted on seven piles forming a steel lattice and originally painted red.
Barra Head Lighthouse on Barra Head identifies the southern entrance to The Minch, roughly halfway between the Eilean Glas and Rinns of Islay lighthouses.
The Queen's Wharf Lighthouse is located at Fleet Street just east of the Princes' Gates at the Exhibition Place Grounds in Toronto.
Saint-Mathieu was built in 1835 among the ruins of the ancient Abbaye Saint-Mathieu de Fine-Terre.
North Dumpling Light is a lighthouse in Fisher's Island sound in Long Island Sound, New York.
The Holy Island of Lindisfarne is a tidal island off the northeast coast of England.
The Brenton Reef Light was a Texas tower lighthouse at the entrance to Narragansett Bay, Rhode Island, United States, south of Beavertail Point.
The lighthouse is monitored at Cape Columbine.
Rockland Harbor Breakwater Light is a historic lighthouse complex at the end of the Rockland Breakwater in the harbor of Rockland, Maine.
The lighthouse has been kept by female keepers for more years than any other lighthouse in the United States.
Most of the islanders were fishermen and crofters; some also worked as maritime pilots to guide vessels through the treacherous waters of the Pentland Firth.
Caribou Island lighthouse sits on an uninhabited island in the eastern end of Lake Superior, 22 miles south of Michipicoten Island.
The lighthouse was listed as a protected site in 2000.
It had a fourth order Fresnel lens, which was transferred from the Point Hueneme Lighthouse.
Plumb Point Lighthouse is an active 19th century heritage lighthouse, located on the Palisadoes a narrow peninsular that connects Port Royal to the mainland.
Even though the current lighthouse started functioning only by 15 November 1979, the Cochin lighthouse has a long history.
However, he was also later tried by the Church courts, since the wine had been destined for the monastery of Livers in Picardy.
After two more auctions, a bidder secured the lighthouse in August 2011 and as of August 2012 is converting it into a summer residence.
Stavseng Lighthouse is a coastal lighthouse located in municipality of Kragerø, Telemark, Norway.
Work on the light was started in October 1893, but worked was stopped on November 1896 with the onset of the Philippine Revolution.
Cape Naturaliste, in the south west of Western Australia, is the site of a lighthouse which was activated in 1904.
It is in Leelanau County in western Northern Michigan.
The white shingled tower is topped by a red iron lantern, which is enclosed by a white railing on the observation deck.
After storm damage in 1815, an octagonal stone tower was constructed.
It was discontinued in 1916 after a new, shorter and deeper, channel had been dredged across the reef, making it obsolete.
One of the highest lights in California, it was constructed in 1855 to warn ships approaching San Francisco from the west away from the rocky islands.
It is also known as Los Morrillos Lighthouse because of its location on top of a rocky headland known as Punta Morrillos.
Stavnes Lighthouse or Stavneset Lighthouse is a coastal lighthouse in Averøy Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
It formerly housed a non-directional beacon as part of the precision approach at Sault Ste.
The lighthouse is located in between the lighthouse in Niechorze and the lighthouse in Gąski.
In 1885, a front range light was added on the Old Colony Railroad Wharf, and the two lights together served to leading vessels to the wharf.
Pooles Island Light is the oldest lighthouse still standing in Maryland and the fourth oldest in the Chesapeake Bay area.
Of the 42 islands in the park, Pirotan Island is the most popular and is one of the two islands where visitors are normally permitted.
It is visible from land only from other remote islands of Italy and Croatia.
It was inscribed as a monument historique before 1987.
The lighthouse is built of iron and painted white.
The Beaver Head Light is located high on a bluff on the southern tip of Beaver Island.
It is a well-maintained park, and is open year-round throughout all four seasons.
It was the sixth lighthouse built in the colonies.
The Warren Cove Range Lights are a set of range lights on Rocky Point, Prince Edward Island, Canada.
The diaphone foghorn was switched off in 1988, apparently the redundant equipment remains inside.
Gibbs died at home on 30 April 2010.
Vaindloo Lighthouse - a lighthouse located on the island of Vaindloo; in Estonia.
The lighthouse keeper's cottage is now a National Trust holiday cottage.
It had 15 lamps in 15-inch reflectors.
Its beam can be seen at a distance of 30 kilometres.
Port Północny Lighthouse - a lighthouse in Gdańsk, located on the Polish coast of the Baltic Sea, by the Bay of Gdańsk.
The narrow 4-by-4-metre landing pad could only be used by very experienced pilots.
A platform sits at the southwest edge of Southampton Shoals, northeast of Angel Island in the San Francisco Bay.
In 1960, the lighthouse was decommissioned to allow the transfer of the light’s apparatus to a new lighthouse on Cape Martin to the immediate north.
The Barberyn Lighthouse is one of the four international lighthouses in Sri Lanka.
South Shields is a coastal town at the mouth of the River Tyne, England, about 4.84 miles downstream from Newcastle upon Tyne.
Corregidor Lighthouse is higher at over 600 feet, and among the Spanish Colonial lighthouses, the tower of Cape Melville Lighthouse is the tallest at 90 feet.
The Presque Isle Light is one of three lighthouses on Lake Erie in U.S. state of Pennsylvania.
The tower survives intact and has beautifully curving gallery railings, similar to those at Bardsey Lighthouse.
They were built in 1907, and are still active.
In 1857, a fourth order Fresnel lens replaced the lamps and reflectors which had been in place.
It is maintained by the Japan Coast Guard.
Anseküla Lighthouse - a lighthouse located in Anseküla, on the eastern side of the Sõrve Peninsula, on the island of Saaremaa; in Estonia.
Point Fermin is a lighthouse on Point Fermin in San Pedro, California.
The lighthouse is on the National Register of Historic Places.
It is the location of Fort Moultrie and the current Charleston Light.
There are five sash windows in the tower, with the doorway facing the keeper's house.
The lower columns culminate in a final square pillar which faces the sea and supports a light on a small post.
It is at GPS: 34°28.24′N - 114°21.72′W.
Gay Head Light is a historic lighthouse located on Martha's Vineyard westernmost point off of Lighthouse Road in Aquinnah, Massachusetts.
Lt. Frederick Mahan of the Lighthouse Board proposed that all U.S. lighthouses be given a “numerical flash” pattern.
An aerial cableway is used to take supplies to the lighthouse and cottages.
Punta Mulas Light, also known as Faro de Vieques, is a historic lighthouse located in the north shore of Vieques, an island-municipality of Puerto Rico.
North Solitary Island Light is an active lighthouse on North Solitary Island, a large island off the coast of New South Wales, Australia.
This was completed in 1974 at a cost of £71,000 and is currently in use.
It flashes white every 12 seconds and has a nominal range of 25 nautical miles.
The color is red on 025°-070° and white elsewhere.
Vessels are able to use the two lights to align themselves with the middle of the channel, avoiding the rocky shores.
and as one of New York's Historic Light Stations.
Gjeslingene Lighthouse is a coastal lighthouse in the municipality of Vikna in Nord-Trøndelag, Norway.
Its keeper's house was relocated to a different location in the 1920s.
Langøytangen Lighthouse is a fully automated coastal lighthouse situated on the island of Langøya in Langesund in municipality of Bamble, Norway.
In 1836 Sir Archibald Geikie recorded the movement of a 42 long tons block of gneiss across 5 feet of ground during a violent storm.
It was designed and built on June 11, 1764 by Isaac Conro.
The tower is the only surviving part of a more extensive light station, which included a keeper's house and an oil house; only ruins survive.
It is the tallest lighthouse in Atlantic Canada, and the second tallest one in all of Canada, reaching a height of 109 feet.
The lighthouse was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in March 2008.
The northernmost area of the island remains unpopulated.
It is located on the eastern shore of Lake Winnebago, inside the Columbia Park, a Fond du Lac County park.
This light is paired with a large rear range light.
Two floors, five stories high keeper’s dwelling, approx.
Manning enjoyed fishing offshore, and often returned from these boat trips late at night.
Sixty-thousand people ascended the lighthouse in 1985, and it continues to be a popular tourist attraction.
It was first established in 1821 on Pond Island at the mouth of the Kennebec.
The last part of the computer game Sherlock Holmes: The Awakened takes place in this lighthouse.
Listed in the Library of Congress Historic American Buildings Survey, WI-324.
The 16.5-metre tall square granite tower is attached to the landward end of a 1-1/2 story granite lighthouse keeper's home.
It was destroyed by a ship collision in 1953 and replaced by a skeleton tower on the same foundation.
It is located between Cape Canaveral Light and Hillsboro Inlet Light.
The light is located on the summit of the island which is on the northern section of the island.
They were 400 feet apart on a magnetic bearing of 228°, with a seven-foot walkway connecting them.
The site was also home to a Marconi Station, of which only the foundations survive.
It is located 18.5 km west of the Island of Montecristo, 23.5 km south of Pianosa Island and 43.1 km east of Corsica.
The present skeleton tower was built following the fire.
Old Point Comfort Light is a lighthouse located on the grounds of Fort Monroe in the Virginia portion of the Chesapeake Bay.
Capones Island Lighthouse is a historic lighthouse located in Capones Island off the coast of Brgy.
Eagle Island Light is a lighthouse on Eagle Island in Penobscot Bay.
Skokholm Lighthouse is a lighthouse found on the small Welsh island of Skokholm, just off the south-west coast of Pembrokeshire.
Each column carries a steel daymark painted black and white.
The lighthouse is located at the entrance of the "Balneario Punta Guilarte" beach resort managed by the Puerto Rico National Parks Company.
The light was changed from alternating red and white to fixed red on January 21, 1881 to reduce confusion with the nearby just-completed Tillamook Rock Light.
Once part of St. Catherine's Oratory, its octagonal stone tower can still be seen today on the hill to the west of Niton.
It is near Fort Fisher and North Carolina Aquarium at Fort Fisher and Kure Beach.
The Ōmazaki Lighthouse is a lighthouse located at the northernmost extremity of the Shimokita Peninsula of Honshū island in Ōma, Aomori Prefecture, Japan.
The lighthouse has an octagonal shaped tower that is 56 m high.
Calais Lighthouse is located in Calais in Nord-Pas-de-Calais.
The season’s fourth episode was watched by millions on June 19, 2003, and is currently in worldwide syndication.
The original tower, first illuminated in 1816, was replaced in 1876 with the current 45-foot tall iron-plated tower and a new keeper's dwelling.
Light is now from catoptric sealed beam lamps, mounted on a gear less pedestal.
It has been replaced by a skeleton tower.
The museum features exhibits on area history, industry and culture.
Fierce tides limited the period in which building work could take place to less than half of each year.
Fowey Rocks Light is located seven miles southeast of Cape Florida on Key Biscayne.
The light was added to the National Register of Historic Places as Baker's Island Light Station in 1976.
One of the oldest and tallest active lighthouses on the Great Lakes, it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The light is shone through a window.
The White Shoal Light was a lighthouse located in the James River near Newport News, Virginia.
The Saint-Mathieu lighthouse is a lighthouse located on Pointe Saint-Mathieu in Plougonvelin, around Brest in Finistère.
Most of the 80 workers were Croats and Chilotes, ten of whom were dismissed for insubordination.
It is maintained by the Port au Choix National Historic Site.
A light has been active at this location since 1820; the present tower was built in 1872.
It is remote-controlled since 1976 and owned by the Swedish Maritime Administration.
Pokonji Dol is an islet in the Croatian part of the Adriatic Sea, which is situated 500 meters south from Hvar.
The structure is cast iron, with a screw-pile foundation, a platform and a skeletal tower.
The site is listed in the Victorian Heritage Register.
The Milwaukee Breakwater lighthouse is located in the harbor of Milwaukee in Milwaukee County, Wisconsin.
Anorisaki Lighthouse is a lighthouse located on the top of Shima Peninsula in the city of Shima, Mie Prefecture, Japan.
The Gibraltar North Mole Elbow Lighthouse is one of several lighthouses in Gibraltar, a British Overseas Territory at the south end of the peninsula of Iberia.
The Alki Point Light is an active aid to navigation located on Puget Sound's Alki Point, the southern entrance to Seattle's Elliott Bay, King County, Washington.
The present structure was built in 1875.
The Broad Sound Channel Inner Range Lights were a pair of lighthouses in Boston Harbor.
The Point Amour Lighthouse is a lighthouse located on Point Amour in southern Labrador, Canada.
The light sits at an elevation of 22 metres above sea level.
Cape Mudge Lighthouse is located on Quadra Island which is off Campbell River, on the east coast of Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada.
Buffalo North Breakwater South End Light is a lighthouse formerly located at the entrance to Buffalo Harbor, Buffalo, New York.
A lookout tower was built next to the lighthouse in 1929.
Comboyuro Point Light, which was also known later as Comboyuro Light, was located Comboyuro Point, at the north western tip of Moreton Island.
A different lantern was added in 1987.
This is the easternmost of the three Nordkapp area lighthouses, and it is often considered the North Cape Light, marking the "top" of Europe.
The lighthouse was designed and constructed in conjunction with the much shorter) Lower Lighthouse which stands on Fleetwood sea front.
The island is now owned by one of its former inhabitants, who uses it to graze cattle and sheep.
Letipea Lighthouse - a lighthouse located in Letipea Point, Viru-Nigula Parish, Lääne-Viru County; in Estonia.
It is located on a small island in the Aspefjord about 8 kilometres west of the mainland.
Constructed of red sandstone the structure stands on top of the steep cliffs above the Celtic Sea.
Given its location on the northern breakwater where the Pere Marquette River meets Lake Michigan, it is sometimes known as the Ludington North Breakwater Light.
The lighthouse is registered by Heritage New Zealand as a Category I structure, and the adjacent lighthouse keepers cottage has a Category II registration.
The lighthouse marks the eastern entrance of St. Margarets Bay and is officially known as the Peggys Point Lighthouse.
The other is called Fisgard Lighthouse and is located in British Columbia.
This small brick lighthouse was erected in 1929.
Designs for the lighthouse were drawn up by a George Halpin, a Senior Inspector of Lighthouses.
The lighthouse and the island are protected by the state as White Island State Historic Site.
The lighthouse is listed on the National Register of Historic Places, the Historic American Buildings Survey, and the New Jersey Register of Historic Places.
The brick structure was commissioned on 1 June 1830, when it replaced a wooden lighthouse that had been built on the same site by the Dutch.
With the opening of the Panama Canal in 1914, the lighthouse would become "the most important aid to navigation on the route from Europe to Panama".
This change required replacing the first light, and in 1876 a pair of lighthouses were constructed in range light configuration to provide improved navigation.
Stony Point Light is shown on the NOAA Chart 12343
The inscription of the year 1924 on the nearby weather vane on the lightower’s dome roof marks the beginning of construction works of the lighthouse.
The foundation is stone molehead and the lighthouse is made out of cast iron with brick and wood lining.
It has been inactive since spring 2008.
It is one of the oldest lighthouses in the world and the second oldest operating lighthouse in the world, after the Tower of Hercules in Spain.
Cape Blanco Light is a lighthouse located on Cape Blanco, Oregon, United States in Cape Blanco State Park.
The lighthouse is just south of Nags Head, a few miles before Oregon Inlet.
The current pair of lighthouses were built in 1861.
The whole island is owned by the Swedish foundation "Skärgårdsstiftelsen".
Entry to the lighthouse costs $11.00 for an adult, $8.00 for seniors and $4.00 per child.
The light can be seen from Land's End by day and night, and is almost exactly halfway between the Lizard and the Isles of Scilly.
The light has been officially inactive since 2008 but may still be displayed occasionally for decorative purposes.
The light is currently a xenon flashtube beacon.
A lighted beacon was constructed in 1925 at nearby Kolachal.
Planier Light is an active lighthouse on the small Île du Planier, 13 kilometres from Marseille, Bouches-du-Rhône, France.
It is the only lighthouse in the UK built in the Egyptian style.
Mannar Island Lighthouse is a lighthouse in Urumalai on Mannar Island in northern Sri Lanka.
The Hooper Island Light is a lighthouse in the Chesapeake Bay, west of Middle Hooper Island in Maryland.
Understen is a Swedish island and lighthouse station located in South Kvarken, east of Öregrund at the northern tip of sea of Åland in Sweden.
The Sturgeon Bay Canal lighthouse is a lighthouse located at the Coast Guard station near Sturgeon Bay in Door County, Wisconsin.
It is not only an important part of the culture and traditions of the Naval Academy, but also is a trusted navigational point in Annapolis Harbor.
Brockton Point Lighthouse is located in Stanley Park, Vancouver Island, British Columbia.
The stone tower at Store Færder is now in ruins.
The lighthouse, besides being a navigational aid, serves as an important automatic weather station.
The lighthouse started functioning from the 21 November 1977.
Homborsund Lighthouse was constructed the same year as Lyngør Lighthouse, and the two stations have similar designs.
There has been a lighthouse on the headland since 1980.
Engineers for the structure were Anderson and Barr, and the contractor was D.P.
Both Winslow Homer and Fitz Henry Lane painted the first tower.
It was automated and depopulated in 2004.
The tower was built in the summer of 1879 in a record time of six months, following a fire at the old lighthouse.
The lighthouse was designed by William P. Anderson and has a red lantern and an arched base with a walkway underneath.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
South Neptune Island Lighthouse is a lighthouse on South Neptune Islands within the Neptune Islands, near the entrance to Spencer Gulf in South Australia.
Standing 35 metres tall, its light is visible from 35 statute miles inland.
Whale Rock Light was a sparkplug lighthouse marking Whale Rock, a dangerous island in the entrance to the West Passage of Narragansett Bay.
Ludlam's Beach Light was a lighthouse formerly located in Sea Isle City, New Jersey.
It is surmounted by an original Chance Brothers lantern with a modern VRB-25 self-contained rotating beacon mounted inside.
Hillsboro Inlet Light is considered one of the most powerful lights in the world with a beam that can be seen for 28 nautical miles.
It replaced an octagonal granite tower built in 1839.
The iron pilings remain, but are deteriorating.
The lighthouse is located on the small island of Moøya in the Bjørnsund islands, about 5 kilometres west of the village of Bud on the mainland.
Punta Penna Lighthouse is an active lighthouse in Vasto, Italy.
Access is via a short hike from the end of a 4WD road.
The Bishop Rock is a very small islet in the Atlantic Ocean known for its lighthouse.
This is the easternmost lighthouse in Norway.
The Greens Ledge Light replaced the Sheffield Island Light.
The Cabo da Roca Lighthouse is a beacon/lighthouse located 165 metres above the Atlantic Ocean, on Portugal's most westerly extent.
The fourth and last tower on this particular site was constructed in 1857 and was in service for 130 years.
Greenbury Point Light was the name of two lighthouses in the Chesapeake Bay, both located at the mouth of the Severn River in Annapolis, Maryland.
It was built in the period of March 13, 1891 to September 29 of 1893.
Dog Island Lighthouse has twice featured on New Zealand stamps.
The site is listed in the Victorian Heritage Register.
A flag mast was present at this location previously to assist fishermen.
It is the landfall light for the Ems estuary and the port of Emden, serving also as a day mark.
Norah Head Light is an active lighthouse located at Norah Head, a headland on the Central Coast, New South Wales, Australia, close to Toukley.
Måløy–Skarholmen Lighthouse is a coastal lighthouse in the municipality of Steigen in Nordland county, Norway.
Horsburgh Lighthouse is an active lighthouse which marks the eastern entrance to the Straits of Singapore.
In 1940 the island passed into private hands and was acquired by the Town of Marion in 1966.
The light can be seen for up to 13.4 nautical miles.
It is the second newest lighthouse in Michigan—the newest being the Tri-Centennial Light of Detroit -- and one of three memorial lights in Michigan.
The Capo Sandalo Lighthouse is prominent lighthouse on the westernmost point of San Pietro Island marking the southwestern corner of Sardinia, Italy.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places as Point Gratiot Lighthouse Complex in 1979.
The present skeleton structure was built in 1935.
Lågskär Lighthouse is an automated lighthouse located on the north side of Lågskär, one of Finland's Åland Islands in the Sea of Åland of the Baltic.
Ballycotton experiences severe coastal erosion with metres of land crumbling into the sea every few years.
The entrance to the harbor of the town of Skudeneshavn lies about 3 kilometres northeast of the lighthouse.
During the Civil War Confederate forces removed the lenses from the lights.
It was replaced in 1961 by a skeletal tower, visible for 12 nautical miles.
The light sits atop a 7-metre tall white, concrete tower.
Eventually the United States Lighthouse Service was able to persuade the Army that lighthouse keepers should once again be allowed to purchase supplies at army commissaries.
There were two lighthouse keepers and a master until 1962 when the lighthouse was automated.
The flame first ran on colza oil.
In 1898, the lighthouse played a major role in the Battle of Fajardo during the Puerto Rican Campaign of the Spanish–American War.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Whitehead Light Station on March 14, 1988.
Dolphin Lighthouse is one of the three lighthouses in the Mumbai harbour off the coast of Mumbai, India.
The first lighthouse built in the state, it is now a truncated ruined tower.
The site is closed to the public.
The lighthouse remains operational and is positioned west of the Rock of Gibraltar, on the South Mole at Gibraltar Harbour.
Here marriages may be commemorated on a small plaque in front of the tower.
The new light will have a range of approximately 7 nautical miles.
The first lighthouse was constructed in 1847 at a height of 33 meters.
Hestskjær Lighthouse is a coastal lighthouse located in Averøy Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
The watchtower was destroyed by a Spanish naval force in 1802.
The lighthouse was entered on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
A small castle was built on the island in 1550.
It was built in 1845 on the ramparts of the Castillo de los Tres Reyes Magos del Morro, an old fortress guarding the harbor of Havana.
On display at the museum is the first order Fresnel lens from the Sombrero Key lighthouse.
Waipapa Point Lighthouse is a lighthouse located at Waipapa Point, Southland, New Zealand.
It and Sentinel Island Light Station were the first U.S. government lighthouses opened in Alaska, lit first on March 21, 1902.
There is a 2 1⁄2 story limestone keepers quarters that was built in 1871, which is currently used as a museum.
Due to the erratic weather conditions, and the dangerous commute for both keepers and suppliers, the lighthouse was nicknamed "Terrible Tilly".
Public access to the top of the tower is allowed in the company of a guide.
The lighthouse of São Miguel-o-Anjo is Portugal's oldest existing lighthouse and one of the oldest in Europe.
The Americans built a radar bunker on the cape in 1942 which is now open to the public.
The present lighthouse is on a 9.3-metre tall concrete post that is painted with red and white horizontal bands.
The tower has a space for exhibitions.
Following constant erosion, the lighthouse was moved back in 1830, and again in 1846.
The white tower was manned until March 1997, becoming one of the last lighthouses in Scotland to be automated.
Dueodde Lighthouse is Denmark's tallest lighthouse and one of the most important lighthouses of the Baltic Sea.
It was established in 1884 as a result of a new channel that was cut, and relocated in 1913 due to another change in the channels.
The Cap-des-Rosiers Lighthouse is the tallest lighthouse in Canada, standing 34.1 metres tall.
The ruins of an outhouse lie nearby.
The Murray Harbour Range Lights are a set of range lights near Murray_Harbour,_Prince_Edward_Island, Canada.
The light is just outside the entrance to Biddeford Pool and the end of the Saco River.
The present-day lighthouse tower is 19 metres in height, completed in 1925.
Ventspils Lighthouse - a lighthouse located in Ventspils on the Latvian coast of the Baltic Sea.
Built by the British in 1883 and renovated in 1993, the lighthouse is operated by the Egyptian Navy.
It marks the entrance to the harbor at Harbor Springs.
Most visitors are day-trippers, although there are 23 holiday properties and a camp site for staying visitors, mostly also around the south of the island.
The lighthouse was constructed in 1928 and is currently owned by the Coast Guard.
In the summer, however, his family would often come and stay with him.
It was built at the same time that the North Channel into Boston Harbor was dredged to become the principal entrance for large vessels.
Its light characteristic is a group of three flashes that occurs every twenty seconds whereby the light source emits from a focal plane of 43 metres.
A granite base was added in 1922.
It is located about 8 kilometres southwest of the municipal centre of Sveio.
The skeleton tower is 24 feet high giving it a focal plane 38 feet above sea level.
It lies between the Punta Abona lighthouse to the northeast and the Punta de Teno lighthouse of Buenavista del Norte to the northwest.
Soviet landing troops tried to explode the lighthouse during the Battle of Bengtskär during the Continuation War in 1941.
The beacon is 10 metres in height; coloured in white with a black colour roof.
Ytreholmen Lighthouse is a lighthouse in the municipality of Herøy in Nordland county, Norway.
The light is important in directing ships onto the Strait from the north.
The new light is identified by the USCG as 7-21895.
The lighthouse was at one time painted with alternating red and white rings, but as of 2017, the lighthouse is painted plain white.
This lighthouse should not be confused with the Cabo Rojo lighthouse, known as Faro de Los Morrillos de Cabo Rojo.
It replaced range lights constructed in 1891, and is located on the same pier.
It is also the oldest working lighthouse in East Anglia.
It overlooks Martha's Vineyard and Nonamesset Island.
A very small hostel exists on the island.
It was listed on June 20, 1973 and was designed by architect Kivas Tully.
But before construction began on the new structure, the original lighthouse was severely damaged by the 1918 earthquake that struck the west part of the island.
The tower has a circular cross section and a height of 30 meters.
Fully automated, the beacon is a private aid to navigation.
After the lighthouse was automated in 1952 the tower and other buildings at the site were often vandalized, interfering with the operation of the light.
It can be viewed from nearby Wingaersheek Beach, Gloucester.
The Grand Island Harbor Rear Range Light is a lighthouse located off M-28 in Munising Township, Michigan.
It is 20 miles north of Eureka, California, built in 1871.
The Kenosha Lighthouse Studio is open for individual dinners/meetings and other events.
Now controlled by the Northern Lighthouse Board in Edinburgh, it displays three white flashes every thirty seconds.
which was thereafter replaced by a diaphone.
The lighthouse went in service on May 15, 1856, together with its counterpart.
When these lights were built, there was no way to produce a flashing light and, occasionally mariners would confuse one light for another with disastrous results.
The first Castillo San Felipe del Morro Lighthouse was built in 1846 and exhibited a light using five parabolic reflectors.
The Punta Sardina Lighthouse is an active lighthouse on the Canary island of Gran Canaria.
Federal Point Light was a lighthouse at Federal Point near Kure Beach in New Hanover County, North Carolina.
The light is powered by solar power.
Ve Skerries,, are a group of low skerries 3 miles north west of Papa Stour, on the west coast of Shetland.
It is one of Sweden's most noted lighthouses and a special symbol for the city of Gothenburg.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Prospect Harbor Light Station in 1988.
It shows a fixed white light that can be seen for 18 miles.
It is located within the historic boundaries of the North Riding of Yorkshire.
The Bloody Point Range Lights were built in 1883.
The mangroves consist mainly of species of Rhizophora, Avicennia and Ceriops.
The lighthouse was replaced by a smaller automated light in 1988.
Belyea's Point Lighthouse is an 11-metre-tall landfall lighthouse located along the Saint John River, near the community of Morrisdale.
The Canadians declare that the island is part of the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador.
An automated light operated on the ruins until 1966–1967 when it was removed.
A steam-powered fog horn was added in 1871, and a fog signal building sheltering the fog signal apparatus was constructed in 1892.
The Whitlocks Mill Light is a lighthouse on the south bank of the St. Croix River in Calais, Maine.
The structures were ready and the light was lit in late 1878.
Art shows, open to the public, can be found on the kenoshalighthousestudio.com website.
The lightstation was decommissioned in January 1994 after being the longest continuous operating light on the Australian mainland.
The current structure was built in 1867 and remained in service until 1880.
The Summerside Outer Range Lights are a set of range lights near Summerside, Prince Edward Island, Canada.
Yokohama Marine Tower is a 106 metres high lattice tower with an observation deck at a height of 100 metres in Naka Ward, Yokohama, Japan.
The park is known for the Point Atkinson Lighthouse, located at the southernmost tip of the peninsula.
The original keeper's house on shore is now operated as the main museum of the Cook County Historical Society.
The lighthouse is located at the highest point of the island.
Nieuwe Sluis is a Dutch lighthouse in the Nieuwesluis community, a few kilometres west of Breskens, Zeeland.
Cape Sarichef was named in 1816 by Russian explorer Otto von Kotzebue after Admiral Gavril Sarychev of the Imperial Russian Navy.
It is one of four main lighthouses on La Palma, each one marking a different quadrant of the island.
It is the only screw-pile lighthouse in the bay which stands at its original site.
During the entire period that the tower was manned it also maintained meteorological records which were well placed to assist in cyclone development tracking.
It is the first lighthouse erected after the Sri Lankan independence, until the Hambantota Port and the Colombo Port expansion occurred in 2012-13.
It sometimes rendered as Esha Ness Lighthouse.
The residential part of the lighthouse, completed in 1857, has been renovated and now serves as a museum.
In 1930, when the Afsluitdijk was finished, the tower was relocated to the eastern end of Wieringen at Den Oever.
In Greek myth of Jason and the Golden Fleece, the two islets these lighthouses were built were called the Symplegades.
The lighthouse caught fire and was destroyed during the dismantling in 1953.
Initially the beacon was produced by a mechanical system that rotated the incandescent lamp every 5 seconds, powered by a diesel engine.
Noup Head Lighthouse lies on the north west headland of the isle of Westray, in Orkney, Scotland.
The lighthouse is immediately north of the confluence of Hunting Creek and the Potomac River.
Situated on the east coast of Yorkshire at the mouth of the River Esk, Whitby has an established maritime, mineral and tourist heritage.
A $1.5 million renovation was completed in October 2013.
The light can be seen for about 18 nautical miles.
The lighthouse now has five storeys and 88 steps; it is unmanned and not open for visitors.
The island is owned by the New York State Office of Parks, Recreation and Historic Preservation and operated as Rock Island Lighthouse State Park.
The lighthouse has a square floor plan constructed on a granite plinth with brick walls, which are whitewashed in modern day.
The Smith Island Light was a lighthouse on Smith Island, Island County, Washington.
This range was eventually succeeded by the Nantucket Harbor Range Lights, which are still in operation.
Fowey Rocks are named for the Royal Navy frigate HMS Fowey which was wrecked on a different reef to the south in 1748.
The north tower is still there, and is declared a Rijksmonument.
Liston Range Rear Lighthouse is a lighthouse in Delaware, United States, on the Delaware River.
The tower was built as a 30-metre-tall rubblestone construction employing a Fresnel lens, which today is on display in Hobart at the Maritime Museum of Tasmania.
It is listed as number 20975 in the USCG light lists.
The fissures in the rock produce a howling sound in gales, hence the name.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
The tower stands at the foot of the cliffs of Noirmont Point, in the Vingtaine de Noirmont in the Parish of Saint Brélade.
A successful restoration effort was completed in 2009 and a non-navigational light was activated in 2012.
A crew of lightkeepers were stationed on the island until it was made fully automated in 1974.
Mizunokojima Lighthouse is an active lighthouse located in Japan's Bungo Channel.
Landsort is the southernmost point of the Stockholm archipelago.
Fastnet also gives its name to the sea area used by the Shipping Forecasts on BBC's Radio 4.
The United States Coast Guard Light List describes it simply as a "white square tower".
This connection to major eastern markets was critical to the development of central Michigan.
The light is 52 feet tall and is made of five courses that make up its four stories.
The current tower was built in 1900.
It was built in 1862 and is a major tourist attraction.
Explaining his decision to purchase the lighthouse, Carl Haffenreffer said, "I was afraid someone was going to paint it pink or haul it away for scrap."
The white, red, or green light is an occulting light which flashes off once every 6 seconds at an intensity of 4,500 candela.
There is a small Coast Guard Station on the island.
It stands on Canberra Terrace near downtown Caloundra.
It was inaugurated on 29 September 1986.
The lighthouse was completed in 1878, replacing the Cape Florida Light.
This area, in the Michigan wine country, is known for its exquisite beauty and is a popular spot for tourists during the summer months.
In 1891 the light was changed to fixed white.
It was established in 1859, and deactivated in 1911, when it was replaced by a light.
Bastøy Lighthouse is a coastal lighthouse in the municipality of Horten in Vestfold, Norway.
The island is connected to Öland by a small bridge built in 1965.
Bogskär Lighthouse is located n the Bogskär islets of the Åland Islands.
The light's beacon flashes white every 5 seconds.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places as Newburyport Harbor Light on June 15, 1987, reference number 87001485.
Cape D'Aguilar, or Hok Tsui, is a cape in the south of Shek O and D'Aguilar Peak on southeastern Hong Kong Island, Hong Kong.
It takes its name from the Reading Power Station which is close by.
It now stands landlocked at the Canada Science and Technology Museum in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
Ponnani lighthouse is situated in Malappuram district, Kerala on the south bank of Bharathappuzha river.
East Island Lighthouse is a lighthouse on East Island in the Lacepede Islands off the north west coast of Western Australia.
The Cape Canaveral Light is a historic lighthouse on the east coast of the U.S. state of Florida.
The Stony Point Light is a lighthouse on the shore of Lake Ontario near Henderson Bay in New York.
It currently is painted red, but the lighthouse also has been painted white in the past.
It is considered the best-preserved lighthouse complex in the country, and is the oldest lighthouse in New Zealand still in operation.
The lighthouse functions as the entrance to the shipping route for the ports of Kapellskär, Norrtälje and Stockholm.
The concept echoes that of Lake Huron's Alpena Light.
It was privately built and is a private aid to navigation.
Lighthouses in the Philippines are maintained by the Philippine Coast Guard.
It is part of the metropolitan borough of South Tyneside which includes the towns of Jarrow and Hebburn.
Crabtree Ledge Light was a sparkplug lighthouse on Frenchman Bay, Maine.
Bear Island Light is a lighthouse on Bear Island near Mt.
The 34-metre tall unpainted granite tower was first lit in 1836, but it was rebuilt in 1853.
Great Point Light, officially, Nantucket Light is a lighthouse located on the northernmost point of Nantucket Island.
Stawa Młyny is an official symbol of Świnoujście, being part of the Official Logo of Świnoujście, which is characterised with the beacon.
It was established in 1890 and automated in 2005.
Considered to be one of the best-known lighthouses in northern Germany, it was built in 1908.
The place where the lighthouse is erected is named Rumelifeneri, which today is a fishermen's village in Sarıyer district.
The Ponce de Leon Inlet Light is a lighthouse and museum located at Ponce de León Inlet in Central Florida.
The lighthouse is located in between the Kikut Lighthouse, and the Kołobrzeg Lighthouse.
Faro Castillo del Morro is a lighthouse located in Havana, Cuba.
The original lighthouse was a cypress tower.
The tower, which was owned and maintained by the United States Coast Guard, was located at 40.46°N 73.83°W﻿ / 40.46; -73.83.
The lighthouse was designed by Col. Orlando M. Poe and has been described as "A classic Poe tower."
The lighthouse was listed in the National Register of Historic Places by the United States government on October 22, 1981.
The Baltimore Harbor Light, officially Baltimore Light and historically Baltimore Harbor Lighthouse is a privately owned caisson lighthouse in the Chesapeake Bay in Maryland.
A watch room is enclosed by the structure, and a one-storey lighthouse keeper's house adjoins the lighthouse.
Various interpretations have been provided for the original meaning of the Gaelic name, of which "The Black Rock" is the most likely.
The Pemaquid Point Light is a historic U.S. lighthouse located in Bristol, Lincoln County, Maine, at the tip of the Pemaquid Neck.
There are also a number of gravestones, many belonging to those who were shipwrecked in the area after the lighthouse was built.
The lighthouse marks the beginning of the route from the Timor Sea to Darwin.
The characteristic changed from flashing to fixed and back to flashing along with the change in light source.
Battle Island Light is a lighthouse on the Canadian shore of Lake Superior.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
It is named after the Windmill Point peninsula, where it is located.
It illuminates and guides the sailors in that part of Ligurian Sea.
The lighthouse was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
A nearby Bronze Age barrow was excavated in 1925.
It was first lit in 1874 on the archipelago Svenner.
It is owned by the Swedish Maritime Administration.
Mile Rocks Lighthouse is located on a rock about 2 miles southwest of the Golden Gate Bridge, off of Lands End in San Francisco, California.
Halten lighthouse is a lighthouse situated in the now uninhabited fishing village of Halten in the municipality of Frøya in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.
Lighthouse construction was continued by the Americans in 1902 and the light was finally lit on December 1, 1902.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Heron Neck Light Station on January 21, 1988.
Barøy Lighthouse is a lighthouse in the municipality of Ballangen in Nordland county, Norway.
Lesnoy Mole Rear Range Light is an active lighthouse and range light in Saint Petersburg, Russia.
The Duluth South Breakwater Inner Light is a lighthouse on the south breakwater of the Duluth Ship Canal in Duluth, Minnesota, United States.
After 19th century, this port was in a neglected state.
The lighthouse is located at the easternmost point of Bulgaria.
Between October 2015 and May 2016, the brown tower was dismantled and the light was moved about 100 feet south of its previous foundation structure.
The facilities are open to the public in summer including access to the light house tower.
With increasing sea traffic in the area, the lighthouse was constructed during the years 1832–1835.
The shoal was named for the pilot boat William J. Romer which sank there in 1863.
It is located in Baurs Park on the Kanonenberg, approximately 1,340 meters from the front light.
The light characteristic shown is a green occulting light with a cycle of three seconds, the same as Robertson Point Light.
The lighthouse is located on Jones Point in Alexandria, and is part of Jones Point Park.
The Old Michigan City lighthouse is located in the harbor of Michigan City, Indiana.
Both the lenses and lantern were eventually removed.
The Mayo Beach Light was an early lighthouse on Cape Cod.
The lighthouse is closed to the public.
The Parris Island Range Lights were range lights on the southern end of Parris Island in Beaufort County, South Carolina.
The fog signal was discontinued in the 1980s although the horn remains in place as a decoration.
Bear Island Light was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Bear Island Light Station on March 14, 1988.
The fort is also known as "Pinchgut" lending its name to the light.
The western entrance to the Behm Canal also lies nearby.
South Shields is represented in Parliament by Labour MP Emma Lewell-Buck.
Old Colombo Lighthouse or Colombo Fort Clock Tower is a clock tower and was a lighthouse in Colombo.
It was erected to replace a lightship, which itself replaced the still-standing Old St. Johns River Light.
The Kadalur Point Lighthouse is situated in Kadalur, near Koyilandy in Kozhikode district on the coast of Arabian sea in India.
Until 1908 it operated on gas which it produced from a gasworks on the site.
Vessels from Singapore, Indonesia, India, and all the ports of the Philippine Islands, to the south, first sight the Cabra Island light.
Hellisøy Lighthouse is a coastal lighthouse in Fedje municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.
Most of the old structure was removed in 1925 by a buoy tender's derrick.
"Emergency services responded promptly and nearby ships gave assistance.
Villa Lighthouse is a deactivated lighthouse in the municipality of Flatanger in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.
In 1858, the present light was built, replacing a separate round tower built in 1852.
Two Bush Island Light is a lighthouse on Two Bush Island, on the channel of the same name, the southwestern entrance to Penobscot Bay, Maine.
The lighthouse was the third of the four lighthouses built by French engineer Léonce Verny.
The light's characteristic is a single green flash that occurs every five seconds, emitted at a focal plane height of 14 metres.
The rock is now marked by Whale Rock Lighted Gong Buoy 3.
The interior of the structure has seven levels.
The Eddystone Lighthouse is on the dangerous Eddystone Rocks, 9 statute miles south of Rame Head, England, United Kingdom.
The light was deactivated from 1951 to 1963 after the land was sold to the town of Mattapoisett for use as a park.
It was added to the California Coastal National Monument in 2017.
It is located north of the small town of Sardina, in the municipality of Gáldar.
Cliffy Island is located about 32 kilometres directly south of Port Albert, and roughly 38 kilometres to the northeast of Wilsons Promontory Lighthouse in Victoria, Australia.
The lighthouse is still in operation, and is protected by the Norwegian government as an historical landmark.
The Battery Gladden Light was a lighthouse in Mobile Bay which marked a turn in the old ship channel.
An automated beacon operated for a number of years but was removed in May 2013.
The lighthouse is situated on a rocky skerry, which is elevated a maximum of 16 metres above the Baltic Sea.
It is Australia's most powerful lighthouse, with a light intensity of 2,200,000 cd.
Rubjerg Knude Lighthouse is located on the coast of the North Sea in Rubjerg, in the Jutland municipality of Hjørring in northern Denmark.
The station was built in 1905 and it characterised as a white building with red trim; with the lantern painted red.
It was discontinued in 1931, replaced by a skeleton tower, which was discontinued in 1952.
Elm Tree Beacon Light served as the front range with New Dorp Light as the rear to mark Swash Channel.
The new light sat on a screwpile foundation in the marsh and was reached by a boardwalk; it was equipped with a fifth order Fresnel lens.
The National Park Service and New York State Senator Jack Martins provided $165,000 and $100,000 in grant funding, respectively, to support the restoration efforts.
It is the oldest light station on the island with a modern beacon and is part of the museum on the island.
Selkirk Lighthouse is located at mouth of the Salmon River in New York.
The lighthouse is lit from July 21 until May 16 every year.
It is part of a listing on the National Register of Historic Places, Reference #80004835.
It was first lit on 1 October 1878.
The movement of the sands led to shifting of the towers and by 1881 the rear tower, Ipswich Rear Range Light, was badly cracked.
The Currituck   Beach Light is a lighthouse located on the Outer Banks in Corolla, North Carolina.
It guides ships into the coastal channel inside the Great Barrier Reef.
The Madras Light House is a lighthouse facing the Bay of Bengal on the east coast of the Indian Subcontinent.
Originally constructed as a wooden tower in 1830, that light was swept away by a schooner in 1857.
In the high season one can find many dive safari boats staying overnight, anchored to the reef.
It was decommissioned in January 1994 after being the longest continuous operating light on the Australian mainland.
The historic Grosse Point Light is located in Evanston, Illinois.
Capo Mele Lighthouse is an active lighthouse in northwestern Italy.
The Miminegash Range Lights were a set of range lights on Prince Edward Island, Canada.
It was decommissioned in 1957, and has since been sold to private owners.
Established in 1871, the beacon marks the deep water channel to Beverly, Salem and Marblehead Two bronze plaques contain historical information about the site.
The reef upon which it sits was given its name by Siwanoy Native American legends.
The Chequamegon Point light was maintained by the keeper of the La Pointe Light and its original lens came from there.
Because of its color scheme and form — red stone base and wood tower — it has been likened to an old-fashioned schoolhouse.
The light is in current use, under the management of the United States Coast Guard.
The red stripe on the building is still used as a day range.
On 16 November 2013, it was reopened to visitors.
Tangasseri Lighthouse is one of the most visited lighthouses in Kerala.
The current 34-metre lighthouse was built in 1961 to replace a lightship in the same location.
Also known as Prospect Harbor Light, it was first established in 1850.
This was heavily damaged in the Great Atlantic Hurricane of 1944 and was torn down in 1947 and replaced by a skeleton tower.
Due to beach erosion and weather damage over the decades, it was moved in 2014 to Port St. Joe.
Its early appearance as a screwpile lighhouse gave it the nickname "Bug Light" as there were no other such lighthouses in the vicinity.
The whole gamut of light sources has been run, from oil wicks to incandescent oil vapor to electricity.
This was the route that ocean liners took when competing for the Transatlantic speed record, known as the Blue Riband.
Keri Lighthouse is a lighthouse in the Gulf of Finland on Keri Island.
The High lighthouse or pillar lighthouse is one of three lighthouses in Burnham-on-Sea, Somerset, England.
The lighthouse is open as a museum every day except Mondays from 1 to 4 p.m.
Grinna lighthouse stands on the islet of Grinna in the South Gjæslingan island group on the north side of the Foldafjord.
Further southeast are the equally wholly submerged Silver Bank and Navidad Bank north of the Dominican Republic.
The tower was built in 1689, with an upper conical iron section added in 1870.
Since 1808, there has been a lighthouse there to guide ships through the Quoddy Narrows.
Carquinez Strait Lighthouse is a lighthouse in California, United States.
Goods and people had to be hoisted onto the island from the sea.
Located on Woodman Point in the City of Cockburn, it has been in continuous operation since 1902.
The Isle Royale Light, or Menagerie Island Light, is a lighthouse within Isle Royale National Park, in Keweenaw County, northern Michigan.
It is an active aid to navigation.
The lighthouse is located on the small island Fugløykalven northwest of the island Nord-Fugløya.
The Light was badly damaged during Hurricane Sandy.
The phare du Portzic is situated on the north-eastern extremity of the Goulet de Brest and is the nearest lighthouse to the town of Brest.
The lens has a focal plane of 42 metres with white light flashing every 12 seconds.
The Pages Rock Light was a lighthouse located in the York River in the Chesapeake Bay.
Race Rock Light was built between 1871 and 1878.
Bo'ao Lighthouse is situated on the north side of the entrance to the harbor at Bo'ao, Hainan, China.
and has a range of 52 km.
Access to Patos Island is challenging; no public ferry system serves the 200 acre island.
It also has two fourth order Fresnel lenses.
The centennial of the lighthouse was celebrated in 1997.
The site is accessible by boat from Darwin, but the tower is closed to the public.
Butler Flats Light is a sparkplug lighthouse located in the outer harbor of New Bedford, Massachusetts, at the mouth of the Acushnet River.
Construction was authorized in 1866, but the lighthouse was not actually built until 1868 at a cost of $12,000.
Unlike the others it has a stationary rather than rotating beacon.
These include a warden, ranger, island manager and farmer, as well as bar and house-keeping staff.
The lighthouse is located on the island of Geiterøya, about 22 kilometres west of the main island of Vega.
The lighthouse, which operated from 1843 until 1962, is now a provincial museum, containing an exhibition about life in a lighthouse during the 1870s.
These included fog signal buildings and elevated iron catwalks, all of which have been removed.
The lighthouse in Jastarnia is located between the lighthouse in Rozewie and the lighthouse in Hel.
In 1987 a new, much larger lantern room was added to the top of the tower, acting as a sunroom.
In 2007, the government of Puerto Rico bought an area near the lighthouse to create a conservation area.
The deactivated lighthouse sits on Tatoosh Island, which is named after Chief Tatooche of the Makah Tribe.
It was established in 1859, and automated in 1990.
To see these stormy craggy rocks was frightening.
The Marrowstone Point Light is an active navigational aid overlooking Admiralty Inlet at the northern tip of Marrowstone Island, Jefferson County, Washington, in the United States.
Fuglenes Lighthouse was a coastal lighthouse located in the municipality of Hammerfest in Finnmark, Norway.
It serves as the rear range light, Grotto Point Light serving as the front light, into Port Jackson.
A storm destroyed the tower in 1821 and the current, stone lighthouse was erected in its place in 1823.
Its present characteristic is a white light flashing every 10 seconds.
The 42 meter high, red and white striped concrete tower with white steel lantern house was built in 1984.
The lighthouse is located in Niechorze, West Pomeranian Voivodeship; in Poland.
The light sits atop a 9.5-metre tall concrete post and emits its light 22 metres above sea level.
It is also on the State List/Inventory.
It replaced an ordinary red light that previously marked the harbor entrance.
It has a range of 18 nautical miles.
Pigeon Point Light Station or Pigeon Point Lighthouse is a lighthouse built in 1871 to guide ships on the Pacific coast of California.
Thirty Mile Point Light is a lighthouse on the south shore of Lake Ontario in Niagara County, New York.
The Kjeungskjær lighthouse is a lighthouse in the municipality of Ørland in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.
The construction of the lighthouse was commissioned in 1878 by the United States Congress, and began in 1880.
The Bjargtangar lighthouse is located on the cliffs of Látrabjarg in northwestern Iceland.
It was built in 1880 by order of William III of the Netherlands.
The original lens was a first order bivalve Fresnel lens.
Stratford Point Light is a historic lighthouse in Stratford, Connecticut, United States, at the mouth of the Housatonic River.
At 249 feet it is the world's fifth tallest lighthouse and the second tallest "traditional" one, built of masonry.
The lighthouse was built in 1849 out of stone rubble.
Roanoke Marshes Light was a screw-pile lighthouse in North Carolina.
It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places, Reference #83002005, name of Listing: TOLEDO HARBOR LIGHT.
On more than one occasion the lighthouse became a target and various explosions caused the glass in the lantern room to break.
The iron pilings were removed in 1975.
The original oil house now contains a Fresnel lens exhibit.
Punta Carena Lighthouse is an active lighthouse, located on the island of Capri on the head of the same name, about 3 kilometres southwest of Anacapri.
A unique A-frame structure, it was supplemented with a skeleton tower in 1928.
The lighthouse has influenced regional folklore and remains an important community landmark although it is currently neglected and threatened.
Neuland Lighthouse is a lighthouse in the north German state of Schleswig-Holstein on the Baltic Sea coast that was active from 1918 to 1996.
It is located on the southernmost tip of the Mornington Peninsula.
Dormitory-style accommodation is available in the lighthouse.
The ground floor was 5 metres in diameter and the top room 3 metres.
The light's focal plane is 65 feet above mean high water.
After five years, construction was complete and its beam first shone in 1887.
The light characteristic is marked by a flash every twenty seconds, whereby the light's colour is alternating red and green.
Ned Point Light is a historic lighthouse on Ned's Point Road in Mattapoisett, Massachusetts.
All 307 passengers and crew were saved from the partially submerged vessel."
The first keeper, Michael Mabrity, died in 1832, and his widow, Barbara, became the lighthouse keeper, serving for 32 years.
The lighthouse was listed as a protected site in 1997.
It is in the westernmost part of the Isles of Scilly, an archipelago 45 km off the southwestern tip of the Cornish peninsula of Great Britain.
Ocracoke Light is the oldest operating light station in North Carolina and the second oldest lighthouse still standing in the state.
The lighthouse was expanded to its present height in 1865.
Overlooking Lake Superior's Agate Bay, the lighthouse is located in Two Harbors, Minnesota.
The lighthouse is located between Gąski and the Jarosławiec.
It marks the entrance to the Nieuwe Waterweg.
The Undan Island Lighthouse is a lighthouse on the island of Undan, off the coast of Malacca, Malaysia.
It was deactivated in 1912 and no longer exists.
It lies entirely within the territorial waters of Canada although only about three miles from the international border between Canada and the United States.
The harbour is formed by the island of Voorne-Putten and the Brielse meer and the rivers Oude Maas, Spui and Haringvliet.
This newer two storey building has observation windows, with roof mounted radar and aerials, and is used for coastal traffic control.
The lighthouse was not only one of the first such buildings in Victoria, it was moreover Australia's first lighthouse tower with stone stairs.
The East Pascagoula River Light was a lighthouse in Pascagoula, Mississippi.
A lighthouse was finally successfully erected on Rebecca Shoal in 1886.
The light is paired with a second light installed in the steeple of Beverly's First Baptist Church in 1927.
The exact locations of the first two lighthouses are now underwater due to erosion.
The lighthouse was added to the National Register of Historic Places as Crossover Island Light Station in 2007.
Lynde Point Lighthouse used whale oil until 1879 when it switched to kerosene.
Saugerties Light, known also as the Saugerties Lighthouse, is a lighthouse on the Hudson River north of Saugerties, New York.
A private company completed the restoration of the lighthouse in 2001.
It is located on the grounds of Naval Station Mayport in the Mayport area.
The lighthouse was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in November 1978.
In 2006 it was sold at auction to a private bidder, after an unsuccessful attempt to find a non-profit group to take responsibility for the light.
The Eagle Island lighthouses were a pair of lighthouses on Eagle Island, County Mayo, Ireland.
It was reactivated five years later before being permanently decommissioned in 1899.
Around the lighthouse is a small public park with trails and information boards about the history of the lighthouse and the geologic area.
After it was destroyed in 1897, a new light was built in 1900.
Hurst Point Lighthouse is located at Hurst Point in the English county of Hampshire, and guides vessels through the western approaches to the Solent.
It is owned and operated by Maritime New Zealand.
The lighthouse sit on top of a tiny, 300-square-metre, rocky island in the fjord, about 3 kilometres northwest of the town of Florø.
The Fort Gratiot Light marks the entrance to the St. Clair River from Lake Huron in the southern portion of Michigan's Thumb.
Dismantled early, its remains are a landmark to watermen in the area.
Donaghadee is probably best known for its lighthouse and harbour.
While both sites of the lighthouses are open, their towers remain off-limits.
San Venerio Lighthouse is an active lighthouse on the island of Tino, in the comune of Porto Venere in the Province of La Spezia, Liguria, Italy.
It is located in Palma harbour on the Balearic Island of Majorca.
The Peche Island Rear Range Light was a historic lighthouse "off Peche Island in the entrance to the Detroit River from Lake St.
The Long Island Chapter of Sons of the American Revolution has published a history of the light.
The Bullock's Point Light was a lighthouse in the Providence River.
The lighthouse is located in Emmet County, Michigan, United States, and in U.S. Coast Guard District No.
Barns Ness Lighthouse is located 3.1 miles from Dunbar and was constructed by the engineer David A. Stevenson between 1899 and 1901.
Cape Egmont Lighthouse is a lighthouse at Cape Egmont in the Taranaki Region of the North Island of New Zealand.
The site is now the home of the Stonington Historical Society, which uses the building as The Old Lighthouse Museum.
Bellevue Range Rear Lighthouse is a lighthouse in Delaware, United States, on the mouth of the Christina River on the Delaware River, Wilmington, Delaware
It was built in 1901 or 1902 as a replacement for Point Adams Light.
The light marks the northern limit of the Florida Reef, an underwater coral formation on the lower east coast of the state.
Today 7000 - 8000 ships pass the lighthouse to and from the seaport, Aarhus, the second largest town in Denmark.
The front tower is marked with a standard USCG KRW daymark, with a red stripe between two white stripes.
Both the site and the tower are closed to the public.
The lighthouse has white and red slatted daymarks on the upper half of its structure.
The facility is still closed to the public.
The St. Johns River Light is a decommissioned lighthouse in Jacksonville, Florida, U.S., which formerly marked the mouth of the St. Johns River.
The Tiumpan Head Lighthouse is an active lighthouse located in Tiumpan Head, Isle of Lewis, Outer Hebrides, Scotland.
Hesaki Lighthouse is a lighthouse on the Kiku Peninsula in Moji-ku, Kitakyūshū in Fukuoka Prefecture, Japan.
Once the foundations were secure, the stone structure, including the keeper's quarters and the tower, were built in only nine months.
Ogdensburg Harbor Light is a privately owned lighthouse on the St. Lawrence River, listed on the National Park Service's Maritime Heritage Program as Lighthouse to visit.
After the Viking invasions and the Norman conquest of England, a priory was reestablished.
Cape Borda Lightstation is a lighthouse in the Australian state of South Australia located at Cape Borda on Kangaroo Island.
Saybrook Breakwater Lighthouse is a sparkplug lighthouse in Connecticut, United States, at Fenwick Point at the mouth of the Connecticut River near Old Saybrook, Connecticut.
The light beam flashes white every 20 seconds, with a nominal range of 22 miles.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987 as Scituate Light.
It is a white, octagonal concrete tower with a red lantern 27 metres in height.
The lighthouse is dwarfed by a vast communication tower for the Sri Lanka Navy.
At the entrance to the park property is the South Buffalo North Side Light, formerly located in Buffalo Harbor.
The Gibraltar Aerobeacon built in 1841 is one of several lighthouses in Gibraltar, the British Overseas Territory at the southern end of the Iberian Peninsula.
This is at the southern entrance to the series of bassins that form the harbor.
The lighthouse, a white octagonal brick tower, was designed by James Walker of civil engineers Messrs. Walker, Burgess & Cooper.
The lens focuses a 1,300,000 candlepower signal visible for 25 miles.
The tower also features a private art gallery on six floors with changing exhibits several times a year, and a tea room.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places as Wood Island Light Station on January 21, 1988, reference number 87002274.
A large foghorn alerted ships in fog and in bad visibility.
It is the oldest functioning lighthouse of its type in the United States, completed in 1852.
It was listed in the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
The 34-foot tall octagonal cast iron building is marked in a distinctive red, with a black lantern and white base.
Île-Verte Lighthouse is a lighthouse on Île Verte in Notre-Dame-des-Sept-Douleurs, Quebec, Canada.
Access is by sea or a 1.5 miles muddy footpath from Tobermory along the steep wooded coastline.
Hunstanton lighthouse had the world's first parabolic reflector which was built here in 1776.
Azhikode lighthouse is situated about 8 km west of Kodungallur in Kerala.
The present tower was built in 1855; the well-preserved tower, keeper's house, and associated outbuildings were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
The resort is hilly and the highest point within the parish boundary is at 'Hore Down Gate', 2 miles inland and 860 feet above sea level.
The current light was built in 1977, although the lighthouse station was established 1855.
The Porto Pí Lighthouse is one of the oldest operating lighthouses in the world, and a historic monument.
Point Au Fer Reef Light took over its function.
Anadolu is the Turkish name for Anatolia.
Until 1985 SOK, Søværnets Operative Kommando, the Danish Navy Command, had a monitoring station at the lighthouse, where passing ships where identified.
It was established in 1879, and is listed as a protected cultural site.
The islands of these banks are politically part of the Bahamas.
The island rises 35 metres out of the sea and is exposed to severe climatic conditions year round.
West Dennis Light is a lighthouse in West Dennis, Massachusetts.
The lantern was removed from the rear light before it was sold.
This numbering system was likened to a fire alarm bell stroking out the exact numerical identity of a beleaguered building.
The light replaced the 1837 lighthouse on Turtle Island at the mouth of the Maumee River.
The Orthodox church was converted into an Evangelical Lutheran church during the 1920s.
The inner wall is cylindrical and two bricks thick throughout.
Söderarm is the name of a deactivated Swedish lighthouse station and its surrounding small archipelago in the west part of the sea of Åland.
The light was electrified in 1934, eliminating the need for a keeper.
This project failed, however, because a new lighthouse was deemed too expensive.
The lighthouse is operated by the Tönning water and shipping authority.
The lighthouse marks the western entrance of King Sound.
The Harbor Beach Lighthouse is a "sparkplug lighthouse" located at the end of the north breakwall entrance to the harbor of refuge on Lake Huron.
The adjacent keeper's house was turned into a museum in 1980.
Hendanes Lighthouse is a coastal lighthouse located in Vågsøy Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.
Herzliya Light, also known as Herzliya Marina Light is a lighthouse in Herzliya, Israel.
The lighthouse is square and of concrete construction, standing 16 metres tall.
The lighthouse stands in an isolated location, on a 28 metres high sand dune, which is permanently threatened by the Baltic Sea waves' erosion.
It has a near square shape and was built of massive masonry that was encased by reddish brown bricks.
Vessels from Hong Kong and the ports of China to the northwest first sight the Capones Island light off the southwest coast of Zambales.
These were not the first lighthouses in Seaton Carew as there is evidence of an earlier lighthouse in the 15th century.
Farol da Lapa or Lapa Lighthouse is a lighthouse in Póvoa de Varzim, Portugal, on the seaport of Póvoa de Varzim in Póvoa Bay.
Efforts to save the boat failed, and she was pounded apart on the rocks and sank.
In 1892 the original light was built as a fixed white 6th order station with a 6-mile range light beam.
It was completed in 1940 by the Japanese and was in use until being attacked by U.S. forces in World War II.
The lighthouse has a secondary light also.
The lighthouse was first lit on January 19, 1869.
Plagued by fog, earthquakes, and flooding, it was eventually abandoned and left to deteriorate in favor of a new light at Table Bluff.
It is one of 149 lighthouses in Michigan, more than any other state.
The characteristics of this light are FL G 30s, that is Flashing Green light 4x, then 5x, every 30 seconds.
It is one of two built off Lynde Point in the nineteenth century.
The lighthouse is built between the Pacific Ocean and the Taiwan Strait, facing toward the Luzon Strait.
It is on one of the Huron Islands Wilderness.
The keeper's house now houses the Grindle Point Sailor's Museum and the lighthouse tower is open for tours in the summer.
It is a Grade II listed building.
The tower of the lighthouse was removed in 1966, the top converted into a landing pad for helicopters, and the light automated.
A previous lighthouse in Den Oever was established in 1918.
Federal Point is on the inland side on the southern end of Pleasure Island, which a barrier island.
It stands about 6 kilometres southwest of the northeastern tip of the island.
This was considered one of the most isolated and difficult assignments of all Norwegian light stations.
It is now abandoned but has long continued to be the subject of preservation efforts.
In 1979 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
He is said to have originally been allowed a pension from the Post Office, rather than payment from shipping tolls.
It is located in a nature reserve and birding area.
Sumburgh Head Lighthouse is a lighthouse on Sumburgh Head at the southern tip of the Mainland of Shetland.
It was built in 1878 by D.A.
The Bird Island Preservation Society was formed in 1994 and on July 4, 1997, the light was relit as a Private Aid to Navigation.
It is located at Heceta Head Lighthouse State Scenic Viewpoint midway up a 205-foot-tall headland.
The new lighthouse started functioning in 1979.
It's the first lighthouse built in Puerto Rico.
Europa Lighthouse was inaugurated on 1 August 1841 in a brief ceremony witnessed by about 10,000 people.
The Butt of Lewis features some of the oldest rocks in Europe, having been formed in the Precambrian period up to 3000 million years ago.
In 1939 a sixth-order range lens was installed, showing a fixed white light.
The structure was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1964.
The Muskegon Pier Light or South Pierhead Light is a lighthouse located in the harbor of Muskegon, Michigan.
In 1996 the operation of the lighthouse was converted to an automatic system.
It was moved to Zeughoek in 1930.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Mount Desert Light Station in 1988.
The building was painted brown, and showed a red light from a fifth-order Fresnel lens.
The station served on the important route to Darwin, between the peninsula and Melville Island.
Kīlauea Lighthouse is located on Kīlauea Point on the island of Kauaʻi, Hawaiʻi in the Kīlauea Point National Wildlife Refuge.
The light is visible for 19 kilometres.
The lighthouse is on the National Register of Historic Places, with reference #76001288, as Sodus Point Lighthouse.
The light was modernised in 1966, automated in 1987 and the island designated as a Site of Special Scientific Interest in 1995.
A Grade II listed building, it is no longer functional as a lighthouse and has been used as a private dwelling.
The lighthouse itself continues to be a navigation aid, but is only visible by boat or from the air.
Burry Port harbour was built between 1830 and 1836 to replace the harbour at Pembrey, located 400 yards to the west.
Green Island is a rocky island in the mouth of Fortune Bay, off the Burin Peninsula of Newfoundland.
That light can be seen for up to 12.2 nautical miles only on one side of the lighthouse.
The light is still active aid to navigation.
Together with the Kreac'h lighthouse, they are the 3 most famous lighthouses of the region.
Boon Island Light has the distinction of being the tallest lighthouse in both Maine and New England at 133 feet.
The lighthouse was initially powered by a diesel generator but was converted to mains electricity in 1950.
The current lighthouse is the second on the site, the first having been washed away in a storm after only a few months of use.
It stands close to La Jument lighthouse and the Nividic lighthouse.
Constructed in 1832, it continued to serve the area until 1892, when it was replaced by the Sharkfin Shoal Light.
The keeper's house was threatened by erosion of the cliff and was moved inland in 1890.
Their 3-year sentence was later reduced to 2 years at the Court of Appeal.
Since the end of 2004 it is owned by Ameland, and it was opened for tourists in 2005.
The Haig Point Range Lights were range lights on Calibogue Sound at the northeastern end of Daufuskie Island in Beaufort County, South Carolina.
In 1980, the lighthouse and the cornerstone were listed in the National Register of Historic Places as reference #80000352.
The importance of the lighthouse at the beginning of the 20th century was remarked upon by the United States Hydrographic Office:
The Utö Lighthouse is located on the island of Utö, in Väståboland municipality, Finland.
The lighthouse was established in 1924 and it was automated in 1994.
Historically in County Durham, the town has a population of 75,337, the third largest in Tyneside after Newcastle and Gateshead.
It is located on Ten Pound Island, near the eastern end of the harbor.
The light was reinstated by the United States Coast Guard in 1980.
It provides aid in navigation through the Lynn Canal.
It is represented at Westminster by the Labour MP Alan Campbell.
The construction took more than 500 days to finish, with its completion in January 1881.
The Alappuzha Lighthouse is situated in the coastal town of Alappuzha, Kerala.
The lightsource is placed at a focal plane of 42 metres above sea level.
The original tower, made of bricks, was first lit in 1839.
It is a slightly shorter twin of Storozhenskiy Light.
The existing lighthouse was completed and began service on the 8 October 1958.
The lantern room measures 8.5 feet in diameter.
In 1976, the light was deactivated and replaced by a modern beacon.
The lighthouse is also equipped with a foghorn.
It was constructed in 1872, the sketchings were made by architect John Höjer.
Naissaare Lighthouse - a lighthouse located on the island of Naissaar, Viimsi Parish, in Harju County; in Estonia.
As a result of a 1983 survey, the light was deemed unsafe for servicing personnel and too expensive to repair.
The lighthouse was considered a fire hazard and demolished in 1912.
According to The Lighthouse Directory it is the tallest non-skeletal cast iron lighthouse in the world.
Since 1990, the lighthouse has been operated remotely from the Northern Lighthouse Board headquarters in Edinburgh.
The actual light is 130 feet above Mean High Water.
The first lighthouse at the site was established in 1700, and the present lighthouse was built in 1829.
The building is available for vacation rental during the summer and is leased to artists at other times.
The Ōmazaki Lighthouse illuminates the Tsugaru Strait at the entrance to Mutsu Bay.
It is one of the earliest concrete lighthouses.
In 2009 what was left of the lens was acquired by the Old Baldy Foundation and returned to Bald Head island for restoration.
The main navigation lamp has a range of 24 nautical miles.
The Phare de Sainte Marie is an inactive lighthouse built to mark the harbor of Marseille, France.
Tourists can reach this island with the help of motor boats, which are available from Karwar Port.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976 and underwent restoration in 1980.
The deterioration of the unoccupied lighthouse started and would continue for almost two decades.
The lighthouse has a height of 32 metres, a focal height of 34 metres and emits one white flash every 5 seconds 5s).
Port Sanilac Light is a United States Coast Guard lighthouse located on Point Sanilac, near Port Sanilac on the eastern side of Michigan's Thumb.
There is a small artificial island in the center of the reef, which hosts a lighthouse constructed in 1863 and rebuilt in 1931.
It was built in 1875 by Thomas Ormiston at the cost of Rs.
The Den Oever Lighthouse is a cast iron lighthouse located in Den Oever, the Netherlands, on the Wadden Sea.
From 1985 to 1990 a wind generator was used as a power source for the light, today the electricity is generated by solar panels.
A day mark beacon must have been there in 18th century.
The lighthouse stands on Barbers Point outside of Kalaeloa on the southwest tip of the island.
It is one of the earliest California lighthouses and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The lighthouse includes a symmetrical single-floor building, and a 23 metres) high cylindrical tower that extends its lamp to 71 metres above the ocean surface.
It was inaugurated on 1 August 1979.
Dice Head Light is a lighthouse in the town of Castine, Maine.
Isle au Haut Light, also called Robinson Point Light, is a lighthouse located at Robinson Point in Isle au Haut, Maine.
The Cedar Key lighthouse is the oldest standing lighthouse on the west coast of Florida.
Needham's Point lighthouse is one of four still existent historic lighthouses in Barbados.
The Tanga Entrance Lighthouse is located in Tanga Region in northeastern Tanzania.
The third and current conical brick tower stands 36 feet tall.
Escape Island is an island near Jurien Bay in Western Australia.
They clashed together randomly, destroying any ship who passed between them.
Falsterbo Lighthouse lies near the site of the oldest known beacon in Scandinavia.
South Point Lighthouse is a lighthouse located in the south of Barbados.
The island of Skorpa is located about 11 kilometres to the east.
It is one of four lighthouses in the country to have retained its bird-cage lantern.
Attached to the lighthouse is a Norman gothic keepers quarters.
North Foreland is a chalk headland on the Kent coast of southeast England.
The Punta Orchilla Lighthouse is an active lighthouse on the Canary island of El Hierro in the municipality of El Pinar.
It is 43 m in height and became operational in October 1902.
The light source was changed on 30 April 2003.
It was first lit on 29 March 1911 and rebuilt in 1970 and is located on the highest point of the island.
The size of the island mandated a rather compact circular pattern of structures.
The tower is constructed of Cream City Brick.
In 1915, the two lighthouses were converted to electricity.
The light sits at an elevation of 47 metres and it emits two white flashes every 45 seconds.
On October 7, 1995, restoration was complete, and the light was activated for the first time in 70 years.
It is located in the village of Miķeļtornis, Tārgale parish, Ventspils Municipality; about 34 kilometres northeast of Ventspils.
It is located near the southernmost point of mainland Alaska.
The lights were inactive between 1969 and 1993 and were re-established when the High Lighthouse lights were permanently discontinued.
Visitors are allowed between 1500 hours and 1630 hours on every weekday at an admission fee of ten rupees.
Crowdy Head Light is an active lighthouse located at Crowdy Head, a headland between Forster and Port Macquarie, New South Wales, Australia.
Bjørnøy Lighthouse is a lighthouse in the municipality of Bodø in Nordland county, Norway.
Obrestad Lighthouse is a coastal lighthouse located on the north side of the small farming village of Obrestad in Hå municipality, Rogaland county, Norway.
The keeper's house is now sold as a private residence, but The Swedish Maritime Administration still owns and maintains the lighthouse.
It can be observed visually as a "red concrete cubicle".
The light has run on wind power since 1986.
The Capul Island Lighthouse together with the Batag Island Lighthouse were declared provincial historical landmarks by the province of Northern Samar in October 2008.
The site is open, but the tower is closed to the public.
The light was automated in 1988 and is now operated remotely by the Northern Lighthouse Board from Edinburgh.
It marks the southern point of the Langesund sound.
It is located at Galbokka Point south of the Port of Colombo on the waterfront along the marine drive, in Colombo fort.
The lighthouse was established in 1862, rebuilt in 1952, and replaced with an electric lamp in 1984.
Flatflesa Lighthouse is a coastal lighthouse located in Sandøy Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
Ardnamurchan Lighthouse is a listed 19th century lighthouse, located on Ardnamurchan Point in Lochaber part of the Highland council area of Scotland.
It sits on a tiny islet just off the northern coast of the island of Ingøya.
The tower was replaced in 1934 by a square pyramidal skeletal steel tower, which was in turn replaced by the current post light.
The lighthouse is square-shaped and made of red brick, standing one-and-a-half stories high.
The light is located between Hudson and Athens, closer to the Hudson side.
It became the first private group in the country to successfully take over and restore an offshore lighthouse.
Its light is characterised by a group of four flashes that occurs every sixteen seconds.
Only the lightkeeper was present; there was a small boat to reach the mainland, where the keeper's family lived.
It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 31 August 2001.
Punta Higuero Light, also known as Faro de Punta Higuero, is an historic lighthouse located in Rincón, Puerto Rico.
Destroyed in an explosion, it was replaced by a skeleton tower on the same foundation.
Work on the lighthouse commenced on 30 April 1895.
The Yaquina Head Light, also known early in its existence as the Cape Foulweather Lighthouse, is a lighthouse on the Oregon Coast of the United States.
The lighthouse was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
The stone proved resilient during the Second World War, when the lighthouse was machine-gunned yet sustained no damage.
Grønningen Lighthouse is a coastal lighthouse in the municipality of Kristiansand in Vest-Agder county, Norway.
The 30 metres tower was completed in 1792.
It can be seen for up to 17.4 nautical miles in all directions.
The current round stone tower was added in 1820.
The tower was first lit in 1838 but had to be torn down because of physical defects.
Kaavi Lighthouse - a lighthouse located in Sõrve Peninsula, in the village of Kaavi, Torgu Parish, in the island of Saaremaa; in Estonia.
Sodus Point Light is a lighthouse that was built on Sodus Point on Lake Ontario, New York.
Lazaretto Cairn Lighthouse guides vessels westward on their approach to Kingston Harbour.
The Cove Point Light is a lighthouse located on the west side of the Chesapeake Bay in Calvert County, Maryland, United States.
In 1867 the United States Corps of Engineers dredged the Saginaw River to enable passage by larger ships upriver.
Today, Eluanbi Lighthouse is called "The Light of East Asia", because its intensity is the most powerful among Taiwan lighthouses.
In 1882 a paraffin lamp replaced the old one, and in 1953 it was electrified.
The present lighthouse sits on top of a 12-metre tall white concrete tower with a red top.
It is located at the end of Point Prim Road, also known as Route 209.
It measures 19.5 metres by 4 metres.
The lighthouse is whitewashed, 32 meters high.
The lighthouse is located in between the Darłowo, and the lighthouse in Ustka.
The 6-metre tall tower has a light on top that emits a white, red or green light, depending on direction, occulting once every 6 seconds.
The site is not accessible to the public.
Wilsons Promontory Lighthouse is situated on South East Point, Wilsons Promontory, Victoria, Australia.
It is located in the Mevo'ot Yam nautical school, on the north side of the harbor of Mikhmoret.
Sombrero Key Light is located near Key Vaca in Marathon, Florida.
The lighthouse features a small museum and giftshop.
Point Conception Light is a lighthouse on Point Conception at the west entrance of the Santa Barbara Channel, California.
It is the fourth lighthouse built at the mouth of the St. Johns since 1830.
There has been a navigational aid in this vicinity since 1791 and a lighthouse near the present site since 1818.
The light was deactivated some time between then and 1971, when the wooden structure burned.
The keepers house was demolished following the 1974 decommission but was rebuilt from 2010 to 2014, along with the wharf, and the lighthouse restored.
On display are themes related to historical and current navigational equipment and principles, marine life, and the geology of the Sletterhage area.
East Brother Island Lighthouse is a lighthouse located on East Brother Island in San Rafael Bay, near the tip of Point San Pablo in Richmond, California.
Little Cumbrae is an island in the Firth of Clyde, in North Ayrshire, Scotland.
It was designed by David and Charles Stevenson and constructed by Oban contractor Messrs D & J MacDougall.
The original front light was built at Fort Sumter and the original rear light was in the steeple of St. Philip's Church in Charleston, South Carolina.
It is currently active and not open to the public.
Ediz Hook Lighthouse was a lighthouse in Port Angeles, Washington, United States.
Cape Melville Lighthouse is a historic lighthouse located in the island of Balabac, the southernmost point of the province of Palawan in the Philippines.
The lighthouse was severely neglected, and was in danger of being washed away due to erosion.
In 1992, the lighthouse was restored in celebration of the 500th anniversary of Christopher Columbus's first voyage to America.
Miscou Island Lighthouse is an 11-metre-tall landfall lighthouse located on the North-Eastern tip of Miscou Island, at the entrance of the Chaleur Bay.
The main light at the top sits at an elevation of 37 metres above sea level which emits two white flashes every 20 seconds.
The light was decommissioned in 1899 after the channel was sufficiently marked with buoys.
The light sits atop a 8-metre tall concrete tower.
It is administered as part of the borough of North Tyneside, but until 1974 was an independent county borough, including North Shields, in its own right.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1970, reference #70000146.
Tsurishima Lighthouse is a lighthouse on the island of Tsurushima, which is administered by Matsuyama, Ehime, Japan.
It has been moved to the Town Highway Department on New York State Route 12E.
The lighthouse is also open through September and October with reduced hours.
Artur Toom ended his service of lighthouse keeper in 1941.
Hyskeir and its lighthouse feature extensively in Peter Hill's book Stargazing: Memoirs of a Young Lighthouse Keeper.
The second Odderøya Lighthouse is listed and protected by law by the Norwegian Directorate for Cultural Heritage.
It acts as a warning light for shipping passing along the east coast and is the most easterly lighthouse in the UK.
It is the most western point of land on the island of Newfoundland.
It is the highest light on Poland's coast.
The white light flashes once every 30 seconds.
The old lighthouse keepers' cottages are now being let out to tourists as self-catering holiday establishments.
Currie Lighthouse was built following agitation by Archibald Currie and others for a lighthouse at Currie Harbour, Currie, Tasmania in 1879.
Dungeness Lighthouse is the fifth lighthouse at Dungeness.
The North Mole Lighthouse began operation in 1906 at entrance to Fremantle Harbour.
The land upon which the lighthouse stands is a part of a 600-acre grant of land to Captain John Tibbetts of Troy, New York.
It was constructed by Trinity House in 1913 and comprises a white, octagonal tower rising from flat-roofed service rooms and cottages, all built of stone.
The station was established to warn ships of the dangerous shallow reefs in that part of the strait.
The Harbour Town Lighthouse is a lighthouse at the Harbour Town Marina at Hilton Head Island, South Carolina.
The tower is 8.6 metres tall with a focal height of 10 m above mean high water.
Whitby Lighthouse is a lighthouse operated by Trinity House.
At the same time, the fog signal was removed: it had long been criticized by mariners as being inaudible over waves crashing on shore.
It is also notable for two relocations: the tower was constructed in 1873 on the Ulladulla Breakwater, and relocated in 1889 to its current location.
Brielle received city rights in 1306, developed the harbour during this time up until the fiefdom was added to Holland in 1371.
Horton Point Light is a lighthouse on the north side of Eastern Long Island, New York near Southold.
Geitungen Lighthouse is a coastal lighthouse in the municipality of Karmøy in Rogaland county, Norway.
The lighthouse is located in the Svesfjorden on the small island Sønnaholmen about 2 kilometres northwest of Seter.
The tower was destroyed between 1917-1922 to avoid confusion in daylight.
As completed, the whitewashed octagonal brick structure stood 30 metres high, and had a first-order Fresnel lens, with a kerosene light source.
The new lighthouse was completed in 1855.
The tower and grounds are owned by the St. Augustine Lighthouse & Maritime Museum, Inc., a not-for-profit maritime museum and private aid-to-navigation.
Sunken Rock Light is a lighthouse in Bush Island, New York.
Djursten is a Swedish lighthouse located at Västerbyn on the west side of the island of Gräsö in the northern Roslagens archipelago.
The lighthouse was first lit around 1800 and was decommissioned in 1936.
The lighthouse was built in 1907, built out of brick with a gallery and a one-story hexagonal stone base.
The lighthouse was built in 1785, probably by Russian prisoners of war.
The light shows three white flashes in a two-one pattern every fifteen seconds.
Built in 1890, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places as Goose Rocks Light Station on January 21, 1988.
Built in 1870, it is the second major lighthouse to be built in Queensland after its formation in 1859.
The tower is 13 m tall with a range for the white light of 10 nautical miles and the Red 7 nmi.
From the tower, weather reports are issued for the coastal waters.
It was first established in 1835, and the present structure was built in 1896.
Tungenes Lighthouse is a coastal lighthouse located in the municipality of Randaberg in Rogaland county, Norway.
The station was established in 1889 by the Spanish government.
As a result, Unst became his inspiration for the map of 'Treasure Island'.
The District of West Vancouver maintains and operates the park and permits visitors from 7:00am–10:00pm.
The Finnish side of the island is part of the Municipality of Hammarland.
The extensive beach by the village was awarded the Blue Flag rural beach award in 2005.
It is situated in the Cabrillo National Monument.
The lighthouse was built in 1956, located next to Daugava River.
The station was then converted to solar power on the 20 September 2000.
The lighthouse is located on a small island in the Vestfjorden about 4 kilometres southwest of Kabelvåg and about 10 kilometres straight west of Skrova Lighthouse.
It is maintained by the Port Authority of Jamaica, an agency of the Ministry of Transport and Works.
The lighthouse is today a travel destination, reached only by boat.
Its extensive iconography was warehoused by the city of Helsinki, but their current whereabouts are unknown.
Point Lookout Light is an active lighthouse on Point Lookout, a headland on North Stradbroke Island, Queensland, Australia.
The Peshtigo Reef Light is a lighthouse in Marinette County, Wisconsin, United States, offshore in lower Green Bay.
The light sits at an elevation of 46.5 metres above sea level, sitting atop a 32.9-metre tall tower.
Constructed by the British during the 1860s, the lighthouse became functional from 25 March 1864.
The Cat Island Light was a lighthouse off the coast of Mississippi.
It is one of the most famous and visited lighthouses in the country.
Winter Harbor Light is a lighthouse in Winter Harbor, Maine.
It is a white cylindrical tower with an attached keeper's residence.
For 67 years the light served to warn mariners about the shoals off the point.
The first light was commissioned here in 1887.
In 1938, work began on a pier for the new light in 19 feet of water, about 2 miles northwest of Mission Point.
There is a project by the Directorate General of Lighthouses and Lightships to upgrade the lighthouse.
Neist Point Lighthouse, designed by David Alan Stevenson, was first lit on 1 November 1909.
This lighthouse is also illuminated during Navy Day celebrations which happen during the first week of December every year.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975 as reference #75000063.
Muckle Flugga lighthouse punctuates the rocky stack of Muckle Flugga, in Shetland, Scotland.
Jomfruland Lighthouse is a coastal lighthouse located on the island of Jomfruland in Kragerø, Norway.
Assateague Light is the 142-foot-tall lighthouse located on the southern end of Assateague Island off the coast of the Virginia Eastern Shore, United States.
The present light source is a 25,000 candlepower lamp rotated electrically and controlled by an automatic time clock.
Its 1,000 and 400 watt bulbs are surrounded by a rotating shield, resulting in four seconds of light, and then four seconds of darkness.
It is the last lighthouse of the James Barnet style to be built, and the last staffed lighthouse constructed in New South Wales.
The lighthouse is listed as active on the NGA List of Lights of 2009, as well as on the July 2009 update of The Lighthouse Directory.
Meloria is a rocky skerry, surrounded by a shoal, off the Tuscan coast, in the Ligurian sea, 6.1 kilometres north-west of Livorno.
The lighthouse is built on a small peninsula southeast of Sørland.
An image of the lighthouse is included in the Coat of Arms of the City of Newcastle.
In 2003, the Puerto Rican government rehabilitated it at a cost of two million dollars.
The Fort Ripley Shoal Light or Middle Ground Light was a lighthouse in the Charleston, South Carolina harbor approaches.
It is similar to the reinforced Devils Island Lighthouse.
A further hazard to shipping is an island group known collectively as The Five Islands lying a short distance off the coast.
The first lighthouse at Cape Charles was a 55-foot masonry tower completed in 1828.
It was built in 1871 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
The Algoma Light or Algoma Pierhead Light is a lighthouse located near Algoma in Kewaunee County, Wisconsin.
The building suffered fire damage after the light was automated in 1933 and was later razed.
Built in 1995, this active lighthouse has a focal plane of 289 feet.
Within a few months the lighthouse had settled more than a foot on one side.
It sits along the Barents Sea approximately 3 kilometres north of the village of Gamvik on the northern coast of the Nordkinn Peninsula.
Its pattern of black and white bands is impregnated into the concrete.
It was built in 1872, and is a well-preserved 19th-century light station.
The brothers Thomas and David Stevenson designed and built the lighthouse in 1854, originally to protect ships during the Crimean War.
In 1983 it was moved to the Queensland Maritime Museum in Brisbane.
Skongenes Lighthouse is a coastal lighthouse located in Vågsøy Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.
The present lighthouse ceased operations in 1922, since when it has been a private residence and a Holiday Let.
Culebrita Lighthouse is the only remaining Spanish-era structure in the Culebra archipelago.
The lighthouse was erected in response to a series of shipping disasters in the area, which included the loss of the City of York in 1899.
Tacking Point Lighthouse is Australia's thirteenth oldest lighthouse.
Pointe-au-Père has since been amalgamated into the larger city of Rimouski.
It is located in the town of Gosnold, Massachusetts.
The site of the tower is accessible only by boat.
Acting on behalf of the Corporation for Preserving and Improving the Port of Dublin.
Creal Reef Light is an active lighthouse located at Creal Reef, a planar reef about 150 kilometres east of Mackay, Queensland, Australia.
This is one of very few lights on the Great Lakes which still has the iron walkway atop the pier.
As a result, this is the best known and most visited lighthouse of Norway's Arctic region.
Portland Bill Lighthouse is a functioning lighthouse at Portland Bill, on the Isle of Portland, Dorset, England.
The Wollongong Harbour is home to private vessels and the local fishing fleet in the inner Belmore Basin.
It was listed in the National Register on August 8, 1983.
It stands on Carn Bras, the highest of the Longships islets which rises 39 feet above high water level.
The lighthouse was manned during the seasons of Great Lakes navigation from 1832 until automation in 1983, more than 150 years.
It was also known as "Fairhaven Bridge Range Light".
Drum Point Light is one of three surviving Chesapeake Bay screw-pile lighthouses.
It stands on the North Sea coast close to Ness Point, the most easterly point in the United Kingdom.
It is a third-order lighthouse, which originally began operating in 1772.
United States, on the reef at main entrance to New Haven Harbor.
The tower is designed in the form of a Doric column.
It is on the shortest route between the east coast of the United States and the Panama Canal.
It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The beacon was built between 1873-1874 during the modernisation of the ship route into the Port of Świnoujście.
The tower is open to the public.
The present structure was built in 1851.
Satamisaki Lighthouse is a lighthouse on Cape Sata on the Ōsumi Peninsula, in the town of Minamiōsumi, Kagoshima, Japan.
It was designed and built by Colonel Orlando Metcalfe Poe and Major Godfrey Weitzel, and was the most expensive lighthouse ever built on the Great Lakes.
Tourism started in Whitby during the Georgian period and developed further on the arrival of the railway in 1839.
It is located on a small skerry southwest of the island of Skrova which is in the Vestfjorden south of Austvågøya.
The park offers views of the Bay of Fundy and the Digby Gut.
It is visible from the coastal cities of Seaside, Cannon Beach, as well as from Ecola State Park.
The Sturgeon Point Light Station is a lighthouse on Lake Huron in Haynes Township, Alcona County, northeastern lower Michigan.
Hilbre Island Lighthouse is located on Hilbre Island acting as a port landmark for the Hilbre swash in the River Dee estuary.
In 1948 a steel trestle was with a gas flasher was installed.
In 1814 the lighthouse collapsed and was replaced by a temporary wooden tower.
The construction of the tower was completed in 1966.
Långe Jan is a Swedish lighthouse located at the south cape of Öland in the Baltic Sea, Sweden's second largest island.
Goat Island Light can be seen from shore in Cape Porpoise Harbor just off State Route 9 north of Kennebunkport or is viewable by boat.
Pakefield Lighthouse is a decommissioned 19th century lighthouse which was built near Pakefield a suburb of Lowestoft in Suffolk.
It is currently maintained by the Japan Coast Guard.
The light was demanned and fully automated in 1986.
A Standing Stone once stood on the highest point of the island.
The lighthouse's glare configuration flashes three glares every 15 seconds.
An electric light was installed in 1986.
It is notably the first photovoltaically powered lighthouse in the world and was instrumental in demonstrating the viability of photovoltaics in 1966.
Sveti Andrija is an island in the Croatian part of the Adriatic Sea.
The round, red, cast iron tower stands 14.3 metres tall on a hill on the island.
The Fleetwood terminal loop of the Blackpool tramway runs past the foot of the lighthouse.
On Sunday 8 May 2011, the river trader "Zhong Fu Fa Zhan" grounded on the rock.
In 2013 a joint effort by the Cape Ann Museum and the Thacher Island Association brought the lens back to Cape Ann.
Along with the nearby lifeboat station, it is the most photographed landmark in the village.
The lighthouse is believed to be the oldest in the country, its history allegedly dating back to Portuguese rule of Malacca during the 16th century.
The lighthouse is currently being used as an art studio and gallery as its name now conveys; Kenosha Lighthouse Studio.
One of Maine's oldest lighthouses, it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Saddleback Ledge Light Station on March 14, 1988.
The lighthouse was originally built in Vormsi, however it was moved to Vaindloo in 1871, when the old beacon had collapsed.
The lighthouse was built in 1875 of hand-carved stone.
Some time later the Coast Guard built a communication tower on the site and moved the light to the height of 75 feet on that tower.
The light is emitted at an elevation of 22.3 metres above the sea level.
The lighthouse steadily deteriorated and had to be demolished in 1943.
It is known for its association with ghost stories and has been the subject of paranormal investigations.
Duxbury Pier lighthouse also called Duxbury Light is a lighthouse located in Plymouth Harbor, Massachusetts.
The building was only one and one half stories tall.
Designed by James Walker, it cost £20,000.
Whales come to give birth in the area and rest and play among the sheltered islands off the Dampier Peninsula.
It is situated on Pedra Branca island.
Although there has been a lighthouse on this location since 1857, the current light was converted from a fog bell tower in 1901.
Māhukona is a former settlement on the island of Hawaiʻi.
The lighthouse was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Lubec Channel Light Station on March 14, 1988.
This was replaced in 1798 by two lights atop a keeper's house, one at each end.
In 1874 a building was built which contained a steam fog whistle that had blasts of 5 seconds that were separated by 25 seconds of silence.
Bøkfjord Lighthouse is a coastal lighthouse located at the mouth of Bøkfjorden in Finnmark county, Norway.
On the other side of the world, the Roches-Douvres Light in the English Channel is the twin brother of the Amédée lighthouse.
In 2010 a local community group built a historically accurate replica of the lighthouse near the original site on the east side of Oak Orchard Creek.
The foundation is made out of dressed stone and the lighthouse is made out of rubblestone encased in brick.
It is maintained by the Port Authority of Jamaica, an agency of the Ministry of Transport and Works.
It sits in the Edøyfjorden on the islet of Ringholmen, east of the island of Edøya, off the southeast coast of the main island of Smøla.
The current lightkeeper, Sergey Shulyatev, has had this position since 1987 and as of 2010 is the oldest lighthouse keeper in Russia.
Both were replaced by lights on posts.
The Oyster Rock lighthouse is located in Karwar, Karnataka, India, on one of the islands located close to Karwar, Oyster Rock.
Together with Adziogol Lighthouse, located 6.49 kilometres 109° from it, it serves guiding ships entering the Dnieper River.
Kiipsaare Lighthouse is located on the tip of Harilaid Peninsula in Saaremaa, Estonia in the territory of Vilsandi National Park.
Cape Mendocino Light was a navigation light at Cape Mendocino, California.
It has been called "Britain's most famous inhabited lighthouse" because of its striking location and use in film and television.
Black Rock Lighthouse is listed as a contributing property for Bridgeport's Seaside Park historic district.
In 1975, the Charlevoix Public Schools purchased the site for $1.00.
It is located on the grounds of Fort Niagara.
The height of the tower is 159 feet and the light shines out at this height.
The area is the nearest point of land to where the RMS Lusitania was sunk in 1915.
Orient Point Light is a sparkplug lighthouse off Orient Point, New York.
The 1871 keeper's house survived to 1976, when it was destroyed by fire; the Coast Guard repaired and automated the lighthouse two years later.
It is the second lighthouse to be built at Punta Pechiguera, which is at the south-western end of the island.
It consists of a concrete base, aluminium light room and a GRP roof.
The lighthouse is believed to have been destroyed in 1996/97 during the Sri Lankan Civil War.
In 1976 West Chop Light became the last Martha's Vineyard lighthouse to be automated, but the original Fresnel lens is still in operation.
Dubh Artach is the official name of the lighthouse, although the skerry itself is also known as Dhu Heartach.
It is across from the Anadolu Feneri lighthouse, which is on the Asian side of the strait at a distance of 2 nmi.
Originally, it was one of a pair of towers aligned north-south and known as the twin lights of Whitby North and Whitby South.
A third lighthouse was therefore built in 1880.
Diamond Head Lighthouse is a United States Coast Guard facility located on Diamond Head in Honolulu, on the island of Oʻahu in the State of Hawaiʻi.
The Punta Nati Lighthouse is an active lighthouse on the Spanish island of Menorca.
It was eventually superseded by an iron tower on the same foundation.
The lighthouse was designed in 1839 by Decimus Burton and Capt H.M. Denham.
The Fairway Island Lighthouse is a lighthouse located on the eastern entrance to Peril Strait, Alaska.
The Lighthouse of Genoa, is the main lighthouse for the city's port.
The original Point Arguello lighthouse, built in 1901, had a white square cylindrical tower attached to a one story keeper's house.
It is the oldest surviving lighthouse in Michigan.
It was the last lighthouse to be constructed on the Chesapeake.
The beacon acts as a signal for vessels entering the Port of Świnoujście, from the Baltic Sea.
The original lighthouse consisted of a 30-foot octagonal wooden tower built in 1805 by Abisha Woodward.
Alcatraz Island Lighthouse is a lighthouse – the first one built on the U.S. West Coast – located on Alcatraz Island in California's San Francisco Bay.
The lighthouse has a height of 20 metres and is 49 metres above the high-water mark, and has a white light that occults every ten seconds.
It was relocated to the Burnett Heads Lighthouse Holiday Park.
The keeper's house is preserved and serves today as a guest house.
Asenvågøy Lighthouse is a lighthouse in the municipality of Bjugn in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.
It was established in 1898, fifteen years after the founding of the Bath Iron Works, a major shipbuilder, 1.5 miles upriver.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places as the Straitsmouth Island Light, reference number 87001487, on June 15, 1987.
The Tibbetts Point Lighthouse is on the Great Lakes Seaway Trail.
At a height of 213 feet it is the fourteenth tallest "traditional lighthouse" in the world and the tallest in Germany.
Dog Island Lighthouse is one of the most distinct lighthouses in New Zealand, with only two others having stripes painted on it for better daytime-conspicuity.
It is owned and operated by Maritime New Zealand.
The Kya lighthouse is a lighthouse in the municipality of Osen in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.
When approaching Magellan Strait it is of the utmost importance that Los Evangelistas be sighted.
The lighthouse on the St. Helena Island's southeastern point was built in 1872-1873 and went into operation in September 1873.
The light-keeper's house remains standing a few hundred feet to the north.
Point Clark Lighthouse is located on in a beach community, Point Clark, Ontario, near a point that protrudes into Lake Huron.
Georgetown Light on North Island at the entrance to Winyah Bay southeast of Georgetown, South Carolina, is an active light.
40 feet to provide mooring space, landing platform.
Their purpose was to show fixed lights over Whitby Rock.
The light characteristic shown is one white flash every 5 seconds visible for 20 nautical miles.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
The 30,800 candela light emits white, red, or green light occulting three times every 10 seconds.
The original lens is a third order Fresnel lens installed in 1857 and is still in operation.
Ragged Point is a village in Saint Philip Parish in Barbados.
The structure is an iron pile skeleton with a platform.
While remaining in operation as of 2008, the building is now supplemented with a second, newer concrete tower that operates advanced equipment for shipping communications.
The light was built several miles to the east of its present location in 1876-1877, and was moved in 1906.
However, seagulls have long since displaced the crows from their coastal nesting sites.
Castle Pinckney was a c. 1810 U.S. coastal fortification, which was built upon the site of Fort Pinckney, a 1797 fort destroyed during an 1804 hurricane.
Shinnecock Light was and is an important lighthouse on the south side of Long Island, New York.
It is registered with the Register of the National Estate.
It was established in 1895, and was automated and depopulated in 1973.
In 1800 a chapel was built for the fishermen and it survives to this day.
The light was automated in 1994 and is controlled by a 475MHz radio link to Trinity House managed by Vodafone.
Europa Point Lighthouse is operated by Trinity House.
It is operated by the Gibraltar Port Authority.
It has been relit since 2007 for historical rather than navigational purposes.
It was demolished when shore erosion threatened to topple it.
This lighthouse was a featured clue box destination for teams to find on the fourth season of the popular reality television show, The Amazing Race.
The first order lens is now on display at the Cape Ann Museum in Gloucester, Massachusetts.
It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places, on June 15, 1987 as number #87001479 under Lighthouses of Massachusetts Thematic Group.
It stands on the western shore of Hohwacht Bay about 1 kilometre north of the village of Behrensdorf.
It has a range of 23 nautical miles and was automated in 1988.
The Lorain West Breakwater Light, also called the Lorain Harbor Light, is a lighthouse in Lorain, Ohio.
The area had a population of 458 in 2010.
The occulting light on the top of the tower can be seen for up to 16 nautical miles.
Jonathan Scranton, Volney Pierce, and John Wilcox were contracted to build the new 65-foot octagonal brownstone tower.
The lighthouse is a Rijksmonument since 1982.
At 6 metres from the ground to the lantern floor, it is the shortest of Queensland's timber framed iron clad lighthouses.
The tower was built in 1845 as a round brick tower attached to a keeper's house.
It was taken out of service in 1965 when it was replaced by an automated lighttower on a nearby breakwater.
It constitutes the civil parish of Holy Island in Northumberland.
The light on top sits at an elevation of 11.7 metres above sea level.
In May 2007, this aid to navigation was deemed excess by the Coast Guard.
The Rotes Kliff lighthouse on the island of Sylt, Germany, served as a sector light from 1913 to 1975.
Holmengrå Lighthouse is a coastal lighthouse located in the municipality of Fedje in Hordaland county, Norway.
Rumeli Feneri is open to public visit as a historical site.
Kovilthottam lighthouse is situated at Kovilthottam in Kollam district of Kerala.
The light station was established in 1850, and the present tower and keeper's house were built in 1874.
The house was destroyed by the 1906 Mississippi hurricane but was rebuilt; it was deactivated in 1937 and abandoned.
It serves as the rear range light for two different ranges.
The lighthouse was built using pneumatic caisson engineering.
Homlungen Lighthouse is a fully automated leading lighthouse situated on a skerry in the archipelago municipality of Hvaler, Norway.
The light characteristic shown is three white flashes, one every two seconds, repeating every 15 secondsW.
Pond Island Light is a lighthouse at the mouth of the Kennebec River, Maine.
It is located on Ling Hill, on the coast to the south-east of Whitby, beyond Saltwick Bay.
The Cherrystone Bar Light was a lighthouse located at the entrance to Cape Charles, Virginia harbor in the Chesapeake Bay.
At 53 m above ground and a light stand at 58 m above sea level it is one of the tallest lighthouses in the Netherlands.
It included a three story dwelling, a veranda with boat davits, and a circular parapet.
On December 5, 1932, first assistant lighthouse keeper, Devaney F. Jennette, died of a heart attack while in the watch room.
Rondout Light is a lighthouse on the west side of the Hudson River at Kingston, New York.
It was relocated in 1992 to the Townsville Maritime Museum, where it is now displayed.
It is only a 15-foot steel tower, but located up on the hill, it is 107 feet above the lake level.
It was first lit on September 1, 1903, and originally equipped with a 6th-order Fresnel lens.
A Fresnel lens is still in use.
It sits on the western side of the island of Utsira in the municipality of Utsira.
In the First World War its light was extinguished in order that enemy ships could not navigate the route.
Bois Blanc Light can refer to one of five lighthouses erected on Bois Blanc Island, Michigan, in Lake Huron.
The lighthouse deteriorated after the light was automated in 1926, and was demolished in 1953.
A storm in 2013 made the road down to the end of Spurn impassable to vehicles at high tide.
Both shifting sands and coastal erosion are a serious problem in the area.
The lighthouse has a focal plane at 137 feet above mean high water.
It was also added to the Library of Congress Historic American Buildings Survey as survey HABS WI-358.
From L’Anse au Loup they were brought to the sight where the lighthouse was constructed, four miles away.
The 3rd order Fresnel lens is the only 3rd order and one of only eight Fresnel lenses still in use on the Maine Coast.
Barbara Mabrity survived, but fourteen people who had sought refuge in the lighthouse tower died, including seven members of her family.
The shape of the tower is rarely seen in Norway and the lighthouse is largely preserved as it was built.
It has a white revolving light, giving two flashes in quick succession every 15 seconds.
Longships Lighthouse is a navigation aid about 1.25 mi off the coast of Lands End in Cornwall, England, UK.
Fjøløy Lighthouse is a coastal lighthouse in the municipality of Rennesøy in Rogaland county, Norway.
The Twin Lights State Historic Site is part of the New Jersey Coastal Heritage Trail Route.
The current light sits atop a 10.5-metre tall concrete tower.
Currently the lighthouse is open to the public, with its one hundred and twenty six steps reaching up to the viewing gallery.
The Batag lighthouse together with the Capul Island Lighthouse were declared provincial historical landmarks by the province of Northern Samar in October 2008.
In 1930, the lighthouse ceased operation when a steel tower with an automated light was built to the south of the lighthouse, rendering the lighthouse obsolete.
It is officially listed as the last lighthouse built in the state; the only other claimant is the replica Mystic Seaport Light.
Sand Hills is a formerly active lighthouse on the shore of Lake Superior converted into a bed and breakfast.
It was listed as a protected site in 1999.
Its brick walls are several feet thick at the bottom, tapering to about two feet thick at the top.
Pali-Aike National Park lies 18 km north of the town.
The light's main purpose was to guide vessels coming into the Raritan Bay.
It is issued from a pair of 300 mm Tideland Signal ML300 acrylic optics mounted on the gallery railing.
It is located on the small island of Kalsholmen, about 15 kilometres west of Støtt and 12 kilometres northwest of Bolga.
The Fresnel lens with 500 mm focal length allows the white light that group flashes every 12 seconds, a range of 18 nmi.
Kvitholmen Lighthouse is a coastal lighthouse located in Eide Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
As of 2014, a 26-foot skeleton tower serves as an active daymark and it has a green flash every 4 seconds.
It is the southernmost lighthouse in Norway.
It was the last major lighthouse to be constructed on French territory, and takes its name from that of a place just down the coast.
It was designed by George Meade and still retains its original first-order fixed Fresnel lens.
It is located in Ahmeek in Keweenaw County Michigan in the Keweenaw Peninsula, which is the northern part of the Upper Peninsula.
This lighthouse, along with the Baileys Harbor Range Lights, was built to replace the Baileys Harbor Lighthouse in 1869, and was first lit in 1870.
At the beginning of the American Civil War Confederate sympathizers extinguished the light.
It is a skeletal white tower with black trim.
Pigeon Point Light Station is located on the coastal highway, 5 miles south of Pescadero, California, between Santa Cruz and San Francisco.
The light illuminates the Narrows, the entrance to the harbor.
It was moved in 1882 and again in 1940.
The restored lighthouse is now open to the public during the summer months.
As a navigational aid, it marks the southwest edge of the entrance to Provincetown Harbor.
The light sits atop a 40-metre tall red round cast iron tower.
The oil shed from the lights remains today.
Until recently, the light used a second-order Fresnel lens.
Ogami Lighthouse is a lighthouse located on Ogami Island off the coast of Nagasaki Prefecture in southern Japan.
The structure is a steel skeletal tower with two flashing white strobe lights located on top.
Monhegan Island Light is a lighthouse on Monhegan Island, Maine.
It should not be confused with the nearby Tibbetts Point Light, an active lighthouse also in Cape Vincent.
Vizhinjam lighthouse is situated near Kovalam beach in Kerala.
It is the sibling of Robertson Point Light.
Świnoujście Lighthouse, also known as Swinemünde Lighthouse, is an active lighthouse in Świnoujście, Poland.
It was deactivated when new range lights came into service and was demolished in 1939.
The lighthouse was a cottage-style screwpile lighthouse that was built to warn of shoals.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979 as Esopus Meadows Lighthouse.
The lighthouse and associated structures, such as the keepers’ cottages, are listed on Australia’s Register of the National Estate.
Completed in 1791, it is the oldest lighthouse in the state of Maine.
The Baily Lighthouse is a lighthouse on the southeastern part of Howth Head in Dublin, Ireland.
Narva-Jõesuu Lighthouse is a lighthouse located in Narva-Jõesuu, Estonia on the Gulf of Finland.
Osinovetsky Light is an active lighthouse in Lake Ladoga, in Leningrad Oblast, Russia.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
Bamburgh is popular with holidaymakers and is within the Northumberland Coast Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.
The lamps and reflectors were replaced in 1843 and used in the lighthouse at Cape Bonavista, Newfoundland, where they are currently on display.
The 1,026,000-candela light can be seen in all directions for up to 17.5 nautical miles.
It was originally built in 1906, and was then automated and converted to run on acetylene in 1921, and was modernised in 1994.
The word Scurdie is a local word for the volcanic rock found there  and Ness means a promontory, cape or headland.
Its light characteristic is a flash every 5 seconds, emitted at a focal plane height of 29 metres.
This was Norway's first cast iron lighthouse, and its success encouraged the building of many more on the Norwegian coastline.
The structure was used as an example of a lighthouse for Mystic Seaport visitors, but was not part of an exhibit until a 2008 renovation.
The families on the island were rehoused near to Corclough on the mainland at the end of the 19th century, although lighthouse keepers remained resident.
de Godeton was tried for theft in Southampton, before a jury from the island, and fined 287 and half marks on 27 February 1314.
At the original location now stands a modern fiberglass tower.
As of 2016, and for the foreseeable future the light is still in operation as an essential aid to navigation.
The lighthouse is 15 meters tall and its focal plane is located 78.5 meters above sea level making it the highest located lighthouse in Sweden.
It is about 0.4 nautical miles from the border with Canada, and just under 24 nautical miles from Put-in-Bay, Ohio.
Construction on the new lighthouse was completed in 1922.
Built in 1829, the first lighthouse, made of stone, was of such poor construction that the walls were severely cracked a decade later.
It is a main feature of Seattle's Discovery Park.
It was a navigational tower, constructed to assist ships on this otherwise fairly feature-less coast.
The Formiche di Grosseto is a group of islets which emerge sharply in the Tuscan Archipelago.
It was removed as part of a channel-widening project in 1968.
A primitive lighthouse had been on the location since the early 18th century; the current lighthouse is a Rijksmonument since 1970.
It was an active light from about 1866 to around 1879.
The first light house on the island was completed in 1854, and served the bay during its time as a Citadel and military prison.
August 8, 1899 the lighthouse suffered the fury of hurricane San Ciriaco, but was safe.
It was constructed by David A Stevenson in 1898 for the Northern Lighthouse Board.
1900 An Act of Congress extended the jurisdiction of the Lighthouse Service to the noncontiguous territory of Puerto Rico and adjacent American waters.
It featured in the 2016 film The Light Between Oceans.
It has a range of 35 km.
It is owned and operated by Maritime New Zealand.
The keeper's cottages are three one story cottages, sharing a roof.
The Toronto Harbour Light is an automated lighthouse at Vicki Keith Point on the Leslie Street Spit in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Castle Hill Lighthouse is located on Narragansett Bay in Newport, Rhode Island at the end of the historic Ocean Drive.
The Mystic Seaport light is now an active light, but not an official aid to navigation.
The challenges faced in the building of the lighthouse have led to it being described as one of the Seven Wonders of the Industrial World.
It was established in 1894, and replaced by a light in 1984.
It was also automated that same year, and the rotating lens was replaced by a modern one.
St Anthony's Lighthouse is a lighthouse situated on St Anthony Head, on the eastern side of the entrance to Falmouth harbour, Cornwall, UK.
It is located approximately 130 miles north of San Francisco in the Fort Point Group of lighthouses.
The northeast tower was torn down and the remaining tower upgraded from a sixth order Fresnel lens to one of the fourth order.
The light is accessible only by passing through the town of Duxbury, which lies to the north.
The focal plane is located at 37.5 metres above sea level.
It was completed in 1900 to assist vessels passing through the Bristol Channel, and is a round brick tower painted white.
Only 70 such lenses are still operational in the United States, 16 being on the Great Lakes of which two are in New York.
The light is a two-story white shingled structured topped with a glass-enclosed lantern and is a replica of the 1901 Brant Point Light.
When it was deactivated in 1990 it was donated to the Townsville Maritime Museum and it is now on display near the museum.
Visitation is strictly limited, permission is required from the Forest Department, Customs Department and the Ports.
The rear range lighthouse, which is owned by the United States Coast Guard, was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 15, 2005.
Dunkirk Light, also known as Point Gratiot Light, is an active lighthouse located at Point Gratiot on Lake Erie in New York state.
Both lights are now owned by the Town of Rockport and managed by the Thacher Island Association.
It is considered an endangered lighthouse due to remote location and old age.
Today the light runs with a faint 60 watt bulb, and the old rotating Fresnel lens has been replaced.
The current lighthouse, built in 1914, replaced earlier wooden structures which had been in use since 1877 and 1888.
The lighthouse marks the entrance to the huge Boknafjorden, the main shipping route to the city of Stavanger, and inland Rogaland county.
The lighthouse was renovated in 1867 and had its keeper's house from 1833 replaced in 1858 with a Gothic Revival gambrel-roofed wood-frame house.
The channel is now marked by Staten Island Light and West Bank Light.
Akraberg is the southern tip of Suðuroy, 5 km south from the village Sumba, Faroe Islands.
It was overturned by an ice floe on February 2, 1856.
All three towers were renovated in the early 1990s and are open to visitors.
Golf carts are the main source of transportation, and most of the supplies for the area are brought in by barge each week.
James Fenimore Cooper's 1848 novel Jack Tier: or the Florida Reefs, is set at the Garden Key lighthouse.
It is the southernmost light in Puget Sound and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Round Tower was a lighthouse in Burnham-on-Sea, Somerset, England.
The other lighthouse, which marks the western entrance, Oksøy Lighthouse, lies about 2.2 kilometres to the west.
It is made of brick and is circular—one of only two so constructed this way in Canada.
It is owned by the City of Oswego and operated by the United States Coast Guard.
The lighthouse operates in coordination with Eigerøy Lighthouse and guides boats into the southern entrance to the Egersund harbour.
The lighthouse was constructed in 1880 and was officially lit on May 2, 1882.
The lighthouse was severely damaged by the 1918 earthquake that struck the west part of the island.
The site is open to visitors daily from mid-June through mid-August and on Sundays from March through June and August through December.
The Newburyport Harbor Light, also known as Plum Island Light, built in 1788, is a historic lighthouse on Northern Boulevard in Newburyport, Massachusetts.
The light station was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Squirrel Point Light Station on January 21, 1988.
It is made of local granite blocks, which are believed to have come from Termon Hill, a nearby isolated outcrop of high quality granite.
The Kevich Light is a lighthouse located in the town of Grafton, Wisconsin.
Needham's Point Lighthouse is a lighthouse located in the southwest coast of Barbados.
The 54-foot-high lighthouse is painted white with a brown band in the middle.
It was classified as a monument historique on 23 May 2011.
Cape Byron, the easternmost point of the mainland of Australia, is about 3 kilometres northeast of the town of Byron Bay.
Construction of the 32 metre lighthouse started in 1862 and was finished in 1871.
It can be seen for 11.1 nautical miles and it has a flashing light in white, red, and green.
The front light of the range was Palmer Island Light.
Braunton Burrows is a prime British sand dune site, the largest sand dune system in England.
It remains an active aid to navigation.
An 1866 inspection declared the lighthouse was in "very defective condition" and in late fall of 1869 it closed.
The U.S. Coast Guard last had the lighthouse repaired in 2003.
The Knarraros lighthouse is located on the south coast of Iceland.
The Poverty Island Light is a light house located on Poverty Island in northwestern Lake Michigan, 5.8 miles south of Garden Peninsula.
The lighthouse was first established in 1830 and the last tower was first lit in 1868.
The United States Lighthouse Board requested funds to replace the lightship in 1852, citing the expense of maintaining it.
An aerial lighthouse is a lighthouse used to guide aircraft with lighted beacons at night.
The Big Tignish Light is a lighthouse on Prince Edward Island, Canada.
It is located at the Stony Point Battlefield in Stony Point, New York.
The first lighthouse in Abruka was built in 1897, a 28 metre high wooden structure, which had a form of a trellised wooden candelabrum.
Tower Shape / Markings / Pattern: White, square, pyramidal,
The first lighthouse on this site was built in 1714.
Storozhenskiy Light, also known as Storozhno Light, is an active lighthouse in Lake Ladoga, in the Leningrad Oblast, Russia.
The vessel's position is 49°55′N 2°54′W, approximately 56 km north-northwest of Guernsey.
Loop Head, is a headland on the north side of the mouth of the River Shannon, in County Clare in the west of Ireland.
The government reserved the tip of the cape as the site for a lighthouse.
The lighthouse had a cannon during British rule to secure the bay.
The Deepwater Shoals Light was a lighthouse located in the James River upstream from Newport News, Virginia.
The Annandale Range Lights are a set of range lights on the east coast of Prince Edward Island, Canada.
In the 19th century there had been many complaints from sea authorities that the coastlines on Gotland had very few lighthouses.
The Spanish Crown built the lighthouse to help secure its claim over the main island of Culebra.
The tower stands 93 feet tall, and is the tallest lighthouse in Oregon.
In light of the expansion of the Castle between 1865 and 1873, it proved necessary to reposition the lights.
It is not lit during the late spring and early summer due to the midnight sun.
It presently is not operational and is a museum.
The first Two Harbors keeper was Charles Lederle and there were normally three keepers assigned to make sure the light was lit every day.
This change distinguished the Point Judith light from the Beavertail Lighthouse, which used a siren to announce fog.
The Vingleia Lighthouse is a lighthouse on the island of Skarvfleshølen about 6 kilometres north of Mausund in the municipality of Frøya in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.
In 1996 the present structure replaced a Texas Tower built in 1961, which in turn had replaced the lightships Hens & Chickens and Vineyard Sound.
It is located on the west side of the village of Ydstebøhamn on the island of Kvitsøy.
Situated-approximately 800 metres to the north of Ponta do Seixas, easternmost point of the entire Americas.
A Fourth Order Fresnel lens was originally installed, but was replaced with a modern 12-inch acrylic optic lens.
The lighthouse is also known simply as "Breakwater Light" or "Outer Light".
Dumpling Rocks Light is a light on a skeleton tower on Dumpling Rock, Buzzards Bay, Massachusetts.
Skrova Lighthouse is a coastal lighthouse in the municipality of Vågan in Nordland, Norway.
The lighthouse is located on a small island just a few feet away from the mainland in Asylum Bay on Lake Winnebago, Wisconsin.
The Ten Pound Island Light is a historic lighthouse in Gloucester Harbor in Gloucester, Massachusetts.
The original light was on the bank to the south.
The structures also went through various modifications, the major one being an increase in the lighthouse height and rebuilding of several structures, in 1928–1930.
The Big Sable Point Light is a lighthouse on the eastern shore of Lake Michigan near Ludington in Mason County, Michigan, at the Ludington State Park.
It was constructed in 1838 and lit in 1839.
There is also a secondary light about halfway up the lighthouse tower.
The current tower, one of the first made of cast iron, was built in 1849.
The Culebra Foundation, starting in 1994, has tried to attract local and federal attention to save the lighthouse, but they have had little success.
For many hundred years this area was very important for fishermen.
The station was built by the Spanish Government as part of their extensive lighting plan for the archipelago.
The Baileys Harbor Range Lights are a pair of lighthouses arranged in a range light configuration, located near Baileys Harbor in Door County, Wisconsin, United States.
The lighthouse stands atop a bastion of Fort Hamilton, which was built in 1798-1800.
The station has a helicopter landing deck and rescue boat.
The Port of Aarhus built Sletterhage Lighthouse.
During winter to spring, the lighthouse is a vantage point for land-based whale watching as migrating whales swim very close to shores.
The light is now owned by the City of Newburyport and is leased to the Friends of Plum Island Light.
Nash Island Light is a lighthouse on Nash Island at the entrance to Pleasant Bay in Maine.
It took eight years, from 1861 to 1869, to build due to the treacherous weather conditions that can occur between Cornwall and Scilly.
Prior to the installation of the helipad, visitors to the lighthouse would rappel from the top to boats waiting away from the lighthouse.
Slåtterøy Lighthouse is a coastal lighthouse located in the municipality of Bømlo in southwestern Hordaland county, Norway.
The light was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on 29 December 1978.
It was destroyed by Hurricane Sandy on October 29, 2012.
The upper portion of the lighthouse is painted red, the lower is painted white.
The light station was added to the National Register of Historic Places as Nobska Point Light Station in 1987.
The only way to create a distinction was to build more than one light.
The lighthouse is unusual in that it now stands several hundred feet offshore.
Maasvlakte Light is an inactive lighthouse in Maasvlakte, an industrial area in the city of Rotterdam, the Netherlands.
The original lens is now at Sand Point Light in Escanaba, Michigan.
The square tower is attached to a dwelling.
Blacksod Lighthouse is a lighthouse at the southern end of the Mullet Peninsula, Erris, County Mayo, at the entrance to Blacksod Bay.
A Triple Island helipad occupies much of the remainder of the islet.
In the 1990s, the Deep River Historical Society of Deep River, Connecticut wanted to build a replica of the structure for use as a daymark.
It was electrified in 1945 with a 1000 watt bulb and fully automated in 1967.
Initially fed by vapourised kerosene, the station was automated in 1971 and in 1998, the light was converted to solar power.
By 1867, however, the building was heavily damaged by flood and ice and funds for a new lighthouse were appropriated in 1870.
The light can be seen for about 17 nmi.
The Tangier Sound Light was a lighthouse located south of Tangier Island in the Chesapeake Bay.
There has been a lighthouse since 1797 to warn ships off The Gantocks.
The station was established in 1746, automated in 1965, and is still in operation.
Port Burwell Marine Museum and Historic Lighthouse is a historical museum in Port Burwell, Ontario, Canada.
The tower is open to visitors during the summer season for a small fee.
These open coal fire lights were difficult to maintain and were soon replaced by a single oil-powered light within a cast-iron lantern.
In 1962 the Morris Island Light was decommissioned and replaced by the new Charleston Light, located on Sullivan's Island at the north end of the harbor.
Ancient stone structures testify to the presence of Stroma's earliest residents, while a Norse presence around 900–1,000 years ago is recorded in the Orkneyinga Saga.
In 1982, it was replaced by a GRP cabinet while the light was converted to solar power.
Saltholmen is named after the salt extraction industry once there, established by Hans Nielsen Hauge.
That first light consisted of ten whale oil lamps with reflectors.
Photographs and paintings of this lighthouse are frequently reproduced.
It is the northernmost lighthouse in the state of Maine, and was the last light to be built in the state.
Barcelona Light, also known as Portland Harbor Light, is a lighthouse overlooking Barcelona Harbor on Lake Erie in the Town of Westfield, New York.
The structure is about 1.1 miles off Fairfield Beach, on one end of the reef.
Godrevy Lighthouse was built in 1858–1859 on Godrevy Island in St Ives Bay, Cornwall.
The property is now privately owned by Pine Island Camp, which conducts outings to the facility.
Mackinaw Point marks the junction of Lake Michigan and Lake Huron.
Kannonzaki Lighthouse is a lighthouse on Cape Kannon, on Miura Peninsula, in Yokosuka, Kanagawa, Japan.
As it is an important mark in an area subject to fog, it has a racon showing the letter "C".
Other materials such as timber and brick were not as accessible and were shipped from Quebec to L’Anse au Loup.
Since the turn of the 21st century, the lighthouse and site are being renovated by the Saginaw River Marine Historical Society for heritage tourism.
It is located on a rocky outcrop offshore southwest of Fort Foster and south of Wood Island in Kittery.
The island lies within sight of the mainland and it is 6 kilometres from the nearest island.
Huvudskär, is a Swedish archipelago and lighthouse.
From its inception, the lighthouse was closely connected to Cape Cleveland Light.
Completed in 1855, it is made of natural-finished local limestone and stands 70 feet high.
The tower is attached to a 2-story service building.
The Volusia Bar Light was a river lighthouse marking the inlet of the St. Johns River into the south end of Lake George, Florida.
The Sapelo Island Range Front Light is a lighthouse range light on Sapelo Island, Georgia, U.S.
Several of the glass prisms and panels from the lens that were sold off over the years have been returned to Bald Head Island.
Sullivan's Island is a barrier island at the northern entrance to the Charleston harbor.
The light emits a white, red, or green light occulting once every 6 seconds.
The Nansemond River Light was a screwpile lighthouse located at the confluence of the Nansemond and James rivers in Virginia.
The tower is a 30 meter tall concrete structure.
Nosy Alañaña Light, also known as Île aux Prunes Light, is an active lighthouse in Île aux Prunes, Toamasina Province, Madagascar.
In June 2011, the General Services Administration made the Fowey Rocks Light available at no cost to public organizations willing to preserve them.
The lighthouse was built to guide ships passing through the canal.
Point Arguello Lighthouse is a lighthouse on Point Arguello, serving the Santa Barbara Channel, California adjoining Vandenberg Air Force Base near the city of Lompoc, California.
It also contains the Santa Cruz Surfing Museum, housed in a 1967 lighthouse.
It is located within the Aire Point to Carrick Du SSSI, the Cornwall Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty and the Penwith Heritage Coast.
It is situated about half a mile to the north-east of West Blockhouse Point.
This group of rocks are called Flesjarnar.
They were deactivated and moved to shore as part of a channel-widening project.
The lighthouse was established following an increase in traffic through the northern entrance to Moreton Bay in the 1840s.
Eventually the structure sat at a tilt, with the west side about fourteen inches lower than the east.
A fog bell was installed in 1858, and the lightkeeper's house was rebuilt in 1868.
The skeleton tower was further altered to an automatic gas light a few years prior to 1931.
Longstone Lighthouse is an active lighthouse located at Longstone Rock off Seahouses, Northumberland Coast, England.
The local community of Scalpay are currently attempting a community buyout.
It is a white octagonal pyramid skeleton framework on black pile foundation, enclosing a square dwelling and a stair-cylinder.
Open to the public, visits are held Wednesdays from 14:00 to 17:00.
As stated by other sources it is the second tallest, Cikoneng Light being 58 m.
The Sabine Bank Light is a caisson lighthouse in the Gulf of Mexico south of the mouth of the Sabine River.
The lighthouse is located on the northern tip of the island of Vågsøy.
In 1866, the attached yellow brick lighthouse keeper's dwelling was constructed.
Unusual for a lighthouse in Scotland, it is constructed of red brick, and is unpainted.
The Fresnel lens was replaced in 1976, and an acrylic optic was installed in 1981.
The lighthouse is located in the Hamburg district of Blankenese.
The island is 300 metres east to west and 900 metres north to south.
The island is also noted to be a good place for birding.
A 'My Lighthouse Window' capital campaign for the $138,000 match is underway.
The signal blink is the Morse code for the letter "H" for Helsinki.
It is currently in storage at Robinson Iron Works awaiting restoration funding.
The light is a 1st order Fresnel lens which emits a light with an intensity of 4,401,000 candelas.
The lighthouse was originally constructed on nearby East Island.
The Synod of Whitby was held there in 664.
In 1922, the range of the light house was extended to 22 nautical miles when 3rd order dioptric flashing lights were installed.
The Gibraltar Detached Mole Lighthouse is one of several lighthouses in Gibraltar, a British Overseas Territory at the south end of the Iberian Peninsula.
It is still an active Coast Guard aid to navigation.
The Army Corps of Engineers also modified the channel in the mid 1920's.
The western tower is deactivated, but it is still standing and is privately owned.
Bloody Point Bar Light is an early sparkplug lighthouse in the Chesapeake Bay near Kent Island, Maryland.
The 23.5-metre tall lighthouse is red with one white stripe and it can be seen for 17.1 nautical miles.
West Bank Light, officially West Bank Front Range Light, is in Lower New York Bay and acts as the front range light for the Ambrose Channel.
It was soon threatened by erosion so in 1864 it was replaced by a 150-foot masonry tower built further inland.
In 1880, the lighthouse was occupied by American landscape painter Winslow Homer.
There are two modern lights marking the ends of the breakwaters that extend out into the Lake Michigan beyond the lighthouse.
The place is some 123 km south of Split, Croatia, and 53 km east of the Gargano peninsula, Italy.
Later a dioptric apparatus was installed in the tower and came into operation on 29 September 1864.
A true lighthouse was never built and the land was transferred to Whatcom County for use as a county park.
It flashes every 15 seconds and is visible at least 12 miles out to sea and up to 19 miles.
Due to the change in the river's course, several lighthouses have been built, destroyed, and rebuilt again over the course of history.
The lighthouse with a circular masonry tower made of natural stone became fully functional in 1904.
The light was relocated in 1938, and the structure was deactivated and abandoned.
It was established in 1871, and closed in 1975.
The United States Coast Guard operates the light itself as an aid to navigation.
Akmenrags Lighthouse - a lighthouse on the Latvian coast of the Baltic Sea, located to the south of the resort town of Pāvilosta.
The six sided tower has a height of 30.48 meters.
Building commenced in 1821 and was completed in 1823.
It is marked by the Kish Lighthouse, a landmark well known to sailors and ferry passengers passing through Dublin Bay and Dún Laoghaire harbour.
The structure was badly damaged by a barge in 1945 and finally destroyed when hit by a tanker in 1949.
In 2005 three cottages and the Victorian keeper's dwelling were made available for overnight stays.
It lies at one end of the Maspalomas beach, 4 kilometres south of the resort town centre, next to the area known as the Maspalomas Dunes.
The occulting light is on for 3 seconds, then off for 3 seconds.
The island is accessible only by helicopter, and the entire site is closed to the public.
This lighthouse should not be confused with more well-known Tybee Island Light Station.
In 2004, the owners the lighthouse building were convicted of theft and of running a fraudulent charity to pay for the mortgage on the property.
Little Gull Island Light is a lighthouse on Little Gull Island, off Fisher's Island, New York in Long Island Sound.
However, new techniques in offshore construction and the automation of lighthouse illumination made it possible to build a navigation aid on the shoal itself.
It was replaced in 1900 with a metal skeletal tower.
The light was built in 1917 on Lake Erie by the United States Army Corps of Engineers.
It is part of Cape Disappointment State Park.
It was Alexander Parris's last significant design.
At 111 feet tall, it is the tallest lighthouse on the Great Lakes, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
It is also on the Lighthouse Digest Doomsday List of endangered lighthouses.
The original lantern on top of the tower was removed and discarded when the lighthouse was automated in 1973; the present lantern is a replica.
It marks the entrance to San Pablo Bay from San Francisco Bay.
The light station was established in 1829, and its present structures date to 1875.
The 20.8-metre tall round cast iron tower sits on a stone base.
The Goose Island Lighthouse is operated by the Australian Maritime Safety Authority and has been unmanned since 1931.
The Old Baldy Foundation plans to display the restored lens near the former site of the Cape Fear Lighthouse.
Three single-wick lamps fitted with parabolic reflectors were used.
At a height of 223 feet, it is the tenth-tallest "traditional lighthouse" in the world.
The lighthouses were named to the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
It was repaired after the war with a second-order Fresnel lens, and was subsequently electrified.
Two significant efforts during the 1980s and 1990s served to restore the aging tower and the light was relit as a non-navigational aid in 2000.
Due to settling, the daymark was replaced with a lighted buoy in 1913.
The lighthouse is now registered as a Category I Historic Place.
The lighthouse sits on the island of Fjøløy, along the Boknafjorden.
Trinity House, the lighthouse authority for England and Wales, have a lighthouse on the tip of the peninsula.
Mersin Feneri is located at the Mediterranean coast in the city of Mersin, Turkey.
The 21-foot wooden tower was erected in 1889 and replaced with a skeleton tower by 1919.
The site is open, and the tower is open to the public daily April through October and on Thursday, Friday, and Sunday afternoons November through March.
The tower is a cast iron plate shell lined with brick and stands 48 feet high.
In 2007, Lundy had a resident population of 28 people, including volunteers.
Seahorse Key, including the lighthouse, became part of the Cedar Keys National Wildlife Refuge, established in 1929.
While the Copper Harbor Light effectively illuminated the area of the harbor, it failed to guide mariners through the narrow opening of rocks at its entrance.
While still standing, it has been supplanted by a steel tower which stands adjacent to it.
It has two flashes every 10 seconds, the color that flashes is white or red depending on direction from which it is seen.
Stroma is now abandoned, with the houses of its former inhabitants unoccupied and falling into ruin.
The cottage has no mains electricity, water or sewer connections; instead a private spring supplies water, and solid fuel or gas provide heat and light.
Characteristic stones from the beach at Sletterhage are on display.
The Halfmoon Reef Light is one of the many screw-pile type lighthouses built on the Texas Gulf Coast, but the only one that still stands.
The Frankfort Light is a lighthouse located on the north breakwater in the harbor in Frankfort, Michigan.
The lighthouse was a conical brick masonry tower, 40 feet tall.
Three-hour walking tours guided by volunteers are available on Wednesdays and weekends throughout the year.
It is particularly important ecologically because it includes the complete successional range of dune plant communities, with over 400 vascular plant species.
The original Front Range Light house is currently a private home.
The original lighthouse was established in 1902 and in 1988 a new automated tower was completed.
It stands on a circular concrete foundation set in about 10 feet of water, and rising about 6 feet above the water line.
After an inactive period from 1989 to 1995, the light is now active again.
The light shone without a break from 1844 until a fire in 1954 shut down operations for five years.
Following several shipping disasters near Evanston, residents successfully lobbied the federal government for a lighthouse.
The Church threatened to excommunicate him unless he built a lighthouse near Chale Bay.
The station received electricity in 1950, but the light remained kerosene operated until it was decommissioned in 1985.
The lighthouse remains in use and is remote-controlled by the Swedish Maritime Administration in Norrköping.
The natives named the rocks, "The Devil's Stepping Stones".
The lighthouse was built between 1885 and 1888 on the 7-metre high islet of Bratthårskollen, north of Gripholmen.
It was first lit in 1855, and automated in 1977.
It is located on a waveswept skerry about 1 kilometre north of Veiholmen on the north side of the island of Smøla.
It is in the village of Wind Point, Wisconsin, on Lighthouse Road, next to the Shoop Park golf course.
The Chicken Rock Lighthouse is an active 19th century lighthouse, located on Chicken Rock an isolated island at the southern end of the Isle of Man.
The light flashes white every ten seconds.
Cars and golf carts are permitted on the outskirts of town, however.
The 120 feet wrought iron tower was made by the Kellogg Bridge Company of Buffalo, New York.
The village, port and harbour were rebuilt under Soviet control - bringing back the importance of the lighthouse.
A hill up from the lighthouse, Ellemandsbjerg, 99 meters above sea level is a view point.
The keeper's house was destroyed in 1970 as a Green Beret demolition exercise.
It was commissioned on 17 April 1983.
It is also referred to as Fannet or Fannett in older records.
On display are themes related to historical and current navigational equipment and principles, marine life, and the geology of the Sletterhage area.
It was removed and replaced after World War II by a minor aid on top of a pyramidal structure, which was replaced again in 1955.
The Cape Finisterre Lighthouse is an active lighthouse on Cape Finisterre, in the Province of A Coruña, on the northwestern coast of Galicia in Spain.
Hartland Point Lighthouse is a Grade II listed building at Hartland Point, Devon, England.
The Wilson's Promontory lighthouse is the southernmost lighthouse on mainland Australia.
A small structure, it sat on seven pneumatic piles, and was equipped with a fifth-order Fresnel lens.
It is claimed to be the waveswept lighthouse farthest from mainland in Europe, about 30 kilometres off the French coast.
Inside it has a helix staircase driving to the top.
It is the tallest lighthouse in Virginia and the second tallest in the United States.
The lighthouse was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984 as reference #84003732.
The Beaux Arts style makes the light look like a small castle.
The light stands at the highest point of the island.
It is located on a cape near the village of Bussana in the comune of Sanremo, in the province of Imperia.
Two years later, the building collapsed, and nothing remains of it.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
Smith Point Light is a caisson lighthouse in the Virginia portion of the Chesapeake Bay at the mouth of the Potomac River.
The light was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
The lighthouse was active between 1896 and 1968.
Vaucluse Bay Range Rear Light is an active lighthouse located on the east side of the entrance to Vaucluse Bay in Vaucluse, New South Wales, Australia.
Slītere Lighthouse, is an inactive lighthouse located on the Latvian coast of the Baltic Sea.
The old tower is easily accessible to the public as was the newer one, but entering is not allowed.
Today it is part of a county park, and tours are available.
The residences and most other structures are timber framed and fibro clad.
The Warren Landing Lower Range Lights are a pair of range lights in Warren Landing, Manitoba, at the entrance to the Nelson River.
The Coast Guard automated the light in 1978.
The Port Washington Light is a historical lighthouse in Port Washington, Wisconsin.
Mare Island Lighthouse was a lighthouse in California, United States, on the north shore of San Pablo Bay at the entrance to Carquinez Strait, California.
Stavernsodden Lighthouse is a coastal lighthouse in the municipality of Larvik in Vestfold, Norway.
The lighthouse has a height of fifteen metres.
Berry Head Lighthouse is an active lighthouse, located at the end Berry Head near Brixham in Devon.
By the late 1860s the lighthouse was falling into disrepair.
Marcus Hook Range Rear Light is a lighthouse near Bellefonte, Delaware marking a range on the Delaware River.
It was initially lit with coal gas, the first lighthouse to be designed and operated in this way.
Incandescent oil dioptric light with ‘Hood’ burner was used in 1931 with a 3rd Order 500 mm optic..
The extremely popular plates have sold over 7000 sets since they were released in July 2010.
The design by architect Johan Höjer is unique to Sweden.
Designed by L. Valk, it was built in 1837.
As of 2005, the Sheringham Point Lighthouse Preservation Society is working to acquire the property from the Coast Guard and turn it into a public park.
Smoke conductors were installed in 1860 due to the fact that the calm weather could not sufficiently clear the smoke from the lantern room.
Maatsuyker Island Lighthouse was the last Australian lighthouse still being officially operated by lightkeepers.
A second lighthouse was constructed in 1895, deactivated in 2006 and demolished in early 2009.
Store Færder Lighthouse is a former coastal lighthouse in the municipality of Tjøme in Vestfold, Norway.
The hills, coastline, and sea by the lighthouse attracts visitors.
The 39 metres metre high lighthouse marks the southern end of the Minch, warning of the presence of the Mills Rocks, Canna and Hyskeir itself.
It is across the river from Point Edward Front Range Light.
The station was established in 1912 but the tower's date of construction is unknown.
Bull Point Lighthouse is a lighthouse on Bull Point, about one mile north of the village of Mortehoe, on the northern coast of Devon, England.
Darłowo Lighthouse - a lighthouse on the Polish coast of the Baltic Sea in Darłowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship; in Poland.
It was designed by Finnish architect Axel Hampus Dalström and first lit in 1873.
The light was replaced in 1993 with a skeletal tower which is active.
It was designated a New York City Landmark in 1967.
Use of the lighthouses has declined with the advent of radio navigation aids such as NDB, VOR and DME.
Ballast Point Lighthouse was a lighthouse in California, situated on Ballast Point, a tiny peninsula extending into San Diego Bay from Point Loma, San Diego, California.
La Corbière was formerly the western terminus of the Jersey Railway line from Saint Helier.
It marks the southern entrance to Port Jackson and Sydney Harbour, as well as lighting the South Reef, a ledge of submerged rocks.
It was automated in 1919 when a gas beacon replaced the oil light.
The red light is visible for 9 nautical miles while the white light is visible for 12 nautical miles.
Atlantic currents in this area made for excellent travel for ships, except in the area of Diamond Shoals, just offshore at Cape Hatteras.
The Point of Ayre Lighthouse is an active 19th century lighthouse, sited at the Point of Ayre at the north-eastern end of the Isle of Man.
In 1871, ship captains asked that Point Judith's fog signal be changed from a horn to whistle.
Canadian Coast Guard personnel man the station on a 28-day rotation.
The Cape Spencer Light is an active lighthouse on the Bay of Fundy east of Saint John, New Brunswick.
Built as an addition to an existing house, Pelican Bay Light is maintained by the Cady family of Brookings.
The tower framework is painted brown, while the dwelling and enclosed circular stair to the lantern is painted white.
Olhörn lighthouse is a small lighthouse on the German North Sea island of Föhr in Schleswig-Holstein.
This was subsequently replaced by a connection to the mains grid in the 1960s.
In 1857 the lighthouse was replaced by the new Færder Lighthouse on Tristein.
Cape Engaño Lighthouse is now under the supervision of the Department of Transportation and Communications through the Philippine Coast Guards' lighthouse division.
The Sevenstones Lightship is in a very exposed location and is open to most North Atlantic storms.
The first lighthouse built on the island of Vaindloo was ordered by Tsar Peter the Great in the year of 1718.
It is the oldest lighthouse in Madeira.
The New Dorp Lighthouse is a decommissioned lighthouse located in the New Dorp section of Staten Island, New York.
It was established in 1904 and automated in 1987.
It had a small diaphone fog signal.
The rotating amber beacon flashes at a rate of sixty times a minute.
The lighthouse was built to mark the entrance to the fjord, which is near the port of the city of Kristiansund, a few kilometres away.
It has been in continuous operation since 1857, although the current lighthouse tower is 26 feet shorter than when first constructed.
The red and white lighthouse is at the tip of a short jetty projecting into the Étang de Thau.
The light source is metal halide lamp.
The Grand Island North Light Station is a lighthouse located on the north end of Grand Island near Munising, Michigan.
The treacherous sea near Egmond necessitated the construction of two lighthouses, which were built in 1833.
It is located on Curtis Island, which shelters the harbor from ocean storms.
A connecting line between the two lighthouses marks the northern boundary of the Port of Istanbul.
The current light, a sparkplug lighthouse, was constructed in 1882 with a concrete caisson foundation and a 35-foot cast iron tower.
The lighthouse is located on a small, flat islet located just west of the village of Tananger.
Rua Reidh Lighthouse stands close to the entrance to Loch Ewe in Wester Ross, Scotland.
The light ran on a colza oil lamp at first.
Archer Point Light is an active lighthouse located on Archer Point, a conical, 60-metre-high, grassy headland, about 14 kilometres southeast of Cooktown, Queensland, Australia.
The 15-metre tall tower was built of granite, soapstone, and brick.
The other lighthouse, known as Lynde Point Light or more commonly as "Inner Light", is 75 years older than this lighthouse.
Today, it is maintained by the Coastal Safety Authority of the Ministry of Transport and Communication.
The tower is topped with a lantern and gallery.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as "Narraguagus Light Station" on November 20, 1987.
Whaleback Light is a historic lighthouse marking the mouth of the Piscataqua River between New Castle, New Hampshire and Kittery, Maine.
The foundation also owns the lighthouse since 1984.
The keeper's house, which was built in 1905, is unpainted stone.
East Charity Shoal Light has been privately owned since 2009, however easements are in place to maintain the light's function as a navigational aid.
It existed as a lighthouse with keeper from 1895 to 1935, and as an unattended light from 1935 until it burned down in the 1950s.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 as Nantucket Light and removed after the destruction of the listed structure in 1986.
The light can be seen for up to 12.7 nautical miles.
It is located at the mouth of the Digby Gut, which connects the Bay of Fundy with the Annapolis Basin.
The lighthouse was at the southern tip of the island.
Operated at various times in the 19th century, it was deactivated sometime after 1870.
Phare du Créac'h or Kreac'h lighthouse or Créac'h lighthouse is a lighthouse in Ushant, France.
A landmark structure was built on the island in the 18th century and a light house in 1883.
The tower is a square shaped tower.
The south tower, on the Torensduin, was deactivated in 1891 and demolished in 1915.
It was the site of the first screw-pile lighthouse in the United States.
Poe Reef has historically caused problems for shipping.
Modern Baccalieu Island was known to Europeans by that name since at least 1556, when it was drawn on the Gastaldi map as "Bacalaos".
The initial bid was $10,000 and the auction ended on August 27, 2008 at a final bid of $245,000.
Together with the Hoge vuurtoren van IJmuiden, the 24-metre high lighthouse forms a pair of leading lights marking the IJgeul.
It is owned and operated by Maritime New Zealand.
In 1866, an updated lighthouse costing $12,000 was constructed.
The tower was built of stone from an old chapel.
The circular stone masonry tower has a height of 34 meters.
One of the towers was moved to the Eastham area and became Nauset Light in 1923.
The former lighthouse was relocated to Shelter Cove near Point Delgada, California in 1998, and the historic Fresnel lens to Ferndale, California, in 1948.
The current tower was built in 1857 and strengthened in the 1880s.
Nordøyan lighthouse stands on the islet of Surenøy, north of the Foldafjord.
Today the island is privately owned and the lighthouse is in decay but still standing.
It was painted red and white horizontal stripes: three white and two red and housed a first-order Fresnel lens produced by the Henry-LePaute Company in France.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
The light serves in help north-bound shipping hug the coast to avoid the strong southerly currents further out to sea.
It is adjacent to the Sea View Park and the Government Guest House.
Hammeren Lighthouse is located on the Hammeren peninsula on the northwestern tip of the Danish island of Bornholm.
Point Cartwright Light is an active lighthouse located on Point Cartwright, a point near the mouth of the Mooloolah River, in Mooloolaba, Queensland, Australia.
The Burnt Island Light, built in 1821, is the second oldest surviving lighthouse in Maine.
Fort Point Light was a lighthouse located on the south side of the entrance to Galveston Bay in Texas.
The Sharkfin Shoal Light was a screw-pile lighthouse located at the mouth of the Nanticoke River in the Chesapeake Bay.
The lighthouse was the first to be built within the state of New York, and was the first public works project of the new United States.
It is located on the east bank of the river Świna just inside the entrance.
In June 2008, the Kenosha Pierhead Lighthouse was deemed "excess" by the Coast Guard.
Point Vicente Lighthouse is a lighthouse in California, United States, in Rancho Palos Verdes, north of Los Angeles Harbor, California.
Shark Island Light is an active pile lighthouse located just north of Shark Island, an island in Sydney Harbour, New South Wales, Australia.
The lighthouse, constructed in 1964, is the third at this site, following a timber frame lighthouse constructed in 1875 and a concrete lighthouse constructed around 1937.
The Friends of Sakonnet Lighthouse acquired the lighthouse in 1985, and it was reactivated by the United States Coast Guard in 1997.
The lighthouses became operational in September 1835.
Türkeli Feneri, a historical lighthouse still in use, is located on the European side of Bosphorus' Black Sea entrance in Istanbul, Turkey.
It was built in 1867, and is still active.
The lighthouse is a well-preserved three-storey tower with an adjoining  1 1⁄2-storey keeper's residence.
It was established in 1907, and automated in 1985.
It is also known as Pamban channel northwest point lighthouse.
Tibbetts Point Light is listed on the National Register of Historic Places, reference number 84002412, as Tibbets Point Light.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991 as Southwest Reef Lighthouse.
From the start the light was simply an iron pot placed on the ground.
The Martin Reef Light Station is a lighthouse located in northern Lake Huron, 4.3 miles south of Cadogan Point in Clark Township, Michigan.
The plans were changed when five surplus piles were found; in the end the structure was square, and sat on these five piles.
The lighthouse was raised from its original structure twice, most notably between 1842 and 1844 to a design by Walter Newall.
The site of the United Kingdom's first bird observatory, a great variety of birds can be found on what today is an uninhabited island.
As a result, the reef and the lighthouse have also been called Dry Banks.
The Town of Greenwich acquired the property in 1973 and had full-time caretakers on the site until the lighthouse became too dilapidated in 2003.
The corresponding front range light was replaced in 1968; the rear range light was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
The Milnerton Lighthouse, commissioned on 1960-03-10, is located on Table Bay shore in Milnerton, South Africa.
There were four built between 1849 and 1885.
Koskela Light is a sector light tower located on the southern shore of Letonniemi promontory in Taskila district of the City of Oulu in Finland.
An early 1847 private beacon was replaced by a temporary government light in 1864, and then the permanent tower in 1865.
It is a white conical stone tower with a broad black band.
The St. Peters Harbour Light is a lighthouse on St. Peter's Bay, Prince Edward Island, Canada.
Skagen Lighthouse, also known as Skagen's Grey Lighthouse, is an active lighthouse 4 km northeast of Skagen in the far north of Jutland, Denmark.
The two-story wood keeper's house is now a private summer residence.
Nearby, the warm Gulf Stream ocean current collides with the colder Labrador Current, creating ideal conditions for powerful ocean storms and sea swells.
The tower is open to the public from 8:00 a.m. though 9:00 p.m. during the summer.
The lighthouse was designed by then Lieutenant George G. Meade of the Bureau of Topographical Engineers.
Flamborough Head Lighthouse acts as a waypoint for passing deep sea vessels and coastal traffic, and marks Flamborough Head for vessels heading towards Scarborough and Bridlington.
Esaki Lighthouse is a lighthouse in Awaji, Hyōgo Japan.
It was converted to solar power in 1988.
The current tower was built in 1594 and is listed as a Rijksmonument, number 35032 and is rated with a very high historical value.
With an automatic glare configuration since 1995, with the sequence of: 0.5 s on, 1 s off, 0.5 s on, 8 s off.
The name Dondra is a synonym for "Devi-Nuwara" in the local Sinhala language, "Devi" meaning "Gods" and "Nuwara" meaning "City".
The Willapa Bay Light, originally the Shoalwater Bay Light, was a lighthouse at the north side of the entrance to Willapa Bay.
Historically part of Northumberland, the modern town of Tynemouth includes North Shields and Cullercoats and had a 2011 population of 67,519.
Its red light is visible for 4 nautical miles.
The light is at the end of a reef that extends about 1,500 feet south from Deer Island.
Built on the site of a light station first established privately in the 18th century, the current tower dates from 1891.
It is one of the most important and visited places in João Pessoa.
It was deactivated in 1933, but relit in 1951.
It is part of the California state park system as Point Cabrillo Light Station State Historic Park.
The lighthouse is currently operated by the United States Coast Guard and is closed to the public.
It was once the most powerful lighthouse in the Southern Hemisphere.
It is located in Gamvik Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.
It is located within the borders of the Fuji-Hakone-Izu National Park.
The light was one of a group of New England lighthouses built to the same plan after an award-winning design by a Vermont architect.
The location of the lighthouse has remained the same over the decade; however the coast has receded.
It sits at the northeastern entrance to Budd Inlet north of Olympia.
Built in 1858 at a cost of $8,000, this lighthouse, replaced an 1837 brick & stone light built at water's edge.
It was built in 1850, was automated in 1965, and is still in operation.
It is owned and operated by Maritime New Zealand.
The radio navigation tower is used as an art museum and studio.
Baron Bliss Lighthouse is a lighthouse in Belize City.
The Glosholm lighthouse was a lighthouse on a southern tip of the Glosholm Island in the Pellinge archipelago in the Gulf of Finland, outside of Porvoo.
In 2017, a restoration campaign, 'Save Greens Ledge' was launched to preserve and protect Greens Ledge Light.
It was automated by September 1985 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
The 9-foot monolith appears to have recorded the midwinter sunset and is thought to have been removed during construction of the lighthouse.
Its nearest lighthouses are Smoky Cape Lighthouse at South West Rocks, to the north, and Crowdy Head Light, to the south.
Danger Point Lighthouse is a lighthouse on the southern point of Walker Bay, near Gansbaai.
The lighthouse is built on Onakalven, the highest cliff on the island overlooking the harbor and the few, clustered wooden houses on this small island.
There are eleven timber flights of stairs in the lighthouse, with twenty steps each, which must be climbed in order to reach the top.
It is situated at the eastern tip of the Hel peninsula and guides ship traffic into Gdańsk Bay and the Bay of Puck.
Hekkingen Lighthouse is a coastal lighthouse located in the Malangen fjord in the municipality of Lenvik in Troms, Norway.
The Sturgeon Bay Canal North Pierhead Light is a lighthouse located on Sturgeon Bay in Door County, Wisconsin.
The Maryland Point Light was a screw-pile lighthouse located in the Potomac River.
Currently, the lighthouse is contained within Lighthouse Point Park and, along with the keeper's house, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
The name is from the Old Norse Straumr-øy meaning "island in the [tidal] stream".
It has been powered electrically since 1948.
It is currently listed on the Canadian List of Lights as Light No.
The place, where the lighthouse stands, is named Anadolufeneri, which today is a fishermen's village in Beykoz district.
It is maintained by the Port Authority of Jamaica, an agency of the Ministry of Transport and Works.
Since that time, the Clinton County Historical Association worked to restore the lighthouse and preserve it as a museum.
Visitors can climb the 111-step spiral staircase to the top of the 86-foot tower for a 360 degree view of the beach and countryside.
The Hong Kong Marine Department have installed a fixed beacon on the rock and lights on either side to warn shipping.
In 1909, the top three sections were moved to Vlieland where they serve as a separate lighthouse.
The International Lighthouse Day was celebrated at Cape Leeuwin lighthouse for the first time in 2004.
The tip of the lantern vent is 85 feet high above the lake, has a three-story dwelling and is brick with a steel frame.
Landsort is a Swedish village with a lighthouse on the island of Öja.
The present structure was built in 1850.
The light was first illuminated on November 20, 1872 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
The Craighill Channel Lower Range Front Light, named for William Price Craighill, was the first caisson lighthouse built in the Chesapeake Bay in Maryland, USA.
The current tower is a skeletal structure that replaced the original 1835 brick and wood tower in 1895.
The island is only accessible by boat, and both the site and the tower are closed to the public.
The Tanga Island Front Range Lighthouse is located in the northeastern city of Tanga in Tanzania.
The keepers' house is roofless and in ruins.
The Belle Tout lighthouse is a decommissioned lighthouse and British landmark located at Beachy Head, East Sussex close to the town of Eastbourne.
Schubert was the last civilian lighthouse keeper in the United States.
In 1804 it was elevated and equipped with a lantern room containing a catoptric lighting device with 24 lamps and reflectors.
It was visible from 13 miles at sea.
The tower is the oldest surviving wooden lighthouse tower in the United States, and the oldest in Rhode Island still standing at its original location.
Feistein Lighthouse is a coastal lighthouse in Rogaland county, Norway.
When it was automated in 1980, it was the last manned offshore light in the Great Lakes.
It has a large circular observation room.
It is designed to lead ships into Milford Haven in conjunction with the West Blockhouse Point Beacons.
Other structures which still stand at the location are a circa 1930 privy and workshop built in the 1950s.
Originally, the platform was manned, accommodation being contained in the 'cabin section'.
The lighthouse was torn down in 1960; the site is now on the grounds of Naval Base Point Loma.
The Coast Guard made it an official navigational marker in 1979.
Cleveland East Ledge Light is a historic lighthouse in Falmouth, Massachusetts.
Capo Circeo Lighthouse is an active lighthouse in Lazio, Italy, located on Punto, about 3 kilometres west of San Felice Circeo.
The round cylindrical concrete tower with a gallery on top is located near the southeastern point of the island.
The lighthouse tower is 12.2 m tall, but the hilltop elevation gives a focal height of 87 m. The light range is 10 nautical miles.
The station was deactivated in 1934 and reactivated in 1987.
The Old Plantation Flats Light was a lighthouse located in the Chesapeake Bay marking the channel to Cape Charles, Virginia.
Since that time a new biform ML300 synchronised bifilament 20-watt electric lamp has been used.
It is a Grade II listed building.
Juodkrantė Lighthouse - a lighthouse on the Curonian Spit, on the Lithuanian coast of the Baltic Sea.
This massive lighthouse was constructed to carry a coal fire.
It is located about 10 kilometres north of Vandve, about 16 kilometres northwest of Dønnes, and about 11 kilometres south of Lovund.
The Cape Forchu Lighthouse is located in Cape Forchu, Nova Scotia.
The first through train ran from Saint Helier to La Corbière on 5 August 1885.
At times the key has been substantial enough to have trees, and in 1900 nine to twelve thousand terns nested on the island.
The lightsource and lantern house were originally to be used at Cape Leeuwin but were then built in on Rottnest Island.
It was erected in response to an increasing number of shipwrecks on the treacherous rocks off the western coast of Guernsey.
The Rose home is also on the Historic Register.
It is the only tower of its type in New England, the next similar tower is to be found at Coney Island, New York.
Sletringen Lighthouse is a lighthouse just off coast of Titran in the municipality of Frøya in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.
By 2009, the small buildings were severely damaged by the pressure of the sand and were later removed.
A new light was built in 1945, and it was automated in 1950.
It was deactivated in 1934 and is now a private residence.
In later years it was shorn of its lantern, but it remains in use.
The lighthouse is painted red with one white horizontal band.
Cape Brett Lighthouse is a lighthouse at Cape Brett in the Northland Region of the North Island of New Zealand.
Since then it has run on mains electricity.
The United States Coast Guard has replaced the lighthouse with a solar powered light beacon.
Woodman Light, also known as Woodman Point Lighthouse, Gage Roads Lighthouse and Coogee Lighthouse, is a lighthouse in Western Australia.
A square tower, painted white with a red horizontal stripe, was built in 1914.
Its cast iron superstructure was exhibited at the 1876 Centennial Exposition in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
The Cape Disappointment Light is a lighthouse on Cape Disappointment near the mouth of the Columbia River in the U.S. state of Washington.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
It is located at the southern end of Wide Bay, 70 kilometres north of Noosa Heads, Queensland, Australia.
The Manana Island Sound Signal Station is an active fog signal station on Manana Island, Maine, United States.
Trinity House used an old light tower from elsewhere for two years whilst a new structure was rebuilt further inland.
Besides being an important aid to night navigation in the vicinity, the tower serves as a symbol and a landmark for the City of Genoa.
Orient Long Beach Bar Light is a lighthouse off Orient, New York.
It is located at the junction of Chatham Street and Janadhipathi Mawatha in Colombo fort.
It survived a fire in its original oil-fired lamp just six days after commissioning and today operates a 150-watt lamp.
Greater Bunbury includes four local government areas, and extends between Yarloop in the north, Boyanup to the south and Capel to the southwest.
The Seven Stones lightvessel also acts as an automatic weather station.
It is situated on the south shore of the Saint Lawrence River at the top of a steep cliff.
It is in the town of St.George.
It was built at the national level by the government of China.
The tower is a 33.8 high concrete structure with square cross section.
Restored by the Ponce de Leon Inlet Lighthouse Preservation Association, the lighthouse became a National Historic Landmark in 1998.
Villa Lighthouse is located on the island of Villa in the Folda sea.
At 171 feet it is the tallest lighthouse in the state of New Jersey and is the third-tallest masonry lighthouse in the United States.
But the highest elevated still original and active Spanish era lighthouse in the country.
Filtvet Lighthouse is a coastal lighthouse in the municipality of Hurum in Buskerud, Norway.
The lighthouse is situated on the bluffs overlooking the lake in Lighthouse Park east of downtown Erie.
The lighthouse was sold by auction into private hands on 2007.
After the war, a temporary wooden tower was built and the Fresnel lens, having survived the destruction of the old tower, was transferred to this structure.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Monhegan Island Lighthouse and Quarters on May 7, 1980, reference number 80000239.
The Kinkasan Lighthouse was one of 26 lighthouses designed and built in Meiji period Japan by the British engineer Richard Henry Brunton.
Halfway Rock Lighthouse is a lighthouse located on a barren ledge in Casco Bay, Maine.
In 1969 the Coast Guard removed the Fresnel lens and replaced it with a 24 inches DCB-224 aerobeacon which is still used today.
Seaton Carew lighthouses were a pair of leading light towers built in Seaton Carew to guide ships into the River Tees.
It was designed by William P. Anderson as one in a series of nine buttressed lighthouses built in Canada around 1910.
Twin Lights is listed on the State and National Register of Historic Places.
Originally it had been built at the end of a long wooden pier on the west side.
It guides ships outgoing from Mackay into Hydrographers Passage, a deep water channel east of Mackay.
The coast by Sletterhage Ligthouse is visited by anglers and divers.
In 1945 the Coast Guard turned over ownership of the light to the town.
It is across from the Kadıköy İnciburnu Feneri, which is on the Anatolian coast of the strait at a distance of 1.5 nmi.
The site can be visited by an adjacent public footpath.
The Evangelistas Lighthouse is one of the most exposed, isolated and least accessible in the world.
Only the first built 'high' light now remains.
The Rose Island Light, built in 1870, is on Rose Island in Narragansett Bay in Newport, Rhode Island in the United States.
It is not far from L'Anse Amour, and was completed in 1857.
It was completed in 1883, and taken out of service in 1975 in favor of the offshore Kullagrundet Lighthouse.
Today the tower is one of the best-known symbols of East Frisia.
It was the third lighthouse to be constructed in Australia, and it is also Australia's oldest continuously used pilot station.
A fourth order Fresnel lens was installed in 1900.
The White Shoal Light is a lighthouse located 20 miles west of the Mackinac Bridge in Lake Michigan.
In the summer season there is regular daily boat service from Bönhamn to Högbonden.
The 11 metres three-storey wood structure is one of two major lighthouses in Toronto harbour.
It was originally proposed to construct a second order lighthouse on the Savage Islands, which lie 165 km north of Tenerife.
But the sovereignty of the islands was an issue, so a first order light was commissioned at Punta de Anaga instead.
Can be seen from South Beach, Staten Island and from Coney Island boardwalk; accessible by boat only.
Nojimazaki Lighthouse is a lighthouse located at the southern tip of the Bōsō Peninsula, in the city of Minamibōsō, Chiba Prefecture Japan.
Fanad is a peninsula that lies between Lough Swilly and Mulroy Bay on the north coast of County Donegal in Ireland.
It is maintained by the Port Authority of Jamaica, an agency of the Ministry of Transport and Works.
Trinity House provides tours of the lighthouse year round.
The Prince's Bay Light is a lighthouse on the highest point of the southern shoreline of Staten Island, New York, in the Pleasant Plains neighborhood.
In conjunction with the lights at Pechiguera and Punta Martiño, it marks the narrow La Bocayna strait that separates Fuerteventura from the adjacent island of Lanzarote.
The Puerto de la Cruz Lighthouse is an active lighthouse in Puerto de la Cruz on the northern coast of Tenerife in the Canary Islands.
Capo dell'Armi Lighthouse is an active lighthouse in Reggio Calabria, southern Italy.
In 1953, a rear range light was put up on Mt.
When the lighthouse was built in the nineteenth century, it was used as a navigational aid, with its walls more than half a metre thick.
The Doubling Point Range Lights are a pair of range lights on the Kennebec River, in Arrowsic, Maine.
Located in Chequamegon Bay of Lake Superior, it is owned and managed by the U.S. Coast Guard.
Initially, it was lit by kerosene that was later replaced by Dalén light using carbide.
The Cleft's tower contains a stair railing from the original keeper's dwelling at Yaquina Head Light.
The 18 meter tall lighthouse tower is painted with black and white alternating bands.
Further west, to the part bordering Fulwell, are cul-de-sacs with semi-detached bungalows, these being owned mainly by members of Roker's sizeable elderly population.
The first 25-foot rubblestone lighthouse and dwelling were built on the bluffs of West Chop in 1817.
It was built in 1868 and abandoned around 1876.
Race Point Light is a historic lighthouse on Cape Cod, in Provincetown, Massachusetts; it is on the National Register of Historic Places.
The lighthouse marks the Hiiu Shoal and warns ships away from the shoreline.
A new LED beacon was installed externally on the balcony of the lighthouse in December 2008.
It is open for tours from July 1 to Labour Day.
It is operated by the Australian Maritime Safety Authority and is classified by the National Trust of Australia.
Access is by walking from the dock at the La Pointe station along the beach.
It is the oldest operative lighthouse on the mainland along Germany's North Sea shore and is counted among the city's landmarks.
The new light was placed in commission on January 12, 1922.
And in 16/17 season they won the NPL premier division finishing on 101 points.
The lighthouse was listed in a survey in 1924, but has since disappeared.
Listed in the Library of Congress, Historic American Buildings Survey, WI-325 and WI-325-A.
The grounds are open to the public, but the lighthouse itself is not.
Cape Liptrap Lighthouse stands upon the rocky cliff top of Cape Liptrap peninsula, on a solitary part of the South Gippsland coastline.
It is approximately 3 miles long and approximately 1 mile wide.
Built in 1885-1886 at the south end of Joe Flogger Shoal, it was the first lighthouse to be built using a pneumatic caisson.
The Leif Viking ran aground a few hundred feet from it in 1962; there were no injuries, although the ship was stranded for nine days.
It was established in 1876 and automated in 1979.
At a height of 201 feet it is the twenty-second tallest "traditional lighthouse" in the world.
It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
It replaced the Cape Forestier Lighthouse which had been situated nearby on another headland jutting off the Freycinet Peninsula known as Lemon Rock.
It is placed on the beach protected by several seawalls placed as erosion control.
The lighthouse was completed in 1890 on property formerly belonging to the naturalist, oceanographer, and zoologist Alexander Agassiz of Harvard University.
The Bell Rock Lighthouse, off the coast of Angus, Scotland, is the world's oldest surviving sea-washed lighthouse.
The lantern from the old lighthouse eventually ended up mounted on a private lighthouse in Key Largo.
The light is in operation from 16 July until 21 May every year.
The light was auctioned a second time in September 2010 and finally sold for $195,000 to Sheridan Reilly.
It is open for tours in the summer season.
The structure is a square tower, composed of pink granite from Ploumanac'h, with a semicircular projection towards the coast.
The tower was built from limestone, it is 21 metres tall.
As a result, tourism and some forms of fishing remain the mainstay of its economy.
This coincided with the opening of the Baileys Harbor Range Lights and Cana Island Lighthouse in 1870.
Designed by Italian architect Francesco da Cremona, the project was completed in 1538.
At the time of building it was one of three lights in the Isles of Scilly, the others being the Bishop Rock and St Agnes lighthouse.
The Punta Moscarter Lighthouse is an active lighthouse, near Portinatx on the northern coast of the Spanish island of Ibiza.
The site is not open to the public.
Cape Beale Lightstation is an active manned lighthouse on Vancouver Island in British Columbia., Canada.
Its construction was completed and it became operational in 1874.
The Giordan, Ġordan or Ta' Ġurdan Lighthouse is an active lighthouse on the Maltese island of Gozo.
Vittoria Light also known as the Victory Lighthouse, is an active lighthouse in Trieste, Italy, serving the Gulf of Trieste.
It is located on the small North Frisian island of Oland.
Today it is the only operational lighthouse with a bed and breakfast.
The island is accessible by boat, and the site is open, but the tower is closed to the public.
Fårö Lighthouse is a Swedish lighthouse located on the easternmost tip of Fårö.
Inubōsaki Lighthouse is a lighthouse on Cape Inubō, in the city of Chōshi, Chiba Prefecture Japan.
Pirotan Island is an Arabian Sea island in the Marine National Park, Jamnagar District of Gujarat state, India.
The lighthouse was listed as a protected site in 1997, and was automated in 2003.
It is at present the second oldest lighthouse in Scotland.
Duxbury Pier Light was built in 1871 on the north side of the main channel in Plymouth Harbor to mark the dangerous shoal off Saquish Head.
Though the Coast Guard made efforts at maintaining and restoring the structure from 1988 to 1990, it continued to deteriorate.
In 1969 the lens and lantern were destroyed.
Restoration work conducted in 2008 ensured it was weatherproof and secure from vandalism.
Bugle Caye Lighthouse is a lighthouse in Belize.
The Duluth South Breakwater Outer Light is a lighthouse at the end of the south breakwater of the Duluth Ship Canal.
After World War II a new, weaker lamp was installed, which was replaced by a stronger lamp in 1952.
In 1949, the light was fully automated.
When the mariner sees the lights vertically in line, he is on the range line.
The rear tower was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
It is on the Mispillion River near Delaware Bay.
The Dueodde Lighthouse is located on the Danish island of Bornholm.
The occulting light can be seen for about 18.6 nautical miles.
Three months after it was first lit, with William Moore as the keeper, it was badly damaged by a storm.
The original lens was a fourth order Fresnel lens installed in 1856.
Stroma is an island off the northern coast of the mainland of Scotland.
Ferries regularly pass it on their way to Mackinac Island, and it is a recognizable icon of the upper Great Lakes.
The lighthouse staircase has 71 steps and the light has an average range of 24 nautical miles.
According to the 2011 UK census, the town had a population of 13,213, a decrease on the 2001 UK census figure of 13,594.
A new lighthouse was constructed in 20th century by the government of India.
Pencarrow Head Lighthouse is a decommissioned Lighthouse at Pencarrow Head in the Wellington Region of the North Island of New Zealand.
First established in 1827, the present surviving structures date to 1857.
It is located at the easternmost point of the island, in the village of Siasconset.
The southernmost tip is known as Spurn Head or Spurn Point and is the home to an RNLI lifeboat station and two disused lighthouses.
It is located a few kilometres north of the village of French River.
The light gradually lost importance as Plymouth Harbor silted up and lost most of its traffic.
It was first lit by the Spanish government in 1893.
The old light gradually deteriorated and was replaced in 1982 by a white fiberglass tower.
The lighthouse can be reached via a 3.5-mile hike from the Dike Bridge or by four-wheel drive vehicle.
Kvanhovden Lighthouse is a coastal lighthouse located in the municipality of Flora in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.
The lighthouse's duties were given to the Fort Wadsworth Light in 1903.
In 1966 the lighthouse was moved slightly.
The structure consists of a free-standing lattice tower with the stair shaft inside.
The present lighthouse is a replica built by local highschool students.
The government constructed a new 42-foot brick tower in 1857 with a fog bell added in 1878.
The former lightkeeper's dwelling now serves as living quarters for the Menemsha Coast Guard Station.
It is listed as Los Angeles Light in the USCG Lights list.
The East End Light is a lighthouse located at the east end of Grand Cayman island in the Cayman Islands.
Located at the extreme southwestern end of the island, it was constructed in 1950 to replace an earlier tower destroyed during World War II.
The light station was established in 1832.
Poolbeg Lighthouse in Dublin Bay was built in 1768 and initially operated on candlepower but changed to oil in 1786.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006, and the state inventory list the same year.
It was named to the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.
The Erie Land Light was sold to the city of Erie in 1934 and was documented by the Historic American Buildings Survey in 1936.
The lighthouse started its operation in 1907.
The light source was modified on 30 April 2003.
The lighthouse warns ships of the rocks in treacherous Bass Strait.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
The light can be seen from all directions for up to 18.8 nautical miles.
Wood End Light Lookout Station is a historic lighthouse, located at the southwest end of Long Point in Provincetown, Massachusetts.
It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
It marks the entrance to the Albany Passage.
The ruins remain and are listed on the National Heritage List.
The Cape Florida Light is a lighthouse on Cape Florida at the south end of Key Biscayne in Miami-Dade County, Florida.
The new light uses LED technology and sits on a steel skeletal tower, atop four piles.
Double Island Point Light became automatic the following year.
Application was made to list the lighthouse on the National Register of Historic Places in 2014.
At the start of the 20th century it was decided that a fog signal was required in the area of Malin Head.
Smygehuk Lighthouse is a lighthouse in Trelleborg Municipality in Sweden.
It was moved to the Shelburne Museum in Shelburne, Vermont in 1956.
It is located at the port of Saint-Pierre, on Point Penmarc'h, on the southwestern corner of Finistère and the northwestern entrance to the Bay of Biscay.
The museum is open seasonally, and is located at 129 Second Street.
The light was built in 1917 and deactivated in 1996.
Farallon Island Light is a lighthouse on Southeast Farallon Island, California.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places as Graves Light Station on September 28, 1987, reference number 87002041.
The Cape Fear lighthouse was then demolished because it was believed that if the deactivated tower remained standing it could confuse mariners.
The Skerries Lighthouse was first lit on the highest point of the largest island in The Skerries, Isle of Anglesey after 1716.
The Whitby Fog Signal located adjacent to the lighthouse has been deactivated, and the building is also now used as holiday accommodation.
The opening of this aid to navigation resulted in the deactivation of the Point Iroquois Light in 1962.
A new lighthouse was eventually needed and a total of $7,500 was appropriated on July 7, 1838.
It is operated by the Australian Maritime Safety Authority.
The Minnesota Point Light was a historic lighthouse on Minnesota Point in Duluth, Minnesota, on the shores of Lake Superior.
It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Eldred Rock Lighthouse.
The lighthouse was built in 1931 and automated in 1959.
Stawa Młyny - a beacon in the shape of a windmill in Świnoujście, West Pomeranian Voivodeship; in Poland.
Its focal plane 59 feet, and its characteristic is a continuous red light.
Its distinctive shape is easily recognised as it comprises a large platform supported by a single pillar rising out of the water.
There is a 3 1⁄2 order Fresnel lens on display.
Digerudgrunnen Lighthouse was a coastal lighthouse in the inner Oslofjord, in the municipality of Frogn in Akershus, Norway.
It is situated on Cape San Pablo, at a very characteristic isolated mountain that is a prominent formation on the coast line.
The western part of the island is covered with pine forest and various Mediterranean growth.
The stations are listed in the order they are read in the forecast, the numbers in brackets refer to the map on the right.
The 10-metre tall square wooden tower is white with a red lantern at the top.
This is approximately 4 to 5 feet deep at low tide and does have a current, so crossing on foot or by swimming is not advisable.
Also, on the site is the Pilothouse from the Frontenac ore boat, which contains an exhibit on its history and shipwrecks.
The Prince's Bay Lighthouse was deactivated in August 1922 after the installation of acetyline lights in Raritan Bay made the former lighthouse obsolete.
It was renovated from August 2009 to March 2013, and was made climbable by the public.
The lighthouse was constructed by Frank Thurwanger at a cost of $2,663 on an area of land just west of Boathouse Row.
Baccalieu Island is a 5 km2 uninhabited island at the northern extremities of Conception Bay in Subdivision 1G, near the community of Red Head Cove, Canada.
The light sits at an elevation of 39.5 metres and it emits a white flash of light every four seconds.
The larger settlement of Mazo lies 8 km to the north-west.
The lighthouse has the largest focal length throughout Polish lighthouses.
Marie Airport but has since been decommissioned and the antenna taken down due to high maintenance costs.
The point marks the western limit of the Bristol Channel with the Atlantic Ocean continuing to the west.
It is not lit during the summer due to the midnight sun in Norway.
This lighthouse was built privately by a person who has a general interest in lighthouses.
It is 24 miles from the nearest land, making it the most distant lighthouse in the United States.
Landing conditions are very difficult, and nowadays service calls are made via helicopter.
It is the third fully documented lighthouse to be built at Cape May Point.
To deter vandalism, a uniformed mannequin officer was placed in the window and the boat basin removed.
The lighthouse serves as a signal on the shipping routes between the Estonian town of Kunda and the Finnish town of Porvoo.
The original lens from the Cape Charles lighthouse is on display at the Mariners' Museum in Newport News, Virginia.
It is positively one of Michigan's most recognizable landmarks.
It became the last lighthouse in Alaska to be automated on August 14, 1984.
It replaced a previous Cream City brick lighthouse constructed in 1855 that was located too close to the edge of the eroding bluff.
The Mukilteo Light is an operational navigation aid located on the east side of Possession Sound at Mukilteo, Snohomish County, Washington, in the United States.
Barangays Biga and Behia which administer the island are two of the 34 barangays of the said municipality.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
The lighthouse and surrounding buildings, which include residences, outhouse, a well, and engine house are proposed protected as a national park.
It is part of Fort Pulaski National Monument and can be reached from that site.
The foundation for the light was built nearby on land, then floated to the site and sunk.
It displays a white light which occults once every 4 seconds.
The combination of the Point Adams Light with the Cape Disappointment Lighthouse on the north side of the river effectively framed the entrance to the Columbia.
There has been a lighthouse here since 1812.
It consists of small villages such as Tamney, Rossnakill and has a bordering village called Kerrykeel.
The Tarpaulin Cove Light is a historic lighthouse on Naushon Island, one of the Elizabeth Islands of southern Massachusetts.
The present fiberglass tower was erected in 1983 to replace a skeletal tower first lit in 1971.
The Long Tail Point Light, also known as the Tail Point Light, was a lighthouse in Green Bay, Wisconsin, USA.
Mystic Seaport Light is a lighthouse at the south end of Mystic Seaport, 2 miles upriver from Noank, Connecticut.
The majority of the houses in Roker are terraced or semi-detached.
Close to the lighthouse is Tyskertårnet, the German Tower, a watch point built during WW2 for surveillance of the Kattegat in occupied Denmark.
Point King Lighthouse was a lighthouse located on the northern entrance to Princess Royal Harbour in Albany in the Great Southern region of Western Australia.
The Cape Bruny Lighthouse is an inactive lighthouse located at the southern tip of Bruny Island, Tasmania, Australia.
Until 1985 SOK, Søværnets Operative Kommando, the Danish Navy Command, had a monitoring station at the lighthouse, where passing ships where identified.
The working of the lighthouse has been automated since 1988.
Cape Spear, located on the Avalon Peninsula near St. John's, Newfoundland, is the easternmost point in Canada, and North America, excluding Danish-controlled Greenland.
The lantern was painted white rather than orange or red, in order to make the sunrise and sunset more apparent.
The Stannard Rock Light, completed in 1883, is a lighthouse located on a reef that was the most serious hazard to navigation on Lake Superior.
Built to withstand winds of 125 miles per hour, the focal plane of the light is 163 feet above mean sea level.
The original wooden storage building and keeper's house are a Township of Huron-Kinloss museum.
It is also a stone’s throw away from Saint Peter’s Pool that is famous for its natural beauty.
It was formally dedicated in August 31, 1967, but remained unlit due to active navigational regulations imposed by the United States Coast Guard.
The south cornerstone from the boundary survey remains in the seawall adjacent to the lighthouse.
It has modern instrumentation of electrification and an automatic system of shining mirrors that flash light every 15 seconds.
It was discontinued in 1933, replaced by a skeleton tower 200 ft west which remains an active aid to navigation.
Dunkirk lighthouse is an automated first order port lighthouse, the highest of this type in France.
Väderöbod is a lighthouse and an island in the southern part of Väderöarna archipelago located in Bohuslän, Sweden.
Griffiths now has no permanent inhabitants, but is connected to the mainland by a causeway and is accessible on foot.
The tower is 4.5 metres in diameter.
It was first built in 1889 and moved when the pier was extended in the early twentieth century.
Over the years, storms have damaged the lighthouse, shattered the lens, and eroded the rock.
It originally had 28 million candelas and was the second most powerful in the Western Hemisphere.
van Speijk Lighthouse is a lighthouse on the North Sea coast near Egmond aan Zee, in the municipality of Bergen, North Holland, in the Netherlands.
The island has a weather station, and wind observations from it is reported by the Swedish Meteorological and Hydrological Institute in their shipping forecast.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
The range is still active, and is one of the remotest light stations in Canada.
The lighthouse was listed on the Washington State Heritage Register and the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
The lighthouse at Kannur is still often referred to as the Cannanore lighthouse.
The lighthouse is located on a small islet about 6.5 kilometres northwest of the villages of Råket and Dyrnes on the main island of Smøla.
Kråkenes Lighthouse is a coastal lighthouse in Vågsøy Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane, Norway.
The lighthouse is in use from dusk until dawn every day from 1 July until 10 June each year.
The lighthouse is located on a small island about 1 kilometre off the southern tip of the main island of Karmøy.
It is accessible by boat or from land over the abutting breakwater.
The light marked the entrance to Guánica Bay and bridge the gap between Los Morrillos Light and Caja de Muertos Light.
The lighthouse also houses a smaller sector light that is used to guide vessels to and from the fishing harbour.
Taking approximately 2½ years to construct, it was constructed from stone quarried from Craigree and Barnton.
The lighthouse cottage currently serves as the residence for park rangers.
Grindel Point Light is a lighthouse in Islesboro, Maine, marking the west entrance to Gilkey Harbor at the westernmost point of the eponymous island.
The Seven Foot Knoll Light was built in 1855 and is the oldest screw-pile lighthouse in Maryland.
The tower has the form of a two-staged octagonal prism.
The focal plane of the light is 7.6 metres, and it can be seen from a distance of 3.5 nautical miles.
The lighthouse warns approaching vessels of rocks in Bass Strait by emitting a flash of white light every five seconds.
It was first lit in 1867 and served, except for a brief period of inactivity, until being dismantled in 1963.
The lighthouse was finished and commissioned on November 1, 1854.
The lighthouse was reconstructed and furthermore renovated in the 1990s.
Its international serial number is C 2588.
Heceta Head Light is a lighthouse on the Oregon Coast 13 miles north of Florence, and 13 miles south of Yachats in the United States.
The Haig Point Range Lights were built in 1873 and were maintained as an official aid to navigation until about 1924.
The actual light is 25 feet above Mean High Water.
In 1907 the lighthouse keeper became Artur Toom, which founded the first protected area in the small island of Vaika.
It was established in 1859 and automated in 1978.
The Galley Head Lighthouse is an active 19th century lighthouse outside of Rosscarbery, County Cork, on the south coast of Ireland.
The lighthouse has a pitched roof, a black and green copper construction.
It is located on the Varanger Peninsula along the Barents Sea, about 5 kilometres east of the village of Berlevåg.
A line connecting the two lighthouses marks the southern boundary of the Port of Istanbul.
The lighthouse was opened in January 1977.
The Hunting Island Light is located in Hunting Island State Park on Hunting Island near Beaufort, South Carolina.
The reef is a dangerous set of rocks off the coast of Fishers Island on Long Island Sound and was the site of many shipwrecks.
Most of the foundation was prefabricated in Philadelphia, and was sent, along with the construction crew, down the Bay from Baltimore on April 23, 1854.
It is interesting because it was originally a screwpile lighthouse that was later converted to concrete caisson foundation.
It also houses the meteorological department and was restricted to visitors.
The 11-metre-tall tower has a range of 11 nautical miles.
It was the companion to the Point Wilson Light, which sits four miles away on Admiralty Inlet's western shore.
The square pyramidal light tower is 45 feet tall, made of white painted brick and is topped with a 10-sided lantern.
The Middle Island Light is a lighthouse located on Middle Island in Lake Huron, about 10 miles north of Alpena, Michigan.
Constructed in 1858, it was decommissioned in 1929 and replaced with a lightship.
Glåpen Lighthouse is a coastal lighthouse in the municipality of Moskenes in Nordland county, Norway.
It remains an active light, owned and maintained by the US Coast Guard.
The Şile Feneri, a historical lighthouse still in use, is located on the western Black Sea coast in the northeast town Şile of Istanbul Province, Turkey.
Originally built to guide shipping through the Mississippi Sound, it was discontinued as traffic moved further south.
In 1952 the Commissioners of Irish Lights decided to update the fog signal the lighthouse.
The lighthouse was established in 1908, destroyed during World War II in 1944, rebuilt from 1946–1948, and automated in 2004.
The octagonal wooden tower is maintained by the Canadian Coast Guard who employ lighthouse keepers at the station.
If it were still standing it would be one of the ten tallest lighthouses in the US.
It was constructed in 1880 and automated in 1984.
The lighthouse is used as a dormitory for students.
One of the residences now serves as a research station.
Museum exhibits and other functions are operated by the city of Pacific Grove, Monterey County, California.
The Phare de l'Espiguette is a 27-metre-high square tower.
Akko Light or Acre Light, is an active lighthouse in the port of Acre, Israel.
The Westerlichttoren or West Schouwen is a lighthouse in Haamstede, Netherlands.
While the area around the light is accessible by foot, the lighthouse itself is not open to the public.
Halfway Rock Light was added to the National Register of Historic Places as Halfway Rock Light Station on March 14, 1988.
It was first lit in 1892 and automated in 1989.
The site is accessible, and the lighthouse is available for tours during the summer months from noon until 4 p.m. Mondays, Fridays, and Saturdays.
It was the last major light station to be built on the west coast.
Today the keeper's house is a private residence to an artist and contains an art studio and showroom.
Cannanore is the old English name for the town named Kannur.
The lighthouse is positioned west of the Rock of Gibraltar, on the Detached Mole at the north entrance to Gibraltar Harbour.
The light helps guide shipping into Kingston Harbour.
After an additional storey was added to the tower due to a raise of the sea dike in 1980, the tower is now 12.5 m tall.
The Keel Row Shopping Centre, opened in 1991, brought major high street retailers to Blyth, and helped to revitalise the town centre.
It is now located in a museum in the city.
While the cast iron tower was undamaged, the rest of the structure, the light, and the fog signal were destroyed.
Peninnis Lighthouse is situated on Peninnis Head, St Mary's, Isles of Scilly.
The site is usually open to visitors who are normally permitted to climb the 31-metre-high tower.
The tower was replaced in 1912 by a skeleton tower that was subsequently modified in 1927.
Haugjegla Lighthouse is a coastal lighthouse located in Smøla Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
Also on the premises were two oil houses, a tramway, a brownstone tramway engine building, a dock, wooden boathouse and a radio beacon.
Another precious lens optic is displayed there, the second order Fresnel lens of the Jarman Island Light, as well as the original Great Sandy Islands beacon.
In 1801 the first 35-foot wooden Cape Poge Lighthouse was built for $2,000.
The Punta del Castillete lighthouse is an active lighthouse on the Canary island of Gran Canaria.
Fitzroy Island Light is an inactive lighthouse on Fitzroy Island, a continental island 29 kilometres southeast of Cairns, Queensland, Australia.
It is in the commune of Plouguerneau, in the département of Finistère.
The lighthouse has a racon signal, emitting a morse code "O".
A large board at the top of the tower contains a vertical black and white daymark.
It has also been designated under the Heritage Lighthouse Protection Act.
The Outer Banks are a group of barrier islands on the North Carolina coast that separate the Atlantic Ocean from the coastal sounds and inlets.
Eluanbi Lighthouse is a lighthouse located on Cape Eluanbi, the southernmost point of Taiwan, to the south of Hengchun in Pingtung County, Taiwan.
Grassy Island Light is a lighthouse located on Grassy Island, Michigan.
The platform was built by the blind Irish engineer Alexander Mitchell, with the lighthouse itself designed by George Halpin.
Deer Island Thorofare Light, also known as Mark Island Light, is a lighthouse on Penobscot Bay, Maine, about 1.8 nautical miles west-southwest of Stonington.
Træna Lighthouse is a coastal lighthouse in the municipality of Træna in Nordland county, Norway.
At least four towers have been built on Cape Poge, with many moves.
This lighthouse was replaced in 1901 by a cylindrical granite tower built on the rear still active and in good condition.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
It serves as the landfall light for Conakry.
The Lamberts Point Light was finally extinguished on December 31, 1892, the same year that Bush's Bluff was marked with a lightvessel.
It is the third iteration of what was originally a lightship, the Aurora Borealis, and remains an aid to navigation.
The lighthouse's glare configuration flashes a white glare every 1.5 seconds.
The original tower had a height of 4.5 metres.
The light is the oldest wooden lighthouse in the United States.
It is located on the tiny island of Vestre Frekøy, in the mouth of the Vanylvsfjorden, about 2.5 kilometres southwest of the island of Kvamsøya.
September 13, 1928, Devastating Hurricane San Felipe II strikes, again the lighthouse stands firm, but the town housing is nearly totally destroyed.
The bank has at least a depth of 11 feet and is subject to strong currents and rough seas.
It lies on the coast, to the south of the River Blyth and is approximately 13 miles northeast of Newcastle upon Tyne.
An earlier light in the area was the St. Joseph Bay Light.
It marks the western entrance to the San Bernardino Strait coming in from Ticao Pass.
The lighthouse has a glare configuration of: 2.5 s glare, 6.5 s off.
The lighthouse is believed by some to be haunted.
A large part of the island is a nature reserve and it is rich of unusual flowers such as wild orchids.
It is the state's third-largest city, with a population just behind that of Mandurah.
The service was unable to compete against motor buses and the railway closed in 1935.
The location is the south-west extreme point of the Highland Boundary Fault as it crosses the Scottish mainland.
Under an agreement with the local Syddjurs municipality, the lighthouse buildings are open to the public and used for exhibitions.
The lighthouse was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
They were employed under a new law reserving the job of lighthouse keeper to those who had served in the war.
A radio style skeletal tower was built to replace the original structure.
Manakkodam lighthouse is situated in the Alappuzha district of Kerala near Cherthala.
The foundation is iron pilings with disks, and the tower is a skeletal octagonal pyramid of cast iron.
The Malpeque Outer Range Lights are a set of range lights on Prince Edward Island, Canada.
It was the only light in the bay moved to another location, becoming the Choptank River Light in 1921.
Constructed from granite, it stands 33.25 metres high and is a circular tower with straight sides.
It is located in the Vestfjorden in the Helligvær islands, about 25 kilometres northwest of the town of Bodø.
Another is the William Livingtone Memorial Light.
The Yeni Kale Lighthouse — is an active lighthouse on Cape Fonar near Yeni-Kale fortress in eastern Crimea on the shore of Kerch Strait.
The lighthouse at Waugoshance protects boats from a shoal area at the northern end of Lake Michigan.
Guánica Light was a historic lighthouse located in the town of Guánica, Puerto Rico in the Guánica State Forest.
It is located on Bathurst Point, in the north east of the island, and was activated in 1900.
In 1890, a more efficient light was installed in the High Light, allowing the South Light to be deactivated.
Baring Head Lighthouse is a concrete Lighthouse at Baring Head in the Wellington Region of the North Island of New Zealand, powered by LED beacon.
The first light, a sparkplug type light, was lit in 1890.
It was erected in 1952 to replace a light beacon from 1892.
The historic tower has been abandoned; the beacon is now mounted on an adjacent new truss tower.
The lens were transferred from the old Hoek van Holland High Light which was decommissioned in 1974.
Roche's Point Lighthouse is situated at the entrance to Cork Harbour, Ireland.
Værøy Lighthouse is a coastal lighthouse in the municipality of Værøy in Nordland county, Norway.
As of 2003 the lighthouse has been restored and relighted using a reproduction fourth-order Fresnel lens.
The fishing port developed during the Middle Ages, supporting important herring and whaling fleets, and was where Captain Cook learned seamanship.
In 1877 the brick tower was razed and replaced with a boilerplate iron tower on top of a stairwell in the fort.
It is also home to the only known fog signal trumpet tower, built in 1889.
The lighthouse was subsequently destroyed by cannonball fire in the Battle of Mobile Bay during the Civil War.
They work in tandem with the Warren Landing Upper Range Lights.
The tower is 16.8 metres high, and the light has a height of 31 metres above sea level.
The white light is always on, emitting a 79,000 candela light, and every 40 seconds it flashes a much brighter 2,070,000 candela light.
The lighthouse was automated and keepers withdrawn in 1975.
The keeper's house is an example of Queen Anne style architecture, although its historic detailing are obscured by a major addition to the building in 1968.
The lighthouse, owned by the Swedish Maritime Administration, is automated and unmanned.
A fog horn was added in 1919 and it was electrified in 1960.
The lighthouse has been active since 1867; its construction began in 1862.
Galle Lighthouse is an onshore Lighthouse in Galle, Sri Lanka and is operated and maintained by the Sri Lanka Ports Authority.
It was built in 1917 and automated in 1994.
The lighthouse tower has a white square shape with a lantern and a gallery, 14 m high.
Mullaitivu Lighthouse was a lighthouse in Mullaitivu in northern Sri Lanka.
While no longer used, the lighthouse was restored in 2002 as operational and is listed an official heritage building.
In the 1970s the light was sold to The American Lighthouse Foundation, and is today managed by the Friends of Pomham Rocks Lighthouse.
By 1977, the cast-iron lantern had deteriorated beyond repair and was removed.
On October 2, 2012; the National Park Service accepted ownership of the light.
The site was established in 1826, and the original lighthouse was lit in 1869.
There were two keepers of the lighthouse: Ann Edson and William Haynes.
Wood Island Light is Maine's second oldest lighthouse and the nation's eleventh oldest.
The first Brandaris was built in 1323, but it was destroyed in 1570.
Coquille River Light is a lighthouse located near Bandon, Oregon, United States.
The lighthouse was built in 1877 and automated in 1974.
Donated by the Coast Guard in 2007 to the National Park System.
The Front Range Light is located at the western edge of Munising north of M-28.
Due to numerous amount of birds, the island was declared an ornithological reserve.
The light was an alternate flashing red and white with an interval between flashes of 10 seconds.
The structure is round cylindrical concrete rising from a 2-story circular base.
The 34-metre tall round cast iron tower is centered on a 2-story concrete block keeper's house.
It is located in a dockyard area on the waterfront and guides ships into the commercial harbor of Saint Petersburg.
The lighthouse is 39 metres tall with a focal plane height of 55 metres.
The University of Florida has leased 3.2 acres of the wildlife refuge, including the lighthouse, for use as a marine laboratory since 1952.
The 15 m tower is made of cast iron, painted red and features classical decorations.
The Phare d'Eckmühl, also known as Point Penmarc'h Light or Saint-Pierre Light, is an active lighthouse in Penmarc'h, Finistère department, Brittany, France.
New Dorp Light is on the National Register of Historic Places, with Reference #73001260 as New Dorp Light.
Keskiniemi Light is a square steel skeletal tower with white octagonal lantern and gallery.
In several nautical sources of the 19th Century it is also referred to as Stone Beacon or Stone Baak.
In 1876, a new octagonal iron tower was constructed atop the walls of the fort .
The Bamburgh Dunes, a Site of Special Scientific Interest, stand behind the beach.
The Farol da Ponta de São Lourenço is a lighthouse located on the islet of São Lourenço, marking the extreme east of Madeira island, Portugal.
At a height of 220 feet it is the eleventh-tallest "traditional lighthouse" in the world, as well as the tallest lighthouse in the Southern Hemisphere.
Today the Fort Sumter Range is the main approach channel to Charleston Harbor.
A pilot station was built next to the tower, currently the pilot station serves as a hotel.
It is the second highest light in Maine — only Seguin Light, on a significantly higher island, is higher.
The Friends of the Plum Beach Lighthouse designed, submitted and introduced an official License Plate to be distributed to any Rhode Island private passenger registration.
The lighthouse structure is 15.5 metres tall square pyramidal steel skeletal tower painted red, with enclosed lantern room on top, painted white.
The light has a racon showing the letter "B".
It was the last of the major lights to be constructed along the Queensland coast.
The building originally had a diaphone fog signal structure attached, and it was later removed.
Dow Chemical Company, which owned the surrounding property, purchased the lighthouse and site in 1986 and boarded it up.
Construction began in 1854, but it was not completed until 1858, and began service in the shipping season of 1859.
On the same block of land are two Federation Bungalow style keepers' cottage, also built of limestone.
The original lens is now at the Inland Seas Maritime Museum.
Whiteford Point Lighthouse is located off the coast at Whiteford Point near Whiteford Sands, on the Gower Peninsula, south Wales.
The Lage vuurtoren van IJmuiden is a round, cast-iron lighthouse in IJmuiden, Netherlands, designed by Quirinus Harder.
It is operated by the Victorian Channels Authority, part of the Port of Melbourne Corporation.
Rock Island Light is a lighthouse on Rock Island in the Saint Lawrence River in Jefferson County, New York, United States.
Andenes Lighthouse is a coastal lighthouse located at the northern end of the island of Andøya in the Vesterålen archipelago.
Following a multi-year fundraising campaign headed by local historian Theodore Wakefield, the replica was built by the Great Lakes Historical Society using $55,000 in public contributions.
It was first established in 1880, and was automated in 1973.
The White River Light is a lighthouse on Lake Michigan near the city of Whitehall, Michigan.
In 1965, the light was automated by the U.S. Coast Guard and powered by solar cells.
There were no lights in this area before 1979.
The grounds and tower are closed to the public, however they are visible from U.S. Route 101 near mile marker 166.
In 2002, the coastal artillery was formally liquidated at Söderarm, but still some islands are forbidden for the public to visit.
The Janes Island Light was a screw-pile lighthouse located near Crisfield in the U.S. state of Maryland.
The original 4th order Fresnel lens is still in use, one of only five original glass Fresnel lenses still in use in Massachusetts.
While it is certainly not extremely tall in lighthouse standards, the hill that it stands on is one of the highest on the island.
Starting in 1939 the Lighthouse Service duties were taken over by the United States Coast Guard.
The coast is eroded on average 1.5 metres a year, which can be seen most clearly at the nearby Mårup Church.
It is the only striking feature on Lågskär on the generally uninhabited island.
Delaware Breakwater Range Front Light was a lighthouse in Delaware, United States, on the Delaware Breakwater, Delaware Bay, Delaware.
The lighthouse was originally built in 1842 and it was rebuilt in 1894.
Originally constructed in 1851 and rebuilt in 1871 with a dwelling, it had a red-fixed light throughout its service life.
A sand and gravel ocean bank, named David Bank, is situated 5.25 miles from the lighthouse.
The position is a well used recreational fishing spot and a vantage point for ocean yacht racing or birdwatching.
Skokholm island, a Site of Special Scientific Interest, is owned and managed by the Wildlife Trust of South and West Wales.
Considered as one of the most challenging workplaces by the community of lighthouse keepers, it has been named "The Hell of Hells".
In June 2011, the General Services Administration made the Punta Tuna Light available at no cost to public organizations willing to preserve them.
It is listed on the South Australian Heritage Register since 1980.
Inishtrahull Lighthouse is the northerly most lighthouse in Ireland located on the Inishtrahull Island off the coast of County Donegal.
The first attempt to place a light on Rebecca Shoal was under the direction of Lt. George Meade starting in 1854.
Access to the top of the lighthouse is not allowed due to the simple steel spiral staircase being safe only for maintenance activity.
Qilaibi Lighthouse is one of several lighthouses in Taiwan.
Gjæslingan lighthouse stands on the islet of Haraldsøykråka in the island group Sør-Gjæslingan øya on the north side of the Foldafjord.
It is owned and operated by the Florida Department of Environmental Protection.
It is a tower-on-caisson type known as a sparkplug lighthouse.
The Langara Point Lighthouse is a manned lighthouse located atop a scenic bluff on the northwest corner of Langara Island.
Not to be confused with the Gull Rock Light in Lake Superior.
The first lighthouse was only 7.3 m high and it soon proved to be too low.
The light was a third order lighthouse that served as primary light connecting the island's southern and eastern lights system.
This is the narrowest point on the Tsugaru Strait and the light from this lighthouse can be seen across the strait in Hokkaido.
It is deactivated, and its lamp and lens have been removed, but the lighthouse is open to the public as part of a National Wildlife Refuge.
The tower is known locally as the "Pepperpot" because of its likeness.
The light was deactivated and replaced by a skeleton tower in 1975.
The original lens was a sixth order Fresnel lens.
The light was designed by United States Lighthouse Board Eleventh District Chief Engineer Orlando Poe and constructed under the supervision of his successor, Godfrey Weitzel.
It was one of the most isolated lighthouses in Australia.
Standing approximately 300 metres off Godrevy Head, it marks the Stones reef, which has been a hazard to shipping for centuries.
The Detroit River Light, also known as Bar Point Shoal Light, was first established as a lightship in 1875.
It is located on a shallow geestland ridge overlooking the southern beach of Wyk.
The Sharps Island Light is the third lighthouse to stand nearly 3 miles south-southwest from the southern end of Tilghman Island in Maryland's Chesapeake Bay.
I never imagined seeing something so wild and desolate as those emerging dark rocks in the middle of the raging waves.
The Plum Gut Lighthouse is a lighthouse between Plum Island and Long Island, New York.
It is one of eleven seacoast lights off the coast of Maine.
In this way the stones on the beach can be used to map ice sheet movements during glaciation periods.
Edgartown Harbor Light is a lighthouse located in Edgartown, Massachusetts, United States, where it marks the entrance to Edgartown Harbor and Katama Bay.
In 1874 Congress appropriated $15,000 to build a light station at the "Nubble" and in 1879 construction began.
St. Catherine's Lighthouse is one of the oldest lighthouse locations in Great Britain.
The River leads from the North Sea into Montrose Harbour and then into Montrose Basin.
The west side of the fjord is marked by the Hatholmen Lighthouse.
Odderøya Lighthouse is a coastal lighthouse located on the southwestern coast of the island of Odderøya in Kristiansand municipality in Vest-Agder county, Norway.
It is a twin of the slightly shorter Osinovetsky Light.
With 8,410 meters it is the longest range of the Unterelbe.
A 13-metre-tall lighthouse was erected at Cape Leveque in 1912.
The Board archives illustrate the precarious location of the lighthouse.
She is permanently anchored in 40 fathoms and is 2.5 miles north-east of the reef.
The lighthouse was designed by Axel Hampus Dalström as his fourth lighthouse and it was first lit in 1872.
Another tower, built immediately alongside in 1932, houses the now redundant fog signal.
The lighthouse is located at the summit of the island.
It was designed by leading Paris architect Louis de Foix, and is something of a Renaissance masterpiece, an amalgam of royal palace, cathedral and fort.
This resulted in the Mobile Point Lighthouse being downgraded to a harbor light, at the same time a fourth order Fresnel lens was installed.
The old building is now used as a museum and landmark.
The wooden structure is painted white with black trim.
An automated light is left in its place and operates on a piling in the water off of the original site.
Abruka Rear Lighthouse – a lighthouse located on the island of Abruka, in the region of Saaremaa in western Estonia.
It was made notable by the 1942 children's book The Little Red Lighthouse and the Great Gray Bridge by Hildegarde Swift, illustrated by Lynd Ward.
They were built in 1873, and deactivated in 1969; only the rear tower has survived.
It was built by John Donahoo who built many lighthouses in Maryland.
Entrance Island is a small rocky island in the Strait of Georgia located 841 metres due north of Gabriola Island.
It is located about 800 meters south of the Arctic Circle
Its 210-foot height makes it the tallest brick lighthouse structure in the United States and 29th in the world.
It is the only lighthouse in South Africa built on a single rock.
Bunbury is a coastal city in Western Australia, situated approximately 175 kilometres south of the state capital, Perth.
It is the southernmost lighthouse in New South Wales and Australia's first lighthouse built in concrete.
The Phare de Nividic is one of three major lightouses on Ouessant in Brittany.
It went on October 13, 1977 in service.
Eilean Glas Lighthouse is situated on the east coast of the island of Scalpay in the Outer Hebrides of Scotland.
Marblehead Lighthouse in Marblehead, Ohio, United States, is the oldest lighthouse in continuous operation on the United States side of the Great Lakes.
The 26,400-candela light emits a white, red, or green light occulting twice every 8 seconds.
It is named after Major-General George Charles D'Aguilar.
Blyth is a town and civil parish in southeast Northumberland, England.
In 1873 the lantern was replaced, adding three feet to the height of the tower.
The lighthouse was established by Fort Tompkins Military Base in 1828 to guide ships to Staten Island.
The Watts Island Light was a historic lighthouse located near Watts Island in the Chesapeake Bay.
The Anvil Point Lighthouse is a lighthouse located near Swanage in Dorset, southern England.
Fastnet Rock is a small clay-slate islet with quartz veins.
The landmark of Hillsborough Hill dominates the harbour and is the site of an Iron Age fortified settlement.
The Seul Choix Light is a lighthouse located in the northwest corner of Lake Michigan in Schoolcraft County, Michigan.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
The present tower was built in 1980, by engineer John Smith.
The first Corregidor Island Lighthouse was a historic lighthouse located on the island of Corregidor, in the province of Cavite, Philippines.
Although construction was completed in March 1943, the lighthouse was not lit until May 1944 due to concerns of possible enemy invasion.
It marks and the northern entrance to Jervis Bay.
The original light was constructed in 1856, and the light currently in use was constructed in 1870.
Mērsrags Lighthouse - a lighthouse located on the Bay of Riga, on the Latvian coast of the Baltic Sea.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
Point Arena Light is a lighthouse in Mendocino County, California, United States, two miles north of Point Arena, California.
The Melaka Light is an inactive lighthouse in Melaka City, in the state of Melaka, Malaysia.
Congress spent tens of thousands of dollars to no avail to prevent the erosion of the island.
The Kampen lighthouse is located on the geestland core of the German island of Sylt, south of Kampen.
The focal plane of the lightsource and Fresnel lens is situated 52 metres above sea level.
The current rear tower was built in 1961.
The lighthouse was first built in 1849, but it has been replaced twice since that time.
It is owned and operated by Maritime New Zealand.
The lighthouse complex was superseded by the North Manitou Shoal Light in 1935 and was privatized in 1938.
It has been replaced by a low powered solar light in front of the original tower whose focal plane is at 73 m above sea level.
It is operated by the Victorian Channels Authority, part of the Port of Melbourne Corporation.
The Swedish part of the island is itself divided by two counties of Sweden: Uppsala County and Stockholm County.
The Little Sable Point Light is a lighthouse located south of Pentwater in the lower peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan.
It is no longer an active aid to navigation.
In 2003, a grant was obtained to repair spalling of the exterior brick work on the fog signal building.
The lighthouse is only accessible by boat.
However, it is possible to walk out along the breakwater to view the structure and grounds.
Ocracoke   Light was built in Hyde County, on Ocracoke Island, North Carolina in 1823 by Massachusetts builder Noah Porter.
It is now a very popular tourist attraction.
The Yaquina Bay Light is a lighthouse built in 1871 soon after the founding of the city of Newport, Oregon, United States.
A stone lighthouse was built in 1808 at the initiative of Leontiy Spafaryev of the Russian Admiralty.
This optic revolved on mercury, producing an intensity of 670,000 candelas with a visibility range of 22 nautical miles.
Oak Orchard Light was a lighthouse that operated on the shores of Lake Ontario, in New York, United States, at Point Breeze from 1871 to 1916.
Donaghadee Lighthouse is a lighthouse in Donaghadee County Down, Northern Ireland.
A new lens, installed in 1868, is still in use.
On clear days Sanda can be seen from the southern tip of the Kintyre peninsula, from the Isle of Arran and from northeast County Antrim.
The light has a nominal range of 15 miles in the white sectors, and 10 miles in the red sectors.
The lighthouse was built in 1954, with a concrete structure.
This was subsequently replaced by a connection to the mains grid in 1967, although a diesel generator is retained for emergency power.
Matinicus Rock Light, is a lighthouse in on Matinicus Rock, a windswept rock 18 miles off the coast of Maine.
It is also notable in that due to the harsh conditions, only bachelors were allowed to serve as lighthouse keepers.
Long Point Light Station is an historic lighthouse at the northeast tip of Long Point in Provincetown, Massachusetts.
In this way the stones on the beach can be used to map ice sheet movements during glaciation periods.
Poplar Point Light, built in 1831, is an historic lighthouse in North Kingstown, Rhode Island.
Kenosha Light is a lighthouse located near Kenosha in Kenosha County, Wisconsin, USA.
Now automated, it continues to serve as an active aid to navigation.
Svartklubben is a Swedish lighthouse located on a small island east of the island Singö in the province of Uppland.
The Spanish steamer Valbanera sank in that same hurricane five miles east of Rebecca Shoals, with the loss of all 488 people aboard.
Fanad encompasses the parishes of Clondavaddog, Killygarvan and parts of Tullyfern and Aughinish.
The foundation of the lighthouse, shaped like a tomb, is the official Dutch memorial to Jan van Speyk, a hero to the Dutch people.
South Buffalo North Side Light is a lighthouse formerly located at the entrance to Buffalo Harbor, Buffalo, New York.
The lighthouse is located inside Leelanau State Park, 8 miles north of Northport, a town of about 650 people.
It is maintained by the Port Authority of Jamaica, an agency of the Ministry of Transport and Works.
Because of its location and ready access from the main highway, Pigeon Point entertains a large number of public visitors.
At the time of its construction, it was the world's tallest caisson lighthouse.
The New Dorp Lighthouse was decommissioned and boarded up in 1964.
The current lighthouse is a 34-foot replica of the previous Vermilion Lighthouse that had been removed in 1929.
Conversion for residential use included the removal of the 6th floor and the construction of stairs where there had previously only been ladders.
The light station was established in 1928 as a guide to the southern entrance to Frenchman Bay.
The Little Channel Range Lights were a set of range lights on Prince Edward Island, Canada.
The Cantick Head Lighthouse is an active 19th century lighthouse on the Scottish island of South Walls in the Orkney island.
The first light was a lightship put on station in 1838.
Throgs Neck Lighthouse in the Bronx, New York, United States was a wooden lighthouse that was replaced by an iron skeletal tower that is still there.
A $1.45 million restoration of the lighthouse it was completed in 2012.
It has a population of about 37,339.
The first and second were destroyed by storm and fire.
Later, fir-tree baskets filled with gravel, and big boulders to absorb the waves' energy.
Extinguished for seventy years, it was reactivated in 2002 to replace the skeleton tower erected next to it.
First established in 1829, the light was deactivated in 1937 and replaced by a skeleton tower 475 feet to the south.
The lighthouse is 41 metres in height and is constructed from Cornish granite prepared at Penzance, on the mainland of Cornwall.
It currently is automated and has an alternating green and white beacon every 10 seconds.
On each tower is an observation platform, from where there are unimpeded views over the island of Rügen, especially the Wittow peninsula.
Kõpu Lighthouse is one of the best known symbols and tourist sights on the Estonian island of Hiiumaa.
The Kızılada Lighthouse is an historical lighthouse still in use, which is located on the island Kızılada in the Gulf of Fethiye, southwestern Turkey.
The lighthouse was manned by two lighthouse-keepers until 1966 when it was electrified, with a backup generator and emergency battery.
The 14.4-metre tall light is mounted on the roof of a 1-1/2 story wood house where the keeper lived.
It was deactivated by the USCG in 1933.
A radar antenna for marine shipping was installed atop the lighthouse in 1987 supported on a steel space frame fixed at the original bolt locations.
It was finally burned down by the Lighthouse Service in 1912.
The current 37 feet tower was built when the light was first established in 1819.
It was first lit on 29 September 1822.
The beacon was removed in 1985, and now stands on the grounds of the Buffalo Light.
It is located between Abades and Poris de Abona, in the municipality of Arico.
The focal plane of the light source is located 36 m above sea level, the light's characteristic is a double flash every ten seconds.
It is not known why the official USCG name of the front light, Nantucket Reef Range Front Light includes the word "reef".
The adjacent south pier and breakwater also had lighthouses, but now have cylindrical navigational lights.
Cape Leveque is 240 kilometres north of Broome, and is remote with few facilities.
Located 10 miles from the mouth of the Fox River, it was erected to signal the entrance to Green Bay.
It is one of the oldest lighthouses in the world, having been in continuous use since its completion in 1531.
The 21-metre-high lighthouse is located atop a small island in the bay; one of the white sectors marks the proper line of entrance to the harbor.
However, this lighthouse was constructed of timber, and in 1898 these timbers were found to be decaying.
Volunteer opportunities, however, offer regular summer access through the Keepers of the Patos Light.
At 56 metres tall, it is one of the tallest lighthouses in the world and it was the first metallic lighthouse constructed in France.
It is one of only two wrought iron lighthouses in New South Wales, the other being its sibling, Wollongong Breakwater Lighthouse.
It was given a lantern which had been removed from Cat Island Light in Mississippi.
Ashkelon Marina Breakwater Light is a lighthouse in Ashkelon, Israel.
The lighthouse is managed as part of the Tomaree National Park.
The Williamstown Lighthouse is situated at Point Gellibrand, in the Melbourne suburb of Williamstown.
The lighthouse also emits a "G" Racon signal.
In 1954 the oil lamp was replaced with an electric one powered by a local diesel generator.
There were two lights at Plymouth and three at Nauset Beach.
Ovisi Lighthouse - a lighthouse located in Tārgale on the Latvian coast of the Baltic Sea.
The light began operation in 1869, making it one of the oldest surviving lighthouses in the Straits.
The lighthouse, completed in 1840 and renovated in the 1980s, remains one of Canada's oldest Lighthouses of a completely wooden construction.
There is a keeper's cottage situated to the southeast of the tower.
Fun fact: A man caught a lobster the size of his foot!
The lights were maintained as an official aid to navigation until 1922.
It was built between 1872 and 1874 to guide ships through the narrow South Channel and was occupied by lighthouse keepers until 1925.
The light itself sits 71 feet above mean high water.
The limestone used for construction of the lighthouse was obtained from local quarries.
Point Judith Light was automated in 1954, and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
The structure was added to the National Register of Historic Places as Baltimore Light Station on December 2, 2002.
The lighthouse was an early candidate for automation and this was carried out in 1978.
The Burrows Island Light is a lighthouse on the western tip of Burrows Island, facing Rosario Strait, near Anacortes, in Skagit County, Washington.
In 1860, the oil-powered light was upgraded to a dioptric light and the fort that surrounds the tower was built by the War Department.
Blitvenica is well known for its strong currents and rough seas, making landing risky except in calm conditions.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Perkins Island Light Station in 1988.
Punta Gorda Lighthouse is a lighthouse in the United States, 12 miles south of Cape Mendocino, California, within Humboldt County.
The lighthouse was automated in 1962 and the United States Coast Guard still maintains it as an active aid to navigation.
It was deactivated on June 25, 1967, when the United States Coast Guard Training Station moved to Governors Island.
It is managed by the Moyne Shire Council.
Jansen & A. van Rhyn, and was activated in 1854.
It has been politically united with Caithness since at least the 15th century.
Doubling Point Light is a lighthouse on the Kennebec River in Arrowsic, Maine.
The lighthouse was built in 1851 and has a 22 m white tower with a black band.
The light is still active though as of 2008 and emits a signal of a double flash every 15 seconds.
The reinforced concrete foundation and structure is unique to the area, as well.
Many ships were wrecked on these shallows.
The present structure was built in 1891.
The Illa de l’Aire Lighthouse is an active lighthouse on the islet of Illa de l'Aire, on the southeast coast of the Spanish island of Menorca.
Automated in 1974, the light acts both as a coastal navigational aide and as a support to local water traffic.
The station includes at least two 1-1/2 story keeper's houses and several other buildings.
Tyrhaug Lighthouse is a coastal lighthouse located in Smøla Municipality, Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
The first lighthouse stood 35 feet tall.
It is the tallest lighthouse on the West Coast of the United States.
The present light is powered by a pair of solar panels attached to the roof on the south side.
The concrete structure was built in 1921 and converted to solar power in 1990.
As of Summer, 2015, the light is available to the public for tours.
Morris Island Light is a lighthouse on Morris Island in South Carolina.
The 8.2-metre tall, concrete lighthouse is white with a red top.
The rule forced William Chapel, the keeper at the time, to sail over a mile to Orient, or 12 miles to New London to purchase supplies.
The light is lit from 16 July until 21 May.
It is located in the western part of Solund municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county.
Ida Lewis Lighthouse, which was formerly the Lime Rock Lighthouse, is in the Newport harbor in Rhode Island.
It is one of five lighthouses located on the island of Martha's Vineyard.
The original lighthouse on Kidston Island was built in 1875.
The tower was exhibited at the Stockholm Exposition in 1897 before being located in Högby on a narrow peninsula.
The lighthouse has a height of 25 metres, a focal height of 44 metres and displays two white flashes every 15 seconds 15s).
The need for a lighthouse on the island was highlighted in the second maritime lighting plan for the Canaries, and it first became operational in 1933.
Its second-order bivalve Fresnel lens emits a light measuring 5.5 megacandelas and is placed 136 feet above sea level.
The Michigan City Breakwater lighthouse is located in the harbor of Michigan City, Indiana.
"According to Mayor Chuck Oberlie, Michigan City filed a letter of interest for the lighthouse and will seek ownership."
The Cliffy Island Lighthouse is located atop Cliffy Island, a steep-sided island which is the summit of a granite submarine mountain in the Bass Strait.
The lighthouse was built in 1856 by the Ottoman Empire and is the oldest lighthouse in Bulgaria.
Built by French engineer Léonce Reynaud in 1840, it sits on the reefs of Tréguier, near the Sillon de Talbert.
The lighthouse replaced the Jastarnia Bór Lighthouse.
Litløy Lighthouse is located on the island of Litløya in Bø municipality, Nordland county, Norway.
Though originally constructed on the bay, the current resting place for the light is on Port Lavaca, alongside Highway 35.
It is located on a reef called Kuda Ravana Kotuwa, but when the British invaded Ceylon they named it Little Basses.
Beginning in 1978, recurrent summer work/study programs greatly restored the station, which was then opened as a school.
During the War of 1812 the light was extinguished for a few months and its apparatus was hidden in the cellar of a Chappaquiddick house.
The lighthouse was deactivated in 1926 when it was abandoned.
The light was first proposed in 1881 and again in 1882.
The Gibraltar Detached Mole Lighthouse is one of several lighthouses in Gibraltar, a British Overseas Territory at the south end of the Iberian Peninsula.
Dyna Lighthouse is a coastal lighthouse located on a reef south of Bygdøy, in the Oslofjord in the municipality of Oslo, Norway.
Nida Lighthouse is located in Nida, on the Curonian Spit in between the Curonian Lagoon and the Baltic Sea.
Prior to a severe storm in February 2017, which damaged part of the sandbank, Spurn was a spit with a semi-permanent connection to the mainland.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Huron Islands Lighthouse in 1975.
It is the oldest one still standing, and is in fact the oldest surviving building in Mayport.
Built in 1908, the lighthouses help to guide ship traffic from Lake Winnipeg into the river.
In 1856 the original lamps and reflectors were replaced by a sixth-order Fresnel lens.
The lighthouse was rebuilt in 1899 but developed structural problems and was demolished in 1906.
A suspended weight was used to rotate the lens, which first sent forth its penetrating beams of light on the night of May 23, 1904.
It is a white house with a red, round, stone light tower.
It can be found about 10 kilometers from Langlade and St. Pierre.
The light sits at an elevation of 25 metres above sea level.
In 2000, the Point Roberts Lighthouse Society was formed with the purpose of building a proper lighthouse on the point.
It is a popular tourist attraction for visitors to Vancouver as it is a National Historic Site of Canada.
With the generators, the seven-men lighthouse crew was reduced to four.
Maintaining the dune and protecting it and the lighthouse from the deleterious effects of wave action has been a constant struggle.
The light at the top of the 10-metre tall tower emits a white, red or green light, depending on direction, occulting twice every 10 seconds.
Fish and Wildlife Service and operated by the U.S. Coast Guard and is still used as an active aid in navigation.
The New Presque Isle Light was built in 1870, at Presque Isle, Michigan, east of Grand Lake, and sits on the namesake peninsula.
Following further modernisation in the 20th century, the lighthouse was fully automated in 1994.
The Fuencaliente lighthouse is an active lighthouse on the island of La Palma in the Canary Islands.
It is the most southerly of the islands in the Pentland Firth between the Orkney islands and Caithness, the northeasternmost part of the mainland.
The Sharps Island Light was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 22, 1982.
In 1864, Confederate troops dismantled the fourth-order Fresnel Lens, but Union forces later restored it.
The center of the black diamonds points in a north-south direction, while the center of the white diamonds points east-west.
Over the years, there were several sets of range lights to lead ships into Nantucket Harbor.
Carysfort Reef Light is located approximately six nautical miles east of Key Largo, Florida.
It is one of a dozen past or present lighthouses in Indiana.
The higher rear light is placed behind the front light.
Stenen Baak is a now-deactivated lighthouse northeast of Oostvoorne, near to the town of Brielle, in the Dutch province of South Holland.
Inside, the structure has three stories of living space along with a basement with cisterns for rainwater storage, all below a watchroom and lantern.
The Manning Memorial Light, also known as the Robert H. Manning Memorial Lighthouse or Manning Light is a lighthouse located near Empire, Michigan.
Since the stairs were installed, the lighthouse became more popular around New Zealand and even other parts of the world.
The surviving workers clung to the island's slippery rocks for two full days before being discovered and rescued.
About a year after the light was installed, USS Triton completed her historic submerged circumnavigation.
Eatons Neck Light has served as a navigational aid since its construction in 1798.
It has been solar powered since 1988.
In 2006 the Swedish state surveying "Lantmäteriverket" decided that the whole island belonged to the Church of Sweden due to an old agreement from 1753.
It was built as an aid to navigation for the bay, and the port of Milbridge, then an important deep-water shipbuilding port.
The lighthouse was built on the rock in 1882.
Saltholmen Lighthouse is a lighthouse that is on a small island off Lillesand in Aust-Agder County, Norway.
The lighthouse sits on a thin spit of beach where the currents of the Atlantic Ocean and Nantucket Sound meet.
Iojimazaki Lighthouse is a lighthouse in Iōjima, Nagasaki, Japan.
There was already an oratory on the top of the hill, dedicated to St. Catherine of Alexandria.
It lies close to the seaward entrance of the port of Ciutadella on the Sa Farola point, at the western end of the island.
The structure is whitewashed with a vertical red stripe on the seaward side.
Eilean Musdile is an islet, and lighthouse to the south west of Lismore in the Inner Hebrides.
Point Lonsdale Lighthouse, also known as the Point Lonsdale Signal Station, is close to the township of Point Lonsdale in the Borough of Queenscliffe, Victoria, Australia.
Cape Leveque is the northernmost tip of the Dampier Peninsula in the Kimberley region of Western Australia.
Only the eastern tower of the two that made up the light station until 1924 is active.
The massive masonry foundations on the reef required seven years to complete.
The Swedish Maritime Administration owns the lighthouse.
The tower is a 50-footsquare pyramidal steel skeletal tower with gallery.
Established in 1885, it has a focal plane of 16 m and is painted white and red.
The lighthouse was constructed by the Commonwealth Lighthouse Service during the "Golden Age of Australian Lighthouses", between 1913 and 1920.
Belle Isle Northeast Light is a 27-metre tall, 12-sided flying buttress lighthouse located on Belle Isle, Newfoundland, which was built in 1905.
The site is reached by walking about 45 minutes over sand; with a National Park Service Oversand Permit, a four-wheel-drive vehicle can be used.
The lighthouse was built in 1932 and it was the last new lighthouse that was built in Norway.
The island and former light station are privately owned.
The lighthouse was listed as a protected site in 1997.
The Ship Shoal Light is a screw-pile lighthouse located in the Gulf of Mexico southwest of the Isles Dernieres off the coast of Louisiana.
It was built in 1859 under the supervision of U.S. Army engineer William F. Raynolds, was automated in 1946, and continues operation to this day.
It was demolished, and replaced by the current cast-iron tower, in 1939.
It is located at the north side of the Passe de la Joliette.
In 2013 a joint effort by the Cape Ann Museum and the Thacher Island Association brought the lens back to Cape Ann.
The light from these lanterns could be seen for 6 nautical miles.
The Gibraltar North Mole Lighthouse is one of several lighthouses in Gibraltar, the British Overseas Territory at the southern end of the Iberian Peninsula.
The unmanned Brough of Birsay Lighthouse lighthouse was built in 1925 by David A Stevenson.
Its position is strategic for the shipping lanes in the middle and lower Adriatic Sea.
Thunder Bay Island Light, located on Thunder Bay Island's southeast tip, is one of the oldest operating lighthouses in Michigan.
The island covers and uncovers with the tide and is not open to the public.
A restoration effort was launched in 1999 through the American Lighthouse Foundation and in 2000 by a new local chapter, the Avery Point Lighthouse Society.
It was built after many petitions were sent to the government arguing for a light to be put on the island to help guide mariners.
A fourth-order Fresnel lens replaced the lamps in 1855 and a fog bell was added in the 1860s.
The Tour de Cordouan, the 'Patriarch of Lighthouses', is by far the oldest lighthouse in France.
Charity Island Light is a lighthouse on Big Charity Island in Lake Huron just off the coast of Au Gres, Northern Michigan.
The original tower was moved away in 1979 and restored in 1987.
It is built on the former site of the unincorporated community of Ulao, Wisconsin.
Tahkuna Lighthouse - a lighthouse located in the Tahkuna Peninsula, Hiiu Parish, on the island of Hiiumaa; in Estonia.
The lighthouse was built in 1883 and first lit during June of that year.
The cast-iron structure is still a working lighthouse operated by the United States Coast Guard and is not open to the public.
On two nearby piers are a red and a green light beacon for the Stavoren harbor.
The lantern was removed, with the lighthouse being deactivated in 1924.
Orehoved Lighthouse is a lighthouse in Orehoved on the north coast of Falster, Denmark.
Badly damaged by three earthquakes between AD 956 and 1323, it then became an abandoned ruin.
Since it sits in water 50 ft deep, a conventional lighthouse would have been difficult, forcing the choice of structure.
Cold Spring Harbor Light was a lighthouse located in Cold Spring Harbor on the north shore of New York's Long Island.
Most offshore lights built after this were cast iron towers built on cylindrical cast iron foundations.
De Scheveningen Lighthouse is a lighthouse in Scheveningen, Netherlands.
It was run by the French until 1933 when the 100-year concession was cancelled and the Turkish authorities took over.
Since 2000, rooms within the lighthouse have also been made available for rent as holiday accommodation.
The lighthouse lies on the small island of Hellisøy, just off the southwest coast of the larger island of Fedje.
It was relighted as a Private Aid to Navigation in 1989.
The lighthouse is at the end of the headland, near the base of the sandspit.
At a height of 233 feet it is the seventh-tallest "traditional lighthouse" in the world, and the fourth-tallest stone lighthouse.
Les Hanois Lighthouse was constructed between 1860 and 1862 to a new design by James Douglass, and was first lit on 8 December 1862.
La Tour de Vinde,, is a Martello tower that the British erected between 1808 and 1810 to command the approaches to St Aubin's Bay, Jersey.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
It stands about 1.5 km north of the city centre and overlooks Portland’s harbour.
In 1971, the lighthouse replaced a lightship that had marked the Royal Sovereign Shoal since 1875.
West Quoddy Head, in Quoddy Head State Park, Lubec, Maine, is the easternmost point of the contiguous United States.
The site is open, though climbing the bluff might be difficult.
Rangitoto Lighthouse sits off the coast in McKenzie Bay, in Auckland's Hauraki Gulf.
Until 1954 when it was electrified, the lantern was lit by liquified gas.
After completion of the first tower, it was determined that the light was under certain circumstances liable to be mistaken by mariners.
The island is currently closed to the public except by special arrangement.
Construction of Baileys Harbor Lighthouse began in 1852 and in 1853 David Ward became the first lighthouse keeper.
The Wade Point Light was a screw-pile lighthouse in North Carolina.
It was designed by Dutch lighthouse architect Quirinus Harder and built by the foundry Nering Bögel in Deventer.
Greens Ledge Lighthouse is a sparkplug lighthouse in Connecticut, United States, off the southwest end of the Norwalk Islands, Long Island Sound, near Norwalk, Connecticut.
They have a long and varied story.
The red cylindrical tower with lantern and gallery is attached to one corner of a 2-1/2 story white keeper's house.
The lighthouse was built just offshore from Accomack County, Virginia, and was located near the mouth of Pungoteague Creek, then called the Pungoteague River.
One early assistant keeper of the lighthouse, Jefferson B. Browne, later became Chief Justice of the Florida Supreme Court.
It was built in 1809 to warn ships of the dangerous rocks below.
The lighthouse is closed to the public and there is no access to the building.
Hospital Point Range Front Light is a historic lighthouse at the end of Bayview Avenue in Beverly, Massachusetts.
The lighthouse is mounted on a rock and connected to shore by a footbridge.
The Roanoke River Light is a historic, decommissioned lighthouse, located on the waterfront of Edenton, North Carolina.
The Guard Island Light is a lighthouse located on a small island near the entrance to the Tongass Narrows, in Clarence Strait in southeastern Alaska.
In 1984, the lighthouse was automated and it no longer needed a live-in lighthouse keeper on the site.
Cape Henlopen Light was a lighthouse near Lewes, in present-day Cape Henlopen State Park, Delaware, United States.
It is best known as the home of the Marine Corps Recruit Depot Parris Island.
The light can be seen for up to 10.6 nautical miles.
Portland Head Light is a historic lighthouse in Cape Elizabeth, Maine.
While the station was established in 1771, the present lighthouse tower was opened in 1949.
Tours are offered to the public each August for Beverly Homecoming celebrations and include 40 winding stairs and a ladder to the top of the light.
The light stands on the southern side of the entrance to Charleston Harbor, north of the City of Folly Beach.
This Sand Point Light is one of two bearing that name in Michigan.
Unusually, the stanchions of the walkway railing around the lantern room are decorated with 4-inch brass replicas of the lighthouse itself.
It has been unmanned since 1988 and is remotely monitored from the board’s headquarters in Edinburgh.
The Æðarstein lighthouse is located on the southeast coast of Iceland, on a rocky point on the west side of the port of Djúpivogur.
It is located near the northern end of Amelia Island in the northeastern part of the state.
The Cana Island lighthouse is a lighthouse located just north of Baileys Harbor in Door County, Wisconsin, United States.
The lighthouse is owned by the Town of Sodus Point, New York.
The fifth order fresnel lens came from the original front range light.
Standing on the north breakwater of Alpena Harbor, the light marks the entrance to the Thunder Bay River from Thunder Bay.
In 2009 a parking area, washrooms, picnic area and a deck around the lighthouse was added.
The white light flashes once every ten seconds, and it can be seen for about 14 nautical miles.
The road was constructed through virgin eucalypt forest, along with the powerline, with minimal disruption to the National Park.
Castle Point Lighthouse is a lighthouse near the village of Castlepoint in the Wellington Region of the North Island of New Zealand.
During the summer season it is possible to climb the tower, for a small fee.
Hendricks Head Light is a lighthouse in Southport, Maine marking the west side of the mouth of the Sheepscot River.
It has been operated as a Foundation until present.
In 1998, the lighthouse became the property of the U.S.
The original Cape Tryon lighthouse was deactivated in 1969.
The lighthouse was designed in 1910 and built in 1911 by Vladimir Shukhov.
The lighthouse is 2 miles from Sea Lion Caves.
The Fort Sumter Range Lights are range lights to guide ships through the main channel of the Charleston Harbor, South Carolina.
Shionomisaki Lighthouse is a lighthouse on Cape Shionomisaki in Kushimoto, Wakayama, Japan.
The lighthouse is operational and houses a museum.
Punta La Entallada or La Entallada lighthouse is an active lighthouse on the Canary island of Fuerteventura.
The light can be seen up to 20 nautical miles out at sea and flashes three times every 20 seconds.
In 1915, the 22-by-40-foot fog signal building was constructed.
Under an agreement with the local Syddjurs municipality, the lighthouse buildings are open to the public and used for exhibitions.
Today a 600 watt halogen bulb that turns off and on serves the same function.
It was the second tower to be demolished after a collision with a foreign-flagged freighter.
It is located on a headland near the southwest corner of the lake near Kokorevo.
The current lighthouse was built in 1953, it is a concrete square tower, with a gallery but no lantern.
Palmer Island Light Station is a historic lighthouse in New Bedford Harbor in New Bedford, Massachusetts, USA.
In 1844 a new tower was built for $1,600 and in 1857 supplied with a fourth order Fresnel lens.
Not to be confused with the present Peche Island Light in the Detroit River.
Love Point Light was a screw-pile lighthouse in the Chesapeake Bay, off the northern end of Kent Island, Maryland.
It served to guide vessels around the reef and into the main channel of the Atchafalaya River.
Lundy gives its name to a British sea area and is one of the islands of England.
A fixed light during its time of operation, the lighthouse was visible in good weather up to a distance of four miles.
Utvær Lighthouse is the westernmost coastal lighthouse in Norway.
Construction began in 1854, with the light first lit on January 15, 1857.
The Pechiguera or Punta Pechiguera lighthouse is an active lighthouse on the Canary island of Lanzarote.
The island is over 3 miles long, almost half the width of the estuary at that point, and as little as 50 yards wide in places.
The lighthouse was recognised as cultural monument of Estonia in 2005.
Waglan Island is a member of the Po Toi group of islands in Hong Kong.
The first lighthouse was built on Sharps Island in 1838, but due to the island's erosion it was moved in 1848.
It is a white octagonal masonry tower that has been in use since 1895.
The lighthouse was erected in 1863, originally it was a red light however in 1864 it was changed to white.
The Killock Shoal Light was a lighthouse located at the north end of the channel west of Chincoteague, Virginia.
Roter Sand is a lighthouse in the North Sea, in the Weser estuary.
At a height of 213 feet it is one of the tallest lighthouses in the world.
Originally constructed in 1899, instability forced the addition of steel bracing in 1903.
In 1990, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places and is significant for its "superior stone work in the tapering brownstone walls".
It is close to the "University" diving location.
This 40-foot 1830s light tower was raised 10 feet) to a height of 50 feet in 1857, and sheathed with brick.
Haugsholmen Lighthouse is a coastal lighthouse located in the municipality of Sande in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
In 2014 the serving keeper was Zvone, who along with his wife and family live on site.
A cast-iron base was meanwhile erected on the caisson as it sank.
It is located on cliffs above the resort and fishing harbour of Puerto de Mogán, in the municipality of Mogán.
The lighthouse is in concrete, and has a polygonal beacon with a spire in a corner.
It is located on the seaward face of Mount Carmel, near Stella Maris Monastery, inside an Israeli Navy base.
The Pass Christian Light, in Pass Christian, Mississippi, was one of the first lighthouses built in the state.
It sits on a 4-acre tract at the southeastern tip of Stratford Point.
The light is activated from July 21 until May 16 each year.
Whitestone Point Light is located in Whitestone, Queens.
The former lighthouse keeper's home has been a museum since 1963.
It is a 100 feet tall cylindrical steel(?)
The tower stood on a Victorian-style home with a white dwelling, Mansard roof and a black lantern.
It is in the area of the island's easternmost part of the mountain range and belongs to Cova-Ribeira da Torre-Paul Natural Park.
At 48 metres tall, it is Australia's tallest lighthouse.
It is closed to the public and can only be viewed by boat or airplane.
Mine Head Lighthouse is an excellently preserved operational 19th century lighthouse in Old Parish, County Waterford, Ireland.
Buffalo Light is a lighthouse at the mouth of Buffalo River/Erie canal, directly across from the Erie Basin Marina in Buffalo, New York.
Mahe lighthouse is a lighthouse situated on the south side of the entrance of Mayyazhi river in Mahe, Puducherry.
Its original light consisted of eight 200-watt bulbs that were later replaced by a flashing green light in 1960.
It was in this period that the town gained its current name, Whitby.
The Range Rear tower was built in 1849 and equipped with a 5th order Fresnel lens in 1856.
The lighthouse is remotely controlled by the Seemanshöft Pilot Centre.
Punta Tagliamento Lighthouse is a lighthhose in Bibione a frazione of San Michele al Tagliamento, Veneto on the coast of the Adriatic Sea.
The lighthouse was constructed in 1802 and commissioned by President Thomas Jefferson.
Destroyed in 1856, it had the shortest recorded existence of any lighthouse on the Bay, and possibly the United States, at just 459 days.
The lighthouse is located on the western side of the island.
The Windmill Point Light was a lighthouse located at the mouth of the Rappahannock River.
The light was restored the following night with a reduced number of lamps and reflectors.
A signal blast fog signal may be sounded.
Puerto Ferro Light, also known as Faro de Puerto Ferro, is a historic lighthouse located in the Vieques, Puerto Rico.
There are 199 steps to the top of the Lighthouse.
The lighthouse's status has thus been contentious in recent years due to access of Singaporean workers to the lighthouse.
That is denominated the Menominee North Pier light, and is also an active aid to navigation.
There has been a lighthouse in Michigan City for 170 years.
It was designed and built in 1877 and is a classic example of a skeletal cast iron prefabricated lighthouse.
It was one of the last U.S. wooden pile foundation lighthouses built.
The white wooden tower is octagonal pyramidal in shape, the lantern room is painted red.
It also marked a shoal that extends about 6 nautical miles south-southeasterly of the light.
The lighthouse is powered by solar power.
At the southern end of the Turneffe atoll, is a similar but smaller light known as Caye Bokel.
In 1805 the lighthouse was greatly improved under the guidance of the famous lighthouse engineer Robert Stevenson assisted by James Slight.
Utsira Lighthouse is a coastal lighthouse in Rogaland county, Norway.
The tower is located within the boundaries of the Letonniemi natural preserve.
The light can be seen for about 18 nautical miles.
Maintenance and restoration of the structure is part of the curriculum.
The lighthouse was built by Robert Stevenson in 1833 at a cost of £4260 and initially showed a fixed white light.
The lighthouse is typical for Queensland, made of timber frame clad with galvanized iron plates, painted white with a red dome.
Ghost stories that tell of a phantom lighthouse keeper at Toledo Harbor can usually be traced back to this figure.
The original lighthouse tower was demolished in 1954 and the current structure is a white steel skeletal tower with a helicopter landing pad.
The Green Bay Harbor Entrance Light is an offshore lighthouse near Green Bay, Wisconsin.
The lighthouse was designed and constructed by British engineer Richard Henry Brunton.
Libby Island Light is a lighthouse on Libby Island, marking the mouth of Machias Bay, in Machiasport, Maine.
The coastal signalling was done by semaphore stations.
The light is automated and closed to the public.
The tower is an open framed, square, tapered steel structure with lantern and gallery, the highest in the Island, at a height of 145 feet.
It is considered a second-order lighthouse, which began operating on 1 February 1930.
The site of the tower is accessible at low tide by wading, though the tower itself is closed to the public.
The lighthouse was completed in 1888 to replace the old Villa Lighthouse which closed in 1890.
Its light signals the entrance to the passage of Boulari, one of only three natural passages in the reef surrounding New Caledonia.
The US Navy continued to use the island for military exercises after the war.
Hurricane Jeanne in 2004 sandblasted the paint from the upper portion of the tower, and the tower was repainted using a potassium silicate mineral coating.
A lighthouse was first lit there in 1839.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005 as the Poverty Island Light Station.
It was one of the oldest operating lighthouses in the Caribbean until 1975 when the U.S. Navy and Coast Guard finally closed the facility.
It is the northernmost lighthouse on the Chesapeake Bay.
The dwelling is constructed in the Second Empire architectural style, with a mansard roof.
Slight’s diary records his impressions of the Evangelistas on his arrival there:
It is one of three black lighthouses in the world, and the only one in the Southern Hemisphere.
It was first lit in 1908, and was automated in 1988.
It is maintained by the Finnish Maritime Administration, and the buildings are often let out to ornithologists studying on the island.
The Green Island Light is a lighthouse located on Green Island in Green Bay.
Described as Romanesque, its style is unique among Great Lakes lighthouses.
The current lighthouse was constructed in 1854.
After the light was automated in 1964, the unmanned structure fell victim to decay and vandalism.
The light burns from year-round except between 2 May and 4 August each year when it is unnecessary due to the midnight sun.
The lighthouse was the first navigational light for the Port of Albany and the second lighthouse to be built on the West Australian coastline.
It was destroyed in the 1906 Mississippi hurricane and was never rebuilt.
A second and larger replacement tower was built on the same site in 1896.
It is located on the island of Bressay at Kirkabister Ness overlooking Bressay Sound.
The light station was established in 1817 and is an active aid to navigation; the present granite tower was built in 1823 and improved in 1848.
The vessel is named after her location on the Sandettie Bank, to the north of Calais and east of the Strait of Dover.
During the 1923 Great Kantō earthquake, the top eight meters of the structure collapsed.
In an unusual position for a woman at that time, Herwerth's wife Mary was given command of the lighthouse, which she maintained until 1902.
Anacapa Island Lighthouse is a lighthouse in California, United States, on the entrance to Santa Barbara Channel, California.
The lighthouses are designed to be used as a pair to guide shipping through the treacherous sandbanks of the Wyre estuary.
Both lights were lit from 1893 to 1915 to make range lights.
Schretlen & Co, a company in Leiden and activated the following year.
Savannah Lighthouse was a lighthouse in Georgia, United States, off the entrance to Savannah River, Georgia.
The lighthouse is now monitored remotely from Wellington.
It is still active, though the original tower has been replaced with an automated beacon on a skeleton tower.
It is powered by three different power sources: a generator, electricity and a set of batteries.
At that time a fog signal building was added to the tower.
The tower and integral keepers quarters were built in 1883.
Bagacay Point Lighthouse is an active lighthouse in Liloan, Cebu, in the Philippines.
Finnvær Lighthouse is a lighthouse at Finnværet on the island of Valøya, part of the Froan islands in the municipality of Frøya in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.
It is located on the north side of Yaquina Bay, the most populated port between Puget Sound and San Francisco at the time.
Toledo Harbor Lighthouse is still an active aid to navigation.
It is divided into four stories with a spiral stairway, and topped by a gallery carrying the lantern.
Three of the lighthouse station's buildings are open for visitors to tour:
There are 214 steps that spiral to the top.
Prior to 2006, the lighthouse had a height of 24 metres, the red portion if the lighthouse was added in the year of 2006.
It is located on the island of Kvitholmen, about 2 kilometres off the mainland coast of Eide Municipality.
Wind Point Lighthouse is a lighthouse located at the north end of Racine Harbor in the U.S. state of Wisconsin.
It is the oldest continuously operating lighthouse on the West Coast of the United States and even the lens is original.
The Navigation Structures at Pentwater Harbor are navigational structures located at the west end of Lowell Street in Pentwater, Michigan.
The Gilbreth Family purchased the two latter range lights in 1921.
After the channel was widened and deepened in 1897, shipping traffic increased.
There is also a public beach and park on the property, known as Lighthouse Beach.
The lights were changed from oil to electric in 1917.
Originally the light was equipped with a Fresnel lens system, and it displayed a white light towards a sector clockwise from south to northeast.
In 1875, a life saving station was built for $3,000.
A modern ML-300 lantern replaced the original lens.
Vuurtoreneiland is a small island in the IJmeer, Netherlands, just off the coast of Durgerdam.
The St. Marks Light is the second-oldest light station in Florida.
They have also applied for a grant from Heritage Canada to help with repairs and upkeep of the lighthouse and surrounding parkland.
Built by the Engineering Department of the Port Authority of Jamaica, Lover’s Leap Lighthouse is Jamaica's most recent.
Opened with great ceremony by John Forrest in 1895, the lighthouse has since been automated.
The light displays two white flashes every 30 seconds at a focal plane of 394 feet.
In June 2011, the General Services Administration made the Orient Point Light available at no cost to public organizations willing to preserve them.
The United States government paid $32 per year to lease the small parcel of land from the mission.
The design was drawn and laid out by Joaquin Gisbert in 1890.
Skerryvore is best known as the name given to the lighthouse on the skerry, built with some difficulty between 1838 and 1844 by Alan Stevenson.
The Stonington Harbor Light is a historic nineteenth century lighthouse located on the east side of Stonington Harbor in Stonington, Connecticut.
It is among the small class of lighthouses around the coasts of France carrying the moniker "hell", due to a remote position in rough seas.
The New Castle Range Rear Light is a lighthouse in Delaware, United States, on the Delaware River near New Castle, Delaware.
Furthermore, cottages around the lighthouse can be rented out as holiday accommodation.
The first light was a wood tower and brick lantern room on top of the keeper's house.
Its lighting sequence is white, red or green lights, flashing twice every five seconds.
A couple of years later a black band was added to the tower.
The cylindrical cast iron lighthouse is 22.5 metres tall.
The first was moored near the reef on 20 August 1841 and exhibited its first light on 1 September 1841.
It was the first station established on the outside coast of Alaska.
During the summer holiday season, it can be used as a free hostel available for overnight stays.
Currently, it has a 190 mm lens with a white flash every five seconds.
The square tower was first lit in 1873 and the tower was rebuilt in its present form in 1950.
It is best known as the target of a Confederate raid in the Civil War.
It is now adjacent to the campus of Southern Maine Community College.
The actual light is maintained by the Coast Guard.
The lighthouse can only be accessed by boat; a ferry operates during the summer months.
The current tower is the fourth in a series of lighthouses that have been built on the site, the earliest was the first lighthouse in Canada.
It is located 2.6 miles north of Cape Arago.
It was first established in 1890 and deactivated in 1933.
The light characteristic is two flashes every ten seconds.
The Sassafras Point Light was a lighthouse that stood in the Providence, Rhode Island harbor approaches.
Now known as the Huntington Lighthouse Preservation Society, the group continues to enlist volunteers and raise funds for ongoing restoration and preservation work.
It is now managed by the Isles of Scilly Wildlife Trust, and except for the maintenance of the Grade 2 listed lighthouse, landing is not allowed.
It is maintained by the Port Authority of Jamaica, an agency of the Ministry of Transport and Works.
There were two lighthouses on this point built in 1836 but only the West one remains active.
A red light sector warns of the Stollergrund shoal.
The lighthouse is remotely controlled by the Seemanshöft Pilot Centre and belongs to the Hamburg Port Authority.
The shipping channel approaching the Fox River in Green Bay was changed a number of times in order to accommodate vessels of increasing draft.
The Cape San Blas Light is a lighthouse in the state of Florida in the United States.
It is one of the Moreton Island lighthouses
In 1985, the lighthouse was automated and the old wooden building was turned into a museum, and a new fiberglass tower was built.
In 1994, French archaeologists discovered some remains of the lighthouse on the floor of Alexandria's Eastern Harbour.
It had a fixed white light, which was changed to flashing red every thirty seconds and then to the present alternating red and white flashes.
The light is white, red, or green depending on direction, occulting twice every 8 seconds.
The focal plane of the light is 8.8 metres and it has a range of 6.5 nautical miles.
The original building was established in 1912 and automated in 1984.
It was the third lighthouse to be built in South Africa, and the second-oldest still operating, after Green Point.
To protect against surf during hurricanes, a semicircular masonry wall has been built around the seaward side of the base of the lighthouse.
The history of these lighthouses is documented by Terry Pepper and is not reproduced here.
Dondra Head lighthouse is operated and maintained by the Sri Lanka Ports Authority.
The height of the structure is 11 metres; the height of the light about sea level is 15 metres.
Cape Otway Lighthouse is a lighthouse on Cape Otway in southern Victoria, Australia.
It has a nominal range of 14 nautical miles in the white sectors and 11 nautical miles in the red sectors.
It is notable as one of the few lighthouses whose original lens was a first order Fresnel lens, the strongest type of Fresnel lens.
It is 33 metres tall and has a perimeter of 24 metres at its base.
The Christiana Light was a historic lighthouse located on the Christina River in Delaware.
However, this is not the original staircase; the original staircase was a wooden step spiral built into the inside of the exterior wall.
Stepping Stones Light is a Victorian-style lighthouse in Long Island Sound, in Nassau County, New York.
The lighthouse structure is brick with double masonry walls.
The lighthouse was rebuilt in 1915-16 in response to increased demand from local wood pulp carriers and commercial fishing boats.
It is situated in the village Mandacaru on the banks of the Preguiças River, within the Lençois National Park.
First lit in 1831, it was deactivated in 1882 and later demolished.
Its fog horn blasted for 3½ seconds and was then silent for 26½ seconds.
Constructed in 1825, it guided mariners off the Florida Reef, which starts near Key Biscayne and extends southward a few miles offshore of the Florida Keys.
The lighthouse was built from reinforced concrete in 1933.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
Originally called Latemore's Reef after James Latemore.
The unused lighthouse began to fall into disrepair, but was relocated to the Fisherman's Haven Community Park in 2009, where it was renovated and repainted.
Pape Lighthouse - a lighthouse located on the Latvian coast of the Baltic Sea.
During the German military occupation 1940-45, the Germans re-established light railways for the purpose of supplying coastal fortifications.
The Sankaty Head Light is a lighthouse located on Nantucket island.
They display red and white vertical striped daymarks, type KRW, one of the twelve combinations used by the Coast Guard.
It might have been the only rock station where the keepers could go to the pub when not working.
It was one of two range lights at Price Creek in a series of lights to guide ships from Cape Fear to Wilmington, North Carolina.
The Isles of Shoals Light, also known as "White Island Light", on White Island, in the Isles of Shoals, New Hampshire, was first built in 1821.
Avery Point Light or Avery Point Lighthouse is a lighthouse in Groton, Connecticut, United States, on the Avery Point Campus of the University of Connecticut.
The light lists describe it as a framework tower, so the present tower might not be the original lighthouse.
Horse Island Light, also known as Sackets Harbor Light, is located on Horse Island in Sackets Harbor, Jefferson County in New York on Lake Ontario.
It is located at the most North-Westerly point on the British mainland, in the traditional county of Sutherland within Highland Region.
The hills, coastline, and sea by the lighthouse attracts visitors.
Santa Barbara Lighthouse was a lighthouse in California, United States, on the Santa Barbara Harbor, California.
The light was automated in 1949 and is still operational.
The Kincardine Lighthouse is a historic lighthouse located in Kincardine, Ontario, near the mouth of the Penetangore River.
It was completed and lit on November 1, 1876, eight months after Brunton left Japan.
However, in 1878 it was reported that the keeper's house would probably "fall into the sea within two years."
Cape Palliser Lighthouse is a Lighthouse at Cape Palliser in the Wellington region of the North Island of New Zealand.
Mohni Lighthouse is a lighthouse located on the island of Mohni, in Estonia.
The North Point Light is a lighthouse located in Lake Park on the East Side of Milwaukee in Milwaukee County, Wisconsin, United States.
The Pointe aux Barques Lighthouse ranks among the ten oldest lighthouses in Michigan.
They were both equipped with first order Fresnel lenses, which stood approximately 10 feet high and weighed several tons.
It was donated to the Academy and named for the Greek god by the Class of 1945.
The Noss Head Lighthouse is an active 19th century lighthouse near Wick in Caithness in the Highland council area of Scotland.
It is still functioning as an automated light.
The exterior was repaired and painted and the lantern was reglazed.
Triple Island Lighthouse is a large, manned light station on Triple Island.
Plagued by erosion for most of its existence, it was destroyed in 1956 by Hurricane Flossy.
Nyholmen Lighthouse is a lighthouse in the municipality of Bodø in Nordland county, Norway.
The lighthouse was listed as a protected site in 1999.
Dreswick Point is the southernmost point of the main island of the Isle of Man.
The United States Coast Guard Light List description is "White cylindrical tower".
Granite Island is a 2.5-acre island in Lake Superior located about 12 miles northwest of Marquette in the Upper Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan.
The keeper's dwelling burned down in the 1970s.
The park is located in the middle of Mindoro Strait, west of the province of Occidental Mindoro, in the Philippines.
Penguin Island Lighthouse was a lighthouse located on Penguin Island at the north end of Rivoli Bay in South Australia.
Replacing a light station at Jameson Point, the light was established in 1902, about two years after completion of the breakwater.
Until 1910, this aid to navigation was called "Big Sable Light".
However, the gradual build up of sand dunes obscured the light.
It marks the eastern end of the Sow and Pigs Reef.
Latimer Reef Light is a sparkplug lighthouse on Latimer's Reef in Fishers Island Sound.
Île Vierge is a 6-hectare islet lying 1.5 kilometres off the north-west coast of Brittany, opposite the village of Lilia.
The Leading Point Light was an unusual lighthouse which displayed the rear light to the Brewerton Channel Range.
The fully automatic revolving electric optic is powered by triple mutual diesel/alternator sets.
The Pedro Cays are administratively part of Kingston, Jamaica.
Chatham Lighthouse, known as Twin Lights prior to 1923, is a lighthouse in Chatham, Massachusetts, near the "elbow" of Cape Cod.
A second order Fresnel lens with a focal plane at 152 feet above sea level is in use.
The original illuminating apparatus, not changed until after 1898, had an 18-mile range and displayed a fixed white light which every three minutes flashed red.
The lighthouse is surrounded by the Pacific Grove Municipal Golf Links.
The lighthouse is situated at the edge of the beach near the town and resort of Morro Jable.
Built in 1853 it is claimed that the light at the lighthouse has gone out only once since then, during the 1907 earthquake.
It is a 29-foot high beacon constructed of boiler plate.
The Friends of the Sakonnet Light were awarded the 2012 Rhody Award by the Rhode Island Historical Preservation and Heritage Commission for their work.
Point Sur is the only complete turn-of-the-20th-century lightstation open to the public in California.
It was originally constructed in 1846 with the use of convict labour.
In the summer of 2000, the light was converted to solar power.
The light flashes white, red, or green light, occulting once every 6 seconds.
It was eventually superseded by an iron tower on the same foundation.
The lighthouse has been listed on the South Australian Heritage Register since 24 July 1980.
It is not lit during the summer because it is unnecessary due to the midnight sun in this part of the world.
Newport News Middle Ground Light is a lighthouse near the Monitor-Merrimac Memorial Bridge-Tunnel on Interstate 664 in Hampton Roads.
The Amlwch Lighthouse is a lighthouse tower situated on the outer pier of Amlwch, at the northeast tip of Anglesey, Wales.
The Great Tower Neuwerk is the most significant building of the Neuwerk island, belonging to Hamburg.
Deactivated in 1922, the second tower was moved to California and re-erected as the Point Montara Light in 1928.
The 11 ton lantern house was assembled with the help of a floating crane.
In 1847, a new 80-foot octagonal tower was constructed by Marcus Bassett with East Haven brownstone.
The light was relocated approximately 140 feet to the north in December 1998 because of beach erosion.
Construction started April 28, 2008 and it was put into service in 2011.
Three light structures have been built on this site.
The lighthouse uses a Fresnel lens, with the lighthouse's structure made out of tapered cast iron, painted white with the lantern dome painted in red.
It is claimed that its early-Victorian predecessor was the first lighthouse in the world reliably lit by gas.
They were removed around 1950 when the channel they helped to mark was superseded by a parallel channel to the north.
There are also skeletal towers of various other designs in the western Great Lakes.
Ashdod Light, is a lighthouse in Ashdod, Israel.
Leaning by about 15° since it was ice-damaged in 1977, the structure is picturesque, but in poor condition.
The school district has operated an Environmental and Vocational Educational Center in the keepers dwelling.
The Sherwood Point lighthouse is a lighthouse located near Idlewild in Door County, Wisconsin, United States.
Hammer Odde Lighthouse is located on the northernmost point of Hammeren, just outside Sandvig on the Danish island of Bornholm.
Sklinna Lighthouse is a lighthouse in the municipality of Leka in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.
It is the fourth oldest extant lighthouse in Western Australia and was Australia's first rotating beam lighthouse.
By 18 September 1896 the lighthouse had been sufficiently completed for Jorge Montt to visit for a ceremonial turning-on of the light.
The lighthouse was constructed of limestone quarried from nearby Bunker Bay, which was also known as the "Quarries".
The beacon was removed in 1985, and now stands at the gate to the Dunkirk Lighthouse and Veterans Park Museum.
It was one of the first lighthouses in the United States to receive a Fresnel lens.
Over the years the light source went through several changes, from oil wick, to kerosene, to acetylene gas, to electricity, and finally to solar power.
It is a Registered Tangible Cultural Property of Japan.
A lighthouse was first lit there in 1839.
It is also the only lighthouse in Queensland to be built of stone.
The historic lighthouse is located in Caja de Muertos, an uninhabited island off the coast of Ponce, Puerto Rico.
Whitehead Light is a lighthouse on Whitehead Island, on Muscle Ridge Channel, in the southwestern entrance to Penobscot Bay, Maine.
Cuvier Island Lighthouse is a lighthouse on Cuvier Island, a small island off the east coast of the North Island of New Zealand.
The tower is currently under the purview of the Harbour & Airport Committee.
Harrison Point Lighthouse is a lighthouse located in the northern Parish of Saint Lucy, Barbados.
The light is emitted at a focal plane of 35 metres above sea level, showing a characteristic of one white flash every five seconds.
In 2010, the base of the structure and other lighthouse remnants were removed from Round Island and relocated within the City of Pascagoula for restoration.
Huron Island Light is a lighthouse on Lake Superior near Big Bay, Michigan.
The original lens was a sixth order Fresnel lens.
It is painted in a red-and-white spiral.
The U.S. Coast Guard owned and operated the light station until the 2000s.
The island, but not the tower, is open to visitors except during the May through August nesting season of the endangered roseate tern.
The Turkey Point Light is a historic lighthouse at the head of the Chesapeake Bay.
Bremstein Lighthouse is a lighthouse in the municipality of Vega in Nordland county, Norway.
The optic consists of a Fresnel lens from 1904 revolving on steel bearings.
The tower is brick masonry, and has 110 steps inside with no intermediate floors.
It is owned by and sits on top of the Lighthouse Inn, a seasonal hotel.
It is located in USCG District 9.
It was built between 1807 and 1810 by Robert Stevenson on the Bell Rock in the North Sea, 11 miles east of the Firth of Tay.
Holyhead Mail Pier Light on Salt Island, Anglesey, is an inactive lighthouse which was built by the civil engineer John Rennie in 1821.
It is one of the 22 coastal weather stations whose conditions are automatically reported in the BBC Shipping Forecast.
A radio beacon was established in 1955.
Constructed of wood, the light first opened for service in 1868.
The tower is located on the south side of the main channel of Kiiminkijoki river.
It is owned by the Norwegian Coastal Administration.
The 39,100 candela light can be seen for up to 17.5 nmi.
The building's plant is similar to Pottawatomie Light, but this is brick instead of stone.
The Triagoz lighthouse is a lighthouse in Côtes-d'Armor, France, located on the Guen-Arms rock of the Triagoz archipelago.
The 1919 Florida Keys Hurricane broke the glass in the lighthouse's lantern and damaged the lens.
Battery Point Light is a lighthouse in Crescent City, California, United States.
La Corbière is the extreme south-western point of Jersey in St. Brelade.
Later lighthouses would be built by the English engineer Richard Henry Brunton, until the Japanese would take over lighthouse construction in 1880
It appears to be a historic daybeacon converted to a lighted aid.
It was operational from 1747 to 1858 when it was replaced by Skagen Lighthouse.
In 1887 the colza oil lamp was replaced with a kerosene lamp.
By 1839, lake storms and waves reduced the island by approximately 77% down to an area of only 1.5 acres.
It is the oldest surviving building in Caloundra.
The lighthouse is a common New Zealand icon and a popular tourist destination although the lighthouse itself is not open to the public.
It is a low-lying rock, ten acres in size, with some grass on it.
One hundred and seventy-six wrecks are listed for the Tuskar Rock area at Irish Wrecks Online.
The 10-metre tall white concrete tower has a light that has two white flashes every 30 seconds.
On 31 March 1988 the lighthouse was made automatic and there have been no lighthouse keepers resident on the island since.
Most other lighthouses of the era were built of brick, wood, iron or concrete.
Dungeness Lighthouse on the Dungeness Headland started operation on 20 November 1961 and is constructed of precast concrete rings.
The Cheboygan Crib Light is a light that marks the west pier head of the mouth of the Cheboygan River into Lake Huron.
It is one of many Viking place names found in the south of Wexford and means simply large rock in Old Norse.
Unlike other lighthouses the Nelson Head Light has no tower.
It was built in 1881, and was deactivated in 1997.
The lighthouse was built in 1874 and stands 16 metres tall, 37 metres above sea level.
The Malpeque Harbour Approach Range Lights are a set of range lights on Prince Edward Island, Canada.
A state grant awarded two years later provided $23,000 for oil house restoration.
The listing shows lighthouse drawings and several black-and-white photos of the lighthouse prior to restoration.
The museum's collection includes original Fresnel lenses, finely detailed model ships and a vast assortment of tools, photographs and artifacts dating from the 19th century.
Designed by Francis Hopkinson Smith, the lighthouse is an excellent example of 19th-century engineering and design.
The International Hydrographic Organization specifies Île Vierge as marking the south-western limit of the English Channel.
The lighthouse marks the western side of the main shipping channel that leads inland to the port of the city of Kristiansand.
Great Captain Island Lighthouse is a lighthouse on Great Captain Island in the western Long Island Sound off the coast of Greenwich, Connecticut, United States.
Though officially named the 'Upper Lighthouse', it has been known as the 'Pharos' since its construction, after the celebrated ancient lighthouse Pharos of Alexandria.
It is not open to the public.
The station was established in 1865 and the lighthouse itself was built in 1881.
It had a population of 17,056 in 2001.
John B. Fountain was the first light keeper, who resided in the light keepers house upon which the lighthouse tower was built.
Nevertheless, the Cape's sandy beaches are attracting an increasing number of visitors.
In 1920 the original acetylene flame was replaced by a flasher, which made the keeper superfluous.
South Shields is a coastal town at the mouth of the River Tyne, England, about 4.84 miles downstream from Newcastle upon Tyne.
The lighthouse is located on the southeastern corner of the island of Föhr, inside the town of Wyk auf Föhr in the Nordfriesland district.
It is the fourth oldest active lighthouse in the United States.
Historical brick Queen Anne style keepers quarters are collocated with the current lighthouse.
It sits on a spit of land, but is accessible only by boat.
Boon Island Light is located on the 300-by-700-foot Boon Island off the southern coast of Maine, United States, near Cape Neddick.
The Northwest Passage Light was a lighthouse located eight miles from Key West, Florida, at the entrance to the northwest channel to the Key West harbor.
Both lights are now owned by the Town of Rockport and managed by the Thacher Island Association.
Originally an 1883 timber frame lighthouse, covered with galvanised iron, it was replaced in 1975 with a modern square concrete equipment room, topped with a lantern.
While fragments of the light station complex remain as of 2013, the lighthouse tower succumbed to the effects of erosion on its exposed site in 1942.
The station was automated in 1998, one of the last to have been converted.
The light burns from 16 July until 21 May every year, but it does not burn in the summer due to the midnight sun.
It is a 29-foot high beacon constructed of boiler plate.
The Puerto Ferro Lighthouse is now part of the Vieques National Wildlife Refuge.
Other displays include the geology and natural history of the area, and local social history and culture.
The light characteristic shown is three flashes, one every two seconds, repeating every 15 secondsW.R.
It is the fourth oldest western style lighthouse to be built in Japan, and the second oldest surviving to the present day.
The lighthouse was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
The new light tower is similar to the new Ambrose Light built in 1999 but dismantled in 2008 after a ship struck it.
Other problems include asbestos tiles on the floor, lead paint on the walls, mold in most places and decaying brick and mortar work in the basement.
Winterton Lighthouse is located in Winterton-on-Sea in the English county of Norfolk.
The Cape Meares Light is an inactive lighthouse on the coast of Oregon.
Harmaja received the world's first directed and undirected radio beacon in 1936.
Cape Byron Light is an active lighthouse located at Cape Byron, New South Wales, Australia.
The Cape Neddick Light is a lighthouse in Cape Neddick, York, Maine.
The Fresnel lens was damaged in 1975 and destroyed in 1977.
Painted red, the light is situated on the north pier of the southern entrance to the Sturgeon Bay Ship Canal.
Its designation in German is Seefeuer Amrum.
The lighthouse sits on the islet of Oksøy which is located in the Kristiansandsfjorden, just east of the island of Flekkerøya.
The light was first established at the location in 1890.
The tugboats Sea Wolf, Sea Bear and Miss Yvette assisted.
It is a site of international research interest on coastal erosion.
The lighthouse and its boundary walls are Grade II Listed.
Kübassaare Lighthouse - a lighthouse located in Kübassaare Peninsula, in the easternmost point of Saaremaa; in Estonia.
Desdemona Sands is a group of shoals formerly named Chinook Sands.
It is located next to the Keskiniemi beacon tower built in 1858.
The 115-foot, white masonry tower, resembles the typical New England structure.
The population of the Tynemouth ward of North Tyneside was at the 2011 Census 10,472.
The front light was discontinued in 1932 and the rear light was replaced in 1938 with a skeleton tower.
Construction was started in 1960, and it was first lit on June 15, 1962.
Located on Undan Island, the lighthouse is located 25 kilometres off the coast of Malacca, and is situated on the summit of the island.
Castle Pinckney Light is a former lighthouse on Shutes' Folly Island in Charleston Harbor, Charleston County, South Carolina.
Although de Godeton died in 1327, the lighthouse was nevertheless completed in 1328.
The lighthouse is located on the Hel Peninsula, on Góra Szwedów, a 19 metre high hill.
Kalsholmen Lighthouse is a coastal lighthouse in the municipality of Meløy in Nordland county, Norway.
Its light is only visible on in the fairway of the harbour, between Shark Point and Point Piper.
In the summer of 2003, a replica was built from old photographs.
The drive mechanism was wound daily by the Ashford Family on whose land it was built.
The shore station was at Hynish on Tiree; operations were later transferred to Erraid, west of Mull.
The Dog Island Light was located on the western tip of Dog Island south of Carrabelle, Florida.
Due to efforts to reorganize the Lighthouse Board, Congress was slow to appropriate funds for the new lighthouses.
Ernest Hemingway's 1932 short story "After the Storm" is about a shipwreck between Garden Key and Rebecca Shoal, to the east of Garden Key.
The light was first established in 1858.
The Ballenas Island Light is an operational lighthouse built in 1900 but moved to its current location in 1912, located on West Ballenas Island, Canada.
In 2006 the lighthouse was auctioned by the GSA as government surplus to a private buyer.
It stands 55 feet tall, with a white light flashing every 10 seconds.
The light house is 40 feet tall and 270 feet above sea level.
Struten Lighthouse is a coastal lighthouse in the municipality of Fredrikstad in Østfold, Norway.
The light was established to guide through the dangerous passage formed by a chain of reefs.
The shoal was named after the Norwegian brig Alma got aground in heavy storm in 1866 in a place regarded as safe sea.
Completed in 1851, the structure was destroyed by fire in 1956 and its shell was razed; a replica was completed in 2008.
The Punta Jandía Lighthouse is an active lighthouse on the Canary island of Fuerteventura.
The current one, with distinctive red-and-white stripes, was built in 1858, and is an active aid to navigation.
Block Island Southeast Light is a lighthouse located on Mohegan Bluffs at the southeastern corner of Block Island, Rhode Island.
The lighthouse was built in 1839 based on drawings by Georg Holgreen.
The structure served as a daymark until 1940, when it was blown up.
It is the centre of Roman Catholicism in Guinea-Bissau.
Open fires, serving as beacons, have been lit at the site since early times.
Dark for many years, it was restored and converted to solar power by volunteers in 2005.
In 2003, the station was automated and the buildings were turned over to Vest-Agder county.
The current lighthouse dates from 1927; it is owned and operated by PD Ports.
The Pharos Lighthouse is a 93-foot tall sandstone lighthouse situated in Fleetwood, Lancashire, England.
Though it is an operational aid to navigation.
In 1868, a new granite dwelling with attached lantern was completed.
It is a major lighthouse of the French coast, with a theoretical range of 29 nautical miles.
The Morant Cays are administratively part of St Thomas, Jamaica.
It is one of the few lighthouses in the world with an elevator.
The removal work was done by Costello Dismantling Co. in September 2008.
The current pair of lighthouses were built in 1861.
Svaneke Lighthouse is located southeast of Svaneke harbour on the Danish island of Bornholm.
It is located at the end of the outer pier on the north side of the entrance to Jeddah Seaport.
De Ven is a lighthouse in Oosterdijk, a village in the municipality of Enkhuizen, Netherlands.
Accommodation is available in the old residences of the lighthouse keeper.
It was built in 1839 by J. Valk.
It served from 1835 to 1863, when it was replaced by the Söderskär lighthouse.
The Japanese Lighthouse is an abandoned lighthouse situated atop Navy Hill in Garapan, Saipan in the Northern Mariana Islands.
It was the first so-called sparkplug lighthouse in the United States.
Although it has been modernised, many original elements remain.
The lighthouse was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 19, 1984 as Two Harbors Light Station, reference number 84001483.
Ryvingen Lighthouse was first lit in 1867 and it was automated in 2002, and is listed as a protected historical site.
Its twin is located on the grounds of the Buffalo Light.
On a clear day one can also see Denmark's largest island, Zealand to the south-east.
It had a 30-second dwell time between flashes, in order to conserve power.
The West Chop Light Station has been on the National Park Service's National Register of Historic Places since 1987.
It was built on sand between 1961 and 1964.
The 1904 lens was repaired in 2004 with steel bearings to replace the mercury.
The Garden Key Light, also known as the Tortuga Harbor Light, is located at Fort Jefferson, on Garden Key in the Dry Tortugas, Florida.
The lighthouse is located southwest of Fosnavåg and Eggesbønes and north of the island of Gurskøya.
Nærøysund Lighthouse is a coastal lighthouse in the municipality of Vikna in Nord-Trøndelag, Norway.
It is considered to be iconic, and has been the subject of memorabilia.
The Grip Lighthouse is located in Grip in the municipality of Kristiansund in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
The light flashes every 12 seconds and can be seen for 19 nautical miles.
Pendeen Lighthouse, also known as Pendeen Watch is located 2 kilometres to the north of Pendeen in west Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
The station was established in 1892 with a temporary light, and this light started service in 1895, and was fully automated in 1972.
It is located at the end of the main breakwater of the Herzliya marina.
Finally, in 1893 the current, 35-foot, white conical wood tower was constructed, 40 feet inland from the previous one.
The lighthouse is situated on an islet off Cockspur Island at the south channel of the Savannah River near Lazaretto Creek, northwest of Tybee Island, Georgia.
The present building was completed in 1858 and was first lit on September 1, in the same year.
There is also a leading light beacon on the cliff below West Blockhouse Fort, set up by Trinity House engineers in 1957.
Founded in 1889, the Old Mackinac Point Light Station was in operation from 1890 until 1957.
The overall height of the tower is 18 metres.
The Lizard Lighthouse is a lighthouse at Lizard Point in Cornwall, England, built to guide vessels passing through the English Channel.
The traditional owners of the area are the Bardi peoples.
Kirby Cove Camp is a campground and scenic area managed by the Golden Gate National Recreation Area in the Marin Headlands, California.
The tower is closed to the public.
A spiral staircase ran from the cellar to the top floor.
Today, the light source is electricity, however, a butane gas lighting system is also installed for backup purposes.
The last lighthouse was built in 1891, with a 5th order Fresnel Lens in a 45-foot tower.
They were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
Its light characteristic is three white flashes every 18 seconds.
The light served guiding ships into the port.
The current lighthouse had a height of 11 metres, before it was extended to 18 metres in 1939.
The lighthouse is operated and maintained by the Fremantle Port Authority for the benefit of coastal shipping approaching Fremantle Harbour from the south west.
In 2000, 85 volunteers worked steadily for thirty days, and completed 75% of a 300-foot-long seawall to protect the light.
For almost a century, from 1878 to 1974, it was the tallest lighthouse in the Netherlands, until the construction of Maasvlakte Light.
It was built during the years 1960–62 and commissioned on 15 August 1962.
The structure is composed of pink granite, and marks the entrance to the channel leading to the port of Ploumanac'h.
The name means "Stranger's Point" in Scottish Gaelic.
The site is accessible by walking the breakwater.
The Coast Guard continues to maintain the navigation aids.
South Shields is represented in Parliament by Labour MP Emma Lewell-Buck.
It is an active navigation aid for vessels entering the East Passage between Conanicut Island and Aquidneck Island.
President Thomas Jefferson signed an act to build the lighthouse in 1806, and construction was completed in 1807.
In 1890, a fog whistle was added, in 1905 a siren was installed.
It was listed in the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
Construction on the lighthouse was started on October 1893 and it was first lit on December 1896 while the station was still partially complete.
It is located on the South-West corner of the city's ancient walls, at what is believed to be the former site of an Ottoman Burj-El-Sanjak.
The Sea Girt Light is a lighthouse marking the inlet leading to the Wreck Pond in Sea Girt in Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States.
The distance between the lights is 945 metres.
Although it stood near the water’s edge, it was the rear range light in conjunction with the Point Comfort Light on the beach.
Spurn Head covers 280 acres above high water and 450 acres of foreshore.
During World War II, the lighthouse was used as a lookout.
Stamford Harbor Ledge Lighthouse is a lighthouse in Connecticut, United States, on the Stamford Harbor entrance on Chatham Rock near Stamford, Connecticut.
Fugløykalven Lighthouse is a coastal lighthouse in the municipality of Karlsøy in Troms county, Norway.
The light was fully automated in 1986 and is now managed from a control room in Wellington.
The historic lighthouse was active from 1889 to 1993 and is still present, though its future is unclear.
The original ten lamps were replaced in 1852 with a fourth-order Fresnel lens, and with a fifth-order Fresnel lens in 1890.
Myken Lighthouse is a coastal lighthouse on the small island of Jutøya in the Myken island ground in the municipality of Rødøy in Nordland county, Norway.
The Delaware Breakwater Range Rear Light was a lighthouse west of Lewes, Delaware.
It was built in 1872 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
The lighthouse is located one mile northwest of East Point on Fisher's Island, Suffolk County, New York.
Cordouan lighthouse is an active lighthouse located 7 kilometres at sea, near the mouth of the Gironde estuary in France.
The Ushenish Lighthouse is an active lighthouse located in South Uist, Outer Hebrides, Scotland.
The Bodkin Island Light was a lighthouse on the Chesapeake Bay, United States, the first erected in Maryland.
The tower was built in 1901 and heightened in 1908.
The lighthouse was established in 1848 and the last tower was first lit in 1882.
A generator room was built on the east side of the lighthouse to house three generators.
Located in American waters just north of the border to Canada it was moved to Marine City, Michigan upon its deactivation.
The name Baccalieu is derived either from the Portuguese bacalhau, Spanish bacalao or the Basque baccalos, all meaning "codfish".
It is 32 feet high, and constructed of locally quarried limestone.
The Alpena Light, also known as the Thunder Bay River Lighthouse or Alpena Breakwater Light, is a lighthouse on Lake Huron near Alpena, Michigan.
It is located in the city of Santa Cruz at the north end of Monterey Bay.
The Chetwai lighthouse is situated at Chettuva near Guruvayur in Thrissur District of Kerala.
When constructed in 1876 the light was approximately 1,200 feet from the water's edge.
It was replaced by an automated light in 1986.
This lighthouse is located in Krynica Morska, Pomeranian Voivodship, Poland.
This lighthouse marks the separation between North and South Asylum Bays.
The lighthouse tower is 10 metres tall, and the light at the top of the tower is located 36.5 metres above sea level.
Blåvand Lighthouse is a seacoast lighthouse in Blåvandshuk near Esbjerg, Denmark.
Cape Race Lighthouse is an active lighthouse located in Avalon Peninsula, Newfoundland.
The engineers next put steel frames in place, providing stability for a three-story brick lighthouse and an attached one-story fog signal building.
The location first had a stone beacon in 1832.
Plum Island is closed to the public to protect ground nesting migratory birds.
Goat Island Light is a lighthouse located off Cape Porpoise near Kennebunkport in southern Maine.
The lighthouse is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
It is one of Sweden's most famous lighthouses along with Kullen, Vinga and Landsort, and also the tallest lighthouse in Sweden.
The automatic beacon was replaced in 1975 by an automatic lighthouse facility.
The waters south of Sumba are notorious for their unpredictability.
Southwest Ledge Light is an active lighthouse in New Haven, Connecticut.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973 and declared a Mississippi Landmark in 1987.
It is a listed building in Sweden.
The structure is characterized by the symbol of public recognition of the city, one of the most representative and popular tourist attractions in the area.
Louisbourg Lighthouse is an active Canadian lighthouse in Louisbourg, Nova Scotia.
In September 1998, the lighthouse was toppled by Hurricane Georges.
The Coast Guard determined that the light was no longer needed and deactivated it in 1984.
The 1500 ton steamship came to rest just 200 yards from the workmen's platform.
Puerto Morelos Lighthouse is an active lighthouse in the town and port of Puerto Morelos, on the Riviera Maya in the state of Quintana Roo, Mexico.
The lighthouse is open on Saturdays and the first Sunday of every month from June through October.
It is not on the state list.
The site can be visited but the tower is closed.
The station was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Manana Island Fog Signal Station in 2002.
The Finns Point Range Rear Light is a lighthouse in Pennsville Township, Salem County, New Jersey.
The Choptank River Light was a screw-pile lighthouse located near Oxford, Maryland.
Foundations were laid on 12 April 1857 with construction carried out by local builder William Falkingbridge of Well Close Square, Whitby.
Originally named Faro de Mala Pascua after the Cape to the west.
A house with a lantern on top, it was first lit in 1854 but was extinguished in the Civil War and was not relit until 1868.
But in 1916 an order came down and the keeper at Plum Island Light was informed that purchasing supplies at Fort Terry was no longer allowed.
Barber's Point Light is an inactive lighthouse on Lake Champlain in New York.
At a height of 216 feet it is the twelfth-tallest "traditional lighthouse" in the world.
The lighthouse was first built in 1832.
It was named to the National Register of Historic Places on March 16, 1972 and was designated a New York City Landmark on March 23, 1976.
It was probably in Falmouth Harbor at the same location as a current skeleton tower light which is named Falmouth Inner Harbor Light 1.
By the 1911 census there was only one dwelling house listed on the island.
Sandettie Light Vessel Automatic is the name of a lightvessel stationed in the North Sea.
It is an active aid to navigation.
The lighthouse complex includes a weather station and a telecommunications station.
The Tinicum Island Range Lights were activated on New Year’s Eve 1880.
There was no lighthouse at this location prior to the installation of the present structure.
Before the conversion to electricity a gas works was located on the island to power the lighthouse, the piers and even part of Holyhead itself.
The two Basses lighthouses, 'Great' and 'Little', are among the most famous offshore lighthouses of Asia.
It is located on the mainland coast along the Ulvesundet strait.
The lighthouse was converted to mains power electricity in 1974.
The Pointe des Corbeaux lighthouse is a French lighthouse, located on the eponymous point on the Île d'Yeu.
The lighthouse is now privately owned but can be seen on Google Street view or directly from Harbor Road in Hyannis.
It sits on a promontory about 5 kilometres west of Nærbø.
Oland lighthouse is Germany's smallest lighthouse, being only 7.4 metres tall.
The new and current lighthouse was constructed in 1908 as an Moorish Revival style "square tower on castle".
Ulvesund Lighthouse is a coastal lighthouse located in Vågsøy Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.
The Port of Aarhus built Sletterhage Lighthouse.
The current lighthouse was built in 1954 to replace the temporary wooden structure which was erected after the war.
The original lighthouses at Lowestoft, which were established in 1609, were the first lights to be built by Trinity House.
The confluence of two waterways make this area busy with water traffic and the waters around Point Judith are very cold and dangerous.
Workers lived in a structure at the site; one of the limiting conditions.
Avery Rock Light was a lighthouse in Avery Rock, Machias Bay, Maine, United States.
The Sentinel Island Light is a lighthouse in Alaska adjacent to Lynn Canal.
The grounds only are publicly accessible, but a hike is required.
noted in the log of HMS Himalaya on 19 July 1917.
It replaced the wooden Dumpling Rock Light, built 1889, which in turn replaced the original stone lighthouse established in 1829.
It is located on a terrace of Castello Ruffo di Scilla, in the town of Scilla on the Strait of Messina.
One of the oldest skeletal lighthouses on the Great Lakes, it played an important role in transportation on Lake Superior.
Cape Martin Lighthouse is a lighthouse located on Cape Martin near Beachport at the north end of Rivoli Bay in South Australia.
Tangasseri Lighthouse or Thangassery Lighthouse is situated at Tangasseri in Kollam city of the Indian state of Kerala.
The light sits at an elevation of 17.5 metres above sea level.
They replaced an older arrangement involving the Nantucket Beacon and the Brant Point Light, which became unusable when the latter was replaced with a new tower.
The Japanese Lighthouse, or Poluwat Lighthouse, is an abandoned lighthouse situated on Alet Island in Poluwat, Chuuk in the Federated States of Micronesia.
At a height of 205 feet it is the seventeenth tallest "traditional lighthouse" in the world.
It had a population of 454, decreasing to 414 at the 2011 census.
The Milwaukee Pierhead Light is an active lighthouse located in the Milwaukee harbor, just south of downtown.
The Haig Point range lights were lit in 1873.
It shares its name with the rock on which it was erected between 1867 and 1881.
The automation of the lighthouse with a modern beacon took place in 1963, the year Alcatraz closed as the Alcatraz Federal Penitentiary.
It was established in 1874, automated in 1968, and was listed as a protected site in 1997.
An early lighthouse was established here in the 17th century by Robert Reading.
It serves as the rear range light companion to the Vaucluse Bay Range Front Light, into Vaucluse Bay.
It was designed by Quirinus Harder and activated finished in 1875.
The most common path is to go south of Bois Blanc Island.
It is one of only two surviving lighthouses of this form, the other being Old Burnett Heads Light.
It was automated in 1967, and is still in operation.
It was located at Gee's Point and was sometimes referred to as Gee's Point Light.
Grinna Lighthouse is a coastal lighthouse in the municipality of Vikna in Nord-Trøndelag, Norway.
The present light is located adjacent to the old lighthouse.
In 1827, a rotating light was installed to differentiate it from the Stonington Harbor Light in Connecticut.
This lighthouse is white in colour with red trim.
The light station has been declared surplus, and the application for transfer under the National Historic Lighthouse Preservation Act of 2000 is under review.
A floating light was placed at the Demerara bar in March 1838 and a system of signalling to the lighthouse was established.
A lighthouse on the point marks the northern entrance to The Minch.
It was quickly deemed inadequate for its important seacoast location due to its low height and poor visibility at sea.
The lightkeeper's home and the lighthouse can be toured from mid June to Labour Day for a fee.
An automated light tower and day beacon were erected on the original caisson, and continue to serve as a navigation aid.
Closed since the 1970s, the rear range lighthouse was listed in 1984 on the National Register of Historic Places.
The water supply was a cistern in the base of the structure.
The security system came in the form of a fully uniformed mannequin, stationed in one of the upper windows of the dwelling.
The lighthouse is located in between the Czołpino Lighthouse and the Rozewie Lighthouse.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2011.
Caribou Island is about 55 km off Agawa Bay on the east shore of the lake.
The light is 67 metres above the high tide, and flashes 4 times every 15 seconds.
The light was deactivated on October 31, 2008, due to changes in the harbour reducing its usefulness.
The Cove Island Light, at Gig Point on the island, is located in Fathom Five National Marine Park, on the Bruce Peninsula, Ontario Canada.
This was the last lighthouse built by the Spanish government on the island.
The current Egmont Key Light dates from 1858.
Kinkasan Lighthouse is a lighthouse on Kinkasan, an island off the Oshika Peninsula in Ishinomaki, Miyagi, Japan.
Tranøy Lighthouse is a coastal lighthouse located on the islet of Tranøy in the municipality of Hamarøy in Nordland county, Norway.
The lighthouse building was tripled in size in 1905 when a U.S. Navy wireless station was established there.
It is located on the island of Skomvær, about 15 kilometres southwest of the main island of Røstlandet.
The lighthouse provides a visual aid to the villages of Mortehoe, Woolacombe and Ilfracombe, and warns of the inhospitable and rocky coast that lines the area.
The lighthouse tower portion is now located at the Woodley Island Marina within the City of Eureka.
The previous lens was moved to the Chequamegon Point Lighthouse in 1897.
Point Aux Roches Light, sometimes referred to as Pointe Au Roches or Point Au Roches, is a lighthouse on Lake Champlain in New York.
Unlike many Great Lakes lighthouses, Forty Mile Point Light does not mark a significant harbor or river mouth.
It is operated and maintained by the Commissioners of Irish Lights.
This is because at that time, steel still was not able to be bent.
The Alderney Lighthouse is a stone lighthouse built on the North-East coast of the island of Alderney.
The low light was demolished over a century ago and what remained of the high light has been rebuilt in Hartlepool Marina.
The lighthouse marks the entrance to the upper Vestfjorden, the broad sound between the mainland and the Lofoten Islands.
It rises to about 30 metres above low water mark and is separated from the much smaller southern Little Fastnet by a 10 metres wide channel.
Cuttyhunk Light was a lighthouse at the west end of Cuttyhunk Island, Massachusetts.
Cloch or Cloch Point is a point on the coast of the Firth of Clyde, Scotland.
The lighthouse has not been used since 2008.
Cape Decision is a lighthouse located on Kuiu Island adjacent to Sumner Strait in Southeast Alaska.
It is a famous landmark on the Marina Beach in Chennai, India.
The structure houses a museum featuring the maritime history of Vieques and the Americas as well as other historical exhibits.
The two bushes for which the island was named have long since vanished.
Its white light is visible for 20 nautical miles.
The Minneapolis Shoal Light Station is a light house located in northern Green Bay, 6.6 miles south of Peninsula Point near Big Bay de Noc, Michigan.
Its offers panoramic views of the island of São Vicente to the south.
The Amelia Island Light is the oldest existing lighthouse in the state of Florida in the United States.
The light, which has a range of 23 nautical miles, was automated in 1975.
The former keeper's house began operating as a bed and breakfast in 1980.
A re-creation of the keepers' quarters was opened in 2002 and serves as a museum and gift shop.
The lighthouse is lit from July 21 until May 16 each year.
A frame addition was added to the keepers quarters to accommodate assistant keepers.
The Barrenjoey Head lighthouse was the third light constructed on the Barrenjoey, New South Wales headland, and was completed in 1881.
The white tower is 20 metres in height and its base is at an elevation of 12 metres.
It remains in use today, monitored and controlled from the Trinity House Operations and Planning Centre at Harwich, Essex.
It was since transferred to the United States Lighthouse Service and later came under the jurisdiction of the United States Coast Guard.
This light was built in 1906 as a replacement for the old Kenosha Light.
Considered as a whole with the natural rock on which it stands, as it is commonly perceived and represented, its height is 383 feet.
It was planned and approved in 1982 and completed in 1984.
Cherry Island Range Rear Light is a lighthouse in Wilmington, Delaware, United States, on the Delaware River, just north of the Christina River, Delaware.
There is a long term lease with the Sodus Bay Historical Society to manage the lighthouse.
In the middle of the 20th century, the wood towers were replaced by steel skeleton towers.
There is a museum in the lighthouse and the keeper's house is available for private functions or overnight accommodations.
The light marks the northwestern-most point in Luzon.
The 1873 tower was dismantled in 1979 and later partially restored near the entrance to the Fort Morgan museum.
Ristna Lighthouse is a lighthouse located in Ristna Point, Kõpu Peninsula, on the island of Hiiumaa in Estonia.
The lighthouse boasts breath-taking scenes of Marsascala and Birżebbuġa which is found opposite the lighthouse.
Yerba Buena Lighthouse is a lighthouse in California, United States, in the San Francisco Bay on Yerba Buena Island, California
The Morro Jable Lighthouse is an active lighthouse on the Canary island of Fuerteventura.
Lynmouth Foreland Lighthouse is located on Foreland Point.
It was decommissioned in 1924 and converted to a private residence which was demolished in September 2010.
The lantern room originally housed an unusual 3 ½-order Fresnel lens manufactured by Barbier & Benard of Paris.
Designed by architect Niels Sigfred Nebelong, it was brought into operation on 1 November 1858.
Heron Neck Light is a lighthouse on Green's Island in Vinalhaven, Maine at the south end of Penobscot Bay.
The light is listed in the National Register of Historic Places, and is part of the Oregon Islands National Wildlife Refuge.
There is also a pilot station on the island.
Browns Head Light is a lighthouse in Vinalhaven, Maine.
The Manitowoc Breakwater Light is a lighthouse located near Manitowoc in Manitowoc County, Wisconsin.
The lighthouse marks the northern point of the Cape, and the entrance to Cleveland Bay.
The lighthouse appeared on an Israeli stamp issued 26 November 2009.
This lantern holds the original housing of the Chance Bros. 1st order bivalve dioptric Fresnel lens.
The present lighthouse is located about 400 metres west of the original lighthouse building.
The Sullivan's Island Range Lights were range lights on the southern end of Sullivan's Island in Charleston County, South Carolina.
The light was first lit on July 1, 1889.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 29, 1979
Bari Light, also known as Punta San Cataldo Light is an active lighthouse in Bari, Italy.
It was established in 1869, and automated in 1988.
Torsvåg Lighthouse is a coastal lighthouse located in the municipality of Karlsøy in Troms county, Norway.
Its purpose was to be the main approach light to the Wellington Harbour, as well as a coastal light for the Cook Strait.
In 1986, the Coast Guard moved the light back from the shore, where it was threatened by erosion.
The Green Point Lighthouse, Cape Town is an operational lighthouse on the South African coast, first lit on 12 April 1824.
The keepers were briefly known for their one-hole golf course following their appearance on TV.
The original lighthouse which was built in the mid 19th century still exists alongside the modern rectangular tower which opened in 1990.
It is also one of only two towers in Australia with an external stairway.
There are 32 granite steps which lead to the lantern that are cantilevered without the use of mortar.
Port Adelaide Lighthouse is a lighthouse located on the North Parade of Port Adelaide.
The Wyre Light was a 40-foot tall iron screw-pile lighthouse marking the navigation channel to the town of Fleetwood, Lancashire, England.
The Puerto del Rosario Lighthouse also known as the Punta Gaviota lighthouse is a modern active lighthouse on the Canary island of Fuerteventura.
It is only accessible during low tide by the Indian Navy.
Märket is the westernmost land point of Finland.
United States Lighthouse Board records initially used both names when referring to the lighthouse, but by 1889 Skillagalee started to be used exclusively.
It measures 10 feet 3⁄4 inch at the bottom and 2 feet 3 inches at the top.
Omaezaki Lighthouse is a lighthouse located on a hill at the outermost extremity of Cape Omaezaki south of Omaezaki port, Shizuoka Prefecture, Japan.
Cape Fourcroy Light is an active lighthouse located on Cape Fourcroy, on the southwestern tip of Bathurst Island, Northern Territory, Australia.
When the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge opened in 1965 the lighthouse became obsolete.
The northeastern-most being Cape Engaño Lighthouse on Palaui Island, Santa Ana, Cagayan.
Mahon River Lighthouse is a U.S. lighthouse in Port Mahon, Delaware, on the west side of the mouth of the Delaware River.
Access can be had by traveling a small footbidge across the channel.
As such it is a sea mark and also a minor daymark.
It was listed as a Federal Heritage Building on March 31, 1994.
Dondra is therefore derived to mean "City of the Gods".
The North Cape Light is an active lighthouse on Prince Edward Island, Canada.
Åsvær Lighthouse is an active coastal lighthouse located on the island of Åsvær in the municipality of Dønna in Nordland county, Norway.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
In 1981, Wood End Light became the first Massachusetts lighthouse to be converted to use solar energy to power the light and fog signal equipment.
It provides the rear light of the Rackhams Cay Range.
With a height of 191 feet, the third and final Cape Charles tower is the second tallest lighthouse in the United States.
The lighthouse was deactivated in 1933 and purchased by the State of Michigan.
The light was relit in 2000, with 400 pounds of mercury replaced by a specially designed ball-bearing assembly.
The lighthouse itself was added in 1650.
The light is located on McGulpin Point, approximately 3 miles west of Fort Michilimackinac.
The Rock Harbor Lighthouse is a light station located in Rock Harbor on Isle Royale National Park, Michigan.
The present structure was built in 1889.
The 21-metre tall lighthouse emits a white, red, or green light occulting twice every 8 seconds.
The Watchet Harbour Lighthouse is a marine navigational aid marking the entrance to a Marina within the town of Watchet, in Somerset, England.
The Key West lighthouse is located in Key West, Florida.
The current Point Prim Lighthouse is the fourth in a line of lighthouses built at Point Prim since 1804.
Blå Jungfrun Östra is a lighthouse located in coastal town of Oskarshamn in Sweden, Europe.
The Tuskar Rock lighthouse, built from granite and standing 120 feet tall, was built over a period of years beginning in 1812.
A distinctive rock formation known as Mother Ann is located along the shore near the lighthouse.
Klaipėda Lighthouse - a lighthouse located in Klaipėda, on the Lithuanian coast of the Baltic Sea; located 500 metres from the coast.
Grotto Point Light is located almost exactly 1 mile to be exact) in front of Parriwi Head Light.
Then, when the Cape Cod Canal opened in 1914, there was a significant increase in vessel traffic past the light.
The Pelican Bay Light is a small, privately owned lighthouse in Brookings, Oregon, United States.
The current structure and its still operational light was lit in 1927, and automated in 1972.
The Hawkins Point Light was an unusual screw-pile lighthouse which displayed the front light to the Brewerton Channel Range.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
The light is 100 feet above the water.
The lighthouse is painted white with a red top.
Breaksea Island Lighthouse is an active lighthouse located at Breaksea Island in King George Sound 12 kilometres from Albany .
Before the current light was installed, there were no lighthouses at this location.
The island is now part of the Tasman National Park.
It went out of service in 1988 and is currently owned by the National Trust.
Shirasu Lighthouse is a lighthouse on the island of Ainoshima, which is administered by Kokurakita-ku, Kitakyūshū, Japan.
Sandy Point Shoal Light is a brick three story lighthouse on a caisson foundation that was erected in 1883.
Visitors can climb about 300 steps down to the lighthouse itself, weather permitting.
A further hazard to shipping is an island group known collectively as The Five Islands lying a short distance off the coast.
It was erected in 1862, marking the western channel.
Presently, the lighthouse is in danger of collapsing.
The station is still staffed by resident keepers.
In 1896, it was replaced by a square, white steel room sitting on steel legs.
It is owned and operated by Maritime New Zealand.
Round Island Passage Light is an automated, unmanned 1948 lighthouse located in the Round Island Channel in the Straits of Mackinac, Michigan.
Limited developments on the island are managed in partnership with Washington State Parks and volunteers with the nonprofit friends group Keeper of the Patos Light.
It was lit on 15 February 1872.
The lighthouse is about 16 kilometres north of the town of Bodø and about 3 kilometres southeast of Landegode Lighthouse.
The light is 136 feet above the water.
It was built in 1857 by David and Thomas Stevenson and is operated by the Northern Lighthouse Board.
Hallands Väderö is a Swedish island located in the northwest corner of the Scania province, but it is named after the province above; Halland.
The site is accessible, but the tower is closed to the public.
The main light has an intensity of 2,430,000 candelas and it can be seen for up to 11.9 nautical miles.
Stoer Head is a point of land north of Lochinver in Sutherland, NW Scotland.
The lighthouse was built in 1937, it is a circular concrete tower with a lantern and double gallery.
Keeper's quarters were added to the island in 1860.
The 1000 W light was fully automated in 1989 and demanned.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
Kaliakra Lighthouse - a lighthouse located in the Southern Dobruja Region on the northern part of Bulgaria's coast of the Black Sea; in Bulgaria.
Part of the lighthouse foundation remains and the remains of the lighthouse are underwater nearby.
The lighthouse is a listed building in Sweden since 1935.
In 1892 the current lighthouse tower was built from granite.
Historically in County Durham, the town has a population of 75,337, the third largest in Tyneside after Newcastle and Gateshead.
He often remarked to friends and relatives he wished a lighthouse was in the area to aid that navigation.
The United States Coast Guard Light List description is "Square skeleton tower; brown to gallery; black above".
It is across from the Ahırkapı Feneri, which is on the Rumelian coast of the strait at a distance of 1.5 nmi.
The Walton lighthouse was built in 2001 with donations including $60,000 from Charles Walton.
The Kannur lighthouse is located near the Payyambalam Beach, a few kilometers from Kannur town, in Kerala state, south India.
Oakland Harbor Light is a former lighthouse, now a restaurant in Embarcadero Cove, California.
By 1966, an electric motor was installed to rotate the lens, allowing the Toledo Harbor Lighthouse to operate with little human intervention.
Construction of the lighthouse began in 1899.
It is located approximately 400 km north from Winnipeg, and approximately halfway between the shore communities of Grand Rapids and Poplar River.
It is located on the island of Bastøy in Oslofjorden southeast of Horten.
The lighthouse was built in 1889 and went in service on October 1, 1891.
The lighthouse is owned by the Norwegian Coastal Administration.
It is also the only lighthouse in India within the city limits.
Whitby Jet, which was mined by the Romans and Victorians, became fashionable during the 19th century.
The lighthouse was blown up by the Soviet soldiers before evacuation in 1941.
It was reactivated in 1995 and is a tourist attraction for the Whyalla area and an icon of the Point Lowly area.
The structure was sold for $160 with a clause requiring the purchaser to remove it from the island.
It floated nearly five miles down the Chesapeake—with its keepers still inside—until it ran aground, allowing the men to escape unharmed.
The lighthouse tower was painted white and blue waves in 1994.
The modern lighthouses of Arenas Blancas and Punta Lava are located on the eastern and western sides of the island.
Erected to replace a lightship in 1962, it was decommissioned in 1989 due to its deteriorating condition.
It is a very popular wedding church and one of the first landmarks for people arriving in Helsinki by sea.
The 10-metre tall tower emits a white, red, or green light, depending on direction, occulting once every 6 seconds.
The tower, built in 1881, is a conical cast iron structure 30 feet tall, replacing a stone tower first built on the site in 1821.
The Cape du Couedic Lighthouse is a lighthouse in South Australia located at Cape du Couedic on Kangaroo Island.
The lighthouse is located at the west side of the Borkum island.
They were both equipped with first order Fresnel lenses, which stood approximately 10 feet high and weighed several tons.
It was irreparably damaged by the hurricane of 1938 and was replaced the following year by an automated light on a steel tower.
Jeddah Light is an active lighthouse in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia.
The lighthouse was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
The Punta Abona Lighthouse is an active lighthouse on the south-eastern coast of Tenerife in the Canary islands.
Although no longer used as a functioning lighthouse, the tower is a fixture at the state park and is open to visitors.
The Cape Sorell Lighthouse is a heritage-listed lighthouse that is located on Cape Sorell in the West Coast region of Tasmania, Australia.
It was upgraded several times before being deactivated in 1993.
The lens was used until the 1990s before an aerobeacon was installed on the lantern's balcony.
The second tower was one of the first prefabricated cylindrical lighthouses in the country and remains active.
The light was automated with acetylene gas in 1911.
An octagonal wood tower on top of a keeper's house was built in 1901 and was destroyed by fire in 1976.
Historically, even with active lighthouses, there have been many shipwrecks off these coasts.
The cathedral is under the Diocese of Guinea-Bissau, which was created in 1977.
This harbor is a natural bay and sheltered on the north by Grand Island.
It stands at the end of Poplar Point, marking the southern point of Wickford Harbor.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Ram Island Light Station on January 21, 1988.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
Tybee Island Light is a lighthouse next to the Savannah River Entrance, on the northeast end of Tybee Island, Georgia.
The Gabo Island Lighthouse is an active lighthouse located on Gabo Island, Victoria, Australia.
The Tuhawaiki Point Lighthouse or Jack’s Point Lighthouse stands near to Timaru at the east coast of the South Island of New Zealand.
Hillsboro Inlet Lighthouse is a lighthouse located on the north side of Hillsboro Inlet, midway between Fort Lauderdale and Boca Raton, in Hillsboro Beach, Florida.
The Highland Light is an active lighthouse on the Cape Cod National Seashore in North Truro, Massachusetts.
During those 72 years, there were no shipwrecks within the vicinity of Turtle Island.
In 1907, the steamer Larchmont collided with a schooner, killing 200 people four miles from the lighthouse.
All lines converge on Corregidor light at the bay entrance.
This light is maintained by the US Coast Guard.
It is occupied by a resident lighthousekeeper who is also responsible for Blackrock Lighthouse.
The Windmill Point Light in Vermont is the northernmost lighthouse on Lake Champlain.
The light was originally fuelled by oil.
Many of the old cabins on the islands can be hired during summer season.
This first lighthouse, called the Lloyd Harbor Light, was of little help to ships entering the adjoining Huntington Harbor.
Helical bars support the glass panes in the onion-domed topped lantern room.
After the present tower was constructed in 1983, the light source was replaced on 23 July 1995.
The light acted as a landfall marker for shipping destined for Paphos harbour from Britain.
The white building consists of a 24.3-metre high red iron tower on a stone base.
It was particularly noted for its ornate woodwork.
The lighthouse is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Sunosaki Lighthouse is a lighthouse located in the city of Tateyama, Chiba Prefecture, Japan at the southern tip of the Bōsō Peninsula.
The granite tower is painted white with a brown band around the middle.
It connects the Intracoastal Waterway and the Harbour Town Marina with the Atlantic Ocean.
Fairhaven Bridge Light was a lighthouse on the bridge from New Bedford to Fairhaven, Massachusetts, at the north end of New Bedford Harbor.
The light was added to the National Register of Historic Places as Greens Ledge Lighthouse on May 29, 1990.
There has been a haven for ships at Donaghadee for centuries, and there has also existed a harbour since at least the 17th century.
Along with electronic navigational aids, the five-second flash lighthouse is approximately 21 metres above water level.
The tower is painted white with one black horizontal band and the roof on the light is red.
The Lighthouse on Turtle Rock is a lighthouse built in 1887 to aid traffic on the Schuylkill River near Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
On the seaward side of the bottleneck entrance to the goulet, the lighthouse faces the Pointe des Espagnols.
Nearly identical lights were constructed at Sabin Point, Rose Island, and Colchester Reef.
It is distinguished by four cast iron port windows and a curved iron door.
In 2011, the excess property was put up for auction and was purchased by Heather McGee and John Burhani.
There was a serious fire in 1967.
It is notable as being the first lighthouse that was built with a diagonally paned lantern room.
The lighthouse is painted white and the lantern roof is painted red.
It was also the last of 12 manned lighthouses that were started in Alaska.
The original structure was destroyed during the Great Kantō earthquake on September 1, 1923 and was replaced with the current reinforced-concrete structure on July 4, 1925.
It was first lit on September 1, 1903, and originally equipped with a 6th-order Fresnel lens.
Morant Point Lighthouse is on the easternmost tip of Jamaica.
Blue sharks have also been seen feeding on the tuna nearby.
The Passage Island Light Station is a lighthouse located 3.25 mi NE of Isle Royale, in NW Lake Superior, Michigan on Passage Island.
The light is 11 miles offshore, and therefore not visible from land.
St. Croix River Light is a lighthouse on the St. Croix River, Maine, close to the Canada–United States border.
First established in 1823, it was rebuilt several times.
Airplanes can see its flashes from over 100 miles away.
The original rear tower suffered during the Civil War and was replaced with the current tower in 1868.
An t-Iasgair is a skerry in the Little Minch, to the north of the Trotternish peninsula of Skye.
The light is active aid to navigation and is a housing facility for the United States Coast Guard.
This modern lighthouse has a unique angular design, consisting of unequal and irregular columns of increasing height rising from a triangular base.
In 1902 the lighthouse became powered by electricity.
It is one of the most powerful in the world.
Bird Island Light is a historic lighthouse at the entrance to Sippican Harbor, Marion, Massachusetts.
In October 1944, the lighthouse and the surrounding buildings were attacked by allied airplanes.
The station is owned and managed by the Queensland Parks and Wildlife Service.
It is sited on a peninsula known as Paphos point which extends into the Mediterranean Sea, at the south western end of the island.
Long abandoned but still standing, it was succeeded by two further structures, both since destroyed.
The lighthouse had a foghorn that was used from 1877 until 1987.
It guides navigation through the Virgin Passage and the Vieques Sound connecting in the Puerto Rico Light System with the Cape San Juan Light.
The structure was again damaged in 1945 by bombardment by the United States Navy.
This modern lighthouse is situated within a seafront car park, to the west of the small port in the town.
They were part of the Plum Island United States Life-Saving Station.
Bressay Lighthouse is still an active lighthouse in the Shetland Islands, Scotland, 4 kilometres south-east of Lerwick.
It is administered as part of the City of Sunderland.
It is known as the Lighthouse of Presidents because several early US Presidents visited or stayed on the grounds.
It was automated at the time of its construction, and is controlled from Les Sables-d'Olonne; it is government property, and may not be visited.
The lighthouse is 33 metres in height, built as a double-cylindrical structure, with a 3.5 metre high storage building westward of the lighthouse.
The light was built in 1897 and was originally fueled by oil.
Ona Lighthouse is located on the small island of Ona in Sandøy Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
Work was suspended a month before on November 1896 on the onset of the Philippine Revolution.
The lighthouse was placed on Vlieland in 1909, on top of one of the Voorboetsduin, one of the highest sand dunes in the Netherlands.
The Choctaw Point Light was a lighthouse located just south of Mobile, Alabama on the west shore of Mobile Bay.
The 80-foot light tower marks the shoals at the confluence of the Cape Fear River and the Atlantic Ocean.
Storholmen Lighthouse is an active lighthouse in the municipality of Giske in Møre og Romsdal county on the west coast of Norway.
Race Rock Light is a lighthouse on Race Rock Reef, southwest of Fishers Island, New York.
The present operational tower is 13 metres in height and is painted white.
It started functioning on 30 June 1972.
It is also a Dutch rolling tobacco brand, classified as heavy, containing 12mg of tar and 1.3mg of nicotine per 750mg of tobacco.
Slangkop Lighthouse is a lighthouse near the town of Kommetjie, near Cape Town, South Africa.
A spiral staircase with 216 treads, enclosed in the tube, leads upwards to the generator room.
Due to erosion, the front light was moved to the location of the former rear light and became the rear light.
This 1857 light tower is the current Thunder Bay Island Light, although the tower has been further altered and is currently 63 feet high.
Gull Island Light is a lighthouse on Gull Island, one of the Apostle Islands, in Lake Superior in northern Wisconsin, in Ashland County, Wisconsin USA.
Kovilan Point Lighthouse is a lighthouse on the island of Karaitivu in northern Sri Lanka.
One of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World, for many centuries it was one of the tallest man-made structures in the world.
The California Lighthouse is a lighthouse located at Hudishibana near Arashi Beach on the northwest tip of Aruba.
The New Point Loma Lighthouse is a lighthouse at the southern tip of the Point Loma peninsula in San Diego, California.
The actual light is 57 feet above Mean High Water.
The Clarks Point Light is located in New Bedford, Massachusetts.
It was torn down in 1961 and replaced with a skeleton tower on the same foundation.
It stands in the Elbe, approximately 1,340 meters from the rear light, and is on a circa 30 meters long Platform, stack reached.
Thirty Mile Point Light was one of five lighthouses chosen for the "Lighthouses of the Great Lakes" postage stamp series designed by Howard Koslow in 1995.
These industries have largely vanished, but the port still thrives, shipping paper and pulp from Scandinavia for the newspaper industries of England and Scotland.
The Point Prim Light Station is a lighthouse on Prince Edward Island, Canada.
Point Riche Lighthouse, a "pepperpot" lighthouse, was built in 1892 and is still active.
The light was briefly lit in 1976.
The new structure was a unique lighthouse, in both design and construction.
The lighthouse sits just south of the island of Skjernøy and northwest of the skerry of Pysen.
It is also sometimes called the "Menominee North Pierhead Light".
The light became dilapidated until 1999 when the Friends of Plum Beach Lighthouse received ownership of the lighthouse.
The lighthouse is painted white, with a red top.
The station was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1974.
James Murray from Newcastle won the bid to construct the lighthouse.
Pater Noster, is a Swedish lighthouse, and the name of a small archipelago in Bohuslän on the Swedish west coast.
The lighthouse has a glare configuration of: two 1.5 s glares every 12 s.
It is within the boundaries of Savannah Historic District and was erected during the mid 19th century, contemporary with most of the structures in the district.
These days, the lighthouse is largely used as holiday accommodation.
The Humboldt Harbor Light was an early lighthouse marking the entrance to Humboldt Bay.
However the island was difficult to access and proved to be susceptible to earthquakes and subsequent landslips.
The lighthouse is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as a contributing property to Castine Historic District.
It is positioned about 8 km east of Port Royal and the entrance to Kingston Harbour near Norman Manley International Airport.
The 14-metre tall square concrete tower is white with a red roof.
The lighthouse is on the top of Lønstrup Klint, 60 metres above sea level.
It is located in Lincoln County, near the mouth of the Yaquina River near Newport at Yaquina Head.
Two of the keepers, Gilbert B. Hayden and Bernie Hayden, relation unknown, were keepers of the light, but their service years are unknown.
In 2005, the municipality bought the building and the buildings are now used as a regional cultural centre/museum.
It is uninhabited, except by lighthouse staff and occasional summer tourists.
It served for 61 years before being retired in 1933, when its function was replaced by a different light.
The first lighthouse tower in the country was erected in the station and first lit in 1846.
It stood near the cape on Bald Head Island.
It has guided sailors safely along the rocky shores of Marblehead Peninsula since 1822, and is an active aid to navigation.
The lighthouse itself is 18.5 metres tall when measured from its foundation to the weathervane.
Point Iroquois includes a larger geographic area than the light station site.
As it was considered a 'rock station', pay for serving there was good but it was not as remote as other lighthouses of that class.
Nixes Mate, also known as Nixes Island, Nix's Mate and Nick's Mate, is one of the smaller islands in the Boston Harbor Islands National Recreation Area.
It is named after Captain Henry Barber.
Since 1958 it has been a nature reserve due to its valuable ecologic life with an old beech-forest, unusual fungi and large bird populations.
Stage Harbor Light was built in 1880.
The lighthouse once stood in Albemarle Sound at the mouth of the Roanoke River, across the Sound from its current location.
It is listed as Alki Point Light number 16915 in the USCG light lists.
The Sheboygan Lighthouse stood on North Point in Sheboygan, Wisconsin.
The original light, still in use today, is a first-order Fresnel lens manufactured by Chance Brothers of England.
Blyth is also home to the non-League football club Blyth Spartans, famed for their 1978 "giant-killing" feats in the FA Cup.
The lighthouse was originally equipped with a fourth order Fresnel lens.
The 12-metre tall lighthouse has an occulting light that flashes white, red, and green.
The first, pictured here, were built in 1838.
The tower was hit by U.S. artillery fire in the Puerto Rican Campaign of the Spanish–American War on May 12, 1898.
It is located on Capo Mele, on the border of the comunes of Andora and Laigueglia in the Province of Savona in Liguria.
The current lighthouse was constructed in 1864 for the sum of $30,000 which was approved by Congress.
In 1938, the wood tower was replaced with the current cast iron structure.
The 31 m high octagonal structure is a famous Georgetown, Guyana landmark with its distinct vertical red and white stripes.
It had an Mediterranean appearance that came from an elaborate combination of exposed and indented brick work in the facades around doors and windows and corners.
Eilean Glas light was first displayed in 1789.
The light was electrified in 1992 at the request of the South African Navy.
In 2001 they became the 9th light station to be recognized as a National Historic Landmark.
In 1991, the Great Captain Island Light was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
Boyuk Zira lighthouse – is a lighthouse in the north of Boyuk Zira Island, in the Caspian Sea, Azerbaijan.
Fruholmen Lighthouse is a coastal lighthouse located in Måsøy Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.
The Amédée lighthouse is an iron lighthouse located on Amédée Island, 24 km away from Nouméa, New Caledonia.
They were constructed in 1903, along with the lighthouse.
It is located on a hilltop above the old Jaffa Port.
The lighthouse was built in 1906, from a wooden structure which was replaced with ferroconcrete in 1938.
Its East Cliff is home to the ruins of Whitby Abbey, where Cædmon, the earliest recognised English poet, lived.
The light can be seen for up to 11 nautical miles.
The occulting light is located on top, at an elevation of about 49 metres.
It has first-order lenses when it was first lit on August 1, 1890.
Its light characteristic is a white flash occurring every eleven seconds.
Chrome Island lighthouse is a light station established in 1891 that assists traffic in the region of Deep Bay, British Columbia, Denman Island, and Hornby Island.
The Tower, Cove Island, Ontario, was formally registered on the Canadian Register of Historic Places on 14 November 2014.
The Somers Cove Light was a screw-pile lighthouse located near Crisfield, Maryland.
Boat Bluff lighthouse is located near Klemtu on the scenic south end of Sarah Island in Tolmie Channel on the Inside Passage of British Columbia.
The light is gradually deteriorating from lack of maintenance.
Automated since 1972, the light was sold at auction in January 2013 to a private owner from Connecticut.
The original lens was destroyed in 1979, apparently smashed with a baseball bat.
The light was automated in 1972, and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
The Oak Island Light, one of the newest lighthouses in the US, is located in the town of Caswell Beach, NC.
Contrary to popular belief, it is not the highest-elevated nor tallest lighthouse in the Philippines.
The lighthouse with a 11 m high [vagina] shaped tower is constructed in concrete and painted white.
The lighthouse owned by the Puerto Rico Conservation Trust is part of the Las Cabezas de San Juan natural reserve.
The lighthouse is of national significance as one of John Rennie's surviving works.
Holdings in the museum document the area's long and distinguished cultural and nautical history, and exhibits include a sixth-order Fresnel lens.
Since then, the lee breakwater has been completely redeveloped and the light was moved to a 25 metres skeletal triangular radar tower.
The federal government restored the site in 2015-2016.
A lighthouse keeper's quarters and a boathouse, constructed in 1916, are located about 2 miles from the light.
The former keepers' cottages are now in private ownership.
The Lake Pontchartrain Basin Maritime Museum is making efforts to restore and stabilize the light.
The Leards Range Lights are a set of two range lights on Prince Edward Island, Canada.
The lighthouse was established in 1849 to mark the southern shore of the entrance to the Bømlafjorden from the sea.
In 1991 the last caretaker withdrew from the premises and very soon after the keeper's cottages were vandalised and burned.
It was converted to electricity in September 1964.
It is maintained by the Port Authority of Jamaica, an agency of the Ministry of Transport and Works.
The lighthouse is located within the borders of the Suigo-Tsukuba Quasi-National Park.
The life of the small porpoise whales that are often seen from the coast of Sletterhage is also on display.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 19, 1984, Reference #84001387 as St. Martin Light Station.
The entire island is now the Town of Sullivan's Island.
Light Characteristics Flashing red every 5 seconds, visible for 12 miles
It presents a bold cliff to the sea, and commands views over the southern North Sea.
The port of Blyth dates from the 12th century, but the development of the modern town only began in the first quarter of the 18th century.
Built in 1908, the lighthouses help to guide ship traffic from Lake Winnipeg into the river.
In its place is a 12 inches, fed by solar cells.
The current light is a weather-protected structure on a steel frame.
A light station was first established at this site in 1846, and the present structure was built in 1876.
The lighthouse with its 36-metre-tall, pink granite tower was completed in 1849 to a design by Alan Stevenson.
Lyngør Lighthouse is a coastal lighthouse located on Kjeholmen in the municipality of Tvedestrand, Aust-Agder, Norway.
The steep rocky islet lies next to a deep water abyss with depths reaching 200 metres, with the steeply shelving sea floor containing red coral.
The following year a 35 feet high stone tower had been constructed to support the first light.
Federal troops occupied Seahorse Key in 1862, and used it as a prison for the duration of the war.
The Pamban lighthouse is one of the two lighthouses in the Rameswaram island in Tamil Nadu.
The Islands of Race Rocks are located just off the southern tip of Vancouver Island, about 16 km southwest of Victoria, British Columbia.
Virtsu Lighthouse is a lighthouse located in Virtsu, Lääne County; in Estonia.
It measures 10 feet 3⁄4 inch at the bottom and 2 feet 3 inches at the top.
The station was manned until 1980 and in 1994, the entire facility was protected by law as a national monument.
The lighthouse emits a continuous white light with a more intense flash every 30 seconds.
