Magazines on ornithology and bird-watching can be found in list of ornithology journals.
The March 1994 issue was the last Amiga Force published when Impact Magazines went bust.
Radiocorriere, also known as Radiocorriere TV, was a weekly Italian-language listings magazine, published in Italy between 1925 and 1995.
The anthology is marketed as everything you would "expect from the Master of Suspense", though Hitchcock never had any direct involvement with the publications.
The Friend is the monthly English language children's magazine published by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
Fast Forward generally sold around 40% to 50% more copies than Look-in on a weekly basis.
Weekly Shōnen Champion is a weekly shōnen manga magazine published by Akita Shoten.
Remix was a monthly magazine for DJs, audio engineers, record producers, and performers of electronic and hip-hop music.
William Como was its editor-in-chief from 1970 to his death in 1989.
With its first edition in 2009, Avances Magazine's motto is to "Advance the Hispanic Community".
The magazine is part of Fairfax New Zealand.
Different Worlds was an American role-playing games magazine published from 1979 to 1987.
Ross Douthat wrote that, through FT, Neuhaus demonstrated "that it was possible to be an intellectually fulfilled Christian".
Known as The Voice of New Zealand Youth, it was aimed at teenagers and young adults in New Zealand.
It was restarted as an online-only magazine in 2013.
They are nicknamed Leões and Verde e Brancos.
Professional Distributor magazine is an automotive aftermarket magazine for mobile tool and equipment jobbers and tool and equipment warehouse distributors.
Fangoria is an internationally distributed American horror film fan magazine, in publication since 1979.
It mainly included various news related to current affairs, Science, astrology, history and also trivia although Christianity was its main aim.
The headquarters was in San Jose, California.
Then, the frequency of Brides changed to monthly.
Factsheet Five was a periodical mostly consisting of short reviews of privately produced printed matter along with contact details of the editors and publishers.
Little White Lies is an internationally distributed movie magazine.
It is indexed in The Art Index and the Bibliography of the History of Art.
Among its more notable contributors were Jake Commander, Jack Decker, Bruce Hansen, Larry Kingsbury, Dennis Kitsz, Steven Kovitz, Alan Moluf, Troy L. Pierce and Gordon Williams.
The magazine is published by Condé Nast, which also publishes eight international editions of Architectural Digest.
Australian Book Review is one of Australia's leading arts and literary reviews.
Superinteressante, or Super, is a Brazilian science and culture magazine.
Portland Magazine writer Kevin LeDuc went out with a pizza order, interviewed crew members, and photographed the captain in his cabin.
In 1995 Lane authored Pink Highways(Carol Publishing) and in 1997 Crotty authored How to Talk American.
The magazine started by publishing six issues per year, but by the time it folded it appeared ten times annually.
The history of the magazine started with Uranja published by the Polish Society of Astronomy Amateurs in 1922.
In written form, it was occasionally also referred to as Evropa+
Issue 1 of Savacou was published in June 1970, edited by Brathwaite, Kenneth Ramchand and Andrew Salkey.
Since 2005 it has been published by News Magazines; previously it had been published by Text Magazines and Pacific Magazines.
He hired correspondents to report from locales across the United States and continued to publish and edit the Sporting Life until 1917.
From 1995-2000 sales were at around 270,000-280,000 per issue.
The latter were usually illustrated with line drawings or posed photographs, especially if the story involved a "reader's true life experience".
Articles evaluate equipment and bicycles for performance and function, and include footnotes.
DRUM is a South African family magazine mainly aimed at black readers containing market news, entertainment and feature articles.
It ran for 24 weekly issues, before being succeeded by The Home Computer Advanced Course.
Bravo is the largest teen magazine within the German-language sphere.
Its name was Exame Informática initially, a reference to its creation as the technology supplement for Exame, a business magazine.
Bike India is a participant, along with other leading international motorcycling publications, in the Masterbike test series.
Il Quotidiano Pazzo is an Italian satirical online magazine published in Rome.
Fortune is a multinational business magazine, published and owned by Time Inc. and headquartered in New York City.
In 1996, the magazine changed its name to Ultra Game Players and introduced a radically different format.
The magazine generally reflects a liberal editorial stance, although it often interviews conservative celebrities.
is a long-running United Kingdom monthly automobile magazine and website, currently edited by Steve Huntingford and published by Haymarket Consumer Media.
A year book is published every October.
The initial creative directors for the magazine were Lee Swillingham and Stuart Spalding.
Topics covered within the magazine include outsourcing, security, data centers, information management, cloud computing, and mobile computing to computer hacking and strategy for IT management.
It was first published in 1885 as the Tâi-oân-hú-siâⁿ Kàu-hōe-pò under the direction of missionary Thomas Barclay, and was Taiwan's first printed newspaper.
It ran for almost twenty years until its discontinuation in October 2005.
The magazine had a cover price of £6 but celebrity subscribers did not officially have to pay for it.
Il Covile is an Italian online magazine published in Italy.
Political Beat – Monthly political commentary from our Washington Reporter on current events.
The magazine is about 80% ads and is targeted at adult-video retailers.
Playbill is a monthly U.S. magazine for theatregoers.
The Studio: An Illustrated Magazine of Fine and Applied Art was an illustrated fine arts and decorative arts magazine published in London from 1893 until 1964.
These wine ratings have a significant effect on the sales of the reviewed wine.
Rhea Durham is an American fashion model.
Based in Los Angeles, California, the magazine was founded in 1990 by Raymond Roker.
Progressive Adventists are members of the Seventh-day Adventist Church who disagree with certain beliefs traditionally held by mainstream Adventism and officially by the church.
The podcast was cross promoted at The Washington Times for some time, and after gaining some popularity, became sponsored by Andrew Breitbart's BigGovernment blog.
The articles are published in their original language, without translation, the majority of which are English followed by Italian, French and Spanish.
The magazine was issued bimonthly until #13 and thereafter quarterly.
In the late 1970s, the magazine started focusing on pop culture as a weekly in the vein of People Magazine, which caused a drop in sales.
Total Guitar regularly contains tablature for rock, acoustic, punk, Blues, and Metal, as well as detailed profiles of guitarists and their specific techniques and playing styles.
Most of the team behind the magazine were also working on other Croatian video game magazines such as PSX, Hacker, GamePlay and Next Level.
Wallace's Monthly was an American sporting magazine founded by John H. Wallace and published out of New York from 1875–1894.
It is the most popular English language magazine in Afghanistan, distributed widely across major NGO offices, guest houses, restaurants and businesses.
The magazine was first published as Bahá'í News Letter for 40 issues, changing to Bahá'í News from issue 41 onwards.
It was a version of JJ magazine for a younger audience.
The magazine engages young women through lifestyle, global causes, fashion, entertainment, career, health and beauty.
In its glory days between the early 1950s and the early 1990s, AB was "the best marketplace for out-of-print books in North America."
Based in Toronto, in its later years Descant published two themed issues per year, and a winter and summer miscellany issue.
It features luxury consumer products advertisements and is distributed to subscribers in large United States markets as well as throughout Europe and Asia.
Articles were published in Ukrainian or Russian, sometimes in English with Russian translation.
Wendy Perron became its editor-in-chief in 2004.
We wanted a presence on tablet devices and Adobe Creative Suite software and Adobe Digital Publishing Suite paved the way,” said Kadi.
Báiki maintains an editorial office in Oakland, California.
Based in the 2nd arrondissement of Paris, it is the most prominent French general information magazine in terms of audience and circulation.
Tempo is an Indonesian weekly magazine that covers news and politics.
Zoo consisted of a mix of comedy news, sports commentary, photos of glamour models, jokes, an entertainments guide, fashion/grooming and comical/rude pictures sent in by readers.
The paper contains sections on Irish news, a round-up of Irish news by county, sports, as well as other sections.
In the late 1960s Micro Instrumentation and Telemetry Systems was formed to sell instrumentation to rocket hobbyist.
The magazine annually named the "Poker Power 20," the 20 most important people in the poker industry.
The editor of the magazine was, for many years Bill Boddy.
It appeared in December 2002, and was published monthly until August 2005.
It carried the subtitle "America's Greatest Family Newspaper".
The magazine was launched in 1997 and offers cinema, DVD and Blu-ray news, reviews and features.
A full table of contents, including back issues, is available on the NOON website.
Editions were published by Philip Marsh and Tani Jantsang in Florida, and the Associate Editor was James Ambuehl.
Through articles, videos, interviews and discussions, the publication gives MMA enthusiasts a unique look into the sport and a glimpse into the lives of MMA athletes.
Le Courrier de la Mesnie decided to replace Ici France with the same formula and many of its staff.
The magazine usually features color photos of pinup girl gravure idols on the cover and first few pages of each issue.
World Literature Today is an American magazine of international literature and culture, published bimonthly at the University of Oklahoma, Norman.
Fakty i Kommentarii, founded in 1997, is Ukraine's biggest selling Russian language tabloid newspaper, with a circulation of more than 1.1 million.
USA Today Sports Weekly is an American sports newsmagazine that is owned by the Gannett Company.
Representatives of pro-Israel organizations have criticized the Washington Report on Middle East Affairs as being aligned with the Arab lobby and as "anti-Israel".
The publication covers all areas of the hospitality industry providing news, analysis and features about senior industry professionals, businesses and trends.
It is a ranking of the world's games development studios based on a variety of criteria including sales data, critical success and industry standing.
It is released every four weeks and its content mostly consists of nude pictorials of well-known erotic and pornographic actresses.
Such a radical stance alienated those writers who were indifferent to politics or personally disliked revolutionary intelligentsia.
Portland Spaces is a quarterly shelter magazine published and distributed in Portland, Oregon, United States.
Gekkan Shōnen Jets was a magazine in Japan that featured shōnen manga.
The magazine covers genres ranging from new wave, hard rock, heavy metal, punk rock, and grunge.
Tandoori Magazine is a British bi-monthly trade magazine for the South Asian food and catering industry.
It is part of Panorama Media Corp and is published on a bimonthly basis.
With its last-page articles in Hebrew, it was for more than thirty years the only Hebrew-language journal to be printed in all the Second World.
Brandon Hobson's "Past the EconoLodge" - 2016 Pushcart Prize
Notion Magazine is a newsstand music magazine and fashion magazine published quarterly in the United Kingdom, founded in 2004.
A Turkish edition which name is TopGear Turkey was released in May 2011.
Since 1898, Al-Yāziǧī, a linguist and journalist from Lebanon, particularly built up his reputation as the chief editor of the journal aḍ-Ḍiyāʾ.
By the end of the 1970s, Broadside had essentially ceased publication.
It also has a science fiction section.
Articles and essays included in the Chronicle concern the art and craft of writing as well as pedagogy.
I called it Zigzag after the Captain Beefheart track "Zigzag Wanderer" and also the cigarette papers, which were used for rolling joints."
With 51 issues a year, the emphasis today is on book reviews.
The magazine was nicknamed La Biblia del deporte due to its chronicles, notable journalists and collaborators and its photography.
Its content was heavily about the Quranic interpretations.
The report, called "The Truth: Gujarat 2002", was based on a six-month sting operation with video footage of the members admitting their role in the violence.
According to the Audit Bureau of Circulations, it had a circulation of 17,084 during 2014.
Fuck You: A Magazine of the Arts was produced on a mimeograph machine and printed on multi-colored construction paper.
The new PSW has its own domain name, website and forum.
Toxic magazine is a British comics magazine launched in September 2002 by London-based Egmont Publishing.
Entrepreneur is a North American magazine and website that carries news stories about entrepreneurship, small business management, and business.
It was created in May 1985, and is one of the first magazines in Europe exclusively devoted to video games.
Nintendo Magazine System was the official Nintendo magazine of Australia.
Fit Pregnancy is a Web site for pregnant women and new mothers.
Copies of Kangura were read in public meetings and, as the genocide approached, during Interahamwe militia rallies.
True stories contain stories of people's experiences, problems or ailments.
Funding came from the oil industry, the electricity and nuclear sectors and several University departments, and the magazine was commercially printed.
It was started in 1973 by Vishwanath under his publishing house, the Delhi Press.
In April 2015 Bethesda Magazine acquired an online news provider, Bethesda Now, and integrated it into its website.
Despite the magazine's name, The Adventurer did not focus exclusively on adventure games, but covered all kinds of titles published by LucasArts.
Also, 46% of readers have college degrees and 36% are professional or managerial employment.
It covered fashion, design, politics, and local culture.
Some pubs in the local area around Highbury allow The Gooner to be sold on their premises.
Alexandra "Ecky" Malick, wife Bartlesville native and director Terrence Malick spoke before the screening.
The magazine was headquartered in Iola, Wisconsin.
It is committed to green living, and supports green movements, architecture and solutions.
In September 2006, these numerous editions were all consolidated into one county-wide publication, InTown Westchester, which publishes 12 times a year.
It is also available via autoweek.com and on the iPad.
Its first editor was Edith M. Phelps.
Poet Lore also publishes essays of interest to poets and readers as well as reviews of new books of poetry.
Robot Magazine was an American bi-monthly robotics publication produced by the Maplegate Media Group.
It has also been criticised for its failure to take account of the sizes of institutions, leading to an in-built bias in favour of larger institutions.
They hope to do so by informing and inspiring a variety of responses through publications and resources including periodicals, newsletters, and worship materials.
Edible Manhattan is a food magazine and website that covers local food and drink makers, restaurants, farmers markets, food culture and events in Manhattan.
It was launched at the Bristol Comic Expo in 2005 and, since becoming a semi-annual publication, each subsequent issue is also launched there.
In late August 2007, Dušan Veličković became Evropas editor-in-chief.
Paletten portrays the art scene, presents artists and their work, and initiates discussions, almost always as an alternative to mainstream culture.
Pride Magazine is the largest and most successful magazine targeting black British, mixed race, African and African-Caribbean women in the United Kingdom.
OPS costs A$14.95 and comes with a custom made DVD with gaming trailers and other content.
It was first published in July 2014 from Karachi.
Nekrasov managed to strike a deal with its leading contributors, whereby their new works were to be published exclusively by him.
The magazine also features gear and events across the country.
The concessionaire of this magazine was Fathollah Yazdi and it was published in Shiraz since 1912.
The later incarnations of the magazine were titled Yolk: GenerAsian Next 2.0.
As of 2013, its circulation averaged over two million.
It is used by business leaders to learn from their colleagues' successes and challenges.
The magazine is currently owned by Oscar De La Hoya's Golden Boy Enterprises, which acquired it in 2007.
In addition to the monthly magazine, the website hosts a constantly updated news feed.
Charles Coleman Finlay took over from Van Gelder as editor in 2015.
It debuted in 1982 as Comic Morning and is also known as simply Morning.
The magazine is affiliated with the North Korean Committee for the Promotion of International Trade.
The Popular Magazine was an early American literary magazine that ran for 612 issues from November 1903 to October 1931.
The magazine was owned by Avid Media until 2004 when Transcontinental acquired the title.
My Career is a national bi-annual comprehensive magazine for Canadian university and college students.
The editor, when it closed, was Annabel Brog.
A magazine of the same name was launched in 2008.
With the journal's first issue in February 1895, Peck created America's first bestseller list.
It was a companion to Famous Fantastic Mysteries.
It was the successor of Cuvânt moldovenesc
The founders of the magazine are the Government of the Russian Federation and the Administration of the President of the Russian Federation 
The last issue, The End, was published in 2005.
On June 13, 2010, a large number of staff simultaneously resigned and the magazine was described by Gameaning journalists as "hanging by a thread".
It had smaller circulation, fewer pages and less distinguished contributors.
As well as stories, the magazine contained series such as "Modern masters of science fiction" by Walter Gillings.
Though FRUiTS covered styles found throughout Tokyo, it is associated most with the fashion subcultures found in Tokyo's Harajuku district.
The magazine is known for its ARCAP safety rating of cars sold in Russia.
In the May/June 1988 issue, it was announced that 3W acquired Diverse Talents Inc., who published Fire & Movement, Battleplan and Space Gamer/Fantasy Gamer.
The content from Whole Living will be included in Martha Stewart Living.
It has become famous and won awards, for its outlandish cover lines.
Its tagline was 'Turned on to Technology', and was often abbreviated to 'iG' in editorial copy and end stops.
Bessatsu Hana to Yume is a Japanese shōjo manga magazine published by Hakusensha.
It is published in London, England, by Dennis Publishing.
Immediate Media Company publishes the magazine, which is nationally distributed.
Bass Player is a magazine for bassists.
PC Life was a disk magazine for the IBM PC published starting in 1986 in Syracuse, New York by publisher and editor Mike Sullivan.
After running from 1969 to 2011 with a circulation of over 60,000 in print, it changed with effect from May 2011 to an online-only publication.
Aktuel Naturvidenskab is a Danish language popular science magazine published in Aarhus, Denmark.
Marjane Ambler, previously editor of High Country News in Lander, Wyoming, held the position for eleven years.
The magazine also served as the publicity arm for the newly founded National Council of Jewish Women.
The Fly was a free music magazine published monthly in the United Kingdom, owned by MAMA & Company.
Scandinavian Oil-Gas Magazine was established by Paal Gulbrandsen, who retired in 2004, and is a family-owned company.
Its headquarters is in Medford, New Jersey.
It has collaborated with, among others, Richard Bertoncelli and Guido Chiesa.
It is published bi-monthly in Singapore by Epic Media.
PC Tools and TipStation were discontinued a few months later.
There exist as well L’Officiel Hommes, L’Officiel Art and L’Officiel Voyage, which specializes in men’s fashion, art and travel.
The journal was founded in August 1873 by Charles Hallock.
It is also available as an app for mobile devices.
Suspense Digest is the largest circulated monthly Urdu language suspense magazine in Pakistan.
The Reader magazine is currently edited by Philip Davis, author, biographer, and Professor of English at the University of Liverpool.
The Geist Foundation receives assistance from private donors, the Tula Foundation, the Canada Council, the B.C.
NOON stories have won numerous awards and prizes, including:
Shonen Jump, officially stylized SHONEN JUMP and abbreviated SJ, is a shōnen manga anthology published in North America by Viz Media.
SPAN also reprints articles from American sources.
The magazine focused on PlayStation fanbase, including gaming on the original Sony PlayStation and the PlayStation 2.
As of 2016, it had a circulation of over 43,000.
The Blast was a semi-monthly anarchist periodical published by Alexander Berkman in San Francisco, California, USA from 1916 through 1917.
Dalesman is a British monthly regional magazine, based in Skipton, and serving the English county of Yorkshire.
Starlog was a monthly science fiction magazine that was created in 1976 and focused primarily on Star Trek at its inception.
Air Enthusiast was illustrated with colour and black-and-white photos, diagrams, profiles and three-view drawings.
were adapted from light novels published under MediaWorks' Dengeki Bunko label.
Smartish Pace’s website is the home of Poets Q & A, the first interactive poetry forum on the internet, where readers ask questions of well-known poets.
In 1998, Mike Butcher took over as editor, when Dwyer, Jones and Stewart left to start the European operation of Jupiter Research.
It also includes information on French cultural events taking place in North America.
In addition to working on the magazine, the Reboot team also holds yearly video gaming conventions - Reboot Infogamer.
Aimed at global financial professionals, Bloomberg Markets publishes articles on the people and issues related to global financial markets.
The Bukla Magazine is a free Slovenian monthly magazine in which current Slovene non-fiction and fiction books are reviewed.
The Tower Magazine was established in 2013.
A computer is a device that can be instructed to carry out arbitrary sequences of arithmetic or logical operations automatically.
In 1953, it changed from tabloid to magazine size.
The magazine is largely in German, but since 2012 includes additional English content targeted at expatriates and tourists.
Custom PC is a UK-based computer magazine created by Mr Freelance Limited, and published by Dennis Publishing Ltd.
Dragon Age Pure was a Japanese shōnen manga magazine published by Fujimi Shobo.
The main editors were Anton Delvig and Alexander Pushkin.
Formosa Youth features various series from the Japanese language manga magazine Weekly Shōnen Jump.
Early issues of the magazine were undated, but it is believed the first issue was published in 1969.
It was the first British periodical to publish a crossword puzzle, in February 1922.
Drug Facts For Young People has been endorsed by the RCMP Foundation since 1999 and was formerly illustrated by Ben Wicks from 1996 - 2000.
The journal was established in 1968, 4 years after the association was founded in Pittsburgh.
Production of the Marquette Journal is advised by full-time faculty member Dr. Stephen Byers of the Journalism Department.
It contains satirical articles, cartoons, and photos.
Parent & Child highlighted the following editorial topics: activities and crafts, reading and education, children's development, health, and wellness, family recipes, and family time.
The Smart Manager is India's first management magazine, launched in 2002 and published quarterly; the magazine has since changed to a bi-monthly publishing frequency.
Word Ways was the first periodical devoted exclusively to wordplay, and has become the foremost publication in that field.
The first issue was published in June 1931.
In line with keeping the journal fresh, vibrant and progressive it usually appoints a new editor for every four journals.
Intersec magazine defines itself as a "leading monthly journal of international security", and its coverage includes all aspects of risk and security threats and response.
It however disavowed from the radical social slogans.
Kiran Digest is a Pakistani monthly publishing novel and a fictional digest from Karachi.
In 1917, the name changed to The New Country Life, and the magazine ended production in 1942.
In 2006, however, Switch was discontinued and replaced by a revamped Angelicuss, released in the format of a weekly newsletter.
The winners of the contests would have their works serialized.
Each issue of the The Yale Journal of Medicine & Law focuses on a central theme.
As a design and building industry publication, FORM is distributed to members of the American Institute of Architects Los Angeles.
The magazine is published by Kompas Gramedia.
The journal was the subject of regional controversy in 1970, with the double issue 3/4, "New Writing 1970: An anthology of poetry and verse".
The first issue was launched on 1 March 1922, and its entire print run of 3,000 sold out.
The casino offers 800 gaming tables and 1,000 slot machines.
It grew to 5,000 subscribers in 1963.
Mega Drive Advanced Gaming was a magazine that focused on the Sega Mega Drive video game console, but would also cover the Mega-CD and 32X.
Booklist described Stone Soup’s editorial philosophy as “children can meet the highest standard of literature and art.”
Several sets of circumstances led to the directors of Harpies and Quines declaring voluntary insolvency in 1994 after publishing 16 issues.
The concept for LoftLife was originally envisioned by Modern Holdings and a group of MBA students at Vanderbilt University, including subsequent publisher Joe Resudek.
Kiss's rivals are the United Kingdom's Bliss and Sugar.
Its "construction economics" section covers the cost fluctuations of a wide range of building materials.
Since then, it has been published quarterly in English with occasional articles in the Azerbaijani language in Latin and Arabic scripts.
It is a first such online magazine, unique in itself, based on a particular theme every month.
In the early 1930s, it targeted small town and rural families with 14 pages plus a fiction supplement.
In the later years there also featured a number of 'Sex Issues', asking for responses from hetero and gay people of both sexes.
Far from being "Chavista", its ideological stance about Venezuelan affairs was motivated by its liberal and anti-Bush, anti-War in Iraq point of view.
Published from 1993 to 1996 by Imagine Publishing, the magazine was initially issued once every other month, before becoming a monthly.
Hombre is the only American bilingual, upmarket national magazine targeting Latin men.
The James Bond Car Collection is a partwork magazine published by Eaglemoss Publications in the United Kingdom.
And the magazine partners with organizations such as the Silicon Valley Gay Men’s Chorus and San Jose Pride to help promote the event and magazine.
It is published monthly, except for July and December, by Bobit Business Media.
The paper was the successor of La Città futura, a broadsheet newspaper.
Authors introduced in Story included Charles Bukowski, Erskine Caldwell, John Cheever, Junot Diaz, James T. Farrell, Joseph Heller, J. D. Salinger, Tennessee Williams and Richard Wright.
Currently, Movieline has over 34K YouTube subscribers and has had over 13 million video views.
Since October 1998 the magazine has been published by IOP Publishing on behalf of CERN.
The first issue of Arthur featured an interview with journalist and author Daniel Pinchbeck; artwork by Alan Moore; and an interview with Arthur C. Clarke.
The website provides free resources for teachers and online activities for students, including lesson ideas, animations, image galleries and short videos.
In April 2010, distribution also commenced in urban areas of the Fiji Islands and Papua New Guinea.
Steve Bourne helped found the magazine when he was president of the ACM and is chair of the editorial board.
The magazine came out bimonthly with game reviews, diaries, news columns and an emphasis on reader feedback.
Though aimed primarily at the Arab-American community, approximately a third of the readership was not Arab-American.
The magazine is aimed at males between 18 and 35 years old.
Borderline was a cross between The Comics Journal and the NME with a heavy mix of mainstream American/British and international comic books.
W is a monthly American fashion magazine published by Condé Nast, who purchased original owner Fairchild Publications in 1999.
Before his death, editor Józef Londzin bequeathed the magazine together with all of its property to the Dziedzictwo Błogosławionego Jana Sarkandra.
Operating on a shoestring, its distinguished contributors include academics and others.
In 2014, the band recorded a seventh studio album, this time as a trio without Williams and Orange.
Several Out Traveler Guide travel books were also published under the brand for travel destinations such as New York, Hawaii, Paris and South Florida.
It was a project of UK aid and development charity Christian Aid.
Along with Jann Wenner, the individuals currently in charge of Us Weekly are editor-in-chief Michael Steele and publisher Victoria Lasdon Rose.
Airports of the World is a bi-monthly magazine which looks at the people and companies that make up many of the world's airports.
Outdoor Life was launched in Denver, Colorado in January 1898.
In issue 33, it dropped the "The" and became just Sideboard.
Ram Kishor Ji Maharaj of Ramsnehi Sampradaya was the founder of the magazine.
The magazine also ran the Online Marketing Show in conjunction with its sister title, Marketing Week.
The magazine is considered "underground" and published "artsy sex comics", according to Jason Thompson.
VISTA has gradually ignited Duksung students’ interests about English.
As from 2013, the magazine is also available in digital format exclusively on the Paul Raymond digital newsstand.
The Fiction Monthly was a Chinese literary journal published by the Commercial Press in Shanghai.
New issues are released every fall, generally in early December.
American Way is a free, inflight magazine available across the entire American Airlines fleet and Admirals Clubs premium lounges.
In 2013, the Ohrstrom family sold the Chronicle to Mark Bellissimo, owner of the Winter Equestrian Festival.
The Fader is a New York-based music magazine launched in 1999 by Rob Stone and Jon Cohen, covering music, style and culture.
Fire Chief is a magazine that was established in 1956.
Martha Stewart Weddings was launched as an annual publication in 1994, and was expanded to quarterly in 1999.
A "1993 Annual" featuring reprint material and a poster magazine were also released during the magazine's lifetime.
Highly popular was the Literary Supplement to Russian Invalid.
Circulation in 2015 was reported at 539,500.
Nintendo Power is a discontinued news and strategy magazine which was initially published in-house monthly by Nintendo of America, and later independently.
The magazine is published eight times annually from offices in Manchester Village, Vermont.
The New York Times Magazine is a Sunday magazine supplement included with the Sunday edition of The New York Times.
Donald Duck is a weekly comic book with Walt Disney characters published in the Netherlands.
Rock Sound is a British magazine which covers rock music.
It is the first American pulp magazine.
Geared toward upscale executives, the magazine covered relevant topics on business, travel and affluent lifestyle.
The magazine had many features too, such as sugoroku boards and baseball cards.
While at Publishers Weekly, Melcher began creating space in the publication and a number of issues dedicated solely to books for children.
In 2004, Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia acquired the magazine and other publishing assets from Thorne Communications.
When Pearson closed the Strand Magazine in 1950, it was castigated by The Economist for concentrating its resources on London Opinion and Men Only.
It is published by Shueisha under the Jump line of magazines.
It sells advertising at below market rates, much of it to literary presses.
Colorlines is an award-winning, daily news site featuring investigative reporting and news analysis from the perspective of communities of color.
John Brownlee is the editor-in-chief of the magazine.
80 Micro was a computer magazine, published between 1980 and 1988, about the TRS-80.
Cooking Light is an American monthly food and lifestyle magazine founded in 1987.
The website slowly embraced a wider audience by covering general interest issues.
Each issue is assigned a theme, such as "The Health and Safer Sex Issue", "The Bedroom Issue", "The Hair Issue", or "The Workin' Stiff Issue".
Beyt Tikkun Synagogue, led by Rabbi Michael Lerner, is loosely affiliated with Tikkun magazine.
The camera will take a photo after the rocket reaches its apogee and starts its descent with a parachute.
Its editorial process is carried out over the Internet, while the magazine itself is printed in and distributed from Hamburg.
ISTOÉ is a weekly news magazine in Portuguese published in Brazil, roughly the equivalent of the American magazines Time or Newsweek.
Die Datenschleuder was first published in 1984 and also can be subscribed to independently of a membership in the CCC.
It was established in 1999 as a sister publication to The Helix, CSIRO Publishing's magazine for teens.
Songlines is published eight times a year and contains CD reviews, artist interviews, guides to particular world music traditions, concert and festival listings and travel stories.
The first issue came out in the summer of 2009.
Also some children's books were translated to Japanese and published in Shōnen Sekai.
alive is distributed in Canadian health retailers and can be purchased through personal subscriptions.
The first edition was produced in English, Estonian, Romanian, Italian, Russian, Spanish, Galician, Dutch and Indonesian.
It is also known for its heavily researched service pieces, such as Best of Columbus, and extensive restaurant coverage.
In its first year, 80% of El Nuevo Cojo's articles were written by freelancers, mostly readers.
At one time it was said to be "the second greatest magazine in America," ranking behind The Saturday Evening Post in circulation.
Each volume explores emerging ecological and social issues from the perspectives of practitioners working in the environmental field.
Now, also known as Now Magazine, is a free alternative weekly newspaper in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Post Road is published biannually by the Department of English at Boston College.
Jayson Anthony Paul, better known by the ring name JTG, is an American professional wrestler and author who is best known for his time in WWE.
In April 2009 the magazine moved to an all-online format.
The last issue of Campaign magazine appeared in 1982.
Kumppani is a magazine published by KEPA, an umbrella organization of non-governmental organizations in Finland.
The magazine is distributed all over Russia, CIS countries and abroad.
New England Monthly was a magazine published in Haydenville, Massachusetts, from 1984 to 1990.
Clarion is a literary magazine founded at Boston University in 1998.
Chance is a quarterly non-technical statistics magazine published jointly by the American Statistical Association and Taylor & Francis Group.
The number of resources K-Developedia provides is around 30,000.
Milford Magazine's core distribution area, Pike County, is the fastest growing county in Pennsylvania.
In 1993, MacTutor Magazine purchased MacTech, and the name of the consolidated publication became MacTech.
Building design refers to the broadly based architectural, engineering and technical applications to the design of buildings.
Skepter is a popular science magazine of the Dutch skeptical foundation Stichting Skepsis.
Fyne Times is a UK based free gay and lesbian magazine, with five regional editions, that was established in September 2001.
It was formed in 1966 as a sister magazine of Elektroteknik.
From 1967 to 1972 it was known as FDA Papers before changing title to FDA Consumer with volume 6 no.
It is published in South African by Ndalo Media.
It was the first print publication to be released on iTunes.
The first issue set out "Our Mission":
The online version was launched in 2009.
CoEvolution Quarterly became the first place to publish Ivan Illich's Vernacular Values.
In 2009, select interviews from the journal were compiled in a print anthology, Action!
It is published weekly by Editora Três on Saturdays.
Tabitha Cash is the editor in chief and oversees the Hot Video group which consists of five divisions: magazine, TV, web, mobile and VOD.
The New Yorker is an American magazine of reportage, commentary, criticism, essays, fiction, satire, cartoons, and poetry.
Total Carp is a magazine published in the UK by David Hall Publishing Ltd, containing mostly articles of interest to carp fishermen.
It is one of the most popular entertainment magazine in Malayalam, it is read by the overseas Indian community worldwide.
The character of the sheet can be best gathered from its motto, which is one of Mark Twain's witticisms: Truth is precious--therefore economize with it."
Each issue features fiction, nonfiction, poetry and a play.
Inside Carolina is an independent magazine and web site devoted to the University of North Carolina athletics.
The magazine has been republished on the World Wide Web using Issuu and, in part only, on Scribd.
The Gooner is an Arsenal fanzine, created by the Arsenal F.C.
L'Officiel Hommes is a French fashion magazine for men, adapted from L'Officiel, also of Editions Jalou.
Published every two weeks, the magazine offers the latest news to millions of young Americans who identify with the hip hop culture.
Atlanta is a monthly general-interest magazine based in Atlanta, Georgia, and owned by Hour Media Group, LLC.
La Revue musicale of Prunières was undoubtedly the first music publishing magazine giving as much attention to the quality of editing, iconography, and illustration.
The magazine would switch to monthly release soon after.
MacLife is an American monthly magazine published by Future US.
Shōnen - magazines aimed at boys/young men.
It was the first magazine title created in-house by Carstens Publications.
It is published by Birmingham, Alabama–based Southern Progress Corporation, a unit of Time Inc.
It is only available from Sony Centre branches in the UK and through the magazine's website.
Scope was a South African weekly men's lifestyle magazine.
Nine-O-One Network Magazine was an American bi-monthly music magazine, published in Memphis, Tennessee, from 1986 to 1989.
The series combine 3-D animated characters and wildlife footage to introduce fascinating animal facts and nurture young viewers’ inherent love for nature.
Launched in 1978, it is noted for coverage of all makes of classic motorcycles, including US and Japanese models, and one-off specials.
Olivia is a monthly Finnish women's magazine published in Finland.
In 2015 and 2016, Harrowsmith embraced the digital market and reached a wider audience with a new format.
The magazine was published in the 1990s as Manga Time Zōkan.
Cannabis Culture is a Canadian online magazine and former print magazine devoted to cannabis and the worldwide cannabis subculture.
Its main topic include Japanese anime, manga and the Japanese video game industry.
The publication and its website offer inside information about the music business, including specialized directories of contact information about music professionals and Free Classifieds for musicians.
The first "Giant Test", in summer 1971, was a comparison between a BSA Rocket 3 and a Norton Commando.
MCV and Japanese video game magazine Famitsu have an exclusive partnership which sees news and content from each magazine appear in the other.
It is edited by the former Jain monk and author Satish Kumar.
It was founded as Books Abroad in 1927 by Roy Temple House, chair of the Department of Modern Languages at the University of Oklahoma.
Titan Magazines announced in Issue 24 that the next issue would be the last for a while.
Revista Santástico is a Brazilian sports magazine entirely dedicated to the football club Santos FC.
The editor, Donald Vroon, had been an NPR classical radio broadcaster and record reviewer in Buffalo, New York in the 1980s.
Financial Engineering News was a bimonthly print and digital magazine publication of financial engineering-related news.
Much like its sibling publication Shōnen Ace, it places some emphasis on anime tie-ins and spinoffs.
It is among the most widely circulated and the leading magazines in the People's Republic of China.
It is among the oldest magazines dealing with arts in the Arab world.
After one year, Kashdan left and Horowitz became editor, a position he retained for the remainder of the magazine's existence.
The blog, Trike Daily, covers topics ranging from the history of same-sex marriage in the sangha to climate change as a moral issue.
The Liahona is published in 51 different languages from one to twelve times per year, depending on the language.
In spite of this, magazine circulation continued to fall and in 2007, Giles Hattersley, chief interviewer at The Sunday Times was brought in as Editor.
Since 2012, its publisher is Duke University Press.
Although comics has some origins in 18th century Japan and 1830s Europe, comic books were first popularized in the United States during the 1930s.
Congressional Digest Corporation publishes two additional publications: Supreme Court Debates, started in 1997, and International Debates, published from 2003-2013.
The popularity of the contest meant another competition, Gaijin Sounds Vol.
A daily online newsletter was established in 2010 providing coverage of day-to-day events in the banking and finance industry.
It should not be confused with the Disney Magazine.
It was launched on 30 October 2008 as an independent title edited by Steve Doyle.
Contributors have included Adrienne Rich, Charles Wright, Thomas Lux, and Franz Wright.
The magazine was established by Kalki Krishnamurthy, a popular Tamil novelist and Indian freedom fighter, in 1941.
Several issues were also published in 1968, July 1970 to December 1970, and February 1973 to April 1973.
It also publishes interviews, personal narrative pieces and reviews.
Signature launched in 1995 as a quarterly print subscription magazine, publishing five editions through 1997.
The Horn Book Guide reviews almost every children's book published in the U.S.
At this point, then-deputy editor Lee Hart took over for the single issue that remained.
In 2009, it was sold to e.Republic.
In 2012, The Deal was acquired by TheStreet.com, who closed the magazine.
The magazine is written mainly in English and Chinese, with plans underway to provide Korean and Japanese editions.
Condé Nast Traveler is currently led by Editor in Chief Pilar Guzman.
Revista Autismo is a Brazilian magazine, free, pressed and digital, created in 2010, made by volunteering parents of children with autism.
Art & Antiques is an American arts magazine.
Sur La Terre International is a quarterly lifestyle magazine present in various cities all around the world.
Topics included green hotelkeeping, sales and marketing, finance & investment, and coverage of hotel conferences.
"Energy Matters" was notable in a number ways.
Weekly Young Sunday was a weekly manga magazine published by Shogakukan in Japan since the first issue on April 10, 1987.
Scouting magazine is a five-times-a-year publication of the Boy Scouts of America.
A CD version was also available until September 2005 where it was replaced by a DVD edition.
Subsequent to Community Chickens, Ogden Publications created and launched another online magazine dedicated to beekeeping called Keeping Backyard Bees in 2014.
The magazine was produced by MMM Publishing under license from CCP Games and sold via the Eve Online website.
Adult Video News is an American trade journal that covers the adult video industry.
Due to decreases in funding of the English Department at the University of Regina, it ceased publication in 2012.
Halftime Magazine is a publication of Muse Media, LLC, based in Los Angeles, California.
The magazine's main draw, however, is due to its serialization of new works.
Tinkle is an Indian fortnightly magazine, published mainly in India.
Regular columns included "Ramsey's Rambles" by Ramsey Campbell and "Fleapit Flashbacks" by Joe Dante.
The Magazine's statement of purpose approved on June 16, 2003 says:
The magazine also produced a kids website and a free mobile app, KidQ.
It was funded at the outset in large part by a grant from ConocoPhillips, and as a result has been criticized as presenting a pro-regime perspective.
It was created by Marion Pearce and Jon Randall.
It was founded in 2012 with its first edition appearing on 20 December 2012.
Science Fiction World, began in 1979, is a monthly science fiction magazine published in the People's Republic of China, headquartered in Chengdu, Sichuan.
Ben Sherman, creator of UNCBasketball.com, now serves as editor in chief of the website and print magazine.
Importantly, the Kadro theorists never accepted either of these ideologies, believing that they were creating a third development theory that would be essentially Turkish.
The magazine's publishers were Howard, Ainslee & Co., a division of the Street & Smith publishing house in New York City.
Originally titled The Duelist Sideboard, the first issue was a full-color, 32-page issue published in July 1996.
The Crisis has been in continuous print since 1910, and it is the oldest black publication in the world.
It also publishes travel articles, reviews of luxury autos and interviews with prominent business jet travelers.
The members of this group elect a European "Team of the Month" and a European "Team of the Year".
The magazine is also supported by the British Computer Society, Microsoft, ARM and Intel.
The magazine started in 1981, published by the Academy of Sciences of Albania.
Mexican author Jorge Volpi has contributed to the magazine.
Many of the light novels that have been listed in this guide book were later adapted into anime series.
In July 2013, NÓS was relauched with a new design and is currently being published monthly, with extra content updated more frequently online.
Zion's Herald, published in Boston, was the first weekly Methodist publication in America, though not an official publication of the church
The magazine struggled financially for the entirety of its existence; it was published first bi-monthly, then quarterly, during the grimmest years of the Great Depression.
Practical Mechanics was edited by Frederick J. Camm until his death in 1959.
Asian Woman magazine is published by Jayson Emerald Media, which acquired it in 2013.
The magazine features original poetry and short fiction, essays, interviews and recommendations with an emphasis on the enjoyment of reading good quality writing.
The magazine was first published in 1964.
In the title bar of its website Gramophone claims to be: "The world's authority on classical music since 1923."
Seven of those stories appeared in previous editions of NOON.
In 2012, NewBay Media bought the Music division of Future US.
There were a total of 33 issues published, plus one Special Album Edition, before the series was cancelled.
Reviews in International Record Review were more detailed than those appearing in Gramophone and BBC Music Magazine.
TV Now is an Irish magazine containing a television guide, interviews with television stars and other television-related items.
and in September 2010 and 2012 the journal won the Louis Roederer Award for International Wine Publication of the Year.
As of 2001 Cycle World was the largest motorcycling magazine in the world.
The company had financial problems due to some cancelled projects and to a disappointing number of visitors of Club Galactik.
Pop City is a weekly online magazine and website with content focusing on news and features about Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Arkansas Highways is a magazine that contains updates and information, as well as artistic photographs related to the state of Arkansas and the Arkansas Highway System.
Additionally, Automobile reserves a good portion of each issue covering vehicles no longer in production, but still relevant to collectors or automotive history as a whole.
Catering to the new urban youth, the series featured the mythical persona of Lance Spearman, a.k.a.
The Atlantic Paranormal Society is an organization that investigates reported paranormal activity.
Beaver Hunt was a monthly pornographic magazine aimed at men and published in the United States.
With this move came a drastic improvement in the quality of the magazine, adding glossy and color pages inside.
Sniff Petrol's articles comment on motoring and motorsport events, both real and fictional, by parodying the styles of presentation and language used in various motoring fields.
The format and style of Ralph was similar to other men's magazines, such as Maxim and Loaded.
Founded in 1969 under the name Replay, then The St. Louisan until 1977, it covers local history, cuisine, and lifestyles.
Kim Chinquee’s “Formation" - 2007 Pushcart Prize
Razvlecheniye was a Russian illustrated weekly magazine published in Moscow in 1859—1916.
Cash Box is a defunct music industry trade magazine that was published weekly from July 1942 to November 1996.
Shadowland was an American monthly magazine about art, dance, and film published from 1919 to 1923 before being absorbed by Motion Picture Classic.
The magazine gained a reputation for honest and mainly accurate reviews and a reputation for good humor.
The number of issues published per year was increased to twelve in 2014.
Trailer Life is a magazine dealing with recreational vehicles.
In addition to celebrity interviews, Tint also regularly features stories on everyday women who are making their own individual impacts on the world.
The magazine was aimed at intermediate to advanced PC users, computer professionals and enthusiasts.
PK17 : Front cover – montage of Anthrax, Arch Enemy, Sentenced & H.I.M.
Lonny is a monthly online magazine, launched in October 2009, that focuses on lifestyle and home decor.
"Villanova" by John Hodgman was the first short story published by One Story.
Its headquarters is in Orange County, California.
Mladý Svět was a magazine published in Czechoslovakia and the Czech Republic.
Chip is a computer and communications magazine published by the CHIP Holding in several countries of Europe and Asia.
Under later editor Joyce Greenholdt, the magazine's frequency increased to monthly.
It has an uncertain future as of 2013.
Recently, American Heritage announced its intention to digitize essays from past issues.
It is written for an audience of non-psychologists.
Each issue was priced at £2.50 and came with a pack of trading cards.
Purple is a French fashion, art and culture magazine founded in 1992.
It is Australia's highest selling weekly magazine.
His important articles included a review of the 'B' text of W.B.
It was operated by the Education Department, with writers such as James Pollard and John K. Ewers.
"The magazine is published in English and Telugu by Sri Sathya Sai Books and Publications Trust from Prasanthi Nilayam."
It is owned by Worldwide Media, a 50:50 joint venture between BBC Worldwide and The Times Group.
The magazine features nonfiction articles, short stories, poems, games, comics, recipes, crafts, and more.
Idényt is a Danish language lifestyle magazine freely distributed to households.
Bodo's Power Systems is a German monthly news magazine focusing exclusively on power electronics and is published in Laboe.
Monde was a weekly French international communist magazine.
The headquarters is in Santa Fe, New Mexico.
iCar was a British automobile magazine published by Future.
Bosom Friend is a Chinese language bimonthly celebrity and women's magazine published in Wuhan, China.
Print edition cover girls have included Brittny Gastineau, Vanessa Carlton, Stacie Jones Upchurch, Nicky Hilton, Theodora Richards and Monica Gabor.
It was then relaunched by Weldon under its more commonly known name as an offset quarterly in 1989.
The designer is Doreen Jorgensen, and staff photographer is David Toerge.
In the 1860s it had about 1,400 subscribers, 300 of whom lived in Silesia, 600 in Galicia.
Global Movie is a magazine, published monthly in India.
The precursor to PC Zone was the award-winning multiformat title Zero.
It was notable as the only UK science fiction magazine at the time.
It debuted in July, 1992 and is published six times per year in even-numbered months.
The first edition was released in August 1978 as a special computer show edition, and the second issue was October 1978.
The magazine and its website publish original nursing research and a variety of clinical articles for nurses at all stages in their career.
Founded in 1934 by Al C. Kalmbach, it is published monthly by Kalmbach Publishing of Waukesha, Wisconsin.
It features young artists' work of male models from agencies around the world.
Acadiana Profile is a bi-monthly magazine published in the American state of Louisiana.
Editor Tim Harrison issued the first number in May, 1992.
ESPN The Magazine is a fortnightly sports magazine published by the ESPN sports network in Bristol, Connecticut in the United States.
Beckford held that the magazine showed how "organic intellectuals" of ISKCON were discussing their research and ideas with scholars and in some cases conducting joint research.
Full Wii and Nintendo 3DS coverage were added over time, as was reports about the then-upcoming Wii U in later issues.
In 2014, it launched the electronic version of the magazine for IPad.
SPO:) includes a large number of color photographs, scouting reports from NBA and Euroleague, and posters in the center of the magazine.
It will grant the opportunity to our faithful to receive authentic and regular information from the source.
The magazine's companion web presence, relevantmagazine.com, launched in 2002 with the email newsletter, "850 Words of Relevant".
The magazine was published by 'Euphorion Books', a publishing company formed by Mosley and her husband, Sir Oswald Mosley, founder of the British Union of Fascists.
The fitness section also covers topics such as injury prevention, getting started with fitness, cardio, toning, and seasonal tips for working-out in certain conditions.
In July 2015 the magazine digitized its past issues.
Rail is an English magazine on the subject of current rail transport in Great Britain.
Their first issue was published in the Spring of 2006.
Its finely executed illustrations showed the scenery, architecture, and commerce of Oregon, Washington, California, Idaho, Montana, British Columbia, and Alaska.
After surviving for over 80 years as an independent publication, Wisden purchased the magazine and in 2003 merged it with Wisden Cricket Monthly.
Distributed by subscription and also through newsagents, it has, as of May 2011, a cover price of £4.10.
It focused on women with large breasts, and is subtitled "Home of the D-Cups."
It has always been independent but has usually supported the Labour Party from the left.
The Nebelspalter is a Swiss satirical magazine.
Top Pops was founded initially as a three-weekly publication by Woodrow Wyatt in May 1967, becoming fortnightly in November 1967 and weekly in June 1968.
The Magazine and Online site Gamez.dk took over the online sites Gamereactor.dk .se.
Lowry stopped including games in the magazine, preferring to sell them separately under the Panzerfaust Publications imprint.
It was suspended again in the late 2016.
The magazine also has a website, which publishes daily technology news.
On May 22, 2010, the magazine started to be published monthly.
Galaxy Magazine, or The Galaxy, was an American monthly magazine founded by William Conant Church and his brother Francis P. Church in 1866.
Other countries with international standing include Australia, Luxembourg, the United Kingdom and the United States.
F1 Racing is a monthly magazine focused on Formula One racing that launched in March 1996.
Hudson Valley is a regional-interest monthly magazine that covers the Hudson Valley.
It was founded in 2009 and has become one of Korea's most popular English resources for news and information.
In June 2008, Masthead Online reported that alive ranked 31st in revenues of all Canadian magazines, and had a readership of 562,000.
Founded in 2008, the magazine has two editions catering to the cities of Jeddah, and Riyadh.
Until the cut-off in 1913 the journal organized numerous writing competitions which helped to achieve more popularity.
Oxford Today: The University Magazine is a magazine for the alumni of Oxford University.
Its short run has been explained by the North American video game crash of 1983.
All magazine titles are written the same way in English, unless otherwise noted.
Obituaries are regularly printed of those previously profiled.
Established in 1988 by editors Thomas Frank and Keith White, it was headquartered in Chicago, Illinois until 2010, when it moved to Cambridge, Massachusetts.
2010 marked the 25th anniversary of Working Mother’s signature research initiative, Working Mother 100 Best Companies and almost a decade of Best Companies for Multicultural Women.
Run was an American computer magazine published monthly by IDG Communications with its first issue debuting in January 1984.
The Sunday Times Magazine is a magazine included with The Sunday Times.
It emerged from the flourishing Californian musical experimentalism of the late 1950s-early 1960s, at UC-Davis and Mills College.
The magazine ceased publication of printed magazines after December 2008 due to financial downturn.
Locus, subtitled The Magazine of The Science Fiction & Fantasy Field, is an American magazine published monthly in Oakland, California.
The tabloid articles include reports about scandals, scams, affairs, background politics, murders, crime to the public eye, although the accuracy of the reports is often questionable.
The magazine is based in Valencia, California, and is one of the oldest titles dedicated to martial arts in the United States.
Its editor-in-chief was Pat McGuire, its associate editor was Breanna Murphy and its layout designer was Melissa Simonian.
SOUTHASIA Magazine is an English language political and news magazine published from Pakistan.
Since its beginning, Guide has been popular reading during the church service for young people.
It was published in the United States and distributed internationally since April, 1975.
It was the successor to Computer Gaming World.
Exame has a circulation of about 200.000 copies with 160.000 subscribers.
The last issue was the 1-16 Dec issue and features Elton John, Michael Jackson, Mariah Carey and Eminem; which represent each decade of entertainment.
Each issue would also include gaming news, tips, readers' letters, readers' game reviews, comics, competitions, and full-size posters.
The magazine's art director, Simon Roche, was named designer of the year by the Periodical Publishers Association of Ireland in December 2008.
Starlog, though it called itself a science fiction magazine, actually contained no fiction.
Further, Dispatches was distinguished by its use of long-form journalism and photo-essay to explore a single topic of international relevance in each issue.
It published bi-monthly until 1997 when it became a monthly.
Consumers' Checkbook/Center for the Study of Services is an independent, nonprofit consumer organization.
womenSports magazine was the first magazine dedicated to women in sports.
Theatre Pasta is an Indian Theatre magazine launched in 2005 and published by Chilsag Chillies Theatre Company, with playwright and director, Sachin Gupta as its editor.
Many articles were from an Irish nationalist perspective.
Anokhi Kahaniyan is children's Urdu language magazine published from Karachi, Pakistan.
Motorcyclist is a motorcycling magazine in the United States.
Swimming World was a mimeograph/newsletter published for the previous 10 years by Robert J. H. Kiphuth.
It was first published in 1938 by the department's predecessor, the Missouri Conservation Commission.
Vintage Guitar also includes monthly repair columns written by noted luthiers Dan Erlewine and Will Kelly.
It started publishing a print edition again in 1999 in its most recent form.
Smartish Pace was named "Best Poetry Journal" in 2007 by the Baltimore City Paper.
Important part of the journal consists of book reviews.
It has won and been nominated for 13 Independent Press Awards.
The 1983 edition was edited by Vanessa Houlder, and included contributions from Mike Grubb.
The magazine was usually 40 pages long and trimmed to quarto paper size.
It was published between 1987 and 1992.
Its headquarters are in the Batiste Cultural Arts Academy school facility, in the former Live Oak Elementary School in the Irish Channel neighborhood.
Computeractive is a fortnightly computer magazine published by Dennis Publishing in the United Kingdom.
If was merged into Galaxy Science Fiction after the December 1974 issue, its 175th issue overall.
Gothic & Lolita Bible is a quarterly Japanese fashion "mook", a combination of a magazine and book, which focuses on the Gothic and Lolita fashions.
Executive is an English language monthly business magazine published in Beirut, Lebanon.
It also embodies the magazine's dedication to publishing lively, informative news and views, to "roam free, and go where we wish" as the tyee salmon do.
HTH is printed in English, French, and Spanish.
The title reflected the fact that at the time the BBC broadcast via radio only.
DC Universe Presents Batman Superman was cancelled with Issue 7, due to lack of sales.
However, the gaming market was in deep recession and both circulation and advertisement income targets were never achieved.
The current art director is Ben Kelway.
The Sipag Pinoy is a publication of the Department of Labor and Employment of the national government of the Philippines.
Physics Today is the membership magazine of the American Institute of Physics that was established in 1948.
Damian Wild has been its Editor since August 2009.
Boys' Life is published in two demographic editions.
The Natural Farmer is a magazine publication based in the Northeastern United States that covers agricultural topics for farmers.
A special edition spin-off version called Dengeki G's Festival!
Issue 14 released in 2004 was the last issue.
Nirogdham Patrika started spreading health awareness in the country.
The magazine's now-defunct website described it thus:
Shōnen Book is famously known in Japan for being the predecessor to the company's famous Weekly Shōnen Jump magazine.
TwoMorrows Publishing is the owner of the magazine and it is headquartered in Raleigh, NC.
August Man is a monthly men's luxury lifestyle publication, based in Singapore, which launched in September 2006.
The headquarters of the magazine is in São Paulo.
Each issue contained an editorial, poems, translations and prose by poets.
It was the first-ever theater-wide magazine in Iraq dedicated to publishing information and stories representational of each country in the coalition serving in Iraq.
Food & Wine is a monthly magazine published by Time Inc.
Dance Magazine is an influential American trade publication for dance published by the Macfadden Communications Group.
Notable contributors include: Ntone Edjabe, Anna Jäger, Kangsen Feka Wakai, Jeremy Klemin, Serubiri Moses, Minna Salami, Jack Little, Emmanuel Iduma, Bwesigye bwa Mwesigire and Johnnie MacViban.
This was explained as Sega looking for a new way to distribute demos.
It was published weekly under this title from 1897 until 1963, then every two weeks until 1969.
It was launched in December 2000 by Brendan Barrington, who remains the editor and publisher, assisted by Nora Mahony and then Deanna Ortiz in 2013.
Its long-term editor and publisher was Lewis Gaylord Clark, whose "Editor's Table" column was a staple of the magazine.
As Yolk was closing, Honda Motor Co. offered a four month advertising contract.
The headquarters of the magazine was in Thousands Oaks, California.
The Budapest Business Journal or BBJ is an English-language biweekly magazine published in Hungary.
Shadis was an independent gaming magazine that published articles on role-playing games.
Macworld is a web site dedicated to products and software of Apple Inc., published by Mac Publishing, which is headquartered in San Francisco, California.
The first issue was released on 18 January 2003.
Contributors included Lester Bangs, Jeremy Gluck, Danny Sugerman, Jeffrey Morgan AKA Machine Rock.
This includes a US circulation of 3.5 million.
In 2012 the magazine launched a magazine supplement "Products in Practice" or PiP, which is published six times a year, edited by Jan-Carlos Kucharek.
Nritoday has been published in New York City since August 1994 by the TPT Groups inc, whose founding editor is Venugopal.
The magazine describes its mission as "to foster the international exchange of perspectives and information."
Limba Română is a magazine from the Republic of Moldova founded in 1991 by Ion Dumeniuc.
Performance Bikes, often known by the shortened form of "PB", is a monthly British motorcycling magazine which evolved during the 1980s from the long-running Motorcycle Mechanics.
The New Islander's website has been praised for being "nostalgic and simple, yet still rich and sophisticated."
YOLK's first editor was Philip Chung, but managing editor, Larry Tazuma, came up with the magazine's name.
HBR's articles cover a wide range of topics that are relevant to various industries, management functions, and geographic locations.
Faculty editors past and present include Mark Doty, Claudia Rankine, and Nick Flynn.
Grab It Indie Games Magazine is a digital video game magazine for iPad.
Shair is the oldest Urdu-language literary magazine, based in Mumbai, India.
A new magazine called The Wisden Cricketer enjoyed some success under the editorship of John Stern over the next eight years.
QS World University Rankings is an annual publication of university rankings by Quacquarelli Symonds.
Issues from the early 1990s began to include a number of "one-shot" models purchased in bulk from glamour photographers.
The magazine published works of fiction, creative non-fiction, poetry and art by established and emerging writers and artists, and mock ads.
Global Securities Lending magazine was aimed at borrowers, lenders and other individuals in the worldwide securities lending market.
In 2008, it had a circulation of 182,667 copies.
Julio Villanueva Chang was the first editor-in-chief.
is intended primarily as a magazine for car buyers rather than dedicated enthusiasts.
Every number contains news about astronomy and news about events in the society.
Above has been described as "cutting edge", a magazine using luxury, fashion, art, photography, architecture, and design to raise awareness of the endangered environment.
Urban Land magazine regularly publishes original stories and commentaries from notable land use leaders and urban thinkers.
Today, West Shore illustrations provide a detailed record of the Pacific Northwest as it existed in the second half of the nineteenth century.
In 1939 La Révolution prolétarienne ceased publication, but reappeared in 1947 and still exists.
Yo Vizag is a monthly English-language lifestyle magazine owned by Shilpanjani Dantu and published from the Indian city of Visakhapatnam.
It covers topics such as planning, transportation, urban economies, housing, environmental issues and housing.
The Examiner has the fewest pages and is the least expensive tabloid in American Media's portfolio; it aims for an older audience.
The section was named after a former sister magazine which folded after a short run.
Official Xbox Magazine is a monthly video game magazine which started in November 2001 around the launch of the original Xbox.
Articles are intended for readers with backgrounds in all areas of computer science and information systems.
Cultural historian Neil Harris has recently written a book on the subject, The Chicagoan: A Lost History of the Jazz Age.
The magazine is published online by The Israel Project.
Formerly owned by Harris Publications, Future US bought the magazine in 2003.
Big Comic Superior is a semimonthly seinen manga magazine published since July 1, 1987 by Shogakukan in Japan.
Art Collector is a quarterly art magazine.
The headquarters of Rockerilla is in Cairo Montenotte.
It is available only online, and specializes in serializing domestic and imported comics.
It claims to be "read by half of the nation's 1 million lawyers every month".
In 2009 they returned to a quarterly schedule.
The company also owned Icakuriren, a weekly family magazine, until October 2014.
It was first published in 2013 by a number of tambura musicians.
Community Chickens is a joint Mother Earth News and Grit online magazine published by Ogden Publications in Topeka, Kansas.
Bahá'í News was a monthly magazine, published between December 1924 and October 1990, that covered "news and events in the worldwide Bahá'í community."
Rhea has also walked in the 2000 and 2001 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show.
In August 2016, the magazine began offering a "soft" paywall option, where a limited amount of content is made available free to all unregistered readers.
In addition to the print edition, it has a subscription service available for the iPad.
"Kangura" was a Rwandan word meaning "wake others up", as opposed to "Kanguka", which meant "wake up".
The magazine is the only Austrian publication in the field of popular science, because Germany-published magazines dominate the field in the country.
The magazine was launched in November 1994.
Tramways & Urban Transit, also known as Modern Tramway, is a British monthly magazine about tramways and light rail transport, published continuously since 1938.
Gjuha Shqipe is a scientific magazine published in Pristina, Kosovo, by the Albanological Institute.
Forthcoming releases include Why God Why by Matt Rowan and Starfish Over Oyster by Heather Palmer.
Following Field's departure, DC-UK reverted to the standard Future plc format, which was used until the magazine's closure.
Since its Fall 2013 issue, ALR has been an online digital publication.
It is one of Asia's top fashion magazines and is published in Japan, China, Taiwan, Hong Kong, and Thailand.
Synthesis/Regeneration is the editorial confluence of two earlier magazines, Green Synthesis and Regeneration.
Der Adler was a biweekly Nazi propaganda magazine published by the Scherl Verlag, founded by August Scherl, with the support of the Luftwaffe High Command.
There is also a Facebook page, a Twitter account and a LinkedIn company page.
The Owl Journal is a magazine published, produced and written by students from the University of Oxford.
Kvant is a popular science magazine in physics and mathematics for school students and teachers, issued since 1970 in Soviet Union and continued in Russia.
Mother Earth News is a bi-monthly American magazine that has a circulation of 500,520.
Magyar Demokrata is a weekly magazine published in Budapest, Hungary.
PORK is a music magazine/fanzine created by husband and wife artist team Sean Aaberg and Katie Aaberg in 2010.
Today, the magazine is published by the independent Economic Affairs Bureau, Inc., a 501(c)3 non-profit corporation based in Boston, Massachusetts.
During this time, it has covered several notable shifts, including cable television, the shift away from commission-based agency fees, and the Internet.
The Mountain Astrologer is a bi-monthly English language astrology magazine, written for professional astrologers and astrology students of all levels.
PC Explorer, PC Utilities, PC Tools, and TipStation were formerly published by Magnesium Media.
The periodical started life in June 1894 as The Single Tax, changing its name to Land Values in June 1902.
Cziraky left the magazine in 1994 over creative differences with George, and was replaced as Associate Editor by Rochon.
LIME was a monthly magazine published under the umbrella of MediaCorp that targeted Asian youths and focused on tabloid breaking news, music, celebrity,entertainment and lifestyle.
Numerous contests involved the readers in the production of the journal and were meant to stimulate cultural life.
The magazine has been called “the principal organ of the American cultural left from 1926 onwards."
Afternoon is a Japanese seinen manga magazine anthology published by Kodansha.
Each issue focused on the work of four artists, presenting two in-depth essays for each artist.
Mike Soutar, former editor-in-chief of FHM and editorial director at IPC, is CEO.
Rock & Folk is a prominent French popular music magazine founded in 1966, and published in the Paris suburb of Clichy.
The Regulatory Affairs Journal Pharma is an English language international pharmaceutical information and analysis service published by Informa plc.
Recipients are executives, general managers, plant managers, technicians, metallurgists, chemists, and engineers responsible for fabrication, production, and operations in this industry.
Australia, officially the Commonwealth of Australia, is a country comprising the mainland of the Australian continent, the island of Tasmania and numerous smaller islands.
The offices are located near Times Square in New York City.
Circulation numbers between October 2009 and September 2010 was 200,000.
It was forced to suspend publication that year when a recession caused a drop in advertising pages.
The last issue shipped on January 26, 2009.
The magazine was established in 1990, following the invasion of the rebel Rwandan Patriotic Front, and continued publishing up to the genocide.
Schwartz stated that while he had a vision of the magazine as more "political and Australian" whereas Craven was perhaps "more broad and internationalist".
Controversy among the members of the editorial staff soon resulted in adoption of a more temperate policy.
Unlike rival magazine Amiga Power, Amiga Force decided not to include any coverdisks on the issues.
Nancy Gibbs has been the managing editor since October 2013.
Frog series and other works promoted by Bandai such as Gundam.
At the same time the magazine changed profile towards more culture issues.
VSD is a French weekly news, celebrity and leisure magazine, published on Thursdays in France.
Published in Armenian language by Shavarsh Chrisian offered an additional incentive for extending the interest towards the sport among the Ottoman Armenians.
Between 2009 to 2011, the magazine was considered the most prominent poker magazine in Asia by the Asian Poker Ratings website.
Springfield, New Jersey: Libes Inc. 1: 4, 13.
In 1897 it was renamed McCall's Magazine—The Queen of Fashion and subsequently grew in size to become a large-format glossy.
It is due to launch in the first quarter of 2015.
The current Editors-in-Chief of Semper Floreat are Penelope Webster and Inez Penrose and the Deputy Editor in Chief is Michael Quirk.
Irish Computer  is a separate ICT magazine bundled with ComputerScope for trade and channel readers.
The guide book publishes a list of the top ten mystery books published in Japan in the previous year.
El Temps is a weekly newsmagazine, published in Valencia by Edicions del País Valencià since 1984.
Executive Travel magazine was an American bimonthly magazine published in New York City by Time Inc.
It was first published in 1858 and celebrated its 150th anniversary in 2008.
The magazine is part of the Center for Middle Eastern Strategic Studies and is published by the Center on a bimonthly basis.
Its headquarters is located in São Paulo with offices in Rio de Janeiro, Brasília and New York City.
According to the Audit Bureau of Circulations, it is the largest circulated English newsmagazine in India.
CollegeMoguls.com reported that with its creation, "campus journalism goes 2.0."
The magazine is published in English and draws its subscription base primarily from the United States of America and Canada.
Alaska is a periodical devoted to news and discussion of issues and features of and from Alaska.
The editorial component of Ad Age is based in New York City.
Parnassus was founded by Herbert Leibowitz as editor and Stanley Lewis, the original publisher, in New York City.
The album, titled III, was released in November 2014 and became the band's seventh number one.
The Courier was an ACP-EU development magazine published by the Development Directorate General of the European Commission, focusing on ACP-EU Development Cooperation.
There are now several international editions including China, India, New Zealand and South Africa.
Grand Street was an American magazine which appeared from 1981 to Fall 2004.
The revamped copy went on sale on 30 March 2010.
In the 2000s, the distribution has fallen to an average of 37 to 42 thousand per issue.
The magazine contained features, essays, interviews, reviews, columns, culture articles, fiction and sexually suggestive shots of boys as young as 13.
It was first published in 1974 by Larry Flynt.
was a quarterly journal of folk music and folk songs that was published from May 1950 through spring 2014.
The founding editors hail from Reading, Berkshire and Durham.
Then, from 1990 to 2006, the journal began releasing two issues per volume but resumed releasing four issues per volume in 2007.
Dhumketu was a bi-weekly magazine edited by Kazi Nazrul Islam which was first published on 11 August 1922.
Anannya is a women's Bengali-language magazine published fortnightly in Bangladesh since 1987.
In addition to its musical focus, the magazine likes to investigate cover art and mixed media artistic works.
Perihelion Science Fiction pays semi-professional rates for fiction.
Ham Radio was a monthly amateur radio enthusiast magazine published in the United States from November 1967 to June 1990.
The magazine is currently published by the worker-run Combustion Books in New York City and distributed by AK Press.
The manga series from this magazine are later compiled and published in book form under the Ribon Mascot Comics imprint.
Material published must be accessible and relevant to a broad readership.
It succeeded to an earlier magazine called Semaine de France and was originally intended as a competitor to Paris Match.
Punk published 15 issues between 1976 and 1979, as well as a special issue in 1981, and several more issues in the new millennium.
Three of the four supplementary publications, the Pro Football Weekly Preview, Fantasy Football Guide and Draft Preview, continue to be published annually by Shaw Media.
The subtitle is: 'A Link Between the Celtic Nations'.
Wonder en is gheen Wonder is a popular science magazine of the Flemish skeptical association SKEPP.
Started in 2002 by current publisher and Editor-in-Chief Connie Wilson, the magazine has grown to be one of the largest dog-related publications in North America.
Dilema veche is a Romanian weekly magazine that covers culture, social topics, and politics.
The name, a registered trademark, is adapted from a Middle English word meaning "to tell the future."
Pyramid features general gaming articles by freelance authors, as well as Designer's Notes by Steve Jackson Games product developers, industry news, cartoons, and gaming product reviews.
Oriental Stories, later retitled The Magic Carpet Magazine, was a pulp magazine of 1930-34, an offshoot of the famous Weird Tales.
Angler's Mail is a weekly angling magazine published in London, UK, by IPC Media's Inspire division.
Country Living is an American lifestyle and home magazine published by the Hearst Corporation since 1978.
The issue was released officially on July 21, 2010.
Subjects that appear on these types of trading cards are television and movie properties, comic book characters, music icons, product parodies, and many other topics.
Established in 1985, the magazine was first named as SWA Sembada.
Compliance Week is published by Wilmington Group plc, is the leading news, analysis and information resource for the ethics, governance, risk, and compliance professions.
CIO is headquartered in New York City.
Angelicuss is the first Romanian LGBT magazine and is published by Be An Angel, an LGBT rights organisation from Cluj-Napoca.
Each issue highlights current trends and happenings in cuisine, nightlife, news, travel, and style.
The magazine is now one of the most active Malaysian media partners to exhibitors and their logo can be seen in many international Malaysian exhibitions.
The Monday edition sells an average of 240,000 copies, while the Thursday edition has an average circulation of about 220,000 copies.
Each week BRW focused on a sector or topic relevant to business people or investors.
Christian History Institute reclaimed custody of the title and revived the publication in 2011 with an issue on the 400th anniversary of the King James Bible.
The Word Among Us is a monthly Catholic devotional magazine.
The aforementioned interaction is evaluated and monitored in attempts to maximize benefits of multilateral international cooperation.
It had a more serious medical and scientific editorial than women's magazines.
It is published by London-based media company TCOLondon, which also publishes Little White Lies magazine.
In February 2006, the magazine achieved a circulation of 77,174, making it the largest outdoor and travel magazine in any language in South Africa.
Together with Sports Afield and Outdoor Life, it is considered one of the Big Three of American outdoor publishing.
It featured short fiction, novellas, serialized larger works, and even entire short novels.
In June 1987 the keys were removed and the font became italicized with rounded letters.
With a later title change to 1000 Jokes Magazine, it was published quarterly over three decades.
Each issue contains articles in the following departments: Operations & Engineering Skills, Managers & Executives Skills, IT & Networking Skills.
The magazine allows women an organized approach to keeping their lives on track and staying healthy.
BBC History is the biggest selling history magazine in the UK and is growing in circulation by nearly 7% every year.
It covers and observes football "at all levels and through all lenses, including NFL NCAA, high school, fantasy, gear and more."
The current version of The Gooner resembles a more professional glossy publication but still retains its sense of being an unofficial product produced by fans.
Tactical Knives was a knife magazine that was published six times per year by Harris Publications.
Urecco was a monthly men's magazine published in Japan.
Some of the special issues published include
Although Herbert Greenhough Smith was associated with the launch of the magazine, the first editor, until 1910, was Alderson Anderson.
The principal French language alternative to Diapason was Le Monde de la Musique, but that magazine ceased publication in 2009.
Fantastic Man is better designed, better photographed and rafts more stylish than the competition.
At first, conceptually a cross between a news and general interest magazine, Evropa's first issue appeared on April 15, 2004.
The Global Journal is a bimonthly magazine published by the Société des Fondateurs de The Global Journal SA concentrating on global governance issues.
The magazine is published by Land Report LLC in Dallas, Texas, USA.
It also focuses on celebrity, with stars instead of models as subjects of the fashion and lifestyle shoots.
Lifestyle Fragrance is a magazine dedicated to lifestyle, health, beauty and fashion.
ST Format was a computer magazine in the UK covering the Atari ST during the late 1980s and early 1990s.
Scientific American Mind is published by Nature Publishing Group which also publishes Scientific American and was established in 2004.
The journal was published from 1954 until January 1976 by the U.S. Farmer Cooperative Service.
7 was made available on January 8, 2010.
Video Boy and its sister publication Bejean were published by Eichi Publishing.
Blender was an American music magazine that billed itself as "the ultimate guide to music and more".
It features chart information, star gossip, fashion and beauty advice, quizzes, song lyrics and posters.
The magazine focused on recording and live-performance hardware, electronic music instruments, and music-production hardware and computer software.
It also conducts interviews with political figures and experts.
It has been run by Tiberio Graziani until December 2011, then directionship has been taken by Claudio Mutti, which is also the publisher.
Orbit Science Fiction was a short lived science fiction magazine anthology published in 1953 and 1954 by the Hanro Corporation.
Each issue features both U.S. and international news, cultural analysis, editorials and commentary, as well as book, music and movie reviews.
The magazine is also noted for its photography, especially relating to fashion and style.
As a result, the former declined in circulation and influence.
It is based in New York City.
In August 2007 the magazine was awarded with the state honorary badge "For Active Work on Patriotic Upbringing of the Citizens of the Russian Federation".
Birding Scotland is a quarterly birding magazine published in the United Kingdom.
It has been published for 127 years with some interruptions.
Circulation peaked in the mid-1960s but has surged in recent years.
It was boycotted by printers as "un-American" by 1971.
The Observer is published by a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization, the Texas Democracy Foundation.
In later years, the magazine was frequently found alongside Loaded, FHM and Maxim on the newsagents shelves.
Gwiazdka Cieszyńska also stood also against the influence of the socialist movement.
Cafcaf Humour Magazine is a magazine that has been published in Turkey since 2007.
In August 2013 Time Off was merged with two other magazines, Drum Media and Inpress, owned by Street Press and was renamed as The Music.
Gyro was published as a newsprint magazine during the late 1990s and as a glossy magazine in the late 2000s.
A comment from the BBC was included: "The B.B.C.
It caters for executives and other high-net-worth individuals.
Big Comic Spirits is a weekly Japanese seinen manga magazine published by Shogakukan and aimed at adult males.
While the title suggests that it focuses on taekwondo exclusively, the magazine also covers other Korean martial arts.
It is a member of the City and Regional Magazine Association.
Audubon is the flagship journal of the National Audubon Society.
As a free magazine, it has a high proportion of advertising space for revenue.
Originally Blueboy featured more "softcore" images, fiction, news features, essays and social commentary, and articles on music and entertainment.
"I am beguiled by your physical beauty," he continued, "and I am moved by how head-over-heels in love with books you are.
The magazine is printed on recycled paper and archives all its issues online.
The magazine offers articles on arts, literature and movies.
Safeguard is now published bi-monthly by Thomson Reuters.
Harrowsmith will always be about reconnecting: to food, land and community.
Jackie and Blue Jeans, were not as outspoken as the word "kiss" in capitalised letters.
Moto Hagio's works and Keiko Takemiya's works in particular were very groundbreaking.
Over the years, models featured in Men Only have also appeared in different photo-shoots in Club International.
Innovation is a subscription-based magazine, compiling recent developments in the area of research in Singapore and globally.
Vijenac is a biweekly magazine for literature, art and science, established in December 1993 and published by Matica hrvatska, the central national cultural institution in Croatia.
The Morning Swim Show is Swimming World TV's flagship program which streams weekday mornings.
Contemporary Japan: A Review of Far Eastern Affairs was a quarterly Japanese English-language magazine published between 1932 and 1970 by the Foreign Affairs Association of Japan.
In 1977, Charles Koch purchased the magazine and turned it into a national magazine under the editorship of Roy A. Childs, Jr..
It additionally offers "full, comprehensive coverage" of Cambridge Film Festival.
While its name says "ballet," it also covers modern dance, contemporary dance, other choreography, and all kinds of folk dance including Asian traditions.
Published by San-Ei Shobo Publishing in both print and video format, it is the sister publication to Option, Option2 and Video Option.
Conceive Magazine is a health and lifestyle publication that provides information about women's health and fertility, about various methods of conception, and about adoption.
JJ is a Japanese fashion and lifestyle magazine published by Kobunsha.
Fawcett discontinued Electronics Illustrated with the November 1972 issue and some of the content was continued in Mechanix Illustrated.
It is the second oldest sports journal in the World.
Since then he has been the publisher and editor-in-chief of the magazine.
Magnet is a music magazine that generally focuses on alternative, independent, or out-of-the-mainstream bands.
First printed in 1997, its content is created by and for Nyingma and Kagyu sanghas.
Novynar was a Ukrainian language news magazine briefly published in Kiev, Ukraine, from 2007 to 2008.
It covers both domestic and international affairs and political events, as well as political discourse at Harvard.
Monthly coverage includes case histories, news, products, and articles on environmental, regulatory and global packaging issues.
Founded in 2001, its Editor-in-Chief is Susannah Frankel, who joined in January 2016.
Internationally, the band have had 56 number one singles and 37 number one albums.
It is published under a Creative Commons license, and is free for download.
Hombre is a sponsor of Latin events throughout the United States.
Nicole had previously worked for Cendant Corporation and Time Warner, and Scott had been a journalist at The New York Times.
It was founded in 1876 by Melvil Dewey.
Production of the magazine was ceased in February 2015.
BLOCK Magazine is a quarterly magazine about the African-American blues tradition.
Reflex is a Czech weekly magazine focusing on political, social and cultural topics.
Focus is an Italian monthly popular science magazine published in Milan, Italy.
Conventionally, a modern computer consists of at least one processing element, typically a central processing unit, and some form of memory.
In 1976 Norris was succeeded by saxophonist Bill Smith.
The magazine won the Best New Magazine award in 2004 at the PPA Magazine Awards and has won further awards in England and Scotland.
Arthur magazine was a bi-monthly periodical that was founded in October 2002, by publisher Laris Kreslins and editor Jay Babcock.
Penthouse, is a men's magazine founded by Robert C. "Bob" Guccione.
Most of its published titles are now discontinued
Artforum is an international monthly magazine specializing in contemporary art.
The magazine released some special editions as well, titled "Madhouse extra".
In the 1980s the magazine opposed perestroika.
The newspaper was purchased by Gannett in March 1980.
Scuba Diver AustralAsia is a scuba magazine dedicated to underwater pursuits in the Asia Pacific region.
^ Ben Wicks illustrated The Elementary Safety Book for Children
It is read by pilots, aircraft owners, and aviation-oriented executives in business and general aviation markets worldwide.
Its circulation is approximately 250,000 per issue.
Poulter made Cummins assistant editor, co-ordinating various strategy and analysis articles.
MedLabNews is a UK quarterly science magazine aimed at scientists and science professionals.
Honolulu is a city magazine covering Honolulu and the Hawaii region.
All four members of the Visegrád Group joined the European Union on 1 May 2004.
A print version bearing the same name has been revived in the Coachella Valley town of Palm Desert near Palm Springs, California.
7 was pre-released at Readercon, the conference on imaginative literature, on July 9, 2010.
Salut les copains later changed to Salut!
GRAB is a Chicago, Illinois LGBT entertainment magazine.
Shōnen Book also served as a root to many other magazines published by Shueisha.
In 2013 it transitioned from combined print/online publication to online-only.
Vue was partly owned by The Georgia Straight for a brief time, then was 100% independently owned by Ronald Garth for several years.
It has become one of the leading portals for information on African topics on the Internet.
Broadcasting & Cable is a weekly television industry trade magazine published by NewBay Media.
In February 2010, Collecticus also launched a companion auction website, making it possible to list items for sale online as well as in the magazine.
The Business called itself London's first global business magazine published in the United Kingdom.
ALT for Damerne is a Danish language weekly women's magazine published in Copenhagen, Denmark.
If all but one player folds on any round, the remaining player collects the pot without being required to reveal their hand.
True Crime Zine is an online magazine that reviews and critiques true-crime and fact-based books.
Entertain Magazine was a British newsstand magazine devoted to Film, DVD, Video Games and Themed Entertainment.
After his departure to launch the children's Dreamcast magazine, Mr Dreamcast, associate editor Keith Stuart took over until issue 19.
Zoetrope: All-Story is an American literary magazine that was launched in 1997 by Francis Ford Coppola and Adrienne Brodeur.
International Trade Today delivers independent editorial with insight.
For most of its history it appeared monthly, but relaunched as a bi-monthly during 2007.
Interviews and features spanned such groups as:
The articles cover a diverse range of historical periods and conflicts.
Regular writers in the magazine include Sanders, Cissell, Ashley, Mike McCracken, Mark Simpson-Vos, Alfred Hamilton and Jack Morton.
Organiser was relaunched in a magazine format since the edition of 1 April 2014.
In 2007, it transitioned to a Web-only publication.
Cine Blitz is a noted Hindi and English film magazine published every month from Mumbai about Bollywood, Hindi cinema.
Some schools in US and Canada use the book as an extra curriculum activity.
It is based in Wichita, Kansas, United States.
The magazine holds the registered U.S. trademark Portland Monthly from the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office, as well as the domain www.portlandmonthly.com.
It was sold on news-stands around the world.
Power Engineering International, also published by PennWell, covers Europe, Asia-Pacific, the Middle East and the rest of the world.
It was named a "Best New Magazine" shortly after its debut by Library Journal.
This article describes terms such as evangelical Adventism, cultural Adventism, charismatic Adventism, and progressive Adventism and others, which are generally related but have distinctions.
The magazine appears in a circulation of roughly 50.000 copies per month.
Cover stars were both male and female and were photographed and commented from a sexually interested viewpoint regardless of their sex.
People had $997 million in advertising revenue in 2011, the highest advertising revenue of any American magazine.
It was based in New York City and intended to sit alongside Vogue and Cosmopolitan.
The CTO Forum is an IT magazine for India CTO community published fortnightly by 9.9 Media.
The magazine became online-only publication and ceased the print edition in December 2016.
Sesame Street Magazine is an American monthly magazine based on the long-running children's television series Sesame Street.
Dyson came up with the idea for the magazine whilst heavily pregnant with her second child.
Founded in 1895 it is one of the earliest business publications in the country.
70 journalists, designers, revisers and photographers work for the paper.
The magazine was launched in October 1928 by Periodical House, Inc.
It was a supplementary magazine for the BBC television programme Top of the Pops, which stopped producing weekly shows in 2006.
White used the publication to expose "political Romanism in its efforts to gain the ascendancy in the U.S."
On September 22, 2012, Eric Nakamura curated Giant Robot Biennale 3 at the Japanese American National Museum.
The name is a contraction of its earlier title: Télévision-Radio-Cinéma.
Issues typically come with a 7" vinyl record or latterly a CD, and sometimes also special inserts such as artwork, scrap books, and discount coupons.
The magazine was published by Fédération panafricaine des cinéastes on a quarterly basis.
Hardware reviews were notable for including coverage of the large number of home microcomputers released during the early 1980s.
Weekly Young Jump has a two special issues, called Miracle Jump and Aoharu.
During its 91-year history the journal changed owners several times.
On February 25, 2007, it was announced on the magazine's web site that it would be ceasing publication indefinitely.
In February 2013, the editorial team conferred with London listings website and email service London In Stereo to launch a print monthly of the same name.
Navaliya is a Sinhala Language weekly for Women.
The volumes for May 1968-Nov. 1991 were called also whole no.
Beneath Ceaseless Skies is a fantasy adventure online magazine published in the United States by Firkin Press.
Founded by poets Alexandru Vlahuță and George Coșbuc, it is primarily remembered as a tribune for early 20th century traditionalism, neoromanticism and ethnic nationalism.
The publication was created by Bob Suehs when he was 16 years old & still in high school.
John also co-founded Bulldog Brewing Company in 1997 in Fresno, CA.
BPM is an American magazine, launched in 1996 Hollywood, California, publishing original content on "Music, Technology, Nightlife and Style".
President/Publisher Joseph L. Angel has over 22 years experience in the packaging press and serves on the board of the Clemson University Department of Packaging Science.
Garden Culture is a printed magazine that covers urban agriculture, gardening, gardening techniques, urban gardening projects and design ideas.
Globus is a Croatian language weekly news magazine published in Zagreb, Croatia.
The publication is aimed at users of the Ubuntu operating system and focuses on reviews, community news, how to articles and troubleshooting tips.
In September 1989, it was renamed Management Computing.
For newspaper extra editions and the catchphrase "Extra!
Founded in 1979 by Adam and Sybil Strum, Wine Enthusiast Companies engages in the wine accessories, storage, information, education, events and travel markets.
It is currently released twice monthly on the second and fourth Fridays.
Huisgenoot launched a few successful line extensions in 2010, including recipe and blockbuster titles.
Chalachithram was a weekly film magazine published in Malayalam language from Kerala, India.
Il Mondo was a weekly political, cultural and economic magazine founded by Gianni Mazzocchi and directed by Mario Pannunzio.
Until 2007, the magazine was published by Forbes.
Ulkopolitiikka is a Finnish-language magazine of international relations studies published by The Finnish Institute of International Affairs.
The magazine has been noted for the range of its contributors, which includes new writers from Ireland and elsewhere.
Bobo is a monthly Dutch magazine for children.
The magazine also offers local club information for wood carvers interested in local chapter details.
Each edition usually focused on a specific issue such as food, health, economics, genetic engineering, psychology, land and so on, from an anarchist viewpoint.
Creative Computing was one of the earliest magazines covering the microcomputer revolution.
François Marcela-Froideval became first editor in chief.
The magazine consists of articles for youth, teens, and adults, all of which are published concurrently in the church's English-language Ensign, New Era, and Friend magazines.
Opera News is an American classical music magazine.
Frontline Journal is an independent journal produced in support of the Scottish Socialist Party.
Marina O'Loughlin writes a regular travel column and has covered destinations such as Cork, Queens and Naples.
The American comics syndicated by the magazine include Disney comics, Henry, Dennis The Menace and also Batman, The Phantom and Mandrake the Magician, presently discontinued.
Founded by Earle R. MacAusland, Gourmet, first published in January 1941, also covered "good living" on a wider scale.
After more than 100,000 votes, Slipknot’s Joey Jordison was crowned as the winner, having taken more than 38,000 of the votes.
The collected editions of their titles were published under the Bunch Comics imprint.
It is published in Berkeley, California, by founding editor Wendy Lesser.
Even a picture during a knee surgery was included.
In 2010 an interactive website that has online dating and social networking, as well as a travel booking engine and music player.
Originally published by Quarto Magazines Ltd, and now published by Progressive Media International, the first issue was released in June 2004.
The magazine covers politics, poetry, film, fiction, philosophy, economics, book reviews, and criticism.
Natural History is a natural history magazine published in the United States.
Every issue includes a 20-page section dedicated to kitchen and bathroom makeovers.
The death of Dobrolyubov in 1861, an 8-month suspension of publishing activities, and Chernyshevsky's arrest caused irreparable damage to the magazine.
Knack is a Belgian weekly news magazine covering local news, politics, sports, business, jobs, and community events.
It specializes in the coverage of house music, electronica, experimental music, industrial music, queercore, techno, and jazz improvisation.
The magazine is based at One Central Park, in Greater Manchester.
It covered independent, underground and alternative music and multiple musical genres for an international subscription base.
Her World is a monthly English-language magazine published in Singapore targeted at the female professionals reading market.
Monkey was a free weekly men's magazine which was published by Dennis Publishing exclusively online and on mobile platforms.
A year later, in 1998, the magazine founded the Golden Ticket Awards, for which it has become best known for throughout the amusement park industry.
The character is a founding member of the Justice League, goddess, and Ambassador-at-Large of the Amazonian people.
Its name was a tribute to a much earlier magazine with similar coverage, the Electric Railway Journal, established in 1884 and published until 1931.
The magazine hosts four Country Living Fairs a year in Rhinebeck, NY, Nashville, TN, Columbus, OH and Atlanta, GA.
It is active in promoting an interdenominational effort toward its socially conservative views on public policy.
When the magazine was relaunched, it was directly competing with Computer and Video Games but with only a fifth of the 100,000 monthly sales.
Relix magazine was launched in 1974 as a handmade newsletter devoted to connecting people who recorded Grateful Dead concerts.
Dein Spiegel is a monthly German magazine aimed at young people.
A sister publication History Review, produced tri-annually until April 2012, provided information for sixth-form history students.
When the recession of 1980-81 hit, the company found themselves short of cash and unable to continue without a loan.
When Life was founded in 1883, it was developed as similar to the British magazine, Punch.
The magazine runs a roughly 50/50 mix of celebrity and human-interest articles.
SoftSide Magazine is a defunct computer magazine, begun in October 1978 by Roger Robitaille and published by SoftSide Publications of Milford, New Hampshire.
Three Rivers Review was established in Fall 1995 as a student produced magazine called Thirst.
Responsibility for publication passed in 1901 to Paul, and later in the year to Paul and associate Fred Verinder together.
On 24 February 2014, the former New York Times T Magazine online director, Horacio Silva, joined Departures as the newly created fashion and style director.
Existere - Journal of Arts & Literature is a Canadian magazine, that publishes twice a year at York University's Vanier College in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
The winner of the inaugural Sheldon Currie Prize was Nicholas Ruddock.
In-depth looks at future technologies and present opportunities.
The magazine was the first major sports magazine aimed specifically at Blacks.
The September 2012 edition was the last paper edition.
The magazine is published in a 32-page full-color 6x8" format.
The magazine is published quarterly and has one special issue each year.
Recently featured topics include synesthesia, chronic pain policy and aging physicians.
Its first issue was published in May 2008.
In 1991 the quality of the publication improved, making the transition from newsprint to a gloss medium, a direct result of the NZ$2 charge.
"It offers the busy reader an opportunity to browse while nestled at home."
It now publishes work by students at the University of Pittsburgh, University of Pittsburgh Regional campuses, and post-secondary undergraduate institutions in the Greater Pittsburgh area.
The remaining 95% is published exclusively in print.
Natural Bridge is an American literary magazine, based at University of Missouri in St. Louis, Missouri.
It is a member of the City and Regional Magazine Association.
It has a print circulation of 53,313 and a readership of 219,693 per week.
Published since 1982, Interzone is the eighth longest-running English language science fiction magazine in history, and the longest-running British SF magazine.
The company also owns and operates the Double Rock indoor skateboarding facility.
At the time the magazine defined itself as "a technical publication devoted to advancing programming knowledge of the Macintosh for both hacker and professional alike".
It was founded as the brainchild of H. L. Mencken and drama critic George Jean Nathan.
The exhibition was a survey of magazines made by contemporary artists since 2000.
Its headquarters is in Charlotte, North Carolina.
OC METRO was the largest of the five magazines published by Newport Beach-based Churm Media, Inc.
EIR is one of a number of publications owned by the LaRouche movement.
Hearst Magazines bought Hachette Filipacchi's Spanish magazines in 2011.
Museums Journal is a leading source of news and information for museums, galleries, heritage sites and historic houses.
After partnering with Christian radio station United Christian Broadcasters in 1995, the magazine was given more financial stability.
In 1997, Amusement Today won the Impact Award in the services category for "Best New Product" from the International Association of Amusement Parks and Attractions.
The first issue appeared in November 1900, with an initial press run of 35,000.
However, the title goes back to 1935 when it was founded by C. Arthur Pearson Ltd as a pocket magazine.
The discs also provided the software for the Xbox 360 for backward compatibility of original Xbox games for those without broadband and Xbox Live access.
It provides articles on news and is published on a weekly basis.
Objectif et action Mutualistes, or simply Mutualistes, is a French language bimonthly family magazine published in France.
The most notable features in Punk Planet were the interviews and album reviews.
It mainly covers classical music, but since inception, has also featured a jazz column in every issue.
The publication also reports heavily on progressive issues and culture, in general.
The magazine ultimately folded in 2011, transforming into an online, primarily Facebook-centered community.
After publication of the AIA Journal ended in August 1976, then followed Architecture magazine.
The magazine identifies which star and professional athletes are Jewish.
It is printed fortnightly, normally at £2.99, and is read by over 520,000 people each fortnight.
Professional Tool & Equipment News is a tool and equipment magazine for automotive repair technicians, shop owners, repair shop managers, mechanics, shop foreman and estimators.
Streaming video of performances and gear reviews are an integral part of the magazine's format.
It is produced at the Fabrica research centre in Treviso, Italy.
Rolling Stone is an American biweekly magazine that focuses on popular culture.
The deal valued Monocle at about U.S. $115 million, although the size of Nikkei's investment was undisclosed.
The Journal of Life Sciences is a full-color bimonthly American magazine and daily website published in San Francisco since May 2007.
The film was released on April 15, 2016.
Tattooed women like Kat Von D, Avril Lavigne, Diablo Cody, Eve and Malin Akerman have appeared on Inked's cover.
Inspired by American The New Yorker, Etiqueta Negra publishes chronicles, essays and reports.
It is best remembered for publishing a large number of stories by Robert E. Howard.
It places an emphasis on showcasing emerging voices and never before published writers in addition to the already established.
Since the creation of its sibling magazine, Welter has become graduate student run.
Spiegel Online, the online sibling of Der Spiegel, was launched in 1994 with an independent editorial staff.
The general magazine lasted 15 official issues, but there were many one-off publications produced in addition to the issue-based magazine.
Allure is an American women’s beauty magazine, published monthly by Conde Nast in New York City.
Kvir was a Russian gay lifestyle magazine.
The publisher of the magazine was Harry d’Emme.
The magazine began by focusing on the Southern California music scene, but now has a national focus and national distribution.
The magazine began publication in 2006 in the United Kingdom.
Members of the public were invited to become members and make financial contributions to the Society.
Editor Rachel Wharton authored Edible Brooklyn: The Cookbook in 2011.
It also regularly includes editorial pieces related to themes like technology, ecology, and religious debate.
Interviews are usually unedited or edited in the eccentric fashion of Warhol's books and The Philosophy of Andy Warhol: From A to B and Back Again.
The publication appeared on a bi-weekly basis until November 2007, when the magazine began publication on a monthly basis.
Revista de Libros is a Spanish-language bi-monthly literary review magazine.
Another Magazine, styled AnOther, is an international fashion and culture bi-annual.
It was published in the Arabic Language.
Described as "a magazine of new writing in Zimbabwe", Tsotso was published with a mandate to undermine the continued colonial domination of literature.
It features news, criticism and case studies on architecture, interior and product design for the commercial industry.
The magazine is published in Duluth, Minnesota, United States on a bi-monthly basis by New Moon Girl Media.
Among the media carrying Red Carpet Diary TIFF coverage are Yahoo.com, HollywoodReporter.com, TorontoLife.com, FashionMagazine.com, HelloMagazine.com, theStar.com, Hollyscoop.com, FashionTelevision, CP24, CMT Canada and iTunes.
wrote that WET "is one of the most important and well-designed magazines in U.S. design history."
The magazine was founded in 2000 by Reinaldo Coddou H. and Philipp Köster.
Hjemmet, pronounced "yemmeh" is a Norwegian weekly family magazine published in Oslo, Norway.
The magazine also has a website so that readers can enter competitions, sign up for one of the magazine's campaigns or send in stories online.
The magazine is among the most important journals of the nineteenth-century Romania.
It is published by the Ministerial Association, an official body of the worldwide Adventist church.
Musica e dischi is the oldest music industry publication in Italy.
The magazine is published by Next Media Pty Limited.
According to Conde Nast, it featured "an editorial mix of fashion, home décor, travel, entertainment and health for her and her family."
Since 2015, the magazine is published quarterly.
By December 2005 sales were down to 13,659, and by its last edition they were thought to have fallen to just 7,000.
If we don’t lose a few subscribers each time we release an issue, it means that we were gutless and lazy.”
The Editor-in-Chief of the magazine is John Feister, and the Franciscan editor is Pat McCloskey, O.F.M.
It would eventually achieve a circulation of 215,000 readers.
Kumudam is a Tamil weekly magazine published in Chennai, India.
Rolling Thunder is a biannual "anarchist journal of dangerous living" published by the anarchist collective CrimethInc.
Tähdet ja avaruus is a Finnish science magazine which publishes recent developments, news and interviews in astronomy, space technology, cosmology and amateur astronomy.
Information on rail services in Great Britain was limited to only about 30 pages until 1954 and then omitted entirely until 1970.
Foreign editions of the magazine are still published in the United Kingdom and South Africa.
It is published by the non-profit Dance Research Foundation, Inc.
Roughly a third are written by active-duty personnel, a third by retired military, and a third by civilians.
The magazine follows the adventures of the protagonist Bobo, a nine years old blue rabbit.
Apollo is a widely respected English-language monthly magazine covering visual arts of all periods, from antiquity to the present day.
Porthole Cruise Magazine is a bi-monthly, internationally distributed periodical dedicated to cruise ship travel, holiday cruise destinations, and cruise ship experiences.
Ramachandran served as the editor of the magazine.
Since Issue #3 it has featured a gloss laminated card cover, whereas Issue #1 and #2 covers were on the same paper stock as the contents.
The president of the NWCA chooses the editor-in-chief for the publication.
The East Bay Monthly is the largest circulation magazine in the East Bay area of California.
EHS Today is an award-winning occupational safety and health magazine.
Sections of the magazine included pop culture events, celebrity interviews, news from Israel, sports stories, music, and movies.
The magazine is edited by Ed Pickering.
It was relaunched by King's College London in 1992.
Fitness is a United States-based women's magazine, focusing on health, exercise, and nutrition.
Australia has since maintained a stable liberal democratic political system that functions as a federal parliamentary constitutional monarchy comprising six states and several territories.
After the first two Ottawa-based issues, subsequent Denim Delinquents were published out of Los Angeles by Jymn and Dee Parrett.
The publication focuses on big game hunting in Arizona, California, Colorado, Idaho, Kansas, Montana, Nevada, New Mexico, Oregon, Utah, Washington and Wyoming.
Published quarterly by the NARA, the first issue of Prologue appeared in Spring 1969.
It merged with Scribner's Magazine in 1916.
Using the slogan "Adventures in Fantasy Literature," Black Gate primarily features original short fiction up to novella length.
Following a merger in 1998 with a popular science magazine published by the University of Southern Queensland, the magazine is now published as Australasian Science.
Most of the light novels listed contain a series of volumes, but some single-volume light novels also get listed.
The founder and idelogist of UGP was the author of gothic-related publications, Vitaliy Stranger.
La Scène musicale/The Music Scene is their all-English version of the magazine, while their free monthly magazine is bilingual.
The publication launched its first issue on April 13, 2006.
In 2010 it became fully independent again, relying entirely upon subscriptions.
Some time after 1982 it bought out rival computing magazine Microcomputer Printout and the two magazines merged into one.
As of April 2009, the magazine has a readership of 90,000 across 48 countries.
They also cover Wisconsin's Major League Baseball team, the Milwaukee Brewers.
Production of a contemporary version called Word 4U 2Day began in August 2003.
Each volume draws from locations, natural history, technology, industry, history, biology, geology, astronomy, culture, and exploration/adventure.
At the time of its 1930 cancellation it was the ninth oldest magazine still being issued in the US.
The magazine's success prompted the launching of similarly titled German, Spanish and Italian editions of the magazine.
The publication's focus was politics and business, with some literary content, and editions were often accompanied by cartoons and other illustrations.
The last issue of Leg Show magazine was published in August 2012.
Söndags-Nisse was a Swedish language humor magazine published in Sweden.
Writer Gemma Nemenzo, who wrote for Filipinas, has her own monthly column.
The magazine features stories, poems, riddles, and puzzles.
The magazine also features articles on hunting, fishing, deer stalking, gamekeeping, gundogs and wildlife.
Asahi Geinō frequently has articles related to sex, and participates in campaigns to stem the AIDS epidemic.
The topics the magazine discusses range from celebrities, to fashion, to point-of-view pieces addressing current issues in the African-American community.
Its monthly e-newsletter was sent out to 80,000 recipients.
The current online editor-in-chief is Benjamin Aloi and the print editor-in-chief is Marie Lemieux, who also hold seats on the IRSAM Board of Directors.
Editor Darren Gladstone left the magazine in December 2007 to work for PC World.
Other staff editors included Alexandra Anderson, Manuela Hoelterhoff, Denise Martin, Isolde McNichol, and Carter Wiseman.
Staff changes brought managing editors Colin Gardner and Melodie Bryant.
Brandweek was a weekly American marketing trade publication that was published between 1986 and April 2011.
CRN was first launched as Computer Retail Week on June 7, 1982, as a magazine targeted to computer resellers.
From March 2007 to November 2007, TJOLS was published in partnership with Nielsen Business Media.
Since 2010, it is published in Russian-English too.
Rock Street Journal or RSJ is a monthly magazine covering the rock scene in India and South Asia.
Abstracts of current issues, yearly tables of content and an articles archive can be viewed online.
Famous, often nude or scantily clad, cover stars included Madonna, Louise Nurding, Anna Friel, Kylie Minogue, Mark Wahlberg, Brad Pitt, Nick Kamen and Ewan McGregor.
Valeurs actuelles is a French conservative weekly news magazine published in Paris, France.
Heavy Metal is an American science fiction and fantasy comics magazine, known primarily for its blend of dark fantasy/science fiction and erotica.
The current editor is Trish Halpin, who commenced the position in September 2006.
It also publishes interviews and profiles of artists, writers, musicians, and political figures.
Articles in the magazine are normally written in the Irish language, although a number of articles have also appeared in Scottish Gaelic.
Although not a commercial success, it included several short stories by authors such as Isaac Asimov, Ray Bradbury and Philip K. Dick.
It also feature anecdotes and famous episodes from the club's history.
Queen magazine was a British society publication established by Samuel Beeton in 1861.
The magazine is distinguished by its clean, uncluttered style of layout and photos.
Since 2003 Lesnaya Industriya is printed 10 issues per year with a circulation of 10,000 items.
Bound & Gagged magazine was published by the Outbound Press from 1987 to 2005.
The magazine tracked closely with Page's ideas: the feature articles worried about immigration from non-English speaking countries and the declining birth rate among more educated Americans.
Technologist is a European popular science magazine published by Eurotech Universities since June 2014.
The magazine celebrated its 85th anniversary in May 2013.
The Nash & Cibinic Report is a monthly report providing opinion and advice on current United States government contract issues.
The magazine's content drew heavily from francophone material feminism, and the ideas of French theorists Monique Wittig and Nicole-Claude Mathieu.
The magazine has been published by Akane Shinsha since October 2002.
The magazine's motto is Faith Seeking Understanding.
Kangura was a Kinyarwanda- and French-language magazine in Rwanda that served to stoke ethnic hatred in the run-up to the Rwandan Genocide.
Massis is a Lebanese-Armenian publication published by the Armenian Catholic Patriarchate in Lebanon.
ChemistryViews is a free online service published for chemists and other scientists by ChemPubSoc Europe, an organization of 16 European chemical societies.
Regular contributors to Coilhouse included Ross Rosenberg, David Forbes, Angeliska Polacheck, and Jeffrey Wengrofsky.
The magazine was founded in 2006, and the first issue was published in August 2006.
The Yale Globalist is a quarterly undergraduate magazine of international affairs from Yale University.
It encompasses a mix of celebrity gossip and TV news, real-life stories, and fashion and beauty tips.
A homologue one started in 1982 in Pristina, Kosovo, named Gjuha Shqipe, targeting the same topics.
Wink is a popular South Korean manhwa magazine published by Seoul Media Group.
The magazine finally folded in 1334 BS.
Although similar in name, the magazine itself was never associated with the Ancient Order of Hibernians.
Develop 100 is an annual rating system for game developers produced by Develop.
Norsk Slektshistorisk Tidsskrift is the academic journal for genealogy published in the Norwegian language by the Norwegian Genealogical Society.
It is a member of the City and Regional Magazine Association.
As of the April/May 2008 issue, the magazine is no longer offered in print and the editorial staff was integrated with 1UP.
Destination Magazine is a city guide/lifestyle magazine that is published in Saudi Arabia by Rumman Media and Publishing House.
The Grocer is a British magazine devoted to grocery sales, published by William Reed Business Media.
The magazine was acquired by M. Frank Jones in Kansas City, Missouri in 1965.
Heat is a British entertainment magazine published by German company Bauer Media Group.
The company continued to grow, eventually becoming one of the largest agricultural publishers in the United States.
Death Ray was a British magazine devoted to science fiction and fantasy in all its forms, especially media-related topics and novels.
New Voices is the only American national magazine written for and by Jewish college students.
From then forward, the colloquial Bengali is dominating the Bengali literary scene.
It released its first issue in Summer 2001; it published its 50th edition in spring 2014.
Notable art cover contributors include John Baldessari, Taryn Simon, Dan Graham, Julie Mehretu, Zaha Hadid, Rem Koolhaas, Sue de Beer, and David LaChapelle.
In April 2016, the site announced its partnership with Medium, a San Francisco-based online publishing platform, and continues to publish articles daily.
It focuses on the history and culture of the Czech part of Cieszyn Silesia.
The first issue was published in Istanbul on 24 November 1870. by the satirist Teodor Kasap.
The old Norwegian king Bjørn Farmann or "Bjørn the Tradesman" bore this title.
FT Subscriptions are currently $26 per year.
Stone Canoe is a literary magazine published annually by The YMCA's Downtown Writers Center in Syracuse, New York.
Articles are published on the latest discoveries and topics in meteorology, usually using experts in the respective field to write the article.
ACCESS Magazine reports on research at the University of California Transportation Center and the University of California Center on Economic Competitiveness.
Backpacker is an American publication that features information on wilderness hiking and adventure.
Paesaggio Urbano - Urban Design is a bimonthly magazine focusing on architecture and urban design, founded in 1989, published by Gruppo Maggioli.
Engineering News-Record is an American weekly magazine that provides news, analysis, data and opinion for the construction industry worldwide.
Tom Tom Magazine is a quarterly print magazine and website based out of New York City.
The full title in Russian was Северные цветы, собранные бароном Дельвигом (Northern flowers, collected by baron Delvig.
In 2003, Cabal was acquired by Highbury House.
Tae Kwon Do Times is a widely known publication within the international taekwondo community, appearing in several organizations' websites and individuals' biographies.
The magazine publishes 12 issues annually, available through subscription and on newsstands.
Voetbal International is a Dutch football magazine.
Semya i Shkola was a Russian magazine published in Saint Petersburg in 1871—1888.
Afghan Scene is Kabul's first glossy English magazine launched by MOBY Group in 2004.
During the 1940s, the cover title was displayed as "Metronome" with the subtitle words "BANDS · RECORDS · RADIO".
Paul Allen, a graduate of Brown University, was hired about 1800 as an editor.
Natural Life is a Canadian magazine, founded in 1976 by Rolf Priesnitz.
It is published by Redactive Media Group on behalf of the Chartered Institute of Purchasing & Supply and replaced a magazine called CPO Agenda.
The magazine created the Tropic Hunt, now known as the Herald Hunt.
CA Modern has also featured a "Dear Cherry" advice column by Cherry Capri since 2005.
It divided its magazine and website into Muscle Building, Nutrition and Supplements, Strength Training, Culture and Girls, regularly featuring fitness and glamour models and sex tips.
Max Power was a British magazine, based in Peterborough, which covered the performance-tuning and car market, boy racers
Published between 1959 and 1983, many copies carried the announcements: World's largest sale and Largest sale.
New African is an English-language monthly news magazine based in London.
The magazine was founded in the summer of 1985, during the height of Glam metal's success.
Poetry Ireland Review publishes the work of both emerging and established Irish and international poets.
Article submission to IEEE Spectrum is open access.
It is published monthly and is available free-of-charge to architects via controlled circulation subscriptions.
ERRR-Magazine is a Mexican magazine devoted to art and literature.
Since 2009, Curve has been a media partner of the Red Dot design award.
The magazine featured the same editorial team as G.M.
Since December 2007, an international edition has been distributed with the weekend edition of the International New York Times.
It was owned by gay press publisher Window Media until Window Media closed operations, and ceased publication on November 16, 2009.
Tech is a short section bringing the latest news about various tech products and gadgets, as well as computer configurations recommended for gaming.
It was founded by Enrique Pizzi Galindo and Roberto García.
Who Put The Bomp was a rock music fanzine edited and published by Greg Shaw from 1970 to 1979.
It is now owned by LexisNexis which is part of Reed Elsevier.
He nevertheless retained a view of himself as a communist and launched La Révolution prolétarienne, as a monthly syndicalist-communist magazine.
Contrary Magazine is a quarterly literary journal that publishes commentary, fiction and poetry, and that specializes in work "that combines the virtues of those categories."
Ultra Jump is a Japanese monthly seinen manga magazine published by Shueisha under the Jump line of magazines.
Illustrated Life Rhodesia was a fortnightly picture magazine published in Salisbury, Rhodesia, by the Graham Publishing Company, from at least 1968 to at least 1978.
It was revived as a monthly for a time and ceased production in 1936.
Simbolul also featured illustrations by, among others, Janco and his teacher Iosif Iser.
It is published three times each year, and content is published on its website several times each week.
It is based in New York City.
The magazine has two editions: Detektor Scandinavia, for Scandinavian countries and Detektor International, for the international audience.
The central editor throughout the magazine's life in both Australia and Britain was Richard Neville.
The magazine in its current form was founded in 1975, and its website, Screendaily.com, was added in 2001.
It has won three Utne Independent Press Awards, for Social/Cultural Coverage and Design.
Submarine Telecoms Forum is a media partner with SubOptic, the submarine cable industry's premier conference.
The magazine is increasingly seen to promote liberal, progressive and secular values in the country, keeping line with the ideals of the Bangladesh Liberation War.
TV Quick was a British weekly television listing magazine published by H Bauer Publishing, the UK subsidiary of family-run German company Bauer Media Group.
Printed copies are distributed free of charge throughout the Oakland neighborhood of Pittsburgh, including coffee shops, art galleries, and bookstores.
In 2017 Lego Club Magazine was replaced with a new app called Lego Life.
Guillory was killed in a car-train collision, but Cazedessus continued publishing ERB-dom.
It continued to publish alongside Semper Floreat until the 1950's.
Other editors included D. W. Harding and Harold Andrew Mason.
Desert Magazine was a monthly regional publication based in the Colorado Desert published between 1937 and 1985.
However, a month later the magazine was sold to small press publisher Damnation Books, which resumed publication without a significant hiatus.
Transworld Snowboarding is an American magazine and website focused on the snowboarding culture.
These eventually evolved into static cartoons as the magazine began catering for a younger market.
Basketball Times publishes monthly and mainly focuses on college basketball.
Moottori is the oldest automobile magazine published in Helsinki, Finland.
This is a list of manga magazines by country of publication.
A year-book on architecture and interior design, Decorative Art in Modern Interiors, was published until 1980.
Amazing Heroes was a magazine about the comic book medium published by American company Fantagraphics Books from 1981 to 1992.
Emerald City was a science fiction fanzine published in print and on the internet by Cheryl Morgan.
Elektronikpraxis is the publication branch of Fachverbandes Elektronik-Design e.V..
Later, Asian models from other countries were also included.
Alongside its unusually high-quality print materials, The Hub is known for its emphasis on editorial contributions by international creative figureheads.
It covered business management, finance and leadership.
From the first issue, Computing caught the attention of IT magazine-readers in Pakistan.
Weider also endorsed a sexier approach to editorial while MacIntyre endorsed a healthier look for women, eschewing sexiness in the models and the copy.
Jacksonville Magazine is a monthly magazine published in Jacksonville, Florida.
Some of these included the FM Bugs series of books, The Electronics Notebook series, and model railway projects.
It was founded as the Green Bay Gazette in 1866 as a weekly paper, becoming a daily newspaper in 1871.
Grab It Indie Games Magazine soft-launched with a free sample episode 1, featuring République on the cover.
CQ VHF was a magazine that served the ham radio operators whose operational and technical interests lie above 50 MHz.
Tommy Tam is currently the VP of Marketing at Dream Tube Entertainment.
That issue was edited and published by VQR in alliance with Etiqueta Negra.
Charles Jared Ingersoll, a non-practicing lawyer, was also a contributor and patron.
In 1992, Hearst Magazines announced that it would merge the monthly into Town and Country.
Its editor was David Bradley, and its publisher was James Binns.
In addition, numerous stories published in Black Static/The 3rd Alternative have been reprinted in collections of the year's best fiction.
Australasian Science also boasts a broad team of columnists covering astronomy, politics, biodiversity, ethics, scepticism, careers, new books and media coverage.
Helena Lang edited the magazine between 2006 and 2009.
Ajax Magazine is a Dutch bimonthly sports magazine published in Amsterdam, focusing on the association football club AFC Ajax with 8 issues appearing per season.
After the coup Ant's editors, Doğan Özgüden and Inci Tugsavul, fled to Europe, and founded the Info-Türk group.
Feature articles cover a wide range of topics from a freethinking perspective.
Tufts Magazine is circulated only to alumni.
The magazine celebrated its 30th anniversary in 2012.
Motorcycle Mechanics was a British monthly magazine founded in 1959 under Mercury House Publications.
That led to a job as gopher, secretary and first reader.
The purpose of The Cover is to provide participants in the covered bond market with a club publication of their own.
Its creation was mentioned in the yearly children's issue of The Crisis in October 1919.
A spinoff, Brides Local magazines, began publishing in 2006; these local companion magazines were published and sold in 16 regional areas of the United States.
The editor was the wife of Dr. Hosseyn Khan and the daughter of Yaqub Jadid al-Eslam Hamadani.
They are accompanied by color photography and a lengthy event listing.
Indian Talent Magazine is an online talent magazine, published monthly from India.
Its name literally means "nineteen twenty", and it is targeted at teens and young adults.
It became the most influential periodical in the Hindi literature during the first two decades of the 20th century.
Meanwhile, regular music interviews feature J-pop and K-pop acts, as well as mainstream acts and big-name film, TV and videogame composers.
The first issue, April 2008, appeared on Irish shelves on 6 March 2008 and featured Michael Stipe of R.E.M.
Severny Vestnik was an influential Russian literary magazine founded in Saint Petersburg in 1885 by Anna Yevreinova, who stayed with it until 1889.
CQ VHF was published by CQ Communications, publishers of CQ Amateur Radio magazine, WorldRadio magazine, and Popular Communications magazine.
Model Rail is a British railway magazine focusing on rail transport modelling.
The Listener should be a milestone in the advance of British Broadcasting."
Since its launch, the Tank group has expanded to include Tank Form, tank.tv, TankBooks and Because magazine.
Six issues per year were published until July 1992, when regular publication ended.
Each issue provides a summary of the previous week's market activity as well as news reports and an informative outlook on the week to come.
The magazine updates online daily and produces a print edition every other Thursday.
The magazine is jointly published by the National University of Singapore and World Scientific.
XXL is an American hip hop magazine, published by Townsquare Media, founded in 1997.
It was published between 1979 and 2009.
Relish is an American cooking, food, and lifestyle magazine, website, and cooking show founded in 2006.
The title is quoted frequently by other Polish media.
Quarterly Review of Wines, abbreviated QRW, is a U.S. quarterly publication with an emphasis on wine, food and travel.
It was a large format publication, with color covers on card stock and black & white interiors.
The newsletter was edited by a committee, but the chief editors were Eugen Menger and Detlev Blanke.
Somewhat more adult and risque than Mad, Help!
Meccano Magazine was an English monthly hobby magazine published by Meccano Ltd between 1916 and 1963, and by other publishers between 1963 and 1981.
Samakalika Malayalam Vaarika is one of the major weekly cultural magazines in the Malayalam language.
The Threepenny Review is an American literary magazine founded in 1980.
Founded in 2005, the magazine features interviews and articles on music, art, film, comedy and other aspects of culture.
In August 2015 Blood-Horse Daily was launched, the content is available on an app, by email subscription or downloadable from the website
It was edited by the major symbolist writer Valery Bryusov.
Publishers Weekly is an American weekly trade news magazine targeted at publishers, librarians, booksellers and literary agents.
They are typically produced by consulting previously published press accounts and occasionally by conducting interviews with the subjects.
It is considered as one of the most widely observed university measures together with Academic Ranking of World Universities and QS World University Rankings.
The "+Btw" section is subtitled "Opinions, Context, Ideas & Letters."
Azerbaijan International is a magazine that discusses issues related to Azerbaijanis around the world.
It has been owned by Kalmbach Publishing since 2010.
NetGuide is a live news website with weekly email newsletters dedicated to New Zealand consumers, covering technology news, product reviews and buying advice.
Greatest Uncommon Denominator Magazine is an American literary magazine, the first publication from Greatest Uncommon Denominator Publishing, founded in Laconia, New Hampshire in July 2006.
Labor Notes is a non-profit organization and network for rank-and-file union members and grassroots labor activists.
Contributors included Harlan Ellison, Ed Naha, Boris Vallejo, and many more.
The last 7 issues,, were published by Mythos Books.
The magazine's technical and feature articles showcased aftermarket and modified production parts and services, reviews, product announcements, news, and tuning tips.
Look is a glossy high street fashion and celebrity weekly magazine for young women.
The current editors are Leo Dunsker and Will Fleming.
The magazine includes local, national and world news, an extensive opinion section, arts and entertainment, a bar guide and classifieds.
McGuire, intended Outdoor Life to be a magazine for sportsmen, written by sportsmen, covering all aspects of the outdoor arena.
Noize has been quoted and referenced in mainstream publications such as Out, The New York Times, Genre, and the Chicago Tribune.
As from 2013, the magazines are also available in digital format exclusively on the Paul Raymond digital newsstand.
Monthly Shōnen Sunday, alternately known as Get the Sun, is a monthly shōnen manga magazine published in Japan by Shogakukan since 12 May 2009.
Flacăra is a weekly literary magazine published in Bucharest, Romania.
It is published every four weeks by Bauer.
The Brussels Times Magazine targets the Expat, International and Diplomatic community in Brussels.
Published by Fiction House, it ran 47 issues cover-dated June 1928 to May 1932, followed by a four-year hiatus.
Jazz Journal is Britain's longest enduring jazz magazine.
Its publication marked the start of a trend — a growing interest in traditional boats and boat building techniques and the development thereof.
for Mrs. is a Josei magazine aimed at housewives.
The magazine's competitors are Ribon and Nakayoshi.
LoftLife is an American magazine devoted to urban shelter and design.
The magazine is published under ISSN 0026-7341.
Williams planned the 2003 revamp of Femme Fatales as a version of the men's magazine Maxim focusing on actresses in science fiction and horror films.
In 1978 it changed its name to the Midnight Globe after its publisher, Globe Communications, and eventually changed its name to Globe.
The French quarterly culture and fashion magazine Standard is published in Paris since 2004.
Az-Zuhūr was the first journal to publish in its series a play of Shakespeare, Julius Caesar.
Notable contributors included Cartier-Bresson, Man Ray, Brassaï, and André Kertész.
Aimed at men aged 25 to 44, it is Australia's highest selling magazine aimed at men.
The magazine is published in English and has a worldwide subscription base.
Time Out's global market presence includes partnerships with Nokia and mobile apps for iOS and Android operating systems.
The Develop Industry Excellence Awards, also yearly, honour the development of video games and award studios across a range of categories.
The current editor of the magazine is Shayan S Khan.
26/12 in January 2014, Birding World magazine ceased publication.
La'Isha is an Israeli magazine for girls and boys.
The first Editor-In-Chief, and principal architect of the magazine, was Uinseann MacEoin.
Shōnen Rival was a replacement of the Comic BonBon, which ended in December 2007 due to decline in interest.
The contributors were mostly shōnen and seinen manga authors.
Its current editor stated that, “Vogue’s power is universally acknowledged.
Having been continuously produced for 60 years, it is one of the oldest American magazines for kids.
Ontario Out of Doors is a Canadian magazine focusing on recreational hunting, fishing and the outdoors in the province of Ontario.
White hired Edgar Allan Poe in 1835 as a staff writer and critic.
Bristol Live Magazine is a print magazine offering interviews, reviews, and live music listings for the city of Bristol.
Wings is a bimonthly Canadian magazine that focuses on stories related to business and commercial aviation.
Zhurnal Dlya Vsekh was closed by the Russian authorities in autumn 1906, after it published several reports on the industrial unrest throughout Russia.
QEX began in December, 1981 as a magazine carrying the subtitle "ARRL Experimenter's Exchange".
Family Tree Magazine is a publication about genealogy and family history published by F+W Media in Cincinnati, Ohio.
It was renamed Out West in January 1902.
Ribon Comic, a monthly magazine which was a sister magazine of Ribon, changed its title to Bouquet in 1978.
Their movement was directed against – among others – large landowners as well as the exertion of influence coming from the British and Tsarist Russia.
The first collective had 7 issues, while the second collective had a total of 15 issues.
However, its circulation was limited to subscribers and was not widely available in newsstands for the first ten years of its existence.
Hemmings currently has 100 employees at its Bennington, Vermont headquarters.
It was founded in 1982 by Hilton Kramer, former art critic for The New York Times, and Samuel Lipman, a pianist and music critic.
Another significant contributor was Lewis's friend and fellow Oxford 'Inkling' Charles Williams, who contributed regularly from 1937 until his death in 1945.
The singles and albums chart featured in the magazine were featured as the Canadian lists in the Hits of the World section in Billboard.
The site covers North Carolina football, men's basketball, baseball and recruiting.
Simpsons Illustrated was published between 1991 and 1993 and led to the establishment of the Bongo Comics Group.
It has been featured in Adobe's advertising for its CS2 line of products.
The magazine featured articles and photo features covering military aviation from World War I to the modern era, focusing heavily on American aircraft.
The stories and poetry therefore follow the pattern of "how would humans react?"
The magazine went through various designs and staff through its lifetime.
It remained in publication from 1935 to 1961.
Personal Computer World was the first British computer magazine.
During the interwar period, it also made a significant impact in Bessarabia.
Software Testing, Verification & Reliability is a peer-reviewed scientific journal in the field of software testing, verification, and reliability published by John Wiley & Sons.
Putsj is a magazine affiliated with the Norwegian environmental organisation Natur og Ungdom.
The magazine was known for containing strong political Americanism combined with art and literature.
The study of animals is called zoology.
Staff includes Editor-in-Chief Jackie Martin and Managing Editor Kim Conley.
The publisher of the magazine was Alexandra Davydova, mother-in-law of Alexander Kuprin.
Tsubomi was a Japanese yuri manga magazine published by Houbunsha.
The monthly art publication e-flux journal features essays and contributions by contemporary artists and thinkers.
As the first general-interest legal magazine, Legal Affairs featured stories that centered on the intersection of law and everyday life.
The Escapist, a travel-minded annual magazine, was introduced in July 2015 and focuses on in-depth reportage of 10 cities around the world.
It contained video and sound files, as well as text.
Shortly after publishing issue 130 in 2010 Carol Mulholland suffered a serious illness and the magazine ceased publication.
For the next three months until the raid, branches were opened throughout Taiwan.
La Voce was an Italian literary magazine which was published in Florence between 1908 and 1916.
The magazine's website also produces regular online-only commentaries and news articles.
Like most gay men's general-interest magazines, G-men includes editorial and photographic material, as well as prose stories and manga.
Twelve issues are published annually, and IEEE Spectrum has a circulation of over 380,000 engineers worldwide, making it one of the leading science and engineering magazines.
Content includes concert and recital announcements, information on building and maintaining organs and profiles of notable organists.
The Academy of Sciences of Albania, founded in 1972, is the most important scientific institution in Albania.
Marg is a quarterly Indian art magazine and a publisher of books on the arts, based in Mumbai.
Panzer Digest is a wargaming periodical published by Minden Games.
ARABICA was a nationally distributed life-style, cultural and current affairs magazine for Arab-Americans and those interested in the news and views of the Arab-American community.
The Popular Magazine touted itself as "a magazine for men and women who like to read about men."
The magazine is one of the oldest and most read publications in the country.
Its main target is elementary school aged boys, younger than the readers of shōnen manga.
Paid circulation in 2008 was 9,000 and total circulation was 9,500.
It lasted as a title in its own right for nearly 150 years and is still extant as part of the magazine Horticulture Week.
Radio Ink is a radio broadcasting industry trade magazine owned by Streamline Publishing.
In the December 1999 issue of World Soccer, a readers' poll listing the 100 greatest football players of the 20th century was published.
Khimiya i Zhizn – XXI Vek is a Russian popular scientific monthly magazine, known as simply Khimiya i Zhizn during Soviet times.
Controlled Environments Magazine also publishes a printed Buyer's Guide annually.
During the early 1980s, the magazine reached peak distribution around 140-150 thousand copies per issue.
Along with in-depth features on musicians and artists, each issue also covers social and political topics and has several pages devoted to album reviews.
Portland Magazine, also known as Portland Monthly since its inception, is an award-winning monthly magazine based in Maine.
It was unsuccessfully sued by Harpers and Queen who objected to the name and didn't get the joke.
Sega Zone was a Sega orientated publication from Dennis Publishing in the early 1990s.
The first issue was published on 1 October 1980 by Kadokawa Shoten.
Gramophone is a magazine published monthly in London devoted to classical music, particularly to reviews of recordings.
Award winners are featured in the magazine, online, and are introduced at The Root Awards gala event.
Arena was a British monthly men's magazine.
It is the longest-established European guitar magazine, and is currently the biggest selling guitar magazine in the UK.
PC Plus was a computer magazine published monthly from 1986  until September 2012 in the UK by Future plc.
In late 2013 White Fungus signed a worldwide distribution deal with WhiteCirc in London.
The Africa Report is an English-language monthly magazine that focuses on African politics and economics.
The Negro Digest, later renamed Black World, was a popular African-American magazine founded in November 1942 by John H. Johnson.
The magazine was started as a print publication in 2002.
It grew increasingly conservative after Nicholas I's accession to the throne, losing a liberal-minded readership to Sovremennik and Otechestvennye Zapiski.
On May 29, 2009, Open Chats debuted--short, 5-minute interviews with OS contributors.
Texan Media LLC acquired Horns Illustrated in June 2011.
After the assassination of ad-Din Shah in 1896, the Ottoman government permanently banned the journal.
This shows the best modifications and specs of this hopefully future cover cars.
The magazine was freely delivered throughout the Muskoka region and in the greater Toronto area.
Regular topics include ideas for saving, investing, and spending, as well as coverage of technology, automotive, and lifestyle subjects including travel, fashion, wine, music, and food.
The Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue is published annually by American Sports Illustrated magazine.
Editors and reporters work as an independent team to provide good articles and information for readers.
FACTS was a weekly news magazine from Switzerland owned by Tamedia.
The magazine was long targeted by hostile forces concerned about social "purity".
The Asia Literary Review is a quarterly literary journal published in English and in translation online and in print, and distributed internationally.
Subtitled, The Creative Music Recording Magazine, Tape Op is independently published and was founded by Larry Crane in 1996.
It was Australia's official Nintendo magazine, and was very critical to poorly made video game software, with scores for such games often in the low thirties.
The ownership changed hands in May 1904, when the first editor, Rudolph Birnbaum, was replaced by Frank M Boyd.
Disney Magazine was an official Disney magazine that was published quarterly from December 1965 to April 2005.
With Lady Rhondda's death in 1958, it passed to the control of Rev Timothy Beaumont and editor John Thompson in March 1960.
Capital Cities Communications purchased the magazine in 1984.
Amazing switched to a digest size format in 1953, shortly before the end of the pulp-magazine era.
Many series in this anthology magazine are romance-oriented and some are well known for featuring frank depiction of sexual situations.
Hänt Extra is a Swedish language weekly celebrity and youth magazine published by Aller Media in Stockholm, Sweden.
The Strad is a UK-based monthly classical music magazine about string instruments, including cellists, violinists, and violists for amateur and professional musicians.
Interview is an American magazine founded in late 1969 by artist Andy Warhol and British journalist John Wilcock.
The magazine is published bimonthly in the United States with both newsstand and subscription distribution.
But Musician never gained a wide following, although it had a devoted base of fans.
.týždeň is a conservative weekly Slovak news magazine that appears in Bratislava, Slovakia.
in-Training is edited and managed entirely by an independent editorial board of over 40 volunteer, unpaid medical students.
Isaac Kashdan was the editor for the first year, with Al Horowitz and Fred Reinfeld as associate editors.
Inpress also frequently published 'special features', such as their yearly Melbourne International Comedy Festival guide.
If was merged into Galaxy Science Fiction after the December 1974 issue, its 175th issue overall.
While the content is subject to peer review, the articles published are often summaries of research that may also be published elsewhere.
Kollektsioner or formerly Sovetskii Kollektsioner is a Russian central philatelic yearbook.
The magazine regularly featured a literate section on English grammar and word usage, and would recommend carefully selected good books.
SchoolArts is a peer-reviewed professional magazine of art education, written by and for art teachers.
Reports on visiting watch manufacturers as well as background information about watch companies are also part of the editorial topics.
In the spirit of idea of integral Yugoslavism involved authors sought to prepare the ground for future Yugoslav literature.
It is a member of the City and Regional Magazine Association.
magazine is distributed in international outlets, which include the United States, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Singapore, United Kingdom, Australia, Macau, and New Zealand.
WoodenBoat celebrates both the old and the new.
Spy was a satirical monthly magazine published from 1986 to 1998.
Dave Keating is currently editing the magazine.
JJ Bis is a version of JJ magazine for older teens.
The Chicago Reporter is a monthly periodical based in Chicago, Illinois, USA.
Kontakto is an Esperanto magazine published by TEJO and supported by the Universal Esperanto Association.
Much of its readership then transferred to Diapason, increasing the circulation there.
A new issue is released approximately every month.
Monthly Shōnen Ace is a monthly shōnen manga magazine in Japan published by Kadokawa Shoten, started in 1994.
Founded as an activist blog in 2010, the project has since expanded into an online magazine and quarterly print journal.
The journal served liberal-minded readers, known as the intelligentsia.
The magazine is renowned for its in-depth journalism, high-quality photography and extensive range of subject matter.
The magazine covers all periods and geographical regions and publishes articles of traditional narrative history alongside new research and historiography.
The editor of the magazine faced arrest and prosecution.
The city serves as a major transport hub of the Northwest of Russia.
The Irish Homestead was the weekly publication of the Irish Agricultural Organisation Society.
The Century's current publisher is Peter W. Marty, while David Heim is its executive editor.
The first issue was published in December 2012.
Princess is a shōjo manga magazine published monthly on the 6th in Japan by Akita Shoten.
Highlights for Children, often referred to simply as Highlights, is an American children's magazine.
RAM published its last edition in July 1989 after running for over 14 years.
It is the oldest and longest-running baseball magazine in the United States.
Null Hypothesis: The Journal of Unlikely Science is an online satirical science website, which casts a wry eye over the world of science and technology.
Microbe is the monthly news magazine of the American Society for Microbiology that is published in print and online.
Science Digest was a monthly American magazine published by the Hearst Corporation from 1937 through 1986.
The magazine has the same publisher as its sister magazine In Touch Weekly, a similar weekly gossip magazine that is geared more towards celebrity news.
Condé Nast Traveler is produced at Condé Nast's U.S. headquarters at One World Trade Center, New York, NY.
Model Railroader covers a variety of scales and modeling techniques for engines, rolling stock, right-of-way, structures, and scenery.
Osaka Puck was a bimonthly Japanese manga magazine published in Osaka from November 1906 to March 1950.
It covers the Netherlands and its inhabitants and Dutch settlements abroad, especially in North America.
Issued monthly, it was first published in September 1933, and discontinued 18 issues later in February 1935.
Q is a popular music magazine published monthly in the United Kingdom.
Oleksiy Bessarabov, the deputy chief editor of the magazine, was detained in 2014.
Over 2000 writers and artists were featured in the issues.
The magazine was headquartered in Newark, New Jersey.
Running Fitness is a globally circulated monthly magazine for recreational runners, published by Kelsey Publishing in Peterborough, in the United Kingdom.
CAT is an international simulation and training publication produced bi-monthly in the UK by Halldale Media.
Air Transport World is an online and print trade publication covering the global air transportation industry.
The first issue was released on June 27, 2006.
The Architects' Journal is a weekly architectural magazine published in London by Metropolis.
Le Figaro Magazine is a French language weekly news magazine published in Paris, France.
Founded as a direct mail business, Wine Enthusiast has printed over 300 million catalogs.
Evergreen Review is a U.S.-based literary magazine directed by editor-in-chief Dale Peck.
OOR is the oldest currently published music magazine in the Netherlands.
MH-18, published by Rodale Press, was a magazine covering teen lifestyle.
Not all magazines abroad published their own manga or had the rights to serialize manga originally published in Japan.
The Week is a weekly British news magazine founded in 1995 which has also published a US edition since 2001.
Croce acted as the publication's first editor.
AirplayAccess.com, is a secure digital music delivery system that allows artists and record labels to get their music to radio programmers worldwide.
The magazine was started as a quarterly publication in August 2000.
It is published by Pioneer Book Company Private Limited.
Cambio is a Colombian based social, political and economics magazine.
His mother died when he was nine, a crushing blow, and he was sent to a series of boarding schools where he was frequently bullied.
Kentucky Monthly is a general interest regional magazine about the U.S. state of Kentucky and Kentuckians.
The editor-in-chief of the magazine is John H. Lee who also publishes it with Jiae Kim.
Matthew Donald ChalmersMatthew Chalmers has been the editor since no.
A new hybrid magazine format was supposed to be launched by RES in 2007, and was intended to be published in several media.
In 2003, it was relaunched as Hemmings Muscle Machines, with muscle cars as its sole focus.
Its letters column, "Dear Joe", like Drum's "Speak up Man", encouraged interaction from readers.
There is also Men's Egg Bitter magazine, aimed at Gyaruo aged 23 and above.
Gangan is a manga imprint of Square Enix Holdings.
The magazine has won 25 editorial awards since 2005, including five from Folio: and 14 from the American Society of Business Publication Editors.
All About Beer is the oldest American publication for beer consumers.
Oxford Poetry is a literary magazine based in Oxford, England.
The magazine was perceived by Party authorities as excessively "russophilic."
They are often described as liberal Adventism by other Adventists, the term "progressive" is generally preferred as a self-description.
Currently, the company is based in New York.
The magazine was established by Webb Publishing Company, which was founded by Fargo, North Dakota newspaperman Edward A. Webb.
Monthly Sunday Gene-X, often abbreviated as Sunday GX, is a Seinen manga magazine published by Shogakukan.
It deals with folk, traditional and world music.
The style of reporting is often humorous and aimed at a young audience.
Specifically, the site publishes television and movie reviews, as well as interviews with celebrities and editorials.
The Horn Book Magazine, founded in Boston in 1924, is a bimonthly periodical about literature for children and young adults.
Phrack "has had its finger on the pulse of hacker culture", and is considered both a handbook and a manifesto for hackers.
Sintaksis was a samizdat poetry journal compiled by writer Alexander Ginzburg in 1959-1960.
Its offices were based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
PTJ deals exclusively with passenger rail, not freight.
It has been in distribution since 1927.
The magazine's role in the history of photojournalism is considered its most important contribution to publishing.
Since then, the magazine has published detailed travel maps of Namibia and the Kruger National Park.
Logan is an American magazine for young people with disabilities.
In this context, the magazine was founded by two undergraduates at the Cambridge University Engineering Department, Richard Davies and Andrew Bud.
It was published by Hakubunkan beginning in 1906 and was initially edited by renowned children’s author Sueo Iwaya, better known by the pen name Sazanami Iwaya.
The Teenage Survival Handbook has been endorsed by RCMP Foundation since 1999 and was formerly illustrated by Ben Wicks from 1996 - 2000.
Upon its launch the magazine was edited by Susan Vasquez, now editor of O'Doherty's Stellar.
The print and online editions of Coilhouse ended publication in 2012.
Popular Astronomy was a magazine for amateur astronomers published between 1893 and 1951.
The motto of Forbes magazine is "The Capitalist Tool".
It was co-founded in fall of 2012 by Benjamin Breen, Felipe Cruz, Christopher Heaney, and Brian Jones.
The magazine itself continues to be published in the UK, US and Australia.
The Classic features wine tasting, cooking demonstrations, featured speakers, as well as a cooking competition.
zing is now printed in color and has reached about 400 pages.
It was founded March 1935 in Paris.
The magazine has featured columns by Mario Spinetti, Mia Michaels, Robert Battle, Debbie Allen, Alisan Porter, Rasta Thomas, and Frank Conway.
This early edition was also notable for being printed in romanised Taiwanese using the Pe̍h-ōe-jī orthography.
Previously published by John Brown Publishing and then I Feel Good Publishing, it is now published by Dennis Publishing Ltd.
Although Army Man was never widely distributed, it gathered a lot of attention in the comedy world.
In 2001, Stanley Lim came in as the new publisher of the magazine.
It reviews products including ready-to-run models as well as kits, tools and supplies.
Petersen Publishing took over with the January 1975, issue.
As of December 2006, Computing's circulation was verified by BPA Worldwide as 115,431.
The magazine was headquartered in Helsinki, Finland.
Wascana Review was a biannual literary magazine, established in 1966, published by the University of Regina.
Diseased Pariah News was a zine published "by, for and about" people with HIV and AIDS in the 1990s.
Best Motoring was Japan's preeminent automobile magazine, video, and DVD series.
Men's World also has a digital identity on the official Paul Raymond site, where the hardcore imagery not found in the print version is also shown.
The name of the magazine was later changed to Athletic World as the coverage extended to a broader range of sports, including women's swimming.
Canadian Home Workshop had been Canada’s authority on home improvement and woodworking for the last 33 years.
It also has its own awards in each edition: Excellentia and Supersonic Award has existed since 1995.
Pariscope is a popular weekly magazine available at Parisian newsstands and is published by Hachette Filipacchi Médias.
The name Savacou also appears as a publishing imprint.
JED was established in 1978 and is published by the Association of Old Crows, an international aerospace and electronic warfare association based in the United States.
Military History Monthly is a monthly military history magazine, published by Current Publishing.
Above Live promotes and creates Take Action campaigns around environmental issues.
Google hosts and develops a number of Internet-based services and products, and generates profit primarily from advertising through its AdWords program.
PC Chip is a monthly Croatian computer magazine.
The digest is edited by Gary Graber.
Since 2015, following a steep decline in sales, the magazine cut back on its print distribution in favor of online content, which has grown significantly.
The Maud Powell Signature, Women in Music, also known as Signature, is an American online music periodical.
Teen was an American teen lifestyle magazine for preteen and early teenage girls, ages 10 to 15.
The magazine was established to provide in-depth information on developments within the North Sea oil and gas industry.
According to the letter sent to its subscribers, "circumstances and resources no longer enable [the magazine] to continue publication."
It was an extension of Buchanan's Hoosier Archives which have been archived in the popular culture section of the Bowling Green State University by Jamie McQuinn.
Above magazine started as a biannual publication dedicated to sustainability and environmental protection.
Tommy Tam was in charge of operations, Tin Yen was the graphic designer/art director, and Amy Tu oversaw the financial aspects of the magazine.
The magazine was launched in June 2003.
It is edited and published by Eric M. Armstrong, member of the Online Film Critics Society.
The Picture is an Australian men's mag published by Bauer Media Group.
craft&design is a magazine about crafts in the UK.
The Week is an Indian newsmagazine published by The Malayala Manorama Co. Ltd.
7ball is a discontinued Christian music magazine, first published in 1995, founded and created by Frank Chimento.
Along with the comics, the content includes fables, rhymes, literally classics and various puzzles.
With this radical focus on only one feature the editorial design adapts to the theme of the interview, the only constant being an unconventional DIN A5-Format.
The International Socialist Review was a monthly magazine published in Chicago, Illinois by Charles H. Kerr & Co. from 1900 until 1918.
^ Al Kang won 2003 Ben Wicks Award
Dag Allemaal is a Flemish weekly family and women's magazine published in Schelle, Belgium.
Lo Scolaro was a weekly magazine dedicated to school children and published from 1912 to 1972.
The CD contains complete commercial software products and commercial software trials.
1997 Best American Gay Fiction Prize Anthology: Kolin Ohi's "A Backward Glance"
It also has a dedicated online section called PWM Asia which focuses on the latest developments in the Asian wealth management industry.
An anthology of the magazine's best collected works, Tipping the Sacred Cow: The Best of LiP: Informed Revolt was published by AK Press in 2008.
The Capilano Review is a Canadian tri-annual literary magazine located and published in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
Mathrubhumi Azhchappathippu is an Indian general interest weekly magazine published by the Mathrubumi Printing and Publishing Company in Kozhikode.
Another well-known list by the magazine is The World's Billionaires list.
Permafrost is the farthest north literary journal in the United States.
An electronic newsletter featuring unique editorial, MD Wire, is also published monthly.
It was purchased by Time Inc. in 1991.
Those special editions were specifically about a certain selected band.
The magazine is sold in more than 20 countries, and a separate handbook has been released, chronicling the history of hip hop.
In 1924 publication as The Scots Magazine resumed, this time by the St Andrew's Society.
Esquire called it "the premier literary-intellectual magazine in the English language."
Dublin Opinion was an Irish satirical magazine, published monthly from 1922 to 1968.
The magazine was started in the winter of 2010.
More than an editor, she is an editor-artist."
Shermer remains the Publisher and Editor-in-Chief of the magazine and the magazine’s Co-publisher and Art Director is Pat Linse.
The medium is supported by educational institutions in Germany.
In December 2016, LaTavia Roberson engaged in a feud with People after alleging they misquoted and misrepresented her interview online.
Between September 1996 and February 2007, the magazine was known as MacAddict.
The magazine is an important brand-building tool, not just of AQAP, but of all al-Qaeda branches, franchises and affiliates.
Editions covered curriculum themes in the younger grade levels and news-based, current events and curriculum themed-issues in older grade levels.
It was created in 1971 by the publisher of sister magazine Women's Wear Daily, James Brady.
In addition to various series from Weekly Shōnen Jump, the magazine serialized some original German manga-influenced comics, including Crewman 3.
New museums and exhibitions are peer-reviewed in Museums Journal, and website users can log in to add their own comments.
The publication went all-digital after the July/August 2013 issue, and last updated its website on April 29, 2014.
The Fountain is located in New Jersey with offices in Istanbul, Moscow, Cairo, Sydney and Kuala Lumpur.
It debuted in August 1991 when FuncoLand started publishing a six-page magazine.
In 2009, its paid and verified circulation was 408,622, with 95.8% of that coming from subscriptions.
The magazine is sold monthly on the ninth.
All three versions have fewer and briefer articles and a lower page count.
The magazine focused on Los Angeles and Las Vegas, with features on San Diego, and other Southern California related cities.
MotorMag is a Mauritius car magazine, published monthly, and concentrating on cars and motorcycles testdrives.
Jazz was, as Willis Conover liked to say, "the music of freedom;" and to those who had no freedom, it became a metaphor of hope.
Pinups is a triannual artists' publication in the United States playing on the historical centerfold practice of nudie magazines by making the centerfold the sole feature.
Maxim Digital reaches more than 4 million unique viewers each month.
Texas has the second-largest state highway system next to North Carolina's state highway system.
As of 2012, most of the magazine’s regular contributors live on the West Coast.
Its layout and design helped to catalyze the graphic styles later known as New Wave and Postmodern.
It was subtitled in French le magazine des gays et lesbiennes until 2007, and reaffirmed itself as a men's magazine since then.
The magazine was published by Rangeela B.V. between 1990 and 2000.
Eulenspiegel – Das Satiremagazin is a German humor and satirical magazine.
The publishing company also created workbooks, literacy centers, and picture books for younger grades.
For the interwar newspaper in the Second Polish Republic, see Gazeta Polska.
All 61 issues were produced by Future plc.
With the March-April 2017 issue its print edition folded and it became an only-online magazine.
The seat of the publishing company is in Berlin.
began as a monthly online magazine about motorcycling in the Pacific Northwest.
Contemporary Review was a Chinese literary weekly magazine founded in 1924 and ceased December 1928.
NIN is a weekly newsmagazine published in Belgrade, Serbia.
Inside Soap is a weekly UK magazine, released every Tuesday.
The magazine published humor columnist Dave Barry's, Gene Weingarten, Carl Hiaasen, Paul Levine, Madeleine Blais, Joel Achenbach, Bill Cosford, Tom Shroder among others.
The current editor is Jennifer O'Neill; a former Times columnist and Sunderland Women footballer, who also works as a television pundit on Eurosport's women's football coverage.
There are both print and online versions in the Boston, Chicago, Delaware Valley, Puget Sound, San Francisco/Oakland/San Jose, Twin Cities, and Washington, D.C., areas.
The magazine published Kurozakuro, Robot Boys, My Wing, Midori's Days, etc.
From 2000 to 2003, they published the muscle car and hotrod magazine Hemmings Rods and Performance.
The first issue was released on 24 January 2008.
The Kims retired from their involvement in the magazine in 2005.
In 1949, Présence Africaine expanded to include a publishing house and a bookstore on the rue des Écoles in the Latin Quarter of Paris.
Brew Your Own's sister publication is WineMaker magazine.
Under faculty supervision, students work in small groups to produce the reports after visiting companies and interviewing top management.
Intersec, the Journal of International Security is a specialised international magazine founded in 1991.
The magazine is published 13 times per year.
Regretfully, the Department withdrew its logistical support.
It is named after the word liahona from the Book of Mormon.
Subgenres include "Cross-genre, Experimental, Feminist, Flash Fiction, Graphic/Illustrated, Humor, LGBT, Literary Fiction, Micro-poetry, Narrative Nonfiction, Pop Culture, Prose Poetry, Translation."
Mir Bozhiy was a Russian monthly magazine published in Saint Petersburg in 1892-1906.
It also resulted in many youth-oriented French publications being launched including Âge Tendre, Bonjour les amis, Best, Extra and Nous les garçons et les filles.
The magazine is headquartered in Shrewsbury, New Jersey.
GQ was the second magazine released in India, after Vogue India, that is 100% foreign owned.
It is currently owned by David and Frederick Barclay who also own The Daily Telegraph newspaper, via Press Holdings.
From 1981 to 2014 Michael Krüger was the sole publisher.
Published continuously since 1872, it has carried the tagline, “The International News Magazine of Book Publishing and Bookselling".
Both editions were written primarily by Wyndham Lewis.
Several examples of Missbehave cover stars were:
The founder and editor at large of Acne Paper is Jonny Johansson.
QRW contributors include Michael Broadbent MW, David Peppercorn MW, Serena Sutcliffe MW.
The current editor of the magazine is Sumita Dasgupta.
The magazine's website is BraveWords.com, whose main focus is up-to-the-minute metal news.
Regularly featured bands include Miyavi, Mucc, Nightmare, The Gazette, Kra, Sid, Kagrra, Alice Nine, An Cafe and LM.C.
The Irish Voice is a newspaper published in New York City, New York.
The founders of the publication announced its creation, website, and forthcoming debut manifesto in September 2009.
Emunah is a monthly Jewish magazine published in Brooklyn, New York.
It celebrated its 60th birthday in October 2016.
DW is considered the flagship zine of the Diplomacy hobby.
The collection also includes men's accessories with a similar modern attitude.
Articles were primarily written in a self-help.
It is the first Malayalam comic magazine to syndicate Disney Comics.
In 1946, photographer Ansel Adams started to contribute prints for the magazine.
POOSHESH is an UK registered trademark  for fashion magazine and fashion eTail that focuses on fashion, beauty and health.
During its first years Quo had editions in the Czech Republic, Portugal and France aside from the Mexican version.
The magazine is famous for including 'doku-moderu' where the readers of Popteen are able to become models in the magazine.
Notable authors whose work has appeared in previous editions include Michael Morpurgo, Helen Dunmore, and Philip Hensher.
The format of the magazine consists of feature articles based on a selected theme and daily meditations based on Roman Catholic Lectionary readings.
The final iOS version of Pulse: The Game was released in March 2010 after being completed by Dutch game developer Rough Cookie.
However, Koren had the imagination and audacity to create his own world, and that’s exactly what he did with Wet: The Magazine of Gourmet Bathing."
The magazine is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc., a media publishing company which also owns Tribune Star.
T magazine does not currently have an editor-in-chief.
Wonder Woman was created by the American psychologist and writer William Moulton Marston, and artist Harry G. Peter.
Inside GNSS is an international controlled circulation trade magazine owned by Gibbons Media and Research LLC.
It is headquartered in New York City.
Founded by Simon Grant and Bice Curiger, Tate Etc.
The Malahat Review publishes new work by emerging and established writers of poetry, fiction, and creative non-fiction from Canada and abroad.
Alongside Best Motoring were Hot Version and Video Special.
The first issue was published November 12, 2012, and it has maintained a regular monthly update schedule since.
Launched in September 2005, Prestige Hong Kong is a monthly magazine with a mix of fashion, celebrities, culture, travel, high society and interviews with movie stars.
OOD is published 10 times per year and is owned by the Ontario Federation of Anglers and Hunters.
Brian SouthworthTogether with Gordon Fraser, Henri-Luc Felder
After a lull in the publishing of the review, in September 2003, Freedom Press announced that it would no longer be publishing The Raven.
The relaunched R&R would later cease publication on June 5, 2009.
Bionicle comics were ended and replaced with Hero Factory comics in Fall 2010.
Cine Blitz belongs to Blitz Multimedia Pvt Ltd.
Australasian Science's patrons are Nobel Laureate Prof Peter C. Doherty and ABC broadcaster Robyn Williams.
Europe is a French literary magazine founded in 1923.
The magazine was printed monthly until circulation increased to weekly in 1902 after John Henry Iles purchased the publishing company Richard Smith & Co.
APR publishes a wide variety of the best essays from radical zines, books, magazines, blogs and web sites.
PlayStation Official Magazine – UK, generally abbreviated as OPM, is a magazine based in the United Kingdom that covers PlayStation news, originally created in Winter 2006.
Báiki: The International Sámi Journal is a biannual English-language publication that covers Sami culture, history, and current affairs.
They all concentrated on popular acts, but I was interested in the Underground scene.
Hugely influential in the folk-revival, it was often controversial.
Mehfil Magazine was a Canadian based South Asian lifestyle magazine, launched in 1993 by brothers Rana and Minto Vig.
It also has offices in Queensland, New South Wales, Western Australia and South Australia.
It was available by subscription or from selected newsagents.
Holland's Magazine was a magazine published from 1876 to 1953.
Gonzo is published by the publisher Virtumedia.
A Public Space is a nonprofit quarterly English-language literary magazine based in Brooklyn, New York.
Saturday Review, previously The Saturday Review of Literature, was an American weekly magazine established in 1924.
The Scrubs website features conversations with nurse bloggers and has an average monthly traffic of 2 million.
The magazine retained this character through Issue 59 in 2001.
It is published by Asian Geographic Magazines Pte Ltd, which also publishes Asian Diver and ASIAN Geographic, a regional geographic magazine.
Vietnam is published in Leesburg, Virginia, by the Weider History Group, along with the publications America's Civil War and Civil War Times.
In its earliest colophons, Wired credited Canadian media theorist Marshall McLuhan as its "patron saint."
Replica is an online magazine published by Global Tat Productions.
They sent letters to forty contributors to the literary section of the newspaper Pandji Poestaka requesting submissions, as well as support from ten sultanates.
Woman's Day is an American women's magazine that covers such topics as homemaking, food, nutrition, physical fitness, physical attractiveness, and fashion.
It is the most popular film magazine in Italy.
The circulation of In Style was currently more than 145,000 in 2013.
Yonkoma manga that are published in Ribon also concurrently ran in Ribon Original.
The magazine is published monthly, and is sold in retail outlets and on subscription in both print and digital.
Will Hetherington has been the editor since July 2004.
The Film Daily was a daily publication that existed from 1915 to 1970 in the United States.
Other features included reportage on faux race events and features on absurd vessels.
Actors Ken Watanabe, Francis Ng and Daniel Dae Kim, Japanese soccer star Hidetoshi Nakata, and chef/author/TV presenter Anthony Bourdain featured on August Man's cover.
They included some more risque content including supportive of LGBT families and open-marriages in line with that of modern French culture.
In 2005, The Stinging Fly moved into book publishing with the establishment of The Stinging Fly Press.
And for two years it has been just that.
It was changed in issue 32 to NZ's top circuit, strip and street machines.
Znamya has different sections dedicated to prose, poetry, essays, literary criticism, bibliography etc.
Shortly thereafter, in June 2015, Gannett sold the site to new owners, who began publishing again immediately.
The magazine was founded by editor Reckless Ryan in 1995 and is based in the Black Country.
The editor-in-chief from 2015 is journalist and writer Alberte Bremberg.
The magazine is based in New York City.
ZigZag was a British rock music magazine.
The magazine later incorporated Acorn Computing and Archimedes World magazines.
Graphotism was published between 1992 and September 2011.
Originally the title as printed on the cover was A.N.A.L.O.G.
It is subscribed to by libraries at interchange universities in Korea and abroad to publish the news of Duksung.
Architectural Digest is aimed at an affluent and style-conscious readership, and is subtitled "The International Design Authority".
200 copies were produced, which sold out, and before the second issue was published they had 50 paid subscribers.
Dennis Publishing has acquired control of the complete publishing rights for Men’s Fitness in the UK and Ireland.
The next 26 issues, were published by Necronomicon Press.
The magazine regularly promoted the Tridentine Rite of Mass, often in a manner sympathetic to the Society of St. Pius X and to sedevacantists.
In total, they published 24 numbers in one year in Beirut, coming out every two weeks.
It became a bimonthly magazine in December 1956 in Chicago.
Also available in New Zealand, PC PowerPlay focuses on news and reviews for upcoming and newly released games on the Microsoft Windows platform.
In 1921, the college changed its name to Louisiana Polytechnic Institute to reflect its evolution into a larger and more capable institute of technology.
World Affairs is headquartered in Washington, D.C.
The magazine is currently edited by Michael Molenda.
Like most monthly shonen manga magazines, Jump Square is aimed at ages 16 to 21.
North & South is a New Zealand monthly national current affairs magazine, specialising in long-form investigative stories and quality photojournalism.
A website, igamingbusiness.com, publishes daily news from public and private companies across the sector.
The magazine's headquarters are in New York and it maintains editorial bureaus in Los Angeles and in London.
Centurion is specifically for Centurion Card members.
In the 1970s it became the best-selling British music newspaper.
K-developedia currently provides data in six areas: economy; industry and technology; territorial development; social development; government and law; and official aid
It has been built up by hundreds of young Europeans from across Europe.
The magazine is headquartered in New York City.
Bass Musician is a monthly, free online publication published in Vancouver, Washington for bass musicians and industry professionals.
Their website, exclaim.ca, has an average of 675,000 unique visitors a month.
Print issues also have included a special poetry section entitled "The Seizure State," curated by celebrated American poet Joe Wenderoth.
It was published by the Albanological Institute of Pristina.
The publication was co-founded by Dorothy Kalins, Michael Grossman, Christopher Hirsheimer, and Colman Andrews, who was also the editor-in-chief from 1996 to 2001.
Cornerstone magazine also spawned the Cornerstone Festival.
As of 2015, the series has sold more than seven million copies around the world.
Simpsons Illustrated was a companion magazine to the American animated television show The Simpsons.
The Guardian newspaper stated back in 2007 that "Pride magazine has dominated its market for over 15 years."
It was founded in 1980 by Jesús Blancornelas, known as "the spiritual godfather of modern Mexican journalism", along with Héctor Félix Miranda and Francisco Ortiz Franco.
Manga Time Jumbo is a Japanese monthly yonkoma seinen manga magazine published by Hōbunsha since April 1995.
The Agricultural Research Service is the principal in-house research agency of the United States Department of Agriculture.
Originally a PC magazine, its focus shifted from computers to computer games.
Dossierjournal.com is an extension of the print magazine, providing a forum for both established and emerging artists to exhibit their work online.
It was subtitled the Independent Fantasy Gaming Monthly.
Insight is a weekly magazine aimed at Seventh-day Adventist young people, published by Review and Herald.
Fluide Glacial is a monthly Franco-Belgian comics magazine and a publishing house founded on 1 April 1975 by Marcel Gotlib, Alexis and Jacques Diament.
They were succeeded in 2006 by Jeff Offutt and Rob Hierons.
Andy Childs originally had his own fanzine, Fat Angel.
When his editorials became too sectarian, the IWW replaced him as editor in 1921, and changed the name of the publication to the Industrial Pioneer.
SmartMoney's target market is affluent professional and managerial business people needing personal finance information.
It publishes news, features, and clinical articles relevant to the practice of community health nursing in the United Kingdom.
Photographed by Raphael Mazzucco and produced by Diane Smith, the unprecedented "reunion shoot" featured 139 pages of previously-unpublished images.
Sri Ram Snehi Bhaskar is a monthly magazine based in Shahpura, Bhilwara, India.
The magazine contains explicit nude male photography, often featuring popular stars from the gay adult film industry, erotic fiction, video reviews and other features.
Il Venerdì, first published in October 1987, is a weekly supplement of la Repubblica which deals with news, culture, politics and current affairs.
Alula was an ornithological magazine published in Finland.
JazzTimes is an American magazine devoted to jazz.
The magazine was founded and first published in Colombia.
The magazine was founded as a fanzine: its first issue had a print run of just 850 copies, and was distributed through record shops.
The Parents' Choice Foundation commended Sesame Street Magazine with the Parents' Choice Award on 18 occasions between 1970 and 2007.
Behavioral and Social Sciences Librarian is a peer-reviewed journal published by Routledge, which is part of the Taylor & Francis Group.
It has been suggested that The Moody Blues, formed in May 1964, were the first of the "Brum Beat" bands to become internationally famous.
Increasingly, Emigre became a platform for essays and writings on design.
Government Executive also maintains a growing events division, which produces over 85 events per year.
TV Park is the official sponsor of the TEFI television award.
For instance, issues featured serialized Tumithak novels from Charles R. Tanner.
Miscavige alleged that the article was actually driven by the company Eli Lilly, because of Scientology's efforts against the drug Prozac.
It is also published in New Zealand.
Previously known as The American: A Magazine of Ideas, it was published six times annually from November 2006 to December 2008.
On 7 May 2007, it was released in Bulgaria, on 16 November 2007 in Italy, on 14 February 2008 in Poland.
Essentials was a British lifestyle magazine published by IPC Media, part of Time Inc.
The website offers a blog and an online store with the option to purchase back issues.
It is paired with sister magazine Big Comic Original, going on sale in the weeks Big Comic Original does not.
[Radiador] Magazine is a Mexico City/Helsinki-based Mexican poetry magazine in digital platform devoted to the dissemination of non-conventional literature and arts.
Subscribers to the magazine were sent issues of Maxim magazine to make up for the unsent Blender issues.
ComputerScope  is an end user ICT magazine.
In 1987, the magazine changed format and was renamed Weekly Young Sunday.
Founded in 1983, it was closed down by its owner in 2007 under military pressure after revealing several coup plots.
There's a ban on text messaging, even journalists who go to report are beaten up on the streets.
It was the first project to come from the CrimethInc Ex-Workers' Collective, a decentralized anarchist publisher operating anonymously in the United States.
It was published between 1994 and January 2014.
The magazine was sold every month on the twenty-seventh.
Mike O'Brien bought the magazine from Micromedia Affiliates, based in Morristown, New Jersey, in 1993.
The magazine has received coverage since 2003 in the press, magazines and catalogues, and in a research thesis.
The new formula, however, was unsuccessful and Cracked again canceled its print magazine in February 2007 after three issues.
Its aim was to support the profound changes taking place in the music of the period while simultaneously showing affection for the music of the past.
Moviespot is a movie magazine that is totally supported by the community nonprofit project.
Each copy of the magazine was sold for six pence.
It is the sister publication of Young King.
A New Screw Review was briefly restarted by former employees in 2005.
Together Editor-in-chief Beach and designer Emrich created the basic look and feel of the magazine that continued through the first ten issues.
In the United States and the United Kingdom, it is available in American Apparel stores, among other places.
It was founded in October 2009 and claimed almost 40,000 readers as of 31 October 2009.
Launched in 1874, it is one of the oldest continuously published magazines in the United States.
New Society was a weekly magazine of social inquiry and social and cultural comment, published in the United Kingdom from 1962 to 1988.
Authentic Science Fiction was a British science fiction magazine published in the 1950s that ran for 85 issues under three editors: Gordon Landsborough, H.J.
The history of Lettre International dates back to 1984, the year that the original French edition first came out.
Car Craft is a magazine devoted to automobiles, hot rodding, and drag racing.
Bolero is a fashion and lifestyle magazine based in Zurich, Switzerland.
The magazine has its headquarters in New York City.
It played a part in conspiratorial alliances supporting the policies of Gustav von Kahr, although it also had Conservative Revolutionaries among its core contributors.
The magazine was published between 1976 and 1996.
As an organizer of the concerts in Ukraine, UGP organized the concerts Diary of Dreams, Deutsch Nepal and other international and domestic bands.
The American Interest is a bimonthly magazine focusing primarily on foreign policy, international affairs, global economics, and military matters.
Many City Journal articles focus on urban policy.
It is not paid for out of RIBA membership subscriptions, operating instead on a self-financing commercial basis through advertising, sponsorship and non-member subscriptions.
Professional Pensions magazine is a weekly Incisive Media publication covering the UK institutional pensions industry.
The November 2001 magazine was the final issue.
After 122 years as a weekly publication, the magazine switched to a biweekly publishing schedule in 2008, and to a monthly schedule in 2011.
Encounter was a literary magazine, founded in 1953 by poet Stephen Spender and journalist Irving Kristol.
Its editorial director was Alex Milberg, and its senior editor was Matías Loewy.
Cuvânt moldovenesc was a magazine from Chișinău, Bessarabia, founded in 1913.
Its name refers to the size in square kilometres of this French overseas department, which is located in the Indian Ocean.
Christopher Cummins, knowing that 3W had also acquired Moves, expressed his interest in returning that magazine to print.
Out of 278 contributors names, 108 are from Albania.
The magazine's headquarters is located in Springfield, Missouri.
The animal kingdom emerged as a clade within Apoikozoa as the sister group to the choanoflagellates.
The company's first release was published July 21, 2002.
At the height of its popularity in the 1980s and early '90s it was the most prominent horror publication in the world.
Issue seven was released in trade paperback format.
Publisher Ann Gray, herself an architect, has practiced architecture professionally for over 25 years.
Each issue contained articles that discussed science issues with cultural relevance, illustrated with fine art and an occasional cartoon.
It publishes works of fiction and non-fiction reflective of its mission and was established in 2006.
Established in 1975 by Editora Abril, it was only the fourth overall international version of the magazine, following Germany, Italy and France.
The monthly magazine underwent a revamp in March that year.
Coverage was in-depth with much technical detail, rather than user-oriented.
Lewis also frequently contributed poetry to Time and Tide, including his poem "The Meteorite" which he used as the motto for his book Miracles.
There were many conversations over the proposal, but no great enthusiasm for it.
The magazine is based in Washington, DC.
It is organised by the Exeter University Science Fiction and Fantasy Society.
A complete set of the magazine, occupies slightly less than the available space in three of the binders.
Scuba Diver AustralAsia organises dive expeditions, underwater photography workshops and photographic competitions on a regular basis.
Egg was a style magazine for gyaru fashion, distributed in Japan.
Radius Books is a non-profit art book publishing company, with a focus on photography, fine art and monographs, located in Santa Fe, New Mexico.
The traditionalist literary faction coalescing around the magazine was generally opposed to modernist literature and the aesthetics of modern art, but was more tolerant of Symbolism.
The magazine was a successor to Amstrad Computer User magazine.
Daneshmand is a monthly general science magazine covering recent developments in science and technology for a general Persian-speaking audience.
The Union Cycliste Internationale is the world governing body for cycling and international competitive cycling events.
David Atlanta magazine was an Atlanta-based weekly periodical for the gay community.
The magazine’s editorial perspective strives to bridge scholarly writing and popular accessibility by preserving an attitude of intellectual rigor without abstruseness or academic jargon.
The magazine was known for publishing excellent articles by well-known authors and for its many high-quality illustrations.
Several of its properties, like Doraemon and the Pokémon series of games, have gone on to be cultural phenomena in Japan.
Hispanic was an American English-language magazine of pop culture, fashion, and politics published by Televisa Publishing.
According to a demographic study in 2012, 86% of Relevant's subscribers are between the ages 18 and 39.
Blip Magazine is the reinvention of Mississippi Review Online, a personal website put online in 1995 by the editor of Mississippi Review, Frederick Barthelme.
The magazine has been in publication since September 2005.
For a time, the editorial headquarters of the magazine was in Castro Valley, California, although it later was based in Miami.
The first issue was released on 28 December 2005.
It aims to reach affluent, style-conscious urban women.
It was originally published in London under the title Pick Up, which Traill founded as a locus for serious jazz criticism in Britain.
A-YA was distributed in the U.S. by Alexander Kosolapov in New York.
The magazine has not lost sight of its overall objective: being for and about the United Nations and its international civil servants.
Timely and of the era, the Feature section on music highlighted the jazz scene and showcased up-and-coming artists in the music industry.
Its paid circulation reached 15,000 by 1970.
Most of the series appearing in the magazine use the yonkoma format.
The magazine was edited by Charles D. Hornig.
In 1992, elrad swallowed the German magazine Der Elektroniker which then ceased to exist as a separate entity.
Founded by Ed Pereira, it was predominantly a business start-up based publication distributed through business support outlets.
Woman's Own is a British lifestyle magazine aimed at women.
Camilla Cederna was also among the founders.
It was founded by former high-tech and defense manufacturing entrepreneur Robert Hartman.
It supports civil rights and civil liberties, women's rights, LGBT rights, immigrant rights, labor rights, human rights, environmentalism, criminal justice reform, and democratic reform.
Outlook Ohio is a Columbus, Ohio-based lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender lifestyle and advocacy company for the Ohio queer and allied community.
Magazine was published from the beginning of 1942 until breakdown of the Independent State of Croatia in May 1945.
Since April 2013, the magazine has published a second version that focuses on off-highway riding and competition.
Cinemaya is an influential film magazine established in 1988 devoted exclusively to coverage of Asian film.
Child was an American parenting magazine founded by Jackie Leo and MaryAnn Sommers in 1986 and published through 2007.
The magazine is focused on the hip hop and R&B aspect of the music industry, and predominantly features interviews with artists, actors and other entertainers.
Compared to younger magazines, it was known for its stability, genuine quality and as somewhat culturally conservative.
It was the official magazine of the Nutri-Sport Nutrition stores.
Afghan Scene magazine provides essential information about what is going on in Afghanistan and in particular in the capital, Kabul.
It was a sibling magazine to Redbook.
Its office is located in Intramuros, Manila.
Building is the only UK title to cover the entire building industry.
It is published by the Magna Publishing Group, which also publishes Swank, Gent, Velvet, and many other popular men’s magazines.
Parnasso is a Finnish language literary magazine published in Helsinki, Finland.
The magazine was founded by Barcelona-based photographer Toni Pérez, Zaragoza-based photographer Victor Soria and graphic designer Miguel Saburido in 2009.
There are usually at least two interviews with authors in each issue.
It is published from Germany, Pakistan and India, in print form and on the internet.
It was founded in 1965 by Laughlin Phillips and Robert J. Myers.
Bearded is a British bi-monthly music magazine that distributes nationwide through WHSmith, Borders, independent record shops and newsagent's shops.
The magazine is published by Nagpur-based publisher Crazy Minds.
Thirty-one issues were published through the end of 2003, when the magazine ceased operations after Barnes & Noble stopped its funding following several years of losses.
FT Magazine is a supplement to the weekend edition of the Financial Times newspaper.
The Ladies' Repository was a monthly periodical based in Cincinnati and produced by members of the Methodist Episcopal Church.
Published bi-weekly, it features original articles on finance, industry, investing, and marketing topics.
Country Home was a country lifestyle magazine, published by Meredith Corporation.
The Big Takeover is a quarterly music magazine published out of New York City since May 1980 by critic Jack Rabid.
The Scots Magazine is a magazine containing articles on subjects of Scottish interest.
Founded in 1886 and published without interruption since 1946, it is the oldest Bulgarian periodical in continuous circulation.
The editor-in-chief of the magazine is Abdullah Al Jahlan.
Le Courrier français was launched in March 1948, and was later renamed Courrier 48.
Creative Computing also published software on cassette tape and floppy disk for the popular computer systems of the time.
Shah Hussain Imam served as the executive editor of the magazine.
NZV8's offices are in Grey Lynn, Auckland, New Zealand.
Past covers have included Drake, Waka Flocka, Tyler, the Creator, and Eminem.
Selling 10 copies per day is expected to eventually let the sellers exceed the minimum wage by 40 percent.
Premiere was an American and New York City-based film magazine published by Hachette Filipacchi Media U.S., between 1987 and 2010.
The magazine contains articles on birds, birding, science, conservation, people, art, photography, travel, and reviews of birding gear and books.
Moto faced a new set of challenges in the post-liberation era.
Most articles are written by USPS members, and all are edited by a professional staff.
The new publisher will be known as Ebony Media Corporation.
Magi-Cu was a Japanese manga magazine published by Enterbrain and was sold monthly on the twenty-fifth.
They cover issues facing the Western United States.
This annual publication started in 1963 and covered the history and design of postage stamps, and other related topics.
In the beginning it was printed in the form of newspaper, and issued biweekly, on Tuesdays and Fridays.
The magazine has grown in recent years to include event reports, special features and competitions, generously supported by publishers.
Susie Kent, veteran of Canadian entertainment programming was Executive Producer of the program from 2010-2013.
The published articles dealt with political, cultural, and historical topics while emphasizing education as well as the role of women and the family.
Videogaming Illustrated was a video game magazine published in the United States and ran from August 1982 to March 1984.
Time and Tide never sold well; its peak circulation was 14,000 copies.
The society also published Bible Review and Archaeology Odyssey, which merged with Biblical Archaeology Review after 2005.
Civil War Times is a history magazine published bi-monthly which covers the American Civil War.
Its initial concentration was on Sherlock Holmes and related film and television productions, but later its subject matter expanded to include a variety of other genres.
For economic reasons it closed bureaus in Austin, Miami, and Chicago in 2006.
It is a membership journal that is included in membership with the RAC.
e-flux publications includes both the e-flux journal and e-flux journal reader series.
Each issue's contributors were paid for their work through an honorarium to their charity of choice.
In that first month, it was published three times on days with a "1" in them.
TVTimes is a television listings magazine published in the United Kingdom by Time Inc. UK.
Circulation in 2008 averaged over 300,000 copies, but by 2015 had dropped to 168,250.
The magazine was published by MSM International Ltd. until December 2006 when the company was acquired by Incisive Media.
The magazine is staffed entirely by women located in New York, Los Angeles, Vancouver, and Montreal.
The magazine published poetry, prose, critical, historical, ethnographic and other material.
is an English-language Canadian magazine of women's lifestyles and entrepreneurship.
With a circulation of 200,050, it was the country's biggest selling weekly, ahead of Newsweek's Polish edition, Newsweek Polska, and Wprost.
Most of the magazine's hundreds of reviews were written by Weldon himself.
Mfumu'Eto also drew inspiration from local traditions, combining African traditional medicine with religion, pulp fiction with politics,and irony with attitude.
In the final years of magazine, Tom Kneitel wrote a column in Electronics Illustrated that was similar to Tom McCahill column in Mechanix Illustrated.
Big Comic also serializes Saito's Golgo 13, which is the oldest manga series still in publication.
The final issue was released on July 31, 2008.
But it simply stands for the color of our skin," he says.
It is based in New York and has been published since 1981.
HAPS also received more international attention when a report about South Korean baseball player Kim Tae-kyun  made insensitive remarks towards African-American pitcher Shane Youman.
The magazine reports news and analysis about labor activity or problems facing the labor movement.
The Family Handyman is an American home-improvement magazine, owned by Trusted Media Brands, Inc.
First published in April 2006, A Public Space publishes fiction, poetry, essays and art.
Planinski Vestnik is a Slovenian monthly magazine, published by the Alpine Association of Slovenia.
Each issue has a prominent issue identification number on the cover, and an index to articles is published annually.
A winter edition, which began in 2008, is published each January.
The editor of Angelicuss is Lucian Dunăreanu.
It has been published since May 1924.
It was published semi-annual in Munich and St. Gallen.
The magazine is edited by Nathan T.Birk.
The second series was originally edited by Peter Binns who was succeeded as editor by John Rees.
The main headquarters of Vanidades are now located in Mexico.
A separate Thai edition has been published since March 2011, editions in Belgium and the Netherlands launched in February 2017.
The Autoweek Media Group also includes an Autoweek iPhone and iPad app.
It provides news and musical reviews pertaining to the genre.
Print is a general-interest magazine, written by cultural reporters and critics who look at design in its social, political, and historical contexts.
Huck is a bi-monthly magazine, website and online video channel.
Upcoming and freshly-released Video games, both AAA and indie games, are reviewed in the Reviews.
In 1931, Vogel founded a companion magazine named Lu, a survey of the foreign press translated into French; this merged with Vu in March 1937.
A unique feature of the publication is its motorcycle tests over several tens of thousands of kilometers.
Founded by Huberth and Gerson Jara and currently edited by Eliezer Budasoff, it counts with the contribution of renowned writers, journalists and artists of Latin America.
After a brief hiatus, Mark Gottwald took over publication and Femme Fatales began printing again in at the end of 2007 as a bi-monthly magazine.
Vertebrates have a backbone or spine, and amount to less than five percent of all described animal species.
It was established in 1960 and is owned by the British company Asempa Limited.
Its circulation from 1 July 2007 to 30 June 2008 was 36,755.
Much of the magazine fan base is connected with the original ktmROCKS forum population.
Black Gate was a glossy fantasy magazine and published by New Epoch Press.
Vue is now owned by Postvue Publishing LP.
RadCom is the monthly magazine published by the Radio Society of Great Britain and is provided to all corporate members of the society.
Some of the finest literary works produced in Malayalam were initially published in Mathrubhumi Illustrated Weekly.
In Hype and Feature, the upcoming games get a bit more of coverage, with features stretching over several pages.
It is part of the VIP publishing franchise of Michael O'Doherty.
WebUser is a fortnightly magazine originally published in Britain by IPC Media, but currently owned by Dennis Publishing since 2010.
Launched in 2010 as the "older sister" magazine of Popteen, PopSister was targeted at females in their teens and early 20's.
It was targeted to women, which made up 86% of their readership, with a median age of 36.9 and median household income of $82,442.
The periodical is headquartered since 1951 in the Villa Malta situated in Via F. Crispi, Rome.
It offered video game news, coverage of industry events, interviews with gaming figureheads, editorial content, and product reviews.
Circulation reached a high of 50,000 in 2000 and targeted English-fluent college-educated Asian Americans coming from various cultures.
Sovremennik originated as a private enterprise of Alexander Pushkin who was running out of money to support his growing family.
Fused Magazine is an art, design, music and fashion magazine based in Birmingham, England and distributed throughout the United Kingdom.
Formosa Youth is a weekly Chinese language manga magazine created by Tong Li Publishing for Taiwan.
The website contained selected full-text articles and news from each issue.
The Field is the world's oldest country and field sports magazine, having been published continuously since 1853.
Wyant from 1916 to 1918; and by John C. Farrar during the years it was owned by George H. Doran.
With a family history steeped in western ranching he recognized that current Western lifestyle was void of bridging the past to the present.
The magazine was closed down in June 1866, owing to the official panic that followed the first attempt on Alexander II's life.
In recent years, the magazine has taken stances on conservation issues such as commercial overfishing, catch and release, mercury contamination and marine habitat degradation.
Wet Ink magazine was an Australian magazine devoted to publishing new Australian writing, with an emphasis on new and emerging writers.
In 2017, Impact won Best Magazine Design at the Student Publication Awards.
The column written by Nick uses a style of humour that is savage, profane and often controversial; critically analysing national music media and international music news.
QSaltLake is a lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender news and entertainment magazine published monthly by Gay Salt Lake Inc. in Salt Lake City.
The first incarnation was launched by Victor Fox of Fox Comics in 1941 as a men's lifestyle and pin-up magazine in the style of Esquire.
Pentacle has published articles on folklore, ritual, magic, archaeology.
The magazine was launched in 1989 when its predecessor, the short-lived ST/Amiga Format was split into two separate publications.
As TCR increased in popularity and influence, it was able to attract professional artist to illustrate the covers.
It lasted for 16 issues before going down with its publishers.
It is administered by World Learning, a non-profit, international development and education organization based in Brattleboro, Vermont, USA.
On September 2004, the Philippine edition was released.
Ribon is a monthly Japanese shōjo manga magazine published by Shueisha.
This includes its sister title What's on TV, as well as TV Times, TV & Satellite Week and the soap bi-weekly Soaplife.
Rural Cooperatives magazine is now in its 80th year of helping to increase understanding and use of the cooperative, producer- and user-owned form of business.
Candido was an Italian language satirical magazine published in Milan, Italy, between 1945 and 1961.
The editorial staff is made up entirely of undergraduate and graduate students.
The target demographic for Nakayoshi is girls of age 8–14.
Although primarily aimed at the British market, the magazine is also sold in Australia, Canada and the United States.
Switch was a Romanian LGBT magazine published by Michael Labelle of CONTRAAD, SRL, now defunct.
When launched in 1975, DDJ was the first regular periodical focused on microcomputer software, rather than hardware.
The New York Review of Books is a semi-monthly magazine with articles on literature, culture, economics, science and current affairs.
The first book was published in 2003 and the last one in 2015.
Members of either the RSS or the ASA receive the magazine as part of their membership.
Paid circulation in 2008 was 9,500 and total circulation was 10,000.
There were also occasionally sections on childhood nostalgia.
Microsystems was a personal computing magazine founded by Sol Libes and published from January 1980 to November 1984.
In its early years it covered hard rock acts like The Doors and Grand Funk Railroad.
Up-to-date, historically relevant political documents as well as pictures of renowned politicians and translations of European literature were also published.
Game.EXE is a now-defunct monthly Russian magazine focused on video games.
Started in 2004, the magazine is now published ten times annually.
For Men is an Italian monthly magazine devoted to sex, health, nutrition, hobby, sport and other men's issues published in Milan, Italy.
Baraka has said: "Larry Neal, AB and I realized the historical influence of music on African /Afro American Culture.
Der Österreichische Volkswirt was a German language economics and political magazine published in Vienna, Austria.
Die Freundin was a popular Weimar-era German lesbian magazine published from 1924 to 1933.
Spirit of Bosnia is a quarterly literary magazine that covers scholarly research and writing on the history, politics, and literature of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
A collection of Dick's cartoons is reproduced in the book, HI HI—A Collection of Ham Radio Cartoons.
Avotaynu: The International Review of Jewish Genealogy is a magazine that focuses on Jewish genealogy and family history published by Avotaynu Inc..
The Colored American Magazine was the first American monthly publication that covered African-American culture.
The magazine acted as a songwriter/performer cooperative, and was an outlet for singer-songwriters to release their first recordings.
The K in K-Developedia signifies Korea, while the word Developedia is a compound of Development and Encyclopedia.
Harvard Design Magazine is a registered nonprofit organization.
Established in 1977, it is currently based in Toronto, publishes 10 issues a year and has a total readership of 1.85 million.
In 1989, it was bought by the Guardian Media Group, publishers of The Guardian and The Manchester Evening News.
Starting with the September/October 2002 issue, the magazine evolved into a lifestyle magazine for creators covering the fields of film, music, art and design.
A poll of the readership conducted in 2007 showed a disproportionately high representation of urban men with higher education and high income.
Higurashi retired in the autumn of 2011 due to failing health.
Art Monthly is a magazine of contemporary art founded in 1976 by Jack Wendler and Peter Townsend.
After years of being not published, Brio Girl began being published again in May 2017.
Aku Ankka is a Finnish weekly Disney comic book magazine published by the Sanoma Magazines.
Smartphone Apps are available on both iPhone and Android platforms.
It mostly covered selected articles from Le Monde published in the preceding month.
The Ensign magazine is the official publication of the United States Power Squadrons.
In 2012, the team started working on another video game magazine Next Level, which is considered as a successor to GamePlay.
It was founded in 1999 and has a paid circulation of about 70,000.
The Contemporary Review is a British biannual, formerly quarterly, magazine.
The magazine is issued in print four times per year and in e-book form seven times per year.
The final publication, under the name Die Musik, was February 1943.
Hip Mama: The Parenting Zine is an American Alternative Press Award-winning quarterly periodical covering the culture and politics of parenting.
This gamut occasionally stretches to biographies, with pieces appearing from time to time on explorers, scientists, artists and notorious individuals.
The magazine also features commentaries, photography contests, questions and answers, and weather maps.
Originally, in 1964 it was launched under the name Bessatsu Shōnen Magazine.
It is published by Ashley Heath and editor-in-chief is the stylist & former Dior Homme campaign model Max Pearmain.
Affärsvärlden is a Swedish language weekly business magazine published in Stockholm, Sweden.
On January 2, 2001, Slade bought out his two partners, giving him sole ownership of the paper.
RTÉ Radio programme listings are also published.
The magazine is based in Birmingham, Alabama.
The first issue was published in January 2011.
The International Naval Research Organization is a non-profit organization.
Milwaukee Magazine is a monthly city magazine serving the Milwaukee metropolitan area in Wisconsin, United States.
The current chief editor is Neeta Verma, deputy director general of NIC.
Zhurnal Dlya Vsekh was a Russian monthly magazine published in Saint-Petersburg in 1895-1906.
It was published bimonthly between 1997 and 2014.
The readership is made up of business professionals, including senior level business leaders such as CEOs and heads of functions.
It was published every two months, with the first issue going on sale in May 2007.
24 images is a French-language film magazine published in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Rocket's Blast Comicollector was a comics advertising fanzine published from 1964 to 1983.
Stern left as editor later that month.
Published worldwide, it covers all branches of British canoeing and kayaking, but is primarily focused on sea, surf and whitewater paddling.
It was the Indonesian version of the Japanese Shōnen Magazine and therefore, contained Kodansha-published works only.
The staff of VCJ also contributes to peHUB.
The products are bought directly in retail shops to make sure it is disinterested.
This strip was initially intended to fill a blank spot in the magazine, but later took on a life of its own.
More recently, Permafrost has published work by BJ Hollars and Brian Oliu.
The name of the publication is a variation of the ethnic slur "hebe", an abbreviation of Hebrew.
It contained new writing and creative contributions which challenged stereotypes and supported collective solutions.
The magazine was initially created for Meccano builders, but it soon became a general hobby magazine aimed at "boys of all ages".
It covers economics and finance, Russian business, international business, politics, science and technology, culture and arts.
Viz launched related "Shojo Beat" imprints in its manga, Japanese light novel, and anime divisions to coordinate with the magazine's contents.
Newtype is a monthly magazine publication originating from Japan, covering anime and manga.
Articles have covered many aspects of pagan traditions, including heathen, Druidry, and other classical and modern traditions.
It is also made to raise self-acceptance within the gay community.
The magazine was published by the same company that in 1995 had launched Venezuela's first alternative weekly, Urbe.
The Lifted Brow is an Australian quarterly print literary magazine/journal called which is read all around the world.
Africa Confidential is a fortnightly newsletter covering politics and economics in Africa.
The magazine was published by Street Press Australia on a weekly basis every Wednesday.
The content is predominantly fashion, beauty, pop culture and entertainment conveyed through original editorial and photography.
Room is a Canadian quarterly literary journal that features the work of emerging and established women and genderqueer writers and artists.
It was very short-lived, with only two issues being published before being closed in August 2011.
The Ann Arbor Observer is a monthly newsprint magazine delivered free to all permanent residents of the Ann Arbor, Michigan school district and postal service area.
Cowboys & Indians is an American magazine that focuses on the Western lifestyle.
About 15,000 visitors from 85 countries read the magazine online each month, taking away a positive impression of the British Army.
Dolly was the basis and inspiration for Sassy Magazine in the United States.
A-YA, Cyrillic:«a-Я» — журнал неофициального русского искусства, was an underground Russian art revue.
Schuster was its editor-in-chief from inception until July 1933, when the publication was taken over by the Third Reich.
SERVO Magazine is a monthly robotics publication produced by T&L Publications.
The Beat is a free magazine for young Londoners.
Take That are a British pop music group formed in Manchester, England in 1990.
It is one of the two most prominent Italian weeklies; the other is Panorama.
MATCH is a weekly British football magazine aimed at the teenage and pre-teenage market.
A. Ross Eckler, Jr., a statistician at Bell Labs, became editor until 2006 when he was succeeded by Jeremiah Farrell.
It is aimed at birdwatchers with an interest in birds in Scotland.
The printed version was issued from April 1999 to December 2015 in two versions - for Moscow and other Russian cities.
Crunchyroll Manga is a digital shōnen manga anthology published by Crunchyroll in North America.
The last issues of Tiesa were published in newsletter format.
The Saturday Evening Post is an American magazine published six times a year.
Us Weekly was founded in 1977 by The New York Times Company, who sold it in 1980.
Frank Talk was a political magazine established in 1984 in South Africa, and arising out of the student-led anti-apartheid movement of the 1970s and 80s.
Traffic to the magazine's website reached a new record high in June 2016, with 27 million page views and four million unique users.
It features galleries of room images, decorating advice features, forums, blogs, shopping news and competitions.
Senator John McCain, retired U.S. Navy aviator and senator from Arizona
Famous story writers of subcontinent are associated with these magazines.
It features four to six main features per issue, along with regular and occasional columns.
The British Homing World is a pigeon racing weekly magazine.
They both worked for another children's magazine, Children's Activities, for 12 years before leaving to start Highlights.
Red Carpet Diary now runs one of the largest press operations at TIFF.
Sculpture is an art magazine, published in Washington, D.C., by the International Sculpture Center.
Element Magazine is an Asian men's online magazine that focuses on fashion and lifestyle.
The juxtaposition of what was seen as two opposing cultures fuelled an impassioned racism row.
The magazine also profiles the latest in sneakers, basketball-related clothing, as well as music, DVDs and technology.
Named after the onomatopoeic word that derives from the sound made when playing a power chord on a distorted electric guitar, Kerrang!
ANALOG Computing was an American computer magazine devoted to the Atari 8-bit home computer line, published from 1981 until 1989.
Motor Trend is an American automobile magazine.
Bloom Magazine is a bimonthly culture and lifestyle magazine published in Bloomington, Indiana.
Until 2014 Gyro was printed fortnightly and covered news, features, regular columns, and reviews.
The May and November editions of the Ensign provide reports of the proceedings of the church's annual and semi-annual general conferences.
Each issue includes an introductory essay by Lapham, readings from historical contributors, and essays by contemporary writers and historians.
Videomaker is a magazine publication dedicated to video production.
The later issues were published in co-operation with the Students' Representative Council of the University of Melbourne.
The contents range from articles to sequential art, with contributors drawn from both comics and magazines.
Recoil is a magazine covering handguns, tactical rifles, tactical knives and other shooting-related activities in the United States.
The e-flux journal reader series was initiated in 2009 as a joint imprint with Sternberg Press.
This includes extensive news coverage, major interviews and in-depth features that provide analysis while uncovering new trading and investment opportunities.
• John McLaren, Spring 1993–Autumn 1997 
The magazine also awards annual prizes in fiction and poetry.
The magazine recently opened a second office in Portland, Maine.
Following the failure of Republika Pukanić returned to the magazine as an investigative reporter.
The Record was a Canadian music industry magazine that featured record charts, trade news and opinions.
In 2013, NewMediaRockstars closed because of lack of funding, but was subsequently acquired by Danny Zappin with the aim of building an online entertainment weekly.
Some months, the magazines featured also the ZDM, Cuídate, Decora and Destino supplements.
Aria is a Japanese monthly josei/shōjo manga magazine published by Kodansha.
^ Health Education Curriculum, Kindergarten – Grade 5, New Brunswick
Launched in 1993 by EMAP, it was also published under license in Greece, Denmark, Norway, South Africa, and in France under the name ADDX.
Marvel Super Hero Squad is a comic book series based on The Super Hero Squad Show.
It ceased publication on July 8, 2014 with volume 88.
CFO India is a magazine for India CFOs community published monthly by 9.9 Media.
In those years, the magazine was black-and-white.
Philip Jones is editor-in-chief of the weekly print edition of the magazine and the website.
An interview and photo spread with a celebrity is featured in every issue.
An associated record label was launched in 2010.
The magazine contains comics, stories, puzzles, quizzes, contests and other features targeted at school children, although its readership includes many adults as well.
PC Chip has 194 pages and was redesigned in April 2008.
Aside from The Harvard Crimson, it is the only publication covering the entire University, and also regularly distributed to all graduates, faculty and staff.
Published fortnightly, it offers a critique, by Welsh writers, of various social and cultural aspects of Wales.
In 2014, The Zamboni started publishing digitally, and became part of more experimental humor ventures.
It also provided an outlet for female writers, artists and photographers who had been shut out of a male-dominated underground publishing scene.
Founded by Eduardo Pereira, the magazine is predominately based on homes, gardens, life and style.
This digitized journal Danesh was a Persian women’s journal which was edited in Teheran.
Revolutionart is an international magazine about graphic design, visual arts, and lifestyle.
WoodenBoat is an American magazine that has been published since 1974.
The magazine's puzzles were presented by a character named Peter Puzzlemaker.
Elmore's name was inspired by bluesman Elmore James, although Cadgène also explained, “Elmore James was certainly a factor, but Elmore is a funky, American, down-home name.
It plays a vital role in the socio-political lives of the people of Assam.
Reax Music Magazine is a Tampa-based music and art magazine first published by Joel Cook in 2006.
The Arabic periodical al-Bayān was published once or twice a month from 1 March 1897 until 16 August 1898.
The emphasis is on interviews with cinematographers, but directors and other filmmakers are often featured as well.
The Wipers Times was a trench magazine that was published by British soldiers fighting in the Ypres Salient during the First World War.
Semana Jr. is a Colombian-based monthly magazine.
The magazine was launched by ex-Edge deputy editor Caspar Field, who edited the first seven issues.
The Century website hosts blogs by Drew Hart, Carol Howard Merritt, Elizabeth Palmer, and Daniel Camacho, along with a network of more than 100 outside bloggers.
Indian Literature is official English Language literary journal published bi-monthly by the Sahitya Akademi, India's National Academy of Letters.
Cartoonist Martyn Turner has been a regular contributor since the magazine was founded, and also edited the magazine at one point.
Issues are published every four weeks, resulting in 13 issues per year.
In January 2015 NÓS launched a new website, updated daily with new content.
The first issue was in 1981, with the last issue being #15 in May 1989.
Star Insight was a fortnightly magazine published as a supplement to The Daily Star, Bangladesh's largest circulated English newspaper.
Monthly Comic Blade is a Japanese shōnen manga magazine published by Mag Garden.
The length of the highways varies from I-10's 878.6 miles inside the state borders to Spur 200 at just 0.05 miles long.
Several translations of prominent foreign authors appeared in Zhivopisnoye Obozrenye for the first time.
During the mid-1990s, former Australian fast bowler Jeff Thomson wrote a gardening column for the magazine, which covered all topics besides gardening.
Lord Turner’s suggestion that a "Tobin tax" - named after the economist James Tobin – should be considered for financial transactions reverberated around the world.
Panorama is a weekly Italian-language news magazine published in Italy and based in Milan.
France Dimanche is a French weekly celebrity news magazine published by Hachette with a circulation of about 524,000–650,000 copies.
In its first issue, the editor of the New Era explained the rationale for its creation, stating:
Susannah Breslin of Forbes wrote that,"RECOIL is more Maxim than your dad's Guns & Ammo" with regard to the magazine's photography and subject matter.
Topics covered within the magazine include news and features on design, components, production and research, as well as news stories and product listings.
InsideFlyer relaunched on October 10, 2015, as an online publication and as a rebranded global community.
Papken I wrote the following in its first editorial: "The ear of corn symbolizes the Kingdom of God.
Inside there is detail of news, stock changes, tours, and more.
Babytalk, America's oldest baby magazine, was launched in 1935 as a supplement to customers of a national cloth diaper delivery service based in New Jersey.
In 2005 awards for the best "Young Player of the Year" and "Referee of the Year" were also introduced.
It was known for being a vehicle for social change and was influential in securing the passage of Texas' Pure Food law.
The magazine quickly became hugely successful, going from 26,000 subscriptions in 1975 to 160,000 subscriptions in 1976.
The Magazine was taken over by current publishers Kelsey Publishing Ltd in November 2012.
Works in the ARCHIVES are selected by the Editor to introduce readers to undeservedly lesser known writers from previous generations.
In 2008, the Bennad Ltd. founded the German Medical Online Portal.
In 2011, the magazine's title was changed to ESPN HS.
The content is analytical and practical, with in-depth and relevant articles on management, business strategy and entrepreneurship.
It was one of the longest running video game magazines in the United States and Canada, and was Nintendo's official magazine in North America.
Its focus is on quality dramas, comedy and documentaries, films and sport.
The magazine has a readership of 225,000 people per issue, while the magazine's website counts two million total readers.
Each issue also includes from 400 to more than 1,000 wine reviews, which consist of wine ratings and tasting notes.
In addition, 164 people were declared insane and sent for indefinite periods of compulsory treatment in psychiatric hospitals.
Besides music news, Spex also covers literature, cinema, fashion and contemporary social trends.
It is regulated by a law from 1969, which replaced an earlier law from 1876.
In 2005 the magazine was edited by Daniel and Sarah Spencer who went on to form the influential underground rock band Blank Realm.
The last two issues were renamed ComputerFun.
There are eight issues per year covering the world of tennis.
The April 12 issue was the last weekly issue.
Akhbar Al Adab is an Arabic weekly literary magazine which is published by state-run Akhbar Al Yawm publishing house.
Self is based in the Condé Nast U.S. headquarters at 1 World Trade Center in New York, NY.
MacUser was a monthly computer magazine published by Dennis Publishing Ltd. and licensed by Felden in the UK.
Viz changed the magazine's format in April 2005, with the new magazine being three different free publications of the same name.
That particular issue was eventually printed by a small Quebec company.
An emphasis on both object-oriented and proceduarl languages, on database programming and spreadsheet macros, on HyperTalking and multimedia applications.
The title means "out of the way!"
Hvedekorn is a Danish language literary magazine published in Copenhagen, Denmark.
Mochi was founded by Maggie Hsu, Stephanie Wu, and Sandra Sohn in 2008.
The magazine is published by Debbie Stoller and Laurie Henzel.
Ash-Shiraa is an Arabic weekly magazine published in Lebanon.
Het Rijk der Vrouw was a Belgian women's magazine published between 1925 and 1990.
International Gymnast Magazine, often shortened to IG, is an American sports magazine about gymnastics and the first gymnastics publication.
It is the United Kingdom local edition of ¡Hola!, the Spanish weekly magazine.
The magazine quit publishing articles in 2016 and merged with People's World.
Keith Poulter is the magazine's founder and editor.
According to The Indian Express newspaper "The Kashmir Walla tells stories of Kashmir".
The publication had useful discographies of then under-rated musicians.
The magazine editor-in-chief is Terry Martin and the editor is Anne Stringer.
Jack Marx and Paul Toohey, both Walkley Award winners, have worked on The Picture.
The Middle East in London is a magazine which covers news, business and culture in the Arab world.
The main headquarters of Para Todos are still in San Juan Capistrano.
At its peak, Screw sold 140,000 copies a week.
It was a short-lived but highly acclaimed experiment in linking jazz, poetry, literature, and graphic art in a post-World War II avant-garde British era.
The magazine lasted 136 issues from 1989 to 2000.
Interior artwork was by Elder, Kurtzman, Wood, Davis, Jaffee and Arnold Roth.
It was chosen to capture the eco-philosophy and tradition of generating wealth from waste.
It was also an early site for the writings of the art critic Matthew Collings.
The latest issue is currently available in 23 languages but that number changes depending on community members willing to translate to their native tongue.
Ant was a weekly leftwing publication in Turkey, which first appeared in 1967.
The primary means of publication was online, supplemented with occasional printed material.
The magazine has been an active supporter of New York City's diverse arts and music scene.
Australian Aviation is a popular aviation-related magazine that has been sold in Australia and New Zealand since 1977.
Dance Magazine has multiple sister publications, including Pointe, Dance Spirit, Dance Teacher, Dance 212, and DanceU101.
Such major novels as Ivan Goncharov's Oblomov and Fyodor Dostoyevsky's The Adolescent made their first appearance in Otechestvennye Zapiski.
Some general articles about mountaineering, mountain medicine, the mountain environment, or other topics are also sometimes included.
In 2007, Red Carpet Diary expanded to video.
Sidetracked also gives an annual grant to explorers through its adventure fund.
The European Courier was founded in 2006 by Sebastian Aulich, a Polish lawyer, who is its editor-in-chief.
Venture magazine is a business management magazine.
In the United States, the magazine is distributed from Key Publishing LTD's office in Avenel, New Jersey.
Awards held each year in Los Angeles as part of the Erotica LA convention.
The Ensign was launched in 1914 and is published quarterly.
Making Music magazine is a bimonthly lifestyle music magazine devoted to the recreational musician and all instruments and genres of music.
The GR2, San Francisco, and New York locations feature monthly art exhibitions from up and coming and established artists.
The magazine began as a print publication in 2005 before the launch of the online version in 2007.
It is now owned by Global China Group Holdings Limited, and published by China Touch Media Solutions & Services Limited.
Genesis is a men's pornographic magazine which began publication in 1973.
The company is headquartered at 1155 Gratiot Avenue in downtown Detroit.
Saturday 12 February 1916 and Saturday 26 February 1916 came to light and were offered on eBay.
Published monthly by Penton Media, it is the leading US magazine for environmental, health and safety management professionals in the manufacturing, construction, and service sectors.
GQ Australia is a style guide for men, and includes articles, advertisements and advertorials on grooming tips, fashion details, travel ideas and similar.
Hazards has also jointly developed a NewsWire with LabourStart which provides health and safety news headlines for union websites as an RSS feed.
Equus is a monthly magazine for horse owners that was first published in November 1977.
Hombre includes interviews with prominent Latin men, news features relevant to the Latin community, sports stories, fashion editorials, and photo layouts of Latin women.
It is aimed at serious birdwatchers and ornithologists, rather than the more casual birdwatchers catered for by some other magazines on the subject.
The magazine covers international fashion, beauty, design, health, architecture and decor, as well as spreads on trendsetting celebrities.
The Canadian Alpine Journal is the yearly magazine of the Alpine Club of Canada.
The journal features articles from historians, anthropologists, artists, journalists, and other writers.
The magazine sponsored various awards, and it held an annual college fiction contest.
Hence, information presented may not be proven or factually correct.
CQ Amateur Radio is a magazine for amateur radio enthusiasts first published in 1945.
When she and her husband woke up, they were covered in lipstick.
The Capuchin Annual was an Irish annual publication published every year in Dublin by the Capuchins from 1930 to 1977.
The first release of the guide book was on November 26, 2004 and is the 2005 listing.
Il Monello was a weekly comic magazine for kids and teens published in Italy from 1933 to 1990.
The magazine was closed in December 2015.
Audio claimed to be the successor of Radio magazine which was established in 1917.
Seed was founded in Montreal by Adam Bly and the magazine is now headquartered in New York with bureaus around the world.
And that attention to the culture was a way of drawing attention to the people’s needs and struggle."
The Brussels Times is a Belgian online newspaper in English.
Editor Hugh Gollner later described it "a big mistake" in terms of finances.
In a letter he wrote on August 25, 1988, Tibor Kalman, president of M&Co.
The headquarters of the magazine is in Dallas, TX.
In 1796 the English Review was merged into the Analytical Review.
Irish Language and Ulster Scots writing are published in the original, with English translations or glosses.
The target reader of this magazine is mainly post-eighties.
Shamakami was an early newsletter for South Asian lesbians and bisexual women.
It was created by and named for Grace Mirabella, a former Vogue editor in chief, in partnership with Rupert Murdoch.
It was founded by Tarun Tejpal and Aniruddha Bahal in 2000 as a website.
The longest-lasting version began in 1988 and ran with an occasional hiatus for over 20 years under an assortment of publishers.
However, Charles Trueheart's earlier observation about Current Books in The Washington Post -- "great idea, straightforward execution, tough market" -- proved to be prescient.
The magazine was founded by Michael J Giglia and Matthew J. Pawlak.
It returned to being published on its own from 1992-1996, with the United Methodist Review included as an insert.
Irish poet Niall McDevitt was the first online editor of IT, a position also held by the late poet and actor Heathcote Williams until 2017.
It was established in 1965 by Eugene McNamara, and was originally named University of Windsor Journal.
It is owned by The Fader Media group, which also includes its website, thefader.com, Fader films, Fader Label and Fader TV.
The Bellingham Review includes fiction, poetry, and creative non-fiction.
Content of Raze covered the 16-bit computer and console machines, with news on US and Japanese videogaming.
The Magazine was a monthly digest entertainment magazine targeted for youth and published in Canada.
Founded in 1915, it is currently edited in Milan.
The figure of Patufet on the magazine was first drawn by Antoni Muntanyola.
Woman & Home is a monthly lifestyle magazine for women published by IPC Media.
Gore edited Hip Mama for 15 years.
It was published by Dennis Publishing, and was a sister publication to the Fortean Times.
Known as the National Dairy Farm magazine, it contains articles about and for the dairy industry.
From 1943 to 1947, its editor-in-chief was Albert Camus.
Lady Rhondda took over herself as editor in 1926 and remained for the rest of her life.
Purchased in 1998 by Mortons Media Group, it is now published by their subsidiary Mortons Motorcycle Media.
One of the DVDs in the October 2009 issue of Digit was dedicated to Digit TV, and it featured a Video Buying Guide.
Applications for iPhone and Android of the magazine was launched on April 9, 2013 by Reverie Corporation Limited.
Attacks against opposition journalists and politicians were frequent and opened the door to articles about local racism, classism and values in Venezuelan society.
The Christian Century is a Christian magazine based in Chicago, Illinois.
Vogue Knitting is an the preeminent American fashion magazine about knitting published by SoHo Publishing LLC.
American novelist William S. Burroughs scripted The Unspeakable Mr. Hart, illustrated by Malcolm McNeill.
The anthology launched with a lineup of six titles, with new issues published online two weeks after the equivalent Japanese release.
Binah's first food editor, Estee Kafra, spun off her weekly kosher recipe column into two cookbooks, Spice It Right and Cooking With Color.
The magazine is published three times a year.
The company switched to an exclusively online publishing platform in May 2012.
Black Sports Magazine was a magazine that launched in April 1971 in New York City and closed later that decade.
It highlights the doings and happenings of the Mollywood film scene.
Published monthly by the Great Lakes Publishing Company, it features articles on dining, travel & leisure and arts & entertainment in Northeast Ohio.
The editor-in-chief is Hannamari Shakya who works as a producer at the publishing company Musta Taide of Aalto University producing photography books.
The magazine focuses on cultural and industrial progress made in the country.
There were also occasionally sections on childhood nostalgia.
The first-ever Mad Monster Party convention was held March 23–25, 2012, and was the first to be produced by the Mad Monster team.
Our State is a monthly magazine based in Greensboro, North Carolina, featuring travel and history articles and photographs about North Carolina people, places and events.
Previous UK bisexual journals were BiFrost and Bi Monthly in the 1980s.
Hamilton folded the magazine in October 1957, because they needed cash to finance an investment in the UK rights to an American best-selling novel.
The overarching topics relate to women in classical music, historic and current.
Hanalala was the Indonesian version of the manga magazines Hana to Yume and LaLa.
Gourmet magazine was a monthly publication of Condé Nast and the first U.S. magazine devoted to food and wine.
Published twice a year by KSU students, Fusion addresses sexual minority issues within the general population using illustrative photo essays and in-depth feature articles.
The magazine started in 1950, and was sold to The New York Times Company in 1969.
Manikkodi was a Tamil non-fiction literary weekly that was published from 1933 to 1939.
The magazine is sold monthly on the twenty-fourth.
In time, the hosting of the web site migrated to servers owned by RIT Computer Science House.
Shōnen Ai no Bigaku, literally The Esthetics of Boy Love, was a bimonthly manga compilation authored by shotacon artists in Japan.
IBT Media relaunched a print edition of Newsweek on March 7, 2014.
As of March 2012 it changed from a free publication to require a paid subscription for unlimited access to the site.
As Editor in Chief, Evans coined the motto "Truth in Travel," which declared that travel industry freebies would not be accepted.
Sovremennik was the first to publish translated works by Charles Dickens, George Sand and other best-selling foreign writers.
It "placed its dark red monthly booklet, 'like a little brick, on the slowly and arduously erected structure of social rights and consciousness.'"
Gândirea, known during its early years as Gândirea Literară - Artistică - Socială, was a Romanian literary, political and art magazine.
Its first issue was published on 24 December 1945.
features community-based solutions to social problems, and "supports people's active engagement in creating a more just, sustainable, and compassionate world".
The magazine is edited by Andrew Tuck.
Content is based on the monthly print publication, which publishes 9 issues per year, distributing over 103,000 copies to over 2,600 locations across Canada.
Chinese National Geography is a Chinese monthly magazine similar to the National Geographic Magazine.
Geist acknowledges the financial support of the Government of Canada, through the Publications Assistance Program and the CanadaMagazine Fund.
The first issue appeared in November 2003.
Il Vernacoliere is characterised by its absence of advertising, its satirical style, and for the widespread use of the dialect of Livorno.
The Foxfire program has been shifted from the English to the business curriculum.
Originally started in Australia in April 1971, ETI was published in the UK in 1972.
Instead, a notable sportsperson, male or female, would adorn the cover each month.
Guernica Inc. has been a not-for-profit corporation since 2009.
Mega Zone was a publication from Elwood, Vic.
From 1998 to 2006, Wired magazine and Wired News had separate owners.
Sustainuance is a business magazine, published monthly by Saaga Interactive Pte Ltd, focused on the sustainability industry.
It is one of the spin-offs of the German news magazine Focus.
The Arabic periodical al-Ǧāmiʿa was founded in 1899 and initially published in Alexandria by Faraḥ Anṭūn, an Egyptian intellectual.
It was published in Chicago by the general executive board of the IWW from 1921 to 1926, under various editors.
Destiny is a monthly high-end business, lifestyle and fashion magazine for women.
Reality Check Network was a diskmag warez magazine that existed from November 18, 1995 to Summer 1997 with two breaks in Spring 1996 and Winter 1996/1997.
The state also owns and maintains some park and recreational roads located near and within state and national parks, as well as recreational areas.
Ursa Astronomical Association is a non profit organization which promotes astronomy and related sciences and astronomy school education.
The company's newest division, Dazed Studio, creates brand campaigns across the luxury and lifestyle sectors.
Acoustic Magazine is a British glossy monthly publication that deals only in acoustic music.
Founded in 1962, it is the oldest magazine in English in Belgium and remains one of the oldest English-language publications in Continental Europe.
Telva is a Spanish language monthly women's magazine published in Madrid, Spain.
Sisterhood Magazine was for Christian teen girls.
Subsequent editors of the magazine included the Hindi poet Raghuvir Sahay, K.L.
360 was an Xbox 360 video games magazine published by Imagine Publishing in the UK.
It can also be subscribed to or downloaded in PDF format over the Internet.
To enlarge the readership, the NIW started a modernization campaign in 2001, but this had minimal effect on the number of subscribers.
The magazine's content is themed around gross out topics and proved to be extremely successful; the title continues to be published.
Divestyle started in 1987 and is a bi-monthly SCUBA and lifestyle magazine aimed at South African SCUBA diving community.
Moves was among the assets acquired by TSR.
NIE is a Polish weekly magazine published in Warsaw.
It is independent from national and local governments, from the European Union, and from political parties, institutions, agencies and all other political and business bodies.
The magazine was established in 1977 by the poets Knute Skinner and Peter Nicoletta.
Atari Age was a magazine distributed to Atari Club members from 1982 until 1984.
The magazine is sold every month on the 27th.
Rip It Up is a bi-monthly New Zealand music magazine.
Since 2000, the magazine has also run a poetry competition, the Great Blue Heron Poetry Contest.
In 2010, Radhakrishnan, the founding editor of Man’s World, bought out the magazine from Mahindra.
In recent years, the perfect-bound glossy has regularly eclipsed 200 pages.
The magazine provides editorial content and directory information for several thousand services for children, families and communities.
Enterprise magazine is targeted at entrepreneurs, business leaders, business start-ups and SMEs.
Comic Gum is a Japanese seinen manga magazine pushlished on a monthly basis by Wani Books.
It is subtitled "the science of everything" and is described as "a magazine of ideas, science, society and the future".
Opera is a monthly British magazine devoted to covering all things related to opera.
Simon Stephens is the current acting editor.
The first issue included a second open letter to members of the Communist Party.
Blender's final print issue was the April 2009 issue.
The magazine focuses on music, film, fashion, entertainment business, and popular culture.
NoiZe Magazine is a published guide to circuit parties, gay dance events, and festivals.
The company was officially dissolved on July 6, 2012.
The Jasoosi digest publications released other various digest like Pakiza, Sergazist and Dilkash.
It was founded in 2007 by Nadya Lev, Meredith Yayanos, and Zoetica Ebb., and carries the tagline, "A Love Letter to Alternative Culture."
Its format is divided into a number of recurring segments such as TV and movie parodies, as well as freeform articles.
It was published by IPC Media until October 2010, with ISSN 0033-8923, and in 2007 won IPC's 'Magazine of the Year' award.
The magazine was modelled on British magazine Punch.
During the Troubadour's original run three covers were illustrated by American artist Maxfield Parrish.
In 2004, Nadine Epstein took over as editor and executive publisher of Moment.
alfabeta was an Italian language monthly cultural and literary magazine published between 1979 and 1988 in Milan, Italy.
Arena Homme + is the premier men's biannual and came from the monthly Arena which itself was started out of The Face offices.
In November 2003, the editor of Quote was shot, and the culprit was never found.
In 1980, Australian millionaire Clyde Packer bought the magazine after leaving his native Australia and settling in Laguna Beach and ultimately, Santa Barbara.
Each issue contains two to four feature articles related to boating or USPS.
Countries of distribution include all evolving markets in the region: UAE, Qatar, Kuwait, KSA, Bahrain, Lebanon, Syria and Jordan.
Its successful sales together with other local comics producers such as Psicom and Summit Publishing was an indicator that comics readership was growing in the Philippines.
It was established in 1917 and ran for 70 years with its first edition appearing in 1917 with an Ajax team photo on the cover.
Calcio 2000 is a monthly Italian football magazine reporting on all aspects of Italian and European football.
Each month another focus theme is portrayed.
It has a combined audience of nearly 3 million.
Since then Joe Chiodo has been the publisher and Krista Minard is the editor of the magazine.
Psychologist James McKeen Cattell, the former publisher and editor of The Popular Science Monthly, was the original founder and editor.
It is regarded as one of the most important Albanian magazines of the early 20th century.
In 1809 the paper was re-organized as a monthly, and a new prospectus was issued which de-emphasized politics.
Phil Hilton is Editorial Director, Lisa Smosarski is Editor and Glenda Marchant is Publisher.
People is a fortnightly Australian lad's mag owned by Bauer Media Group.
Contributors to the review have included McQuinn, Noam Chomsky, David Barsamian, Richard Heinberg and Harold Pinter.
The journal "focuses on the production, collection, organization, dissemination, retrieval, and use of information in the social and behavioral sciences.
The magazine is headquartered in Chapel Hill, North Carolina.
Plaza Magazine was founded in Sweden 1994.
The last issue was Issue 37, November 1998.
Mothering is a magazine that promotes natural mothering practices and attachment parenting.
Model Railroader is an American magazine about the hobby of model railroading.
James Mill was one of the driving forces behind the liberal journal until 1828.
In recent years, the PWI has moved away from reporting on storylines as actual news and mixed in editorial comments on the behind the scenes workings.
Airliner World is part of a group of aviation magazines published by Key, including AIR International, Air Forces Monthly, and sister magazine, Airports of the World.
Vietnam Magazine is a full-color history magazine published bi-monthly which covers the Vietnam War.
Man's World, also known under its abbreviation MW, is an Indian men's luxury lifestyle magazine.
Its first publishing was in December 2005.
All state highways, regardless of classification, are paved roads.
It first went on sale on 25 November 1998.
Graiul Nostru was a monthly literary magazine published in Bârlad, Romania by the Academia Bârlădeană".
Its chairman and editor-in-chief is Steve Forbes, and its CEO is Mike Perlis.
Wine Spectator, like most other major wine publications, rates wine on a 100-point scale.
"Portfolio addresses people like me who are collectors, not scholars," a subscriber, Malcolm Forbes, told The New York Times.
Currently, the editor-in-chief of Jakin is Lorea Agirre.
Monthly there are one Excellentia and several Supersonic Awards.
The website also features a blog covering industrial design news.
The tagline of Geez is "holy mischief in an age of fast faith".
.info was a computer magazine covering Commodore 8-bit computers and later the Amiga.
Formerly a monthly print magazine called Chart, which was published from 1991 to 2009, the web version continues operation.
New Zealand Local Government is a monthly trade magazine published by Contrafed Publishing, an Auckland-based company.
This format enabled poster-size reproductions of science fiction book jacket illustrations to be a major part of the magazine.
Based in Kiev, the paper offers news events and interviews, but no analysis.
In 2007 they held a fundraiser for the re-election of San Francisco mayor Gavin Newsom, and a "Cupid's Back" Valentine's fundraiser for the GLBT Historical Society.
Primarily text articles, with occasional strips and comics features, Amazing World offered a great deal of insight into Bronze Age DC corporate and creative culture.
All authors are required to submit their reports to other professionals for review, but this process does not ensure the validity of medical advice.
Erotic Review is a monthly UK-based lifestyle publication.
Unlike most other magazines in the country, it is targeted at the general public.
It is the leading weekly publication in the country and one of the most influential outlets of the Brazilian printed media.
It was an independent undergraduate student magazine wholly funded by a University department, an unusual and possibly unique arrangement in the UK.
Huntin’ Fool is a resource for non-resident hunters, as well as those interested in trophy hunting.
The photographs and artwork on the front and back covers as well as accompanying articles have been described as "stunning" and "beautiful".
The articles are published in their original language, although French is used by its editorial staff.
In June 2011, Music Week was sold to Intent Media.
Launched in August 2013, this magazine targets the Indian community, domestic and abroad.
Hogan then sold the magazine to Marketing & Technology Group.
As of issue 30 July 2011, UBM is still named as publisher, as the new publisher Intent Media took over on 1 August 2011.
Paletten collaborates with selected artists in producing each new issue.
The tests are then performed in independent laboratories in the Czech Republic as well as abroad.
Vietnam has a number of recurring departments, including:
This is a monthly publication that is sold in Mexico and in the USA.
Financial Advisor is a monthly financial services magazine which delivers market information for financial advisors.
Throughout its history Iskra suffered from severe censorship, and in 1865 was forced to part with Vasily Kurochkin.
For the second half of 2013 the magazine had a circulation of 193,101 copies.
Twill is a unique venture in publishing that some media have labeled an intellectual fashion magazine.
The many authors whose work appeared in The Grand included Agatha Christie, E. Phillips Oppenheim, Baroness Orczy, Rafael Sabatini, Edgar Wallace and P. G. Wodehouse.
The magazine regularly publishes ranked lists, perhaps best known is the Fortune 500, a ranking of companies by revenue that it has published annually since 1955.
The Fitness section showcases how-to workouts with detailed moves so the reader can replicate the activities effectively.
Computerra was a Russian computer weekly publication.
Among other licensed editions, the Serbian edition named Hairstyles na srpskom has been published since June 2002 as a bimonthly edition.
Towards the end of the 1980s, the magazine's size steadily decreased due to the increasing switch from 8-bit to 16-bit home computers.
The magazine is owned by BowTie, Inc.
Edited by Peter Phillips, Ancient Egypt seeks to explain the mysteries of this ancient civilisation in a concise manner.
It is published by Entrepreneur Media Inc., headquartered in Irvine, California.
Physics is an open access online publication containing commentaries on the best of the peer-reviewed research published in the journals of the American Physical Society.
The magazine claims the title of "Britain's best-selling motorcycle magazine", based on circulation figures provided by the Audit Bureau of Circulations.
The magazine features editorial about people, places and events associated with motorcycling in the Northwest region.
Revived in 2015, it was closed again in the course of the 2016–17 Turkish purges.
In 1977 Lambert sold Playgirl to Ira Ritter who took over as publisher.
It was the successor publication to N64 Magazine, later renamed NGC Magazine and Super Play, continuing the unique style of those magazines.
The IT restarted as an online archive in 2008.
It is the 17th international edition of Vogue and the first edition in South Asia.
The Tyee is a left-of-centre independent online Canadian news magazine that primarily covers British Columbia.
Above each story is the author's suggested musical accompaniment, thus adding to the magazine's intended effect of engaging multiple senses.
All building projects require the services of a building designer, typically a licensed architect or structural engineer.
Jazz Forum is a European jazz magazine based in Warsaw.
Rick Baker was listed as the editor from 2005 to October 2010.
Lesnaya Industriya is a Russian monthly woodworking magazine published in Moscow.
Mi Gente Hispana features the best thinkers, trendsetters, and next-generation leaders in the Hispanic American community.
The headquarters is in Fort Atkinson, Wisconsin.
The front cover normally contains a witty headline and an Arsenal related picture.
MicroMega is a political, cultural, social and economic newsmagazine published bimonthly in Rome, Italy.
Galileu is a science magazine in Brazil, which was founded in 1991.
An initiative from 'Keraleeyam Koottayma', Keraleeyam presents basic issues of people such as agriculture, health, environment, human rights, education, gender-equality, dalit and adivasi issues etc.
In 2015, The Jockey Club purchased a majority share in the publication.
It is published by Immediate Media and is currently the UK's best-selling mountain bike magazine, with a circulation of 38,482.
The publication takes its name from New York City's photo district, an area of photo businesses that was once located in Flatiron District.
Escort also has a digital identity on the official Paul Raymond site paulraymond.xxx, where the hardcore imagery not found in the print version is also shown.
Dealogic has a long partnership with the EuroWeek group.
To qualify for this list, the magazine has to have serialized manga included, or have a section discussing manga.
Narrow Gauge and Shortline Gazette, subtitled Accurate Information for Fine Modelbuilding, is a magazine published bimonthly in the United States.
In its closing web comments, the publishers reported that continuing challenging economic conditions meant that the product was no longer viable.
magazine staffer "Metal" Tim Henderson and author Martin Popoff in 1994, Brave Words & Bloody Knuckles has become a globally respected metal publication.
The English translation of the word Sanathana Sarathi means `Eternal Charioteer'.
In 1998, Animerica Extra was launched as a manga anthology which eventually focused specifically on shōjo titles.
It has been published irregularly since 1989.
The magazine is printed every Monday and is available at a price of ¥280.
Twilight Zone literature is an umbrella term for the many books and comic books which concern or adapt The Twilight Zone television series.
Its use of the term "punk rock", coined by writers for Creem magazine a few years earlier, further popularized the term.
The magazine was published in landscape format and each episode had a unique design and font.
British Bandsman first appeared in September 1887 as The British Bandsman: A monthly magazine for Bandmasters and members of Military and Brass Bands.
It was formed out of the ashes of a small fanzine produced by music aficionados from France in 1995.
WildBird was a bimonthly magazine about birding or birdwatching in North America, Central America and South America.
The newsletter title Women in Music was coined in 1935 by Petrides's husband, journalist, Peter Petrides to encapsulate the gist of its contents.
Lego Magazine - A PLAYbook featuring comics, building ideas, cool creations, and games.
It was published in Chicago by Penton Media until 2013; in 2014 it was sold to Praetorian Group.
The magazine is based in Nashville, Tennessee.
Tolkien's The Fellowship of the Ring, and in 1955 his reviews of The Two Towers and The Return of the King were published.
On the death of Spencer, the title was acquired by Gordon and Breach Publishing, and produced four issues under the editorship of Lynne Green, Spencer's deputy.
Some of this came in the form of press releases and aggregated industry news, while some was original content such as blog posts or podcasts.
Apex will explore dark science fiction and horror; while Abyss & Apex publishes somewhat dark fiction, they will not publish horror.
The founder of the magazine is Phil Ward.
On the other hand, the authors of the Neue Marx-Lektüre in contrast to the academically dominant neo-classic economy maintain the relevance of the approach of Marx.
Living Blues: The Magazine of the African American Blues Tradition is a bi-monthly magazine focused on blues music, and America's oldest blues periodical.
A unique aspect of Lesbian Connection is the fact that its content consists largely of reader submissions.
Regular content included articles on bird identification, biology and conservation, as well as reviews, letters and coverage of the RAOU's projects and membership activities.
The magazine is published in English and French and draws its subscription base primarily from Canada.
The magazine’s inaugural issue was published in October 1985.
Chicagoland Golf appears once in March/April, May, June, July, August, September and Fall/October.
Launched in June 1850, it is the second-oldest continuously published monthly magazine in the U.S..
Roughly bi-monthly, the magazine contained news, articles, essays, photography, information on pedophilia and childhood and other material of interest to pedophiles.
The magazine has its headquarters in San Bruno, California.
It was the first magazine with circulation over one million to win the National Magazine Award for General Excellence twice.
Emergency Nurse is a monthly professional magazine which covers research and clinical articles relevant to the practice of emergency nursing.
Newsweek has called The Tower Magazine "an indispensable new English-language source on the Middle East."
Renaissance Publishing acquired the magazine in 2011.
Classic Style Magazine was a quarterly men's interest magazine started in 2006.
Vogue China currently circulates around 1.6 million copies.
It is owned by Sociedade de Turismo e Diversões de Macau and designed by Hong Kong architects Dennis Lau and Ng Chun Man.
Christine MacIntyre was the editor-in-chief until her death in 1988.
Its management decided to suspend its print edition from June 2016 and convert itself to a web-only publication.
Keliling Dunia is somehow like Potret Negeriku, but specifies on a place outside Indonesia.
The Jewish Review of Books is a quarterly magazine with articles on literature, culture and current affairs from a Jewish perspective.
The magazine comes with a poster, four stickers, and two DVD disks.
The South Pacific edition, which covers Australia, New Zealand and the Pacific Islands, is based in Sydney, Australia.
Albina Românească was the second journal to be published in its country, after the French-language Courrier de Moldavie, and the first Romanian-language one in Moldavia.
It was notable for helping strengthen African-American intellectual and political identity in the age of Jim Crow.
In October 2008, another redesign led to major changes.
The American Home was a monthly magazine published in the United States from 1928 to 1977.
VCJ, based in San Francisco, is published by Jim Beecher and edited by Alastair Goldfisher.
The founder and editor-in-chief of Miasto Kobiet is Aneta Pondo.
The magazine was founded by Thomas and James Swords, who published, printed, and probably edited it.
Under his tenure, Rutemiller re-branded each media vehicle under one print title, Swimming World Magazine, and then re-launched all three magazines as separate digital downloads.
Convorbiri Literare is a Romanian literary magazine published in Romania.
The content of the magazine targets security practitioners and policymakers, and therefore features articles by specialist journalists and industry professionals.
The periodical won seven National Magazine Awards over the course of its publication.
Less controversial cover stars include Bollywood superstar Aishwarya Rai, Slumdog Millionaire actress Freida Pinto, and British-Asian singer Jay Sean.
Among its permanent contributors are many of Israel's predominant poets, authors, scholars, artists and translators.
The detail in the Fast Track series ranges from the beginner to the intermediate and often with references to advanced content.
It was set up in 2011 and the journal officially launched in 2012.
From November 2010, The Railway Magazine is now published by Mortons Media Group Ltd..
State is published by Roger Woolman and edited by Hot Press alumni Phil Udell.
The publication was launched and published by Luna Media, and purchased by Next Media in January 2009.
The magazine was published monthly until 2013 when the frequency was switched to bimonthly.
Contributing Editors included Paul Goldberger, Linda Nochlin, Robert Rosenblum, and Vincent Scully.
Features in the magazine include film news, previews and reviews also comics and fun games.
It was available in print on newsstands and in bookstores; select articles are available online.
Terry Hall also refused to pay his employees and gutted The Spectator before filing for bankruptcy and closing it down that same year in 2005.
The Hibernian was a monthly Irish magazine with the subtitle "Faith, Family and Country".
It is part of the Bauer Media Group.
As well as the magazine, RWDmag has a website which features music videos, tracks and artist profiles.
The magazine evolved over the years, spinning off a separate publication called Game Players Sega Genesis Guide when Sega entered the console market.
It is sponsored by Brown University’s Political Theory Project.
The magazine is published bimonthly and is notable for offering subscriptions on a sliding scale basis.
Willowbrook had been given National attention thanks to the media coverage of WABC, led by reporter Geraldo Rivera, and by the efforts of NYSARC, Inc.
Accounting Today's web site tracks related accounting news and hosts the Accounting Today blog, Accounting Tomorrow.
Writers published in the magazine included its first editor Kofi Awoonor, Efua Sutherland, Ayi Kwei Armah and Ama Ata Aidoo.
Each issue is accompanied by Global Rhythm on Disc, a full-length music compilation CD allowing subscribers to hear some of the music they are reading about.
Stylist is owned by independent publishing company Shortlist Media Ltd, which also owns ShortList.
Typically, the magazine has a content to advertising ratio of 2:1.
The journal features regular contributions from several Literary Editors including the poets Justin Hyde, Dennis Paul Wilken, Rob Plath, and Luis Cuauhtémoc Berriozábal.
The Malahat Review is based in Victoria, British Columbia, and circulates locally, regionally, and nationally throughout Canada and sixteen other countries.
After a preview issue was released in November 1992, the magazine's first issue was released in February 1993 with a March 1993 cover date.
DOLLY was an Australian bimonthly teen magazine started in 1970 by Fairfax Ltd. in Australia and New Zealand, and purchased by ACP in 1988.
Unlike the LRB, which covers world literature, the SRB deals only with Scottish books.
Typical articles included reviews about knives intended for hunting, hiking, canoeing, wilderness survival, street defense and military combat among other topics.
The magazine focuses primarily on musicians who are unsigned and on small labels, and their success in a DIY environment.
ATE Superweeks, a UK summer camp provider, works in association with Aquila magazine to run an annual summer camp.
The magazine was launched in 1980 and is currently being published only in Denmark.
Frederick James Smith became the editor in 1923 when it moved to Cooperstown, New York.
On January 10, 2017, White River Productions announced their acquisition of the magazine title from Benchmark Publications.
As of 2004 the free magazine, which does not accept advertising, had a circulation of 80,000.
42,000 copies are distributed in total: 18,000 in Ontario, 5,000 copies each in Winnipeg, Edmonton and Calgary, and 9000 copies in British Columbia.
Comstock's annually prints a regional guide to non-profits and foundations called "Capital Region Cares" The 21st annual issue was released in September 2016.
The magazine covered issues like abortion, equal rights, and interspersing sexy shots of men and played a pivotal role in the sexual revolution for women.
Its initial first printing of 300,000 copies sold out, requiring a second printing to be made.
Printed copies were available free of charge around the Dunedin North and Central Otago campus areas, and selected sites in Dunedin city.
The Rainbow was a monthly magazine for the TRS-80 Color Computer by the Tandy Corporation.
Merkur, subtitled Deutsche Zeitschrift für europäisches Denken, is Germany's leading intellectual review, published monthly in Stuttgart by Klett Cotta.
The free monthly publication aimed to help new mothers trust their maternal instincts with "straight talk" from experts and real moms.
Typical subjects covered include renewable energy, legislation, wind turbine technology and company news.
It lasted exactly two years, as the 25th and last issue was the February 2005 edition.
It was first published in August 1995.
It is currently available in 13 international editions in six different languages.
Egg had its own models which starred in every magazine.
No lists were published from 1941 to 1945, or 1955 to 1958.
The magazine was the first international men's magazine to enter the Indian market and the 30th international version of Maxim.
ZigZag was purchased in July 1988 from Northern & Shell, who had amalgamated it with music equipment title "one two testing".
The magazine featured videogame industry news, game reviews, hardware reviews, and sections dedicated to fans of retro gaming and Massively multiplayer online games.
The winners of those contests which had submitted a composition, photographs, caricatures or translations of operas were honored in award presentation ceremonies.
Mediateam is a member of Magazines Ireland, a professional body whose members are the major magazine publishers in the Republic of Ireland.
Jours de France is a French news magazine which was created and belonged to French industrialist Marcel Dassault.
The last two issues carried the cover title of Beyond Fiction, but the publication's name for copyright purposes remained as before.
The corresponding German Lettre International, founded by Frank Berberich, has come out continuously since its inception in 1988.
The magazine also has a website containing games, information on upcoming issues, quizzes and downloads.
In 1997, the group launched Propertylink, the UK's largest free-access commercial property availability search website.
The magazine is privately owned, held by Xplain Corporation.
The Spectator is a weekly British conservative magazine on politics, culture, and current affairs.
Former Ben Wicks Award Winners and Illustrators for Drug Facts For Young People Book
Coast covers all aspects of living by the sea: homes, gardens, travel, food and health.
The magazine was founded in 1992 by Karol Martesko-Fenster, Scott Macaulay and Holly Willis.
'Downtime' is a section of the magazine which included a 2 column Dilbert.
Anamika was an early newsletter for South Asian lesbians and bisexual women.
The Writer's Chronicle "presents essays, articles, news, and information designed to enlighten, inform, and entertain writers, editors, students, and teachers of writing."
It was first published in June 1927 as The American Dancer.
It features more of these and fewer of the flowcharts, style, fashion and quizzes.
It also features cultural commentary and interviews with artists, animators, other magazines, and so on.
It has been published by Luciana Tufani publishing since its inception and the editor is Luciana Tufani.
It is published by Performing Arts Resources, LLC, of East Windsor, New Jersey.
Although its coverage is primarily of the Northern Hemisphere, coverage of Southern Hemisphere tropical cyclones occurred between July 1973 and 1995.
Green Car Journal is a quarterly publication created in 1992 that focuses on green vehicles and environmentally friendly energy and technologies.
The back cover often mocks Arsenal's rivals or unpopular players.
The publication contained articles about film personalities, relationships, fashion and the film companies.
Vue Weekly is an alternative weekly newspaper published in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada and with new issues coming out every Thursday.
This epitomized Joe magazine's aim; readers were encouraged to do the same, and enter into a dialogue with the character, and thus the magazine.
It is published bi-monthly and covers architecture, interior design, landscape architecture, and facility management.
Initially edited and owned by Željko Cvijanović, the magazine devoted equal attention to political, social and economic issues, as well as to culture and entertainment topics.
The magazine contains editorial content about information technology in the public-sector, primarily in state and local government.
The magazine's motto: "Every detail has a meaning".
Business Today is headquartered in Princeton, New Jersey, and run by Princeton University undergraduates.
The new version of KFTV maintains the Kemps content but with new enhancements and features to give the website a modern look and feel.
All issues since August 2006 are available online to current subscribers.
Jasad is an Arabic-language cultural magazine based in Beirut, specializing in the literature, art and science of the body.
Current Editor-In-Chief of Svet kompjutera is Nenad Vasovic.
With a strong rock music bias, the magazine also focuses on cinema and the arts, and now has a separate dance music section.
Throughout the 1930s and 40s, Ascoli became a prominent American anti-fascist, cultivating relationships with influential intellectuals and government officials.
Donya ye Bazi was an Iranian biweekly Persian-language computer games magazine.
The debate fed into the broader discussions of "Britishness" that have become increasingly common in the public sphere.
Jerome Hart became the magazine's editor in 1891.
Eddie awards are granted annually by Folio magazine for excellence in editorial content.
Most of the staff went on to work at ST Format with Amiga Format essentially being a whole new magazine.
It was launched in March 2008 with two purposes: to write for and about the poor, and to provide them with jobs to make a living.
Often, reviews of the games that were featured on the CD were included within the magazine.
Proprietorship of the periodical passed in 1898/9 to the Scottish Single Tax League.
Le Courrier français was a Liberal French journal that appeared from 1820 to 1851.
The original Review, subtitled "Illustrated journal of travelling, expeditions, et cetera," featured mostly articles on popular ethnography and geography, while focusing on high quality illustrations.
It was a counterpart of Egg magazine, which focused on Gyaru-oh fashions – it was the gyaru-oh bible.
It covers a range of topics including politics, business, food, fashion, and lifestyle in the state of Maine.
It won the Christopher Ewart-Biggs Memorial Prize for 1982.
Loutkář is a Czech theatre magazine providing information about the Czech, Slovak and world puppet theatre.
The name Christophorus is based on Saint Christopher, the patron saint of travellers.
It is the largest publication of its kind in the United States and is the official publication of Historic Sportscar Racing.
The latest news articles summarizing key insights are now right on the front page and not just discussion forums.
Half of the readership do not follow a strict vegetarian diet.
Al Ahram Al Arabi is an Arabic political weekly magazine published in Egypt.
Gość Niedzielny is a Polish weekly conservative Catholic news magazine.
With the game Virtual Fairground targeted a younger audience.
A total of fifteen issues of Farmerphile were published, from July 2005 through January 2009.
In June 2006, the magazine launched  a daily Internet news and features service.
The name changed to She Kicks, then Fair Game in 2003, before reverting to She Kicks in December 2009.
Its headquarters is in New York City.
Each issue contains a variety of features, including artist interviews and profiles, record reviews, and a monthly Top 25 national blues radio chart.
The front cover was originally accented by a logotype reading "RUN", with each letter placed on a key button resembling those used on the C-64.
Solaris is a Canadian francophone science-fiction and fantasy magazine.
It was first published in 1973 starting with issue #1 of DW which was edited by Walter W. Buchanan and published in January 1974.
In 2011, Next City ceased publication of its quarterly print magazine, relaunching in 2012 as a fully digital operation.
The initial publication of the EFY Group was Electronics For You, a monthly electronics magazine that was first published in 1969.
Kitsch is a magazine jointly produced by students of Cornell University and Ithaca College.
Simon Dumenco, the "Media Guy", is one of its columnists.
Films of the Golden Age is a quarterly magazine devoted to films and movie stars from the 1910-1960 film era in Hollywood.
Woman was published by Time Inc. UK.
The magazine ran from May 1900 to November 1909.
In November 2010 the magazine launched its website.
Since 1922, The Chanticleer has provided community news to the students, faculty and staff of Averett.
All You was a women’s monthly magazine published by Time Inc. and sold at Walmart, Sam's Club and via subscription.
In November 2000 it merged with its sister Future plc magazine Nintendo World.
It carries the tagline, "For everyone who hasn't read everything."
The format would also go on influence other magazines including Fast Car, and the now defunct Revs and Redline.
For the Australian magazine, see Your Computer.
It was founded by Martin Ahlquist, Lars Grafström, Karin Pettersson and Martin Ådahl.
It also publishes general and targeted product/service buying guides.
The magazine appears in early June each year.
“Country Life” was dropped from the title; addressing a broader demographic appeal to eating locally grown foods and a simpler lifestyle.
Marie Claire magazine also covers health, beauty, and fashion topics.
It commonly features stories, articles and advertisements about life on a ranch, work, and products thereof.
Other members include A Bola, Don Balón, Kicker, La Gazzetta dello Sport and Sport Express.
It was available through distribution in Manhattan, Brooklyn, Queens, and Hoboken.
It originated as a manga imprint for Enix before merging into the statutory company of Square Enix.
Comics that merged into The Beezer during its 37-year run were Cracker in 1976, and Plug in 1979.
Samantha Hannah edits the "master" print edition in New Zealand.
Newsweek ceased print publication with the December 31, 2012, issue and transitioned to an all-digital format, called Newsweek Global.
In online surveys conducted by the magazine, 23 percent of the readers identify as heterosexual.
Escort is published by Paul Raymond Publications  which also releases other similar titles including, Club International, Mayfair, Men Only, Men's World, and Razzle.
The magazine combines the aesthetics of 1990s slacker culture and pre-industrial revolution idealism.
Popteen is one of Asia's top fashion magazines.
Bismoi is a leading entertainment Assamese monthly magazine published from Guwahati, Assam since 1968.
The Africana Libraries Newsletter is published in October and March of each year.
Comic Yuri Hime S was a quarterly yuri manga magazine published by Ichijinsha.
Its impact established it as an essential reference tool on cinema on the continent.
The model Ryoko Tanami is frequently featured in Classy, a version of JJ targeted to women aged between 24 and 28.
It was originally devoted to the Catholic response to social issues, taking a distributist stance sceptical of the welfare state.
The December 1970 issue of the Relief Society Magazine was its last.
In January 2007, Film was purchased by Platforma Mediowa Point Group.
It has sections for criticism of poetry, theater, art, music, the media, and books.
Dirt Rag is a mountain bike magazine based out of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
The magazine was formerly published on a monthly basis.
Link, Karen Joy Fowler, and Ursula K. Le Guin are among the most prominent of writers who have published in LCRW.
After 14 issues they ran out of funds and closed down.
Beginning in January 2017, the magazine published online only.
The magazine was the first electronic magazine in Russian and became very popular.
Joanna Ruocco's "If the Man Took" - 2014 Pushcart Prize
Mass Appeal is an American media and content company based in New York City.
Eisenbahn Kurier, or EK, is a monthly magazine published in Freiburg, Germany, whose focus is on railway and model railway themes.
It was edited in Cairo by Ibrahīm Al-Yāziǧī and Bišāra Zalzal and was the successor of the medical journal aṭ-Ṭabīb.
Newsweek is an American weekly news magazine founded in 1933.
Its first issue was published in January 2005.
These included models made by Eligor and Norev, instead of the Universal Hobbies models used later.
Many of the popular series in Magazine Special were transferred there from other Kodansha publications like Weekly Shōnen Magazine after their initial run.
The headquarters of the magazine which is published on a monthly basis is in Sao Paulo.
The magazine primarily offers reviews on guns, ammunition, and shooting gear; as well as gunsmithing tips, historical articles, gun collecting, self-defense, and alerts on gun rights.
From there, it expanded to various European countries, including France and over to Canada.
Launched in 1987, it is the longest-running magazine of this genre.
From its inception, The Irrawaddy has taken an independent stance on Burmese politics.
Tiempo, also known as El Tiempo and Tiempo de hoy, is a Spanish language weekly news magazine published in Spain.
In Italy it represented the leading magazine in its field and frequently sold more than 100,000 copies.
It offers advice on various aspects of PCs and related items, the Internet, and other personal-technology products and services.
It also had its own independent All-Rookie team which began in 1971 and its own All-pro team which began in the 1980s.
Originally the manga in Shōjo Comic were very tame, and rarely featured anything that could be considered sexual in content, not even kissing scenes.
Cycle Active was a cycling magazine published 13 times a year by IPC Media.
In addition, the introduction of colour television into Canada in the late 1960s also hurt the magazine.
In 2000 the title was relaunched as an internet-based e-magazine; from 2005, some of the content has been published in yearbooks.
The first issue of the PinGame Journal was published in May, 1991, and was distributed to 85 subscribers who paid the subscription rate on faith.
According to its website, it is dedicated to promoting lesser-known talent and being the first to introduce its readership to promising new artists.
It is one of the most respected magazines in the country.
^ "E - The Environmental Magazine circulation".
Regular columns on science fiction, puzzles, hobby projects, crosswords are also present.
In 2009, the magazine was purchased by WiesnerMedia, a suburban Denver-based publishing company.
Gyro has been largely replaced with a weekly digital news-letter style publication, StudentNews.
Booking is a monthly manhwa anthology published by the South Korean Haksanpub.
Womankind is an ad-free newsstand women's magazine distributed throughout the UK, Australia, NZ, Europe, Asia, the US, and Canada.
Broadsheet was a monthly New Zealand feminist magazine produced in Auckland from 1972 to 1997.
It was printed at Thiruvananthapuram and distributed throughout Kerala.
Ziligurti was a humour magazine published monthly in North Cyprus between 2005 and 2006.
The magazine features original content about designing the places where we live, work, play and socialize.
As of December 30, 2014, TheBlaze was available on over 100 television providers, with eleven of those being in the top 25 nationwide.
The magazine also contains major features and analysis on individual operas and people associated with opera.
Jackie was a weekly British magazine for girls.
Dengeki Bunko Magazine is a Japanese light novel magazine published by ASCII Media Works.
Guns is a magazine dedicated to firearms, hunting, competition shooting, reloading, and other shooting-related activities in the United States.
It was directly focused on the Sgt.
In the 1870s it was transformed into a mouthpiece of the Narodnik movement.
The editorial staff all have old cars that they work to keep running.
After an eight-month hiatus, Campbell announced that a seventh issue was in the works.
Following the closure of the print edition, MicroScope is now available only online and in a monthly digital format.
From 1960 onward, CACM also published algorithms, expressed in ALGOL.
There were regular columns on adventure gaming from two successive contributors under the pseudonyms "Alice through the VDU" and "The Mad Hatter".
Little India is believed to be the largest overseas Indian publication in the world.
There were several "columns" which appeared almost in every issue.
Tom McGrath, Executive Vice President, Content and Strategy
Esquire is an American men's magazine, published by the Hearst Corporation in the United States.
It was one of the first venues through which poet Carson Cistulli published his writings from November 2007 to March 2008.
Lincoln Michel's "If It Were Anyone Else' - 2015 Pushcart Prize
Consequently, the publication raised several thousand dollars for Canadian charities far and wide.
Volume 1 of The Wargamer was rolled into Strategy & Tactics and ceased to exist.
Gentleman was an English language literary magazine published in India from 1980 to 2001.
It was started in November, 1987 by Leo Simpson.
The journal has an impact factor of 0.460.
If the subscription is obtained through registration in the Boy Scouts of America program, the publisher selects the appropriate edition based on the boy's age.
Sabujpatra initially contained writings from Rabindranath Tagore, Satyendranath Dutta and the editor himself.
Billed Bladet is a Danish language weekly entertainment and royal magazine published in Copenhagen, Denmark.
Also, there was a translation competition in order to translate certain French into Ottoman terms.
A gundog section offers advice on training and breeding, as well as reporting on gundog trials around the country.
It is the oldest and longest-running RISC OS magazine.
The magazine is based in Orem, Utah in the United States.
The editors are Deborah Chasman and philosopher Joshua Cohen; Pulitzer Prize-winning writer Junot Díaz is the fiction editor.
A regular chess column was also included, written by James Pierce.
The title is Latin for "Things to be believed/things to be done".
It was mainly an instrument of propaganda for the German Reich’s policy towards the East.
Poetry Ireland Review is a journal of Irish poetry published three times a year by Poetry Ireland, the national Irish poetry organisation.
The magazine publishes literature news and criticism.
In 2009, according to BCBusiness magazine, The Tyee had a growing British Columbia readership, up 77 percent since 2007 to approximately 175,000 unique visitors a month.
Al Ahram Al Riyadi is an Arabic weekly sports magazine published in Cairo, Egypt.
Now being named as just Brio, the first new issue has Sadie Robertson on the cover.
It also publishes one-off guides to specific areas of computing, and downloadable technology guides under the brand 'Guidaroo'.
Mark A. Altman is the co-creator and executive producer of the show while Williams is credited as co-executive producer.
As of April 2011, its circulation was claimed to be 30,000.
Shelf Awareness is an American publishing company that produces two electronic publications/newsletters focused on bookselling, books and book reviews.
The owner and editor was Gheorghe Asachi.
Box 101011, a box number chosen for its binary appearance.
Company was a monthly fashion, celebrity and lifestyle magazine published in the United Kingdom.
Daisy Bacon served as longtime editor of the magazine, from about 1928 through its end.
American Short Fiction sponsors two annual short fiction contests, the American Short Fiction Contest, judged in 2016 by Justin Torres, and the American Short(er) Fiction Prize.
In 2009, the magazine produced an anthology, Proud to be Flesh: A Mute Magazine Anthology of Cultural Politics After the Net, published by Autonomedia.
Microfinance Insights was an international print magazine, published quarterly.
The motto of the magazine is Loud, Fast, Real, which emphasizes its more budget-oriented approach to automobile building.
MNI Entertainment, a subsidiary of Indonesia's biggest media conglomerate Media Nusantara Citra.
More sophisticated electrical machines did specialized analog calculations in the early 20th century.
The magazine typically had between 50 and 100 pages in total.
They also run a by-admission-only summer writers' workshop held at Reed College.
These people sometimes communicate to each other using cartoons, turning the 'Cartoon Playground' into something like a social networking site.
They are now assisted by Art Directors Alex Barrow and Maggie Li.
Cicero is a monthly German magazine focusing on politics and culture.
It was founded in 1911 in Chicago, the same year that J. Stuart Blackton founded Motion Picture Story, a magazine also directed at fans.
The move was a result of a merger between the current R&R and Radio Monitor after VNU Media acquired R&R on July 6, 2006.
is a monthly German news magazine published in Germany.
It aims to provide a platform for intellectual journalism covering a wide range of academic disciplines.
Los Angeles Lakers guard Steve Nash answers readers' questions in his "Straight Shooter" column.
Renamed Chicagoland Golf in the Spring of 2013 under the publishing company name of "Chicagoland Golf Media, Inc." established in May 2010.
In the inter-war period, many isolated rural localities did not have primary schools, and the students were required to have their education by correspondence.
Its issues typically feature a symposium around which a number of essays are organized.
Originally published in Boston, Massachusetts in 1939, Salt Water Sportsman expanded from its roots covering New England waters to address saltwater fishing issues throughout the world.
It was presented in 2010 by comic Rufus Hound.
See Magazine was a free alternative weekly published in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.
After the economical crisis in Cuba in the 90’s, the Journal changed to a digital format.
There have been eleven editors of the magazine since 1941, The current editor is Noel Carmody.
At the height of its success the magazines sold over 170,000 copies per month, topping 200,000 with its most successful ever issue.
It is distributed throughout the United Kingdom and internationally.
Ehrich published the magazine until his death in 2002.
Shabakeh is an Iranian information technology magazine founded in 1998 by Hormoz Pur Rostami.
The publishers pay a licence fee to the Society, which is used to fund the advancement of exploration and research and the promotion of geographical knowledge.
It ceased publication abruptly in 1997, following the death of co-founder Kathy Keeton, and closed down in 1998.
Focus on the Family's stated mission is "nurturing and defending the God-ordained institution of the family and promoting biblical truths worldwide".
Elder illustrated Kurtzman's satire of television's rigged Twenty One quiz show, and Davis spoofed the Elia Kazan film of Tennessee Williams' Baby Doll.
A weekly electronic newsletter, American Libraries Direct, has been published since 2006.
The magazine was acquired by Star group in 2015 and subsequently closed down.
7x7 was a city-living-focused fashion, lifestyle, food, culture, opinion and entertainment digital, print, mobile, social, commerce and events activation platform, covering the San Francisco Bay Area.
Teen Mom, renamed Teen Mom OG since the fifth season, is an American reality television series that premiered on December 8, 2009 on MTV.
1 to 10 "New Series" or "N.S."
Cowles Magazines and Broadcasting bought the magazine in 1962.
The magazine features pinup style photographs and articles geared towards dominant women.
After Harp folded in March 2008, Blurt was founded by Harp owner Scott Crawford.
In the summer of 1992 he revived the magazine, which is published to this day.
Flaunt is an independent magazine currently published six times a year with international distribution.
It was from A-YA that people first heard the names Eric Bulatov, Ilya Kabakov, Dmitry Prigov and many others.
In the bodies section athletes were featured on and off the field.
The summer magazine is issued in June, about 1–2 months before the start of preseason football.
Edible Brooklyn hosts numerous annual events such as Good Beer and Brooklyn Uncorked.
Transatlantic Review was a literary journal founded and edited by Joseph F. McCrindle in 1959, and published at first in Rome, then London and New York.
Axess is published nine time a year.
The topic of Communism was clearly important for the IWW.
Each issue includes book reviews, memorials of deceased members, and club activities.
Melodymag covers Iranian and World music news and introduces Iranian and World musicians, singers and bands.
Sommelier India - The Wine Magazine is an Indian wine magazine dedicated to wine and the culture surrounding wine.
Self is an American magazine for women that specializes in health, wellness, beauty, and style.
Franklin M. Reck was managing editor from 1936 to 1941.
Beside that, in past there were editions in Mexico, Dominican Republic and Croatia, but they ended with their publishing.
As with its sister publication Video Boy, the magazine specializes in nude photo sets of present and aspiring Japanese AV Idols.
The series are also published in book form as Sunday GX Comics.
at Worcester Art Museum in Worcester, Massachusetts.
Math Horizons is a magazine aimed at undergraduates interested in mathematics, published by the Mathematical Association of America.
Most of the readers are educated Muslim youth.
In 1954 the journal was transferred to ANZAAS – the Australian and New Zealand Association for the Advancement of Science.
It is one of the "Seven Sisters", a group of women's service magazines.
'Blueprint takes architecture and design as its starting point and brings these thing into sharp focus via context, comment and analysis.
Dena Montague and Frida Berrigan, "The Business of War in the Democratic Republic Of Congo: Who benefits?
The magazine contains manga comics, computer game reviews, merchandise promotions and gifts.
CD-ROM Today was the highest-selling review magazine for both Macintosh and PC users in 1996.
It featured art deco illustrations, caricatures, photographs, poetry, and articles concerning artists, actors, dancers, the theatre, and music.
It is the longest continuous running publication of its kind.
Blue Water Sailing is a magazine about and for blue water sailors.
Pentacle is a Neopagan magazine that began publication in February 2002.
It started in the summer of 1985 and there were three issues a year until 1992, when it became quarterly.
It is issued monthly on the 20th in perfect-bound B5 format and retails for 540 yen.
and in October 1994, Comic Comp ceased publication.
The annual "Am Law 100" and "Am Law 200" surveys, which rank United States law firms by number of attorneys, profits per partner, and overall revenue
NUVO is a Canadian quarterly lifestyle magazine founded by Canadian entrepreneur Pasquale Cusano in 1998.
It possessed plenty of professional fashion models, however, they were not necessarily models under exclusive contract with Bis.
The design of the magazine is similar to its predecessors Next Level and Gameplay.
The editor and publisher was Edwin S. Grosvenor, who went on to edit American Heritage magazine.
Aasha Mehreen Amin serves as editor of the magazine, Ahmede Hussain is its Assistant Editor.
From July 1972 to 1987, it appeared on a monthly basis.
Spicer brought a rare maturity to fanzines that had been conspicuously absent.
All the World's Futures, the 2015 Venice Biennale was curated by Okwui Enwezor.
Top Gear: Turbo Challenge ceased publishing after issue 52 once the Platinum card set was completed.
It is particularly notable for its classified advertisements for domestic service and child care; it also has extensive listings of holiday properties.
The magazine was established in June 2000 and first released in 2001.
The number of visitors to tjols.com, which features stories analyzing current life sciences news and trends, has been rising steadily from a small base.
It is published six times during the academic year.
Its regular contributing writers include Brian Glanville, Sid Lowe and Tim Vickery.
Published by Silvia Ichar, the magazine reaches Southern California Latinos through its local distribution, as well as subscription base.
Since February 2008, an English-language version has been released in North America by Tokyopop.
The magazine covers various forms of arts including paintings, performances, architecture, sculpture and films.
The first edition ran to 52 pages, and 500 copies were distributed free throughout the University immediately after the Union Society debate.
The same year the titles faded away.
The Botanical Magazine; or Flower-Garden Displayed, is an illustrated publication which began in 1787.
Paul Boyer, author and education consultant, was the founding editor.
It cost 35 cents a copy at the newsstand, at a time when the weekly Saturday Evening Post cost 10 cents a copy.
is a monthly showbiz-oriented magazine from the Philippines published by Summit Media.
Fighter Toads are fictional toads features in Raj Comics.
National Lampoon was an American humor magazine which ran from 1970 to 1998.
Juxtapoz Art & Culture Magazine is a magazine created in 1994 by a group of artists and collectors including Robert Williams, Fausto Vitello, C.R.
The Luce Life was the first all-photographic American news magazine, and it dominated the market for more than 40 years.
Editors included Hoppy, David Mairowitz, Peter Stansill, Barry Miles, Jim Haynes and playwright Tom McGrath.
However, localized editions are released simultaneously in Argentina, Chile, Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, Brazil, United States, Puerto Rico and the Dominican Republic.
At about the same time Street & Smith sold the magazine to Condé Nast.
From 1980 to 2009 a print edition was issued weekly, every Sunday.
According to its website, the magazine is distributed free to around 150,000 alumni around the world and also by subscription.
The magazine recommended flexibility in trying to redeem frequent-flyer miles and points.
Most issues offer articles on arts, crafts, architecture, history and foodways of Western North Carolina.
It was originally published by News Corporation, and it became the property of Hachette Filipacchi in 1995.
El Gráfico is a classic monthly Argentine sports magazine.
The Canadian version has a readership of 6000, while the American version has a circulation of over 60,000.
Such computers are used as control systems for a very wide variety of industrial and consumer devices.
Star Showbiz is a weekly tabloid from the Daily Star in Bangladesh.
Flux was a short-lived magazine in the mid-1990s which focused on music, comic books and video games.
It is published biweekly in London, and is also posted online “www.al-fateh.net”.
Canon Press, another ministry of Christ Church, also produces an audio edition.
Singer left in 2012 and was replaced by Deborah Needleman.
Contingencies is mailed to members of the Academy and targeted individuals such as legislators and their staffs, regulators, business executives, and related organizations.
The magazine was first published in 1982.
Journal is a bi-annual non-profit art & literary journal founded in 2006.
L’Obs [ɔps], previously known as Le Nouvel Observateur, is a weekly French news magazine.
launched another print edition, published in India every two months, which subsequently became a monthly publication.
The magazine did give away a number of free gifts with its early issues, although their relevance to readers was questionable.
A Chinese print magazine and website are also available, both in Mandarin.
La Salamandre is a Swiss French-language magazine about nature.
Archive is a membership magazine for users of the Acorn Archimedes personal computer and related RISC OS hardware.
Its articles cover virtually every parish, region and city in Norway but its readers and subscribers are not limited to Norway.
In 2011 it relaunched as on online magazine publishing new material.
Osho Times was a monthly magazine in the Hindi and English language on themes related to spiritual teacher Osho, and based on his talks.
Many influential shōjo manga ran in Shōjo Comic during the 1970s.
The survey focuses on the student accommodation experience at university and within private sector accommodation.
It is published by Rhinegold Publishing, and the editor is Kimon Daltas.
Mix is published by NewBay Media, who bought it from Penton Media in 2011.
FHM was the Australian edition of the British monthly men's lifestyle magazine called FHM.
It is the largest circulation illustrated weekly in all three countries; the Norwegian version has sometimes had the largest weekly circulation in Scandinavia.
It was portrayed as an upscale and sophisticated type of magazine.
It was published by Quigley Publishing Co., which also published the Motion Picture Herald.
Sound on Sound is an independently owned monthly music technology magazine published by SOS Publications Group, based in Cambridge, United Kingdom.
Kevätpörriäinen is an annual Finnish magazine in Helsinki.
These first three issues were printed on art paper and had four pages each.
It was started by Meigher Communications in 1994.
The guide book publishes a list of the top ten most popular light novels and their characters according to readers polled on the Internet.
When The Bookman ceased publication in 1933, Collins launched The American Review.
It was published every two months, with the first issue going on sale in January 2007.
The magazine was published by Dennis Publishing Ltd. until 2004, when it was acquired by Future plc along with Computer And Video Games for £2.5m.
The magazine is financially supported by the Austrian National Science Foundation.
AR: Absolute Return + Alpha is a hedge fund magazine founded in 2009.
Jones, Jena von Brücker, Caroline Azar, Johnny Noxzema and Rex; Jen Smith; and Erin Smith of Bratmobile.
Billed as "The How-To-Do Magazine," Mechanix Illustrated aimed to guide readers through various projects from home improvements and advice on repairs to "build-your-own."
Talking Art is an indispensable collection of the best of Art Monthly's interviews since the magazine's inception in the early seventies.
It was controversial for its frank discussion of government busts and its indirect involvement in various feuds.
It was edited and published by Sambit Bal and Rajib Sarkar.
Metronome Magazine was a music magazine published from 1881 until 1961.
The magazine covered the current black music scene in both the UK and around the rest of the world.
The magazine was previously published by Wiley-Blackwell.
As well as being sold in the UK, PLAY is also sold in Australia.
Stranger was a bi-monthly creative lifestyle magazine based in Falmouth, Cornwall, United Kingdom that focused on the alternative, creative, non-metrocentric side of British culture.
was the first German manga magazine aimed at boys.
The magazine prides itself in having "500 reviews in every issue, written by a freelance staff of over 80 writers and music critics."
The publication was funded by Florida businessman Jack P. Hunt.
In 1918, the journal was bought by the George H. Doran Company and then sold in 1927 to Burton Rascoe and Seward B. Collins.
As a result, the character of the magazine changed.
The early 2000s saw the introduction of prominent rivals, and the development of specialist gaming magazines like the PC-focused Play.
The magazine offers information, inspiration, and instruction related to acoustic guitars for players of all levels from beginners to teachers.
Feature articles, tutorials, reviews, and commentary by some of the most important, creative, and eloquent programmers in the Macintosh universe.
Plastics News focuses on commercial, financial, legislative and market-related developments worldwide that affect North American plastic product manufacturers and their suppliers and customers.
The magazine was based in Boca Raton, Florida until September 10, 2015 when it moved to New York City.
The company provides treasury and risk management software and specializes in market risk management.
Popular sellers included phrases such as Got Rice?, Got Sushi?, Got Adobo?
Its goals are to promote Asian filmmaking internationally and to help Asian national cinemas gain wider international recognition.
In 2009 the ACP awarded it third place.
The magazine has often been associated with a Kugel readership.
The magazine is currently owned by former Oklahoma Sooners gymnastics coach and Stanford graduate, Paul Ziert and his company, Paul Ziert & Associates, Inc.
It is also noted for its opposition to the Cuban embargo.
Sean Aaberg says that he quit his day job after reading Gene Simmons' biography and set out to create what would eventually become PORK.
The following is a list of notable manga magazines that were, and are published outside of Japan.
Though no new issues were created, all the past issues have been uploaded by users and are downloadable in multiple formats.
It is available at major bookstores, targeting a wide range of readers and advertisers in key markets.
It is one of the oldest magazines in the country.
The magazine is currently published on a quarterly basis from New England.
Ancestry Magazine was a general interest genealogy magazine owned by Ancestry.com Operations Inc.
In July 2010 it was announced by Future plc that PC Zone was to close.
Games for Windows: The Official Magazine was a monthly computer game magazine published by Ziff Davis Media, licensing the Games for Windows brand from Microsoft Corporation.
It is owned by Hearst Magazines, who purchased prior owner Hachette Filipacchi Media U.S. in 2011.
This initiative was supported by the Philological Society in Bucharest, an organization consisting of Greek intellectuals.
Since then there have been no further issues, although the website has for some time promised a new PDF version is on its way.
Following the 2007 discontinuation of Weekly World News as a separate publication, Sun began printing a small "pull-out" insert of Weekly World News stories and columns.
The magazine is written and edited by American and Russian staffers and freelancers.
After his death, Sepia was bought by Beatrice Pringle, who had been part of Blackwell's founding editorial team.
The journal is published quarterly by Routledge.
In 1998 Gnosis won Utne Reader Alternative Press Award for "best spiritual coverage".
On 19 December 2016, TeamRock called in the administrators with the loss of 73 jobs, after experiencing financial difficulties, and suspended publication of all three titles.
The company publishes Business New Europe, a monthly English language magazine as well as a daily news website and email newsletters.
Albina Românească was a Romanian-language bi-weekly political and literary magazine, printed in Iaşi, Moldavia, at two intervals during the Regulamentul Organic period.
Armadillo was founded in 1999 as a print-based magazine, but moved to its current web-based format in 2004.
One reviewer postulated that ArtCrimes was the most significant publication of the Cleveland underground art scene in recent history.
This individual ran a one-man publishing empire on the streets of Kinshasa.
zingmagazine is affiliated with the Dikeou collection in Denver, a non-profit contemporary art collection started by Devon Dikeou and her brother Pany.
It aims to "publish a high standard of articles about all aspects of software development".
Reviews on knives, packs, clothing and survival gear; as well as first aid tips, historical articles, self-defense and foraging.
It was founded in 2003 as a free alternative webzine published monthly from Harlem, New York.
In December 2008, Cafcaf became independent and started to be sold as single.
First published in December 1954, it is a long-running magazine with over 60 years of manga publication history.
Bookmarks is a bimonthly American literary magazine dedicated to general readers, book groups, and librarians.
It is the first magazine about autism in Latin America and the first in the world on this syndrome.
Esprit de Corps is a Canadian military magazine operating out of Ottawa, Ontario, by publisher and former soldier Scott Taylor.
The 32-page first issue featured a front cover by Elder.
B. Lippincott of Philadelphia until 1914, then by McBride, Nast & Co.
It was founded in Philadelphia in 1883 by Francis Richter, Thomas Sotesbury Dando, and August Rudolph.
The Lesbian Tide was an American lesbian newspaper that was first published in 1971 and discontinued in 1980.
If was an American science fiction magazine launched in March 1952 by Quinn Publications, owned by James L. Quinn.
Veranda is a lifestyle magazine with a focus on the home, and had a circulation of 476,539 copies in 2012.
West Magazine has received numerous awards and has been recognized both for its articles and investigative journalism, as well as its art design.
Started as a weekly in 1925, the magazine is now published 47 times annually, with five of these issues covering two-week spans.
The magazine was founded by U Thein in Yangon but later taken over by U Hla and moved to Mandalay in 1933.
The contributing editors included Len Feldman, Glenn Hauser, Forrest Mims and Don Lancaster.
It is a youth magazine writing about topics related to youth, activism, culture and environmentalism.
Roy Jenkins noted that earlier contributors were aware of U.S. funding, but believed it came from philanthropists including a Cincinnati gin distiller.
As of 2008, the circulation of Young King OURs was 68,000 copies.
The articles in the magazine are about beauty, style, fashion, sex, relationships, celebrities etc.
The magazine has readers in about 90 countries of the world.
Tiger was an American men's magazine that featured photographs of pin-up girls as well as journalism and fiction.
Iskusstvo — the oldest of the currently published in Russia art magazines.
Vogue began as a weekly newspaper in 1892 in the United States, before becoming a monthly publication years later.
It contained a multitude of articles in a plurality of topics, such as nature, technology, science, space, history, travel, art and statistics.
Thus, UN Special offers dialogue and reflection to renew a spirit of cooperation and humanitarianism, not only for international Geneva, but also worldwide.
GMR was launched in February 2003, being sold in only the Electronics Boutique chain of video game stores.
The content focuses on the month's events around the country and entertaining activities to experience while visiting or residing in Korea.
In 2008 and 2009, "Sojourners" won the first place "best in class" award from both religious press associations.
True Tunes News was a magazine which covered alternative Christian music.
The magazine's publishing ended when the printing press was sold in 1883.
Publication was stopped in 1887, but was resumed in 1892, with Marcus Brann and David Kaufmann as joint editors.
Numbers was a literary magazine published twice a year in Cambridge, England, between 1986 and 1990.
Metro Report International is a quarterly business journal for urban transport professionals which covers the metro, light rail, tram and commuter rail industries worldwide.
VISTA is also part of the international development of Duksung Women's University and recently published a special edition for UNWP.
Mean is an American bi-monthly magazine that covers a wide spectrum of pop culture, focusing on celebrities in the fields of music, fashion, art, and film.
First Things is an ecumenical, conservative and, in some views, neoconservative religious journal aimed at "advanc[ing] a religiously informed public philosophy for the ordering of society".
It is distributed across the entire MENA region.
Audio magazine was a periodical published from 1947 to 2000, and was America's longest-running audio magazine.
The frequency of publication was anticipated to be a ninety-six page glossy every two months.
The magazine was launched on October 1998 as a literary contribution of the students at the University.
This increased the brand's print circulation to its current level, as of October 2012, of about 60,000.
The magazine is published four times a year by My Passion Media.
Super employs simple language to explain complex topics to the general public.
Prabodhanam is a weekly Islamic magazine published in Malayalam from Kozhikode(Calicut) in Kerala, India.
Liberty is a magazine published by the Seventh-day Adventist Church that covers issues involving separation of church and state, and current events in politics.
In 1983, the magazine was drawn into a battle between staff members regarding WQED's involvement with Nancy Reagan's anti-drug campaign.
the authoritative, worldwide voice of international professional road racing, distributed in every country where there are English-speaking fans.
Ms. first appeared in 1971 as an insert in New York magazine.
Collecticus was first published in September 2004 as a monthly 36-page A5 magazine.
Complex currently reaches over 120 million unique users per month across its owned and operated and partner sites, socials and YouTube channels.
It appears monthly, with a circulation of 1,500.
InfoWorld is an information technology media business.
The magazine primarily offers reviews on firearms, ammunition, knives, and shooting gear; as well as gunsmithing tips, historical articles, gun collecting, self-defense and automobiles.
During this time, popular series such as Haikara-san ga Tōru and Seito Shokun!
It is published 4 times a year by 8020 Publishing, which focuses on photography.
"The Spear," a black James Bond-like crime fighter as the central character.
Socialist Standard is a monthly socialist magazine published without interruption since September 1904 by the Socialist Party of Great Britain.
For the 2015 annual fall almanac edition, the title was shortened to Harrowsmith's Almanac.
Nigerian Entertainment Today is a newspaper in Nigeria.
The magazine content includes the history and design of postage stamps, and other related themes.
Asian Woman is a fashion and lifestyle glossy catering to South-Asian women.
In the same year Virtual Fairground also developed a development platform for Flash-based 3D MMO's; this enige was called The Ride.
Like all monthly shonen manga magazines, Monthly Shonen Sirius is aimed at late teens and people in their early 20s from ages 16 to 21.
Books+Publishing magazine is the quarterly journal of the Australian book industry and is one of Australia's oldest surviving magazines.
Sporting's football youth academy system has developed players such as Paulo Futre, Simão, Nani, Ricardo Quaresma and Ballon d'Or recipients Cristiano Ronaldo and Luís Figo.
The magazine was aimed at young people 18-35 and is independent of any political party.
In 2006, it had a circulation of 3.75 million and revenue expected to top $1.5 billion.
Approximately 50% of the pages in a typical issue of Dwell are used for advertising.
Trains is a monthly US magazine dedicated to trains and railroads, and is one of the two flagship publications of Kalmbach Publishing.
There can also be articles on military leaders, weapons, eyewitness accounts, and other war-related topics.
Two days before the magazine's launch in 1852, a warehouse fire destroyed the first batch of The Leisure Hour, so replacement copies had to be printed.
Currently, the Editor-in-Chief is Ed Gallenstein, who also is the President of the NWCA.
It is based in São Paulo, Brazil.
It has been published in London since 1896.
B. Maclean, established the magazine to provide a uniquely Canadian perspective on current affairs and to "entertain but also inspire its readers".
Editor Mills also relocated to Raleigh, assisting Judge in both running the store and publishing the magazine.
BBC Knowledge Magazine was a magazine covering science, nature and history which was launched in 2008; it closed in November 2012.
It can be found on college campuses in Los Angeles, San Francisco, San Diego, Phoenix and Tucson, as well as at many off-campus retail locations.
Howard Bergerson took over as editor-in-chief for 1969, but stepped down when Greenwood Periodicals dropped the publication.
2010 had a single event, 2011 had seven events, and 2012 has fifteen events.
It originally launched on October 14, 1980.
Originally titled Journal of the American Institute of Architects from January 1944 through 1951, the magazine changed its name to The American Institute of Architects Journal.
At Help!, Gilliam met Cleese for the first time, resulting in their collaboration years later on Monty Python's Flying Circus.
Noticias de la Semana is a weekly newsmagazine in Spanish published in Argentina, where it is known simply as Noticias.
The magazine is part of Enventys, a product development company, which was founded by Louis Foreman.
It began being published as National Sculpture Review in 1951 and is published on a quarterly basis.
The magazine is read by over 1,500,000 and is distributed in Canadian theaters six times a year with a circulation of 500,000.
In December 2010 it acquired the Philadelphia food blog Foobooz, and in 2012 acquired Tim McManus's and Sheil Kapadia's Birds 24/7.
Charlie Mensuel was a French monthly comics magazine.
It is the oldest magazine in the state of Hawai and is the longest published magazine west of the Mississippi.
In 2005 MAGIC Magazine was deemed the world's largest-selling publication for magicians by Guinness World Records.
The Owl is published roughly once per term and has a circulation of over 4,000.
Inside Carolina magazine was founded by David Eckoff in early 1994 as a monthly magazine.
There has been no indication whether more issues are forthcoming.
Like Vogue, it includes stories about fashion and celebrities.
Design Week is a UK-based website, formerly a magazine for the design industry.
2000'e Doğru was a weekly Turkish news magazine.
The journal is an independent journal of opinion for the campus community.
It is currently published in the form of a bi-weekly newspaper, five annual reference book titles, a weekly podcast, and a website.
The magazine’s parent company, Motorsport Marketing Inc., is based in Holly Hill, Florida and also publishes Classic Motorsports magazine.
From January to July 1918, its editors were Ivo Andrić, Niko Bartulović, Vladimir Ćorović and Branko Mašić.
Most known animal phyla appeared in the fossil record as marine species during the Cambrian explosion, about 542 million years ago.
It is the first colour supplement distributed with a daily paper in Italy.
The magazine is now published once every 45 days.
In addition to its subscriber base, the print version of The Land Report is available at select Books-A-Million and Barnes & Noble stores.
Rhode Island Monthly is a glossy monthly magazine about life in Rhode Island and Southeastern Massachusetts.
Têtu is the main gay magazine published in France.
The editor-in-chief is Chung-in Moon of Yonsei University.
Sadhana brought the Dalit activists to the attention to the Marathi intelligentsia, and gave an impetus to the growing dalit movement.
Among contributors to the magazine were André Bjerke, Jens Bjørneboe, Karl Brodersen and Øistein Parmann.
In 1993 the magazine was acquired by Maverick Magazines.
The magazine also featured 18-inch high-heel fetish shoes.
Latina was named to Adweek's "Hot List" in 2000 & 2001 and named Best Magazine by Advertising Age in 2000.
The first issue was published in April, 1979, with articles by Hilton Kramer, Charles Moffett, and Colin Eisler.
They frequently tour the United States and visit record companies and artists.
The magazine has a science flavour, reflecting the background of Kennedy Warne, who holds a master's degree in marine biology.
By the time of its demise in January 1975, Zoo World enjoyed a circulation of 300,000.
Rhythms has received 21 Golden Tripod awards, the official publication award in Taiwan, and two awards from SOPA in 2005 and 2006.
The magazine was purchased in 1970 by WQED, who used the magazine as part of its pledge drives.
Issues covered by the magazine have ranged from complaints about the discomfort of regulation footwear to disputes about pay reform.
25 Beautiful Homes is a monthly interior design magazine published by IPC Media.
It was sold to Magazine Associates in August 1975, and ceased publication shortly afterward.
g3 won the Publication of the Year award from Stonewall in 2009.
The magazine is published by Relevant Media Group with an average distributed circulation of 70,000 copies.
Creativity covers the creative process, from concept through execution.
British Vogue is the most profitable British magazine as well as the most profitable edition of Vogue besides the US and China editions.
The magazine is known for its annual Best and Worst awards, which have been published since 1977.
The magazine was published by Media Nusantara Citra, a subsidiary of the largest and most integrated media company in Indonesia, MNC Group.
In 1915 the publication's anti-Catholic rhetoric aroused the local population in Plainfield, New Jersey and a mob formed to threaten the Pillar of Fire Church.
Kenneth Davidson also has a monthly column with the Melbourne newspaper The Age.
The magazine and associated websites were acquired in October 2011 by A&D Media, now MA Business & Leisure, part of the Mark Allen Group of companies.
Metro Weekly is a free weekly magazine for the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender community in Washington, D.C., United States.
However, the different cultural and political views of its contributors led the publication to have undefined leanings.
The first editor of the magazine was Les Bell.
Architectural Record is an American monthly magazine that is dedicated to architecture and interior design.
Tricycle also hosts a blog, film club, monthly video dharma talks with Buddhist teachers, and in-depth online courses.
The magazine's first editor was Trumbull White, he was succeeded in 1912 by Arthur Sullivant Hoffman, who would edit the magazine until 1927.
Editorial offices are located in Cincinnati, Ohio, USA.
Douglas Wilson serves as editor, Douglas Jones as senior editor, and N. D. Wilson as managing editor.
Alberta Views was named Canadian Magazine of the Year at the 2009 National Magazine Awards.
Reax's distribution reaches nearly twenty markets throughout the state of Florida, including Tampa, Orlando, Jacksonville, Tallahassee, Miami, and Pensacola.
Archive copies are held at Dunedin's Hocken Collections, which is run by the University of Otago.
The magazine has won fourteen National Magazine Awards from the American Society of Magazine Editors from 1999 to present, including awards for General Excellence.
The news section and some feature content now appears in an expanded Railfan & Railroad, which was acquired by WRP in 2014.
Founded with the name Cambio 16 it was later sold and renamed Cambio in 1998 to nobel laureate Gabriel Garcia Marquez and other associates.
La Gente de Aztlan is a bilingual student newsmagazine published, circulated, and run at the University of California, Los Angeles.
Comp Ace is a Japanese computer game and manga magazine published by Kadokawa Shoten.
Non-members can purchase the magazine directly from the institute.
An example of experiential education, the magazine had articles based on the students' interviews with local people about aspects and practices in Appalachian culture.
Regularly featured bands include Diaura, Mejibray, Royz, Blu-Billion, ARLEQUIN, BAROQUE, R-Shitei, BugLug, Sadie, DaizyStripper and DuelJewel.
In 2003 Risk magazine launched Risk.net a financial risk management website which provides news updates as a digital subscription.
Minoo Masani, R.Venkatraman, R.K. Laxman are some notable personalities who contributed to the magazine.
The first translation of Chekhov's "The Seagull" appeared in its pages.
From 2008 until the company closed, the magazine was published by MM Publishing.
The New York Times said Book "profiles authors and their works in much the way that People magazine reports on celebrities".
The magazine focused exclusively on PlayStation hardware, software, and culture, covering the original PlayStation, PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3 and PlayStation Portable.
Magic: The Gathering creator Richard Garfield often wrote the quizzical back column of the magazine.
It was purchased by the Thomson brothers early in the twentieth century, and was relaunched as a magazine in 1910.
The magazine was founded in 2009, as a collaboration between design firm IDEO and media company Gannett, who sold the magazine to local owners in 2015.
The magazine is compact, with its pages roughly half the size of most American magazines'.
More than 200 neighbors showed up to see the containers delivered by crane.
Every issue includes a DVD-ROM, usually featuring a recent version of a Linux distribution.
Although predominantly a music magazine, AU covered other aspects of popular culture, such as movies, comics, games and the arts.
Lettre International is the title of a number of cultural magazines published in various languages in Europe.
Founded in 1968 the magazine targets seniors.
It covers the history of jazz — which includes the history of jazz criticism and jazz discography.
It extends into the southeastern Terai of Nepal.
The magazine's main motto is "One Issue, One Surprise".
Its main target is elementary school aged boys, younger than the readers of shōnen manga.
The magazine's caricature and editorial cartoon content was drawn from a varied cadre of illustrator-contributors of many backgrounds and disparite artistic styles.
Artists who have contributed include Richard Mosse, who won the £30,000 Deutsche Börse Photography Prize in 2014.
Each issue is composed of three thematic sections dedicated to exploring different topics in contemporary international politics and economics.
The magazine first appeared in June 1944 and was published sporadically, ceasing publication in March 1952 after 41 issues.
The first issue appeared in 2011 and was accused by critics, due to its "Maskili" nature, of being too "snobbish and condescending".
The brand lives on through the website sugarscape.com.
In its current format, Print documents and critiques commercial, social, and environmental design from every angle: the good, the bad, and the ugly.
The publication received a James Beard Foundation Award in 2010 for its food-related columns.
Music Connection also publishes reviews of unsigned and independent live performers and recording artists.
Until 2007, when rival magazine D to D was published, it was the only magazine dedicated to the art of driving sideways.
With a current circulation of approximately 100,000, the motto of DW is “Leadership empowerment for women who mean business.”
Funnily enough this same character featured in C+VG magazine under the name Sadie.
Dengeki Hime is a Japanese magazine published monthly by ASCII Media Works publishing information mainly on adult visual novels.
Since 1995, Honduras Tips has been the official travel guide of Honduras.
It was kept alive minimally, but ceased publication altogether in 1998.
Harper's Magazine is a monthly magazine of literature, politics, culture, finance, and the arts.
Ninety-six issues of the newspaper appeared in its eight years of publication.
Painkiller is China's first heavy music magazine and a legally registered enterprise for print media productions by Chinese State Authority.
It was edited by Pete Frame for the first 29 issues – up to February 1973.
The magazine is designed by Ingvild Wollstad and edited by Marte Rømoen, while Maria Birkeland Olerud is editor of the web magazine.
On February 5, 2015, Papercutz announced that they have worked a deal with Nickelodeon to revive the magazine.
Select was a United Kingdom music magazine of the 1990s which was particularly known for covering Britpop, a term coined in the magazine by Stuart Maconie.
It is dedicated to Brussels and anything related to the city within the Art, Culture, Business and EU Affairs scene.
SLUG Magazine features music, lifestyle, arts and events with interviews, reviews, and articles.
The magazine was started with a four-page format, later elaborated to eight pages.
Flaunt is an American satirical fashion and culture magazine based in Hollywood, Los Angeles with an office in New York.
In March 2009, SFScope reported that the magazine had been bought by Warren Lapine's Tir Na Nog Press and would not close.
Initially published by his Phillips Publishing Company of Springfield, Ohio, it later was taken over by Crowell Publishing Company, which merged with Collier's.
It started life as a pull-out section in Atari User magazine.
Acting as the eyes and ears of the region, the team’s main aim is to serve the people of the region.
George Levitan, a Jewish-American man born in Michigan, who was a plumbing merchant in Fort Worth, bought the magazines and Good Publishing Company in 1950.
PLATFORM ARCHITECTURE AND DESIGN is a nationally distributed magazine looking at design, architecture and interiors.
Mfumu'eto is a magazine, that was established in the 1990s by a high priest named Mfumu'eto.
Vigyan Prasar is publishing Dream 2047 for last 18 years
Western Bridge Corporate Federal Credit Union, or WesCorp, was a financial services cooperative headquartered in San Dimas, California.
The magazine is marketed at newsstands across the United States and by subscription, and is distributed as an in-room amenity in resorts.
Cycling Weekly is a British cycling magazine.
The magazine often used the slogan "In Esperanto, but not about Esperanto."
After EMAP acquired Petersen in 2000, a U.S. edition was published based on its existing title MaxSpeed and featuring cars from America and the UK.
Its sister publication is The New Indian Express.
It became the official publication of the Australian Federation of Women Voters.
African Film was a Nigerian comics magazine, published between 1968 and 1972.
Notable past writers include humorist Joe Queenan, film critic Stephen Farber, Martha Frankel and Stephen Rebello.
Christophorus is the official customer magazine of Porsche AG.
Energy Risk — a sister title that covers energy trading and risk management — was spun off in 1994.
Alberta Views is a magazine published 10 times annually in Calgary, Alberta, Canada that covers political, social and cultural issues in the province of Alberta.
It was the first periodical devoted to the poster to be published in Britain.
Prominent figures of Bangladesh like Shykh Seraj and Faridur Reza Sagar contributed to the magazine.
This article is about a modern newspaper.
The nonprofit organization Earth Action Network, Inc. maintains emagazine.com and publishes new content via EarthTalk.org and its network of 1,300+ media outlets across North America.
In late 2016, the brand announced Modern by Dwell Magazine, a collection of over 200 products for Target.
Young writers praised it for reflecting the period, while Malay traditionalists decried its perceived corruption of the Malay language.
Circulation, according to e.Republic, was 77,897 at the end of the 2008 fiscal year.
It was one of the earliest women's magazines and feminist periodicals in the country.
Teen Voices is published by Women Express in print biannually, and monthly issues are published online.
The parabola represents the epitome of a quest.
PSM's UK-based sister magazine, PSM3, was another Future publication.
Features editorial from around the world and interviews and travel pieces with young Olympians and backwoods icons.
It is the official publication of the Owner-Operator Independent Drivers Association.
Krasnaya Nov was a Soviet monthly literary magazine as well as a separate publishing.
Based in San Francisco, MRR focuses on punk rock and hardcore music, and primarily features artist interviews and music reviews.
Swank is an adult or pornographic magazine published in the United States.
The magazine was based in Copenhagen, Denmark.
The monthly magazine ceased publication in 2008.
The magazine was considered a trendsetter in Hindi journalism.
The first issue was appeared in October, 1927.
Equinox ceased publishing in 2000 and its coveted mailing list was sold to Canadian Geographic.
Bova won five consecutive Hugo Awards for his editing of Analog.
A DVD magazine under the Uncut brand was published quarterly from 2005 to 2006.
Editing and layout had been outsourced to Jon Compton to preserve the independence of the magazine content, but subscriptions and newsstand sales continued to decline.
There is no website for the Examiner.
The magazine aimed at promoting people and events and achievements from underprivileged rural and townships of Bangladesh.
The magazine, published by Bauer Media Pty Ltd, is based in Sydney.
Although it was the official publication of The United Church of Canada for 60 years, it is now a financially and editorially independent corporation.
The Christian Messenger was a religious magazine established by the early Restoration Movement leader Barton W. Stone in 1826.
Always in competition with nearby Surfer Magazine, ultimately both magazines came under the ownership of Source Interlink.
Despite of this, the issues can be freely downloaded in PDF format at magazine's website.
Railnews is a national monthly newspaper and news website for the British railway network.
A shogun was the military dictator of Japan during the period from 1185 to 1868.
An award may be accompanied by trophy, title, certificate, commemorative plaque, medal, badge, pin, or ribbon.
From there she worked her way up to managing editor and when Ray Lesser retired, Sandee became the editor.
InStyle, published by IPC Media, was a monthly glossy magazine focusing on celebrities and their style.
Mark Williams wrote a regular column entitled "Running out of Road".
As of 2010, it reaches 5 million readers with each issue with a 1.35 million circulation.
Thus, the magazine, and several others within the church, was replaced by the Ensign.
Writers for Black Enterprise include Judith Jamison, Ashanti White, and Alfred A. Edmond, Jr.
Kultur im Heim was a East German women's magazine specializing on home decoration and home design.
It was established by John Newbery, who was better known for his pioneering children's literature.
The first edition of PCM was issued in October 1983 by VNU Business Publications.
It had nearly 25 staff and the number of its subscribers was 54,000 as of 2012.
It concentrates on the traditional values and customs of the English people, particularly those of rural and small-town England.
Pratt originally intended the magazine to be named Betty, but she was voted down by everyone else involved in the making of the magazine.
Genre magazine was a New York city-based monthly periodical from 1992 to 2009 written for gay men.
The magazine was started and had been owned by Avid Media until 2004 when Transcontinental Media acquired it.
Not Private Eye was a one-off spoof of the British satirical magazine Private Eye.
In mid-2009, Ancestry magazine began making its past issues available online at Google Books and at its website Ancestrymagazine.com.
Olive Byrne, Marston's lover, and his wife, Elizabeth, are credited as being his inspiration for the character's appearance.
London Fashion News also known as LDN Fashion News is an online fashion magazine which provides news coverage mainly based on the fashion industry in London.
After Singerly died in 1876, Wallace also became publisher.
The monthly publication is printed in the format of a daily newspaper.
In 1996, Estates Gazette launched its own online property news and research arm, EGi.
Page numbering is consecutive for a complete year.
It was founded in November 2003 by its editor-in-chief, David Beers, an award-winning writer and former features editor at The Vancouver Sun.
The JuristenZeitung is a German legal magazine.
The magazine was started in September 2009 as a spin-off of another Kōdansha's magazine, Weekly Shōnen Magazine.
Ad Astra is the quarterly magazine of the National Space Society.
Original issues of Denim Delinquent sell for over $300 on eBay.
The magazine's ideology, commonly known as Sămănătorism or Semănătorism, was articulated after 1905, when historian and literary theorist Nicolae Iorga became editor in chief.
In March 2003, SPAN began publishing in Hindi and Urdu to reach a wider audience.
Topics include primarily political and technical aspects of the digital world, closed-circuit television, personal privacy, cryptography and many more).
An education section hosts a selection of articles on chemical education, writing articles, Tips & Tricks for the Lab, Career Interviews and much more.
It restarted in April 2015, on another publishing company Neko Publishing.
The magazine ended print issue in December 2015.
Ritam was a Serbian and Yugoslav popular culture magazine.
In 2015 RECOIL won “Best Outdoor Sports & Recreation Magazine” at the 64th Annual Western Publishing Association "Maggie Awards" for its July issue.
Studime Filologjike is a scientific magazine on Albanian language and literature, published by the Centre of Albanological Studies.
Another consistent feature are two monthly episodic stories often modelled on the structure of Bildungsroman.
EFY Group is a privately held Indian technology-oriented publishing organisation based in New Delhi.
DC Universe Presents Batman Superman was part of the UK 'Collector's Edition' line of DC Comics published by Titan Magazines.
Gamepro Media properties included GamePro magazine and their website.
Lyon Capitale is a French monthly magazine, created in 1994, talks about Lyon and its region Rhône-Alpes.
Its tagline is "a feminist response to pop culture".
Nordstjernan is a mostly English-language newspaper for Swedish Americans and Swedish citizens in the United States.
It has now ceased publication as a print magazine.
Published by the BUG publishing company, it is currently the most popular computer magazine in the country.
The magazine has also expanded its focus from fashion and beauty to include politics and current affairs.
Marg is one of the oldest and most respected art book publishers in India.
The magazine, created by ex-Teen Vogue European editor Jenny Dyson, was launched during London Fashion Week in February 2006.
Each copy sells for between ¥1,100 and ¥1,200 depending on the number of pages.
He has published two horror books - Penumbra and A Thing of Beauty.
DINE is Canada’s leading food, wine, travel, and hospitality magazine.
Louisiana Tech enrolled 12,694 students in five academic colleges during the Fall 2016 academic quarter including 1,400 students in the graduate school.
BRW was an Australian business magazine published by the Fairfax Media group.
Its variety of layouts, use of guest designers, and opinionated articles also had an effect on other design publications.
Having been launched as a quarterly magazine, Significance changed to a bimonthly frequency in 2011.
The Freethinker was a British secular humanist magazine, founded by G.W.
Established in 1898, it was originally entitled American Art Annual.
In addition to 12 issues a year, it featured a "Swimsuit Spectacular".
In addition to travel articles, the magazine also contains photographic portfolios focusing on nature and recipes, as well as car, book, music and outdoor equipment reviews.
Until moving to its current location in the late 1990s, the Western Producer operated out of the Modern Press Building.
The section on literature is curated by Fabio Donalisio, and the film section by Roberto Curti.
Comic books and creators from countries such as Brazil, Poland, and the Philippines were featured alongside American and British comic book icons.
In a recent survey conducted by the magazine, its readership is 45% male, 55% female, and the median age is 28 years.
New American Writing is published by OINK!
Media Source would go on to acquire Library Journal and School Library Journal in 2010.
In February 2013, Funny Times began release of a monthly digital edition, available on iTunes and at the Kindle Store.
Contributors, referred to as "The Panel", hail from the UK, North America, continental Europe, and Australia.
We've needed this publication for a long time".
Writer Bongo Bryan is credited for being mainly responsible for covering live reviews of high-profile events.
The university is known for its engineering and science programs.
It is edited by Ben Domenech, who co-founded the conservative activism site Redstate.
The magazine's editorial office was located in the German media city Cologne.
IRIS is an English and Irish language magazine which focuses on Irish republicanism, Irish politics, current affairs, history and foreign affairs.
Outside of ICT, MediaTeam publishes Shelflife, an FMCG title, and The Irish Garden.
Kung Fu Tai Chi is a United States magazine covering martial arts and combat sports.
The current editorial staff include Chris Finnamore, Seth Barton, David Ludlow, Tom Morgan, Katherine Byrne, Richard Easton and Michael Passingham.
Originally focused on science and nature, the magazine, aimed at kids aged six to nine, has gradually become a more general-purpose children's magazine.
It is entirely run by an all-volunteer staff.
Traill, for the rest of his life, served as its editor-in-chief.
Amiga Format was a British computer magazine for Amiga computers, published by Future plc.
He in turn was succeeded after less than a year by Fred Dangerfield.
The magazine was launched by the husband-wife team of Rabbi Yitzchok Frankfurter and Rechy Frankfurter, former editors at Mishpacha.
Red Herring continues to publish technology sector news online.
Maxim is the Indian edition of the United Kingdom-based international monthly men's magazine called Maxim.
In addition to advertisements for companies and institutions to present their vacancies, advice on application and interviews are included.
Each issue of the magazine prints a variety of palindromes in various forms, covers palindrome-related news, and seeks to accredit writers of famous palindromes.
van Vogt and "Way in the Middle of the Air", one of Ray Bradbury's "Martian Chronicle" stories.
The magazine also covers themes like gothic subculture and horror fiction.
GO was founded in 2001 by publisher Amy Lesser.
It is produced on a monthly basis.
Gernsback's initial editorial approach was to blend instruction with entertainment; he believed science fiction could educate readers.
Weekly Shōnen Big Comic was a bi-weekly manga magazine published by Shogakukan in Japan from 1979 to 1987.
It had regular bi-monthly columns including news on upcoming auctions and sales.
First published in January 1971 along with the Ensign and the Friend, the New Era's intended audience has always been the church's youth.
Santa Monica Magazine along with the Santa Monica Sun  are the only two Santa Monica magazines.
It was founded in London, England, by Kevin Kelly, with Min Hogg as editor.
Russky Invalid started out as a weekly, in 1814—1815 it was coming out twice a week, and since 1816 became a daily.
Many manga serialized in Comic Valkyrie are later published in bound volumes under Kill Time Communication's Valkyrie Comics imprint.
Urania – Postępy Astronomii is a Polish astronomical magazine.
Post Magazine also organises the annual British Insurance Awards, which are usually held in July at the Royal Albert Hall.
Christian Music Planet is a bi-monthly music magazine that was started by Educational Media Foundation in 2002.
Geez is an independent quarterly Canadian magazine dealing with issues of spirituality, social justice, religion, and progressive cultural politics.
Roshd Biological Education has an editorial board composed of Iranian biologists, experts in biology education, science journalists and biology teachers.
White Fungus was part of the exhibition Millennium Magazines at the Museum of Modern Art in New York in 2012.
Although Vox was seen as IPC's response to EMAP's Q magazine, it was unable to match the circulation figures generated by Q in the 1990s.
In 1927, the magazine began to cooperate with the Krokodil, a similar Russian magazine.
In addition it features used motorcycle listings, and a number of databases specific to dealers, services and clubs in the area.
In April 2013 the Forum published its last issue.
It was first published soon after MicroHobby, which had been created just a few months earlier by the same publisher.
In January 1921, Mao Dun became its chief editor beginning with Volume 10, Issue 1.
It was established in 1970 as a mimeograph.
Tel Quel was a French avant-garde literary magazine published between 1960 and 1982.
It was published between September 2007 and March 2008.
Tyee articles focus on politics, culture and life.
Outsource is one of several of magazines published by EMP Media Ltd.
According to Robert H. Hewsen, it is the first Armenian scholarly journal.
In August 2008 Rohit Saran became the editor of the magazine, replacing Sanjoy Narayan in the post.
Playbill was first printed in 1884 for a single theatre on 21st Street in New York City.
Europa Magazine is the only monthly magazine in Bosnian language in the United States.
Der Spiegel is a German weekly news magazine published in Hamburg.
It is published quarterly with 4 issues per year and is available for subscription both in print and online at Informaworld.
While the journal's beginnings are attributed to Lenin and several women who were close to him, he did not contribute to the first seven issues.
WineMaker magazine also runs the annual WineMaker International Amateur Wine Competition.
El Gráfico is one of the most regarded sports magazines not only in Argentina but in Latin America.
Human Events is a conservative American political news and analysis website.
It supported the European Union as a progressive force in the world.
Practical Reptile Keeping is a monthly herpetology magazine published by Kelsey Publishing Group in the United Kingdom.
The first issue of MyM was published on 3 May 2012 and was edited by its publisher, Tarik Alozdi.
Originally called "The Commonline Project", the e-journal was first developed at The Evergreen State College as an interdisciplinary curriculum in literary theory.
Based out of New York City, GO distributes 30,000 copies in 10 major cities, and receives 250,000 unique web hits monthly.
The South Australian Football Budget is the matchday programme of the South Australian National Football League.
Many article's are first-person accounts of combat operations, including personal interviews with enlisted men and officers, and specs on units and weaponry.
It published the literary supplement Alăuta Românească.
El Centinela is a Christian Seventh-day Adventist magazine published monthly in Spanish by the Pacific Press publishing house.
The writer and feuilletonist Rudolf Křesťan worked as an editor in the magazine from 1964 to 1993.
Writer's Digest is an American magazine aimed at beginning and established writers.
Race Walking Record is registered with ISSN 1351-833X.
Crosstown Publications acquired Dell in 1996 and remains the publisher.
From issue 71 onward, released on 5 January 2012, the magazine was renamed Nintendo Gamer and was significantly reformatted.
In 2015 AnOther Magazine was the first magazine to produce the world’s first high definition LED moving magazine cover.
Época was a Spanish weekly news magazine published in Madrid, Spain, from 1985 to 2013.
Denim Delinquent was an influential underground fanzine of seven issues in total, published from 1971 to 1976.
The debut issue had 80 pages, including a review of Fire Emblem: Awakening and a preview of Luigi's Mansion: Dark Moon as its main overview.
The current editorial team includes Mike Lesser, Heathcote Williams , Elena Caldera, Claire Palmer, Nick Victor, David Erdos, Rupert Loydell and others.
One action photo captured six members of Major League Soccer's D.C. United simulating a free kick defensive wall while covering their genitalia.
Profit is a bimonthly Canadian business magazine aimed at entrepreneurs.
The magazine provided a literary platform for the prevailing philosophy of Black Consciousness.
Digit TV has since been shifted to Digit's YouTube Channel 
They have received eight Brit Awards—winning awards for Best British Group and Best British Live Act.
Furniture Today is a weekly American magazine.
During this tenure, it was edited by fascist supporter and politician Diana Mosley.
Popular Computing Weekly was a computer magazine in the UK published from 1982 to 1990.
It was established by César Fuentes Rodríguez, along with other journalists from the former Riff Raff magazine.
It is a semi-professional non-profit publication with a mix of academic and amateur articles.
The serial story "Peggy Paget's Patent Paralyzing Pedal Props" was published in the magazine in 1910.
It was launched in 2012 as the football equivalent of the basketball magazine, SLAM.
First issued in August 1955, its rivals are Nakayoshi and Ciao.
Established in 1959, it is Western Canada's senior literary magazine.
8 Days has a food blog called 8 DAYS Eat, which provides updates on food trends and talks on various food topics such as food recipes.
Frontiers was Southern California's oldest and largest lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender magazine.
The weekly publishes inspirational features that focus on contemporary issues, biblical instruction and devotional guides, Christian news, and conversation pieces.
The Word For Today is a free, daily devotional written by American Christian pastor Bob Gass and published around the world by United Christian Broadcasters.
Their events have featured speakers such as Al Gore, Mark Cuban, Arianna Huffington, and Martha Stewart.
He had made up his mind that the need of the land reform movement was a monthly organ."
It was first published in April 2004 and is owned by the Media24 division of Naspers.
The magazine had irregular contributions from writers such as Marie Louise Berneri Paul Goodman, George Woodcock Murray Bookchin, and Nicholas Walter.
A-YA was printed in both color and black-and-white.
It was founded as an online periodical.
A selection of stories from Beyond was published in paperback form in 1963, also under the title Beyond.
Riptide is a series of short story anthologies published by Dirt Pie Press, based within the University of Exeter.
The magazine was announced in February 2009, with Hayashi Masato, at that time editor of Weekly Shōnen Sunday, editing the monthly magazine as well.
The magazine's initial issue "0" was released in June 1999, a full 3 months before the launch of the system.
onoffice was launched as a sister title to monthly architecture journal Icon.
Outsource is a cross-channel publication and serves a senior management audience on thought leadership surrounding sourcing and shoring strategy.
Miasto Kobiet is the organizer of recurring clothing swaps in Poland.
The magazine was purchased by Curtis Publishing Company in 1911.
Casus Belli is a French magazine about roleplaying games founded in 1980.
The magazine was marketed to boys in junior high school and older, and included a manga section as well as general interest articles and information.
Salient's style and editorial position can change from year to year due to changes in editors.
It was voted UK 'Music Magazine Of The Year' in 2007 and 2008.
It is marketed as a shōnen manga magazine for female readers.
The magazine, label and stores are increasingly integrated, operationally.
The magazine was more successful under Wright, and despite occasional financial setbacks it prospered over the next fifteen years.
The song also appears on the 1981 compilation LP Juke Box Dury.
It was published weekly from 1910 until 1911 in 30 issues.
Parent & Child Magazine was a magazine published by Scholastic.
Instinct is a gay men's lifestyle magazine which was published from 1997 to 2015.
The "Community News" section provides information about various festivals, meetings and the like from Filipino and Asian organizations through the United States.
The processing element carries out arithmetic and logical operations, and a sequencing and control unit can change the order of operations in response to stored information.
ArtReview is an international contemporary art magazine based in London.
The German division of Tokyopop was able to acquire the license to publish other tankōbon volumes of the Weekly Shōnen Jump magazine.
Leggere Donna is an Italian feminist cultural magazine which features reviews about women-related literary works and about books written by women.
The first woman featured in the photo layout section of Hombre was Roselyn Sanchez.
Due to this, Zan-e Rooz shifted from being a Western-style gossip sheet to a publication dedicated to exploring the rights of women within the Islamic framework.
The team at the magazine have also won a number of individual nationally recognised awards.
Innovation and commercialization are the heart of these facilities, which have given life to hundreds of products, processes and technologies.
The magazine is also commonly known as the Earth First!
Televi-Kun is a Japanese monthly manga magazine published by Shogakukan, starting in May 1976.
The first issue was dated July/August 1982.
Renowned assamese writers like Bandita Phukan and Ranju Hazarika started publishing their novels and stories here.
At the end of February 2012, a Weibo post from Diàn Ruǎn's official microblog confirmed that their next issue would be the last.
According to the 1999 Editor & Publisher International Yearbook, the paper is the 48th-largest daily paper in the U.S. and the single-largest in Kentucky.
Established in February 1974, and acquired by Emmis Publishing in July 2007, Orange Coast is the oldest continuously published lifestyle magazine in the region.
The magazine is published 12 times per year by the Meredith Corporation.
Chief Investment Officer Magazine is an English-language international finance magazine owned by the publishing firm Asset International.
The magazine is still available for free as a PDF digital edition.
It offers advice on managing money and achieving financial security, saving, investing, planning for retirement, paying for college, and major purchases like automobiles and homes.
"Jakin" means "knowledge" in Basque and the magazine specializes on social and cultural issues.
Typical articles concerned social climbing, the latest fashions, picking up strangers, television and film reviews, and the secrets of love.
The Himalayan Journal is the annual magazine of the Himalayan Club in India.
Design and production took place at Michael O'Doherty's VIP offices in Dublin, whilst content and advertising was sought in Manhattan.
Its sections include Upfront, Features, Reviews, Guest Columns and the Decibel Hall of Fame.
The magazine is now published 4 times a year and features the sport, culture and lifestyle of modern snowboarding.
The magazine is part of Carter Hunter Services.
It focuses on topics covering the political, economic and social links between Russia, Switzerland and Europe.
The New York Times Book Review is a weekly paper-magazine supplement to The New York Times in which current non-fiction and fiction books are reviewed.
Harper's Magazine has won twenty National Magazine Awards.
The American Record Guide is a classical music magazine.
Each issue typically has around thirty ongoing stories by various authors and runs about 800 pages.
Launched in November 1989 by News Corporation with Mimi Torchin as editor-in-chief, Weekly began as a sister magazine to Soap Opera Digest.
The Packer was owned by Vance Publishing 1964-December 2015.
Contributors include Peter Hart, Janine Jackson, Julie Hollar, Laura Flanders, Howard Friel, Noam Chomsky, Stephen Maher, Michael Corcoran, Seth Ackerman, Beau Hodai, and Edward Herman.
The magazine is the brainchild of editor-in-chief Nicolas Rachline, grandson of Publicis founder Marcel Bleustein-Blanchet.
SPAN's audience includes Indian citizens, institutions and organizations.
Sanders produced thirteen issues of Fuck You: A Magazine of the Arts from 1962 to 1965.
The magazine features award-winning investigative reports, first-person accounts both contemporary and historical, entertainment reviews, fiction and poetry, art and photography.
the CP/M operating systems from Digital Research: CP/M-80, CP/M Plus, CP/M-86, and MP/M
Zambak magazine was an ethnic political magazine published in Chicago between the years 1994 and 2008.
Between 1989 and 2007, the magazine was published as Männer aktuell.
In Haylal, which existed from 1873 until 1877, he among other things used caricatures and satirical articles to criticize the arbitrary press law.
Its founder and editor in chief is Gerald Ganglbauer, the first issue was launched in June 1996 in Sydney.
Editors of the magazine made a number of attempts to improve brand awareness by holding various events.
After Cummins' death editorship passed to Ruby Altizer Roberts, poet laureate of Virginia.
The Journal of the Photographic Society, later the Royal Photographic Society, was first published on 3 March 1853 and it has been published continuously ever since.
These three brother divisions occasionally exchange content.
It was founded by Keith Poulter and published six times a year by World Wide Wargames, although initially it was only published four times a year.
From 1994 through today, Non-Sport Update has been published bimonthly in January, March, May, July, September, and November.
Amongst those who worked on the magazine a number subsequently became influential in the fields of journalism or energy policy.
Waste gobar serves as an insecticide and is used to plaster mud houses and is a waterproof coating for walls.
It is exclusively referred to as T3 or T3.com.
The service launched with a lineup of twelve titles, with chapters released simultaneously with their Japanese release.
Propaganda was, at the time of its final issue in 2002, the longest running and most popular gothic subculture magazine in the United States.
First published in March 2000, and defunct by April 2015 according to its website, the magazine reviewed classical music CDs, DVDs and books.
Archived in the UNZ.org digital collection are fifty-five issues of Free World covering a sixty-three-month span from October 1941 through December 1946.
The magazine has a broadly anti-capitalist stance.
Targeted at women in their late teens and early 20s, Happie Nuts was highly oriented toward the style of oneh-gal and dark-skin.
Mud Life Magazine was an American automotive enthusiast magazine.
ceased publication with its April/May 2011 issue.
Originally, Amstrad Computer User had been a much more serious magazine than its main rival Amstrad Action.
Now 20 years in publication, it is the successor magazine to The Alien and caters largely to the expatriate community in Japan.
However, several times a year LFP Publishes "Best of Beaverhunt" featuring standout pictorials previously seen in the pages of Hustler.
Freeskier Magazine is a skiing magazine based in Boulder, Colorado.
Commodore Format was a British magazine for users of the Commodore 64 home computer.
Positively Filipino has a number of features.
Under the guidance of former director, Dagoberto Semanat, the magazine introduced its first website, made by the Peruvian-Cuban Carlos Erick Oyola Valdizán.
Fred Turner notes that in 1985, Brand merged CoEvolution Quarterly with The Whole Earth Software Review to create the Whole Earth Review.
The name is a reference to The Criterion, a British literary magazine edited by T. S. Eliot from 1922 to 1939.
The name was changed from Kemps to KFTV.com in December 2012 following a redesign and update of the website.
The magazine is one of the oldest publications in its category in the country.
GO, is a "cultural roadmap for the city girl," and is the nation's most widely distributed, free, lesbian magazine.
Its editor-in-chief was Afdhere Jama during its publication.
In the early years of the 20th century, it covered the entertainment industry, such as circuses, fairs, and burlesque shows.
Since June 2008, the Editor of the magazine is Swapnil Raje.
Geist is a member of Magazines Canada and the B.C.
Published The Southasia Trust, a not-for-profit organization based in Kathmandu, Nepal, Himal Southasian strived to define, nurture, and amplify that voice.
Teil I., Gesellschaft für Interlinguistik e. V., Berlin, 1997, 120 pp.
The ability of computers to follow generalized sets of operations, called programs, enable them to perform an extremely wide range of tasks.
Alternativas Económicas is a Spanish language monthly news magazine, which focuses on economical and social events, published in Barcelona, Spain.
Since its founding, InfoWorld's readership has largely consisted of IT and business professionals.
Its early coverage of the local black LGBT scene soon enlarged to a nationwide and international focus, and eventually to national and Canadian distribution.
Restaurant is a British magazine aimed at chefs, restaurant proprietors and other catering professionals that concentrates on the fine dining end of the industry.
Martha Stewart Weddings is a quarterly weddings magazine published by Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia.
Visão is a Portuguese news magazine published weekly in Lisbon, Portugal.
Register Teil II., Arbeitsgruppe Geschichte des Esperanto-Verbandes der DDR, Berlin, 1998, 120 pp.
Standpoint is based in London and was co-founded by Daniel Johnson, Miriam Gross, Jonathan Foreman and Michael Mosbacher; Johnson is its editor.
Its first issue was released in January 2009.
Palmer made the magazine successful though it was not regarded as a quality magazine within the science fiction community.
Zion's Herald, after acquisition by the Boston Wesleyan Association and replacing the New England Christian Herald
Brew Your Own was launched in 1995 and is the largest circulation magazine for people interested in making their own beer at home.
Also included is the Scientists' Nightstand that reviews a vast range of science-related books and novels.
Blurt is a music print magazine and online outlet originally based in Silver Spring, MD.
Museum Management and Curatorship is an international peer-reviewed, journal aimed at museum professionals, consultants, educators, and researchers.
The publication is commonly referred to as 'CM' by its readers and editorial staff.
Manager Magazin is a German monthly business magazine focusing on business, finance and management based in Hamburg, Germany.
Special features on controls and line integration strategies, sustainable packaging, marketing and design, packaging-related Web sites, exclusive packaging surveys and trade shows appear regularly.
Behar had previously published an article on Scientology in Forbes magazine.
Until 2009, it was paired with a magazine for older girls called Brio and Beyond.
Nursery World is a fortnightly magazine for early years education and childcare professionals in the United Kingdom.
The magazine was featured on The Martha Stewart Show  and has received awards in the travel writing and journalism industry.
Some of the queer writers that was featured included Ben Barton, John Dixon, Jay Merill, Keith Munro, Uriel Orlow, Drew Payne, Mima Simic and Andrew Warburton.
Krytyka is a member of Eurozine, a network of European cultural magazines, and sees its role in mediating between Ukrainian and global intellectual elites.
It was co-founded by Air Force Staff Sgt.
It is the third-largest weekly news magazine in Germany.
The Drinks Business is a monthly international B2B magazine and website published by Union Press.
Originally published independently in Chicago, in 1976 ownership was transferred to the Intercollegiate Studies Institute.
The cover photograph features fashion models wearing swimwear in exotic locales.
The Sunday Funnies is a publication reprinting vintage Sunday comic strips at a large size in color.
During much of its life it competed against three other moderately successful British science fiction magazines, as well as the American science fiction magazine market.
The magazine is emblematic of the modern art movement in England, and recognised as a seminal text of pre-war 20th-century modernism.
The Westminster Review was a quarterly British publication.
Past issues have covered Dub Trio, the Beastie Boys, Cevin Soling, Garland Jeffreys, Donnell Rawlings, Hi-Tek, Subatomic Sound System, and Nada Surf.
Deb Olin Unferth's "Likable" - 2014 Pushcart Prize, "Pet" - 2010 Pushcart Prize, “Juan the Cell Phone Salesman" - 2005 Pushcart Prize
YU rock magazin was a Serbian music magazine.
The first issue was printed in Saint Petersburg, in December 1861, almost thirty years before the establishment of the National Geographic Magazine.
The magazine's mascot is Pedro the Mailburro, who answers readers' letters and is the subject of a comic strip.
The edition included the regular sports coverage.
The magazine was named after the 1920s critical magazine, Critical Revue.
The topics varied from bird care, training, behavior, and health to discussion of new products and bird food recipes or raising a colony of mealworms.
It was founded in 2009 by Mindy Abovitz who currently serves as editor-in-chief.
Flying Models was acquired by Carstens Publications in 1969, and ceased publication in 2014.
Tähdet ja avaruus is a member magazine of the Ursa Astronomical Association and it can also be subscribed without a membership.
Its predecessor, The Rugby League News, was first published in 1920; in 1974 it was rebranded as Big League.
It is affectionately referred to by British club cyclists as "The Comic".
2001 - Short story competition dedicated to the 121st anniversary of Yordan Yovkov's birth.
The magazine is published biannually and features articles on fiction, essays, and poetry.
It claims to be the first American personal finance magazine and to deliver "sound, unbiased advice in clear, concise language".
Kungumam is a Tamil weekly entertainment magazine published in Chennai, India.
In 2003 it changed to its current publishing format and dropped the Weekly part of its name to reflect its new schedule.
Hobby Farms is a bimonthly magazine, devoted to the life of hobby farmers, homesteaders and small producers.
It focuses on cutting-edge PC hardware, with an emphasis on product reviews, step-by-step tutorials, and in-depth technical briefs.
Coronet was a general interest digest magazine published from October 23, 1936, to March 1971 and ran for 299 issues.
Each issue includes three or so songs with notation and tablature, lessons, product reviews and interviews of prominent acoustic musicians.
T: The New York Times Style Magazine is a perfect-bound magazine dedicated to fashion, living, beauty, holiday, travel and design coverage.
It was part of the rise of postwar publications and businesses aimed at black audiences.
An e-zine [1] also continues the tradition of the publication.
The publication predominantly features R&B and hip hop music artists, actors and other entertainers.
Scientific American Mind is a bimonthly American popular science magazine concentrating on psychology, neuroscience, and related fields.
Collectively they reach over 3 million Nurses and Healthcare professionals across the United States.
Cinefex  is a bimonthly journal covering visual effects in cinema, launched in 1980 by author Don Shay.
Shogakukan entered the market competition in 1968 with Shōjo Comic.
It drew on the disciplines of sociology, anthropology, psychology, human geography, social history and social policy, and it published wide-ranging social reportage.
Other editorial content focuses on reviews of music as well as objective reviews of new gear.
SourceMedia publications include American Banker, The Bond Buyer, Employee Benefit News, and Financial Planning.
It is edited and published by Syed Jawaid Iqbal, and is distributed in the United States by JAYEYE Associates.
Shōjo Sekai was one of the first shōjo magazines in Japan.
Weekly editorial features include highlights of the top singles impacting radio and "spotlights" of new music from the Top40/Pop, Country, AC/Hot, and College music genres.
Molotov Cocktail is a quarterly magazine published in South Africa.
The first issue was released in July 1972, and "consisted of twelve foolscap pages - stapled".
The magazine was owned by Esquire and published by David A.
Oktyabr is a monthly Russian literary magazine, based in Moscow.
Story was a magazine founded in 1931 by journalist-editor Whit Burnett and his first wife, Martha Foley, in Vienna, Austria.
It also publishes one-off guides to specific areas of computing, and downloadable technology guides under the brand 'Guidaroo'.
In 1974, its yearly budget was $120,000, most of which was paid by the Ford Foundation.
Fast Company is a monthly American business magazine published in print and online that focuses on technology, business, and design.
A second change in ownership a decade later turned the magazine into a virulently anti-Semitic publication.
The founding editors were Craig Reiss and Bill Gloede.
Radburn's novel The Crossing was published by Pantera Press.
In July 2008, the magazine was combined with PODER Magazine and started circulating under the name PODER Enterprise.
Abitare, published monthly in Milan, Italy, is one of the world's best known design magazines.
Future Gawker editor Jesse Oxfeld was also an early contributor.
Proto targets physicians, researchers, policymakers, health care leaders and others with an interest in science and health care.
It is provided free of cost to members of the Mumbai Taximens’ Union.
He therefore considered that the time had arrived for them to undertake a scientific investigation of their history and literature.
The Accountant is the "oldest accountancy publication in the world".
It was founded in 1972 and is headquartered in Paris.
PWM focuses on open and guided architecture and distribution of third party products by institutions across Europe.
DestinAsian is a luxury travel and lifestyle magazine published in Jakarta by DestinAsian Media Group.
The company's name is stylized in all lower-case letters as "bne" and "business new europe" in its publications.
It also incorporates different styles into the agejo style
The Pakistan Textile Journal is an English language magazine.
First published as a newsletter in 1980, it has existed alongside the movement as a way to spread commonly held beliefs in Earth First!
CS4FN is a UK-based magazine on computer science aimed at school students.
The magazine focuses on music careers, college preparation and college football's bowl games.
Published by George Newnes, it initially emulated Newnes's highly successful Strand Magazine, featuring a mix of fiction and non-fiction.
Started in 2008, Yo Vizag has officially tied up with the IPL franchise Deccan Chargers for IPL 2012.
Blush is a Canadian magazine for urban mothers that focuses on pregnancy and the first three years of a child’s life.
The Fall Almanac is still hotly anticipated for its annual seed guide, astronomy and weather sections.
Newsweek's Asia Pacific edition, published in Hong Kong, has been available in Pakistan for over 50 years.
It was first published in October 1986 by Centaur Communications  According to the Audit Bureau of Circulations primary circulation for 2007 was 8,074.
It is distributed throughout the United States and internationally, currently in 60 nations.
It was the first full colour South Asian glossy magazine of its kind in Canada.
Later, the publication became a monthly and Fowler became the publisher.
The website was started in 2003 by Amir Korangy, and focuses on both commercial and residential real estate.
InTown Westchester is a regional lifestyle magazine that covers Westchester County, New York, and is published by Gannett and The Journal News.
Mirza Mohammad Ali Khan Kashani, who founded the periodical Sorayya later published in Cairo, also briefly worked for the journal.
Madhouse was an Argentine heavy metal music magazine edited from 1989 to 2001.
Other titles serialized in Animage include Ocean Waves, a novel by Saeko Himuro, which was later made into a television movie by the same title.
In a 2006 article in Hispanic Business magazine, Mi Gente Hispana Magazine is quoted as "La voz y alma de la cultura hispana."
It is currently published by Urban Realm Ltd.
What initially separated The Duelist from other card magazines of its time, such as InQuest or Scrye, was its detailed pages.
The company was then acquired by American City Business Journals.
It is one of the most familiar images in 20th-century American art, and has been widely parodied in American popular culture.
Azure was established in 1996 and was originally published twice a year, but grew into a quarterly.
The magazine is supported by Tzu Chi, one of Taiwan's largest Buddhist non-profit organizations.
OutNow also features interviews with politicians, business leaders and actors.
Almost all photography in the magazine is attributed to Páll Stefánsson, the magazine’s editor.
Singles, EPs, Albums and Demos from original artists are reviewed every month in the magazine's pages.
The magazine moved to Butterworths in the early 20th century and during the Second World War, it was produced at West Dean House.
Noted Vea journalists included Belén Martínez Cabello, Roberto Ramos-Perea and Helda Ribera-Chevremont, among others.
Airways is distributed through news stands in North America and 35 nations worldwide, reaching subscribers in more than 60 countries.
Vagabond is a travel magazine published in Stockholm, Sweden.
A short time later, the offices were moved out of WQED's Oakland headquarters to new facilities on Washington's Landing.
^ Bob Hahn accepts permanent position to design all of RMC’s upcoming websites
The company was also a part subsidiary of the privately held International Data Group, a media, events and research technology group.
By 1922, Kaveh was not funded anymore and thus discontinued.
The magazine is also available online, with some archival content going back to 1949.
It has covered the Edinburgh Festival since 1996 .
The website is visited by 160,000 unique users each month.
True Confessions is a confession magazine targeted at young women readers.
Since 2004, the editor-in-chief is Stephen Goodwin.
Its website anothermag.com was launched in 2009.
The editors-in-chief for 2017 are Izabella Antoniou and Jack Gibson.
Wonder Woman has also regularly appeared in comic books featuring the superhero teams Justice Society and Justice League.
It presents the best of Italian design, creativity and style, while closely following international trends and bringing together ideas and new directions.
125 Magazine is a London, England, based publication for work and ideas by photographers, illustrators and artists around the world.
The caption identified each of the individuals and enumerated each one's alleged criminal record.
The magazine currently features a sharply different style from its original 1977–2000 format.
The magazine is sold at newsstands in Belgium, France, and Switzerland.
Yankee Magazine was founded in 1935 and is based in Dublin, New Hampshire, United States.
In July 1906 Mir Bozhiy was closed by censors.
Metal Hammer is a monthly heavy metal music magazine published in the United Kingdom by Future Plc, and in several other countries by different publishers.
It began as a bimonthly, but has been monthly since 1927.
It has faced stiff competition from a predecessor in the airline magazines field, Airliners Magazine.
JHU Politik publishes a weekly opinion-based magazine, The Politik Press.
It is currently published by Penny Publications.
For the English-language version of this magazine, see Chatelaine.
Key content areas include bird identification, site guides, skills development, recent sightings and news and reviews.
Despite its name the magazines articles emphasis is on design and secondarily about Macintosh computing.
Initially it was published in both Finnish and English, but the final volumes were published in English only.
State Magazine is a digital magazine published by the U.S. Department of State's Bureau of Human Resources.
Over the past 28 years the channel has matured and continues to go through a process of consolidation.
It serves as a worldwide journal of record for achievements in climbing, mountaineering, ski mountaineering, and exploration of mountains.
It is a luxury travel magazine aimed at the upmarket, independent traveler.
The title refers to an Iranian mythical hero: Kaveh, a smith from Isfahan.
Horns Illustrated is a print and digital publication based in Austin, Texas, that covers University of Texas at Austin athletics.
The manga series are published in tankōbon under the Blade Comics imprint.
Flying Models was a monthly magazine dedicated to model aviation published by Carstens Publications.
Claudia is a Polish language monthly women's magazine published in Warsaw, Poland.
Seven months later, in September 2012, the magazine re-opened with a different format and with an academic rather than entertainment focus on video games.
The Music Scene is a Canadian bilingual quarterly magazine that promotes classical music in Canada.
The Chicago Reporter won recognition for reporting on the Chicago Fire Department's under-reporting fire deaths in poor and minority neighborhoods.
Süddeutsche Monatshefte was a German magazine published in Munich between January 1904 and September 1936.
The company also provides hands-on training courses, and manufacture & market Do-It-Yourself electronics projects and hobby kits and earns a revenue of over Rs.
Initially announced as an 18-month hiatus, by October 2014, it's Twitter and Facebook accounts appear to have been discontinued.
Super Jump, was a biweekly manga anthology published by Shueisha under the Jump line of magazines.
Each issue is approximately 80 pages and is written by Indian and International wine writers.
However, two years later the Japanese government shut it down and replaced it with a similar project called the Japan Foreign Policy Forum.
Harvey Pekar and Tara Seibel collaborated on comic strips for the first two issues of the magazine.
Its coverage includes programming, management, promotion, marketing, and airplay for music formatted radio.
Previous issues have covered solutions to the energy crisis, local economies, and water preservation.
The magazine publishes news and analysis about South Asia and international affairs.
In addition to these, idealistic writers, photographers and illustrators contribute to the making of Putsj.
YOLK was well known for producing its line of Got Rice?
It is a monthly publication in print, but updated daily online, where there is much extra material.
The Comic Reader was a comics news-fanzine published from 1961 to 1984.
Coilhouse was an American digital  and print magazine, and corresponding blog.
It was established by Christopher Phin and was a sister title to MacFormat.
The title lasted 14 issues until it was incorporated into Your Commodore.
It has now outgrown this initial agenda, becoming a popular science magazine that covers many national and international science issues.
Philadelphia is a regional monthly magazine published in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania by the Lipson family of Philadelphia and its company, Metrocorp.
Perspectives - First-hand accounts of experiences in the Vietnam War
The Improper Bostonian is a glossy lifestyle guide for the city of Boston.
PACO was the name of the official Mondpaca Esperantista Movado magazine.
It is targeted towards the British upper-middle class and upper class, and those interested in society events.
the so-called "next level", a section dedicated to mods, free games and bargains in general
Aero International is a German monthly magazine devoted to civil aviation.
The magazine also features statistics for each covered league and interviews with players and staff members.
Moldova was a semimonthly newspaper published in Bârlad, Romania.
In 2016, Johnson Publishing sold Jet and its sister publication Ebony to private equity firm Clear View Group.
It was published by McGraw-Hill until 1988, when it was sold to the Dutch company VNU.
TransWorld Motocross is a magazine that covers motocross and motocross racing based in Carlsbad, California.
It was first published by EMAP in October 1988 and initially covered computer games aimed at the Atari ST, Commodore Amiga, and IBM PC markets.
The award-winning magazine was a finalist for National Magazine Awards in the categories of general excellence and public interest reporting.
At that point the magazine decided to revert to publishing online in the face of declining advertising revenue.
This was the primary reason for the enmity that ensued in Washington.
Before Lemon People, adult comics tended to be more dramatic and serious.
The journal was published by the History of Chemistry Division of the American Chemical Society.
The magazine is available to the public free of charge at local community spots in Southern California.
The publication ceased operations with the Autumn issue, no.
The Socialist Review is the monthly magazine of the British Socialist Workers Party.
The ages of the readers of Bis were between 15 and 19, included senior high-school students.
There were 71 issues published, containing articles, editorials, notes, and reviews, before the journal ceased operations in October 1937.
Business Jet Traveler is a magazine marketed to regular users of private jets.
Sporting News, originally The Sporting News, is an American sports website and former print magazine.
The magazine is now used at nearly every Broadway theatre, as well as many Off-Broadway productions.
Drum was an American LGBT-interest magazine based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
SPIKES is an athletics website and magazine published by Haymarket Network in conjunction with the IAAF.
Red Lightbulbs is an online literary magazine that was founded in April 2011.
Publication was discontinued with a Farewell Edition on 2 December 2010.
is a weekly magazine produced in the UK.
Sam Bellotto Jr., is the editor and publisher.
Akher Saa is an Arabic-language weekly consumer magazine published in Egypt.
Sales are widespread throughout the Russian Federation, but are mainly concentrated in Moscow and St Petersburg.
Other polymer-related publications owned by Crain include Rubber & Plastics News, European Rubber Journal, Urethanes Technology International and Tire Business.
In August 2013 Inpress and other two magazines of the company, Drum Media and Time Off, were merged under a new title, The Music.
Leg Show was an adult fetish magazine published in the United States which specialized in photographs of women in nylons, corsets, pantyhose, stockings and high heels.
It was founded by current publisher Dov Kornits and Colin Fraser in July 1997, in Sydney.
The magazine's cover illustrations were done by Reine Hibiki, the illustrator of the yuri light novel series Maria-sama ga Miteru.
Fantastic Man is a semi-annual men's fashion magazine which was launched in 2005.
New Mexico Magazine was launched in 1923, and is the first state magazine founded in the United States.
Five Nine ceased publication in September 2014.
Ação Games was a Brazilian magazine specialized in video games that circulated between 1991 and 2003.
Friends Journal is a monthly Quaker magazine that combines first-person narrative, reportage, poetry, and news.
Rebel Magazine is a bi-annual fashion and lifestyle magazine, focusing on creative industries including designers, art, film and music.
Edition 5948 was published on 3 December 2016 and at that time a total of 6,122 editions had been published since 1887.
It publishes 10 print issues per year.
NLO) is a Russian weekly magazine, printed by Kaleydoskop publishing house and featuring paranormal phenomena-related articles.
According to RBK Daily the company is currently carries on negotiations with Kodansha, Shogakukan and Shueisha.
It receives over 10,000 hits a day.
It was later published by Macfadden Publications.
Orunodoi or Arunodoi is the first Assamese-language magazine published from Sibsagar, Assam, in 1846.
The magazine has a large circulation and is frequently cited in publications worldwide.
This position was consolidated by the launch of its English language sister magazine, Go!
In 2007, The Tyee was recognized nationally with an Honourable Mention in the category of Excellence in Journalism for Small, Medium, or Local Media.
Though independently published, throughout its existence the magazine had close ties with the Japanese government.
Today, these remain the basic goals of the magazine.
Macworld was founded by David Bunnell and Andrew Fluegelman.
As of September 2003, it has been known as a "MediaMix Game Magazine".
Its overall stated objective is to communicate, explain, promote and support the development objectives and principles of the Cotonou Agreement.
The magazine is published on a quarterly basis.
In February 2007, after 60 issues the print magazine was put on hiatus for restructuring.
Dabiq was an online magazine used by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant for propaganda and recruitment.
The publication also runs an accompanying website and video production company.
It remains one of the leading titles on both modern and historic racing.
The 1990/91 season was the first to regularly sport full colour covers.
The magazine moved in 2007 to new offices in the Sugar House neighborhood of Salt Lake City, and created a news-portal web site.
The club's anthem, "A Marcha do Sporting", was written in 1955.
Its content is exclusive to print and its contributors include popular roots music artists as well as professional critics and reporters, photographers, illustrators, and fine artists.
Its founder editor Anil Agarwal said: "Ideas are like time-bombs.
The magazine takes a parallel approach to the different design disciplines, reflecting a belief that fashion, product, furniture and architectural design can share ideas.
The Audited Bureau of Circulations reports that Fast Car's sales peaked at 127,620 copies in 2003.
Magazine, was a bimonthly magazine published by both the Humanist Association of Ireland and the Humanist Association of Northern Ireland.
It is a branch off of Nylon with a focus on the interests of guys.
A "MyMag" section originally published readers' reviews but has been superseded by a "Reader's Art" page, which includes drawings, illustrations and photography.
Henry H. Saylor was the initial managing editor, and Robert M. McBride started his career at this publication.
Kultura Popullore is a quarterly magazine published in Tirana, Albania by the Centre of Albanological Studies.
^ Nelson Dedos Garcia won 2010 Ben Wicks Award
Marketing is a Canadian business magazine about marketing, advertising and media.
In addition to a celebrity cover, every issue incorporates an art cover, which is a site-specific piece created for the exterior cover of the magazine.
The first issue of Stella had Mia Hundvin on the cover, and the interview with her led to considerable publicity.
It was acquired by TC Transcontinental in 1979.
VNU sold its American electronics magazines to Penton Publishing the next year.
Each issue featured selections from various popular manga translated into English with detailed cultural and linguistic commentary.
The magazine had readers in more than 165 countries around the world.
Modern Age's fourth editor was George A. Panichas who served from 1984 to 2007.
Investment Week is an investments magazine that covers news, fund performance and sector analysis for investment professionals.
FILTER was published by Alan Miller and Alan Sartirana.
The imprint was revived in 1983, and came to include four European editions of the magazine.
The final issue was dated June–July 2015.
It was founded by cartoonists Arthur Booth and Charles E. Kelly and writer Thomas J. Collins.
It provides a significant forum on global politics and economics in Finland and is one of the leading magazines in the country.
It has been published by the Omega Group Ltd., in Boulder, Colorado.
Easy Milano is a fortnightly magazine for the English speaking community of Milan.
Billboard is an American entertainment media brand owned by the Hollywood Reporter-Billboard Media Group, a division of Eldridge Industries.
L'Usine nouvelle is a weekly French business magazine that covers business and technology.
On 8 January 2017, Metal Hammer, along with sister magazines Classic Rock and Prog, were bought by previous owners Future Publishing for £800,000.
Lewis, and was devoted to weird, supernatural and horror fiction and poetry with an emphasis on H. P. Lovecraft's Cthulhu Mythos.
Prior to 1989, was the only automobile periodical in the USSR, designed for a wide readership.
It appeared again the following year under the name Am Féillire.
Some magazines that continue to be released have switched to online publishing only.
The Good Citizen was published from 1913 until 1933 by the Pillar of Fire Church at their headquarters in Zarephath, New Jersey in the United States.
In 1956, Chinese Literature was incorporated into the state-run Foreign Languages Press.
Its tagline was "Not Just Politics as Usual".
Eureka 61, Editors: Philipp Legner and Anja Komatar
Nuovi Argomenti is an influential Italian literary magazine which was started in 1953 in Rome.
Kiss was launched on 31 October 2002 as the first of O'Doherty's solo business ventures.
The magazine started life as a weekly email newsletter before evolving into a printed magazine.
The first digital electronic calculating machines were developed during World War II.
He was arrested in 1928, and immigrated to the United States three years later.
Brent Rutemiller is the chief executive officer of Sports Publications International and Publisher of Swimming World Magazine, SWIM Magazine and Swimming Technique Magazine since 2002.
The Condé Nast unit of Advance Publications purchased Signature, a magazine for Diners Club members, for $25 million in 1986.
Undercurrents, 'the magazine of alternative science and technology', was published in England between 1972 and 1984: when it was merged into Resurgence: 63 editions altogether.
Also approaching football from a more intellectual perspective in the german speaking area are the newer magazines ballesterer fm, Zwölf, Transparent, and Null Acht.
Based in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, the magazine ran bimonthly from November/December 1984 to March/April 1988, publishing 21 issues.
It was edited by Allister Heath; published by Andrew Neil; and owned by the Barclay brothers, who also own The Daily Telegraph.
The Computer Paper was a monthly computer magazine that was published in Canada from February 1988 until November 2008.
Avotakka is a monthly Finnish interior design magazine published in Helsinki, Finland.
FENUXE is an Atlanta-based bi-weekly magazine written for the gay community that is published by TW Media Group.
Launched by Maverick Magazines around the same time as Future's MEGA in August 1992, with issue 1 cover dated as September 1992.
Magill was widely perceived as groundbreaking, specialising in in-depth investigative articles and colourful reportage by journalists such as Eamonn McCann and Gene Kerrigan.
Established in 1960, it is the only Hindi magazine which covers a wide range of subjects including literature, science, history, sociology, politics, films and sports.
At the end of 1937, Campbell took over editorial duties under Tremaine's supervision, and the following year Tremaine was let go, giving Campbell more independence.
Chris Clarke and Mikal Trimm, who were on the original Ideomancer editorial team, edited an ebook anthology called Ideomancer Unbound published by Fictionwise in 2002.
The magazine was renamed Weekly Shonen Jump starting on January 21, 2013.
The magazine emphasizes luxury travel, eco-tourism and cultural heritage.
The magazine initially focused on publishing interviews, portraits and reviews about artists who release their music licensed under creative commons and several forms of netculture.
Weldon coined the term after being inspired by The Psychotronic Man, a low budget science fiction obscurity.
It was launched in 2002 and appears biannually.
The publication has offices in Barcelona, Valencia and Palma.
In 2015, two journalists from the magazine were given 11-month prison sentences for comments about Prime Minister Erdoğan.
Al Volante is an Italian language monthly automobile magazine based in Milan, Italy.
This feature is called the PBTT, which stands for Performance Bikes Test Track.
Liwayway is a leading Tagalog weekly magazine published in the Philippines since 1922.
It contains an eclectic mix of fiction, poetry, and nonfiction, with an emphasis on speculative fiction, fantasy or slipstream.
Published by Falcon and Associates, the brand comprises a quarterly print magazine, a digital edition for iPad and desktop and the website, all published in English.
It featured leading poets and writers of the day such as W.H.
Human Capital Magazine is the bi-monthly human resources publication of the Singapore Human Resources Institute with readership pool of over 36,000 Singaporean and international HR readers.
APSI was a Chilean magazine aimed as means of political opposition to the Pinochet dictatorship.
The first issue was published in Fall 1993.
From 1961 to 1965, it was edited by C.D.B.
The survey launched in 2007 and is run by Red Brick Research.
First published in 1977, today the print version of Modern Drummer is available in 67 countries.
"Dehak" is a biblical word meaning "stress" or "push" or "emergency" or a "time of need".
People, Places & Plants is also the name of a gardening television program syndicated by Home & Garden Television.
Radio Times is a British weekly television and radio programme listings magazine.
Books can be reviewed for printed periodicals, magazines and newspapers, as school work, or for book web sites on the Internet.
It focuses on the world news, politics and business.
Starting with Issue 34 in January 1996, Catalyst Publishing took control of the magazine, but retained the issue numbering.
Zooey Magazine was a boutique quarterly United States-based women's fashion and lifestyle magazine, with an emphasis on simple living.
Issue #1 was published in March 2000, 7 months after "parent" magazine DC-UK of which it was a spin-off.
After years of publishing a twice-monthly print edition, "City & State" has announced plans to switch to a weekly in January 2016.
Recently Reem Yassouf and Marcela Ramirez-Aza have published prints of their paintings in the magazine.
The first issue was released on 1 August 1993.
It ceased publication on March 31, 2009, citing failing ad sales as a result of the poor economy and plans to release monthly installments soon.
Exame is a Portuguese business magazine published in Paço de Arcos, Portugal.
Forward Magazine is a Syrian English-language newsmagazine published monthly in Damascus from 2007-2011.
The magazine is an independent publication and is not affiliated with Canonical Ltd., the sponsors of the Ubuntu operating system.
The headquarters of Arena was in London.
Ribon Original was a shōjo manga magazine published by Shueisha.
Arvind Ganesan, "Corporation Crackdowns: Business Backs Brutality", May/June 1999.
Love Story Magazine was a popular American romantic fiction pulp magazine, published from 1921 to 1947.
Over the decades it grew into one of the principal Catholic family magazines in the United States.
Hara-Kiri editions, subtitled "Journal bête et méchant", were constantly aiming at established powers, be they political parties or institutions like the Church or the State.
Its loss of mailing privileges at the hands of the Wilson administration's Postmaster General, Albert S. Burleson in 1917 sounded the death knell for the publication.
It is published weekly in New York and Israel.
Clarkesworld Magazine is an American online fantasy and science fiction magazine.
YQG Rocks is a Windsor, Ontario based entertainment website that reports on music, Theatre, popular culture and community news.
Arthur magazine also released CDs and DVDs under the imprint of their label.
The magazine publishes poetry, fiction, and creative nonfiction.
The Southern Literary Messenger was a periodical published in Richmond, Virginia, from August 1834 until June 1864.
In 2007, Globalist writers were in Venezuela during the controversial closing of the cable television station RCTV.
The printed edition of El Nuevo Cojo Ilustrado was highlighted by high-concept illustrations by Catalan artist ADOLF.
Sales increased in the early months, before settling down to a circulation of almost 500,000 copies a month which lasted well into the 1930s.
Glenn Law is the editor-in-chief of the magazine.
In 2012 IEEE Spectrum was selected as the winner of the National Magazine Awards “General Excellence Among Thought Leader Magazines” category.
The monthly magazine's final issue was May/June 1997.
Visual artists Tony Romano and Jay Isaac were the publishers.
The Lycos 50 Daily Report noted the magazine received more online searches than Newsweek or Reader's Digest.
The magazine contains articles on politics, economics, social life and journalist investigations.
The magazine is targeted to Native Americans who are interested in running their own businesses and seeking success stories.
In June 2010, Priyanka Chopra did the cover shoot.
They focused on rock, hip-hop, and other "alternative" forms of Christian music.
Weghat Nazar is an Arabic monthly magazine that features essays and book reviews on politics, culture, literature, and current affairs.
It is the largest computer magazine of the Netherlands.
Der Orchideengarten was a German magazine that was published for 51 issues from January 1919 until November 1921.
A group of free science journalists assist the magazine.
Extracts from the magazine were published in a 2011 book, Ateş Hırsızı Dergisi Seçkisi.
The Record is currently published eight times during the academic year and is distributed in Yale residential college dining halls and around the nation through subscriptions.
Sinker was removed as editor in early 1994, though he continued as a contributor for some years.
Nonetheless, it had its moments and served as a locus and starting point for a wide range of talent.
The magazine's makers also produced the annual Creativity Now Conference, a weekend-long seminar of panel discussions with speakers from across the creative spectrum.
Features include multicultural stories ranging from Eugene restaurants to international human rights debates.
It was the first magazine to publish comics in Brazil.
The editor-in-chief from 2010 to 2014 was literary critic Gabriel Vosgraff Moro.
It publishes articles on topics of statistical interest presented at a level suited for a general audience.
The print edition has a circulation of 4000 in Luxembourg, Germany, France and Belgium and in several other countries.
The magazine achieved great success under editor Dian Hanson during the 1990s.
Monthly Asuka is a monthly Japanese shōjo manga magazine published by Kadokawa Shoten, aimed at teenage girls.
In 1869 the Advocate was published weekly on Thursdays and reported a circulation of 1850.
Ibsen's plays Hærmændene paa Helgeland and Kærlighedens komedie were published as supplements to the magazine.
The magazine features a mix of motorcycle and product tests, with technical articles and design innovation.
"John Martin" was the pseudonym of Morgan van Roorbach Shepard.
The headquarters of the magazine is in Farmingdale, New York.
The Moneypaper is a monthly financial newsletter published by The Moneypaper, Inc. that is geared towards the small investor and long-term investing strategies.
Prior to the production of Tate Etc.
Each issue of the seventeen volume series follows a theme such as cross-dressing, omorashi, field trip, or incest.
It publishes Bride of the Water God, Goong and Hissing.
In addition, the famous feminist cartoonist Murasaki Yamada got her start working for this anthology.
In contrast to other Commodore-focused publications such as Commodore Magazine and COMPUTE!
In 1944, Lewis's articles, "Democratic Education" and "The Parthenon and the Optative" were published, while "Hedonics" appeared in 1945.
The magazine is headquartered in Toronto, Ontario.
It also covered the novel aesthetic of taking care of one's body, per nutrition, such as introducing wheatgrass juice to a broader public.
