The slender mongoose, also known as the black-tipped mongoose or the black-tailed mongoose, is a very common species of mongoose of sub-Saharan Africa.
These species are found throughout tropical and subtropical South and Central America.
The species went extinct in South Africa around 1.0 Ma.
The ecotype was originally named after Harry Scott Thornicroft, a commissioner in what was then North-Western Rhodesia and later Northern Rhodesia.
The same is seen in modern muntjacs.
Four species occur exclusively in Africa including Madagascar while two more species occur in central Papua New Guinea, and western and southern Australia, respectively.
It is from South and Central America particularly Colombia, Venezuela, Guyana, French Guiana, Brazil, Peru, Ecuador, Bolivia, Argentina, Paraguay, Suriname and Trinidad.
The head is more grayish, with a black spot on the chin.
It is a member of the subfamily Omomyinae and tribe Rooneyini.
It existed in the company of dinosaurs.
The long-tailed shrew or rock shrew is a small North American shrew found in Atlantic Canada and the north-eastern United States.
The legs and cheeks are the same color as the ventral surface.
The Tonkin snub-nosed monkey or Dollman's snub-nosed monkey is a slender-bodied arboreal Old World monkey, endemic to northern Vietnam.
They feed on shrubs, berries and roots.
The chamois has also been introduced to the South Island of New Zealand.
Chilecebus carrascoensis is an extinct species of New World monkey that lived in what is now Chile during the Early Miocene some 20 million years ago.
They have large ears in comparison to their body size and a large tail.
The agile wallaby is not considered threatened.
All species are herbivorous, and mostly grazers with simpler digestive systems than ruminants but able to subsist on lower quality vegetation.
When they were first identified in the 1920s, they were believed to be placentals and possible ancestors of the "creodonts", but this was later disproven.
The cerrado mouse, Thalpomys cerradensis, is a rodent species from South America.
Below shows the phylogeny of the extant atlantogenate families.
The snow sheep, or Siberian bighorn sheep, is a species of sheep from the mountainous areas in the northeast of Siberia.
It has a wide mouth used for grazing and is the most social of all rhino species.
The Perdido Key beach mouse is an endangered subspecies of the oldfield mouse.
Tsaidamotherium is an extinct genus of Late Miocene ovibovinid caprid from the Tibetan Plateau of Northwestern China.
Widespread and common, it is of no conservation concern.
It has distinctive ears, long and with a distinctive fold.
M. muirheadae was a quadrupedal marsupial predator, that in appearance looked similar to a dog with a long snout.
Johnston's genet is a genet species native to the Upper Guinean forests.
Belgian cryptozoologist Dr Bernard Heuvelmans proposed the specific name Leo maculatus in 1955.
It is considered particularly close to Burchell's zebra.
The species was first described in 1877, the first of many related species from the region described until the 1910s.
The yellow-sided opossum is an opossum species from South America.
T. s. stigmatica, found in the Cairns region of Queensland;
Its mating habits may vary based on the population size in the area each year.
It is the most widespread member of the genus.
All Rocky Mountain elk in Washington are the result of reintroductions conducted in the early 1900s from Yellowstone elk herds.
Taphozous is a genus of sac-winged bat - one commonly called a tomb bat - in the family Emballonuridae.
It had a shorter, broader palate with large carnassial teeth relative to its overall skull size.
They weighed about 20-150g, and were about the size of a mouse.
The species Bolodon crassidens is known from fossils of the Lower Cretaceous of England, in Durlston Bay, Dorset.
It is found in Australia, Cambodia, Indonesia, Malaysia, the Maldives, Myanmar, Papua New Guinea, the Philippines, the Solomon Islands, Thailand, and Vietnam.
Panthera is a genus within the Felidae family that was named and first described by the German naturalist Oken in 1816.
The evolutionary relationship between the members of the group is still debated, and their classification into loose tribes rather than formal subgroups reflects this uncertainty.
Alloeumyarion is an extinct genus of Cricetidae which existed in China during the early Miocene period.
The Japanese noctule is a species of bat belonging to the family Vespertilionidae.
It is highly flexible in social organization, living either in a family unit or in loosely knit packs of unrelated individuals.
Nephelomys albigularis, also known as the white-throated oryzomys or Tomes's rice rat, is a species of rodent in the genus Nephelomys of family Cricetidae.
This reflects the views of experts that cave bears may have spent more time in caves than the brown bear, which uses caves only for hibernation.
Megalomys is a genus of rodent in the family Cricetidae, part of the tribe Oryzomyini.
When available, it feeds on the seeds and cones of the Mexican pinyon and the ponderosa pine, but will also take fungi, buds, bark and carrion.
It is found in Afghanistan, Iran, and Pakistan.
Their closest relatives are the other odd-toed ungulates, which include horses, donkeys, zebras and rhinoceroses.
Black and rufous elephant shrew, Rhynchocyon petersi
It is most easily distinguished from other tapirs by its thick woolly coat and white lips.
The canyon mouse, is a gray-brown mouse found in many states of the western United States and northern Mexico.
Ferugliotherium is a genus of fossil mammals from the Campanian and/or Maastrichtian of Argentina in the family Ferugliotheriidae.
The chestnut-striped opossum is an opossum species from South America.
The montane cotton rat is a rodent species in the family Cricetidae.
The masked flying fox, Moluccan masked flying fox or masked fruit bat, is a species of flying fox in the family Pteropodidae.
It is found only in west central Peru, in rocky and shrub-covered areas at elevations between 2600 and 3000 m.
The porcupine is nocturnal and arboreal, feeding on leaves, shoots, and fruits.
It is among the largest of the African forest antelope species.
It is found in Indonesia, Malaysia, and Thailand.
Only the males possess horns which measure about 25–35 cm long.
The Aceh rat is a species of rodent from the family Muridae.
It was first identified as a distinct species to the Asia Minor ground squirrel in 2007.
It is the only species in the genus Carterodon.
The Rwandan shaggy rat is a species of shaggy marsh rat endemic to north-western Rwanda, close to the Virunga Mountains.
Cynarctina lived during the Hemingfordian stage of Early Miocene through Clarendonian stage of the Middle Miocene 20.6—10.3 Ma, existing for approximately 4.3 million years.
It lived from the Upper Cretaceous to the Paleocene in the United States.
The Nigerian free-tailed bat is a species of bat in the family Molossidae.
The genus Henkelodon was named by Hahn G. in 1977 based on a single species.
Therefore, during mating season they produce offspring who also stay in the same general area when they mature.
Though not a true gazelle, it is similarly marked, with long legs and neck.
This species is similar in appearance to the larger Taiga vole.
It is found in France, Andorra, Portugal, and Spain where it lives in a network of shallow tunnels.
Asellia is a genus of bat in the family Hipposideridae.
It is found in Cameroon, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ivory Coast, Gabon, Ghana, Guinea, Liberia, Nigeria, Sierra Leone, and Uganda.
However, it is not known how this is done, how often it can occur, or under what conditions.
Micropotamogale is a genus of small, otter-like tenrecs native to riverine habitats of West African rainforests.
Papagomys is a genus of very large rats in the tribe Rattini of the subfamily Murinae.
Their numbers have been declining due to loss of habitat caused by agriculture and deliberate destruction by humans.
It has large, shovel-like forepaws and silky fur, which helps it move easily.
However it is protected by Phong Nha-Kẻ Bàng National Park.
At two letters, Ia is the shortest possible name of any animal genus under the International Code of Zoological Nomenclature.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
The white-nosed coati, also known as the coatimundi, is a species of coati and a member of the family Procyonidae.
A population decline of at least 50% over the last three generations is projected to continue.
The thylacine was an apex predator, like the tigers and wolves of the Northern Hemisphere from which it obtained two of its common names.
In most other locations, population density of this species is rather low.
These animals live in forested areas and two species live in trees.
Felis chaus oxiana is a subspecies of the jungle cat.
Many Zygodontomys brevicauda serve as viral reservoirs, causing illnesses such as Venezuelan hemorrhagic fever.
Its subgenus Neoplatymops has sometimes been considered a separate genus.
The blocks may sometimes appear deep red and may also cover the legs.
Ferrets were likely first brought to Britain after the Norman conquest of England or as late as the 14th century.
Although material of Agathaeromys was first described in 1959, the genus was not formally named and diagnosed until 2010.
It is arboreal and found in Indonesia, Singapore, Malaysia, and Thailand.
The spectacled hare-wallaby is a species of macropod found in Australia and New Guinea.
While the original ancestral area of the Murinae is unclear, it appears that the Philippines played a key role in their early spread.
Bernardodon was a small, Lower Cretaceous mammal from Portugal.
In the wild, hamsters are crepuscular and remain underground during the day to avoid being caught by predators.
Both species have yellowish bodies with black markings, though the distribution and nature of the markings varies between the two species.
Subspecies include the extinct quagga and six recognised extant subspecies, though there is great variation in coat patterns between individuals.
Found only on the Indonesian island of Sumatra, it is rarer than the Bornean orangutan.
It is probably most closely related to Perameles sobbei, a fossil bandicoot from Queensland.
Cane rats can grow to nearly 2 ft in length and weigh a little less than 19 lb.
It was previously considered a separate species, Sorex grantii.
The vertebrae of Natchitochia are smaller than those of Eocetus and lack elongated lumbar centra and the ventral keel seen on the vertebrae of Pappocetus.
The genus Liotomus was named by E. D. Cope in 1884.
At two feet long, they are relatively large among species of monkey, and their strong, prehensile tails can be up to three feet long.
The holotype in as skull that is in Museu da Lourinhã, in Portugal.
Very few range into the southern United States.
Although their range covers a small percentage of Africa, gorillas cover a wide range of elevations.
Female caribou can live up to 17 years, and male caribou live about 13 years.
Hylomyscus pamfi Nicolas, Olayemi, Wendelen & Colyn, 2010
In the wild, on average, water voles only live about five months.
When using a pack, they can carry about 25 to 30% of their body weight for 8 to 13 km.
In Afghanistan no musk deer sighting had been scientifically reported from 1948 until 2009.
They are primarily nocturnal and spend most of the day in a den.
It probably became extinct around 1874, possibly due to overhunting.
It is found in South Asia, Far-east Asia and also in Southeast Asian regions.
The specific epithet honours the Prussian explorer and naturalist Friedrich Wilhelm Alexander von Mechow.
This gomphothere had a trunk and tusks.
The Cantabrian chamois is a slim mountain goat antelope, and is one of the 10 subspecies of the Rupicapra genus.
The Bavarian pine vole is a vole from the Austrian, Italian, and Bavarian Alps of Europe.
Pliohyrax, a genus believed extinct since the Pliocene, is one of the larger hyracoids.
Originally rain forest inhabitants, plantations have caused them to expanded them their range.
They use their echolocation to pinpoint the ripples they make on the surfaces of water.
Hares are herbivorous and feed mainly on grasses and herbs, supplementing these with twigs, buds, bark and field crops, particularly in winter.
Nevertheless, they are still threatened by habitat loss and poaching for their meat and ivory canine teeth.
The Ochre mole-rat is a species of rodent in the family Bathyergidae.
The species is listed as Data Deficient on the IUCN Red List, and there is no information on population, habitat, ecology, major threats, or conservation actions.
Plesictis was a 75 centimetres long animal, resembling a weasel with large eyes, or possibly a cacomistle.
Eoconodon's were about the size of a modern house cat, but were considered giant for mammals at the time.
There are broad, deep ‘embrasure pits’ present on the palate which would receive the crowns of the lower teeth when the jaws were closed.
It is thought to be one of the earliest monotremes.
Vicugna is a genus containing two South American camelids, the vicuña and the alpaca.
The Golan Heights blind mole-rat is a rodent species in the family Spalacidae.
Carnivoramorpha consists of both Miacoidea and Carnivora, but excludes the order Creodonta that existed alongside Carnivoramorpha.
Lambert 2005 recombined these two taxa and placed them under the generic name Xiphiacetus.
Amblysomus is a genus of golden moles in the golden mole family, Chrysochloridae.
Amphicyon, found in both Europe and N. America
They have large ears in comparison to their body size and a large tail.
It has short, spiky horns, around 5 centimetres long and hidden in hair tufts.
Wallaroo is any of three closely related species of moderately large macropod, intermediate in size between the kangaroos and the wallabies.
The placement of this genus is uncertain and it is likely to be polyphyletic.
Its range is restricted to the Pacific coast of central Costa Rica.
It is found in Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ethiopia, Nigeria, and Uganda.
It is found in Kenya and Zimbabwe.
The Perote mouse is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.
Choerolophodon is an extinct genus of proboscid which lived during the Miocene of Eurasia.
The mating season of S. Mexicanus is very long and lasts from April to mid July, with a peak in May.
It is mostly solitary, except for courtship and offspring-rearing, though groups may occasionally congregate near wallows and salt licks.
However, certain fragmented populations of Transcaspian wild ass are currently on the rise to even more than 2,000 individuals in the wild.
The long-eared gymnure is a eulipotyphlan that is found in Laos.
It shares the unusual mating behaviour of many of its relatives in that shortly after the breeding season all males die from stress-related disease.
Telicomys is an extinct genus of rodent from Brazil, South America.
This locally abundant but patchily distributed species occurs in primary and secondary forests, without affinity to particular forest types.
Despite its lack of antlers and certain other anatomical anomalies—including a pair of prominent tusks, it is classified as a cervid.
Although the group was once more widespread, all the species living today are found in the islands of Southeast Asia.
It was first described by John Gould in 1841.
These features suggest that it may not have been nocturnal.
The Chinese pika typically lives in rocky terrain at altitudes between 600–1200 meters.
It is endemic to a cave on Isla de la Juventud in Cuba.
The Eastern bent-wing bat, is a species of vesper bat in the family Vespertilionidae.
It is found in Papua New Guinea and the Solomon Islands.
It is endemic to Sulawesi island in Indonesia, including in North Sulawesi Province.
It is found in Brunei, Indonesia, and Malaysia;
The sperm whale is a pelagic mammal with a worldwide range, and will migrate seasonally for feeding and breeding.
They lived in small colonies, in burrows among the roots of trees or under hollow logs in primary forest.
Their stripes come in different patterns, unique to each individual.
Crawford's gray shrew will eat lizards, small mice, and scorpions, but its main food source is a wide variety of arthropods.
Based mainly on differences in fur length and colour he newly described six larger skins from Sind under the trinomen Felis chaus prateri.
Jackals are medium-sized omnivorous mammals of the genus Canis, which also includes wolves and the domestic dog.
This is the earliest known woolly rhino in Europe.
Dasypus are solitary mammals that are primarily nocturnal to avoid temperature extremes and predation.
Olrog's chaco mouse is a species of South American rodent in the family Cricetidae, endemic to Argentina.
It is found in West Papua, Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.
They are slender bats with unusually long tails and, as their name suggests, funnel-shaped ears.
It is a nocturnal species that lives in tropical evergreen forests from sea level to 200 m above sea level.
It is the only species in the genus Niumbaha.
The long-nosed mosaic-tailed rat or Papuan lowland paramelomys is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
The three-striped dasyure is a member of the order Dasyuromorphia.
Male dibatag weigh between 20 and 35 kg, whereas females range from 22 and 29 kg.
The black bands surrounding its eyes closely resemble those of the raccoon.
It contains the following two species and two subspecies: 
Pliopithecus antiquus has been referred to previously as Pliopithecus piveteaui.
There's an almost complete skeleton of this animal in exhibition in the American Museum of Natural History.
Though its size and structure most resemble that of the pygmy brocket, its coloration is very similar to that of the red brocket.
The ears are small and are hidden in the animal's fur.
Its type locality is in Boquete, Chiriquí from an elevation of 4,000 ft.
The hindfeet are covered with thin pale hairs.
The Papuan sheath-tailed bat or Troughton's pouched bat is a species of sheath-tailed bat in the family Emballonuridae.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests and temperate grassland.
The fourth upper premolar does not touch the upper canine and the second lower premolar is well-developed.
Saxatilomys is a genus of murid rodent native to central Laos and Vietnam, containing the sole species Saxatilomys paulinae.
South Africa has a population of this red rock hare but it is only found in the northwestern part of the country.
They are found on moist rocky slopes in eastern Canada and the northeastern United States.
The species tolerates a degree of habitat disturbance.
Trituberculata is an extinct group of animals existing in the fossil record from about 215 – 85 MYA.
Today, the dominant subspecies is only found in one location in Russia and three areas in Kazakhstan.
Females provide only for their own cubs rather than assist each other, and males display no paternal care.
Acerodon is a genus of bats in the family Pteropodidae containing five species, all native to forests in Southeast Asia, and all except one threatened.
It likely met its demise when European settlers introduced invasive species to the island.
In addition to whisker length and fur color, several other morphological differences distinguish the two, including the wider first upper molar in T. bolivaris.
The species Boffius splendidus is known from Lower Paleocene remains found in Hainin, Belgium.
The long-nosed caenolestid resembles Caenolestes species in morphology.
This animal is found in the tundra of northern Canada, Alaska and Greenland.
It was a herbivore and had hooves.
Today, the experiment is under the supervision of Lyudmila Trut, in Russia, at the Institute of Cytology and Genetics in Novosibirsk.
Additional two species – Mesonyx uqbulakensis and M. nuhetingensis – have been described from the early Eocene Arshanto Formation in China.
They are known commonly as the yellow-eared bats.
The New Guinea big-eared bat is a vesper bat endemic to Papua New Guinea.
They are excellent diggers, able to penetrate soil that even a pickaxe would have difficulty with, and spend up to nine months per year in hibernation.
The long-tailed brown-toothed shrew is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.
Bolodon is a genus of extinct mammal from the Lower Cretaceous of Europe, and possibly the Upper Jurassic of North America.
Despite Dubois' argument, few accepted that Java Man was a transitional form between apes and humans.
Ernst Mayr's water rat is a species of rodent in the family Muridae, named for evolutionary biologist Ernst Mayr.
The Nubra pika is a species of mammal of the pika family, Ochotonidae.
It is covered in soft, pale grey to brown fur, which is lighter in colour on their underside.
Like many bats, they roost in caves.
Like all hopping mice it has strong front teeth, a long tail, dark eyes, big ears, well-developed haunches and very long, narrow hind feet.
Their territories cover several square miles of forest, and can both overlap with other troops and shift over time.
It is endemic to northwestern Mexico, found only within Baja California Sur state on the southern Baja California Peninsula.
The Somali golden mole is a golden mole endemic to Somalia.
He considered the former to have no close relatives and the latter to be close to O. longicaudatus.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, swamps, pastureland, and irrigated land.
It is famous for its acrobatic displays in which it spins along its longitudinal axis as it leaps through the air.
This species was formerly considered to be a member of the genera Loncheres and Makalata.
Salpingotus is a genus of rodent in the family Dipodidae.
Another Homo heidelbergensis group ventured eastwards into continental Asia, eventually developing into Denisovans.
This species is said to have relatively primitive octodontid features, including long fur and a tail lacking a substantial tuft, a feature common amongst other octodons.
Found in Ethiopia, Kenya, Somalia, South Sudan, Tanzania and Uganda, its natural habitats are dry savanna and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
The Sultan of Sulu introduced captive elephants to Borneo in the 18th century, which were released into the jungle.
Under the IUCN Red List, the brown flower bat is classified as Least Concern because of its population and distribution.
It is 50–59 cm long plus a tail of 35–40 cm.
The few 18th-century illustrations appear to have been based on stuffed specimens.
It is very rare, and the first photograph of an Abbott's duiker in the wild was taken as recently as 2003.
Carleton and Musser redefined the rodent suborders on morphological and molecular grounds.
Setzer's pygmy mouse is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
The members of the genus Rhinoceros are the one-horned rhinoceroses.
Geoffroy's spider monkey lives in fission–fusion societies that contain between 20 and 42 members.
The straw-coloured fruit bat is a large fruit bat that is the most widely distributed of all the African megabats.
In late 2005, the Southern Resident Killer Whales, the population that inhabits British Columbia and Washington state waters, were placed on the U.S.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
The Makwassie musk shrew is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.
First incisor with lingual and dorsal enamel ringlets.
A tarsier-like tibiofibula was allocated to Afrotarsius in 1998, but the identity of this bone is controversial.
The siamang is distinctive for two reasons.
This animal is tetraploid and has 4x = 2n = 92 chromosomes.
Huaridelphis raimondii is an extinct species of river dolphin from the Early Miocene.
The Mexican grizzly bear is an extinct population of the grizzly bear.
This subfamily is united solely on the basis of shared genetic mutations.
The Barbary lion is considered a population of the African lion subspecies Panthera leo leo.
It is placed in the genus Kobus of the family Bovidae.
Albicetus is a genus of stem-sperm whales that lived around 15 million years ago, found in Santa Barbara, California in 1909.
The Indian aurochs disappeared in the Holocene, probably around 2000 BC.
The pygmy brown-toothed shrew is a species of shrew in the Soricomorpha order.
They are territorial, and only cross paths to breed.
The best known mouse species is the common house mouse.
The name "shrew-moles" refers to their morphological resemblance to shrews, while generally being thought of as "true moles".
The genus was first described by E. D. Cope in 1881.
The use of the glands is not known."
Proborhyaenid remains have been found in western Bolivia, Uruguay, southern Brazil, and the provinces of Mendoza, Salta, and Chubut, in Argentina.-
A herbivore, the royal antelope prefers small quantities of fresh foliage and shoots; fruits and fungi may be taken occasionally.
Neanderthals and modern humans share 99.7% of their DNA and are hence closely related.
Franklin's ground squirrel is a species of squirrel native to North America, and the only member of the genus Poliocitellus.
There are three main calling signals that depend on the distance the call needs to travel.
Mating in hartebeest takes place throughout the year with one or two peaks, and depends upon the subspecies and local factors.
The largest remaining brown hyena population is located in the southern Kalahari Desert and coastal areas in Southwest Africa.
Both the English and scientific names are believed to have originated from indigenous languages.
It is named after James Davies who discovered it whilst on expedition in French Guiana.
The Menzbier's marmot is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae.
Females are an average weight of 772 grams and males have an average weight of 1275 grams.
It feeds mostly on tubers and fungi, but also on leaves and other vegetation.
The animal is the sole living representative of its family and genus, though a number of related species have been found in the fossil record.
Cats can hear sounds too faint or too high in frequency for human ears, such as those made by mice and other small animals.
The protocol was invented by a team led by Mark P. McCahill at the University of Minnesota.
They are solitary or live in pairs, and the males have elongated canine teeth that are used in fights.
Recent studies place it close to the base of the genus Panthera.
They were among the more derived representatives of the informal suborder "Plagiaulacida".
Kollikodon lived in the lower Cretaceous period, during the middle Albian age.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
Gardner's spiny-rat, Proechimys gardneri, is a spiny rat species from South America.
This large species is the most stemward physeterid, retaining functional upper teeth lacking enamel.
The type and only known species is H. castanedaii, found in sediments of the La Victoria Formation in the Tolima Department in Colombia.
Recently, analysis using the phylogenetic species concept has led some authors to conclude that it should be returned to full species status.
The south-western black rhinoceros is a subspecies of the black rhinoceros, living in southwestern Africa.
Evidence suggests the two species diverged around four million years ago, likely due to some populations becoming separated as the habitat in southern Africa was changing.
It is native to a large range in Eurasia, extending from Belgium to the Altai mountains and Yenisey River in Russia.
It was 3.68 metres tall at the shoulder and weighed about 9 tonnes.
Howling allows the monkeys to locate each other without expending energy on moving or risking physical confrontation.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, moist savanna, arable land, and pastureland.
They were relatively small, ranging in size from 1 to 2 m in length.
This migratory species is a swift, powerful flier, and occasional individuals wander as far north as Canada.
The water vole is the largest North American vole.
The endocasts included dental material, including alveoli and the bases of cheek teeth but not the crowns.
The mountain degu is a species of rodent in the family Octodontidae.
Its distribution is poorly known, and it may also occur further south, into Bolivia.
So far, there is only one described species within this genus - Q. major.
It is found in Botswana, Namibia, and South Africa.
The Trinidad dog-like bat is a species of bat from the family Emballonuridae.
The distinguished Oldfield mouse is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.
The coppery brushtail possum is a species of marsupial possum in the family Phalangeridae.
It specifically excludes the fossorial forms of mouse-like rodents in the family Spalacidae.
The charming thicket rat is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
A captured specimen showed no fear of humans.
Louis's yellow-shouldered bat is a species of bat in the family Phyllostomidae.
A scansorial animal, it climbs trees but also lives on the ground.
Its length is thought to be an adaptation to movement among rocks.
The viverravids were thought to be the earliest carnivorans: they first appeared in the Paleocene of North America about 60 million years ago.
It is a member of the extinct order Multituberculata and lies within the suborder Cimolodonta.
The Mongolian vole is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.
Dating back to the 1880s, it was even seen in Tokyo.
It is found in Argentina, Bolivia and Peru.
Their size varies from about 140 grams up to 4 kilograms, but most species are about the weight of a half-grown kitten: somewhere around one kilogram.
The moor macaque is endangered mostly due to habitat loss from an expanding human population and deforestation to increase agricultural land area.
Its natural habitats are dry savanna, subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland, and arable land.
It was previously classified as a subspecies of Wolf's mona monkey C. wolf.
Males and females are about the same size, which is common among shrews in general.
Populations have declined seriously in the south and west of its range, but it remains locally common in northern New South Wales and southern Queensland.
Captive specimens are often described as being mainly arboreal, whereas wild ground cuscuses are generally described as a terrestrial species.
Its range was because both Sardinia and Corsica were joined for much of the Pleistocene.
It lives in South America, ranging throughout as far south as northern Argentina.
The name "taiga vole" comes from its living in the boreal taiga zone.
The Northern brushtail possum is a nocturnal marsupial inhabiting northern Australia.
The size of a mule and work to which it is put depend largely on the breeding of the mule's female parent.
It is found in Salta Province, Argentina.
It is found on the forest floor, often in areas with profuse undergrowth interspersed with cane and bamboo brakes and palms.
A third subspecies, the Eastern Woodland Bison is no longer considered a valid taxon, being a junior synonym of B. b. bison.
As its close relative Oxyaena was a reasonably good climber, it is possible Patriofelis could climb as well.
A nocturnal animal, the striped hyena typically only emerges in complete darkness, and is quick to return to its lair before sunrise.
Instances of river otters eating small mammals, such as mice and squirrels, and occasionally birds have been reported as well.
Adults are between 30 and 80 mm long, with a 20 to 40 mm tail, and weigh from 3 to 12 g.
The Barbary macaque population of Gibraltar is the only such population outside of Northern Africa and the only population of wild monkeys in Europe.
It is found in Mexico and in both Texas and New Mexico within the United States.
Member species are found in the African countries of Botswana, Namibia, and South Africa.
Foxes live on every continent except Antarctica.
It is known from an incomplete skeleton of an adult including maxilla, mandibles, teeth, tusks and other materials have been discovered.
Uromys is a genus of rodent from New Guinea and Melanesia.
Hartwig's soft-furred mouse or Hartwig's praomys is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
The second species, M. pickfordi, is even smaller and more hypsodont.
Therefore, scientific evidence is starting to make the connection between ecotype C and the dwarf killer whale.
The trefoil-toothed giant rat is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
Because it eats almost anything available, it is able to occupy areas with few resources or harsh conditions.
The naked-eared deer mouse is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.
The highveld golden mole is a species of mammal in the golden mole family, Chrysochloridae.
The Bismarck masked flying fox is a species of flying fox in the family Pteropodidae found in Papua New Guinea and named after the Bismarck Archipelago.
M. lamarmorai is a dwarf species, as it is estimated to have reached a shoulder height of only 1.4 m and weighed about 550 kg.
It is found in Argentina, Brazil and Paraguay.
Its only living species is the platypus; all others are extinct.
It is sometimes caught for its fur.
It measured 60-90 cm in length and had an estimated weight over 1.19 kg.
Pearson who donated the specimen described it as different in colour from Felis chaus and proposed the name Felis kutas.
The Japanese giant flying squirrel is a species of flying squirrel, one of two species of Old World flying squirrels.
Siberian bears regularly destroy hunters’ storages and huts where there is food.
Several other Mustelids also have the word ferret in their common names, including an endangered species, the black-footed ferret.
An epizootic disease had a heavy impact on a large number of mammal species in Western Australia, Notomys macrotis included.
It weighs 2.5 to 7 kg and is 38–58 cm long with a 30–47 cm tail.
Its fossils are found from Early Oligocene strata in Quercy.
Llamas are intelligent and can learn simple tasks after a few repetitions.
The species is thought to be uncommon to rare and the population decreasing.
It is found on Great Nicobar, Little Nicobar, and Trinket islands.
The Bangweulu tsessebe is an antelope found in northeastern Zambia.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, plantations, and heavily degraded former forest.
The spy hocicudo is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.
Its fossils have been discovered in Florida, Nebraska, and Oregon.
Maclear's rat was a large rat which lived on Christmas Island in the Indian Ocean.
They range from 4 to 12 cm in length, excluding the tail, and can weigh from 8 to 220 g, depending on species.
The shield-faced roundleaf bat is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae.
The genus Xanclomys, named by Rigby J.K. in 1980, is also known as Xancolomys.
It lives a solitary existence underground and produces a small litter of pups twice a year, in the two rainy seasons.
So it is possible that Deinogalerix may have lived exclusively in the Gargano.
The small-tailed, furry, brownish-gray mammal was first described in the scientific literature in 1839, from a specimen collected near the mouth of the Columbia River.
The name "pika" appears to be derived from the Tungus piika and the scientific name Ochotona is from the Mongolian word ogdoi which means pika.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
A typical warthog has two spherical pits in the back of the skull, and the Cape warthog has them too, but they are many times larger.
It is similar in colour to the American mink, but is slightly smaller and has a less specialised skull.
It was described by Robert Broom from a frontlet and horn core from Haagenstad, which Broom believed to be an intermediate form between lechwe and waterbuck.
The species epithet is a phonetic pun on the acronym NGS.
It is often hunted by the common chimpanzee.
Funding has also been made available to private landowners who are willing to create thicket-type brush habitat which doesn't have much economic value.
They have large but narrow bodies and short legs.
It is among the smallest squirrels in the world.
Cistugo lesueuri Roberts, 1919 – Lesotho and southern South Africa
It is found in Cameroon, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ghana, and Kenya.
Eggysodon is an extinct genus of odd-toed ungulate.
The northern long-eared bat occurs in northern Australia, ranging from north-western Queensland, the northern part of the Northern Territory and northern Western Australia.
There are two subspecies of this bushbaby:
It is related to the Pleistocene genus, Scelidotherium.
Disproportionately long limbs and long prehensile tails make them one of the largest New World monkeys and give rise to their common name.
Diacodexis is an extinct genus of small herbivore mammal belonging to the family Dichobunidae which lived in North America, Europe and Asia from 55.4 mya—46.2 mya.
The unadorned rock-wallaby is patchily distributed in coastal ranges from around Rockhampton to near Townsville.
Archaeopithecidae is an extinct family comprising two genera of notoungulate mammals, Acropithecus and Archaeopithecus, both known from the early Eocene of South America.
It lies within the suborder "Plagiaulacida" and family Pinheirodontidae.
Red-cheeked squirrels form a taxon under the subfamily Callosciurinae.
Savi's pipistrelle is a species of vesper bat found across North West Africa, the Mediterranean region and the Middle East.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, dry savanna, and moist savanna.
It is the state animal of Tamil Nadu.
Its fossilized remains were discovered on Seymour Island in the Antarctic Peninsula, within La Meseta Formation.
Species within the Neodon genus are classified as relics of the Pleistocene epoch because the occlusal patterns resemble the extinct Allophaiomys.
It is endemic to the island of Manus in Papua New Guinea where it occurs in forest habitats and is largely arboreal.
The father carries the babies most, but siblings will also share the carrying of youngsters, and so learn how to be good carers.
The greater mole-rat is a species of rodent in the family Spalacidae.
Nannippus lived as far south as Central Mexico to as far north as Canada, to California in the west, North Carolina and Florida in the east.
The vervet monkey, or simply vervet, is an Old World monkey of the family Cercopithecidae native to Africa.
It is a close relative of the muntjac, living somewhat further north over a wide area of central China northeastern Myanmar.
A dzo is a hybrid between the yak and domestic cattle.
It is found in Russia and Turkey.
The hispid pocket mouse is a large pocket mouse native to the Great Plains region of North America.
They are found in the Americas from the Southwestern United States to Southeastern Brazil.
Kentriodontidae is an extinct family of odontocete whales related to modern dolphins.
This family is related to the other families of extinct ground sloths, Megatheriidae, Mylodontidae, Nothrotheriidae, and Scelidotheriidae.
It is found in Ecuador and Peru.
Its behavior is similar to that of other subspecies of mule deer.
It is found in China, India, Myanmar, Nepal, and Sri Lanka.
Two other described species became extinct during the Quaternary.
The least yellow bat is a species of vesper bat.
This taxon is regarded by some authorities as being a subspecies of the black-tailed jackrabbit, found on the mainland of Mexico.
It has short, dark fur, often with a few white tufts, a white belly, and a few stiff hairs around the feet and tail.
They failed to identify any indigenous Australian names for U. hadrourus, so recommended the adoption of the name Kuku, the Kuku-Yalanki name for any rat.
It is a subspecies of the white-fronted capuchin.
Approximately a metre in length, the animal possessed only minimal physical adaptations for swimming.
It was formerly classified as Poiana richardsonii leightoni and considered a subspecies of the oyan.
Although sometimes synonymized with Megaloceros, Praemegaceros and Megaceroides are apparently generically distinct.
The Namib brush-tailed gerbil or Setzer's hairy-footed gerbil, is a species of gerbil in Angola and Namibia.
The mouse was recognized as a new species in 2004 by Thomas Cucchi, a research fellow at the University of Durham.
It is found in Benin, Ivory Coast, Ghana, Guinea, Liberia, Nigeria, and Togo.
A significant threat to the survival of this antelope is hunting for bushmeat.
Hylaeamys perenensis, formerly Oryzomys perenensis, also known as the western Amazonian oryzomys, is an oryzomyine rodent of the family Cricetidae.
Like its close relative the common degu, the Mocha Island degu is diurnal.
Habitat loss is a potential threat to this little known species, although it seems to tolerate habitat loss and modification.
The shape of its claws suggests that it probably dug through the soil in search of food, most likely small invertebrates.
The IUCN lists its conservation status as Least Concern.
Cervus elaphus acoronatus is an extinct subspecies of deer belonging to the family Cervidae.
Pilot whales eat squid primarily, and also fish.
It is also an uncommon resident of the Southern Bahamas.
It is found only on Fernandina in the Galápagos Islands, which it shares with N. indefessus narboroughi.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Basal hairs of the vent of Loris lydekkerianus grandis are black and whereas those of Loris lydekkerianus nordicus are white in colour.
Only four mounted specimens remain, in museums in Leiden, Stockholm, Vienna, and Paris, along with skulls and horns in various museums.
The Vietnamese sika deer is one of the many subspecies of the sika deer.
An arboricole [living in trees] habit is assumed.
Though a carnivore, dentition suggests this animal was a hypercarnivore or mesocarnivore.
Eocene specimens have been found in Mexico and the United States.
Erinaceidae is a family in the order Eulipotyphla.
The Guinea baboon is a highly communicative animal.
The former is known from Colombia and the latter from Ecuador, but the exact distribution limit between the two is not known.
Similar to Gondwanatherium, this genus had high-crowned teeth, which are very useful for eating grasses.
They differ from other mesonychian families in having less highly modified teeth.
It is a rare species found in the upland areas of the eastern United States.
It is most closely related to the Sunda slow loris and the Bengal slow loris.
In Trinidad, it is colloquially known as quenk.
Nolthenius's long-tailed climbing mouse, also known as Sri Lanka highland tree mouse, is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
Hand and foot are adapted to plantigrade locomotion.
Mackilligin's gerbil, Dipodillus mackilligini, also known as Mackilligin's dipodil, is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
Mus mayori is a species of rodent in the genus Mus, the mice.
Other extinct beavers, including the better-known Palaeocastor, were also fossorial, but Migmacastor may have become a burrower independently.
It is threatened by habitat loss due to forest clearing.
It is the smallest European rodent; an adult may weigh as little as 4 grams.
Eventually, research failed to find evidence that the jaguar was divided into different subspecies.
The giant sable antelope is evaluated as critically endangered on the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species.
I. illumidens is the best-preserved representative of this extinct clade of vombatiforms.
The northern mole vole is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.
Primarily a browser, the mountain nyala may switch to grazing occasionally.
In 1965 Simons and Pilbeam replaced Proconsul with Dryopithecus, using the same species names.
The northern pygmy mouse is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.
Various other prehistoric and living creatures have also developed this feeding style; examples are the chalicotheres, ground sloths, the giant panda and, possibly, the therizinosaur dinosaurs.
The Haida Gwaii black bear is a morphologically distinct subspecies of the American black bear.
These two species are closely related to the baboons, and until recently were lumped together as a single species of baboon.
The giant otter is also rare in captivity; in 2003, only 60 animals were being held.
The tucuxi, alternatively in Peru bufeo gris or bufeo negro, is a species of freshwater dolphin found in the rivers of the Amazon Basin.
The English name of the Neblina uakari refers to the Pico da Neblina, which marks the approximate center of its known distribution.
The broad-striped Malagasy mongoose is a species of Galidiinae, a subfamily of mongoose-like euplerids native to Madagascar.
It existed in the age immediately following the extinction of the last dinosaurs and was a member of the extinct order Multituberculata.
The eastern cave bat or Troughton's forest bat is a species of vesper bat in the family Vespertilionidae.
The Johnston's African dormouse is a species of rodent in the family Gliridae.
Many authorities consider the endangered salt marsh harvest mouse to be a subspecies, but the two are now usually treated separately.
The grey-crowned Central American squirrel monkey is a subspecies of the Central American squirrel monkey.
They are a significant nuisance in the agricultural regions of South Africa, and are hunted fairly extensively.
Its markings are brownish on the top and white to yellow on its underside, with strongly dark rings around its eyes.
The infant rides on its mother's back for 16 weeks, and is weaned at 20 months.
It is also known as the Chinese giant flying squirrel.
The Lunda rope squirrel is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae.
The Jamaican monkey is an extinct species of New World monkey first uncovered at Long Mile Cave in Jamaica by Harold Anthony in 1919.
Their bodies are covered with long, loose hair but their heads are bald.
A single young is born in November or December.
The Guianan spear-nosed bat is a bat species from South America.
The Sunda clouded leopard, also known as the Sundaland clouded leopard, is a medium-sized wild cat found in two Indonesian islands of Borneo and Sumatra.
They live in mountainous countries in Asia, with two species also in North America.
The plains viscacha can strip grassland used to graze livestock; this caused ranchers to consider the rodent a pest species.
When it was chased, it tended to seek refuge in a hollow tree.
It is considered to be endangered, possibly down to as few as 5–10,000 individuals spread over a wide area.
It is monotypic within the genus Megaloglossus.
The Bornean white-bearded gibbon was formerly considered a subspecies of the agile gibbon but based on DNA research, some now classify it as a separate species.
Although it had traditionally been perceived as a carnivore because of its large, triangular-shaped teeth, Vizcaino and Farina argued in 1997 that Peltephilus was a herbivore.
Lataste's gerbil, Gerbillus latastei, is distributed mainly in Tunisia, Libya, and possibly Algeria.
Examples of Paracamelus include the High Arctic camel reported in 2013.
Fossils have been found in the Upper Jurassic Morrison Formation of Wyoming.
Megalotragus was a genus of very large extinct African alcelaphines that occurred from the Pliocene to early Holocene.
The Northern flying squirrel is one of three species of the genus Glaucomys, the only flying squirrels found in North America.
The Antarctic fur seal is one of eight seals in the genus Arctocephalus, and one of nine fur seals in the subfamily Arctocephalinae.
The species was formally described in 2005 and is most closely related to the only other species of Voalavo, Voalavo gymnocaudus from northern Madagascar.
Its habitat is grassy areas overlying sand dunes.
It has soft silky fur and grows to be 5 inches long, although nearly half of that is the tail.
In the 1820s, the German explorer Eduard Rüppell collected a female Felis Chaus near Lake Manzala in the Nile Delta.
Potamotherium an extinct genus from the Miocene epoch, which has been assigned both to the mustelids and to the pinnipeds.
Its knobby teeth were small and covered with enamel.
It is the largest muntjac species and was discovered in 1994 in Vũ Quang, Hà Tĩnh Province of Vietnam and in central Laos.
All lobodontine seals have circumpolar distributions surrounding Antarctica.
The spectral tarsier is a species of tarsier found on the island of Selayar in Indonesia.
The Thomas's pygmy mouse is a species of rodents in the family Muridae.
The species N. maquinense is named after the Maquiné Grotto in Brazil, where it was found.
It was formerly considered conspecific with C. goldmani.
They live in the eastern and central Amazon in South America, ranging through southern Venezuela, Guyana, Suriname, French Guiana and northern and central Brazil.
It was later described in 2001 and 2002, from France and Austria, respectively.
Individuals are a sandy grey colour, with white chest hairs and a paler underbelly.
Like the yellow baboon, the Kinda baboon is golden in color with a light build and lanky appearance.
Gobiatherium was one of the last Uintatheres, from the Mid Eocene of Mongolia.
No other examples of this species have been found; as a result very little is known about it.
The living animal would have resembled a modern giraffe, but, somewhat shorter, and with more massive ossicones.
All 8 species are nocturnal carnivores which hunt a range of small creatures, typically insects, larvae, insect eggs, small lizards and the young of small mammals.
Townsend's mole is classified as Least Concern by the IUCN, however in Canada it is considered an endangered species.
Kemp's spiny mouse is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
It travels in groups of up to 2000, often with other cetaceans, in deep waters of the North Pacific.
Chipmunks are small, striped rodents of the family Sciuridae.
Fossils have been recovered in Ethiopia, Namibia and South Africa.
Bishops is an extinct genus of mammals from Early Cretaceous of Australia.
This status has resulted from deforestation of its habitat, encroachment, and poaching.
It is found in Chile and Peru.
Honanodon is an extinct genus of hapalodectid mesonychian found Middle to Late Eocene strata of China and Pakistan.
Oxymycterus hucucha, also known as the Quechuan Hocicudo, is a species of rodent in the genus Oxymycterus of family Cricetidae from South America.
Ramasayia was a genus of giant wombat, weighing around 100kg.
It is found in grassland and other disturbed areas.
The closest relatives of M. kalinowski are members of Nyctinomops.
They are about 18 cm long with a 4 cm tail and weigh about 50 grams.
It is also found in eastern South Sudan, east of the Nile River, for example in Boma National Park.
This vermivory is probably the result of a rat-like animal moving into an ecological niche usually filled by shrews.
It is found throughout India, Sri Lanka, and Bangladesh.
It is found only in a small part of northwestern Argentina.
Their personal experiences are well documented by Matthiessen in his book, The Snow Leopard.
These cetaceans are predominantly black, white beneath, and one of the few without a dorsal fin or ridge.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
It comprises all hominids that arose after orangutans split from the line of great apes.
The small-tooth mole is very similar to other moles.
It is the only member of the genus Spelaeomys.
He admitted that the skin closely resembled those of P. p. saxicolor, but is distinguishable from the typical P. p. fusca in colour.
It exhibits a karyotype that qualifies it as a more primitive species than the N. mexicana.
The genus name Eira is derived from the indigenous name of the animal in Bolivia and Peru, while barbara means "strange" or "foreign".
They superficially resemble the Moeritheriidae in both size and cheek tooth morphology, but lack their characteristic tusks.
It is vulnerable to extinction by habitat loss.
Its presence is uncertain in Nigeria, Guinea-Bissau, and Uganda due to over hunting by European colonialists.
Millet's leopoldamys was originally recognized in 1922 by Herbert Christopher Robinson and Cecil Boden Kloss as a "remarkably distinct race" of Edwards's long-tailed giant rat.
It is named for Joseph Slevin, a curator at the California Academy of Sciences.
Soergelia is a genus of extinct ovibovine caprine that was common across Europe and Asia in the Pleistocene epoch.
The Yakushima macaque is a subspecies of Japanese monkey which is indigenous to Yakushima Island.
The wrinkle-faced bat is a species of bat in the family Phyllostomidae.
Major's tufted-tailed rat is a species of rodent in the family Nesomyidae.
The Latona's shrew is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.
The antillean cave rat is an extinct species of spiny rat of the genus Heteropsomys that was native to Puerto Rico.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
The Wrangel lemming is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.
Heptner's pygmy jerboa is a species of rodent in the family Dipodidae.
It is found in the montane forests along the mountains of western Sumatra, Indonesia.
Kutchicetus is smaller than other remingtonocetids, and probably is the smallest Eocene cetacean.
Chibchanomys is a genus of rodent in the family Cricetidae.
The head-and-body length of this medium-sized antelope is typically between 100–135 cm.
Fossil remains of Megahippus have been found across the U.S., from Montana to Florida.
Spinolestes is an extinct mammal genus from the Early Cretaceous of Spain.
The Bahamian raccoon, also called Bahama raccoon or Bahamas raccoon, is a subspecies of the common raccoon endemic on the New Providence Island in the Bahamas.
This includes both sedentary and migratory populations.
As it needs to be able to survive underground, it has a significant tolerance to high levels of carbon dioxide and low levels of oxygen.
Most are nocturnal, social, burrowing animals, though the degu is largely diurnal.
One of the most outstanding features of this family of squirrel-like, arboreal mammals, was the peculiar shape of their last lower premolar.
The strange big-eared brown bat, is a bat species from South America.
C. spelea would have been able to prey on larger animals than its smaller relative could have, including the recently extinct giant lemurs.
It is generally of a very light yellowish colour, with dark limbs and a dark mask across the face.
This monkey is sometimes called the "costumed ape" for its extravagant appearance.
They are generally considered diurnal, but at least some species can be active during the night.
The telemetacarpal deer maintain their distal lateral metacarpals, while the plesiometacarpal deer maintain only their proximal lateral metacarpals.
It is found in China, Malaysia, Myanmar, Thailand, and Vietnam.
Lufengpithecus keiyuanensis is a prehistoric species of orangutan from the Late Miocene to the Pliocene of China.
It is a small deer with short legs, weighing 15 to 20 kilograms.
A few additional specimens have been found since, from the type locality and from a location in Jujuy Province, northern Argentina.
The Phalangeroidea are a superfamily of mammals that include the families Burramyidae and Phalangeridae, as well as the extinct families Ektopodontidae and Miralinidae.
Very little is known about this species but it is possible that it is also present on some of the other islands in this group.
Primitive bushbabies are thought to have been the ancestors of all lemurs.
It is endemic to South Andaman Island, India.
It is found from central Mexico north to Utah and Colorado in the United States.
Bandicota is a genus of rodents from Asia.
Together with the sloths, they are within the order Pilosa.
The caves where the species lived in Réserve Spéciale d’Ankarana were all associated with cool temperatures, high elevation, and a close proximity to water.
Its scientific name in Latin is Napaeozapus insignis, meaning glen or wooded dell + big or strong feet + a distinguishing mark.
The Mount Hermon field mouse and the yellow-breasted field mouse were considered conspecific with the steppe field mouse by Musser and Carleton.
This species was discovered in 2004 and is found in Central Mexico.
Reports of P. pauliani from Cosmoledo Atoll east of Aldabra are believed to be erroneous descriptions of individuals actually collected on Picard Island.
Its karyotype has 2n = 60 and FNa = 70.
Distinguishing between the two species would require material from the skull or mandible.
The Mount Gargues pipistrelle is a species of vesper bat found in Kenya and possibly Ethiopia.
Although originally described as a separate species by Thomas, it has often been considered a subspecies of the slender mongoose.
As the more recent studies have concluded the latter, this is probably more realistic.
The colonies that they form may have anywhere from ten to more than one thousand members, and females usually give birth to a single young.
Shoshonius belongs to the extinct primate family Omomyidae, and shares many features with modern-day tarsiers.
The bicolored-spined porcupine has a fully prehensile tail that is primarily free of spines.
The Peruvian night monkey is also one of the least studied of all primates.
With the help of its Eimer's organs, it may be perfectly poised to detect seismic wave vibrations.
Equines are odd-toed ungulates with slender legs, long heads, relatively long necks, manes and long tails.
The tarpan, also known as Eurasian wild horse or simply, wild horse, was a subspecies of wild horse.
Their habitat extends throughout the Midwestern United States, in some areas of the Northeastern United States, eastern Canada, and also in the United Kingdom.
The northern grass mouse, or northern akodont, is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.
Leptaucheniinae was a taxon of small, goat-like oreodonts with proportionally big heads found throughout North America during the Late Oligocene.
The blackbuck inhabits grassy plains and slightly forested areas.
They feed on grasses, sedges, other green vegetation and mosses, also snails and slugs.
Its head and body length is 8.5 in with a 10-in tail, and it weighs about 10 oz.
Percrocuta's relation to the family Hyaenidae was debated until 1985, when Percrocuta, Dinocrocuta, Belbus, and Allohyaena were accepted as the four genera of Percrocutidae.
Andalgalomys is a genus of rodent in the family Cricetidae.
It is primarily threatened by habitat loss and the illegal wildlife trade.
It finds its food foraging through the lower and middle levels of the forest.
The lesser Angolan epauletted fruit bat is a species of megabat in the family Pteropodidae.
Leithia is a genus of extinct giant dormice from the Mediterranean islands of Malta and Sicily.
Its fur is generally brown, with a lighter tail and chestnut-red undersides, neck and cheeks.
It was originally described as a distinct species by Oldfield Thomas in 1892, but was subsequently re-evaluated as a subspecies by Richard Lydekker in 1912.
Anoa, also known as midget buffalo and sapiutan, are a subgenus of Bubalus comprising two species native to Indonesia: the mountain anoa and the lowland anoa.
The addax was once abundant in North Africa, native to Chad, Mauritania and Niger.
Lichtenstein's jerboa is a species of rodent in the family Dipodidae.
A potoroo is a kangaroo-like marsupial about the size of a rabbit.
Kunsia is the genus of the South American giant rats.
Fossils found in Mexico, Texas, Arizona, New Mexico, Oklahoma, Kansas and Florida have been identified as Equus conversidens.
Their forearms are normally around 7 centimetres.
The Allen's swamp monkey is a primate species categorized in its own genus Allenopithecus in the Old World monkey family.
It is one of the smaller subspecies, due to the tropical environment they live in.
Breeding takes place throughout the year with both sexes becoming sexually mature by the time they are a year old.
Weaning occurs at one month, and juveniles mature by nine months.
It is found in India, Nepal, and Pakistan.
These bats prefer to roost in areas generally lighter than other species of bats.
The Kachin red-backed vole is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.
This area is defended vehemently against other gibbons.
The Mzab gundi is a species of rodent in the family Ctenodactylidae.
The northern muriqui can grow up to 4.3 ft tall.
Because it is widely distributed and common, Akodon spegazzinii is listed as "least concern" on the IUCN Red List.
This is the only genus described for this family.
It is also known as Bosman's potto, after Willem Bosman who described the species in 1704.
The genus was formally named by G. L. Jepsen in 1940.
Colobuses are important for seed dispersal through their sloppy eating habits, as well as through their digestive systems.
Propalaeotherium was an early genus of equid endemic to Europe and Asia during the Middle Eocene.
Giraffokeryx is considered monotypic by most authors, in the form of G. punjabiensis, but other species have been assigned to the genus:
North Atlantic populations were extirpated on the European coast before AD 500 and on the American coast around the late 17th to early 18th centuries.
Its natural habitats are moist savanna, subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland, caves, and arable land.
In common with other night monkeys, the Panamanian night monkey is one of the few monogamous monkeys.
A new species, K. walkeri, was described from the early Miocene of Kenya by Terry Harrison in 2010.
The narrow-nosed planigale is a species of very small marsupial carnivore of the family Dasyuridae.
It is found in southeast India and Sri Lanka.
Petter's soft-furred mouse, or Petter's praomys is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
They usually nest among or below rocks in underground burrows.
Representatives are known from the upper Cretaceous and the Paleocene of Europe.
The cloud forest grass mouse is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.
Bunomys is a genus of rodent from Sulawesi and Buton Island.
The species is named after Emilio Budin, an Argentine specimen collector who worked with Oldfield Thomas.
The Mount Kenya mole shrew is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae endemic to Mount Kenya in Kenya.
It entered Asia during the early Turolian and spread to Europe not much later, where it survived until the Middle Pleistocene.
They have a fluffy and soft fur.
The Macedonian mouse is a species of rodent in the family Muridae and order Rodentia.
Its karyotype has 2n = 38-42, and it probably represents several distinct species.
It has gray legs with pale feet and black soles.
The male Indian muntjac has small, unbranched antlers which grow to about 15 centimeters in length.
The New Guinean long-nosed bandicoots are members of the order Peramelemorphia.
It prefers seasonally flooded forest floors between Cameroon and the Victoria Nile.
Cannibalism was reported among babirusas, feeding on the young of their own species or other mammals.
The sepia short-tailed opossum is a species of opossum in the family Didelphidae found in Colombia, Ecuador, Panama, Peru and Venezuela.
The mottle-faced tamarin is a species of tamarin from South America.
It is the only Antechinus to be found in the Northern Territory and has a patchy, restricted range.
It is native to the islands of Mauritius and Réunion.
Orangutans are among the most intelligent primates; they use a variety of sophisticated tools and construct elaborate sleeping nests each night from branches and foliage.
It was a member of the extinct order of Multituberculata within the suborder Cimolodonta and possibly the family Cimolodontidae.
The Ethiopian striped mouse or striped-back mouse is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
They are eaten in some African countries and are a pest species on many crops.
J. chaotoensis was named after the province of Jiangxi, where it was found.
B. occidentalis may have declined in numbers because of competition with other grass eaters of the megafauna epoch.
As a marsupial, it was not closely related to these placental mammals, but because of convergent evolution it displayed the same general form and adaptations.
The small hocicudo is a little known species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.
Goldman's water mouse is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.
Balbaroo fangaroo is an extinct species of kangaroo.
The woolly dormouse is a species of rodent in the family Gliridae endemic to Turkey.
Members of this genus are small, active predators, with long and slender bodies and short legs.
Mesungulatidae is an extinct clade of meridiolestidan dryolestoid mammals from the Late Cretaceous of South America.
Tullberg's soft-furred mouse or Tullberg's praomys is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
It is in the family Procyonidae, which also includes raccoons, olingos, and kinkajous.
Thus melanism in rock pocket mice is considered a fabulous example of adaptation by natural selection.
Cosoryx furcatus is an extinct species of antilocaprid that lived in the Miocene of Nevada.
However, experts believe that it died out before 1500 AD.
Turkish hamsters have lifespans of about two years and are solitary, nocturnal animals, which practice hibernation.
It was about the size of large cattle, with a weight of 600–800 kg depending on the species.
The Palawan Spiny Rat is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
The genus flourished from around 58.7 to 55.8 Ma.
The white-toothed brush mouse, white-toothed melomys, or white-toothed mouse is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
The only known conservation measures are that it is protected by Sabah Wildlife Conservation Enactment 1997 as "Melogale personata" and it occurs in Kinabalu Park.
It takes its name from John Reeves, an employee of the British East India Company in the 19th century.
Male territoriality and mother–foal relationships form the basis of the social system of the Grévy's zebra.
Dusicyon is an extinct genus of South American canids.
As is the case for many callitrichines, the father and the other group members take part with the raising of the offspring.
They are placed in the subfamily Macropodinae, along with other Australasian marsupials such as wallabies, kangaroos, tree-kangaroos, pademelons, and quokkas.
It is found in northeastern Peru and adjacent Ecuador, where it is found in the Amazon rainforest.
It is known only from six specimens so it is considered rare and feeds on insects and small fruits.
Gilbert's dunnart is a recently discovered dunnart, described in 1984.
The sooty dunnart is a species of dunnart found in Western Australia.
The Mauritanian gerbil, Gerbillus mauritaniae, is distributed mainly in northern Mauritania.
The site was subsequently revisited and another specimen, a partial cranium, was discovered.
Breeding takes place year-round, and peaks in the rainy season, when forage is most abundant.
The buffy broad-nosed bat, Platyrrhinus infuscus, is a bat species from South America.
Pliocrocuta is an extinct genus of terrestrial carnivore the family Hyaenidae.
This species is insectivorous and roosts in trees.
It is found in humid forests in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Republic of the Congo, the Central African Republic and South Sudan.
It existed in what is now Slovakia during the Miocene period.
It is known from a handful of specimens, the last of which was collected in 1901 or possibly 1902.
Its natural habitats are dry savanna and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
Central American dwarf squirrel, Microsciurus alfari Allen, 1895, Costa Rica, Nicaragua, Panama, Northern Colombia
They are generally social animals that live in small harems to large herds.
It was endemic to Puerto Rico and is known only from subfossil skeletal material.
Guanacos have grey faces and small, straight ears.
It first existed around 58 million years ago.
In addition, at least two extinct species are known:
It is found in Cameroon, Central African Republic, Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon and Uganda.
The species is related to the widespread lesser noctule, and in the past was treated as a subspecies of that species.
The scientific name of the species is first published by Müller in 1840.
The Cuban nesophontes is an extinct species of soricomorph of the genus Nesophontes.
It is most common in the taiga of southern Siberia, but is also found in parts of Mongolia, Inner Mongolia, Manchuria and the Korean peninsula.
The Bactrian camel is a large, even-toed ungulate native to the steppes of Central Asia.
In Spanish it is referred to as a huroncito or grisón and in Portuguese as a furão.
Endemic to the sandstone massif of western Arnhem Land, the population is highly fragmented as a result of the topographic complexity of the deeply dissected plateau.
The Unduavi gracile opossum is a species of opossum in the family Didelphidae.
It is also known in English as the 'bush cat'.
The lesser yellow bat is a vesper bat found only on Madagascar and Réunion.
Around 20 million years ago, during the Miocene Period, some of Earth's environments were changing, forests and swamps were receding as more plains were developed.
Laventiana annectens is a previously unidentified middle Miocene primate from the La Venta deposits of Colombia.
They are by far the most abundant seal species in the world.
The European mole is a mammal of the order Eulipotyphla.
This genus is sometimes placed within family Eucosmodontidae.
Xyronomys is an extinct genus of small mammals from the Paleocene of North America, with two described species.
The gray-bellied pencil-tailed tree mouse is a species of arboreal rodent in the family Muridae.
In contrast, the taurine cattle breeds, which are native to Europe, the Near East, and other parts of the world, are descendants of the Eurasian aurochs.
It is listed as "Least Concern" by the IUCN.
Their colour varies from reddish brown to dark brown and becomes darker with age.
It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
The Panay cloudrunner is the second-largest cloud rat, a squirrel-like rodent that is found on the island of Panay in the Philippines.
Calves are suckled for four to six months; young males—forced out of the all-female groups—join bachelor herds, while females may stay back.
It occurs in the sand dunes of Florida and Alabama beaches.
As other species declined larger numbers of common minke whales were caught, largely for their meat.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical swamps.
It was discovered in the Truong Son mountain range in Vietnam in 1997.
Oldfieldthomasiidae is an extinct family of notoungulate mammals known from the Paleocene and Eocene of South America.
30 names for Cynopterus species have been proposed, but only 16 are taxonomically valid forms.
It is found only on the Islas Marías off the west coast of Mexico.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, dry savanna, and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
It is found in Southwest China and was discovered in 2007.
Compared to E. miletus the skull is shorter and not as wide, with a significantly lower profile.
It is found in Angola, Botswana, Namibia, and South Africa.
There is much geographic variation in size, proportions, color, and skull features.
It is found in Indonesia, Papua New Guinea, and Solomon Islands.
Visagie's golden mole is a small, insectivorous mammal of the family Chrysochloridae, the golden moles, endemic to South Africa.
The tragus is narrow and ends in a rounded tip.
Its name is a reference to Mount Kinabalu, though it is not restricted to this mountain.
The northern plains gray langur is a species of primate in the family Cercopithecidae.
the mandibular symphysis is short, has a rugose joint surface, but lacks a symphyseal groove.
Its remains were first discovered in Sichuan, China, in strata from the Middle Pleistocene.
The head-and-body length ranges from 9 to 11.5 centimetres, and the weight is between 25 and 32 grams.
Most live up to six years in nature.
It is found in Ethiopia, Mali, Somalia, and Sudan.
In 2006, it was classified as a separate species, distinct from its continental relative Neofelis nebulosa.
Both male and female capuchins exhibit different dominance behaviors within the group.
Details of mating behavior and reproduction have not been documented.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
It is found in Brazil and Paraguay.
It is found in coastal dunes of Rio Grande do Sul state, southern Brazil.
Uintatheres were the largest land animals of their time, surviving from the late Paleocene into the Uintan Epoch of the Middle Eocene.
This crested mangabey was previously thought to be just be a population of the grey-cheeked mangabey.
Its natural habitats are temperate grassland and temperate desert.
Pithecheir is a genus of rodent in the family Muridae endemic to Southeast Asia.
Both the barren-ground and woodland caribou often have white "socks" above their hooves.
Oryzomys gorgasi, also known as Gorgas's oryzomys or Gorgas's rice rat, is a rodent in the genus Oryzomys of family Cricetidae.
Primarily browsers, the dibatag feed on foliage and young shoots and shrubs.
It is found in Indonesia and Malaysia.
It shelters in rocky terrain adjacent to feeding areas.
It was assigned to Amphicyonidae by Carroll.
H. morpheus was described by the palaeontologist Dorothea Bate in 1919.
Wealthy people in Ancient Rome also bred them.
Euthlastus is an extinct genus of Late Jurassic mammal from the Morrison Formation.
The name "pine marten" is derived from the common but distinct Eurasian species of Martes.
It is generally, morphologically, an intermediate between the coyote and gray wolf, and is of a reddish, tawny color.
Bibimys labiosus - Large-lipped Crimson-nosed Rat - south-east Brazil
The intelligent grass mouse or Patagonian akodont is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.
It is monotypic within the genus Ardops.
Some 6,000 years ago, they were captured and killed with the help of desert kites.
The Protoxerini comprise a tribe of squirrels found in Africa.
It is endemic to the island of Mindoro.
Its range extended across Eurasia during the Pleistocene, from Ireland to Siberia to China.
It occurs in the Central African Republic, the Sudan, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Uganda, Rwanda, Burundi, and Tanzania.
The pale fox is a species of fox found in the band of African Sahel from Senegal in the west to Sudan in the east.
Crateromys is a genus of rodent, native to the Philippines, in the family Muridae.
The coat colour varies from brown to grey.
The toque macaque is a reddish-brown-coloured Old World monkey endemic to Sri Lanka, where it is known as the rilewa or rilawa,.
Its natural habitats are savannas, shrublands, Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation, hot deserts, arable land, rural gardens, and urban areas.
The Nicobar treeshrew is a treeshrew species within the Tupaiidae.
Some anthropologists have suggested that the identification of A. deyiremeda as a new species requires more evidence than has been obtained thus far.
It is endemic to Mexico, where it is known only from western Baja California.
One of the main arguments is concerning mesquite.
The skull is robust and the molars are low-crowned and cuspidate.
Moncton's mosaic-tailed rat is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
The English name refers to their facial wattles, which are particularly distinct in males.
The fossil was discovered in the Driftwood Creek Beds near Smithers, British Columbia, about 670 kilometers north of Vancouver.
The fur of the broom hare is a mixture of brown and black, with very little white on the upper part of the body.
Southern flying squirrels, Glaucomys volans, are smaller and have belly hairs that are completely white.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, dry savanna, and caves.
The hippopotamus is a highly aggressive and unpredictable animal and is ranked among the most dangerous animals in the world.
It is threatened by habitat loss due to deforestation.
It is found in Cameroon, Central African Republic, Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Kenya, and Uganda.
The Mindanao flying squirrel is a common species of squirrel that is endemic to the Philippines.
It is found on grassland at high altitudes in Bolivia and Peru.
The jungle palm squirrel, jungle striped squirrel, or Western Ghats squirrel is a species of rodents in the family Sciuridae endemic to India.
The fossils are displayed at the Shaanxi History Museum, Xi'an.
For the first three months, mothers carry their offspring, which reach sexual maturity at around 20 months.
They were grazing animals about the size of a modern sheep.
This genus is apparently differentiated by the number of cusps on the tooth; 15.
The lifespan of Kirk's dik-dik in the wild is typically 5 years, but may surpass 10 years.
These pale stripes are separated by dark brownish stripes.
Fossils are known from the ‘Bridger B’, site of Black’s Fork member of the Bridger Formation and includes an almost complete skeleton.
The two extant species are the long-finned pilot whale and the short-finned pilot whale.
Orophodontidae is a family of extinct ground sloths within the order Pilosa and suborder Folivora.
It is native to certain south western regions of South Africa.
The pelage varies in color from dark brown to dull yellow with a cream-colored throat.
The broad-striped tube-nosed fruit bat, also known as the greater tube-nosed bat is a species of megabat in the Nyctimene genus.
The closest living relatives are probably the chaco mice, the leaf-eared mice, and Salinomys.
The total population is estimated at 380,000 individuals, with a declining trend.
The male yellow-footed antechinus engages in such frenzied mating that its immune system becomes compromised, resulting in stress related death before it is one year old.
It is threatened by habitat loss mostly because of Hurricane Hugo, which destroyed 90% of the population of this bat in 1989.
The Napo spiny rat, Proechimys quadruplicatus, is a spiny rat species from South America.
It is thought that Thylacinus megiriani, along with crocodiles and giant monitor lizards were the only predators in Alcoota.
They are serious pests to farmers as they eat a wide range of agricultural crops.
The Japanese short-tailed bat japonensis) is a species of bat belonging to the family Vespertilionidae.
Cooper's mountain squirrel is a species of rodents in the family Sciuridae found in Cameroon and Nigeria.
It competed with deer, serow, and wild boar.
Robust capuchin monkeys are capuchin monkeys in the genus Sapajus.
Found mainly in rocky outcrops in the deserts of the southwestern United States and Mexico, the rock pocket mouse is medium-sized and nocturnal.
Petromyscus is a genus of rodent in the family Nesomyidae.
Gambian rats have a greyish-brown color that is fairly uniform throughout their body, only gradually getting lighter on their abdomen.
Generally, hyenas are known to drive off larger predators, like lions, from their kills, despite having a reputation in popular culture for being cowardly.
Its natural habitat is the high grassland of the park, where it lives near streams, eating small fish and large invertebrates.
The crab-eating rat is a species of semiaquatic rodent in the family Cricetidae.
The species differs from similar taxa based on pyramidal shaped cones on the m1, which are similar to Cimolodon and more primitive than Mesodma .
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and swamps.
It is endemic to the Solomon Islands.
The Okinawa flying fox is a species of megabat in the Pteropus genus.
The clouded leopard is a wild cat occurring from the Himalayan foothills through mainland Southeast Asia into China.
The insular flying fox or Pacific flying fox is a species of flying fox in the family Pteropodidae.
A second species of Paralouatta has also been described from early Miocene deposits, and is the largest Neotropic primate known of that epoch.
Josephoartigasia magna is an extinct species of giant rodent in the family Dinomyidae.
The species is found in a small area of western central Africa.
The Egyptian free-tailed bat, also known as Egyptian Guano Bat or Egyptian Nyctinome, is a species of bat in the family Molossidae.
The South American fur seal breeds on the coasts of Chile, Peru, and Argentina, Uruguay and Brazil.
This species is the largest of the brockets.
Dichobunidae is an extinct family of basal artiodactyl mammals from the early Eocene to late Oligocene of North America, Europe, and Asia.
The small neotropical cat has a yellowish-ocre coat patterned with open black rossettes.
The two surviving species are now extremely rare and in imminent danger of extinction.
Hylaeamys laticeps, also known as the Atlantic Forest oryzomys or the large-headed rice rat, is a species of rodent in the genus Hylaeamys of family Cricetidae.
^ Dumbacher, J. P.; Rathbun, G. B.; Osborne, T. O.; Griffin, M.; Eiseb, S. J.. "A new species of round-eared sengi from Namibia".
It is often confused with mindanao flying squirrel
It is sometimes also referred to as the long-tailed climbing mouse.
The black-tailed mouse is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae endemic to Mexico.
Pikas have no external tail, and their ears are large and rounded.
It reached a weight up to 320 kg.
Muramura williamsi is an extinct marsupial, related to the modern koala and wombat.
The lesser gray-brown musk shrew is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.
The bowhead was an early whaling target.
It is listed as Data Deficient on the IUCN Red List.
Kobus is a genus containing six species of African antelopes, all of which are associated with marshes, floodplains, or other grassy areas near water.
It is protected by Indonesian law and, since June 2007, is listed under CITES Appendix I.
The animal is of stocky build with backward-arching horns in both sexes.
The insular vole or St. Matthew Island vole is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.
The reduction in arctic ice floes due to global warming led to concerns that the spotted seal was threatened with extinction.
"Cimolodon seems to be more closely related to the Paracimexomys group than are other ptilodontoideans,".
It has been considered conspecific with the blue monkey, but has a large white patch on the throat and upper chest, and a grizzled cap.
It had deciduous enamel, and there is evidence that adults and juveniles had substantially different diets.
Based on genome sequencing, the two extant orangutan species evidently diverged around 400,000 years ago.
The mouselike pipistrelle is a species of vesper bat in the family Vespertilionidae.
Phalanger toes) is a genus of possums.
The largest mounted bluebuck specimen is 119 centimetres tall at the withers.
Pipistrellus is a genus of bats in the family Vespertilionidae and subfamily Vespertilioninae.
One genus, Prolagus, is recognised within the family, which was previously considered a subfamily of Ochotonidae, as Prolaginae.
In turn, it has a number of predators, including raptors, cats and snakes.
Cladosictis is an extinct genus of South American metatherian from Patagonia, Argentina.
Arielulus is a genus of vesper bats with the following species, sometimes in Pipistrellus:
They are grouped in a single genus, Nycteris.
The genus Kielanodon, meaning "Kielan’s tooth" after Zofia Kielan-Jaworowska, was named by Hahn G. in 1987.
As with many other inter-specific crosses, only female hybrids were found to be fertile.
It is found in Myanmar and Thailand.
A female gives birth to up to 18 pups, of which only six survive.
The African bush squirrels are a genus, Paraxerus, squirrels of the subfamily Xerinae.
"Compared to all extant mammals, the braincase in Nemegtbaatar and Chulsanbaatar is primitive.".
It includes the blind mole-rats, bamboo rats, mole-rats, and zokors.
One-third of the populations survive in protected areas.
The Somali wild dog is a subspecies of African wild dog native to the Horn of Africa.
Scimitar toothed cats had only mildly elongated canines, and long legs.
Beavers are known for building dams, canals, and lodges.
It is possibly conspecific with Nyctimene certans, although the taxonomy remains unresolved.
It is native to Africa, where it is widespread.
While the thylacine was extant it preyed on the devil, which targeted young and unattended thylacine cubs in their dens.
The Guianan bonneted bat, or Thomas' mastiff bat, is a species of free-tailed bat from South America.
The Kivu giant pouched rat is a species of rodent in the family Nesomyidae.
The holotype of Bos palaesondaicus is a skull from Trinil.
The multimammate mice are found in most parts of Sub-Saharan Africa.
Its length is about 46 cm from nose to tail, and it weighs about 1.6 kg.
Another subspecies of elk, the eastern elk also became extinct at roughly the same time.
Its food consists of insects, as with most vesper bats.
The Guinean horseshoe bat is a species of bat in the family Rhinolophidae.
McLeod & Barnes 2008 estimated the skull to be 75 cm long, which makes Crenatocetus a mid-sized protocetid.
Aploconodon is an extinct genus of Late Jurassic mammal from the Morrison Formation.
An estimated 100,000 black duikers are left in the world; they are threatened by hunting and are considered to be in decline across their range.
It is known as Kannan chandu and Male meru in Kerala വെരുക് in Malayalam, and in Karnataka as Mangala kutri, Bal kutri and Dodda punugina.
It lived contemporaneously with some of the dinosaurs.
As it is monotypic in its genus, it is sometimes known simply by its genus — the Wyulda.
The steppe lemming eats shoots and leaves and is more active at night, though it is not strictly nocturnal.
In simplest terms, it is as follows: westward Asia-to-Europe-to-North America.
Rondon's Tuco-tuco, Ctenomys rondoni, is a tuco-tuco species from South America.
Wahlberg's epauletted fruit bat is a species of megabat in the family Pteropodidae.
A recent survey discovered a small population living in the Quảng Trị Province.
Because of its small distribution and the threat of habitat destruction, it is considered "Endangered" in the IUCN Red List.
Many referred materials are known and include cranial and postcranial remains.
The Columbian ground squirrel, is a species of rodent common in certain regions of Canada and the northwestern United States.
Its common name comes from Daniel Giraud Elliot, who first described the species in 1899.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
The Andean hairy armadillo is an armadillo located in Bolivia, in the region of the Puna; the departments of Oruro, La Paz, and Cochabamba.
The last confirmed sighting was in 1988.
They are nocturnal and live in tree holes.
The species was described in 1966 by J. C. Francis and A. Mones and was placed in the genus Artigasia.
The fossils of Java Man have been housed at the Naturalis in the Netherlands since 1900.
Zokors are Asiatic burrowing rodents resembling mole-rats.
Metaschizotherium is related to the modern horse, rhino, and tapir.
The Simalur rat is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
It was first named by Alejandro Kramarz and Mariano Bond in 2011 and the type species is Comahuetherium coccaorum.
Two well preserved Silvabestius skulls were found close together, believed to be from a mother and child, in Riversleigh, Queensland, Australia.
Moojen's Atlantic spiny-rat, Trinomys moojeni, is a spiny rat species from South America.
The common dolphin is the name given to two species of dolphin making up the genus Delphinus.
The closest extant relative of the Columbian and other mammoths is the Asian elephant.
Aconaemys is a genus of rodent in the family Octodontidae.
By the 1850s, feral cats inhabited the Western Australian wheatbelt; they targeted a number of larger rodents throughout Western Australia.
The IUCN estimates that there are probably between 10,000 and 25,000 blue whales worldwide today.
The straight-tusked elephant is an extinct species of elephant that inhabited Europe during the Middle and Late Pleistocene.
This tail morphology is thought to aid balance when travelling at speed.
They are reported to be more aggressive than other members of the family Cricetidae.
Its nearest relatives were the wolves of North America rather than Asia.
It lives in the rainforests on the island of Seram in Indonesia.
Originally described as a separate species related to T. audax in 1910, some classify it as the same species as T. splendens.
The six-banded armadillo, also known as the yellow armadillo, is an armadillo found in South America.
A fine photo of the opalised lower jaw can be found on page 182 in:
Eospalax is a genus of rodent in the family Spalacidae.
The Ugandan red colobus is an Old World monkey which is found in 5 different locations across Uganda and Tanzania.
Creighton's slender opossum, also known commonly as Voss' slender opossum is a species of South American opossum of the family Didelphidae.
A description by La Nux from 1772 states:
Their diets includes grasses, leaves, shoots, and fruit.
The dwarf musk deer or Chinese forest musk deer is an artiodactyl native to southern and central China and northernmost Vietnam.
After a gestation period of about 28 days, two to five young are born, which reach sexual maturity within two months.
It is one of four small mammal species on Skomer.
Recent genetic studies support its position as a separate species.
There are three extant species and they are all members of the family Vombatidae.
The finds were dated between 300,000 and 125,000 years BC.
The Awash multimammate mouse or Awash mastomys is a species of rodent in the family Muridae found only in Ethiopia.
It is found in Oman, Saudi Arabia and United Arab Emirates.
A recent study found them to be a paraphyletic assemblage of stem-mesonychians.
Like D. merriami, the San Bernardino kangaroo rat has the diagnostic trait of having four toes on its hind legs.
The Cedros Island mule deer is a subspecies of mule deer found only on Cedros Island off the coast of Baja California.
The black pika or silver pika is a species of mammal in the family Ochotonidae.
The tail is covered in overlapping scales and sparse hairs.
The Central American squirrel monkey or, also known as red-backed squirrel monkey, is a squirrel monkey species from the Pacific coast of Costa Rica and Panama.
A 2016 phylogenetic analysis recovered Pucadelphys as a member of a metatherian clade including sparassodonts and other south american taxa, but not marsupials.
It probably roosts individually or in small groups.
It is found in Ghana and Nigeria.
The southern continents were much more isolated leading to the unique faunas of Australia, South America, and to a lesser degree Africa.
It is endemic to Rodrigues, an island in the Indian Ocean belonging to Mauritius.
The species' epithet refers to the Capricorn Caves, Queensland, Australia, were the holotype was unearthed.
It is found in China, North Korea, South Korea, and Russia.
This subfamily includes all living canids and their most recent fossil relatives.
They are brownish in colour, with short, dense fur.
Grey to brick-red overall, it is pale on the underside and has small but prominent triangular ears.
Desmarest's hutia, also known as the Cuban hutia, is a species of rodent endemic to Cuba.
Several extinct species have been identified as belonging to the genus, including Elephas recki, Elephas antiquus, and the dwarf elephants E. falconeri and E. cypriotes.
However, a study of mitochondrial cytochrome b sequences placed it near Capreolus within an Old World section of the subfamily Capreolinae.
It is endemic to Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Douglas had measured the animal snared in 1984 and he stated it was fifteen inches to shoulder height and forty-three inches in length.
They were only half the length of the Pyrenean ibex, but were almost twice as wide, and, consequently, much closer together at their base.
The dusky dolphin is a dolphin found in coastal waters in the Southern Hemisphere.
Parturition usually occurs from September to November.
The sediments within which the fossil was found seems to indicate a lagoonar environment.
The monkey averages 0.5 meters in height.
G. anatoliensis, a partial skull with a post-orbital horn and isolated teeth from Turkey, had shorter and less inclined horns than G. punjabiensis.
Hunting for sale at market, and forest loss due to expanding agriculture and logging represent major threats to this species.
There is no concrete data on population numbers, but the estimate is between 29,500 and 50,000 individuals.
Mammuthus creticus, or the Cretan dwarf mammoth, is an extinct species of dwarf mammoth.
With its long lifespan of 70 years or more, and slow rate of reproduction, the dugong is especially vulnerable to extinction.
It also has small white circles of fur around its eyes and small ears.
Chapin's free-tailed bat is a species of bat in the family Molossidae.
The species has the northernmost range of any member of its genus.
Diurnal and arboreal, titis predominantly prefer dense forests near water.
It is found only on the northern part of the island, above 300 m.
It is native to Central Asia and is found in Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, Afghanistan, Iran, and Pakistan.
Within this subfamily Caprinae, a prominent tribe Caprini includes sheep, goat, and ibex.
The little red brocket may have formed an important part of the diet of the people of the Pleistocene Las Vegas culture.
This behaviour is called coprophagia and is similar to that seen in rabbits.
The Colombian spider monkey, is a subspecies of the Black-headed spider monkey, a type of New World monkey, found in Colombia and Panama.
She takes up eye contact with the male and runs away a short bit, then flashes her genitals.
The stripe-headed round-eared bat is a bat species from South and Central America.
The forest dormouse competes in artificial and natural nests with hazel dormice, fat dormice, and birds.
It is found in Bolivia, Colombia, Costa Rica, Ecuador, Panama, Peru, and Venezuela.
There are some indications that the individuals may have been placed in the cave near the time of their death.
There is still much that is unknown about this species.
The largest species, the Virginia opossum, is the only marsupial to be found in North America north of Mexico.
Before eating a caterpillar, the angwantibo wipes it carefully with its hands to remove any poisonous barbs.
It is threatened by cerrado habitat loss for agriculture.
This creates serious conservation problems as groups of muriquis have no females to mate with and the females die alone.
Mentoclaenodon is one of the largest European mammals during the Paleocene.
Originally discovered in 1949, it is known only from a single specimen.
However, some studies indicate that it should be placed in Tarsiiformes.
Habitat loss severely threatens it and it may even be extinct.
The squirrels live in open woodlands, grasslands, or rocky country.
Myotis keaysi keaysi - Argentia, Bolivia, Peru, Ecuador, south-western Colombia
Jackals may occasionally assemble in small packs, for example, to scavenge a carcass, but they normally hunt either alone or in pairs.
In Australia, a small sub-population is found on Barrow Island, while the mainland type is widespread, though in decline, across northern regions of the country.
Its legs were powerfully built, with flexible joints.
Brosset's big-eared bat is a bat species from South America.
Pedetes is a genus of rodent, the springhares, in the family Pedetidae.
Both this family and the genus are nowadays still monotypic.
The Tsingy tufted-tailed rat is a species of rodent in the family Nesomyidae.
For the light aircraft manufacturer, see Pipistrel.
They were also thought to be marsupials at one point.
Little is known of its biology other than that it dug burrows in stiff clay soils.
Their skulls and jaws were significantly thicker and deeper than in modern coyotes, with a shorter and broader rostrum and wider carnassial teeth.
The California Leaf-nosed Bat inhabits the arid deserts of the southwestern United States as far north as Nevada, south to Baja California and Sonora, Mexico.
Most babies are born in June, with litter sizes ranging from 1 to 9.
These hybrids are produced in captivity and are unlikely to occur in the wild.
The lesser Papuan pipistrelle is a species of vesper bat.
Climacoceras was a genus of early Miocene artiodactyl ungulates of Africa and Europe.
It was named after naturalist Remington Kellogg.
It is found in Georgia and Turkey.
The Philippine long-tailed macaque is a subspecies of the crab-eating macaque, known in various Philippine languages as matching/matsing or the more general term unggoy.
jonesi is distinguished as having a more squarish muzzle than Pp.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
It is related to Oecomys trinitatis, but has thicker fur.
In order to resolve this situation it has been proposed that the affected dolphin species be placed within the genus Sagmatias.
Some common differences between the Cape warthog and the extant warthog, P. africanus, include:
Since then, surveys have been done to try to locate the species but all have failed.
Its diet consists mainly of fruits and insects.
The Cochabamba grass mouse is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.
The extinction of O. victus may be associated with the introduction of the small Asian mongoose to St. Vincent in the 1870s.
Sheep are most likely descended from the wild mouflon of Europe and Asia.
In Pakistan, it is called Pakistan sand cat.
The São Tomé leaf-nosed bat is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae.
This species is sometimes classified as a subpopulation of P. forbesi; however, it has a separate range.
There are several protected areas in the species' range but it has not been collected from these areas.
There are two sub-species of this mongoose, H. smithii smithii in India, and H. smithii zeylanicus in Sri Lanka.
Desmatophoca is an extinct genus of pinniped.
It is very rare in the wild with only 2000 individuals.
The genus Bolodon was named by Owen R. in 1871.
The Mexican Ground Squirrel has evolved an interesting adaptation to help it survive after being attacked by some snakes.
The genus was named by paleontologist Edward Drinker Cope in 1881.
It is one of the few northern mammals that entered South America before the Pliocene.
Almost everything of Neanderthal behaviour is controversial.
Pseudocyon was assigned to Amphicyoninae by Hunt in 1988 and to Amphicyonidae by Lartet, Carroll and Pickford et al.
The Zoology Museum of the University of Aberdeen also holds a mounted specimen that was found during 2002 in the Insch area of Aberdeenshire.
This species is listed as vulnerable by the IUCN and endangered under Peruvian Law.
Behaviors such as mating and giving birth may occur in water or on land.
It is listed as "Least Concern" by the IUCN.
One of the smallest carnivorous marsupials, its weight varies between 10–20 grams.
Brant's climbing mouse is a species of rodent in the family Nesomyidae.
The spectacled flying fox, also known as the spectacled fruit bat, is a megabat that lives in Australia's north-eastern regions of Queensland.
It is endemic to the Andaman Islands, where it has been recorded on Henry Lawrence Island, South Andaman, and Middle Andaman.
It is found only in Papua New Guinea.
Their diet consists mainly of fruits, insects and leaves.
The Bornean pygmy shrew is a species of shrew in the family Soricidae.
The Tiang is a subspecies of the tsessebe, an African antelope.
Snub-nosed monkeys are a group of Old World monkeys and make up the entirety of the genus Rhinopithecus.
Monk seals are polygynous, and group together in harems.
The pouched gerbil, Desmodilliscus braueri, is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
It has been reintroduced in Morocco and Tunisia.
C. benkeithi was named by Dr. Robert Baker of Texas Tech University, after Ben E Keith, who donated $5 million to the university.
It is found in Mexico, where it is known only from one locality in Tumbalá, Chiapas.
The cells from Lacks' cancerous cervical tumor were taken without her knowledge or consent.
It probably belongs to "clade D" within the oryzomyine group, together with many other island-dwelling species.
It, and the corresponding name Dinaledi Chamber, were chosen to reference the Rising Star cave system where the fossils were found.
Taxonomy of the hominins continues to evolve.
Brucepattersonius is a genus of rodents within the tribe Akodontini from southeastern South America.
Sexual maturity occurs around three to four years of age, and life expectancy in captivity is 20 years.
Harington, 1969 suggested that the American lion, the Eurasian cave lion and the large Chinese Panthera youngi are conspecific.
These three new tube-nosed bats were discovered by a team from the Hungarian Natural History Museum and Fauna and Flora International.
It is threatened by hunting and habitat loss, and has already disappeared from large parts of its range.
The name "Hamlyn's monkey" and the scientific epithet "hamlyni" come from the animal dealer who first brought this species to the London Zoo.
It is characterized by its stocky and muscular build, black fur, pungent odor, extremely loud and disturbing screech, keen sense of smell, and ferocity when feeding.
Described by Thomas in 1920, presumably the name indicates that it has a tufted tail and spiky fur but no photos are available to confirm this.
The gray-bellied mountain rat is one of only two species in the genus Limnomys.
The fur on the chest, belly, lower arms and lower wrists is thick and white.
The holotype was found in the Ke Go Nature Reserve, in Vietnam's Ha Tinh province, at an altitude of about 200 m.
The boreal woodland caribou also known as woodland caribou, woodland caribou, forest-dwelling caribou, Rangifer tarandus caribou.
A second species, P. grangeri, was described in 1987, and named after the early 20th century paleontologist Walter W. Granger.
This animal was a member of the extinct order of Multituberculata within the suborder Cimolodonta, and was a member of the family Djadochtatheriidae.
The spotted free-tailed bat is a species of bat in the family Molossidae.
They live in social groups of related animals.
Its weight varies between 200 and 250 g; its body length ranges 16–23 cm, and the tail 16–23 cm.
This weasel rests in rock crevices, tree trunks, and abandoned burrows of other animals or the animals it previously hunted.
The nostrils are prominent red, and there are black rings around the eyes and above the hooves.
The Balochistan forest dormouse is a species of rodent in the family Gliridae.
The Amur leopard is a leopard subspecies native to the Primorye region of southeastern Russia and the Jilin Province of northeast China.
The mole is the only member of a tribe of genera commonly known as "New World moles", the Scalopini, not to live in North America.
It can be found in Brunei Darussalam, Indonesia, and Malaysia.
The Lorrain dormouse is a species of rodent in the family Gliridae.
The karyotype has an odd diploid number, 2n = 25.
It is found in Cameroon, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ivory Coast, Ghana, Guinea, Liberia, and Uganda.
The tundra vole or root vole is a medium-sized vole found in Northern and Central Europe, Asia, and northwestern North America, including Alaska and northwestern Canada.
The population isolated in Sri Lanka is considered a subspecies.
This species is only found in particular regions in Africa and is smaller in size compared to its relatives.
Historically, humans have drastically reduced their habitat and diminished their population by hunting them for food and products such as their bacula and claws.
In addition, the presence of a well-developed but simple mesostyle is distinctive.
The big-eared hopping mouse is an extinct species of mouse, which lived in the Moore River area of south-western Australia.
The Wongai ningaui, also known as the Inland ningaui, is a small carnivorous marsupial native to Australia.
Eomyids were generally small, but occasionally large, and tended to be squirrel-like in form and habits.
On average, Baird’s pocket gopher has two to three babies per litter.
It can be found in the following countries: Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Kenya, São Tomé and Príncipe, and Tanzania.
The donkey or ass is a domesticated member of the horse family, Equidae.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
These species are now sometimes referred to as the square-lipped or hook-lipped rhinoceros.
The African yellow bat is a species of bat in the family Vespertilionidae, the vesper bats.
At Tea Tree Cave, a two-million-year-old Phascolonus fossil was found alongside that of the crocodilian Quinkana.
Is replaced by other ground squirrels in farmland and grassland.
Weighing in on average between 80 and 120 pounds, Sitka deer are characteristically smaller than other subspecies of mule deer.
The primary species, Barbatodon transylvanicum, was also named by Rãdulescu and Samson.
They may be most closely related to genera like Hylaeamys and Euryoryzomys, which contain very similar species.
It lived in North America during the Mesozoic era, also known as the "age of the reptiles."
They were previously found in northern Vietnam and possibly southwestern China, but have now become extinct in the wild.
A. praeuniversitatis, the smaller species, is known from 35 teeth found in a single fossil site, which is probably 540,000 to 230,000 years old.
Aratathomas's yellow-shouldered bat is a species of bat in the family Phyllostomidae.
It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, and Paraguay.
The species was only recognized as separate from the New England cottontail in 1992.
It is also called the yellow-nosed vole.
Fossils first described in 2002 indicated that, during the Pleistocene epoch, bearded seals ranged as far south as South Carolina.
Little-eared tree rat is a species of rodent in family Muridae.
The Panamanian spiny pocket mouse, also known as Peter's spiny pocket mouse, is a species of heteromyid rodent endemic to Panama.
Along with the Atherton antechinus, it is the rarest in its genus.
Its main food is insects, berries, nectar, or pollen.
It was much larger than Merycoidodon and Miniochoerus, its contemporaries in the Late Oligocene.
It is an inhabitant of Papua, Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.
It is found in Ivory Coast, Ghana, Guinea, Liberia, Sierra Leone, Togo, Guinea-Bissau, and possibly Senegal.
Tigers are among the most recognisable and popular of the world's charismatic megafauna.
It can be found in China, Mongolia, and the Russian Federation.
Although unidentified species of Pipistrellus had been previously reported from Madagascar since the 1990s, P. raceyi was not formally named until 2006.
The scientific name is derived from the type locality, near Yerbabuena in Guerrero, Mexico.
The status Least Concern in the IUCN Red List is attributed to the species, including all subspecies of wildcats.
The Ooldea dunnart, also called Troughton's dunnart after the person who found the species, is an Australian marsupial similar to the hairy-footed dunnart.
The wild goat is a widespread species of goat, with a distribution ranging from Europe and Asia Minor to Central Asia and the Middle East.
Gazella psolea is an unusual prehistoric species of gazelle that lived in Africa and Arabia; it is only known from fossils.
Since the last of the Pyrenean ibex became extinct before scientists could adequately analyze them, the taxonomy of this particular subspecies is controversial.
The subspecies include Spermophilus pygmaeus pygmaeus, Spermophilus pygmaeus brauneri, Spermophilus pygmaeus herbicolus and Spermophilus pygmaeus mugosaricus.
Layard's palm squirrel or flame-striped jungle squirrel is a species of rodents in the family Sciuridae endemic to Sri Lanka.
It is endemic to the Pacific coast region of central Mexico.
In 2014, a national census of leopards around tiger habitats was carried out in India except the northeast.
The Cyclopedidae are a family of anteaters that includes the silky anteater and its extinct relatives.
The family is named after paleocetologist Remington Kellogg.
It is found in Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Thailand, and Vietnam.
Sexually mature females leave the natal group, but males can remain with their natal group their entire life.
The species was described as new in 2013.
This article is about the North American species Peromyscus polionotus, known as the "oldfield mouse".
The fauna from the paleokarst fillings is known as Mikrotia fauna after the endemic murid of the region.
Natchitochia is an extinct protocetid early whale known from the Middle Eocene Cook Mountain Formation in Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana.
Aegialomys species have a greyish to buff dorsal pelage which is divided sharply from the white to light yellow ventral pelage.
It is found in these habitats: hot deserts.
These nocturnal animals are found in habitats ranging from coastal areas, swamps, plains, and forests.
The Damaraland mole-rat, Damara mole rat, or Damaraland blesmol is a burrowing rodent found in southern Africa.
The lesser brown horseshoe bat is a species of bat in the family Rhinolophidae.
It is found in Ivory Coast, Ghana, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Liberia, Nigeria, Senegal, and Sierra Leone.
The slender treeshrew is a treeshrew species within the Tupaiidae.
The Ecuadorian mantled howler is a subspecies of the mantled howler, A. palliata.
It may have been aquatic, as it was known to escape into the sea when pursued by predators, but it never swam away from the island.
Clara's echymipera, or Clara's spiny bandicoot or white-lipped bandicoot, is a species of marsupial in the family Peramelidae.
It is listed as critically endangered, with fewer than 250 individuals restricted to vicinity of the Jequitinhonha River.
It is very easy to tell the male fruit bat from the female fruit bat.
Two other fossil species, Lagurus pannonicus and Lagurus transiens, are thought to be part of a lineage that led to the living steppe lemming.
Mature stags have 10 to 14 tines, and some have been known to have up to 20.
It is a monogamous animal, whose young may remain with the family to help raise new generations of pups.
Rümmler's brush mouse or Rümmler's mouse is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
It is found in mountainous areas of Mexico and the western United States at altitudes over 2,000 m.
It is named for Antwerp Edgar Pratt.
Felten's vole is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.
It was listed on appendix II of CITES, and is classified as "Data Deficient" by the IUCN.
This relationship is based upon similarities in the shape of their tarsal bones.
The olinguito  is a mammal of the raccoon family Procyonidae that lives in montane forests in the Andes of western Colombia and Ecuador.
Its contemporary was the similar, albeit scale-less, anteater-like Eurotamandua.
The South American gray fox, also known as the Patagonian fox, the chilla or the gray zorro, is a species of Lycalopex, the "false" foxes.
Eremoryzomys has a limited distribution in the dry upper valley of the Marañón River in central Peru, but may yet contain more than one species.
The golden bandicoot once lived all throughout Central Australia, but by 1992 it had been reduced to a small area in northwest Kimberly and Arnhem Land.
The principal gerbil, Gerbillus principulus, is distributed mainly in Sudan; Jebel Meidob; El Malha.
This indicates that specializations associated with feeding on ants or termites have independently evolved many times in mammals: in Fruitafossor, anteaters, numbats, aardvarks, pangolins, and echidnas.
It is the southernmost member of the genus Mico and the only where most of its range is outside the Amazon.
The Berdmore's ground squirrel is a ground squirrel found in Southeast Asia, from the east of Myanmar to Vietnam.
Its morhpology indicates an arboreal form, adapted climbing and running on trees.
In Niger, the dama has become a national symbol.
Megaderma lyra has a larger wingspan than Megaderma spasma.
It is classified as vulnerable by the International Union for Conservation of Nature, mostly because of deforestation and hunting for its body parts.
Its tend to live separately from other rats.
The generic name combines the Ancient Greek hyps-, prymnos, and odōn.
The false water-rat is a species of rodent native to waterways of Australia and Papua New Guinea.
It died out in the late Holocene, about 2980 years ago on the island of Tierra del Fuego and almost 1700 years in the continent.
They generally prefer walking and climbing to running or leaping.
The pygmy three-toed sloth is found exclusively in the red mangroves of Isla Escudos de Veraguas, restricted to an area of 4.3 square kilometres.
The bats usually live near water or damp locations, residing in hollow trees or domestic dwellings.
Between July 2000 and September 2001, it was also recorded in the central Syrian desert, close to the ruins of Palmyra.
Nosmips aenigmaticus probably lived 37 million years ago in Africa and has not been successfully classified within any group of primates.
Their hair on the back varies between brown and yellow, while the belly is white.
The genus Bulganbaatar was named by Kielan-Jaworowska Z. in 1974.
Lions are apex and keystone predators, although they are also expert scavengers obtaining over 50 percent of their food by scavenging as opportunity allows.
Some taxonomists believe that it still survives on Sakhalin island.
This amounts to one-quarter of the total sanctuary area.
The family consists of the red panda and its extinct relatives.
It inhabits perennially flooded swamp forest or seasonally flooded marsh forest of the adjacent deltas of the Orinoco and nearby rivers.
They live in the tropics and subtropics of Asia, Australia, East Africa, and a number of remote oceanic islands in both the Indian and Pacific Oceans.
It is perhaps more closely related to its larger relative, the blue whale.
It is closely related to Peromyscus leucopus, the white-footed mouse.
It is adapted to life in the Arctic, so has anatomical and physiological characteristics that differentiate it from other cetaceans.
The body mass of males is 242–300 kg and of females is 223–280 kg.
It lives at elevations of 800–2,400 m above sea level.
Some species are well adapted for diving to great depths.
Habitats such as tropical woodlands or open forest are suitable for the tree rat.
It was formerly assigned to the genus Micoureus, which was made a subgenus of Marmosa in 2009.
West Caucasian turs stand up to 1 m tall at the shoulder and weigh around 65 kg.
This reedbuck is dependent on water, though green pastures can fulfill its water requirement.
Palaeolagus is an extinct genus of lagomorph.
The rufous dog-faced bat, is a bat species from South America.
However, efforts from each sighted countries are beginning to reintroduce the musk deer’s population.
Paratriaenops pauliani is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae.
The Kashmir gray langur is an Old World monkey, one of the langur species.
This toe had a large hoof; the two outer toes were rudimentary, much like those of early horses such as Merychippus.
It is found in the transitional and humid forests of northern Argentina and southern Bolivia.
Typical of a pika it has short limbs, a small tail and round ears.
The giant bandicoot is a species of marsupial in the family Peramelidae endemic to Papua New Guinea.
Hyenas feature prominently in the folklore and mythology of human cultures with which they are sympatric.
It was first described in 1823 by Thomas Say in his writings on Major Stephen Long's expedition to the Great Plains.
The white-tailed rat is restricted to shrubby areas and grasslands of South Africa and Lesotho.
Urocyon is one of the oldest fox genera still in existence.
It is one of the rarest otter species.
Its distribution is severely fragmented, and the extent and quality of its habitat in Sri Lanka's hill regions are declining.
It is a common species of the Sierra Nevada.
A specimen of T. osborni was estimated to have a weight of about 391.4 kg.
Several species exhibit sexual dimorphism; the males are larger than females.
Despite the sightings in India there is still little know about the Yellow Bellied Weasel.
The species has been found only in higher elevations, above 900m and up to 4600m.
Its tail measures 15 and 25 centimeters in length.
The yellow-throated squirrel is a tree squirrel in the genus Sciurus endemic to South America.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
The bush rat is a small Australian nocturnal animal.
Orycteropodidae members are polygynous, the females providing care for the young.
The Arizona woodrat is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.
Alcidedorbignya is one of the oldest and most primitive of the pantodonts and the only pantodont genus known from South America.
Large canines help them to break through the hard rind of the unripe fruits.
Female gorals have four functional teats, while female goats and sheep have only two functional teats.
Early fossil muroids, such as cricetodontines, represent a possible ancestor to the Eumuroida.
The gray-handed night monkey is a species of night monkey formerly considered a subspecies of Gray-bellied night monkey of the family Aotidae.
Melanomys zunigae, also known as Zuniga's melanomys or Zuniga's dark rice rat, is a species of rodent in the genus Melanomys of family Cricetidae.
Schwartz's myotis is a species of vesper bat.
It is widely distributed over grasslands and prairies of North America.
Its phylogenetic affinity within the proboscidea is uncertain.
Vinogradov's jird is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
Both species are characterized by very long vibrissae, but those of T. bolivaris are particularly long.
The Columbian white-tailed deer is one of the three subspecies of white-tailed deer in North America.
The bushy-tailed opossum is an opossum from South America.
The Caucasian wisent was a subspecies of wisent that inhabited the Caucasus Mountains of Eastern Europe.
Their diet consists primarily of tender, young leaves, but fruit is also reportedly eaten.
The name Eosimias is designed to mean "dawn monkey", from Greek eos "dawn" and Latin simius "monkey".
Handleyomys is a genus of Central and South American rodents in the tribe Oryzomyini of family Cricetidae.
The lesser large-footed bat is a species of vesper bat.
Kogaionidae is a family of fossil mammals within the extinct order Multituberculata.
Clarke's vole is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.
The species is named for Donald Dickey, who sponsored the expedition that first discovered the animal.
It is found in Cambodia, China, India, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, the Philippines, Singapore and Thailand.
The tawny tuco-tuco is a species of burrowing rodent in the family Ctenomyidae.
Three subspecies have traditionally been recognised but its distribution is peculiarly disjunct and has been considered a biogeographical puzzle.
In 1929, Simpson published American Mesozoic Mammalia.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland, and swamps.
The Angolan hairy bat also known as Angolan wing-gland bat is a species of bat in the Cistugidae family.
The deposit is estimated to be between 780,000 and 900,000 years old.
In Ethiopia, Israel and Jordan, it is a reservoir of the leishmaniasis parasite.
Protohippus is an extinct three-toed genus of horse.
Unlike horses, however, Diadiaphorus lacked fused limb bones.
Perameles bowensis is an extinct species of bandicoot.
Male dolphins typically mate with multiple females every year, but females only mate every two to three years.
The short-tailed shrew tenrec is a species of mammal in the family Tenrecidae.
The Ethiopian hare is a species of mammal in the family Leporidae.
It is threatened by hunting and habitat loss, as well as pollution.
The largest collection of its fossils has been obtained from the Rancho La Brea Tar Pits in Los Angeles.
The Gull Island vole is a subspecies of the Meadow Vole last collected in 1897.
The common tsessebe or sassaby is one of five subspecies of African antelope Damaliscus lunatus of the genus Damaliscus and subfamily Alcelaphinae in the family Bovidae.
A fossil skeleton was found in the Lumbrera Formation and described in 2011 as the holotype of the type species G. peiranoi.
The pelt of the jerboa is either silky or velvety in texture and light in color, the coloration helps camouflage into surroundings to avoid predators.
Jouvenet's shrew is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.
They are active year-round, and are crepuscular.
Its chin and lower cheeks are greyish.
It is one of the most endangered mammal species in the neotropics.
It was the size of a small cat, and it had a darker belly than Megalomys desmarestii, a closely related species from Martinique, and slender claws.
The Indiana bat is a medium-sized mouse-eared bat native to North America.
It once roamed in what is now China.
It is a member of the family Phocidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
David's echymipera, or David's spiny bandicoot, is a species of marsupial in the family Peramelidae.
Notostylops is a genus of extinct South American ungulate from the Eocene.
The genus was first established by the French paleontologist Charles Depéret in 1887.
The main threats are predation by introduced species and habitat loss.
However, Hahn and Hahn 2000 supports 1977.
Vulpes riffautae is an extinct species of fox from the late Miocene of Chad.
The white-thighed surili is a species of primate in the family Cercopithecidae.
Since it is geographically not isolated from leopard populations on the Indian subcontinent, it has been subsumed to P. p. fusca in 1996.
They are mongoose-like, which is reflected in the older versions of their English names, for example brown-tailed mongoose which is now called brown-tailed vontsira.
It was recognized as a distinct subspecies of capybara in 1912, and was elevated to species status in 1991.
N. quercyi was originally placed within Teutomanis by Ameghino in 1905, but was later subsumed into Necromanis.
Initially regarded as a species, it was reassigned as a subspecies of terrestris before being again designated as a species by Panteleyev in 2000.
Prior to 2000 it was known as Proconsul major and some argue against the renaming.
The giant naked-tailed rat is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
Monax was a Native American name of the woodchuck, which meant "the digger".
The Southern African wildcat is one of five subspecies of the wildcat, and is native to southern and south-eastern Africa.
It is a valuable furbearer, particularly for the paint brush industry.
The lappet-eared free-tailed bat is a species of bat in the family Molossidae.
Dunnarts are furry narrow-footed marsupials the size of a mouse, members of the genus Sminthopsis.
It is now classified as an endangered species and in the mid-1990s was adopted as the flagship species for conservation in Zanzibar.
The species is named after American zoologist Frank Stephens.
It is different to Neofelis diardi borneensis, which is native to the island of Borneo.
It also had similar size to its living relatives, with an estimated weight of 2 kg.
Despite being an efficient hunter, it is listed as vulnerable to extinction.
It is found in Burundi, Gabon, Kenya, and Uganda.
Fuller, Wolf Control Operations, Southern Mackenzie District, Canada Wildlife Service Report.
The Fringed Long-Footed Myotis is described as having short, thick, brown fur with pale whitish fur ventrally.
This mole-rat was first described by the German naturalist Wilhelm Peters in 1881.
It is endemic to northern and western Sulawesi, Indonesia.
The forest tube-nosed bat is a species of vesper bat in the family Vespertilionidae.
Kept as pets, they run free as house cats do, otherwise farmers consider them pests.
More specifically, the common waterbuck is listed as of Least Concern while the defassa waterbuck is Near Threatened.
Miniopterus mahafaliensis is a bat in the genus Miniopterus that occurs in southwestern Madagascar.
The Muna-Buton macaque is one of seven Sulawesi macaques in Indonesia.
They have a wingspan of 435 mm and an average length of 140 mm.
The Japanese grass vole is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.
The black bearded saki is the only dark-nosed species of bearded saki with a blackish back, though some females and young have a paler, brownish back.
It contains the species Afrotragulus moruorotensis and Afrotragulus parvus, formerly classified in genus Dorcatherium.
The subspecies was declared extinct by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service in 1880.
As usual in Hipposideros, the second upper premolar is small and displaced from the toothrow, and the second lower premolar is large.
The classification of the Blunt-eared Bat has historically been problematic; many authors placed it in the family Vespertilionidae, while others preferred the Molossidae.
The superfamily is further divided into the following families:
Originally in the genus Phoca with a number of other species, it has since been reclassified into its own genus Pagophilus.
It lives at high altitudes, between 2000 m and 3500 m above sea level, making it one of the highest-dwelling primates.
The genus Dakotamys was named by Eaton J.G.
It is the only living member of the genus Zaedyus, and the only armadillo to hibernate.
In western Panama, it is replaced by another subspecies of Geoffroy's Spider Monkey, the Ornate spider monkey, A. g. ornatus.
Thoopterus is found in Indonesia on Sulawesi and neighboring islands.
The giant kangaroo rat is an endangered species of heteromyid rodent endemic to California.
It is found in northeastern Argentina and southeastern Brazil.
It was discovered in 2003 in the Parc National de l’Isalo in south-central Madagascar.
Cremnomys is a genus of rodent in the family Muridae native to India.
Canis lepophagus is an extinct species of canid which was endemic to much of North America.
Residing in mountainous terrain and high plains in northern latitudes, they hibernate most of the year in underground burrows, which may be used for many years.
Threats to the species may include habitat loss from timber harvesting, coastal development, and alterations of natural fire regimes.
However, it is nowhere common, and all of these are forest fragments, and ongoing deforestation threatens the species' survival.
Champion's tree mouse is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
2001 reinterpreted these specimens as fragments from maxillae, and determined that the described "confluence of the mandibular canals anteriorly" was in fact the narial passages.
The red-eared guenon, red-eared monkey, or russet-eared guenon is a species of primate in the family Cercopithecidae.
It is invasive in the Canary Islands since an introduction in 1971.
Proentelodon is an extinct genus of entelodont artiodactyl from the Middle Eocene of Mongolia.
The forest shrew is a species of shrew in the mouse shrew family, Soricidae.
With a weight of about 50 kg and a length over 1.1 m, it had the size of a large dog.
It was classified as new species based on DNA analyses and structural descriptions.
Cliff chipmunks do not amass body fat as the more common ground squirrel does.
Nomascus is the second-most speciose genus of gibbons.
It is found in the desert regions of northern Chile and adjoining areas of Argentina.
The Kashmir leopard was proposed as a leopard subspecies native to Kashmir.
It appears to be nocturnal and arboreal in its habits.
Within six months the young are weaned, with full maturity coming at about two years of age.
Primatologist Sue Boinski has made several long term studies of the subspecies.
Pallas's squirrel, also known as the red-bellied tree squirrel, is a species of squirrel native to Greater China, India, and Southeast Asia.
From Panthera leo fossilis derived the Upper Pleistocene European cave lion, which is recorded for the first time about 300,000 years ago.
New World leaf-nosed bats are usually brown, grey, or black, although one species is white.
They mostly live in mountainous forest areas in small, female-dominated groups.
The binturong, also known as bearcat, is a viverrid native to South and Southeast Asia.
It is found in Baja California, Mexico and southern California in the United States.
The species was first described by its discoverers, Chinese primatologists Cheng Li, Chao Zhao, and Peng-Fei Fan, in the American Journal of Primatology in 2015.
They have a wide membrane between the hind legs, or uropatagium, but no tail.
Eobasileus cornutus was a prehistoric species of dinocerate mammal.
Its scattered range extends from Chad in the north to South Africa in the south, and from Niger in the west to Somalia in the east.
It was last recorded in Thailand in 1970 and, presumably, there is still a small viable population in Myanmar.
It lies within the suborder Cimolodonta and the family Kogaionidae.
Euroamphicyon is a beardog carnivoran which inhabited Europe during the Miocene.
Chimpanzees are the species of the great apes in the genus Pan, consisting of the common chimpanzee and the bonobo.
The Ruwenzori duiker weighs about 15 kg and has a shoulder height of about 45 cm.
Royle's pika is a species of mammal in the pika family.
The young is weaned in the middle of its second year, and is fully mature in about seven years.
The genus is not well studied and its taxonomy is not clear.
The giant tapir is an extinct tapir that lived in southern China, reports also suggest it also lived in Java and Vietnam.
The paintings belong to a category of sophisticated rock art known as Bradshaws.
It lived on the islands of Réunion and Mauritius in the Mascarene Islands of the Indian Ocean.
The eastern rat is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
It is found in southern Chiapas in Mexico through Central America, except for Belize, and as far east as northern Colombia and Venezuela.
It is found in the Andes of Venezuela and nearby Colombia.
These foramina are similar in shape to those in N. nimbosus.
Essentially, the occlusal surface of the molars probably had two rows of cusps instead of three.
The impala reaches 70–92 centimetres at the shoulder and weighs 40–76 kg.
Humans provide domesticated horses with food, water and shelter, as well as attention from specialists such as veterinarians and farriers.
The largest extant bovine is the gaur.
It was formerly considered a subspecies of the black-bearded flying fox.
The word vaquita is Spanish for "little cow".
Tamias eviensis De Bruijn et al., 1980 – Miocene of Greece
Zoologist Colin Groves claims these could possibly be surviving Queen of Sheba's gazelles.
The southern plains gray langur was previously classified as a subspecies of S. entellus, i.e., S. entellus dussumieri.
It is a stocky and muscular carnivore, more closely resembling a small bear than other mustelids.
Oligoryzomys nigripes, also known as the black-footed colilargo or the black-footed pygmy rice rat, is a rodent in the genus Oligoryzomys of family Cricetidae.
The domestic cat is a small, typically furry, carnivorous mammal.
Found north of Sydney the species was once classed as a mountain brushtail possum for which is its closest relative.
The total population is estimated at 550 to 700 individuals.
Indeed, some of the better-known mongoose species live in tree during the rainy season and occupy burrows only during hotter weather.
It has also been known as Ectypodus; Mesodma; Neoplagiaulax.
It is the smallest shrew of its kind and lives in parts of middle Asia.
The domestic goat is a subspecies of goat domesticated from the wild goat of southwest Asia and Eastern Europe.
It is found in parts of Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Mexico, and Panama.
This broad-shouldered antelope has a muscular, front-heavy appearance, with a distinctive robust muzzle.
Zaragocyon is an extinct genus of Ursidae from Early Miocene of Spain.
Laboratory experiments indicated lower levels of activity even in lighting conditions consistent with a full moon.
As is the case for all gibbons, they have long arms and no tail.
Less than 250 individuals of this species are thought to persist in the wild.
Rhynchocyon is a genus of elephant shrew in the family Macroscelididae.
It is considered to be one of the world's most endangered primate species.
The northern long-eared bat or northern myotis is a species of bat native to North America.
It is found in British Columbia in Canada and in Washington and Alaska in the United States.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Kangaroos, wallabies and allies, bettongs, potoroos, and rat kangaroos are all members of this suborder.
The scientists named the new finding Barytherium omansi.
It mainly lives in sandy desert areas but can be found in other environments.
They are naturally alert and wary, which makes them difficult to approach and observe.
It is endemic on the Indonesian island of Sulawesi, where it is widespread.
Gambians are somewhat bulky, rough looking, and have been reported to be less "arboreal" than the emin's.
It weighs less than 100 grams, making it the smallest known galago.
Alavarado-Serrano and D'Elía have assigned the species to a new genus, Neomicroxus along with Neomicroxus latebricola.
Adult Roosmalens' dwarf marmosets have a total length of 38–39 cm, incl.
The thylacine was the largest known carnivorous marsupial of modern times.
These gazelles are found in Algeria, Chad, Egypt, Libya and Sudan.
Pseudobolodon was a relatively early member of the also extinct order of mammals, Multituberculata.
Stenoplesictis is shown to have an omnivorous diet or more precisely, hypercarnivorous to mesocarnivorous.
There are one to three babies per litter.
Verheyen's multimammate mouse is a species of rodent in the family Muridae found in Cameroon, Chad, Niger, Nigeria, and Sudan.
The single-striped grass mouse or single-striped lemniscomys is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
In 2013, Bat Conservation International listed this species as one of the 35 species of its worldwide priority list of conservation.
The dingo is a wild canine found in Australia whose taxonomic status as a distinct species remains debated.
Dipodillus is a subgenus of rodent in the family Muridae.
Stelocyon is an extinct genus of triisodontid mesonychid from the Paleocene of North America.
They are herbivorous, smaller relatives of rabbits and hares.
As here defined, the grivet is restricted to Ethiopia, Sudan, Djibouti and Eritrea.
Like the red deer of Ireland, it was introduced to Britain sometime in the Stone age.
The Paradoxurinae are a subfamily of the viverrids that was denominated and first described by John Edward Gray in 1864.
It is endemic to Madagascar, where it has a restricted disjoint range in two locations 485 km apart in the north and east of the island.
Their fur is yellow brown to golden in color.
Wildebeest are a tourist attraction but compete with domesticated livestock for pasture and are sometimes blamed by farmers for transferring diseases and parasites to their cattle.
It is found in Angola, Burundi, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Kenya, Malawi, Mozambique, Namibia, Rwanda, Tanzania, Uganda, Zambia, and Zimbabwe.
It also had large eyes, suggesting that it may have been nocturnal.
It is extremely adapted to a burrowing way of life.
Afrotarsius is a primate found in the Paleogene of Africa.
The Celebes shrew rat is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
The Bola Batu babirusa is a proposed species of babirusa from the Indonesian island of Sulawesi.
This small creature was a member of the also extinct order Multituberculata within the suborder Cimolodonta and was a member of the Paracimexomys group.
The wolverine, Gulo gulo, also referred to as the glutton, carcajou, skunk bear, or quickhatch, is the largest land-dwelling species of the family Mustelidae.
It is found in Democratic Republic of the Congo, Mozambique, South Africa, Tanzania, Zambia, and Zimbabwe.
Arsinoea kallimos from the late Eocene quarry L-41, Fayum Depression.
It is found in Bangladesh, Brunei, Cambodia, India, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Sri Lanka, Thailand and Vietnam.
The species is named after Brazilian physician Ernani Agricola.
This species is known only from the type specimen and lately is synonymized with Baluchistan pygmy jerboa due to conspecifity.
The type species, Atocetus iquensis, is known from the Serravallian-age Pisco Formation of Peru, while A. nasalis is known from Tortonian-age marine deposits in California.
However, in some Russian regions, the number of desmans appears to be increasing.
The sperm whale is a prominent user of echolocation and communication, with vocalization as loud as 230 decibels underwater.
It was previously recognized as a valid species, but is close to other recognized subspecies of A. olivaceus.
They are diurnal and terrestrial, living in burrows.
Nelson's pocket mouse is a species of rodent in the family Heteromyidae.
Most teeth were found at a site in the Fayum Depression about 40 miles outside Cairo, Egypt.
In a recent broad phylogenetic study, Smith and Patton found that scapteromyine genera Kunsia and Scapteromys formed a clade closely related with the Akodontini.
After the European colonization of the Americas, it was reviled in Anglo-American culture as a cowardly and untrustworthy animal.
The Abbott's duiker, also known as minde in Swahili, is a large, forest-dwelling duiker found only in a few scattered enclaves in Tanzania.
They typically forage in packs consisting of 3-8 individuals, but larger groups have been observed.
The North American beaver is one of two extant beaver species.
This species also enjoys full protection under Indonesian law since 1931.
The mountain gorilla is one of the two subspecies of the eastern gorilla.
The Mindanao Shrew Rat is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
Kenya is the main stronghold for Eastern African cheetahs, with the largest population of 800 to 1,200 adults in the country since 2015.
Adult males typically weigh 100 lb, though exceptionally large individuals weighing 150 lb have been recorded.
Its head is 14.8–18 cm, and its tail is 20–30 cm.
Beccari's margareta rat is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
The common vole does not occur elsewhere in the British Isles.
The population is still increasing slowly due to conservation efforts and breeding programs in Europe and the Middle East.
Balochititanops is an extinct genus of brontotheriid perissodactyl from late Early Eocene deposits of Pakistan.
It is the most northern living herbivore mammal in the world.
It is found in Costa Rica, Panama and possibly Colombia.
A lemming is a small rodent usually found in or near the Arctic in tundra biomes.
It is virtually unknown; in 2008 the IUCN noted that it had never been seen in the wild, though it has been observed since then.
Bangs's mountain squirrel is a nearly unknown species of tree squirrel, that only lives in Costa Rica and Panama.
It is endemic to Indonesia, found on the islands of Ambon, Buru, Seram, Banda, and Yamdena.
Sanborn's bonneted bat, is a bat species from South and Central America.
Preferred annuals include Coreopsis spp., Eremalche spp., Astragalus spp., and lupine.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and heavily degraded former forest.
On the islands of Komodo and Rinca, its diet is more varied, encompassing roots, tubers, grasses, insects, fruits, snakes and carrion.
Monophyllus, the Antillean long-tongued bats, is a genus of bats in the family Phyllostomidae.
It is found in the Malay Peninsula and Thailand.
The Peruvian tree rat is a species of rodent in the family Echimyidae.
The California vole is a type of vole which lives throughout much of California and part of southwestern Oregon.
Federal funding has been used for habitat restoration work on state lands, including the planting of shrubs and other growth critical to the rabbit's habitat.
During that time it changed very little.
Anictis is shown to have an omnivorous diet or more precisely, hypercarnivorous to mesocarnivorous.
These feral horses are untamed members of the domestic horse subspecies, not to be confused with the truly "wild" horse subspecies extant into modern times.
At least five genera of ground sloths have been identified in North American fossils; these are examples of successful immigration to the north.
The golden palm civet is a palm civet endemic to Sri Lanka.
A 2014 study by Durham University discovered that these goats are shrinking in size due to global warming and climatic changes.
After a gestational period of six to seven months, a single offspring is born.
Only Haramiya's teeth and skull have been found; judging from these it has been constructed as a 12 cm creature with a resemblance to modern voles.
They are, as a genus, unusual, being the only bats apart from the parti-coloured bat Vespertilio murinus to possess an extra pair of nipples.
It is closely related to the more famous Protictis from the Paleocene of the United States.
The Northeast Pacific subpopulation, which summers in the southeastern Bering Sea and Gulf of Alaska, may have no more than 40 animals.
Parascalops, the hairy-tailed mole of northeastern North America
A densely ossified auditory bulla and large mandibular canal indicate it was adapted for hearing in water.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, French Guyana, Guyana, Peru, Suriname and Venezuela.
At almost 600 species, it is the second-largest family of mammals, and has members throughout the Americas, Asia, and Europe.
The genus Corynorhinus consists of the lump-nosed bats, or American long-eared bats.
It was first named by Miguel-Ángel Cuesta and Ainara Badiola in 2009 and the type species is Duerotherium sudrei.
Around 12 million years ago, the genus Felis appeared and eventually gave rise to many of the modern small cats.
The creeping vole, sometimes known as the Oregon meadow mouse, is a small rodent in the family Cricetidae.
The specific name comes from the Afar word for "basal family ancestor".
They are among the few terrestrial placental mammals that colonised Australia without human intervention.
Serbelodon is an extinct genus of proboscidean.
Rakali have a body 231–370 millimetres in length, weigh, 340–1,275 grams and have a thick tail measuring around 242–345 millimetres.
The Caucasian wildcat, is a subspecies of the wildcat that lives in the Caucasus Mountains and Turkey.
Baer's wood mouse, Hylomyscus baeri Heim de Balsac & Aellen, 1965
It was among the largest and last members of its order, and was probably the most common large-hoofed South American mammal of its time.
In winter, it is covered with white fur, and develops enlarged digging claws on its front feet.
The lowland ringtail possum is a species of marsupial in the family Pseudocheiridae.
It has a wide range and is relatively common, and the International Union for Conservation of Nature lists it as a "least-concern species".
The steadfast tube-nosed fruit bat is a species of megabat in the family Pteropodidae found in West Papua, Indonesia, and Papua New Guinea.
It is monotypic within the genus Poelagus.
Australopithecus bahrelghazali was dated by beryllium-based radiometric dating as living about 3.6 million years ago.
The IUCN classifies Ursus arctos, the species to which the Kodiak belongs, as being of "least concern" in terms of endangerment or extinction.
Three species have been named: the type species W. schlosseri, W. eremicus and W. sigei.
Modern humans migrated from Africa as recently as 60,000 years ago.
It is known only from Argentina, where it was found in a montane grassland on Otro Cerro at an elevation of 3000 m.
The genus name, Teinolophos, means "extended ridge", a reference to its tooth structure.
The Incan little mastiff bat is a species of bat in the family Molossidae, the free-tailed bats.
The thicket rats, genus Thamnomys, are a group of Old World rats from East Central Africa.
Gervais's fruit-eating bat is a bat species from South and Central America.
It is the only species of flying squirrel found in Europe.
Unlike most similar species, the black-footed mongoose has only 4 toes on each limb rather than 5.
Eurotamandua is an extinct genus of mammal that lived some 49 million years ago, during the early Eocene.
Starting in 2013, Tasmanian devils are again being sent to zoos around the world as part of the Australian government's Save the Tasmanian Devil Program.
The species name is in appreciation of the geologist, Costin Ungureanu, who found the fossil.
Homo ergaster is variously thought to be ancestral to, or as sharing a common ancestor with, or as being the same species as, Homo erectus.
The two species were first distinguished on the basis of their different-frequency echolocation calls.
Paraxiphodon suggests that they survived into the Lower Oligocene, at least.
Oligobunis is an extinct genus of mustelids, which existed during the Miocene epoch.
vantasselensis, three of which were originally identified as members of Oligobunis.
The West African long-tailed shrew is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.
It is also known as the California meadow mouse.
Kloss's squirrel is sometimes considered a subspecies.
Crump's mouse is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
It is characterized by M1 cusp formula 3:4:2 and is much smaller than the two other known species.
The lesser mouse-deer or kanchil, also known as the lesser Malay chevrotain, is a species of even-toed ungulate in the family Tragulidae .
Nimravides is a genus of extinct saber-toothed felids that lived in North America during the middle and late Miocene, between 13.6 and 4.9 Ma.
It was only recognised as a separate species in 1894.
The Mentawai rat is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
It can be found in Ivory Coast, Ghana, Guinea, Liberia, and Sierra Leone.
Puerto Rican long-nosed bat, Monophyllus plethodon prater, is an extinct subspecies of insular single leaf bat from Puerto Rico.
The rock-haunting ringtail possum has one of the shortest tails of all ringtail possums, and at its end it is hairless and scaly.
A male donkey or ass is called a jack, a female a jenny or jennet; a young donkey is a foal.
The oribi reaches nearly 50–67 centimetres at the shoulder and weighs 12–22 kilograms.
The Sulawesi rousette is a species of megabat in the family Pteropodidae endemic to Sulawesi, an island in Indonesia.
The animal's physical characteristics, and its preferred locality to insects, has led experts to suggest that the Liberian mongoose is primarily insectivorous.
It was formerly considered to be a subspecies of Petaurus breviceps
The Gorontalo macaque or Dumoga-Bone macaque is a species of primate in the family Cercopithecidae.
Other positions of aardvarks within Afrotheria are possible, such as being closest relatives of elephant shrews and/or afrosoricidans.
This mammal sported fearsome canine teeth, probably for defense.
Macleay's dorcopsis, also known as the Papuan dorcopsis or the Papuan forest wallaby, is a species of marsupial in the family Macropodidae.
It had small tusks which it used to uproot plants, and spoon-shaped incisors ideal for pulling and cropping water plants.
The last known specimen died in London Zoo in 1852, after three years of captivity.
Diclidurus are poorly known and only infrequently captured, at least in part because they fly high above the ground or in the forest canopy.
It is a dark red colour with black extremities and can grow to a head-and-body length of 42 cm.
It was first named by Thomas E. Williamson and Anne Weil in 2011 and the type species is Chacomylus sladei.
It includes the genera Baiomys and Scotinomys, with a total of four living species.
The Palawan montane squirrel is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae.
It is found in Albania, France, Greece, Italy, Monaco, Montenegro, San Marino, Serbia, Slovenia, Switzerland, and Turkey.
It was smaller than the two extant members of its genus.
The six-banded armadillo inhabits savannas, primary and secondary forests, cerrados, shrublands, and deciduous forests.
Together with the Sumatran orangutan, it belongs to the only genus of great apes native to Asia.
The species was named after Knud Christian Andersen.
It is generally grey with rufous tinges and patches of black around its body, and is a nocturnal, semi-gregarious grazer of grasses and other vegetation.
It contains two species, which are known only from the Indonesian island of Flores:
It is found at altitudes of 200 to 1,200 m on fragmentary patches of forest on craggy limestone areas.
Babiacetus was named by Trivedy & Satsangi 1984 in an abstract based on the type specimen.
Hemisyntrachelus is an extinct genus of cetacean.
For the GP2 Series racing team, see Addax Team.
The African golden cat is a wild cat endemic to the rainforests of West and Central Africa.
The swift fox lives primarily in short-grass prairies and deserts.
The Tatra chamois is a subspecies of the chamois of the Rupicapra genus.
Stegotherium is an extinct genus of armadillo in the family Dasypodidae.
Its name reflects that its fossils were first found in modern-day Kenya.
Nemegtbaatar is a genus of mammal from the Upper Cretaceous Period of what is now Mongolia.
It is endemic to a small island off the Caribbean coast of Panama, Isla Escudo de Veraguas, and is considered to be critically endangered.
It is found in China and Thailand.
It is found in Colombia and Venezuela.
It is found in Colombia, Trinidad and Tobago, and Venezuela.
Peter's disk-winged bat is a bat species mainly found in South and Central America.
Other than that, their systematic relationships are hard to define.
Litters of generally three to five young are born after a pregnancy around 25 days, mainly during the summer.
Loxodonta exoptata is an extinct species of elephant in the genus Loxodonta, from Africa.
Its type locality is Raktinskaya, Kamchatka Peninsula, Russia.
It is found in Cameroon and Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Its closest relative is the Andean porcupine.
Nearly one hundred fossil specimens are known from Kenya and Ethiopia, representing over 20 individuals.
The North American least shrew's eyes are small and its ears are completely concealed within its short fur, giving it very poor eyesight and hearing.
As of 2012, the team that discovered the bone were seeking permission to search for more bones in the area.
The olive baboon, also called the Anubis baboon, is a member of the family Cercopithecidae.
While overall widespread and numerous, some of its subspecies are rare and at least one has already become extinct.
Predators include hawks, owls, snakes, and foxes.
All specimens were collected from numerous localities in Balochistan and northwestern Frontier Province, from the uppermost part of the Ghazij Formation.
Peterson's chinchilla mouse is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.
The back has three distinct black or dark brown stripes running along the length of the body.
Its natural habitat is indigenous forests and moist grassland, and also gardens.
The only species, Altiatlasius koulchii, was described in 1990.
The Sibuyan shrew is a species of shrew from the Philippines.
The montane Sumatran white-bellied rat, also known as the Montane Sumatran niviventer, is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
The two are, however, mutually intelligible, as North American wolves have been recorded to respond to European-style howls made by biologists.
It is a well-known species, and a favorite in European gardens, both for its endearing appearance and its preference for eating a range of garden pests.
It may also be found in Bolivia, and possibly Brazil.
These rodents are commonly known as gerbil mice or by their local name lauchas.
With the tribes Marmotini and Protoxerini, they form the subfamily Xerinae.
The genus is widely distributed across North America, Central America, and northern and central South America, though most species are confined to particular regions.
It is found in Afghanistan and Pakistan.
Himalayan jungle cat is a subspecies of the jungle cat that inhabits the Himalayan region ranging from Kashmir and Nepal to Sikkim and Yunnan.
Endemic to Japan, it is found on Honshu, Kyushu, Shikoku, and Shodoshima.
The ocelot-sized predator Wakaleo, along with its jaguar-sized relative Thylacoleo, were actually related to the herbivore wombats.
The golden-rumped elephant shrew is a small African mammal.
The klipspringer inhabits places characterised by rocky terrain and sparse vegetation.
Today, it is bred in captivity in special reserves in Tunisia, Morocco and Senegal and on private exotic animal ranches in the Texas Hill Country.
It was previously included in Oryzomys as Oryzomys alfaroi.
It has not yet been assessed for the IUCN Red List.
An unidentified species of the genus is known from the Pleistocene of New Guinea.
The steppe lemming or steppe vole is a small, plump, light-grey rodent, similar in appearance to the Norway lemming, but not in the same genus.
As Proconsul, Kenyapithecus may not be in the same clade as apes and humans, but as the older Equatorius, it may be.
In Geist’s opinion, the inclusion of these additional populations obscures the precarious position of the “true” woodland caribou.
Both disappeared at the end of the Late Pleistocene in a Quaternary extinction event together with many other large Australian animals.
It is found in coastal lowland forest in western Mexico.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland.
Hinde's lesser house bat is a species of vesper bat.
African vlei rats, also known as groove-toothed rats, live in many areas of sub-Saharan Africa.
It eats a variety of foods, including insects, exudates, fruits and other plant parts.
Fragments from the jaw suggest that it had had very large eyes in proportion to its body size, which would suggest that it was nocturnal.
Both sexes can grow antlers annually, although the proportion of females that grow antlers varies greatly between population and season.
Its common name is based on two separate local words, "orang" and "hutan", and translates as 'person of the forest'.
There are about 20,000 left and most of them can be found in West Virginia.
Turiasorex is an extinct genus of shrew which existed in east central Spain, during the middle and late Miocene.
Paraentelodon macrognathus is an extinct entelodont from the Late Oligocene of Asia.
The abdomen, rump, throat, insides of legs, ears and tail are all white.
The mountain nyala are shy and elusive towards human beings.
The southwestern water vole or southern water vole is a large amphibious vole found in most of France and south-westwards through Spain and Portugal.
Fossil records suggest these two species diverged about one million years ago, resulting in a northern and a southern species.
Eosimias was a genus of early primates, first discovered and identified in 1999 from fossils collected in the Shanghuang fissure-fillings of the southern Jiangsu Province, China.
The olive grey ears have a length of between 17–18 mm.
It differs from V. antsahabensis mainly in the values of some measurements.
It was previously considered a subspecies of the Diana monkey.
Paulchoffatiids were members of the order Multituberculata.
This is a bone that is typical for lower tetrapods, but is usually absent in mammals",.
An omnivore, it eats both plant and animal food, including seeds and insects.
They have cylindrical bodies, velvety fur, very small, inconspicuous ears and eyes, reduced hindlimbs and short, powerful forelimbs with large paws adapted for digging.
Due to its slow movements, the antelope is an easy target for its predators: lions, humans, African wild dogs, cheetahs, and leopards.
The Laotian giant flying squirrel is an arboreal, flying squirrel endemic to Laos.
The p4 is 4.15 mm long and bears eight cusps on its upper margin and long associated ridges on both sides.
It was first recorded in 1931 and was observed roosting with the larger and much more common Marianas flying fox.
Nevertheless, coyotes do sometimes mate with gray, eastern, or red wolves, producing hybrids colloquially called "coywolves".
Tadarida kuboriensis - New Guinea free-tailed bat
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
It lived during the Eocene period of Europe, in forests, and may have been arboreal.
It was a relatively small animal about 50 cm in length, not including the tail.
These were the first large browsers, pioneering styles of life later followed by many unrelated groups of mammals: rhinos, tapirs, hippos, ground sloths, and elephants.
It occurs only in northeastern Brazil and was formerly included in C. subflavus.
With males and females weighing around 3.5 and 1.8 kg, respectively, it is mainland Australia's largest carnivorous marsupial, and the world's longest extant carnivorous marsupial.
The Puno grass mouse is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.
Previously in 2005, the population was estimated at 1,295-1,345 in Turkmenistan.
Their long tail provides stability in flight.
The Persian fallow deer is a rare ruminant mammal belonging to the family Cervidae.
The species is threatened by habitat loss due to dune removal and urbanization.
Unlike most of its relatives, it has a striking white or yellow-white stripe that extends down its thigh.
Togocetus is a genus of extinct cetacean from the Lutetian of Togo, known from a fossilized skeleton discovered few kilometers north-east of Lomé.
This is the article on the family Hippopotamidae; for the main article on hippos, see Hippopotamus
It is about 13 cm long with a 1 cm tail, and weighs about 60 g.
The Thalia's shrew is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.
The population suddenly shrank in the 1930s, and the mammal nearly vanished.
It is found in Bangladesh, Bhutan, China, India, Malaysia, and Nepal.
Older sources recognize Vampyriscus as a subgenus of Vampyressa.
Hippopopotamus colonized Crete probably 800,000 years ago and lived there during the Middle Pleistocene.
This species is distinguished from other members of the subfamily Dorudontinae by its smaller size and the slightly elongated proximal lumbar and caudal vertebrae.
The species is named after Iranian epidemiologist Y. Karimi.
Batodonoides vanhouteni is an extinct shrew-like mammal, thought to be the smallest mammal that ever lived.
Prochetodon is a genus of mammals from the extinct order Multituberculata.
Until 2009, it was considered as the same species as the golden palm civet, but proposed to be given specific rank.
The lorisids are all slim arboreal animals and comprise the lorises, pottos and angwantibos.
Since its development, the number of Polled Dorsets registered in the United States has grown to exceed the number of Horned Dorsets.
Megaoryzomys curioi, also known as the Galápagos giant rat, is an extinct species of sigmodontine rodent, known only from Santa Cruz Island in the Galápagos Islands.
Fossil remains of the species Henkelodon naias were discovered in the Kimmeridgian-age strata of Guimarota, Portugal.
Penghu 1 is estimated to be between 10,000 and 190,000 years old.
The addax, also known as the white antelope and the screwhorn antelope, is an antelope of the genus Addax, that lives in the Sahara desert.
With a length of 70 centimetres, the gazelle-like Thoatherium was the smallest representative of the order Litopterna.
The Golden-mantled tree-kangaroo is a species of tree-kangaroo endemic to the Northern New Guinea montane rain forests ecoregion of northern New Guinea island.
Some primatologists consider the Bwindi population in Uganda may be a separate subspecies, though no description has been finalized.
Many extinct species of Caninae were endemic to North America, living from 34 million to 11,000 years ago.
It is similar in appearance to the eastern cottontail but is characterized by smaller ears, legs, and tail.
The horse is one of two extant subspecies of Equus ferus.
It is found in Brazil, Colombia, Venezuela and Trinidad and Tobago.
Finds range from the mid-latitudes of Europe and North America, dated from the Oligocene/Miocene boundary and surviving through to the end of the Miocene.
Almost 40 years after the original discovery, five live specimens were discovered by Milada Řeháková, Václav Řehák and William L.R.
It is found only in India, where it is widely distributed throughout South India and central India.
The incisor is more strongly curved than it is the case in Paulchoffatia, and its root is longer.
The Brazilian funnel-eared bat is a South American bat species found in eastern Brazil.
The smallest of the species, B. fayumensis, had an estimated weight of 273 g, while the largest, B. megalopsis, had a weight of about 376g.
It is among the largest members of the family, only being surpassed by the bear cuscus.
It is found in Cameroon, Central African Republic, Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Equatorial Guinea, and Gabon.
Described in 2013, the species is known only from Kroombit Tops National Park in southeastern Queensland.
Spilocuscus is a genus of marsupial in the family Phalangeridae.
Metatelmatherium is a genus of brontothere endemic to North America during the Eocene living from 46.2—33.9 mya, existing for approximately 12.3 million years.
Peale's dolphin is a small dolphin found in the waters around Tierra del Fuego at the foot of South America.
It was the largest known bat from Polynesia.
The Mexican bobcat is most commonly found in the Mexican states of Sinaloa and Nayarit.
It is monotypic within the genus Solisorex.
The Black Sea field mouse is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
Females have a head-body length of 46–63 cm, a tail length of 65–74 cm and a body weight of 8–11 kg.
The Yamdena mosaic-tailed rat is a species of rat belonging to the family Muridae.
Many North American birds migrate south to these areas, and if the Pampas deer habitat is lost, they are afraid these bird species will also decline.
Physically, Potamotherium resembled a modern otter, and was 1.5 metres long, with an elongated, slender body and short legs.
Cansdale's swamp rat is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
However its molars were designed for chewing plants, not flesh.
Eosiren is an extinct genus of sea cow that lived during the late Eocene.
They are close to the ancestry of giraffes, with some genera, such as Prolibytherium, originally identified as being giraffes.
The Diana monkey ranges from 40 to 55 cm in length, excluding its tail, which is of a uniform 3–4 cm diameter and 50–75 cm long.
Confusingly, they are not related to the Old World family of large carnivorous bats to be found in the Megadermatidae that are also called false vampires.
It bore a strong resemblance to Brontops brontotheres with its knob-shaped horns.
TB has led to them getting a bad reputation amongst farmers particularly who trap and kill them to prevent further loss of livestock.
The name is sometimes spelled odocoeleus; it is from a contraction of the roots odonto- and coelus meaning "hollow-tooth".
The Peruvian climbing mouse or lesser Peruvian rhipidomys, is a South American species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.
Stink badgers are named for their resemblance to badgers and for the foul-smelling secretions that they expel from anal glands in self-defense.
Many attempts have been made to survey and increase the species' numbers, both concerning their status in the wild, and in zoos.
Canis variabilis, sometimes known as the Zhoukoudian wolf, is an extinct small wolf that once inhabited parts of what is now China and Yakutia.
Panthera crassidens is a possible species of leopard, that is now extinct.
The average pallid beach mouse was 4 to 8 cm in length.
The Hawaiian monk seal, Neomonachus schauinslandi, is an endangered species of earless seal in the family Phocidae that is endemic to the Hawaiian Islands.
Glyptotherium may have been wiped out by climate change or human interference.
A proportion of the Ustiurt population migrates south to Uzbekistan and occasionally Turkmenistan in winter.
This genus contains the following four species:
It was a member of the extinct order Multituberculata and lived towards the end of the "age of the dinosaurs."
It is found in Belize, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Mexico, and Nicaragua.
The black-crowned Central American squirrel monkey is one of the few squirrel monkey taxa that has been the subject of a long term study.
Reports of its existence were doubtful at best, until a skull was unearthed by anthropologist Steven Cox in 1975.
Anomaluromorpha is the name given to a clade that unites the anomalures with the springhares.
It includes the capuchin monkeys and squirrel monkeys.
Rhynchippus was about 1 metre in length and weighted up to 120 kg, with a deep body and three clawed toes on each foot.
Primarily a browser, the klipspringer prefers young plants, fruits and flowers.
It is named in honor of the late married vertebrate paleontologists Friedlinde Obergfell and A. Ranga Rao.
In viverravids, the number of molars is reduced to two and the skull is elongated.
They are the only genus in the subfamily Saimirinae.
It is no longer present in Sudan.
After the European colonization of the Americas, it was reviled in Anglo-American culture as a cowardly and untrustworthy animal.
It has orangish-yellow fur on its back, grey or white fur on its belly, and a distinctive white line on its forehead and nose.
Several African countries have taken steps to improve the standards of cheetah conservation.
Mormoops megalophylla is one of only two extant species within its genus, the other being the much smaller Mormoops blainvillii.
It is the only species in the genus Chrysocyon.
Pitheciines are forest dwellers from northern and central South America, east of the Andes.
It is known only from northern Sumatra in Indonesia.
Like other capuchin monkeys, it is omnivorous, feeding primarily on fruits, invertebrates, other plant parts and sometimes small vertebrates.
The species maintains a home range of 1.2 to 1.5 km2 and has a complex vocal repertoire.
It is found in Costa Rica, Brazil, Venezuela; Colombia; Ecuador; Suriname; French Guiana; Guyana; Panama; Trinidad, and Peru.
The Greek word γόμφος means "nail" but can also be used to signify molar teeth.
Among the terpenes most toxic to flea larvae in the bay leaves are umbellelone, cineole, and cymene.
It is native to eastern India, Vietnam and China where it is found in forest habitats.
There are two recognized subspecies: C. a. ansorgei, found in Angola; and C. a. nigricolor, found in Zaire, which do not have overlapping ranges.
It is closely related to the black rat.
Its long fur is covered with even longer guard hairs.
It is known only from skulls found in owl pellets in the Flinders Ranges.
Anderson's squirrel is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae.
It has many unique features that are not seen in other notoungulates, and has therefore not been placed in any notoungulate family.
Wild kangaroos are shot for meat, leather hides, and to protect grazing land.
The domesticated form of the gaur is called gayal or mithun.
It is found across most of the continent of Europe, parts of the Near East and North Africa.
Formerly widespread, only small, scattered herds are seen today, largely confined to protected areas.
It is the only species in the genus Gymnuromys.
The gray whale is distributed in an eastern North Pacific population and a critically endangered western North Pacific population.
Some species have contrasting blackish or whitish foreheads, while all members of the genus Cheracebus have a white half-collar.
They were heavy-bodied, with short four-toed hooves and comparatively long tails.
The snout has mechanoreceptors and electroreceptors that help the echidna to detect its surroundings.
Drying conditions throughout much of the continent of Australia likely account for the relatively poor Miocene fossil record.
The global hirola population is estimated at 300–500 animals, there are no hirola in captivity and the wild population continues to decline.
The Honduran small-eared shrew is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.
The status Least Concern on the IUCN Red List is attributed to the species, including all subspecies of wildcats.
It is found in Southwest China, specifically Yunnan Province.
Bush babies communicate both by calling to each other and by marking their paths with their urine.
There are eight different genera in the family classified as rabbits, including the European rabbit, cottontail rabbits, and the Amami rabbit.
Length: Average: 211 mm Range: 197–221 mm
It made its living nibbling plants as great big, and small, dinosaurs roamed the world.
Edworthia described from a recently discovered locality in the Paskapoo Formation, exposed at a road cut in Edworthy Municipal Park.
The long-fingered bat is a species of vesper bat.
Rickett's big-footed bat is a species of vesper bat.
Its natural habitats are hot deserts and temperate desert.
The Southern white-breasted hedgehog and European hedgehog can hybridize.
Cataloged KT13-96-H1, it appears in a scientific article in 1997 as Australopithecus sp.
The species generally lives on the ground.
As of 2005, 19 coyote subspecies are recognized.
The Brooke's duiker is a species of antelope.
The grey mongoose is commonly found in open forests, scrublands and cultivated fields, often close to human habitation.
The Yarkand or Yarkland hare is a species of mammal in the family Leporidae.
Jerboas use their nose to burrow and push the dirt when looking for food.
The Carruther's mountain squirrel is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae.
It is found in Brazil, French Guyana, Guyana and Peru.
The cladogram is based on molecular phylogeny of six genes in Flynn, 2005.
The species Equus achates was named by Hay and Cook in 1930 and synonymized with E. francisci in 1995.
This jackrabbit has two described subspecies: L. townsendii townsendii occurring west of the Rocky Mountains and L. townsendii campanius occurring east of the Rocky Mountains.
It is found in Brunei, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, and Vietnam.
The ground squirrel is especially renowned for its tendency to rise up on its hind legs.
The single species, T. matuastensis, is known from one tooth, a first lower molar.
Alternatively, the idea that the finds are the remains of early hominins has not been ruled out entirely.
The East African springhare, is not closely related to the hare, but is a member of the Pedetidae, a rodent family.
It has a deep thick fur which is brown in summer and white in winter.
It is blind and has no external ear lobes and lacks a tail.
Mammal Species of the World: A Taxonomic and Geographic Reference.
The last recorded shooting of a wild Barbary lion took place in Morocco, near Tizi n'Tichka in 1942.
It is found only in Sri Lanka.
Kouprey form small herds led by a female, and graze on grasses, feeding in the forest during the day and in the open at night.
Oligoryzomys chacoensis, also known as the Chacoan colilargo or Chacoan pygmy rice rat, is a rodent species from South America.
The species definitely occurs in the Atlantic lowlands of Panama close to the Costa Rica border.
Like most oryzomyines, it has eight mammae, including a pectoral pair.
The climacoceratids, namely members of what is now the type genus Climacoceras, were originally placed within the family Palaeomerycidae, and then within Giraffidae.
It differs from the long-nosed potoroo in its larger feet and longer tail.
Mionothropus is an extinct genus of nothrotheriine nothrotheriid sloth which existed in Peru in the western Amazon basin, during the late Miocene.
In the wild, they originate from Dzungaria, the wheat fields of Kazakhstan, the meadows of Mongolia, Siberia, and the birch stands of Manchuria.
The spectacled flying fox was listed as a threatened species under the Commonwealth Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act of 1991.
Raffray's sheath-tailed bat is a species of sac-winged bat in the family Emballonuridae.
M. griffithsi is similar to its sister species Miniopterus gleni, which lives north of the Onilahy River, while M. giffithsi lives south of it.
Tapirs have a long history on the North American continent.
It also has a distinct white breast patch, with fine hairs scattered over its body.
The other main theory for the extinction was due to the climate change brought on by the most recent ice age.
Instead, the chevrotains are probably the closest living relatives to these ancient deer-like animals.
It is found in Ecuador and Peru.
The greater false vampire bat is a species of bat in the family Megadermatidae, the false vampire bats.
It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador and Peru.
Mohave ground squirrels emit a high-pitched "peep" as an alarm call, when startled or when young begin to emerge from their natal burrows.
The hairy long-nosed armadillo, or woolly armadillo, is a species of armadillo in the family Dasypodidae.
The tail is brown above and lighter below.
This species, together with the Andean white-eared opossum, was separated from the white-eared opossum in 2002, having been included with that species in 1993.
It remains one of the most enigmatic members of Australia's unique mammalian fauna.
Its natural habitats are dry savanna, moist savanna, arable land, pastureland, plantations, rural gardens, urban areas, and heavily degraded former forest.
Dactylomys is the genus of South American bamboo rats They are arboreal members of the family Echimyidae.
L. verhageni has a fairly large overall size.
Ambulocetidae is a family of early cetaceans from Pakistan.
It is found in wet to dry sclerophyll forests and low shrub woodlands.
By weight, rhino horns cost as much as gold on the black market.
New Britain naked-backed fruit bat, Dobsonia praedatrix
In 2007, approximately 100 individuals remain in Zambia and between 50 and 90 left in Mozambique.
The m3 is about rectangular in shape, but rounded at the back.
The pale gerbil has pale orange fur, with white underparts, white forelimbs and white feet.
Jaculus species are distributed in desert and semi-arid regions across northern Africa, the Sahara, the Horn of Africa, Arabia, the Middle East, and Central Asia.
It is found in Brazil, Costa Rica, Guyana and Nicaragua.
Gestation is typically six months long, after which a single calf is born.
It is mostly brown in color, with the exception of the underside of the tail, which is white.
It was first described by the British zoologist Oldfield Thomas as Gerbillus dunni in 1904.
It is found only in Costa Rica and Panama, and there are no subspecies.
Desert bighorn sheep is a subspecies of bighorn sheep, that is native to the deserts of the Southwestern United States and Northwestern Mexico.
It is restricted to forested mountain habitat up to 4500 m above sea level, making study difficult.
They are hopping rodents of the rocky deserts in Asia.
Although generally known as a buffalo in North America, it is only distantly related to the true buffalo.
People grind up the horns and then consume them believing the dust has therapeutic properties.
As with most mountain goats and sheep, it has rubbery hooves to provide balance and traction on the steep, rocky slopes.
Indirect evidence suggest that hair first appeared on non-mammalian therapsids, back in the Triassic or even earlier.
It is found north of the Amazon River and east of the Branco River in Brazil and the Guianas.
Despite its name, it is not a close relative of the ground squirrels of the tribe Marmotini
Remains consisting of seven upper jaws have been found in Kimmeridgian-age strata of Guimarota, Portugal.
The Indian crested porcupine, or Indian porcupine, is a large species of hystricomorph rodent belonging to the Old World porcupine family, Hystricidae.
It was not described as a separate species until 2002.
The orbiculus leaf-nosed bat, also known as the orbiculus roundleaf bat, is a species of bat from the family Hipposideridae.
The woodland thicket rat is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
The total population of the lesser kudu has been estimated to be nearly 118,000, with a decreasing trend in populations.
As of 2008, nearly 25% of the populations occur in protected areas throughout its range.
It is thought to prefer the mid to high canopy of tropical coastal forest, submontane and lowland tropical forest.
The International Union for Conservation of Nature has rated the species as "critically endangered", but it may already be extinct.
One leopard-sized species is known, Paramachairodus orientalis from the Turolian.
and Granger W. in 1925 and is based on a single species.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
The Honduran white bat is a species of bat in the family Phyllostomatidae.
Viverra is a mammalian genus that was first nominated and described by Carl Linnaeus in 1758 as comprising several species including the large Indian civet.
The fawn hopping mouse is classified as vulnerable.
M. cornusaulax Czaplewski, 2012 – Miocene, Oklahoma
It is the only extant native land mammal on Jamaica besides bats.
Its black and white striped body is covered with quills, which it will raise when agitated.
Thylacinus is a genus of extinct carnivorous marsupials from the order Dasyuromorphia.
In addition it is also a good evidence for the Out of Africa theory.
It was very closely related to the Old World Dromedary and Bactrian camel.
The lesser bamboo rat is more variable in its habitat, living in grassy areas, forests, and sometimes gardens, and eats a wider variety of vegetation.
There they build nests, padded with fallen leaves from trees.
The Atlantic Forest climbing mouse has sometimes been similarly referred to as the "long-tailed climbing mouse".
Sri Lankan sambar live in lowland dry forests and mountain forests.
It is one of only two extant species in the family Hippopotamidae, the other being its much larger cousin the common hippopotamus.
It is endemic to Mexico, where it is known only from the eastern slopes of the volcanoes Orizaba and Cofre de Perote.
In the 21st century, this is increasingly divided into up to three parapatric species:
It was formerly classified as being the only species in the genus Nesoscaptor.
The Jujuy tuco-tuco is a species of rodent in the family Ctenomyidae.
It lives on the steppe and in foothills and alpine meadows.
The Gulf Coast kangaroo rat is a species of rodent in the family Heteromyidae found in Mexico and the state of Texas in the United States.
These whales are remarkable for their retention of teeth and presence of nutrient foramina, indicating that they possessed baleen.
Dilambdogale is an extinct genus of afrosoricid which existed in Fayum, Egypt during the latest Eocene.
The chital or cheetal, also known as spotted deer or axis deer, is a species of deer that is native in the Indian subcontinent.
Rice tenrecs are the two species in the Malagasy genus Oryzorictes.
The yellow serotine is a species of vesper bat.
The North Sulawesi babirusa, Babyrousa celebensis, is a pig-like animal native to Sulawesi and some nearby islands in Indonesia.
Woosnam's broad-headed mouse or Woosnam's zelotomys is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
The Molaccan prehensile-tailed rat is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
Anomotherium is an extinct genus of manatee that lived in the shallow seas of what is now northern Germany.
Nalameryx is an extinct genus of lophiomerycid ruminant which existed in lower Chitarwata Formation, Pakistan during the middle Oligocene.
In the leontiinids, there is a gradual trend towards specialization of the teeth, where this is going developing more the incisors and appears a conspicuous diastema.
Males weigh 5.5 to 9.0 kg, females 3.5 to 4.5 kg.
The Amazonian marsh rat, also known as the common marsh rat, or simply the marsh rat, is a rodent species from South America.
The rodent parvorder or infraorder Phiomorpha comprises several living and extinct families found wholly or largely in Africa.
It was first described in 1780 by Eberhard August Wilhelm von Zimmermann.
It is believed that the species of Deinogalerix were insectivores, mostly feeding off invertebrates like beetles, dragonflies and crickets, and possibly even snails.
Their claws were most likely used in a hook-like manner to pull down branches, suggesting they lived as bipedal browsers.
It is found in Burundi, Rwanda, and Uganda.
The most prominent anatomical feature of this bat, separating it from other bats, is the presence of disks on its thumbs and hind feet.
It is found on the islands of Ibiza, Sardinia, and Pantelleria in the Mediterranean Sea, in northern Algeria, and in northern Tunisia.
Other common names are Somali cheetah, Northeast African cheetah or Central African cheetah.
The woodland dormouse is a species of rodent in the family Gliridae.
It is the second largest North American subspecies of moose, second to the Alaskan moose.
This is the first taxon to become "un-extinct", although the clone died a few minutes after birth due to physical defects in lungs.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
The Malayan horseshoe bat is a species of bat in the family Rhinolophidae.
Davis's round-eared bat is a species of Central American bat in the family Phyllostomidae.
It prefers to roost under the ceiling or inside the roof of old buildings.
The word tucuxi is derived from the Tupi language word tuchuchi-ana, and has now been adopted as the species' common name.
Monk seals have developed a fear of humans, and may even abandon beaches due to human presence.
Plesiadapis tricuspidens, the type specimen, is named after the three cusps present on its upper incisors.
Three subspecies have been noted: N. m. aethiopica, N. m. luteola, and N. m. macrotis.
They resemble the domestic pig, and can be identified by their blunt, muscular snouts, small eyes, pointed, tufted ears and buckled toes.
It is endemic to Papua New Guinea, where its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
The golden face is framed by a white ruff, which is considerably fluffier in males.
Musseromys is a genus of rodent in the family Muridae.
Procoptodon is a genus of giant short-faced kangaroo living in Australia during the Pleistocene epoch.
The Lodgepole Chipmunk has a variety of common names including: Tahoe Chipmunk, Sequoia Chipmunk, Mt.
The tillodonts were medium- to large-sized animals that probably feed on roots and tubers in temperate to subtropical habitats.
Its karyotype has 2n = 70 and FNa = 84.
The lesser hairy-footed dunnart is a small carnivorous Australian marsupial of the family Dasyuridae.
Thewissen & Bajpai 2009 proposed a new clade, Andrewsiphiinae, for the two species.
The Chinese noctule is a common and widespread species of bat belonging to the family Vespertilionidae.
Inia is a genus of river dolphins from South America.
They are active during daytime and have a lifespan of about ten years.
The long-tailed musk shrew is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.
The crab-eating macaque, also known as the long-tailed macaque, is a cercopithecine primate native to Southeast Asia.
They are found in Canada, the United States and northeastern Mexico.
Here they occur in tall and dense vegetation as well as seasonal swamps, marshy clearings in forests, riparian thickets and mangrove swamps.
Over 725,000 fin whales were reportedly taken from the Southern Hemisphere between 1905 and 1976; as of 1997 only 38,000 survived.
The Delacour's langur, or Delacour's lutung, is a critically endangered species of lutung endemic to northern Vietnam.
Other names for this animal include the North African forest elephant, Carthaginian elephant, and Atlas elephant.
A pride of lions consists of related females and offspring and a small number of adult males.
Elliot's short-tailed shrew is a small, slate grey, short-tailed species of shrew.
The species are the Japanese shrew mole, True's shrew mole and American shrew mole.
The minke whale , or lesser rorqual, is type of baleen whale.
This saltwater exclusivity is unlike most other otter species, including the almost fully aquatic sea otter of the northeast Pacific.
Elephant seals breed annually and are seemingly faithful to colonies that have established breeding areas.
K. hahni Antunes, 1998 was reported from Paimogo, Lourinhã, by Miguel Telles Antunes.
The Nubian giraffe is the nominate subspecies of giraffe.
Scott's mouse-eared bat is a species of vesper bat.
The yellow-cheeked gibbon is born blond and later turns black.
The Namaqua rock rat is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
Stegolophodon was a stegodontid with two tusks and a trunk.
Fully grown males are usually solitary outside the breeding season.
They have russet coats, with greyish-black legs and backs, and white underbellies.
The musky rat-kangaroo is a marsupial species found only in the rainforests of northeast Australia.
The species is, however, experiencing declines outside of protected areas due to habitat loss and poaching.
In turn, Meridungulata is believed to belong to the extant superorder Laurasiatheria.
The best known is Thylacoleo carnifex, also called the marsupial lion.
A single species, Qarunavus meyeri is known from the Lower Oligocene Jebel Qatrani Formation of modern-day Egypt.
The Junín red squirrel is a species of squirrel from Peru and Ecuador.
The Grasse's shrew is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.
Macrauchenia is the best-known and most recent macraucheniid.
It is found over a wide area of Africa.
The teeth are all characterized by long transverse crests coupled with shorter ones.
However, more rigorous studies have concluded that this is not the case.
It has recently been considered the sole species in the subgenus Hyrcanicola.
The Chilean dolphin, also known as the black dolphin, is one of four dolphins in the genus Cephalorhynchus.
It is the only species in the genus Plerotes.
Two possible subspecies are found in range restricted to islands near Western Australia.
Mandrills have an omnivorous diet consisting mostly of fruits and insects.
At one time, they were considered to be a subspecies of the Arctic lemming, Dicrostonyx torquatus.
It is found in Colombia, Ecuador, Panama and Peru.
The fringe-eared oryx is a subspecies of East African oryx.
It is native to tropical West Africa where it occurs on grassland and crop land.
It is found mostly in Central Asia east to the Aral Sea.
"Taxonomic Notes: The species Melonycteris aurantius was synonymized with this species."
They may forage the surface, underwater or even on the ocean bottom.
The Vanuatu flying fox or white flying fox is a species of flying fox in the family Pteropodidae.
The Bengal tiger is the national animal of both India and Bangladesh.
Correspondingly, the mating system is highly polygynous; a successful male is able to impregnate up to 50 females in one season.
It is the sole member of the genus Leptailurus and was first described by German naturalist Johann Christian Daniel von Schreber in 1776.
The Thomas's langur is a species of primate in the family Cercopithecidae.
Like most members of the genus living in rocky areas, dens tend to take advantage of crevices, rock shelters, and caves; stick nests are relatively rare.
It is endemic to the Yunnan province of China, although its range is thought to extend over the border into Burma.
Population decline in parts of its range is likely to be more than 70% during the last three generations.
It is native to South, North and Central America, from the Rio Grande Valley of Texas in the United States to Argentina.
The gray brush-furred rat is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
This is awkward because tribosphenic molars are commonly found in most therian mammals.
It is also nearly extinct in Sudan.
It forages in rainforest canopy and roosts in tree hollows.
It has a number of physiological and behavioural adaptations developed to cope with the extremely varied climatic conditions.
Peter Dwyer has found the species to be active during the daytime and being mostly terrestrial.
The short-headed broad-nosed bat, Platyrrhinus brachycephalus, is a bat species from South America.
It was found in the Dominican Republic, Haiti, and Puerto Rico.
The Inca Oldfield mouse is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.
It is found in Belize, Guatemala and Mexico, in and near the Yucatan Peninsula.
A species of the family Bovidae and genus Taurotragus, it was described in 1847 by John Edward Gray.
It is endemic to the island of Borneo, including Brunei, Kalimantan, and East Malaysia.
There was a mention of this squirrel being found in Vietnam in 1831, but subsequent descriptions of this squirrel's range have not included that nation.
It is generally similar to the species complex of the great roundleaf bat, with which it shares the habitat, but has distinguishing characters.
This is the largest species of mouse-like hamster.
From the location of the deposits it is assumed that it preferred clay rather than sandy soils.
Stylinodon's molars were covered in enamel and continued growing throughout its life.
The Caroline flying fox or Pohnpei flying fox is a species of megabat in the Pteropus genus, endemic to Micronesia.
Dorcatherium is an extinct genus of tragulid ruminant which existed in Europe, East Africa and the Siwaliks during the Miocene and Pliocene.
Borophagus pugnator existed for approximately 18 million years.
The Upper Galilee Mountains blind mole-rat is an extant species of subterranean rodent within the family Spalacidae, indigenous to Upper Galilee in northern Israel.
It has only been observed on montane forests.
Mackness, Brian, Prehistoric Australia, Sydney, Golden Press, 1987.
The red climbing mouse, also known as Vernay's climbing mouse, is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
Although oceanic dolphins are widespread, most species prefer the warmer waters of the tropic zones, but some, like the right whale dolphin, prefer colder climates.
It prefers rocky habitats and is found mostly in the Pamir, Kirgiz, Gissar, and Tien Shan mountain ranges.
It is taller and more sparsely haired than the European form, though its back bristles are much more developed.
Its primary habitat seems to be the vineyards and fields of the Troödos Mountains region.
Aside from this information, nothing else is known about the species including its population and threats.
The Mexican deer mouse is a species of forest-dwelling rodent in the family Cricetidae.
As European presence in their range increased, trophy hunting also became a serious threat.
Material has also been reported from the Upper Jurassic Morrison Formation of North America.
It was formerly sometimes assigned to Sphiggurus, a genus no longer recognized since genetic studies showed it to be polyphyletic.
Neacomys dubosti, also known as Dubost's neacomys or Dubost's bristly mouse, is a species of South American rodent in the genus Neacomys of family Cricetidae.
The Zanj sun squirrel is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae from eastern Africa.
It is threatened by deforestation, habitat fragmentation and agriculture.
It is a sandy colour, which gave rise to its other common name.
The white-cheeked spider monkey is a species of spider monkey, a type of New World monkey, endemic to Brazil.
Juliomys anoblepas is similar to the other members of its genus in the configuration of its zygomatic plate.
Anthony's woodrat is an extinct species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.
The acuminate horseshoe bat is a species of bat in the family Rhinolophidae.
The northern subspecies had very few remaining, with only three confirmed individuals left in 2015, all in captivity.
It is one of the better-known gibbons and is often seen in zoos.
Their evasion tactic is to run in a zigzag pattern, making it difficult for predators to catch them.
The Capreolinae are believed to have originated in the Late Miocene, between 7.7 and 11.5 million years ago, in central Asia.
It is brown on the back, and lighter on the underside.
Its karyotype has 2n = 66 and FN = 66.
The ears are short and pointed, and they have no noseleafs, but the lips are wrinkled up and modified into a funnel shape.
Their treatment on fur farms has been a focus of animal rights and animal welfare activism.
Pennatomys nivalis is an extinct oryzomyine rodent from the islands of Sint Eustatius, Saint Kitts, and Nevis in the Lesser Antilles.
The black-crowned Central American squirrel monkey was assessed by the International Union for Conservation of Nature as Endangered.
C. ferelloii first appeared in the Oligocene and died out during the Middle Miocene.
Some megalonychid lineages increased in size as time passed.
This superfamily is further subdivided into two families and several other genera, as listed in the table.
Though it was originally thought to be a member of the Lophocebus genus genetic data later placed it as its own separate genus Rungwecebus.
The Bornean horseshoe bat is a species of bat in the family Rhinolophidae.
Until it receives a new name, zoological nomenclature requires the inverted commas.
Hunting, accidents and trapping kill or remove many baboons from the wild.
The Sulawesi free-tailed bat is a species of bat in the family Molossidae.
There are many known reasons for the extinction of the big-eared hopping mouse.
The Lowe's shrew is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.
The fossa and the Malagasy civet are believed to be the most ancient surviving species within this group.
As of 2015, the population is estimated at less than 1,000.
Its natural habitats are dry savanna, subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland, and rocky areas.
Found in what is now southern England, it was a relatively early member of the also extinct order of Multituberculata.
This species lives colonially in warrens of 10 to over 100.
Tarsius fuscus is a species of tarsier.
The tiny serotine is a species of vesper bat.
It is found in Kachin State in northern Burma.
The diet of Preuss's monkey is primarily fruit, leaves and insects, although the species occasionally raids human crops.
It is found in Argentina and Brazil.
The little margareta rat is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
A. f. fusciceps lives in tropical and subtropical humid forests between 100 and 1,700 metres above sea level.
The largest collection of Smilodon fossils has been obtained from the Rancho La Brea Tar Pits in Los Angeles, California.
The underside is more pigmented on the chin, hind throat, chest and forebelly, while the limbs are rusty ochreous or rich tan.
Silvacola is an extinct genus of hedgehog of the family Erinaceidae, which lived in North America during the Eocene, 50 million years ago.
The fossils were discovered by recreational cavers Rick Hunter and Steven Tucker in 2013.
Gliding serves as an efficient means of both reaching food and evading predators.
They are classified in the genus Galagoides in the family Galagidae.
Lagostomus crassus is an extinct species of chinchilla that was native to Peru.
In the mid-20th century the Japanese serow was hunted to near-extinction.
Teruelictis riparius is an extinct mammalian carnivoran, belonging to the family Mustelidae and was probably related to otters.
According to the first description, these fossils are close to the common ancestor of chimps and humans.
The striped possums, on the other hand, are thought to have evolved on New Guinea; the sole Australian species is considered a recent immigrant.
The head of the heath mouse is characteristically blunt, with a Roman nose and bulging eyes, characteristics shared by the majority of the Pseudomys genus.
Decidedly rich and thick in nature, desman fur used to be highly sought after by the fur trade.
They are found in open and semiopen habitats, even in quite arid regions, in sub-Saharan Africa.
The striped bush squirrel is a species of rodents in the family Sciuridae found in Kenya, Malawi, Mozambique, and Tanzania.
Townsend's big-eared bat is a species of vesper bat.
It is found in Angola, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ethiopia, Kenya, Lesotho, Malawi, Mozambique, Rwanda, South Africa, Swaziland, Tanzania, Uganda, Zambia, and Zimbabwe.
Alexandromys is a subgenus of voles in the genus Microtus.
Some academics believe that the animal was worshiped during antiquity.
Generally, Barbary macaques of all ages and sexes contribute in alloparental care of young.
It is found in Ethiopia and Sudan.
While the red forest duiker is very similar to the common duiker, it is smaller in size and has a distinguishing reddish coloring.
Now the bats reside in the few areas of remaining forest, and if these are cut down, the species is likely to go extinct.
The New Britain naked-backed fruit bat is a species of megabat in the family Pteropodidae.
The smoky pocket gopher is a species of rodent in the family Geomyidae.
It constructs burrows into the banks of ponds and slow-moving streams, but prefers small, overgrown ponds with abundance of insects, crayfish and amphibians.
Paulchoffatia is a genus of extinct mammal of the Upper Jurassic - Lower Cretaceous.
The silky Oldfield mouse is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.
The genus is represented at the Messel Pit site by two species:
Spider monkeys are found in social groups of up to 30 individuals; however, they are usually broken up into smaller foraging groups of 3-4 individuals.
The little free-tailed bat is a species of the genus Chaerephon in the family Molossidae.
It is listed as "Least Concern" by the IUCN.
The Indian elephant is one of three recognized subspecies of the Asian elephant and native to mainland Asia.
This led to the recommendation of treating it as Vulnerable.
The genus apparently dispersed from Asia into North America about 20 Mya, becoming the earliest member of the subfamily Ursinae in the New World.
Found to have existed around 100,000 years ago, the camel was up to 3 metres tall at the shoulder, and 4 metres tall overall.
The greedy olalla rat is a species of rodent in the family Echimyidae.
It can be found in southern and eastern China, Vietnam, and Laos.
The other hoolock gibbon, the western hoolock, occurs farther to the west.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland and swamps.
They roost as large colonies in caves and forage in a range of lowland and montane habitats.
It now belongs to the monotypic genus Pagophilus.
Zenkerellinae gives rise to two genera of African rodents: Idiurus and Zenkerella.
The other, damaged, tooth is 9.8 mm high and has at least one deep cavity.
It was also introduced to Rota, Saipan, and to the United States.
Bears are classified as caniforms, or doglike carnivorans.
It is found in Ivory Coast, Liberia, and possibly Nigeria.
One of the few specimens ever seen alive was found in a burrow close to a termite nest.
The fossorial giant rat is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.
Hector's and Maui's are New Zealand's only endemic cetaceans.
Afrotragulus is an extinct genus of tragulid ruminant which existed in Kenya during the early Miocene period.
This list includes both domesticated species and the wildlife of China.
This species can be found in primary forest and logged-over forest.
Zodiolestes was most likely a predator of these fossorial beavers.
Australonycteris is an extinct and monotypic genus of microchiropteran bat with the single species Australonycteris clarkae.
Myotomys is a genus of African Karoo rats that inhabit the Karoo, a semi-desert region in the southern portion of the African continent.
It is the only species in the genus Limnogale.
In 2011, it was recorded for the first time in a protected area in southern Senegal.
They have bushy tails, and large paws with partially retractible claws.
The Muli pika is a species of mammal in the family Ochotonidae.
The black-striped squirrel is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae.
The Callosciurinae are an Asiatic subfamily of squirrels containing over 60 species, mostly found in South East Asia.
It is found in Benin, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Chad, Ivory Coast, Gambia, Ghana, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Mali, Nigeria, Senegal, South Sudan, and Togo.
In that case, this felid would be called "Panthera fossilis."
The Lord Howe long-eared bat is a species of vesper bat.
These two earlier species were larger and heavier than the Pleistocene species.
Other than being a large, early American Multituberculate,, the nature of this beast is somewhat unclear.
He found it common in the upland forest from 1000 to 1500m, but no specimens were taken above or below these elevations.
It is found in southern Brazil, Uruguay and northern Argentina, where it lives in freshwater and salt marshes, as well as open grassland of the pampas.
It is found from San Luis Potosi through Central America to west Panama.
On average the male weighs 90–110 kg and measures 0.9–1.7 m in shoulder height.
The most distinguishing feature of the white-ankled mouse, and the one most used to identify the species, is the baculum of males.
By 2012 the herd numbered 27,600 and declined to 14,200 animals in 2014.
Because of the lack of physical characteristics supporting this group, it is very possible that the subfamily as it is currently recognized is subject to enlargement.
It is found mostly in rainforests, where it is rarely seen, but it is not considered threatened.
Makapania broomi has been found at Sterkfontein Members 4 and 5, Swartkrans Members 1-3, Gladysvale, Motsetse and possibly Coopers.
M. m. tsuensis is found on Tsushima Island.
A gobiconodontid eutriconodont, it is notable for the remarkable degree of preservation, offering profound insights to the biology of non-therian mammals.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
The animal was especially respected in Mesoamerican cosmology as a symbol of military might.
In 2007, Colin Groves elevated them all to species level, splitting one into two species.
The spotted seal, also known as the larga seal or largha seal, is a member of the family Phocidae, and is considered a "true seal".
Hyosciurus is a genus of rodent in the family Sciuridae endemic to Sulawesi, Indonesia.
The Toltec fruit-eating bat is a species of bat in the family Phyllostomidae.
Genetically, North American grizzlies are closely related; in size and coloring, the California grizzly was much like the grizzly of the southern coast of Alaska.
The lesser mouse-eared bat is a species of bat in the family Vespertilionidae.
Exceptional fossils have has been found in the Messel Pit of Germany.
The Angolan African dormouse is a species of rodent in the family Gliridae.
Their ancestry is closely tied to the Eocene Asian group Eosimiidae.
Exilisciurus is a genus of rodent in the family Sciuridae native to Asia.
They are 48–62 mm in length, making them one of the smallest shrews in Egypt.
Parectypodus is a genus of extinct mammal that lived from the Paleocene to the Eocene of North America.
Emma’s uromys or Emma's giant rat is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
It is most commonly glossy black with a brownish tinge to its legs, sides, and "sideburns".
It is classified as critically endangered by the IUCN and is listed on CITES appendix II.
The Roosevelt elk, also known as Olympic elk, is the largest of the four surviving subspecies of elk in North America.
It lived from 29—21 mya, existing for approximately 8 million years.
The distribution of this latter species and G. punjabiensis indicates that the Himalayas still didn't act as a barrier for faunal dispersal during the middle Miocene.
It may have been the ancestor of Smilodon.
It was listed as a critically endangered species due to habitat loss and a restricted range.
Its karyotype has been reported to have 2n = 92, but this number apparently actually came from a specimen of Ichthyomys pittieri.
It is the world's smallest gliding mammal and is named for its long feather-shaped tail.
The Proserpine rock-wallaby is mostly grey in colour and is a timid grass-eater that rarely ventures far from rock shelter.
The Javan warty pig or Javan pig is a species of even-toed ungulate in the family Suidae.
It is found in Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru, but the Colombian segment may be a separate species.
The East Asian tailless leaf-nosed bat or tail-less leaf-nosed bat is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae.
It is native to the island of Sumatra, Indonesia.
There have been occasional reports of human-chimpanzee hybridization, notably regarding a performing chimp named Oliver during the 1970s, but none of them have been confirmed.
Aglaocetus is a genus of extinct mysticete known from the Miocene of Patagonia, the US Eastern Seaboard, and Belgium.
Sometimes they mingle with other primates such as capuchin and squirrel monkeys.
Palaeogiraffa is an extinct genus of giraffidae.
It is fossorial and lives in colonies.
The initial species description was based on a unique chromosome number called a karyotype.
Assigned to subfamily Nimravinae, Dinaelurus was endemic to North America during the Eocene-Oligocene epochs, existing for approximately 10.2 million years.
The genus name Callosciurus means beautiful squirrels.
Two specimens have been found from the Netherlands.
At one time, this species was considered to be a subspecies of the similar cinereus shrew, S. cinereus.
Its potential threats are primarily anthropogenic, and include habitat degradation and the disturbance of roosting sites.
Apidium fossils are common in the Fayoum deposits of Egypt.
The greater sac-winged bat is a bat of the family Emballonuridae native to Central and South America.
The species is native to the rainforests of New Guinea, and the border of central Irian Jaya in Indonesia.
The western black rhinoceros or West African black rhinoceros is a subspecies of the black rhinoceros, declared extinct by the IUCN in 2011.
The California mouse, Peromyscus californicus, which has similar distribution, is sometimes found living in woodrat dens.
The Darien pocket gopher is a species of rodent in the family Geomyidae.
It is physically very similar to the Senegal bushbaby, and was formerly considered to be its southern race.
The Slender Cuban nesophontes is an extinct species of soricomorph of the genus Nesophontes.
Floridachoerus olseni is an extinct peccary that lived during the Hemingfordian age of the Late Miocene, and was endemic to North America.
The authority for this species is Fatio in 1867, but it is commonly given as Flemming in 1828.
Legally however, endangered species legislation would likely not apply, but similar cases elsewhere have been covered under cultural heritage protection laws.
Every three years, on average, the female gives birth to a single young, after a seven-month gestation.
It was originally endemic to the Indonesian islands Java, Bawean, and Madura, but has recently been found extinct in Madura.
Muriquis are the largest New World monkeys and largest non-human native primates in the Americas.
The tammar wallaby, also known as the dama wallaby or darma wallaby, is a small macropod native to South and Western Australia.
They were considered vulnerable due to a significant decline in numbers as a result of loss of their prime feeding habitat and secluded camp sites.
Guimarotodon is an extinct mammal of the Upper Jurassic.
The genus was described in 2005 to encompass species of hippos that were previously grouped in Hexaprotodon.
However this recommendation was not prescriptive, and it remains to be seen to what extent it will be adopted.
Deltatheridiidae is an extinct family of basal carnivorous metatherians that lived in the Cretaceous and were closely related to marsupials.
They eat green vegetation such as grasses and sedges.
It is endemic to central Texas in the United States.
The crab-eating raccoon also appears to be more adapted to an arboreal lifestyle than the common raccoon, with sharper, narrower claws.
It is found in Democratic Republic of the Congo, Rwanda, and Uganda.
It is endemic to a restricted range in southern Peru.
East Asia, specifically Vietnam, is the largest market for rhino horns.
It is native to the grasslands and swamps of southern Africa where it is a common species.
Its members were probably insectivorous due to their simple molars and cusp arrangement.
They remain short-legged and have a relatively small, rounded, head.
It is found in West Papua and Papua New Guinea.
It is semiaquatic, living along streams in tropical cloud forest.
However, the determination of this fossil as Ferugliotherium is in question.
As it is considered as widely distributed and common, it is listed as Least Concern on the IUCN Red List.
It was 30% larger than the common vampire bat.
The tube-lipped nectar bat is a bat from Ecuador that was first described in 2005.
The northern gracile opossum is a species of opossum in the family Didelphidae.
The family has also thought to be ancestral to the Sirenia.
It has a brawny body, rounded head and blunted muzzle, short legs, and a relatively short tail.
Sclater's golden mole is a species of mammal in the family Chrysochloridae.
Rupp's mouse or Rupp's stenocephalemys is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
It is found in Namibia and South Africa.
Its natural habitats are dry savanna and moist savanna.
Pygmy blue whales are believed to be more numerous than the other subspecies, possibly making up half of all blue whales alive today.
The Ural field mouse is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
It is a semifossorial, highly active, and voracious insectivore and is present in a variety of habitats.
It lies within the suborder "Plagiaulacida" and family Pinheirodontidae.
Koalas are listed as Vulnerable by the International Union for Conservation of Nature.
It is found in Indonesia, Malaysia, and Singapore.
Herds are made up of adult females, kids, subadults, and young males.
Within six months the young are weaned, with full maturity coming at about two years of age.
The red-bellied dasyure or red-bellied marsupial shrew is a species of marsupial in the family Dasyuridae endemic to West Papua, Indonesia.
They sleep at night, but can also take a midday nap.
It had large eyes and ears with a brush-tipped tail.
This keeps in more water than if the air were exhaled at body temperature.
The coloration of the upperparts is sharply divided from that of the underparts, which is ochraceous.
The same dental morphology of Nuciruptor suggests that it fed on seeds like the living pithecines.
The most common fish consumed are perch, suckers, and catfish.
The Pitman's shrew is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.
The ash-grey mouse is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
As presently defined, the white-bellied spider monkey is monotypic.
In North America this animal was contemporary with Plionarctos.
They emit clicking sounds and listen for the return echos to determine the location and shape of nearby items, including potential prey.
Its diet includes: seeds, nuts, grains, roots, bulbs, plant stems, leaves, mice, insects and eggs.
Sagmatias is a genus that has been proposed for certain dolphin species that are currently placed in the genus Lagenorhynchus.
It had two tusks, and, in some fossils, one tusk was longer than the other.
Waterhouse's leaf-nosed bat is a species of big-eared bat in the family Phyllostomidae.
It inhabits the Middle Asian plains, approximately south of latitude of Ustyurt and the Aral Sea, as well as contiguous parts of Iran and Afghanistan.
It is currently referred to as "Ekbletomys hypenemus" in the absence of a formally available name.
Stenomylus was extremely diminutive compared to other ancient and modern camelids, standing only 2 feet tall on average.
In 2007, only 19–26 wild Amur leopards were estimated to survive.
Its forearm-like wings have single claws while its hind feet have five, and its torso is covered in a short hair layer.
The males weigh 140–210 kg and the females weigh 91–140 kg.
It is found in Guinea, Sierra Leone, and Liberia.
The taxonomic classification of the species has been subject to recent revision.
These young koalas, known as joeys, are fully weaned around a year old.
The species within this genus can only be reliably distinguished on the basis of karyotype, and not by external appearance.
The discovery came on Vitus Bering's Great Northern Expedition when the crew became shipwrecked on Bering Island.
The genus was first described by E. D. Cope in 1890.
Molecular sequence data indicates Tadarida is not a monophyletic taxon.
It was first described by Douglas Emlong in 1966 and currently contains known four species, A. cotylalveus, A. polydentatus, A. tomitai, and A. weltoni.
The tree bat is a species of bat in the family Phyllostomidae.
The name refers to the fact that it is a hornless variation of the Horned Dorset breed.
A ring of faintly darker fur surrounds each eye.
It is a bovid, and the smallest member of the Oryx genus, native to desert and steppe areas of the Arabian Peninsula.
Both N. childi and its synonym oconnelli were originally described as species of Oryzomys, Oryzomys childi and Oryzomys o'connelli.
The silvery lutung, also known as the silvered leaf monkey or the silvery langur, is an Old World monkey.
Especially, golden-tipped bat is scattered along the eastern part of Australia.
It is found in Burundi, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Gabon, Nigeria, and Uganda.
However, their ecology and population dynamics are not well understood.
Due to its fast metabolism, it needs to eat constantly.
They are found close to shore along the coast of West Africa and right along the coast of the Indian Ocean from South Africa to Australia.
The Pel's pouched bat is a species of sac-winged bat in the family Emballonuridae.
It includes the tribes Marmotini, Xerini, and Protoxerini.
The white-bellied big-eared bat is a bat species from South and Central America.
It ate leaves and was characterized by unusually long legs.
The species lives in areas with sandy soil.
Nycteris vinsoni was once considered a synonym of N. macrotis, but it became recognized as a separate species in 2004.
The three accepted subspecies of this lutung are:
The Lama dwarf hamster is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.
It is nocturnal and lives in trees, feeding on fruit and young shoots.
It has been suggested by R. F. Ewer, The Carnivores(1973) that Lycyaena may be a possible ancestor to today's Aardwolf.
These animals are found in wet northern forests, bogs, tundra, and meadows in Canada, Alaska, northern Washington, and New England.
The opossum constructs nests in tree cavities, and its litter size ranges from one to seven.
It is found only in Papua New Guinea.
The type species fossils were originally found in the Bullock Creek area.
It is found only on Mount Kinabalu, Malaysia, and has been recorded at altitudes of between 1,524 and 3,810 m.
Owston's palm civet is a civet native to Vietnam, Laos and southern China.
Nevertheless, it is found nowhere else and is therefore endemic to Crete.
The southern short-tailed shrew is a gray, short-tailed shrew that inhabits the eastern United States.
Species of Enhydrocyon were large, powerfully built carnivores with a short snout and deep jaws reminiscent of a jaguar.
It is found in Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and Venezuela.
Goniodelphis hudsoni is an extinct iniid river dolphin known from the waters of Florida during the Miocene ~14.9—11.5 through 9.1—8.7 Ma.
Andrewsiphius is an extinct remingtonocetid early whale known from the Eocene of Gujarat and Kutch, India and Balochistan, Pakistan.
It is known as ශ්‍රී ලංකා කදු හික් මීයා in Sinhala.
Nanger is a genus of antelopes, commonly called gazelles.
Although it is threatened by habitat loss, it is protected by Alto Ribeira Tourist State Park.
Unlike wolves, which have undergone an improvement of their public image, attitudes towards the coyote remain largely negative.
Eversmann's hamster is a species of hamster in the family Cricetidae, and is one of two members of the genus Allocricetulus.
As an example, the members of the ashy-gray bat were formerly classified as Scully's tube-nosed bat.
The red-fronted gazelle was formerly considered a member of the genus Gazella within the subgenus Eudorcas before Eudorcas was elevated to generic status.
Chalicotheres are related to the extinct brontotheres, as well as to modern day horses, rhinoceroses, and tapirs.
It is greyish/brown with a chestnut belly and a black and white stripe between the two.
The carapace is pale yellow to reddish brown, marked by scales of equal length, and scantily covered by buff to white bristle-like hairs.
The bank vole lives in woodland, hedgerows and other dense vegetation such as bracken and bramble.
This type of squirrel nests in oak trees using leaves and Spanish moss.
It has reddish-brown fur, a long, shaggy tail, and a waddling gait due to its shorter front legs; it is slightly larger than a domestic cat.
Unlike M. nattereri, which lives in small groups in tree holes, M. escalerai forms large colonies in caves.
The Haitian nesophontes is an extinct species of mammal in the family Nesophontidae.
The Eurasian pygmy shrew, often known simply as the pygmy shrew, is a widespread shrew of northern Eurasia.
The research team therefore believes that H. naledi is not a direct ancestor of modern humans, although it is probably an offshoot within the genus Homo.
The Beelzebub bat is one of 126 new species found in the Greater Mekong region during 2011.
It is found only in Mexico, and is not considered endangered.
Dian's tarsier, also known as the Diana tarsier, is a nocturnal primate endemic to central Sulawesi, Indonesia.
It is found in West Papua and Papua New Guinea.
G. suessi has an estimated mean body weight of 48 kg, similar to that observed in the common chimpanzee.
A common synonym is genus Strepsiceros, which refers to the same set of African antelopes.
It is found in El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Mexico, Nicaragua, and the United States.
The kiang is the largest of the wild asses.
Cases of allomothering are documented, which means members of the troop other than the infant's biological mother care for it.
The Manipur white-toothed rat is found in northeastern India, northern and central Myanmar, and Yunnan province of China.
They are mostly social animals, living together in family units or small groups and behaving cooperatively.
Together with the three other species of indigenous Malagasy carnivorans, including the fossa, they are currently classified in the family Eupleridae within the suborder Feliformia.
The "red" in its common name comes from the rusty color of the back of its summer coat.
Males carry this colouring through their lifespan and have the distinguishing golden cheeks.
Theropithecus is derived from the Greek root words for "beast-ape."
In contrast, the grey-shanked douc is less vibrant, with speckled grey legs and orange markings on the face.
Several subspecies have been proposed based on variation in colourisation; however, colour is an unreliable distinguishing character.
Later, its scope was restricted, most definitively in a detailed study in 1998 by Guy Musser and coworkers, who also reinstated the older name Mus megacephalus.
The IUCN reports that the number of Chinese pangolins has declined greatly over the past 15 years.
The Incan Hocicudo is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.
It is found in subtropical or tropical dry forests, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, and moist savanna.
It is sometimes known as the steinbuck or steinbok.
The Natal free-tailed bat is a species of bat in the family Molossidae, the free-tailed bats.
Commissaris's long-tongued bat is a bat species from South and Central America.
The West African wild dog is a subspecies of African wild dog native to West Africa.
The dorsal surface, flanks, limbs and tail of the animal are usually some shade of brown while the underparts are white.
In 2015, the discovery of fossils of "seven new species of giant rat", including the "largest rat ever" on the island of East Timor was announced.
It has a distinctive dark stripe down its back on and otherwise grey body.
Adult females are 75 to 95 cm long and weigh 2 to 2.5 kg.
The Bornean mountain ground squirrel, found in Indonesia and Malaysia, is named after British colonial administrator and zoological collector Alfred Hart Everett.
Blarinella is a small genus of shrews in the subfamily Soricinae of the family Soricidae.
It nests in trees but does not hibernate.
Drescheratherium is an extinct genus of mammal from the Late Jurassic Camadas de Guimarota of Leiria, Portugal.
The Uluguru bushbaby, also known as the Mountain Dwarf Galago or the Amani Dwarf Galago, is a species of primate in the family Galagidae.
It is found in Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia, and Somalia.
They were reintroduced with success in the Pyrenees in 1948, where the alpine marmot had disappeared at end of the Pleistocene epoch.
The Drab Atlantic tree-rat, Phyllomys dasythrix, is a spiny rat species from South America.
The Silver-backed Chevrotain is among the 25 “most wanted lost” species that are the focus of Global Wildlife Conservation’s “Search for Lost Species” initiative.
The South American gray fox, Lycalopex griseus, is the most common species, and is known for its large ears and a highly marketable, russet-fringed pelt.
This species was first described from subfossil fragments in 1981 and a living specimen was reported from the montane forest of western Flores in 1991.
Little is known of their breeding habits.
The specific name commemorates the French naturalist Alfred Duvaucel.
It has been suggested that this species be placed in the genera Canis and Pseudalopex.
The term Phascogale was coined in 1824 by Coenraad Jacob Temminck in reference to the brush-tailed phascogale, and means "pouched weasel".
It is monotypic within the genus Scaptochirus.
Euowenia is an extinct genus of Diprotodontia which existed from the Pliocene to the upper Pleistocene.
The cave hyena was a highly specialised animal, with its progressive and regressive features being more developed than in its modern African relative.
It was originally considered a subspecies of Pteropus temminckii before being reassessed in 2001.
It is found in dense woodland in Japan, primarily in northern and central Honshu.
Like other jaguars, its population faces a decline.
The extinct Ornithorhynchus maximus was once included in Ornithorhynchus, but has now been determined to be from the echidna family as Zaglossus robustus.
It is a common squirrel and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has rated it a "least-concern species".
The Nyiro shrew is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.
Certain characteristics that the big-eared hopping possessed such as its size, location and niche might have influenced its ultimate extinction.
It is found in Australia, Indonesia, the Philippines, and Vanuatu.
It is an herbivore of grasslands in northern Argentina, southern Brazil, and Uruguay.
Twelve species belong to the monophyletic group of Vulpes genus of "true foxes".
The Kluchor birch mouse is a species of rodent in the family Dipodidae.
The Burmese whiskered bat is a species of vesper bat.
Matching the habits of other palm civets, this species is solitary, arboreal and nocturnal.
The oldest known North American specimen, Barbouromeryx, was discovered in Scotts Bluff, Nebraska, and estimated at 23.03 million years old.
The yellow-backed duiker is a forest dwelling antelope in the order Artiodactyla from the family Bovidae.
Unlike its European counterpart, the Southern white-breasted hedgehog never digs dens.
They are very social animals and live with other llamas as a herd.
The Manu short-tailed bat is a bat species found in Peru and Bolivia.
The Mexican ground squirrel lives in flat, brushy or grassy areas and usually prefers areas with gravelly or sandy soil or areas with that have mesquite
The genus is considered an example of phyletic dwarfism with adults estimated at being on average 20kg in weight.
Like other reindeer, both the males and females have antlers.
Goodfellow's tuco-tuco is a species of rodent in the family Ctenomyidae.
It is found in Argentina and Brazil.
It lives in dens and inhabits both forests and steppes.
I. tarsalis is a docile, herbivorous animal that lives in trees.
The species is nocturnal and arboreal and lives in subtropical or tropical lowland rainforest.
The lesser Egyptian jerboa الجربوع is a small rodent of Africa and the Middle East.
They typically inhabit savanna and grassland, although they may take to bush and forest.
They were confirmed as a new species both from their unique appearance, and from karyotypic analysis.
The rat is found in the Mekongga Mountains of southeastern Sulawesi.
Plesiorycteropus, also known as the bibymalagasy or Malagasy aardvark, is a recently extinct eutherian mammalian genus from Madagascar.
However, fossils found in Argentina, Brazil and Uruguay show that one member of the group, Neolicaphrium recens survived into the Lujanian.
The Cariri climbing mouse, Rhipidomys cariri, is a partly arboreal rodent species from South America.
The fishing cat is a medium-sized wild cat of South and Southeast Asia.
Tupaia is a treeshrew genus in the family Tupaiidae that was first described by Thomas Stamford Raffles in 1821.
Females are pregnant for about ten months.
They typically live in largely forested areas, but do leave forests in search of food.
It is found on the Balkan Peninsula, Ukraine, Romania, southern Russia and one isolated location in Hungary in the Borsodi Mezőség Protected Landscape Area.
The subspecies R. m. dandolena is also found in India.
Its legs, which often have black markings, are unusually long.
New canidae from the Miocene of Colorado.
Wallace's dasyure is a member of the order Dasyuromorphia.
It lives in various forest habitats at elevations of 2,000–2,800 m above sea level.
It is still unclear to which species this group is related.
The Kondana soft-furred rat , also known as the Kondana rat or large metad, is a critically endangered species of rodent in the family Muridae.
Plesiocetus is a genus of extinct balaenopterid from the Pliocene of Belgium.
The whiskered flying squirrel is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae.
The family was named by the paleontologist Edward Drinker Cope in 1889.
The meat, blubber and baleen of whales have traditionally been used by indigenous peoples of the Arctic.
The western dwarf squirrel is a small tree squirrel in the genus Microsciurus and tribe Sciurini found in Colombia, Ecuador, and Panama.
It had long limbs, hands, and feet, and may have been able to brachiate, swinging between trees using its arms.
The northern muriqui is an endangered muriqui species endemic to Brazil.
The principal threats to the species are poaching and habitat loss resulting from human settlement.
Emin's rats tend to weigh less and be slightly smaller than the Gambian rat.
The upperparts are brown, darkest in the middle of the back, and the underparts are white to yellowish.
Ovine meat is called lamb when from younger animals and mutton when from older ones.
Zapus are the only extant mammals with a total of 18 teeth.
To enhance this type of communication, a males spray their own forelegs, chest, and face with urine, and females soak their tail when urinating.
It is endemic to Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The hominin remains are believed to be a human ancestor species and possibly the direct ancestor to the human genus, Homo.
Hexameryx was a six-horned pronghorn that had well-forked horns.
Similar to other capuchin monkeys, the diet of wedge-capped capuchin primarily consists of fruits, invertebrates, other plant parts, and on rare occasions small vertebrates.
The greater bulldog bat trawls the water with its long, curved talons approximately 2–3 cm below the surface.
Their body length is 15 cm, and tail length is 9 cm.
The Turkestan rat is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
It is found in forests, plantations and gardens in Peninsular Malaysia, Thailand, southern Myanmar, southern China and possibly western Laos.
Specimens have been collected in habitats ranging from dry to tropical rain forest at elevations ranging from 30 to 2,660 m.
It is found only in Papua New Guinea.
Moths seem to be the mainstay of their diet, although few data have been collected.
The olive colobus is classified as near threatened by the IUCN Red List, the cause of its decline attributed to habitat loss and hunting.
It is a very small family, consisting of a single genus with five species.
The Libyan jird is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
The genus Plagiolophus is documented, almost solely in Western Europe, from the middle Eocene up to the mid Oligocene.
It tends to remain solitary, but pairs can also be observed.
S. populator from South America is perhaps the largest known felid at 220 to 400 kg in weight and 120 cm in height.
The Gansu hamster is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae, endemic to China.
Fossil remains of the species Plagiaulax becklesii are known from Durlston Bay in Dorset, England.
It is endemic to the island of Borneo and found in Brunei, Indonesia, and Malaysia.
The long spiral structured horns were vaguely lyre-shaped, and were found only in males.
Brachipposideros is an extinct genus of leaf-nosed bats known from Riversleigh, north-western Queensland, Australia and the Languedoc-Roussillon Region, France.
At least nine known species of Platygonus are known and ranged from southern Canada to Mexico and from California to Pennsylvania.
Ctenodactylus is a genus of rodent in the family Ctenodactylidae.
This species is represented by a tooth in the collection of the museum in Galve.
It is found in Angola, Burundi, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Republic of Congo, Democratic Republic of Congo, Kenya, Nigeria, Rwanda, Sudan, Tanzania, Uganda, and Zambia.
The genus occurs as far south as northern Peru and as far east as western Venezuela in South America.
The species was first described in 1891 by Joel Asaph Allen and thereafter a variety of names, now considered synonyms, were applied to local populations.
The Asian Elephant is the closest living relative of P. recki.
The bontebok is an antelope found in South Africa, Lesotho and Namibia.
Carodnia is an extinct genus of South American ungulate known from the Paleocene of Brazil and Argentina, and the Eocene of Peru.
It is found in Indonesia and Malaysia.
The head, neck and foreparts are grey, the back is dark brown and the rump is reddish.
Some experts prefer to lump Sinotherium, and Iranotherium into Elasmotherium.
It is also referred to as coro-coro, Toró, Rato-do-Bambú, or Rata del Bambú in different parts of its range.
Like other species of chamois, it was hunted almost to extinction, especially in the 1940s, for the production of chamois leather.
Yarala is a genus of fossil mammals that resemble contemporary bandicoots.
In 2010, the western purple-faced langur was included in the list of The World's 25 Most Endangered Primates, published by the IUCN and other organizations.
Remy's pygmy shrew is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.
It could well be that one-time Cimolodon fossils have subsequently also been referred to Cimolomys as well.
Voalavo gymnocaudus is a small, mouse-like rodent with soft, gray fur which is only slightly darker above than below.
It was formerly considered a subspecies of Edwards's long-tailed giant rat, and it has one synonym: Leopoldamys setiger.
An adult Asian parti-colored bat has a body length of 6-7 cm, a tail of 4.3-4.5 cm, and a wing length of 5 cm.
A single specimen was discovered in 1975 by Dioscoro S. Rabor and his team during a scientific survey in Dinagat.
This gives it a high degree of manual dexterity so that it can use its paws to feed on molluscs, crabs and other small aquatic animals.
Big-headed mole-rats are highly distinctive in their large size, especially that of their heads.
Historically, it had a wider range as fossil specimens have been collected on the island of New Providence, Bahamas.
In 2013, coyotes were sighted in eastern Panama for the first time.
They have black faces with distinctive white markings, grey bodies with a light-coloured stripe from head to tail, and dark legs with light-coloured underbellies.
This potential is, however, limited by the total absence of rodents in the late Miocene Alcoota and Ongeva Local Faunas of the Northern Territory.
It is known from cave deposits in the Cape Range, Western Australia.
Robert's Hocicudo, Oxymycterus roberti, is a rodent species from South America.
Thylamys cinderella has well-developed postorbital ridges in both juveniles and adults that extend laterally behind the eye sockets.
It is known only from northeastern Argentina.
Ghost bats have large ears for long distance hearing, and very sharp teeth so they can attack prey.
A nearly complete skull was found at Mauer, near Heidelberg.
Pantolambda is an extinct genus of Paleocene pantodont mammal.
The black giant squirrel or Malayan giant squirrel is a large tree squirrel in the genus Ratufa native to the Indomalayan zootope.
The mesquite mouse is a species of rodents in the family Cricetidae found in Mexico and in Arizona in the United States.
At one time, it was considered to be a subspecies of the Arctic lemming.
Before European settlement of Australia, about 65 species of macropods existed.
The large size of the canine tooth in Ganlea gives it the specific name "megacanina".
Another giant rat of the Canary Islands was the Tenerife giant rat, Canariomys bravoi.
It contains three genera and 14 species.
Van Gelder dubbed the bat "dubiaquercus" in honor of the collectors: dubia means "doubt" in Latin, as zweifel does in German; quercus is Latin for "oak".
Within the family Cricetidae and subfamily Sigmodontinae, it is a member of a group of specialized oryzomyine rodents that also includes Holochilus, Noronhomys, Carletonomys, and Pseudoryzomys.
One individual of S. hanjiangensis was a 30 year-old 2.07 metres tall and weighed 2.1 tonnes.
It is the only member of the family Rhizospalacidae.
The flat-faced fruit-eating bat is a South American species of bat in the family Phyllostomidae.
Cattle are eaten almost everywhere except in parts of India and Nepal where they are considered sacred by most Hindus.
The Sardinian shrew is an extinct species of shrew from Europe.
The Monte gerbil mouse or Monte laucha is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.
The Mogollon mountain wolf is an extinct subspecies of gray wolf whose range once included southern and western Texas and northeastern Mexico.
Müller's Bornean gibbon is endemic to the island of Borneo, inhabiting the northern and eastern part of the island.
The Ethiopian highland hare is a species of mammal in the family Leporidae.
They belong to the family Thyropteridae which are a small group of disk-winged bats.
Eolagurus is a genus of rodent in the family Cricetidae.
There are 22 living species on the island of Madagascar and one extinct species known from a fossil.
Abdounodus is an extinct genus of mammal known from the middle Paleocene of northern Africa.
Often, the sympatric overlap in characteristics between these species makes it difficult to identify a specific species.
In some parts of its range, it is overhunted.
It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Paraguay and Uruguay.
In most of its range, it is a keystone species, controlling sea urchin populations which would otherwise inflict extensive damage to kelp forest ecosystems.
Male Neanderthals had cranial capacities averaging 1,600 cm3, females 1,300 cm3, extending to 1,736 cm3 in Amud 1.
It mainly feeds on fruit, but sometimes eats insects and leaves.
The Pallas's tube-nosed bat, Torresian tube-nosed bat or northern tube-nosed bat, is a species of megabat in the Nyctimene genus found in Indonesia.
It is native to Thailand, Malaysia and Indonesia.
The group inhabited North America from the Early Eocene subepoch to the Early Miocene subepoch 42—16.3 million years ago, existing for about 25.7 million years.
They are extremely diverse in appearance and ecology, ranging in from the tiny Baiomys to the large Kunsia.
The Veracruz shrew is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.
Recent efforts to locate surviving populations have been unsuccessful.
Its distribution is restricted to the Cederberg in western South Africa, and it is associated with rocky habitats, as well as trees and outbuildings.
Ansorge, who collected the first formally described specimen.
Borophagini is a clade or tribe of the subfamily Borophaginae.
Docodon was an omnivorous mammal from Late Jurassic of western North America.
Phlaocyon minor is an extinct species of canid mammal known from the Miocene-Oligocene of the United States
It was first scientifically described by Carl Linnaeus in 1758.
It is endemic to north-central and west-central Mexico.
Cervalces scotti, the stag-moose, lived in Pleistocene North America.
The Selangor pygmy flying squirrel is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae.
Coastal residential and commercial development and roadway construction have fragmented and destroyed habitat used by this species.
The southern ningaui, also known as the mallee ningaui, is a tiny species of marsupial carnivore and a member of the family Dasyuridae.
It is found in southern South America, occurring in southern Brazil, Paraguay, Uruguay, and northeastern Argentina.
It is found in Papua New Guinea and the Solomon Islands.
It is nocturnal and semiareboreal, and lives in dense secondary forest and forest edge habitats.
This insectivorous microbat, measuring 12 cm in length, roosts in tree hollows during the day and forages over woodland and water at night.
It is found in China, Laos, Thailand, and Vietnam.
It is a burrowing rodent and is endemic to the Tucumán Province of Argentina.
Graells's tamarin, Saguinus graellsi, is a species of tamarin from the northwestern Amazon in southeastern Colombia, eastern Ecuador and northeastern Peru.
It is found in Cameroon, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ghana, Guinea-Bissau, Liberia, Nigeria, Sierra Leone, Tanzania, and Uganda.
The young are born with closed eyes and are hairless.
As with all other members of Basilosauridae, it was a hypercarnivorous predator.
Cheng's jird is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
Africanictis is shown to have an omnivorous diet or more precisely, hypercarnivorous to mesocarnivorous.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
There are two living species of Panina and two living species of gorillas, but only one extant human species.
The Rocky Mountain elk is a subspecies of elk found in the Rocky Mountains and adjacent ranges of Western North America.
It is broadly distributed and common, living throughout many parts of Africa in forests and savannas.
Its range is patchy, having been eradicated in Uganda and much of Kenya.
Originally, Dr. Cucchi wanted to call it Mus aphrodite, as Cyprus is the birthplace of Aphrodite according to Greek mythology.
It is commonly found in Papua New Guinea and Australia.
The horns, present only on males, are lyre-shaped.
The common mole-rat, African mole-rat, or Hottentot mole-rat, is a burrowing rodent found in Southern Africa, in particular in the Western Cape province of South Africa.
Currently, five species are recognised in this genus:
Some species may have been able to reach above their head and grasp branches with their semiopposable hands to assist in procuring leaves from trees.
Among pinnipeds, it is inferior in size only to the walrus and the two elephant seals.
Porpoises are sometimes kept in captivity and trained to perform tricks, but breeding success has been poor.
Procynodictis is an extinct genus of Miacidae.
It is different from the Tian Shan Wapiti in being smaller and paler in color.
The lifespan of a mountain nyala is around 15 to 20 years.
Some sources include the tree voles, genus Arborimus, in this genus.
Their calls serve to locate family members and ward off other gibbons from their territory.
The Pyrenean chamois, Rupicapra pyrenaica, is a goat antelope that lives in the Pyrenees, Cantabrian Mountains and Apennine Mountains.
It is endemic to Mexico, where it is known only from San Esteban Island in the northern Gulf of California.
The animals measured about 1.5 m in height and had large ossicones resembling antlers.
Also like other shrew species, Baird's shrew feeds on insects, worms, snails, and spiders.
The Basilan flying squirrel is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae.
Due to its imperiled status, it is identified by the Alliance for Zero Extinction as a species in danger of imminent extinction.
It is the smallest of all fruit bats.
It is closer to L. cyclotis than L. cyclotis is to the African bush elephant, L. africana, thus invalidating the genus Loxodonta as currently recognized.
The pigment is known to wash off in the rain and fade away after death, causing some possible confusion with other rock-wallaby species.
Grazing is a large issue because the cattle eat the grasses that they feed on and cattle ranchers will clear the mesquite they are associated with.
However, because this was based on the examination of very few specimens, the authors’ conclusions are very concerning."
Its karyotype has 2n = 60 and FNa = 76.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and caves.
S. gracilis was the smallest species at 55 to 100 kg in weight.
Melanomys is a genus of rodent in the tribe Oryzomyini of family Cricetidae, which is distributed in northern South America and adjacent Central America.
Monticolomys is a genus of rodents within the subfamily Nesomyinae of the family Nesomyidae, and is closely related to Macrotarsomys.
Molecular studies have put this divergence time at around 25 million years.
Pleistocene fossil deposits in limestone caves at Naracoorte, South Australia include specimens of S. laniarius, which were around 15% larger and 50% heavier than modern devils.
This implies that the genus Brachyhyops most likely originated in southern Asia, migrated north and eventually dispersed into western North America.
Microcosmodontidae is a poorly preserved family of fossil mammals within the extinct order Multituberculata.
The big-eared mastiff bat is a species of bat in the family Molossidae endemic to Papua New Guinea, known from Gulf Province and Oro Province.
Mothers of some species fast and nurse their young for a relatively long period of time.
A shy animal, it prefers water holes rather than open spaces.
Its body length is 50-100mm and its tail length is 65-132mm.
Two archaic whales formed the sister group of the hippopotamid-anthracotheriid clade, but this relationship was weakly supported.
Entelodon, is an extinct genus of entelodont artiodactyl endemic to Eurasia.
Osgood's mouse is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.
These rodents are the most docile species of the Gerbil subfamily.
Hystrix paukensis is an extinct Old World porcupine which existed during the late Miocene-early Pliocene in what is now Myanmar.
This possum also consumes a special type of faeces that is produced during the daytime when it is resting in a nest.
It contains three species: L. lufengensis, L. hudienensis and L. keiyuanensis.
It can be found in Afghanistan, Iran, Kazakhstan, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan.
There are four complementarily distributed species of pebble-mound mice in northern Australia.
Nyctereutes donnezani is an extinct relative of the raccoon dog.
It is about fifteen inches in length and the males are larger than the females.
Its earliest fossil evidence dates to 1.9 million years ago and extends to 143,000 years ago.
Reported sightings in Vietnam in 1984 are considered to be dubious.
Eligmodontia typus is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.
Pattonomys is a genus of rodent in the family Echimyidae, named after American mammalogist James L. Patton.
They browse on grass, lichens and buds of trees.
The river otter is protected and insulated by a thick, water-repellent coat of fur.
Its type locality was in Indonesia, Molucca Islands and Ternate.
It had slender legs, didactylous feet, and small canine teeth.
Blind mole rats are in the family Spalacidae, but are unique enough to be given a separate subfamily, Spalacinae.
The species Bolodon elongatus is very possibly not part of the genus: "?new genus to be erected for Bolodon elongatus,".
They also large ears and a long tail with a brush of white hair at the tip.
Arsinoitherium is an extinct genus of paenungulate mammal belonging to the extinct order Embrithopoda.
Procervulus is an extinct species of deer found in Europe.
With leaves less available, the monkey's diet consists largely of cultivated fruit taken from people's gardens.
The white-tailed mountain vole is a species of vole in the family Cricetidae.
The Chinese goral, Naemorhedus griseus, is distributed through Burma, China, India, Thailand, Vietnam, and possibly Laos.
Mus pahari – Gairdner's shrewmouse, Indochinese shrewlike mouse, Sikkim mouse
Efforts to develop a leopard conservation program in the mid-1990s were shelved when wildlife researchers concluded that there was little prospect for the population's long-term survival.
The Arabian shrew is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.
Best compared 19 morphological measurements from specimens from 34 populations across the species range, and concluded that the species is monotypic.
Highly distinctive, the male lion is easily recognised by its mane, and its face is one of the most widely recognised animal symbols in human culture.
This subspecies represents the zebra form of the Serengeti-Mara ecosystem.
The common name is a reference to the city of Vipos in the area.
The New Guinean jumping mouse is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
The Minahassa pipistrelle is a species of vesper bat.
The very first documented Pacific shrew to be caught was found at the mouth of the Umpqua River in 1858.
Specimens of Amphitragulus, the earliest known genus, have been found in Aragon, Ronheim, Sardinia, France, and Kazakhstan and range from 55.8 to 15.97 million years old.
The heart-nosed bat is a species of bat in the family Megadermatidae.
Mirzamys is a genus of rodent in the family Muridae endemic to New Guinea.
This adaptation allowed it to predate and scavenge on Pleistocene megafauna.
It is found only in South Africa.
The species status has been confirmed with other chromosomal studies and morphometric studies.
It might be possibly extinct as Tsushima is badly deforested and surveys to rediscover this species failed.
In African mythology, just like other antelopes, they symbolize vivacity, velocity, beauty and visual sharpness.
Depending on the region of origin, it was also called Hyrcanian tiger, Turanian tiger, Persian tiger, and Babre Mazandaran.
The rock-loving mouse, also known as the brown spiny mouse, is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
The Kilimanjaro shrew is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.
A small horn atop Adinotherium's skull may have played a role in the mating season.
The last specimen was reportedly killed in 1911.
Its body mass was estimated around 1300 grams.
It is distributed across Northeastern Asia, including the Russian Far East, northern China, the Korean Peninsula, Sakhalin, and Hokkaidō.
It is native to parts of tropical West and Central Africa.
It is found in Ecuador and Peru.
Little else is known about the vole.
The gnome fruit-eating bat is a bat species from South America.
It is found in the forests of Central Sulawesi where there are two separate populations.
Their closest relatives are the other odd-toed ungulates, including horses and rhinoceroses.
Its natural habitats are rocky areas and sandy shores.
Younger specimens may have some black hairs interspersed in the fur of the upperparts.
In 2007, there were an estimated population of 1,800 individuals.
Fossil remains are present in Eastern Africa including Kenya and Uganda.
In 1994, western red colobus monkeys infected many chimpanzees with Ebola virus when they were hunted and eaten by the chimpanzees.
The mountain treeshrew is a treeshrew species within the Tupaiidae.
Ogilby's duikers weigh up to 20 kg and have a shoulder height of up to 56 cm.
Slender with thin legs and a short tail, the four-horned antelope has a yellowish brown to reddish coat.
Although much smaller than its close relative, the marsupial lion, Wakaleo would have been a successful hunter in its time.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
Spermophilus brevicauda is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae.
Attwater's pocket gopher is a species of rodent in the family Geomyidae.
The lesser gerbil,Gerbillus gerbillus, is distributed mainly in Morocco, Northern Nigeria to Jordan and Kenya.
The name is also applied in parts of Indonesia to the Sunda slow loris, where people do not distinguish this from the "kuskus" possums.
The olive colobus monkey, also known as the green colobus or Van Beneden's colobus, is a species of primate in the family Cercopithecidae.
Members of the genus tend to be nocturnal and live along fast-flowing streams, where they feed on freshwater invertebrates such as crabs.
Little is known of its behavior; it appears to be terrestrial, nocturnal and omnivorous.
As of 2014, the Eastern North Pacific blue whale population had rebounded to nearly its pre-hunting population.
The bat has the longest tongue relative to its body size of any mammal.
The ringtail is sometimes called a cacomistle, though this term seems to be more often used to refer to Bassariscus sumichrasti.
Its karyotype has 2n = 14 and FN = 24.
The gold-and-white marmoset is a marmoset species endemic to Brazil.
It is found in parts of western Brazil, southeastern Peru and possibly northern Bolivia.
Ectomycorrhizal fungal sporocarps are the staple diet of the northern bettong.
The lower part of the nose is black and hairless, while the tip and upper part of the nose have very short hair.
They belong to the Old World moles and relatives branch of the mole family.
Its feet are reflective of their arboreal lifestyle, well-adapted for gripping branches, with four long-clawed toes on each.
Siberian bears tend to be much bolder toward humans than their shyer, more persecuted European counterparts.
Zarudny's rock shrew is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.
Miacids are thought to have evolved into the modern carnivorous mammals of the order Carnivora.
Its body length ranges from 46 to 68 cm, with a generally rounded body shape to minimize the escape of body heat.
The thylacine has been described as a formidable predator because of its ability to survive and hunt prey in extremely sparsely populated areas.
Its diet varies markedly with the seasons, but it is primarily an herbivore with lichens being its main food source.
Mesodmops is a genus of small mammal from the Eocene of China.
It is assumed that the Thai horseshoe bat is associated with limestone caves in evergreen forests like other species in its genus.
The Orkney vole occurs on five islands:
By the late Oligocene, they had divided into two groups: one that grazed in open areas and another that was more adapted to woodlands.
This species of armadillo is a preferred research animal due to its adaptability to laboratory settings, and relative hardiness in situations of stress.
At one time all capuchin monkeys were included within the genus Cebus.
Despite these protections, as well as its presence in several protected areas, poaching continues; the wildlife protection laws are rarely enforced at the local level.
The mantled mastiff bat is a species of bat in the family Molossidae endemic to Papua New Guinea.
It is found in Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan and Uzbekistan.
Their tails have been flattened into flukes to aid propulsion.
It lives in open country, from semi-desert scrubland to grasslands in Angola, Botswana, South Africa, Namibia, and Zimbabwe.
Zebras are several species of African equids united by their distinctive black and white striped coats.
Because of its unique habitat, there are no ectoparasites on sucker-footed bats because the surface of the leaves are too smooth for arthropods.
The silver-headed antechinus is a species of dasyurid marsupial of the genus Antechinus.
It was a relatively early member of the also extinct order Multituberculata, suborder Plagiaulacida, family Paulchoffatiidae.
It is named after the German naturalist Eduard Rüppell.
The desman, a snouted and naked-tailed diving insectivore of the tribe Desmanini, belongs to one of two Eurasian species of the mole family, Talpidae.
A formerly recognized subspecies of this monkey, P. p. chrysocephala, was elevated to full species status as P. chrysocephala in 2014.
The Kangaroo Island dunnart is a dark sooty-grey coloured dunnart species first described in 1969, with paler underparts of its body.
Anthracobunidae is an extinct family of stem perissodactyls that lived in the early to middle Eocene period.
The dryopithecines consists of a tribe of Eurasian apes that are believed to be close to the ancestry of gorillas, chimpanzees and humans.
suggested that Ceprano is most likely 450,000 years old - the mid of the Middle Pleistocene.
As the name suggests, there is very little known information about this bat.
The species was first described by Robert P. Anderson of the University of Kansas and Charles O. Handley Jr., of the Smithsonian Institution in 2001.
It is otherwise like the mainland drill.
The tail projects only a short distance beyond the membrane that stretches between the hind legs.
This is an effect of scarce food distribution.
This species is known from the eastern half of Java and on Madura Island.
The stink badgers are smaller still, and the ferret badgers are the smallest of all.
The fur is very long, dense, fluffy and soft, and is usually light and grey in colour.
Tranatocetus is an extinct genus of mysticete from the late Miocene of Jutland, Denmark.
It is rated "Least Concern" by the IUCN Red List.
One genus, Ochotona, is recognised within the family, and it includes 30 species.
Females have two or three litters of four to eight young in a year.
The species was similar to but larger than the extant North American beaver, C. canadensis.
The Karoo rat uses behavioral adaptations to cope with the dry arid climate.
These mole-rats have evolved defenses other than flight, though, being very cautious and having incisors large enough to severely injure potential predators.
Many Anapithecus fossils come from the site of Rudabánya, in northern Hungary, where Anapithecus lived alongside the ape Rudapithecus'.
Its fossils have been recovered from the Nacimiento Formation, San Juan Basin, New Mexico.
The Ruwenzori otter shrew is a species of semiaquatic mammal in the family Tenrecidae.
Its grayish coat mostly consists of dense underfur which insulates it against cold weather.
Despite its outward similarity to muskrats, the Russian desman is actually part of the mole family Talpidae in the order Soricomorpha.
The fossil fragments found for B. fayumensis, new species, include a composite of isolated P2, P3, P4, M1, and M2.
Speke's gazelle is named after John Hanning Speke, an English explorer of Central Africa.
The lesser kudu inhabits dry, flat, and heavily forested regions.
Herpetotherium is an extinct genus of metatherian mammal.
wallabies: head and body length of 45–105 cm and tail length of 33–75 cm; The dwarf wallaby length is 46 cm and weigh of 1.6 kg;
The black-capped fruit bat is a species of megabat in the monotypic genus Chironax.
Its long tail gave balance for tree climbing and jumping from branch to branch.
Miniopterus griveaudi is a bat in the genus Miniopterus found on Grande Comore and Anjouan in the Comoros and in northern and western Madagascar.
They are sexually dimorphic and locally common.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland.
The Eastern small footed bat is rare throughout its range, although the species may be locally abundant where suitable habitat exists.
They are small and slender moles, with a head-body length of 11 to 12 centimetres and weighing 34 to 43 grams.
The lesser grison is slightly smaller than the greater grison.
They nurse and care for their kits until late summer, when they are old enough to set out on their own.
It is the only species in the genus Anotomys.
The monophyly of this grouping was supported by some genetic evidence.
The Krebs's fat mouse is a species of rodent in the family Nesomyidae.
The Darien harvest mouse is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.
These early cetaceans became gradually better adapted for swimming than for walking on land, finally evolving into fully marine cetaceans.
For camouflage, its fur turns white during the winter and rusty brown during the summer.
Its natural habitats are Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
It also supports the idea that modern human ancestors could have interbred with another human species, the Neanderthals, as posited by genome analyses.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland, arable land, and pastureland.
Scientists have assigned it to a new genus, Rungwecebus, named after Mount Rungwe, where it is found.
Goff's southeastern pocket gopher was a pocket gopher endemic to Brevard County, Florida, United States.
In the past, especially during the Middle Ages, it was commonly killed for its hide, and to produce drinking horns.
The Guatemalan broad-clawed shrew is a species of small-eared shrew in the family Soricidae.
The one-toothed shew mouse is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
Though not as agile on the ground as the common vampire bat, they are quite proficient at climbing branches.
It is overall very dark, almost black, with a white patch on the abdomen.
The Colorado chipmunk is a species of rodent in the squirrel family Sciuridae.
Kielanobaatar is the first record of an Asian albionbaatarid multituberculate.
It has been recorded from the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Rwanda, and Uganda.
It probably fed on soft aquatic vegetation.
A morphological analysis of marsupials and basal metatherians conducted in 2007 found Herpetotherium to be the sister group to extant marsupials.
Porpoises were, and still are, hunted by some countries by means of drive hunting.
The common rock rat is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
Panthera onca onca was proposed as a jaguar subspecies by Reginald Innes Pocock in 1939. before later research failed to find evidence for it.
Its range is in Indonesia in the southwestern peninsula of the island of Sulawesi, near Makassar.
The American red squirrel is one of three species of tree squirrel currently classified in the genus Tamiasciurus, known as the pine squirrels.
A third species, B. folieae, was described from the early Paleocene of Belgium by Eric De Bast, Bernard Sigé and Thierry Smith in 2012.
Sucker-footed bats feed largely on beetles and small moths.
A fragment of an upper molar from the same location may also belong to Perutherium.
It is endemic to the Kai Besar, one of the islands which are part of the Maluku Islands, Indonesia.
The armored rat is a species of rodent in the family Echimyidae.
A Polecat-Ferret hybrid is a cross between a European polecat and a ferret.
Tonkinomys is a genus of Muridae rodent native to northeastern Vietnam.
The Beijing mouse-eared bat, or Peking myotis is a species of vesper bat.
Herpestidae is placed within the suborder Feliformia, together with the cat, hyena, and civet families.
Trigonias was about 2.1 m long and, despite lacking horns, looked a lot like modern rhinos.
This species is widespread in parts of Sri Lanka but it faces a number of threats, including deforestation and domestic cats.
Very little is known about this species.
Unlike its modern relative, this species took the place of muskrats in the rivers of North America during the Oligocene epoch.
It is closely related to the sugar glider, and is similar in appearance.
The last captive specimen died in Amsterdam on 12 August 1883.
A relative of the modern mountain goat, which is the only existing species in the genus Oreamnos, O. harringtoni became extinct around 11,000 B.C.
Stegolophodon is an extinct genus of proboscidean.
Small populations also occur in the southern Amazon, including Peru where protected in Bahuaja-Sonene National Park.
Shaw Mayer's water rat is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
The Chanum Torres is widespread throughout its range and feeds on a diet of worms and insects.
in 1927, and is also partly known as Cimolodon.
It is found in Bangladesh, Cambodia, China, India, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Nepal, Pakistan, Thailand, and Vietnam.
The dune hairy-footed gerbil or Namib dune gerbil, Gerbillurus tytonis, is a species of gerbil found only in Namibia.
These behaviors form parts of a complex evolutionary ecology.
The zygomatic plate, a bony plate at the side of the skull, was broad.
Kerivoula is a genus of vesper bats in the subfamily Kerivoulinae.
The species is a specialised diurnal hunter of antelopes, which it catches by chasing them to exhaustion.
The 11 species of badgers are grouped in three subfamilies: Melinae, Mellivorinae, and Taxideinae.
The northern blossom-bat is a fruit bat in the family Pteropodidae.
Insects and fruits account for the majority of its diet, but exudates are also important.
Fossils and unmineralized subfossils have been found in Ecuador, Brazil, and Bolivia
Gray langurs are large and fairly terrestrial, inhabiting forest, open lightly wooded habitats, and urban areas on the Indian subcontinent.
Little is known about their behavior, but they are believed to feed on leaves, grasses and other plant material.
The kob is an antelope found across sub-Saharan Africa, in Gashaka Gumti National Park, Nigeria and some part of Senegal to South Sudan.
It consists of two species and 12 subspecies:
Competition with the plantain squirrel represents another challenge for this species.
From May to August, males establish territories and try to attract females with which to mate.
It is a common misconception that tigons are smaller than lions or tigers.
The upperparts are gray-brown and the underparts are grayish, not buffy as in O. couesi.
Mirza's western moss rat is a species of rodent endemic to Papua New Guinea.
To date, this has resulted in an increase in the number of species from 12 to 30.
In particular, according to at least some major dictionaries, the source of the species name urva was the Nepali language urvá or arvá
The range of U. minimus was continental Europe and as far east as the Black Sea in Russia.
Populations in Florida in the United States are now recognized as the Florida bonneted bat
Their fur is pale with contrasting dark markings in the face and on the legs, and their long horns are almost straight.
It has been designated as a species of concern in some parts of its range.
Its natural habitats are dry savanna and moist savanna.
The incisive foramina, which perforate the palate between the incisors and the molars, are long and narrow.
Brants's whistling rat is one of two species of Murid rodent in the genus Parotomys.
Many multituberculates are called "something"-baatar, regardless of where they come from.
This bat was first described in 1817 by Heinrich Kuhl, who named it in honour of the Austrian naturalist Johann Natterer.
Iberica is an extinct genus of eobaatarid or a possible plagiaulacid multituberculate which existed in what is now Galve, Spain, during the early Cretaceous.
Paralouatta is a platyrrhine genus that currently contains two extinct species of small primates that lived on the island of Cuba.
The moor macaque is a macaque with brown/black body fur with a pale rump patch and pink bare skin on the rump.
But unlike many nocturnal animal species, its eyes do not have a tapetum lucidum.
It is the largest recognized subspecies of brown bear, and one of the two largest bears alive today, the other being the polar bear.
The greater fat-tailed jerboa is a species of rodent in the family Dipodidae.
Miniopterus gleni is a species of vesper bat in the family Vespertilionidae and it belongs to the class Mammalia.
It is found in Burundi, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Malawi, Tanzania, Uganda, and Zambia.
The Mortlock flying fox or Mortlock Islands flying-fox is a species of fruit bat in the family Pteropodidae.
Others treat the Okinawa flying fox as a subspecies of the latter, while some give it full species status.
It is found in the Atlantic Forest region of the Brazilian states of Rio de Janeiro, Espírito Santo, Minas Gerais and Bahia.
A hybrid camel is a hybrid between a Bactrian camel and dromedary.
The shadowy broad-nosed bat is a species of bat in the family Phyllostomidae.
However, none of the subspecies live strictly in either sort of habitat.
The desert mouse, also known as the brown desert mouse, is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
Greek root words for "small ear" are the source for the genus name Microtus.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and rocky areas.
It is decreasing in these areas, but is not classified as threatened as a species yet.
Fossil remains consisting of two upper jaws have been found in the Kimmeridgian-age strata of Guimarota, Portugal.
The orange-brown Atlantic tree-rat or red-nosed tree-rat, is a spiny rat species from South America.
Chriacus is an extinct genus of prehistoric mammal which lived in North America around 63 million years ago.
Small-tooth moles eat mostly earthworms and insect larvae.
Oligobuninae is an extinct subfamily of the family Mustelidae.
Judging from its low molars, Diadiaphorus ate soft vegetation, such as leaves.
The increasing human population pressures and the low fecundity of this relatively long-lived animal are cause for concern.
It is particularly common on Silhouette Island.
They are found in the savannas, semi-deserts, and floodplains of sub-Saharan Africa.
Members are found in the Solomon Islands or in the case of the Black-bellied Fruit Bat, in Papua New Guinea.
The henricosborniids are only known from the late Paleocene and early Eocene, making them slightly older and more primitive than the notostylopids.
It is found not only in Tibet and China, but also in India and Nepal in mountainous regions at altitudes of up to about 5,200 m.
The Udine shrew is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.
It is the only species in the genus Carpitalpa.
The Białowieża or lowland European bison was kept alive in captivity, and has since been reintroduced into several countries in Europe.
Female voles have 5 or more litters of 4 to 6 young in a year.
They have well developed, forward-pointing eyes and can locate prey visually.
Arambourg was born in Paris in 1885 and later died in Paris in 1964, just three years after he discovered afrocyon.
The jaguar's present range extends from Southwestern United States and Mexico across much of Central America and south to Paraguay and northern Argentina.
It lives in forests and urban areas.
Ikonnikov's bat is a species of vesper bat.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.
It is found in Brunei, Indonesia, and Malaysia.
Bulungu muirheadae is the oldest fossil bandicoot recovered to date.
At around 60 to 70 cm in length it is the smallest wallaroo and the most heavily built.
Another member of the genus is known from California, also from the Early Eocene.
These other canids were removed to Lycalopex by Langguth in 1975.
They are both large, even-toed ungulates native to the steppes of central Asia, with a double hump.
The fourth lower premolar is larger than the molars behind it and has two roots, while the lower molars have three.
Since the western purple-faced langur is naturally arboreal, deforestation also impacts its activities besides eating.
It has small rounded ears, short legs, and short, thick fur and weighs approximately 390–600 g. It has a life span of 7 to 9 years.
It is named after Argentine biologist Osvaldo Reig.
The genus is considered the oldest branch of the part of the cat family to cross into the Americas, followed by the genera Lynx and Puma.
Its body is mainly grey-brown, with a distinct white spot on the forehead.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
The tail assists and serves as support when the jerboa is standing upright.
It is an aerial insectivore that roosts in hollow trees, hollow rotten logs on the ground, under overhanging banks, and caves in the Llanos of Venezuela.
Miller's mastiff bat is a species of bat in the family Molossidae.
Macroscelides is a genus of small shrew-like animals, the round-eared sengis, found in western Namibia and in South Africa; they are members of the clade Afrotheria.
The genus Kogaionon was named by Rădulescu R. and Samson P. in 1996.
It is found in Brazil, Colombia, French Guyana, Surinam.
It is found in Indonesia and Malaysia.
Brooke's squirrel is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae.
It has tube-like nostrils and a wingspan of about 40 cm.
It is found in Brazil north of the Amazon, on both sides of the Rio Negro.
They are around 14–17 centimetres long with a 6–10 centimetres tail, and weigh 110–150 grams.
The chocolate pipistrelle is a species of vesper bat in the family Vespertilionidae.
The southern white-cheeked gibbon is a species of gibbon native to Vietnam and Laos.
Elephants are large mammals of the family Elephantidae and the order Proboscidea.
Nyctereutes abdeslami is an extinct relative of the raccoon dog from the Pliocene.
The Gilliard's flying fox is a species of flying fox in the family Pteropodidae.
The African savanna hare is a species of mammal in the family Leporidae, native to Africa.
It is closely related to the domesticated Bactrian camel.
Basiloterus husseini was a late Eocene primitive whale.
The little soft-furred rat is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
It is found in southern Mexico and throughout much of Central America.
They are known from the Miocene of United States, Harrisonian of United States, Arikareean of United States, and Oligocene of Canada.
Telmatherium is a genus of a North American Brontothere.
Not much else is known about this subspecies as it became extinct before studies were done.
Their closest relatives are clearly the hamsters and voles.
Like Hyracotherium, it ate leaves and had five-toed front legs and three-toed hind legs.
The population formerly recognized as the orange-spined hairy dwarf porcupine has been reclassified to this species.
Its natural habitats are moist savanna and pastureland.
The Townsend's mole is a fossorial mammal in the family Talpidae, and is the largest North American mole.
The common vole is a European mammal.
Cratogeomys is a genus of rodent in the family Geomyidae.
There are three living species and two extinct species in this genus.
It is the second largest native canid on the continent, after the maned wolf.
They have a vestigial tail and index finger.
The genus dates back to the late Oligocene.
It is listed as Data Deficient because it is known only from the type specimen collected in 1901.
The Cape elephant shrew, Cape rock elephant shrew, or Cape sengi is a species of elephant shrew in the family Macroscelididae.
It is commonly called the "Guinea rat."
An adult alpaca generally is between 81–99 centimetres in height at the shoulders.
They are especially suitable for tilling rice fields, and their milk is richer in fat and protein than that of dairy cattle.
The eared hutia or large-eared hutia is a species of rodent in the family Capromyidae.
Any remaining populations may have been wiped out when the Soufrière erupted in 1902, destroying the pristine vegetation on its slopes.
Alcidedorbignya is an extinct pantodont mammal known from the Early Paleocene Santa Lucia Formation at Tiupampa near Mizque, Cochabamba, Bolivia.
Glischropus is a genus of bats within the vesper bat family, Vespertilionidae.
The common minke whale or northern minke whale is a species of minke whale within the suborder of baleen whales.
Eight new species were found in Southeast Asia between 2005-2009.
They may be preyed on by lions, leopards, spotted hyenas and African wild dogs.
Kenyamyidae is an extinct family of rodents from Africa that lived in the Lower Miocene era.
It is found only in southwestern Sulawesi, Indonesia, where it has only been found on Mount Lompobatang.
The specific name capreolus is Latin for 'little goat'.
T. megiriani was a quadrupedal marsupial predator, that in appearance looked similar to a dog with a long snout.
It is found in China and Mongolia.
The crab-eating raccoon eats crab, lobster, and other crustaceans, but is an omnivore and its diet also includes, for example, small amphibians, turtle eggs, and fruits.
Campbell's dwarf hamsters are omnivores, and so feed on both plant and insect material.
It is the national animal of Sri Lanka.
Its type locality is Rwanda, Parc National des Volcans, Karisoke.
The 2 relevant to this list article are odd- and even-toed ungulates.
The Little Swan Island hutia was a third species which was found only on Little Swan Island, off north-eastern Honduras.
This species, along with Spalax judaei and, by a different mechanism, Heterocephalus glaber, appears to be immune to cancer.
The red-backed bearded saki is a species of bearded saki, a type of New World monkey, from South America.
Due to its imperiled status, it is identified by the Alliance for Zero Extinction as a species in danger of imminent extinction.
The Sumatran porcupine is a species of rodent in the family Hystricidae.
A new debate appeared in 2013, with the documentation of the Dmanisi skulls.
There are seventeen species of hedgehog in five genera, found through parts of Europe, Asia, and Africa, and in New Zealand by introduction.
Megaderma spasma is from the order Chiroptera and family Megadermatidae which comprises four genera and five species.
Uintatheres belong to the order Dinocerata, one of several extinct orders of primitive hoofed mammals that are sometimes united in the Condylarthra.
The genus contains two species, the Indian rhinoceros and the Javan rhinoceros.
Population estimates range from 8,000 to 15,000 and it is threatened by habitat loss.
Birds are the main threat to the species, and bandicoots must compete with rabbits for resources.
It is found in lowland tropical rainforests in northeastern Brazil, French Guiana, Guyana, Suriname and Venezuela.
It was first named by Nao Kusuhashi, Yaoming Hu, Yuanqing Wang, Takeshi Setoguchi and Hiroshige Marsuoka in 2010 and the type species is Heishanobaatar triangulus.
China for the purposes of this list article refers to a geographic area, now primarily politically identified with a modern nation state.
It is found in Argentina, Bolivia and perhaps Peru.
Shoshonius lived about 50 million years ago during the late early Eocene era, with specimens found in Central Wyoming.
They are agile leapers, and run swiftly along branches.
The last specimen was a female found roosting at Tarague cliff in March 1967, but it escaped capture.
Bibimys is a genus of new world rats.
It lives in groups of two to 11 individuals.
Erophylla is a genus of bat in the family Phyllostomidae.
The singing of the female Kloss's gibbon is considered the most beautiful of all the gibbons' songs.
Takin cows seek out areas of dense vegetation to give birth to a single kid in early spring.
The white-lipped peccary, is a hog-like animal found in Central and South America.
Species of Archaeocyon are among the earliest known borophagines, although a species of Otarocyon has a slightly earlier first appearance.
It is found only on Santiago in the Galápagos Islands.
The Timor warty pig is a subspecies of Sus celebensis, or Celebes warty pig.
The whales are from the North Pacific Ocean and ranged in size from 3 to 8 metres long.
Nonetheless, the use of the term guenon for monkeys of this genus is widely accepted.
Older literature includes the tuco-tucos in the family, as the subfamily Ctenomyinae, but these animals are normally now treated as a separate family, Ctenomyidae.
Members of the species inhabit Africa with a range stretching along the equator from West Africa to Uganda.
There are 9 species in the genus:
There are three subspecies: C. m. melanogaster, C. m. mentawi, and C. m. atratus.
Mesotheriids were small to medium-sized herbivorous mammals adapted for digging.
At least one species, the large slit-faced bat, even catches vertebrate prey, such as frogs and small birds.
Melanists, albinos and erythrists are rare, and mostly the result of wolf-dog hybridisation.
Its specific epithet honors Leigh Van Valen.
The mylodontids together with their relatives form Mylodonta, the second radiation of ground sloths.
It is found in Benin, Burkina Faso, Ivory Coast, Ghana, Mali, Mauritania, Niger, Nigeria, and Senegal.
Slevin's mouse, also known as the Catalina deer mouse, is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.
The ruddy mongoose is a species of mongoose found in hill forests of peninsular India and Sri Lanka.
The pygmy brocket is a brocket deer species from South America.
Fossils have been found as far north as Turkey.
Behemotops is an extinct genus of herbivorous marine mammal.
Scientists found the lone fossil, a skull, on Madagascar's west coast in the Upper Cretaceous strata.
Bunting's thicket rat is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
Only four specimens exist, collected by Frank Wonder between 12 and 16 January 1929.
The gray tree rat, Lenothrix canus, is a species of rodent in the family Muridae and the only species in the monotypic genus Lenothrix.
Peripolocetus is a genus of balaenid baleen whale from the middle Miocene of Kern County, California.
Mammalodontidae is a family of extinct whales known from the Oligocene of Australia and New Zealand.
Few of the hybrids survived, and the experiments were discontinued in 1928.
For example, H. endorobae can be distinguished because it is larger than H. denniae, with a broader skull and larger molars.
In the past, the Peruvian, brown and white-cheeked spider monkeys have been treated as subspecies of A. belzebuth.
The Ngandong tiger is an extinct subspecies of tiger which lived in what is now the Sundaland region of Indonesia in the Pleistocene epoch.
It lived during the Pleistocene in southern Asia, where the species Damalops palaeindicus is known from the Siwaliks in the northern part of the Indian Subcontinent.
The Barbary, Heuglin's and Hoogstral's striped grass mouse form a group that have a distinctly dark and light striped pelage.
The Kakadu pebble-mound mouse is a rodent native to Australia.
With a forearm length of 35 to 38 mm, M. griveaudi is a small Miniopterus.
Females produce up to seven litters a year, each averaging from four to six young which are weaned after about fourteen days.
It is terrestrial and is active around twilight.
The Formosan woolly horseshoe bat is a species of bat from the family Rhinolophidae.
It is found throughout West Africa, Central Africa, and East Africa.
The mountain nyala has been classified under the Endangered category of the International Union for Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources.
The skin is covered in small hair, which are generally black in males and brown or dark gray in females.
The two subspecies each have many synonyms associated with them:
Pacaranas typically are found in family groups of four or five.
There are more than 70 cat breeds, though different associations proclaim different numbers according to their standards.
The gestational period lasts for seven to eight months, followed by the birth of a single calf.
Neotragus is a genus of dwarf antelope, native to Africa.
However, a population apparently belonging to this species was discovered in 2000 in Northern Tyrol, just across the German-Austrian border.
Their dwellings can often be found in hollow trees and entryways to caves or other structures.
In Portugal it is called "toupeira-d'água", which means "water mole".
They are classified in the order Pilosa with the anteaters, which sport a similar set of specialized claws.
This order can be defined as all metatherians closer to Deltatheridium than to Marsupialia.
Like other slow lorises, it has a wet nose, a round head, flat face, large eyes, small ears, a vestigial tail, and dense, woolly fur.
The name Muridae comes from the Latin mus, meaning "mouse".
It may actually represent an immature Amazonian manatee, but it is reported to differ in proportions and colour.
Similar names are also found in other, especially European, languages.
The reticulated giraffe, also known as the Somali giraffe, is a subspecies of giraffe native to the Horn of Africa.
The huemul is part of Chile's national coat of arms and it is since 2006 a National Natural Monument.
It is similar to the coyote in size and build, and is distinguished by its long and narrow skull, and its red and white fur.
Its native names are reungkah in Acehnese and kedih in Alas.
Historically, it was included as a subspecies of the tufted capuchin.
It is found in China, India, Nepal, and Pakistan.
Himalayacetus is an extinct genus of carnivorous aquatic mammal of the family Ambulocetidae.
The plateau vole is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.
Mirza's eastern moss rat is a species of rodent endemic to New Guinea.
Sibuyan striped shrew rat is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
Of three subfamilies of Herpestidae, dwarf mongooses belong to Herpestinae or Mungotinae, which are small, highly social mongooses.
Brock's yellow-eared bat is a species of bat in the family Phyllostomidae, the leaf-nosed bats.
Genetic, morphological and archaeological evidence suggests that domestication of Old-World wildcats began approximately 7500 years BCE in the Fertile Crescent region of the Near East.
In recent times, masked palm civets were considered to be a likely vector of SARS.
In comparison, the body of a common household mouse is approximately 10 cm long and its tail is approximately 5 cm.
The Egyptian pygmy shrew has grey fur, tinged with brown on the upperparts and tipped with white on the paler underparts.
The desert pocket mouse is a North American species of heteromyid rodent found in the southwestern United States and Mexico.
Taxonomically, the snow leopard has been classified as Uncia uncia since the early 1930s.
After the first specimen was caught in 1967, it was described as a subspecies of Eptesicus somalicus in 1995.
The Sierra Leone free-tailed bat is a species of bat in the family Molossidae.
It is monotypic within the genus Aeretes.
Predators are those that prey on small mammals.
There is a specimen in the collection of the Natural History Museum in London.
Viverrids are found in South and Southeast Asia, across the Wallace Line, all over Africa, and into southern Europe.
Siau Island tarsier is a species of tarsier from the tiny volcanic island of Siau.
In Sri Lanka, this species is found in the dry zone and is replaced in the wet zone by the yellow-striped chevrotain.
It is one of many opossum species in the order Didelphimorphia and the family Didelphidae.
Zenkerellinae is a subfamily of "pygmy scaly-tailed flying squirrels" which was classified in 1898 by Paul Matschie.
Cephalotropis is a genus of baleen whale belonging to the extinct family Cetotheriidae.
Around human habitations, common brushtails are inventive and determined foragers with a liking for fruit trees, vegetable gardens, and kitchen raids.
The species is named after Alfred Grandidier.
Isthmomys is a genus of rodent in the family Cricetidae, belonging to the tribe Reithrodontomyini.
As with other large Canis hypercarnivores today, the dire wolf is thought to have been a pack hunter.
It was discovered in the Campos Amazônicos National Park, less than 200 miles from Manaus, near the Madeira River.
These animals were principally small-sized, occupying a habitat like hares, marmots and vizcachas.The majority were very small, like rodents.
Protragocerus is an extinct genus of antelope from the late Serravallian Age of the Miocene Epoch.
It is the world's smallest squirrel measuring to about seventy millimeters, about the size of a mouse.
A variety of parasites occur on this species.
During early 20th century, the species lost most of its ranges in the Middle East and Eastern Asia.
The side-striped jackal is a species of jackal, native to east and southern Africa.
The Mashona mole-rat is a species of rodent in the family Bathyergidae.
Other Lemniscomys either have more spotty/interrupted stripes or only a single dark stripe along the back.
The genus Plesiochoffatia was named by Hahn G. and Hahn R. in 1999.
The small-toothed fruit bat is a species of megabat in the family Pteropodidae.
It has been hypothesized that their extinction coincides with the Younger Dryas period of global cooling commencing around 10,900 BC.
This is in contrast to the column-shaped stapes found in marsupials, monotremes, and xenarthrans.
Their skulls are invariably larger than those of Eurasian brown bears, and are apparently larger than those of Far Eastern brown bears.
The southern tamandua, also called the collared anteater or lesser anteater, is a species of anteater from South America.
Systematically, it is a sister clade to the guenons, but differs in dentition and habits.
The New Zealand sea lion numbers around 10,000 and is perhaps the world's rarest sea lion species.
Spermophilus ralli is a species of squirrel found in the grasslands of western China, Kazakhstan, and Kyrgyzstan.
A huarizo is a cross between a male llama and a female alpaca.
The type species is D. luctoretemergo, named after the motto of Zeeland, "Luctor et Emergo".
The Masai giraffe can be found in central and southern Kenya and in Tanzania.
It contains most of the species previously belonged to Amphilestidae.
Schelkovnikov's pine vole is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.
Killer whales feature strongly in the mythologies of indigenous cultures, with their reputation ranging from being the souls of humans to merciless killers.
The young are born in a nest in a burrow.
Hippidion is an extinct genus of horse that lived in South America during the Pleistocene epoch, between two million and 10,000 years ago.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
The species Akodon aliquantulus, described from some very small Argentine specimens in 1999, is now recognized as a synonym of A. caenosus.
Some undescribed fossils from the Middle Jurassic of England may represent earlier versions.
Hydaspitherium is an extinct genus of giraffid artiodactyl.
This family is part of the suborder Cimolodonta.
Hector’s dolphin was named after Sir James Hector, who was the curator of the Colonial Museum in Wellington.
The females and juveniles have a reddish-brown coat, while the males become yellowish grey or darker after the age of two years.
The dark tube-nosed fruit bat is a species of bat in the family Pteropodidae.
It was named by Blanford after its collector, geologist Arthur Beevor Wynne.
The Chuuk flying fox or Ruck flying fox is a species of flying fox in the family Pteropodidae.
The others are Algarolutra majori, Cyrnolutra castiglionis and Sardolutra ichnusae.
Beginning in the 1930s, several attempts were made to develop horses that looked like tarpans through selective breeding, called "breeding back" by advocates.
Iberodon is a small, extinct mammal of the Lower Cretaceous from Portugal.
It was then brought to the United States in 1954 by Dr. Victor Schwentker for use in research.
The forest horseshoe bat is a species of bat in the family Rhinolophidae.
It can be found in the following countries: Bangladesh, Bhutan, India, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Nepal, Philippines, Thailand, and Vietnam.
The nabarlek is most closely related to the monjon and to the short-eared rock-wallaby.
The Tanala tufted-tailed rat is a species of rodent in the family Nesomyidae.
The specific name honors Karl Roth for his contributions to the natural history of central Australia.
The two species of Voalavo are only subtly different in morphology.
The barren ground shrew is a small shrew found in northern Canada west of Hudson Bay and in Alaska.
Johan's spiny mouse is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
Emin's rats are actually better climbers than their better known Gambian pouched rat cousins.
The tiger is the largest cat species, most recognizable for their pattern of dark vertical stripes on reddish-orange fur with a lighter underside.
The Togian babirusa, also known as the Malenge babirusa, is the largest species of babirusa.
According to the latest IUCN's assessment from 2011, the subspecies is considered "Critically Endangered".
It lies within the suborder Cimolodonta and family Cimolomyidae.
It subsists almost entirely on ants and termites.
It lives in holes under rocks and logs along streams.
The greater kudu is one of two species commonly known as kudu, the other being the lesser kudu, T. imberbis.
A male of P. recki from Koobi Fora was 40 years old when it died.
This poses many problems to current theories concerning the limitations of Homo erectus behavior in terms of innovation and language.
It was named by Peters for Fedor Jagor.
Hystrix was given name by the late 18th century Swedish botanist, Carl Linnaeus.
The sun-tailed monkey was only discovered in 1984, so not much is known about it.
It is a nocturnal, solitary, strongly terrestrial and omnivorous animal, feeding on fruits, small vertebrates and invertebrates.
Only one feature of the tooth links this species to Ngamalacinus, and that is the metaconid and protoconid are reduced.
Snub-nosed monkeys live in Asia, with a range covering southern China as well as the northern parts of Vietnam and Myanmar.
The species is not of conservation concern, but some populations are threatened.
These rodents are clearly most closely related to some muroid rodents found on the African mainland.
It is found in Benin, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Chad, Ghana, Mali, Niger, Nigeria, and Togo.
They are slow swimmers, but can dive to 700 m below the surface.
The Telefomin cuscus is a probably extinct possum found on New Guinea.
The Cuban yellow bat is a species of bat from the family Vespertilioninae.
It is found in dense riverine forests in the high valleys and mountains of the Kashmir Valley and northern Chamba district in Himachal Pradesh.
Mylagaulus is an extinct genus of rodents in the family Mylagaulidae containing these species:
Its discovery further supports the hypothesis that primates originated in Asia, not in Africa.
This fossil primate is mostly known from skulls and mandibles found in Pliocene deposits excavated in the Shungura Formation, at the Omo River, Ethiopia.
O. u. annulicauda from the northeastern part of its range.
Sumichrast's harvest mouse is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.
The Malaita tube-nosed fruit bat is a species of bat in the family Pteropodidae.
It is also very gregarious and has a seasonal, promiscuous mating pattern.
It is found in Indonesia, Peninsular Malaysia, and Singapore.
The neblina slender opossum is an opossum species from South America.
It was thought to have been endangered in 2001, but has since been moved to least concern by the International Union for Conservation of Nature.
The Newfoundland subspecies is also observed to inhabit a wider range of forest types than its mainland counterparts.
Pongo hooijeri is an extinct species of orangutan from the Pleistocene of Vietnam.
Standing 60 centimeters tall at the shoulders, its build was not similar to that of modern mustelids.
It is characterized, among other traits, by spiny fur.
More data on range population densities and trends, and potential threats would be useful for a future reassessment, but it is currently assessed as Least Concern.
It is a species of spiny rat.
The other two genera in the family, Gandakasia and Himalayacetus, are known only from teeth and mandibular fragments.
It ranges eastward along the Colorado River to Eagle County and along the Gunnison to the western end of the Black Canyon.
The scientific name translates as "rock loving lizard-mouse", while the common name honours Austin Roberts, who first described the species.
The Siau Island tarsier was selected for the list of "The World's 25 Most Endangered Primates" by the IUCN Species Survival Commission, Primate Specialist Group.
Most of the fragments exhibit chemical erosion and have a layer of calcite.
The upper surface of the long feet is whitish.
Anthracobune is an extinct genus of stem perissodactyl from the middle Eocene of the Upper Kuldana Formation of Kohat, Punjab, Pakistan.
The common echymipera is native to New Guinea.
Sloggett's vlei rat or ice rat is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
A young De Winton is called a pup.
It is found in China and Taiwan.
The Guadeloupe big brown bat is a species of vesper bat.
An average adult weighs 256 g and newborn young weigh 9 g.
Bears are carnivoran mammals of the family Ursidae.
The pelt is generally of a grey-fulvous colour, which reddens in summer.
The genus was named by Y. Tong and T. Wang in 1994.
The Molelike Mouse, Juscelinomys vulpinus, is a rodent species from South America.
The European mink, also known as the Russian mink, is a semiaquatic species of mustelid native to Europe.
Because the two species are not proficient swimmers, the formation of the Congo River 1.5–2 million years ago possibly led to the speciation of the bonobo.
Phacochoerus is a genus of wild pigs in the family Suidae, known as warthogs.
They are relatively small, with a body length of just 5 to 6 cm.
The lowland brush mouse is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
This possum is found in a small area between Ingham and Cairns in Queensland, Australia.
Primarily covered in dark-brown fur, it is found near aquatic habitats along the Pacific coast from southern British Columbia to northern California.
This animal has been historically considered a member of genus Arvicola, but molecular evidence demonstrates that it is more closely related to North American Microtus species.
It is threatened by severe deforestation but may be protected by Ilha Grande State Park.
Lions are unusually social compared to other cats.
Both have dappled grey bodies, black hands and feet and white cheeks, although the cheek hairs of the red-shanked douc are much longer.
Deraniyagala's beaked whale is a species of mesoplodont whale.
They live in wooded areas and can climb trees, where some species spend their entire lives.
The tail becomes fat a few mm from the proximal end and remains so right up to the tip.
It is endemic to the Ethiopian Highlands in western Ethiopia.
The Setzer's mouse-tailed dormouse is a species of rodent in the family Gliridae.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
A fourth distinct species, N. cockrumi, was discovered in Arizona and named in 2004.
But since its teeth are not adapted for gouging trees to get to the sap, it can only eat exudates when they are easily available.
It is sometimes considered a subspecies of the Venezuelan red howler and classified as Alouatta seniculus arctoidea.
European bison were first scientifically described by Carl Linnaeus in 1758.
It is fossorial, seeking shelter by digging burrows.
This is a common species with a wide range and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has rated it as being of "least concern".
The Mexican dog-faced bat is a bat species of the family Molossidae from Central America.
The specific name sahulensis is derived from the Sahul Shelf, located between northern Australia and southern New Guinea, where the Australian humpback dolphins occur.
Its members are considered to be basal anthropoids and the genus is closely related to Apidium.
Besides drive hunting, they also face threats from bycatch, competition, and marine pollution.
The dusky rat is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
Previously, the species was believed to have been extinct since 1890, when it was last spotted.
The corpus mandibulae is the part of the lower jaw beneath the tooth row, and mekéti is Greek for 'no longer'.
The genus Jaculus is a member of the Dipodinae subfamily of dipodoid rodents.
It is closely related to Platyrrhinus incarum and Platyrrhinus fusciventris.
In captivity, armadillos also eat foods such as fruits and vegetables.
The chacoan gracile opossum is a species of opossum in the family Didelphidae.
H. megacephalum is restricted to the Dhok Pathan Formation in northern Pakistan.
The anthracobunids were probably amphibious and lived in marshy environments.
They were among the more derived representatives of the informal suborder of "Plagiaulacida".
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
The species is sexually dimorphic: males are larger than females, and antlers are present only on males.
Such an adaption is an example of phenotypic plasticity.
Its fossil remains were discovered in strata dating to the Albian-Cenomanian boundary in the Cedar Mountain Formation, Utah.
Budin's chinchilla rat is a species of chinchilla rat in the family Abrocomidae.
The skull and the fins also show minor differences between the two species.
They are also present, though rare, throughout many of the Bahamian islands.
It is also within the suborder "Plagiaulacida" and has been tentatively referred to the family Eobaataridae, though it probably is not a member.
Sciurus ingrami, commonly known as Ingram's squirrel, Atlantic Forest squirrel, and serelepe, is a squirrel found in South America.
The brush-furred mice, genus Lophuromys are a group of rodents found in sub-Saharan Africa.
For some time, this species was incorrectly known by the name D. azarae, correctly applied to the big-eared opossum.
Clemensodon is a genus of extinct mammal from the Upper Cretaceous of North America.
One subspecies, bouvieri, is rated as Critically Endangered; although it was last photographically documented in 2015, it may be on the brink of extinction.
It has been also reported from Paraguay.
Anteater is a common name for the four extant mammal species of the suborder Vermilingua commonly known for eating ants and termites.
Their fossils are restricted to Central Asia and North America.
It is east of the Wallace and Weber lines, but west of Lydekker's Line.
It is found in Côte d'Ivoire, Guinea, Liberia, and Sierra Leone.
This has led to the NSW Office of Environment and Heritage listing the species as 'vulnerable'.
Predators include owls, hawks, mustelids, and snakes.
The Mediterranean, Southern or Miller's water shrew is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.
Nephelomys meridensis, also known as the Mérida oryzomys, is a species of rodent in the genus Nephelomys of family Cricetidae.
Salvin's big-eyed bat is a species of bat in the family Phyllostomidae.
Their short, prong-like horns are about 8 cm long.
The Indian leopard is a leopard subspecies widely distributed on the Indian subcontinent.
The blackish white-toothed shrew is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.
Its type locality is at 1500 m in the Hacienda Chinipamba, Imbabura Province in North-West Ecuador.
It is one of the smallest brocket deer.
He classified it as a species of Oryzomys, Oryzomys pectoralis, but later subsumed into the species Oryzomys albigularis.
Sturnira is a genus of bat in the family Phyllostomidae.
In particular, arctostylopid tarsals bear a strong resemblance to the early gliroid Rhombomylus.
Of 19,232 new species described in 2009, a mere 41 were mammals.
The lesser Asiatic yellow bat is a species of vesper bat.
The anatomy of their heads is quite different from that of the sciurid flying squirrels.
It is found in Brazil, with a population in Ecuador which is referable either to this species or to Makalata didelphoides.
Roig's tuco-tuco is a species of rodent in the family Ctenomyidae.
The common eland, also known as the southern eland or eland antelope, is a savannah and plains antelope found in East and Southern Africa.
The Angolan giraffe, also known as Namibian giraffe, is a subspecies of giraffe that is found in northern Namibia, south-western Zambia, Botswana, and western Zimbabwe.
Their age is estimated to be between 500,000 and 300,000 years old.
Threats to wild orangutan populations include poaching, habitat destruction, and the illegal pet trade.
Guangxicyon was named by Zhai et al.
Dorudontinae are a group of extinct cetaceans that are related to Basilosaurus.
The palate is short, with its back margin between the third molars.
Species vary from 80–120 mm, nose-to-tail and weight 16–170 g when fully grown.
The name "Sigmodontinae" is based on the name of the type genus, Sigmodon.
Particularly regarding cranial features, the development of P. robustus seemed to be in the direction of a "heavy-chewing complex".
It is the only member of the genus Rhynchogale.
A sixth species, B. simplicidens, was later determined to be synonymous with Megalictis ferox.
For this species, copulation attempts tend to be short and quick, starting with the male and female approaching one another.
The oldest remains are from the Ensenadan epoch within the early-middle Pleistocene 1.2 Mya.
They have “large incisor” teeth which help with “clipping forage from plants” and have “selenodont molars” that help with “shredding ingested foliage."
The southern naked-tailed armadillo is a species of small armadillo from South America.
It is found in Ivory Coast, Ghana, Guinea, Liberia, and Sierra Leone.
Müller's giant Sunda rat is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
Pemberton's deer mouse lived on San Pedro Nolasco Island in the Gulf of California.
Males typically weigh 92–108 kg and females 56–70 kg.
The animal can leap some distance or climb seemingly sheer cliffs.
This specimen is considered the western-most observation of a Persian leopard.
Prey is thought to have included ungulate camelids, cervids, equids, Peccaries, giant rodents, mesotherids, and giant cingulates.
It is found in Liberia, Ivory Coast, and Ghana, where it lives in lowland tropical rainforests.
The genus was named by Hugh Falconer in 1857, and was the first described multituberculate species.
Sanborn's squirrel is a tree squirrel in the genus Sciurus endemic to Peru.
They were listed as Special Concern by Committee on the Status of Endangered Wildlife in Canada since May 2004.
This species is found only in Philippines.
The Cameron Highlands white-bellied rat , also known as the Cameron Highlands niviventer, is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
Cook's mouse is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
Known as ශ්‍රී ලංකා සුදු තිත් මීමින්නා in Sinhala.
The hero shrew is believed to hold magical powers by the local tribes.
The shrew lived on the 4' island montane forest/brush endemic to western Puerto Rico and was an insectivore.
Note that Anoura, the bat genus, should not be confused with neither 'Anura', an order of amphibians, nor 'Anoures', the original spelling of this order.
It may have been the ancestor of the Indian Aurochs Bos primigenius namadicus.
As a nocturnal animal, it spends the daytime nesting in cool rock crevices.
The Florida mouse is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.
The Siskiyou chipmunk is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae.
There are at least two species in the genus; Uintacyon rudis and Uintacyon gingerichi, the latter being recently discovered.
One pair of horns is located between the ears, and the other on the forehead.
The islands' house mice could not survive the harsh conditions for more than two years after the archipelago was abandoned by its human population.
The dwarf multimammate mouse is a species of rodent in the family Muridae found in Kenya, Rwanda, and Tanzania.
Palaeosinopa is an extinct genus of semi-aquatic, non-placental eutherian mammals belonging to the family Pantolestidae.
The golden snub-nosed monkey is an Old World monkey in the Colobinae subfamily.
The herbivorous gopher forages for vegetable and plant matter, which it collects in large, fur-lined, external cheek pouches.
Other features distinguish Apeomyoides from other apeomyines, including the rectangular shape of the cheekteeth.
Less than 250 individuals are thought to be left in existence.
Protylopus's front legs were shorter than the hind legs, and ended in four-toed feet.
Tsessebe are found primarily in Angola, Zambia, Namibia, Botswana, Zimbabwe, Swaziland, and South Africa.
Greater long-tailed shrew tenrec - Thomas, 1926
The corpus mandibulae is similarly massive to that in Paulchoffatia".
Gorals are often found on rocky hillsides at high elevations.
Widespread mining in central Sulawesi and in the nearby province of Gorontalo are believed to exacerbating the problems of habitat loss.
In addition to Siberia and Mongolia, it is found in Kazakhstan, the Tian Shan Mountains of Kyrgyzstan, eastern Tibet, the Korean Peninsula, and northeastern China.
The genus Hypsugo contains many bats referred to as pipistrelles or pipistrelle bats.
The Caucasian birch mouse is a species of rodent in the family Dipodidae, that is endemic to Russia.
The Rickart's dyak fruit bat is a species of megabat in the family Pteropodidae found in Luzon and Mindanao islands, in the Philippines.
Fossils have been found from Egypt, India, and Madagascar.
Its natural habitats are arable land and rural gardens.
Lesser false vampire bats live in rock crevices, caves, foliage and hollow trees, depending on availability, as well as hanging and sleeping on trees in general.
Kitchener's analysis identified one of the animals as a melanistic wild cat; this juvenile male was the first wild cat ever documented as melanistic in Scotland.
Extinct diprotodonts include the rhinoceros-sized Diprotodon, and Thylacoleo, the so-called "marsupial lion".
Sinonyx was discovered in the Anhui province, China.
The yellow-rumped leaf-eared mouse otherwise known as the Patagonian leaf-eared mouse is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae and order Rodentia.
It is found in Central African Republic, Ethiopia, Kenya, Somalia, Sudan, Tanzania, Uganda, and possibly Republic of the Congo.
Both are medium-sized rats with tawny to brownish fur and a hairy tail.
Schlieffen's bat or Schlieffen's twilight bat is a species of vesper bat found in Africa.
Crocidura sapaensis is a species of white-toothed shrew native to northern Vietnam.
Therefore, there are some disagreement regarding even to the validity of the scapteromyines or eventually, even of Bibimys as a genus.
It is virtually unknown and was feared extinct, until the discovery of a skull from a recently killed individual in the Annamite Range, Laos, in 1995.
The species has sometimes been classified as a subspecies of Pteropus temminckii.
Sometimes the pouched rats are placed in the family Muridae along with all other members of the superfamily Muroidea.
The hero shrew, also known as the armored shrew, is a large shrew native to the Congo Basin of Africa.
Miss Waldron's red colobus was discovered in December 1933 by Willoughby P. Lowe, a British Museum collector who had shot eight specimens of the animal.
On Bohol Island in the Philippines, tarsiers are locally known as mamag.
The Barnes' mastiff bat is a bat species endemic to French Guiana.
The genus Sorex includes many of the common shrews of Eurasia and North America, and contains at least 142 known species and subspecies.
Haplocyonoides existed for approximately 3.1 million years.
Canut's horseshoe bat is a species of bat in the family Rhinolophidae.
Miohippus lived in what is now North America during the late Eocene to late Oligocene.
The Virginia big-eared bat is one of two endangered subspecies of the Townsend’s Big-Eared bat.
Natterer's tuco-tuco is a tuco-tuco species from South America.
It is found in Ethiopia and Somalia.
While some Cimolomys material has indeed been referred to Cimolodon, that doesn't necessarily mean that the whole genus or a particular species has.
The southern tree hyrax is mainly found in the south central eastern side of Africa.
Prolagidae is an extinct family within the order of lagomorphs, which also includes the Leporidae.
In addition to the Siberian chipmunk, several fossil species have been assigned to this genus:
Until the early 21st century, it was considered a distinct subspecies.
Its ears are short and rounded; the antitragus is square; its lips are not wrinkled; it has a broad snout.
It is found in Angola, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Republic of the Congo, and Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Recently, it has also been found to occur in Arunachal Pradesh in northeastern India.
Halitherium also had the residues of back legs, which did not show externally.
The least pygmy squirrel also known as the plain pygmy squirrel is olive-brown and endemic to forests in Borneo and Banggi Island.
Like other Peromyscus species, it is a vector and carrier of emerging infectious diseases such as hantaviruses and Lyme disease.
Tree-kangaroos are marsupials of the genus Dendrolagus, adapted for arboreal locomotion.
Allen further compared the subspecies Allactaga sibirica annulata and Allactaga sibirica sibirica, to the Gobi jerboa because they are all sympatric.
It was first named by Sickenberg in 1967.
The tail is long and females have six mammae.
The chipmunks of the genus Tamias frequently spend time in trees.
The distribution of the species is also uncertain and may be more extensive than suggested.
Neocnus is suspected of having been semi-arboreal.
Their relatives include other Caribbean ground sloths, such as Acratocnus, Mesocnus, Miocnus, Neocnus, Parocnus, and Paulocnus.
This species is not well known and its population and conservation status are unresolved.
Forty-five subspecies are currently recognised, which are divided into two categories: the large northern foxes, and the small, basal southern foxes of Asia and North Africa.
A sheep–goat hybrid is the hybrid offspring of a sheep and a goat.
Scaphohippus is an extinct Miocene genus of equine, with two known species, known from fossils found in California, New Mexico, Montana, and Nebraska.
An estimated 600 Mediterranean monk seals and 1,100 Hawaiian monk seals are alive in the wild.
Perhaps it made seasonal migrations to the High Atlas mountains, where such an adaptation would have been useful.
It is found in Guyana and Suriname.
Aside from an extensive paleontological and genetic record, Indo-European languages typically have several words for wolf, thus attesting to the animal's abundance and cultural significance.
It is only known from a single specimen collected and described in 1844.
Because of this, each individual’s territory is considerably bigger than that of the average rock-dwelling pika.
It is listed as being of least concern by the IUCN on account of its widespread range and large numbers estimated between 27,000 and 47,000 individuals.
The species Djadochtatherium matthewi was also named by Simpson G.G.
Its natural habitats are moist savanna, subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland, caves, and arable land.
Its back and flanks are grizzled silvery, while the limbs, ears and muzzle are ochraceus in colour.
Insulacebus toussaintiana is an extinct monkey found on the island of Hispaniola from Late Quaternary deposits.
It was a very small and graceful ursid with a skull only 7 cm long.
It is found at high altitudes in remote areas of Tibet and possibly also in Nepal.
The sea cow's tail was forked, like that of cetaceans.
The Alabama beach mouse is a federally endangered species which lives along the Alabama coast.
The red-hipped squirrel is found in China and Vietnam.
The specific name commemorates Thai zoologist and conservationist Dr Boonsong Lekagul.
The subspecies itself became extinct in 1940.
Other than a partial snout, fossil evidence is limited to teeth.
The dwarf blue lives mostly on grasses but also other plants such as club moss.
The gray slender loris is a species of primate in the family Loridae.
The greater long-tailed hamster is a major crop-eating rodent that resides in Northern China.
The wall-roosting mouse-eared bat, or Nepalese whiskered myotis is a species of vesper bat whose type locality is Nepal.
They inhabit forested environments in Southeast Asia.
The discovery of Saadanius may help answer questions about the evolution and appearance of the last common ancestors of Old World monkeys and apes.
The Transvaal lion is a lion population in South Africa.
Its conservation status is currently assessed as "Least Concern".
It was a species of the genus Cervalces.
Richmond's squirrel is a tree squirrel in the genus Sciurus endemic to Nicaragua.
The least pipistrelle is a species of vesper bat.
The Philippine porcupine, Indonesian porcupine, or Palawan porcupine is a species of rodent in the family Hystricidae endemic to the island of Palawan in the Philippines.
The Nayarit mouse or Sinaloan deer mouse is a species of cricetid rodent endemic to Mexico.
The species is named after World War I general Ferdinand Foch.
Alkwertatherium is an extinct genus of marsupial of the family Diprotodontidae.
The Persian jird's natural habitats are dry rocky hillsides with little vegetation and semi-desert areas.
It is nocturnal and mainly arboreal, feeding on buds, leaves, flowers and fruit.
It was once classified as the same species as the white-tailed titi, but is now officially recognized as its own species.
It is in the diverse family Muridae.
The exact timing and causes of extinction are not well-known and their relationship and placement in the parvorder of the New World monkeys is unsure.
Naraboryctes is an extinct genus of marsupial from early Miocene deposits of Boodjamulla National Park of Riversleigh area, northwestern Queensland, Australia.
Some confusion surrounds the taxon juruanus, here included as a subspecies of the black-striped capuchin.
As a result, the Scalopini are sometimes called "New World moles and relatives".
They are largely found in South, Central, and North America.
Its fur color varies from yellow to red, gray or brown on its face and back, with white fur on its underside.
An approximate weight comparison for P. clemensi is the weight of one standard mouse, around 25 g.
The name Cape ground squirrel is somewhat misleading as it actually has a much wider area of habitation.
Elomeryx had five-toed hind legs and four-toed front legs, resulting in wide feet which made it easier to walk on soft mud.
It is found in Brazil and Peru.
Their habitat was temperate desert and sandy coastline.
With its distinctive appearance and habits, the anteater has been featured in pre-Columbian myths and folktales, as well as modern popular culture.
Of these, only the Sciuridae are truly sciuromorphous.
It was first described by British zoologist Walter Rothschild in 1903.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
The Rio Guaporé mouse, Juscelinomys guaporensis, is a rodent species in the family Cricetidae.
Females are sexually mature by one year of age, while males take one and a half years to mature.
The subspecies Eumops perotis californicus is a species of concern as identified by the U.S.
The body is covered with dense spines, pale yellow at the base and black-tipped, and significantly darker on the midback.
The western shrew mouse is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
Rats are various medium-sized, long-tailed rodents of the superfamily Muroidea.
It has exceptionally good eyesight, a trait which is common in old world bats and enables it to find roosting locations.
of the American Museum of Natural History, in the Zanda Basin, located in the Tibetan Plateau.
Red-cheeked squirrels form a taxon under the subfamily Callosciurinae.
The family name, Balaenopteridae, is from the type genus, Balaenoptera.
Guilestes acares is a mesonychid mesonychian mammal that lived during the late Eocene in southern China.
The Fresno kangaroo rat or San Joaquin kangaroo rat is a species of rodent in the family Heteromyidae.
Ferugliotherium is estimated to have weighed 70 g. The incisors are long and procumbent and contain a band of enamel on only part of the tooth.
It is regarded as the ancestor of the genus Hypercoryphodon of Mid Eocene Mongolia.
The species name honours the artist Peter Trusler.
It is endemic to Atlantic Forest ecoregions of coastal Brazil.
The island tube-nosed fruit bat is a species of bat in the family Pteropodidae.
The nimble-footed mouse is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.
It is found in Colombia, Ecuador, and Panama.
Litters of four to five young are born in a form, a shallow depression in the ground, hidden among vegetation.
They died out without leaving any descendants and they mark the end of the phylogenetic branch of hornless, running rhinoceroses.
Naturalist F. Cotterill recognized the tsessebes in northeastern Zambia in the southern Bangweulu Flats as a new species based on differences in pelage and cranial morphology.
Predators include snowy owls, mustelids, and Arctic foxes.
However, Rondon's marmoset is rare or absent from areas where Weddell's saddleback tamarin is common.
The crested porcupine is a species of rodent in the family Hystricidae found in Italy, North Africa, and sub-Saharan Africa.
The subspecies is also present in Northern Mongolia.
They give birth to litters up to three young, which are born already furred and active.
In the United States, the pika is colloquially called a "coney", a nonspecific term also used for rabbits, hares, and hyraxes.
There are conservation efforts within Costa Rica to try to preserve this monkey from extinction.
The whiskered bat and related species, are small European bats with long fur.
The species must continue to decline, and in a short time.
They still exist in large numbers, with a small captive population; the population trend is unknown.
It is found in Ivory Coast, Ghana, and possibly Liberia.
Large specimens range in length from 12 to 19 inches in length and weigh 16 to 35 ounces.
It is similar in size to the common muntjac.
The diet consists mainly of earthworms, large insects, small mammals, carrion, cereals and root tubers.
Some consider the two to be distinct species, in which case the Fernandina form would be Nesoryzomys narboroughi.
The black-headed spider monkey is arboreal and diurnal.
The animal builds large burrows and perhaps associated mounds and eats plant roots.
Consequently, they are listed in the Kazakhstan Government Regulation of Approval of Rare and Endangered Animal and Plant Species Index.
It is found at elevations from 300 to 2,030 m in a variety of habitats, including cerrado, chaco and heath pampas.
Adaptations to carrying large stones and fruit include strengthened back and leg muscles that permit the monkey to walk on its hind legs while carrying stones.
Bookmice is a Canadian children's educational sitcom, where a public library is secretly inhabited by three fun loving mice.
It measures about 1.5 feet in length.
The ashy black titi is a species of titi, a type of New World monkey, endemic to Brazil.
Gomphotaria is a prime example of the extreme diversity that walruses once exhibited.
Like other pikas, Pallas's pika is herbivorous and saves grass in the summer to eat in the winter.
Its descriptive common name is based on its striped markings and its natural habitat in moist savanna.
This was originally regarded as a species of Djadochtatherium.
Hunting may be a significant threat to the population.
They are also known as Idaho spotted ground squirrel.
Dall's porpoise is one of the fastest cetaceans discovered, with the ability to travel at 41 knots.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical swamps, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
It is the subspecies of Central American squirrel monkey seen in Corcovado National Park in Costa Rica.
It has few natural enemies except for birds of prey and large snakes such as pythons.
The International Union for Conservation of Nature has listed it as a "vulnerable species".
The social tuco-tuco is a species of rodent in the family Ctenomyidae.
Emily's tuco-tuco is a species of rodent in the family Ctenomyidae.
It is arboreal and is believed to build nests of leaves in trees.
It is a popular game animal due to its highly regarded meat.
Cimolomyidae is a family of fossil mammal within the extinct order Multituberculata.
Pseudocyon, Amphicyonopsis is a synonym, endemic to Europe and N. America
The most complete skeleton is that of a female, based on a comparison with an intact female Sivatherium giganteum skull.
It is found in China, Myanmar, Taiwan, and Thailand.
They are considered distinct enough from other pocket gophers to be recognized as a separate subfamily or tribe.
Though their territories often coincide with those of the closely related serow, the goral will usually be found on higher, steeper slopes with less vegetation.
It is a common species and feeds mainly on fruits and nuts.
The four extant species, together with the platypus, are the only surviving members of the order Monotremata and are the only living mammals that lay eggs.
Triaenops menamena is a bat in the genus Triaenops found on Madagascar, mainly in the drier regions.
The species is divided into several different subspecies, though the specific divisions are uncertain and controversial.
The springbok is the national animal of South Africa.
Until recently, this species was considered to belong to the same species as the western heather vole, Phenacomys intermedius.
Brown's pademelon is a species of marsupial in the family Macropodidae.
Most ferugliotheriids come from the Late Cretaceous epoch of Argentina, where they may have lived in a marshy or seashore environment.
Another fossil found by the VanCouverings on Rusinga in 1967 seemed to confirm africanus.
Groups of female lions typically hunt together, preying mostly on large ungulates.
The aardwolf is in the same family as the hyena.
The striped field mouse is a rodent in the family Muridae.
This species and its relative Lasiurus borealis are sometimes just referred to as red bats.
They generally avoid desert, dense rainforest and permanent wetlands, and rarely stray more than 30 kilometres from a water source.
The black and rufous elephant shrew, or the black and rufous sengi, is one of the 17 species of elephant shrew found only in Africa.
It is found in Austria, France, Italy, Germany, and Switzerland.
The Mazama pocket gopher is a smooth-toothed pocket gopher restricted to the Pacific Northwest.
The term is sometimes mistakenly used for coywolves, which are common in northeast North America, whereas true coydogs are only occasionally found in the wild.
Mountain coatis are two species of procyonid mammals from the genus Nasuella.
It is probably the most plesiomorphic remingtonocetid
It is found in northeast Mexico and New Mexico, Oklahoma and Texas in the United States.
East African Little Collared Fruit Bat, Myonycteris relicta
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
It is poorly understood, because it is difficult to capture, and may be one of the rarest Neotropical bats.
It is known only from a single skull found on Lord Howe Island in 1972 and dated to the twentieth century.
Viverravidae is a monophyletic family, a plesion-group.
However, they are hunted for the pet trade, for their fur and for their meat.
Their diet consists of earthworms and various insects.
The Afro-Asiatic species, S. maurusium, was once placed within the genus "Libytherium".
The Bokhara horseshoe bat is a species of bat in the family Rhinolophidae.
Aelurodon existed for approximately 10.7 million years.
The common name and specific epithet commemorate Japanese cetologist Hideo Omura.
Tanzanian cheetahs are the second-largest population after the most numerous South African cheetah.
A combination of cranial features indicate that Makaracetus had a short, muscular proboscis similar to a tapir.
The brown antechinus, also known as Stuart's antechinus and Macleay's marsupial mouse, is a species of small carnivorous marsupial of the family Dasyuridae.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
It was the second-largest of the roughly seven species of its genus.
The Bornean shrew is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.
Jansa and Weksler noted that the Eumuroid ancestors likely had hamster-like molars as opposed to mouse-like molars.
Ferugliotheriids are known from isolated, low-crowned teeth and possibly a fragment of a lower jaw.
The desert kangaroo rat is a rodent species in the family Heteromyidae that is found in desert areas of southwestern North America.
Lasiurus atratus, the greater red bat, is a species of vesper bat.
The lesser hedgehog tenrec is a species of mammal in the family Tenrecidae.
It is classified as a leaf-nosed bat but does not have a leaf nose.
Both eat food quickly and may store it, and their calloused feet with large, blunt, nonretractable nails are adapted for running and making sharp turns.
The mountain spiny pocket mouse is a species of rodent in the family Heteromyidae.
Zapus is a genus of North American jumping mice.
Since the baiji is believed to have gone extinct in 2006, the vaquita has taken on the title of the most endangered cetacean in the world.
Its weight is between 40 and 70 g. The length of the hind foot is 22–24 mm.
In the wild they are shy and avoid humans, resting during the day.
Fawn leaf-nosed bat or fawn roundleaf bat, H. cervinus
In trade, distinctions are made between alpacas and the several styles of mohair and luster.
Java Man is the popular name given to early human fossils discovered on the island of Java in 1891 and 1892.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and moist savanna.
Macrodelphinus is known from a fragmentary skull from southern California.
Fossil remains of the species Cernaysia davidi were found in Puercan strata of the San Juan Basin of New Mexico,.
It is found in China and Thailand.
The red-bellied mosaic-tailed rat is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
Prince Bernhard's titi is a species of titi, a type of New World monkey, endemic to Brazil.
As suggested by its name, its belly is usually gray, though sometimes reddish on the sides.
Goniacodon is an extinct genus from the Paleocene of North America.
Its cranial capacity ranged between 1013–1251 cm³, placing it amongst the larger-brained members of the Homo genus.
It was formerly assigned to the genus Micoureus, which was made a subgenus of Marmosa in 2009.
It is in the monotypic genus Laonastes.
Lowe named it after a fellow museum employee, Miss F. Waldron, a colleague on the expedition.
It is listed as vulnerable by the IUCN
Known from a single astragalus, the species was assigned to its own genus, Veratalpa, by Florentino Ameghino in 1905.
Two subspecies are recognised—the common impala, and the larger and darker black-faced impala.
Some of the known fossil material may also be from the Upper Cretaceous.
They are commonly referred to as rock rats, bush rats or rock mice.
Dissopsalis is the last known hyaenodontid genus.
The female has a litter of two to four young in a deep underground burrow.
The validity of the species has been questioned, with some studies suggesting that the known specimens represent melanistic individuals of Forrest's pika.
The pelage is often a greyish brown colour, and the tragus is kidney-shaped and is a prominent feature.
The Formosan clouded leopard is a clouded leopard subspecies that is endemic to the island of Taiwan.
It is found only in northeastern Sulawesi, Indonesia.
The IUCN Red List includes Eptesicus montosus with the Chiriquinan serotine.
Five species of the genus are known in Australia, where they are called rock rats or thick-tailed rats.
The lesser dwarf shrew is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.
The largest species, P. magnum of Mid Eocene France, grew to be almost as large as a horse.
Calomyscus elburzensis, also known as Goodwin's calomyscus or Goodwin's brush-tailed mouse is a species of mouse-like hamster.
Like the modern thylacine, it may have been an awkward runner and used stamina to catch prey rather than speed.
The status of the cat in the wild needs further study, though populations are thought to be declining.
Other Hipposiderids can also be found in subtropical areas of Africa, Australia and the Solomon Islands, with habitats in dark spaces such as caves.
The Alpine musk deer recorded in the Himalayan foothills is now considered a separate species, the Himalayan musk deer.
The Grant's zebra is the smallest of six subspecies of the plains zebra.
F1 hybrids tend to be intermediate in form between dogs and coyotes, while F2 hybrids are more varied.
The cave hyena, also known as the Ice Age spotted hyena, was a paleosubspecies of spotted hyena which ranged from the Iberian Peninsula to eastern Siberia.
In between, lay very deep oceans and three island clusters, Biaro, Tagulandang/Ruang, and Siau.
Populations classified under A. jelskii include more than one species.
The Nillu rat is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
The group is named after Toxodon, the first example of the group to be discovered by science.
It was first named by Jan A. van Dam in 2010.
It is found in Cambodia, China, Indonesia, Japan, Laos, Malaysia, Taiwan, Thailand, and Vietnam.
The Washington ground squirrel is a squirrel found in the Pacific Northwest, in the states of Washington and Oregon of the Northwestern United States.
Its weight can range from 2 to 5.5 kg, with an average range of 2.5 to 4.1 kg.
It is found in Brunei, Indonesia, Malaysia, and the Philippines.
Metopocetus is an extinct genus of baleen whale belonging to the family Cetotheriidae.
It is found in Colombia and Ecuador.
This grouping has also be seen as Microcosmodontinae Holtzman & Wolberg, 1977, within Eucosmodontidae.
The Grauer's large-headed shrew is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.
The Mindanao lowland forest mouse is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
The Delmarva fox squirrel is a formerly endangered subspecies of the fox squirrel.
Alternatively, murids may have entered Australia already differentiated into various groups.
It is found only in Australia, restricted to four islands in the Shark Bay area.
Patterson suggested the Neotamandua fossils are very similar to Myrmecophaga, which would mean Neotamandua may be congeneric with Myrmecophaga.
It is an entirely terrestrial and nocturnal species, with a diet that consists mainly of seeds, fruit and some other vegetable matter.
The white-striped free-tailed bat is a species of bat in the family Molossidae.
It can be found in Cameroon, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ivory Coast, Equatorial Guinea, Ghana, Guinea, Kenya, Liberia, Nigeria, Rwanda, Sierra Leone, and Uganda.
Its karyotype has 2n = 52 and FNa = 68-70.
In life, they would have resembled hippopotamuses with small, elongated heads.
The fennec has a life span of up to 14 years in captivity.
It has terrestrial habits and is endemic to coastal central and northern Chile.
Though previously thought to be solitary, there is now evidence that raccoons engage in gender-specific social behavior.
This skeleton was discovered during the Scarrit expedition to Patagonia, Argentina, that was led by the paleontologist George Gaylord Simpson.
The American red fox, commonly known as the eastern American red fox, is a North American subspecies of the red fox.
Young males unaffiliated with a family group often make their own troops.
Civil tensions in Bougainville from 1987 till 2000 resulted in an increase in hunting pressure."
In North America, ursoids and musteloids first appear in the Chadronian.
It is known from a specimen collected near the summit of Mount Mutis.
In addition, a single isolated upper molar from the Early Oligocene of Pakistan has been tentatively assigned to D. chimaera.
The rabbit is striped, with a red rump, and resembles the Sumatran striped rabbit.
It is found in Argentina, Brazil and Uruguay.
It is similar in appearance to the smaller coast mole.
The Sudanian grass rat is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
It is found in Kazakhstan, Russia, Turkmenistan, Ukraine and Uzbekistan.
It is endemic to China, where it is found widely in rocky habitats in the eastern and central parts of the country.
The closely related subfamily Spalacinae consists of mole-like rodents found in Africa and the Middle East; these are also Myomorphic rodents.
Being arboreal, Idiurus spends all of its time in the trees, living in hollow trunks in groups of 2 to 40.
Two species are recognized, M. canhami and M. kocki.
However, the position of the horns differed in Protitanops, in that they pointed straight up, rather than more forwards, like in Brontops.
In North Indian languages it is called Nevalaa.
Brockman's rock mouse, or Brockman's myomyscus is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
Lion populations are untenable outside designated reserves and national parks.
They eat insects, fruit, and the sap or gum from trees; occasionally they take small vertebrates.
As there are only four nipples in the pouch, competition is fierce and few newborns survive.
Fossils of this genus have been found in North America, especially the Bighorn Basin region of the United States.
The family arose in Africa in the Early Miocene Epoch, and spread to Eurasia later in the Miocene.
Eliurus is a genus of rodent in the family Nesomyidae.
Horsfield's fruit bat is a species of megabat native to South East Asia.
Environmental reconstructions for the Early Miocene Proconsul sites are still tentative and range from forested environments to more open, arid grasslands.
During a hunt, spotted hyenas often run through ungulate herds in order to select an individual to attack.
The ochre bush squirrel is a species of rodents in the family Sciuridae found in Kenya, Somalia, and Tanzania.
Skull II, discovered at Locus D in 1929 but only recognized in 1930, is an adult or adolescent with a brain size of 1030 cc.
Little is published about the species and its behaviour has only been studied in captivity.
The only recorded species, Bishops whitmorei, was found on Flat Rocks, Victoria.
It lives grasslands, savannahs, lowlands of the Nile Valley, inland Lake Chad, arid Sahelian and Saharan deserts and steppes.
Its main predators are the African varieties of eagle owl.
It has been described as a subspecies of C. prehensilis.
The Tupaiidae are one of two families of treeshrews, the other family being Ptilocercidae.
Koepcke's hairy-nosed bat is a species of bat endemic to Peru.
The greater kudu is a woodland antelope found throughout eastern and southern Africa.
They have 16 teeth and their upper incisors are grooved.
Epicyon was one of the last of the Borophaginae and shared its North American habitat with other canids:
Since 2008 the IUCN has similarly recognized the Espíritu Santo antelope squirrel as a subspecies of white-tailed antelope squirrel.
It is found in France and Italy.
Lonchophylla peracchii is a species of nectar-feeding bat in the family Phyllostomidae.
When it reaches maturity it is about the size of a rabbit, making it one of the smallest ungulates.
It is found in Belize, Colombia, Ecuador, Grenada, Honduras, Panama, Peru, Trinidad and Tobago, and Venezuela.
Females are not territorial; they may be solitary or live with their offspring in home ranges.
The coruro is a species of rodent in the family Octodontidae.
Like most extinct cats, the majority of species in Metailurini are known primarily from fragments.
It was believed to be extinct until 1993, when a small population was discovered.
The type genus Coryphodon is known from around the Paleocene-Eocene transition in Europe, western United States, northern Canada, and eastern Asia.
All are found in the forests of Malaysia, Thailand, and the Philippines.
Although the cause of the decline is not fully understood, habitat loss and conflicts with humans are the greatest causes of concern.
From the skull, it appears to have been relatively large and to have escaped collection by early 19th century naturalists by chance.
It appears to be closely related to Plecotus auritus and Plecotus alpinus.
Human activities have caused severe declines in the populations and ranges of both species.
Erika's tuco-tuco, is a species of tuco-tuco native to Bolivia.
It is the only species in the genus Tryphomys.
The males' genitals create a musk while females create this musk from glands in their elbows, this scent helps mating occur.
It is a locally common, gregarious grazer.
The largest order of marsupials in the Western Hemisphere, it comprises 103 or more species in 19 genera.
The group includes Canis africanus, Canis antonii, and Canis falconeri that gave rise to Canis lycanoides.
It is found in Botswana, Namibia, and Zambia.
It is found in Burundi, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Kenya, Rwanda, South Sudan, and Uganda.
Mammalodon is an extinct genus of archaic baleen whale belonging to the family Mammalodontidae.
Like all modern sirenians, the dugong has a fusiform body with no dorsal fin or hind limbs.
It is named after Brazilian biologist Luiz Flamarion B. de Oliveira.
Today, the vicuña is mainly wild, but the local people still perform special rituals with these creatures, including a fertility rite.
The Sula rat is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, dry savanna, and moist savanna.
It may also have lived in what are today Ukraine and Hungary.
It is endemic to northwestern Argentina, where it is known from southwestern Catamarca Province.
The Corsican wildcat is a subspecies of the wildcat found on the island of Corsica.
The IUCN red list of threatened species lists this as a synonym for the gray climbing mouse.
Waterbuck inhabit scrub and savanna areas along rivers, lakes and valleys.
It is in the family Soricidae and is endemic to China.
Przewalski's horse had reached the brink of extinction but was reintroduced successfully back into the wild.
The black-footed shrew is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.
The wildebeests, also called gnus, are a genus of antelopes, scientific name Connochaetes.
Both species are sometimes kept as pets, but males can be territorial to others of the same species.
Tranieri's tateril is a species of gerbil found in Mali and Mauritania.
There is some doubt as to whether Cimolodon is within this taxon.
The recently described Omura's whale, was formerly considered a "pygmy" form of Bryde's, but is now recognized as a distinct species.
It is found in Russia, northeast China, and Japan.
A male dunnart's Y chromosome is the smallest known mammalian Y chromosome.
Fossil remains were found in strata dating to the Kimmeridgian of Guimarota, Portugal.
It is native to Africa, where it occurs in Cameroon and the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
It is one of the eight cloud rats found only in the Philippines, and is specifically endemic to Dinagat Island.
The underparts are grayish, with a white patch at the throat.
The East African highland shrew is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.
Canyon mice eat seeds, green vegetation, and insects.
It is endemic to the United States.
It is superficially similar to the pine marten, but differs from it by its smaller size and habitat preferences.
It is found mainly in the state of Minas Gerais in southeastern Brazil, though Charles Darwin mentions it during his trip through present-day Uruguay.
Like Equidae more broadly, Equus has numerous extinct species known only from fossils.
Mice build long intricate burrows in the wild.
It is considered one of the most endangered of all Neotropical primates.
The side of the body has a distinct margin where the upper and the under-coat meet.
Melonycteris is a genus of megabat in the family Pteropodidae.
Notably, the scutes on its head were so developed that they formed horns protecting its eyes.
It is found in Colombia and Venezuela.
All species have thick, soft fur, which is considered valuable in some cultures.
It is smaller than its close relative, the gray wolf, and slightly smaller than its other close relatives, the eastern wolf and the red wolf.
They are widely regarded as very dangerous animals, as they gore and kill over 200 people every year.
Subsequently, it was also discovered in Bhutan, where it was observed and photographed in the Trashi Yangshi area in 2006.
In 1999, zoologist Jan Van der Made from the Museo Nacional de Ciencias Naturales, Spain assigned it to the genus Asoriculus.
Raccoons are noted for their intelligence, with studies showing that they are able to remember the solution to tasks for up to three years.
Bongos are characterised by a striking reddish-brown coat, black and white markings, white-yellow stripes and long slightly spiralled horns.
The West Indian manatee or "sea cow" is a manatee, and the largest surviving member of the aquatic mammal order Sirenia.
The white-toothed tuco-tuco is a species of rodent in the family Ctenomyidae.
A common feature of the family Vespertilionidae is a tail that is located completely within the uropatagium.
Females separate from the band to give birth, typically in the fall.
This species has two subspecies, P. c. capistratus and P. c. ennisae.
This stripe is bordered by smaller stripes that are white.
It is the only member of the genus Tscherskia.
Sloths are mammals classified in the families Megalonychidae and Bradypodidae.
It is found only in the highlands of northwestern Ethiopia.
Fossils assigned to Euryzygoma suggest that the last species went extinct in the Quaternary extinction event.
Peccaries usually measure between 90 and 130 cm in length, and a full-grown adult usually weighs about 20 to 40 kg.
Nothocyon is an extinct genus of carnivoran which inhabited North America during the late Oligocene.
Onohippidium is an extinct genus of horse that lived in the Americas during the Pleistocene.
They often live directly underneath Spanish bayonet or prickly pear plants.
Most recent studies show that most wolves contain some level of coyote DNA.
The Bale shrew is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.
The young are born toothless, without fur, and will stay with their mother for three months before leaving to live on their own.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and moist savanna.
Pebble-mound mice are a group of rodents from Australia in the genus Pseudomys.
The caribou rarely travel more than 150 km from their winter feeding grounds to the summer ones.
It once occupied almost all areas of mainland Australia, but is now found only in tall grasslands in northern Australia.
The golden-mantled ground squirrel is a ground squirrel found in mountainous areas of western North America.
These specimens were described by Isidore Geoffroy Saint-Hilaire in 1834 in whose opinion they did not differ sufficiently from Tupaia tana to assign a specific rank.
This Chinese subspecies is thought to be extinct.
The Northern South American cougar is not only a subspecies of the cougar, but also its nominate subspecies.
It is one of the smallest muntjac species, at about 15 kg, half the size of the Indian muntjac.
The Formosan black bear, also known as the white-throated bear, is a subspecies of the Asiatic black bear.
It is found in Angola, Republic of the Congo, Mozambique, South Africa, Tanzania, Zambia, and Zimbabwe.
This is the only known Upper Cretaceous Mongolian multituberculate not to belong to the family Djadochtatherioidea.
It was found in strata dating to the Maastrichtian of the Sinpetru Beds of the Hațeg Formation in Romania.
Currently, most moose are found in Canada, Alaska, New England, Fennoscandia, Latvia, Estonia and Russia.
It is endemic to Brazil, and was named in honor of Hermann von Ihering.
The Southeastern Spanish ibex inhabits the Sierra Nevada, Sierra de las Nieves National Park, Sierra de Cazorla, Sierra de Grazalema, Montes de Malaga, in Andalucia.
It is the only known member of the genus Pharotis, which is closely related to Nyctophilus.
The short-eared dog, also known as the short-eared zorro and small-eared dog, is a unique and elusive canid species endemic to the Amazonian basin.
The fur is brownish above and grayish white below with a faint orange tinge.
The rats have been found in rocky outcrops and on mountainsides with loose stones, as well as hilly grasslands and low open shrubland or woodland.
The rough-toothed dolphin is a species of dolphin that can be found in deep warm and tropical waters around the world.
Bematherium is an extinct genus of sheep-sized marsupial from the Late Oligocene of Riversleigh, Queensland, in Australia.
The shoulder height is 67–80 cm and the head and body length 105–144 cm.
Sloanbaatar is a mammal genus that lived in Mongolia during the Upper Cretaceous.
This is due to the inaccessibility of their habitat.
The northern species, the Florida short-faced bear, was extinct 11 000 years ago.
The breeding season lasts from April through to August.
Plesiadapis means "near-Adapis", which is a reference to the Eocene lemuriform, Adapis.
Borhaenids are not true marsupials, but members of a sister taxon, Sparassodonta.
The upper molar row is 4.13 mm long, which makes J. anoblepas the largest known species of Juliomys.
Bushbuck are found in rain forests, montane forests, forest-savanna mosaics, and bush savanna forest and woodland.
It lies within the suborder "Plagiaulacida" and family Paulchoffatiidae.
The species is known from subfossil bones found in a variety of caves in northern, western, southern, and central Madagascar.
It coexisted with some of the late dinosaurs.
It is the latest Miocene fossil ape that has been discovered in the entire world.
When threatened by a predator, Tolypeutes species frequently roll up into a ball.
The Mexican harvest mouse is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.
Their habitat is forest, especially semideciduous and gallery.
Peters' striped mouse or Peters' hybomys is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
In general, they are more terrestrial oriented than other possums, and in some ways might parallel primates.
The Cuban evening bat is a species of bat in the vesper bat family, Vespertilionidae, that is endemic to western Cuba.
It is the only species in the Peromyscus crinitus species group.
It is found in the state of Chihuahua in Mexico and in Texas and New Mexico in the United States.
Hutterer's brush-furred mouse or Hutterer's brush-furred rat is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
Its decreasing numbers are due to habitat clearance or destruction and predation from domesticated cats and dogs.
By the late 1960s, it occurred in small numbers in the Gulf Coast of western Louisiana and eastern Texas.
Therefore, any mink without the patch is certainly of the American species.
The protagonist, Paul Atreides, is called Muad'Dib, a fremen word for kangaroo mouse.
Ovis is a genus of mammals, part of the goat-antelope subfamily of the ruminant family Bovidae.
The ashy-headed flying fox or North Moluccan flying fox is a species of bat in the family Pteropodidae.
Heteropsomys is an extinct genus of rodent in the family Echimyidae.
Its Inuktitut name "umingmak" translates to "the bearded one".
They defend their territory by shouting and chasing off intruders, but rarely engage in actual fighting.
The Tumbala climbing rat is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.
Like other Solenodon species, it was a nocturnal, burrowing, shrew-like mammal with a long snout, that fed on insects.
The oribi reaches nearly 50–67 centimetres at the shoulder and weighs 12–22 kilograms.
It was found on the island of Jamaica and likely became extinct before the end of the Pleistocene.
The Mount Isarog shrew mouse is a species of rodent in the family Muridae found only in the Philippines.
Hind foot size is 18 mm, ear length of 21 mm and with a weight of 14-25 grams.
It was probably an omnivore, like its relative, Arctocyon, eating fruit, eggs, insects and small mammals.
Like all stink badgers, the Palawan stink badger was once thought to share a more recent common ancestor with badgers than with skunks.
Human activities have threatened wild equine populations and out of the seven living species, only the plains zebra remains widespread and abundant.
The marmoset rat is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
Along with their relatives, viscachas, they make up the family Chinchillidae.
The small woolly bat is a species of vesper bat in the family Vespertilionidae.
This small, 30-cm-long creature probably lived in large freshwater lakes, like present day beavers.
Reeder, 2005: Mammal Species of the World: A Taxonomic and Geographic Reference.
It is likely not threatened and is adaptable to habitat loss.
They live in all oceans except for the Arctic and Antarctic Circle area.
This specimen was discovered at the fossil locality of La Venta in the departments of Huila and Tolima in Colombia.
The Murininae are a subfamily of bats in the family Vespertilionidae.
The dark-nosed small-footed myotis is a species of mouse-eared bat in the family Vespertilionidae, described in 1890, and indigenous to Canada, Mexico, and the United States.
When the species was first described, only the posterior section of the jaw was known.
Some sources consider it a subspecies of the mountain gazelle.
The monito del monte or colocolo opossum, Dromiciops gliroides, also called chumaihuén in Mapudungun, is a diminutive marsupial native only to southwestern South America.
As a rule, tenrecs tend to be small animals varying from 4 cm to 39 cm in length.
Neville S. Pledge first visited the type locality in 1983 and collected two boulders.
The Arctic shrew, also known as the blackback shrew or saddlebacked shrew, is a medium-sized shrew found in Canada and the northern United States.
The African long-fingered bat is a species of vesper bat in the family Vespertilionidae.
The fin whale is a large baleen whale that belongs to the Cetacean order, which includes all species of whale, dolphin and porpoise.
As the devil and thylacine are similar, the extinction of the co-existing thylacine species has been cited as evidence for an analogous history for the devils.
In Sri Lanka, they can attain slightly greater sizes than their mainland cousins.
Once the most widespread of Asian rhinoceroses, the Javan rhinoceros ranged from the islands of Java and Sumatra, throughout Southeast Asia, and into India and China.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
They have also been known to rub millipedes against their fur, especially in the rainy seasons, as a potential means of mosquito repellent.
Members of this subfamily were regarded as possessing one of the longest forelimbs and shortest hindlimbs in relation to each other out of all extinct animals.
Xanclomys is a small mammal from the Paleocene of North America.
Uhen 2005 erected the genus to avoid the nomen dubium Pontogeneus.
Peary caribou feed on most of the available grasses, Cyperaceae, lichen and mushrooms.
Its diet consists principally of earthworms and other soil life, but the mole will eat vegetable matter.
The Beccari's shrew is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.
Its relationships are currently unclear; it has been placed in both Oryzomyini and Thomasomyini in the past.
The gestation period lasts 126 days, and is thus comparably short, usually only one young is born.
The IUCN classifies this opossum as least concern.
The specific name is derived from the prefix eu, "well", and trigonus, "three-cornered" in reference to the remarkable tricuspidate pattern of the upper molars.
The Japanese water shrew, also called the flat-headed water shrew, is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.
Population densities are usually below 10 per ha and home ranges vary from 0.23 to 0.37 ha, depending on sex and geography.
The Yangochiroptera, or Vespertilioniformes, is a proposed suborder of Chiroptera that includes most of the microbat families, except the Rhinopomatidae, Rhinolophidae, Hipposideridae and the Megadermatidae.
The species can be identified from its pointed, bifid sella.
Most anomalurid species roost during the day in hollow trees, with up to several dozen animals per tree.
The northern free-tailed bat is a species of bat in the family Molossidae.
The Myodini are a tribe of forest voles in the subfamily Arvicolinae.
It was downlisted to Least Concern in 2016.
Like all lorises it is arboreal, and moves slowly across vines and lianas instead of jumping from tree to tree.
The Climacoceratidae are also placed in the superfamily, but were originally placed within the family Palaeomerycidae.
It is the ancestor of domestic cattle.
The Madagascan pygmy shrew is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Horses in the subspecies caballus are domesticated, although some domesticated populations live in the wild as feral horses.
Formerly, it was considered a subspecies of the common treeshrew.
Kvabebihyrax kachethicus is an extinct hyrax from the Pliocene of the Caucasus.
The genus currently contains the following species:
The walia ibex is also known as the Abyssinian ibex.
They are more closely related to Mus than to Rattus.
A more recent discovery by Ward et al.
They feed on aquatic animals and insects they can find and capture.
The red-handed howler is a vulnerable species of howler monkey, a type of New World monkey.
Its distinctive features include disproportionately large eyes, whence its scientific name, and complex, trilling and siren-like vocalizations.
It is found in Central America, from Chiapas, Mexico, to western Panama.
The genus name comes from the Latin world "silva" which means "forest" and "sorex", which means "shrew-mouse".
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
Boehm's gerbil, Gerbilliscus boehmi, is a species of gerbil found in Angola, Burundi, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Kenya, Malawi, Mozambique, Rwanda, Tanzania, Uganda, and Zambia.
It is found in Angola, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Rwanda, Tanzania, and Uganda.
It contains at least one species, Pristinictis connata.
It remained described as such, while the Edwards's long-tailed giant rat went back and forth between the genera Rattus and Leopoldamys.
The Arnhem leaf-nosed bat is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae.
The savanna shrew is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.
Scientists consider only 30% of Canada’s boreal woodland caribou populations to be self-sustaining."
Alternatively, they are known as the plesiometacarpal deer, due to their ankle structure being different from the telemetecarpal deer of the Capreolinae.
They are now kept at the Peabody Museum of Natural History at Yale University.
Hares and jackrabbits are leporids belonging to the genus Lepus.
It is found in Democratic Republic of the Congo, Rwanda, and Uganda.
Humboldt big-eared brown bat is a species of vesper bat in the family Vespertilionidae.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, hot deserts, and temperate desert.
The gregarious short-tailed rat is a species of rodent in the family Nesomyidae.
Oryzomys nelsoni is an extinct rodent of María Madre Island, Nayarit, Mexico.
Rhinotitan is an extinct genus of brontothere from the Eocene of China.
The checkered elephant shrew or checkered sengi is a species of elephant shrew in the family Macroscelididae.
Rabbits were first domesticated in the Middle Ages and are used as sources of food, fur, and wool, as research subjects, and as pets.
Included in this family are Malagasy rats and mice, climbing mice, African rock mice, swamp mice, pouched rats, and the white-tailed rat.
The bat also eats flowers from the coconut tree and sisal plant and the leaves of the grey mangrove tree.
It is found in Algeria, Libya, Morocco, and Tunisia.
It is found in the Aru and Kai islands and the Trans Fly savanna and grasslands ecoregion of Papua Province of Indonesia, and Papua New Guinea.
The Panamint kangaroo rat is a species of rodent in the family Heteromyidae.
The La Touche's free-tailed bat is a species of bat in the family Molossidae.
The moon striped mouse or Ruwenzori hybomys is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
It is endemic to Borneo and found in Indonesia and Malaysia.
The animals were buried alongside people in ancient Inca tombs at Machu Picchu in Peru.
Diunatans is an extinct genus of rorqual.
It is the only species classified in the genus Halichoerus.
Though there is strong anatomical and molecular support for the monophyly of Tethytheria, the interrelationships between the included taxa remain disputed.
Little is known on the ecology of the species, and only some information on habitat and diet is available.
They possess a long snout, a long slender tail, external ears, and small forefeet unspecialized for burrowing.
Macaca majori, commonly known as the dwarf macaque, is a prehistoric macaque from the Pleistocene of Sardinia, Italy.
This species was discovered in northeastern Cambodia in the Van Sai Protected Forest.
Besides humans, Formosan Rock Macaques are the only native primates living in Taiwan.
New species have previously been christened with great enthusiasm, and much reidentification has also occurred.
Two other species from the Cayman Islands remain undescribed.
Its range includes eastern Ecuador and Peru.
Brockman’s gerbil, Gerbillus brockmani is distributed mainly in Somalia and is only known from the type locality, Burao in northern Somalia.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
A similar but smaller species, Marcano's solenodon, once lived on the island, but became extinct after European colonization.
This rodent owes its name Malpaisomys to the Spanish word malpaís, denoting the lava fields where its fossil remains are sometimes found in cavities.
This species is extremely rare, and has been listed by the IUCN as endangered.
It is one of the larger bats of this region and is omnivorous.
A third species, the Caribbean monk seal, is extinct.
It is one of six extant species of quolls.
The large vlei rat is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
The long-tailed house bat or long-tailed serotine bat is a species of vesper bat found in Kenya, Lesotho, Malawi, Mozambique, Namibia, South Africa, Zambia, and Zimbabwe.
Other members of the genus are smaller, however, and Procoptodon gilli is the smallest of all of the sthenurine kangaroos, standing ~1m tall.
Females give birth to a single young.
It uses loud barks, visual and postural movements and the flehmen response to communicate and warn others of danger.
It is known as හික් මීයා in Sinhala.
It has an average lifespan of about 2 years and a gestation period of about 30–35 days.
It was the first stage in the evolution of the steppe and tundra elephants and an ancestor of the woolly mammoth of later glacial periods.
Thomasomys ucucha, also known as the ucucha thomasomys, is a rodent in the genus Thomasomys of the family Cricetidae.
Prior to commercial whaling in the North Pacific the populations in the North Pacific probably were over 20,000 animals.
It is found only in Costa Rica.
It is found in three regions: Mizpe Ramon and Sede Boqer in the Negev Desert, and Sartaber at the northern edge of the Judean Desert.
The Kinda baboon is a subspecies of baboon present in the miombo woodlands of Angola, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Zambia, and possibly western Tanzania.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.
Fossils found in Japan were originally regarded to belong to those of tigers, but being discovered later that at least some belong to lions.
The sandhill dunnart is a species of small carnivorous Australian marsupial of the family Dasyuridae.
It is found from southern Tamaulipas in Mexico, through much of Central America and across northern South America as far east as Trinidad.
It is native to China and Mongolia.
The markings in some subspecies are duller, and C. prevostii pluto from northeastern Borneo is reddish-orange below and black above.
Palaeotragus primaevus is the older species, being found in early to mid-Miocene strata, while Palaeotragus germaini is found in Late Miocene strata.
Initially was classified in a proper family, Nanocuridae, in clade Eutheria, but a reanalysis of a new specimen reveal a deltharoid affinity of the genus.
The groove-toothed flying squirrel or North Chinese flying squirrel is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae.
The Turkish hamster, also referred to as Brandt’s hamster, Azerbaijani hamster, or avurtlak, is a species of hamster native to Turkey, Armenia and other surrounding nations.
Sheep husbandry is practised throughout the majority of the inhabited world, and has been fundamental to many civilizations.
The species is named after Sir Frederick Lugard who sent one of the specimens to Andrews.
Stegomastodon is an extinct genus of gomphothere, a family of proboscideans.
It was a member of the also extinct order of Multituberculata, and lived with such dinosaurs as Iguanodon.
The sole member of its genus, the oribi was first described by the German zoologist Eberhard August Wilhelm von Zimmermann in 1782.
Unique to the islands, the mouse is believed to have arrived on the boats of Viking settlers more than a millennium ago.
The Kashmir pygmy shrew is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.
It is sometimes considered a subspecies of the Alpine ibex.
Barbour's rock mouse is a species of rodent in the family Nesomyidae.
They are housed at the zoo of Curitiba and at the zoo of Sorocaba, Brazil.
Although a wild animal, the house mouse mainly lives in association with humans.
The head is pointy, so this squirrel resembles a mouse or a treeshrew.
Sivatherium is an extinct genus of giraffid that ranged throughout Africa to the Indian Subcontinent.
This species occurs in southwestern Argentina and adjacent Chile.
The southern marsupial mole is a mole-like marsupial found in the western central deserts of Australia.
Protypotherium is an extinct genus of notoungulate mammals native to South America during the Miocene epoch.
The uropatagium is well-furred and the palate is concave.
It has been found in areas under cultivation.
These burrows, which may house several badger families, have extensive systems of underground passages and chambers and have multiple entrances.
The most recent date obtained is about 9600 B.P.
Catopuma is a genus containing two small Asian felines, the bay cat and the Asian golden cat.
Preble's meadow jumping mouse is a subspecies of jumping mouse, endemic to the upland habitats of Colorado and Wyoming in North America.
It is similar in ecology to the Yarkand deer in occupying riparian corridors surrounded by deserts.
Leach's single leaf bat, also known as Greater Antillean long-tongued bat, is a species of bat in the family Phyllostomidae.
The Gopher ecosystem is often regarded as the effective predecessor of the World Wide Web.
The conservation status of this endemic species continues to be investigated.
This animal's total range in Canada is estimated to be 20 km².
It is placed in the genus Tragelaphus and family Bovidae.
Like other arboreal squirrels, they are sometimes referred to as tree squirrels.
A similar species of hippo, the Cretan dwarf hippopotamus existed on the island of Crete, but became extinct during the Pleistocene.
Subfamily Sminthopsinae: dunnarts, kultarr, planigales, and ningauas
It rarely exceeds 5.8 cm in body length, with a tail 6-7.6 cm long and a weight of 5-9.4g.
Henkelotherium is an extinct genus of mammal from the Late Jurassic Camadas de Guimarota.
Peligrotherium is an extinct dryolestoid from the Paleocene of Patagonia, originally interpreted as a stem-ungulate.
It was an otter-like creature of about 80 cm long.
The two families have been united into a common infraorder or superfamily.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and arable land.
The Japanese hare is a species of hare native to Japan.
The ocelot, is a wild cat distributed extensively within South America, including the islands of Trinidad and Margarita, Central America, and Mexico.
The cinderella shrew is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.
It is omnivorous, feeding primarily on insects and vegetation, though it will take small mammals and reptiles when available.
Microtomarctus existed for approximately 7 million years.
L. hoogstraali and L. roseveari are both very poorly known, leading to their rating as Data Deficient.
Himalayacetus lived in the ancient coastline of the ancient Tethys Ocean before the Indian Plate had collided with the Cimmerian coast.
It is related to the hutias and more distantly to guinea pigs.
Neotamandua borealis ate social insects such as ants and termites.
They are about 1 m in length with small, stubby tails.
It was first named by Averianov, A.
It is called a multimammate mouse because it can have 8 to 12 pairs of mammae, in comparison other mouse species only have 5 pairs.
T. macknessi was a quadrupedal marsupial predator, that in appearance looked similar to a dog with a long snout.
It is found in western Brazil, southeastern Peru and northeastern Bolivia.
C. thibetana is known from the holotype IVPP V15908, a partially complete skull including incomplete lower jaw preserved with full dentition.
Leakey in 1987, and the type species is S. enjiessi, which existed during the Miocene of Kenya.
The Heck's macaque is a macaque of the Sulawesi island, Indonesia.
The most recent common ancestor of Yinpterochiroptera, corresponding to the split between Rhinolophoidea and Pteropodidae, is estimated to have occurred 60 million years ago.
The northwestern deer mouse or Keen's mouse is a species of rodents in the family Cricetidae.
Leopard cat subspecies differ widely in fur colour, tail length, skull shape and size of carnassials.
Ctenacodon,also known as Allodon, was named by Othniel Charles Marsh in 1879.
It is a member of the genus Connochaetes and family Bovidae.
These deer typically weigh 24–48 kg, but exceptional males may get as large as 65 kg.
It is found in Belize, Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Mexico, and Nicaragua.
Because of this, A. belzebuth is listed as endangered by the IUCN.
It is one of about 20 species of the genus Reithrodontomys and is not a true mouse.
The holotype is an upper molar, and it is the only specimen of Sahnitherium.
The Panay shrew is a species of shrew from the Philippines.
Gymnures are relatives of hedgehogs but lack the prickly spines.
Baer's hylomyscus or Baer's wood mouse is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
Hodgson's bat, also called the copper-winged bat, is a species of vesper bat in the genus Myotis, the mouse-eared bats.
The Philippine gray flying fox is a species of flying fox in the family Pteropodidae.
Shrews have sharp, spike-like teeth, not the familiar gnawing front incisor teeth of rodents.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Typically diurnal, the oribi is active mainly during the day.
The field vole or short-tailed vole is a grey-brown vole, around four inches in length, with a short tail.
It seems to have been a rather specialized creature, judging by the dentary.
The three species of New World flying squirrels, genus Glaucomys, are the only species of flying squirrel found in North America.
It lives in the dry areas of Western Australia.
Neacomys paracou, also known as the Paracou neacomys or Paracou bristly mouse, is a rodent species from South America in the genus Neacomys.
Kellen's dormouse is a species of rodent in the family Gliridae.
The line delineating the boundary between the two colours is usually straight.
Its face is characterized by a fleshy noseleaf and four white stripes.
It is different from its closest relative, the Luzon hairy-tailed rat, in its cytochrome b sequence, moderate body size, colour patterns, and skull structure.
Nevertheless, some fall prey to large carnivores.
It can be found in Brunei, Indonesia, and Malaysia.
The aardwolf is a small, insectivorous mammal, native to East and Southern Africa.
The IUCN has listed its conservation status as being of "least concern".
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
It is endemic in the Philippine forests and woodlands, but especially in the mangrove forests of western central Philippines— particularly in Palawan, the Visayas, and Mindanao.
While stocks have partially recovered, entanglement in fishing gear, collisions with ships and noise pollution continue to impact the population of 80,000.
Both Mandrillus species have long furrows on either side of their elongated snouts.
It is found in South Africa and Swaziland.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
The eastern or Queensland tube-nosed bat is a megabat in the family Pteropodidae that lives in north-eastern Australia.
It is insectivorous, but otherwise little is known about its behavior and diet.
"Albion" refers to England, while, "baatar" is Mongolian, meaning "hero".
Other common English names: fat-tailed jird, fat-tailed rat, beer mat gerbil.
The base of the tail is dark while the distal half is scaly white.
This population is distinctively darker and could soon be a new subspecies.
It eats insects, worms, snails, small mammals and seeds.
It is endemic and exclusive to the island of Crete, Greece.
It hunts insects using echolocation, emitting a variable pattern of calls.
A shrew or shrew mouse is a small mole-like mammal classified in the order Eulipotyphla.
The gray flying fox is a species of flying fox in the family Pteropodidae.
Approximately 10,000 southern right whales are spread throughout the southern part of the Southern Hemisphere.
Unlike modern placental mammals, Zalambdalestes had an epipubic bone, meaning it was probably restricted reproductively in the same way as modern monotremes and marsupials.
It has three subspecies and no known fossils.
The cactus mouse is a species of rodents in the family Cricetidae.
It is found only in the Western Ghats of South India, where it is restricted to the locations of Eravikulam National Park, Avalanche, Kalapatti, and Coonoor.
The genus diverged from a common ancestor of the other koala genera Nimiokoala, Litokoala, and Phascolarctos, which contains the living koala.
In particular, groups form a clear dominance hierarchy where only dominant pairs breed.
Nehring's wolf is an extinct species of canid.
The Asiatic short-tailed shrew is one of three species of shrew in the genus Blarinella.
Its natural habitats are tropical cloud forests and streams at elevations from 2500 to 2700 m. It feeds on snails and possibly small fish.
It is completely dependent on forest habitat, making it particularly susceptible to deforestation.
Its sharp, rounded claws aid in digging burrows.
Of these, two can still be found on the Iberian Peninsula, but the remaining two are now extinct.
Its dorsal fur is gray brown to dark brown.
Tetheopsis is an extinct genus of Uintatheriidae.
Patriocetus is an extinct genus of toothed whale.
In the wilderness, males seldom live longer than 10 to 14 years, as injuries sustained from continual fighting with rival males greatly reduce their life span.
Surameryx is an extinct genus of herbivorous even-toed ungulates belonging to the extinct family Palaeomerycidae.
In winter, it relies on plant exudates, such as sap and tree gum.
Pitheciinae is a subfamily of the New World monkey family Pitheciidae.
It is found in South and Southeast Asia, where it is known as තල වවුලා by Sinhalese people in Sri Lanka.
The flat-headed shrew is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.
It is also known as the woodmouse, particularly in Texas.
Akodontini is the second most speciose rodent tribe of the subfamily Sigmodontinae.
Like the other great apes, orangutans are highly intelligent, displaying advanced tool use and distinct cultural patterns in the wild.
Native to tropical Central Africa, it is found in forests in Burundi, Rwanda, Democratic Republic of the Congo and Uganda.
More recently, it was also recorded in the western Terai of Nepal.
The Balbaridae are an extinct family of basal Macropodoidea.
The coarse fur is buff to reddish above and white to buff below.
