Super Dimensional Fortress Macross II: Lovers Again was the first instalment in the Macross franchise to feature a new cast of characters.
The show features many of the characters from the original Futakoi, though the story and settings are completely different.
Triage X, Toriāji Ikusu) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Shōji Satō.
It is also available online on Shogakukan's mobile app MangaONE, beginning in December 2014.
Kokkuri-san is a Japanese manga series by Midori Endō, serialized in Square Enix's Gangan Joker since 2011.
The side-story manga series, A Certain Scientific Railgun, began serialization in Dengeki Daioh in February 2007.
Her works are popular among pre-teen and teenage girls.
Fraternal love, ecology and respect for all living things are the backbone themes of this story.
The appearance of the robot remains similar to the original Mazinger, but with a more modern look.
It is a fantasy adventure tale about a young girl called Yuuki Wakasa, who one day acquires a magical red stone.
Media Factory has published eleven volumes since 2012 under their MF Bunko J imprint.
A live-action film adaptation titled Alita: Battle Angel is scheduled for release on July 20, 2018.
The anime was licensed for an English-language release by Funimation.
A drama CD series was released in 2005–2006 and a 25 episode anime adaptation aired in 2008.
Miracle Girls is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Nami Akimoto.
Funimation has licensed the anime for distribution in North America.
It was originally serialized in Shukan Shōnen Kingu in Japan in 1970 and was published in English translation in 2007.
Glitter Force Doki Doki, known in Japan as DokiDoki!
A single-volume drama novelization was also created.
The series is set in the far future where humans now live in space colonies orbiting far from Earth.
It was made into a manga illustrated by Hotaru Odagiri, which has been licensed in the United States by Digital Manga Publishing.
These shorts star the Tachikoma "think-tanks" from the main series, and they typically relate directly to the story of the preceding Stand Alone Complex episode.
However, at this school, there are still mandatory subjects taught on love and romance, much to the dislike of Kōichirō.
Whispered Words is a Japanese yuri manga series written and illustrated by Takashi Ikeda.
Venus in Love, also known as Love for Venus, is a shōjo manga by Yuki Nakaji.
Wild Life is a Japanese manga series by Masato Fujisaki about a high school juvenile delinquent, Tesshō Iwashiro, working to become a veterinarian.
A complete DVD set was released on March 24, 2005.
Angel Nest, is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Erica Sakurazawa.
It first appeared as a serial in the monthly manga magazine Comic Gum from March, 2000 to March 27, 2008.
However, physicalists like Daniel Dennett counter that Chalmers's physiological zombies are logically incoherent and thus impossible.
My Girlfriend is a T-Rex is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Sanzo.
A PlayStation 2 version, called Tōka Gettan: Kōfū no Ryōō, was released on October 1, 2009, with adult content removed.
The game was also released on Steam in February 18, 2016 and for the PlayStation 4 in March 2017.
The series follows Kōta Shibaki, a high school student, who trains with a witch named Rurumo through the use of magic tickets.
Little Butterfly is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Hinako Takanaga.
The manga won Best General Manga at the 40th Kodansha Manga Awards.
Kishin Corps, also called Alien Defender Geo-Armor: Kishin Corps, is a series of Japanese light novels written and illustrated by Masaki Yamada.
It was originally published in Japan in 1970 and 1971.
It is licensed in English by Digital Manga Publishing, which published Fake Fur in April 2007.
It was serialised in Shogakukan's Weekly Young Sunday from 2005 to 2006.
Subplots, often of one or two chapters in length, include such as introduce important characters, and others to help develop motivations of leading characters.
Set 20 years after the original series ended, it ran in Big Comic Original from 2012 to 2014 and was collected into a single volume.
After the closure of Geneon USA, the series was relicensed by Sentai Filmworks.
The series has been licensed in North America by Media Blasters.
In western countries the anime was released as a set of four VHS tapes, and censored for violent images.
The Color of Love is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Kiyo Ueda.
First published in Kadokawa Mystery, the series later transferred to the companion publication Shōnen Ace, and now published in the magazine Young Ace.
It was adapted into an anime television series and an anime film.
It began serialization in Princess in June 1995.
It is also licensed in France by Delcourt/Akata and in Italy by Hazard Edizioni.
Geneon Entertainment acquired the North American release rights for Gankutsuou and released it under the title Gankutsuou: The Count of Monte Cristo.
The English dub is distributed by MVM Films in the United Kingdom and Madman Entertainment in Australia and New Zealand.
The OVAs were licensed by Central Park Media, while Manga Entertainment licensed it in the UK and Australia, with a different English dub.
It focuses on a group of elementary school girls, led by Doremi Harukaze, who become witch apprentices.
R.O.D: Read or Die is a series of light novels authored by Hideyuki Kurata, published under Shueisha's Super Dash Bunko imprint.
2: Onii-chan to Go nin no Imouto no Motto!
The motif of the story are Chinese wuxia drama and novels.
A sequel film was released on July 12, 2014.
Doll is a science fiction josei manga by Mitsukazu Mihara.
A total of four specials were created and aired.
Additional merchandise includes three art books, three picture books, and a drama CD.
Code Geass first ran in Japan on MBS from October 5, 2006, to July 28, 2007.
It was followed by an all-ages version for the PlayStation 2, and was released on August 25, 2005.
Eight volumes were published between December 2005 and September 2013.
For the first 23 episodes, the opening theme is "La♪ La♪ La♪ Suite PreCure♪" by Mayu Kudou whilst the ending theme is "Wonderful↑ Powerful↑ Music!!"
However, the most notable change in the English dub is that three opening themes and three ending themes are used.
It was adapted into an original video animation by Toei Animation on June 21, 2007.
!, also known as Hip Whip Girl, is a Japanese sports manga series written and illustrated by Daichi Sorayomi.
Its original release was November 13, 2000.
Marginal is a Japanese science fiction manga written and illustrated by Moto Hagio, and serialised in Petit Flower between 1985 and 1987.
Sickness Unto Death is a Japanese manga series written by Hikaru Asada and illustrated by Takahiro Seguchi.
Lover's Pledge is a 2005 yaoi manga written and illustrated by Kae Maruya.
A sequel anime project was announced on the official Twitter account of the series.
An additional 15 episodes were created and released as original video animations, bringing the total to 39 episodes.
On November 11, 2011 Feng announced work on a fan disc for the game, set to be released on February 24, 2012.
Lady Jewelpet is the sixth installment of the Jewelpet anime franchise created by Sanrio and Sega and animated by both Zexcs and Studio Comet.
It was serialized in Weekly Young Jump, published by Shueisha.
Funimation dubbed the television series, films and video games.
NOiSE is a one volume manga created by Tsutomu Nihei as a prequel to his ten-volume work, Blame!.
It first premiered in Viz's monthly manga anthology Shojo Beat in the April 2008 issue.
Shodensha published Haunted House in Japan on October 8, 2002.
It followed the manga storyline more closely than the anime series.
Other works include Partner, Andante and Honey Bitter.
During his search, he fights anyone he comes across.
Toriko is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Mitsutoshi Shimabukuro.
The series has been licensed for North American release by Kodansha Comics USA, who began releasing the series in 2015.
Maeda had thought up the concept for Charlotte long before he was approached in early 2012 to work on another anime series after Angel Beats!.
Hamtaro, known in Japan as Trotting Hamutaro, is a Japanese children's manga and storybook series created and illustrated by Ritsuko Kawai.
Phantom Quest Corp. has been compared to the concurrent manga and anime Ghost Sweeper Mikami.
Jaco the Galactic Patrolman is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Akira Toriyama.
It was published by Tokyopop in the United States.
In April 2013, Hasuike was appointed Associate Professor of economics at the Kashiwazaki-based Niigata Sangyo University, where he has taught since 2008.
Seasons 1 and 2 were broadcast in Japan on Kids Station between 2002 and 2004.
In the original attempt at American distribution, the producers created a dub under the direction of veteran voice director Jack Fletcher.
Wāqwāq is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Ryu Fujisaki.
Tokimeki Memorial is a popular dating simulation series by Konami.
It was serialized in Shueisha's Weekly Shōnen Jump magazine between September 30, 1996 and March 8, 2004.
It was published by Shodensha from 2003 to 2008 on Feel Young magazine.
Candy is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Satomi Sugita.
Literally translated, the title means "Bluer Than Indigo".
Both seasons are licensed in North America by Funimation.
The manga series is licensed for English language release in North America by Viz Media.
The English-language release of manga has been licensed in North America by Tokyopop and a German-language release in Germany by Egmont Publishing.
A 24-episode anime television series based on the manga ran from 2003 to 2004 on Fuji TV.
There, he meets rival TA pilot Miharu, with whom he seems to share a deep spiritual bond.
An anime television adaptation by Kinema Citrus aired in Japan between April and June 2013.
The 12-episode anime aired in Japan on the TV Tokyo television network between January 5 and March 22, 2010.
The series was inspired by several live-action films.
Since Toei requested a plot for Tokusatsu TV series from Yokoyama, he wrote this manga.
Xebec produced a thirteen episode anime adaptation directed by Tsuyoshi Nagasawa, unrelated to the OVAs.
In the process, Shu has to deal with the burden his ability puts on his shoulders and the horrific mystery of his past.
The series is currently unfinished but it is expected that Nagai will resume it in the future.
Following the ONA series, an OVA episode was bundled with the fourth volume of the manga, released in December 2012.
The anime was licensed by NIS America for release in North America and Hanabee Entertainment in Australia.
Many artbooks, figures, and fan-made homages have been produced for it.
It is about Kana Nakamichi and her growing experience as a newspaper deliverer, cook, and orphan.
A live action adaptation was also aired as a drama series starting April 13, 2008 starring Nako Mizusawa and Takuma Otoo.
Beauty Pop is published in English by VIZ Media under the Shojo Beat label and in French by Soleil Manga.
A sequel series, Last Exile -Fam, The Silver Wing-, aired between October 15, 2011 and March 23, 2012.
The sequel to the manga, Seito Shokun!
As Nurse Angel, she is the only person capable of protecting the Earth from world-destroying invaders.
Hoshin Engi, also known as Soul Hunter, is a Japanese manga series by Ryu Fujisaki.
A feature anime film adaptation produced by Sunrise and directed by Kazuyoshi Katayama was released on May 1, 2010.
If a manga series is popular enough, it may be animated after or even during its run.
The film is set in the city of Kōchi, on the Japanese island of Shikoku.
The first part of the film was released on Yahoo!
In 2011, it was adapted into an anime television series by J.C.Staff.
It was serialized between 1980 and 1981, with the chapters collected and published as a tankōbon in 1983.
It is in the midst of serialization in The Sneaker magazine published by Kadokawa Shoten.
After the Indian Reorganization Act of 1934, the Choctaw reconstituted their government.
Nurse Hitomi's Monster Infirmary is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Shake-O.
It was published in Japan by MediaWorks in the monthly manga magazine Dengeki Comic Gao!
It has been serialized in Weekly Young Jump since 1994, but has gone through many periods of inactivity.
It is centered on the story of a boy called Chinmi who learns Kung Fu by fighting progressively more challenging foes.
Atsushi, a "nice guy" by nature, takes in the weakened Riya the same way he takes in stray cats.
Pretty Soldier Sailor Moon is often cited with popularizing the concept of a team of magical girls and for revitalizing the magical girl genre.
A video game by Namco Bandai Games was released for the PlayStation Portable on April 26, 2012.
Smith in their search for the Rings of the Dead.
The character designer and animation director for the series was Kumiko Takahashi.
It was released in Japan in April 2010.
Gamaran chronicles the adventures of Kurogane Gama as he competes in the Grand Tournament of Unabara.
On May 1, 2012, the series was released on DVD in the US.
Dragon Eye is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Kairi Fujiyama.
Hajime no Ippo is a Japanese boxing manga series written and illustrated by George Morikawa.
After an accident where her teacher nearly dies, Hibiki comes to stay at a famous magic academy and works as a teacher herself.
Code Geass first ran in Japan on MBS from October 5, 2006, to July 28, 2007.
It was later adapted into an anime television series directed by Junichi Sato.
In 2005, Kintarō went from working as a salaryman to working for a foreign bank.
Saiyuki is a manga series by Kazuya Minekura which was serialized in G-Fantasy from 1997 to 2002.
The 11-episode series has been adapted by the animation studio Gonzo.
An anime television series adaptation of the series began airing in Japan in April 2014 with a second season began airing April 5, 2015.
The first seven were directed by Takao Nagaishi and the final two were directed by Naoki Uesugi.
The show was released on several DVDs between 2006 and 2007 in Japan, and was licensed and distributed in Taiwan and several Nordic countries.
The One I Love contains twelve independent manga stories, each focusing on an aspect of love and accompanied by an essay.
Comic anthologies, light novels and art books were also published, as were audio dramas and several music albums.
It takes place ten years before Agent Aika and follows the story of Aika's first mission when she is 16 years old.
Initial D has been adapted into several anime television and original video animations series by OB Studio Comet, Studio Gallop, Pastel, A.C.G.T and SynergySP.
Steel Fist Riku is a martial arts manga written and illustrated by Jyutaroh Nishino.
Red Colored Elegy is a one volume Japanese manga written and illustrated by Seiichi Hayashi.
The story is of an alien invasion of earth, which is opposed by Iczer-One and her schoolgirl companion Nagisa.
NG Life is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Mizuho Kusanagi.
The manga began serialization in the May 2005 issue of ASCII Media Works' monthly shōnen manga magazine Dengeki Daioh.
In Spain, Ediciones La Cúpula published the first volume in 2005.
In 1989, the manga won the Kodansha Manga Award for shōjo.
The manga was published in Weekly Shōnen Magazine and ran from 1963 to 1966.
W Juliet is a shōjo romantic comedy manga series by Emura.
Ninomiya-kun is a Japanese light novel series by Daisuke Suzuki, with illustrations by Kyōrin Takanae.
It was adapted into an anime television series in April 2007, directed by Seiji Mizushima and produced by Studio Madhouse.
An anime version aired in Japan between April and June 2007; the anime contained thirteen episodes, and two additional DVD-exclusive episodes followed.
The new anime, titled Code Geass: Lelouch of the Resurrection, will take place a few years after the events of the Zero Requiem.
Geneon Universal has produced several drama CDs.
Kadokawa Shoten collected the seven chapters into one bound volume and published it in September 1995.
666 Satan has been released internationally in Spain, France, Italy and North America, although, Viz Media changed the title to O-Parts Hunter in the latter.
The series has also been translated into other languages.
Velvet Kiss is a Japanese manga written by Chihiro Harumi which was published by Takeshobo in the magazine Vitaman.
Tokyo Underground is a manga series by Akinobu Uraku and published by Square Enix.
The series has also been adapted into a successful anime series and media franchise.
An English language version of the first season, produced by 4Kids Entertainment, aired in North America in 2005.
The new anime series, K: Return of Kings, aired from October 3, 2015 to December 26, 2015, rounding up the anime series and delivering its ending.
The second volume was released on March 31, 2007.
The RG Veda manga has been translated and released in many different languages.
It is published in Spain by Ediciones La Cúpula, in France by Taifu Comics, and in German by Carlsen Manga.
It was adapted into a live-action television series in 1974 and into four live-action films in 1974, 1975, 1976 and 2012.
Pilgrim Jäger is a historical fiction that takes place in Europe in the year 1521, at the time of the Protestant Reformation.
There are many works around Harenchi Gakuen, including numerous manga series, one live-action TV series, five live-action movies and one anime OVA.
It has been adapted in France by Tonkam.
Boy's Next Door  [sic], also known as Shōnen Zanzō, is a one-volume manga by Kaori Yuki.
The series ran in the seinen manga magazine Big Comic Superior and has been collected in 11 volumes.
Magical Warfare is a Japanese light novel series written by Hisashi Suzuki and illustrated by Lunalia.
It helped Bandai gain the 2004 Anime Company of the Year award from industry news company ICv2 in the ICv2 Retailers Guide to Anime/Manga.
In 1998, the manga received an Excellence Prize at the Japan Media Arts Festival.
The anime was also released in Korea, and it was broadcast on SBS.
Double-J is a Japanese manga series written by Eiji Nonaka and illustrated by Maru Asakura.
The series is set on a future, decimated Earth after the discovery of a mysterious, alien spacecraft dubbed "Orphan".
The manga was later compiled in Rumic World books, which are available in English from Viz Media.
Kokuriko is the Japanese pronunciation of "coquelicot" – French for corn poppy.
Magazine Special published School Rumble Z monthly from August 20, 2008 to May 20, 2009.
In 2014, the May issue of Shueisha's Bessatsu Margaret magazine announced that an anime television had been green-lit.
A manga adaptation by Michiko Usami was serialized on Flex Comix's free web comic FlexComix Blood and FlexComix Next.
It is licensed in North America by Viz Media, which serialized it in Shojo Beat magazine from October 2006 to March 2007.
The anime has been licensed by Viz Media in North America and by Madman Entertainment in Australia.
It is published in English by Viz Media.
Publications for manga, anime and others have commented on the Gin Tama manga.
Yen Press also has the rights for the digital release of the volumes in North America due to the series being a Square Enix title.
Sega Hard Girls is a Japanese multimedia project produced as a collaboration between ASCII Media Works' Dengeki Bunko imprint and video game company Sega.
Nononono is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Lynn Okamoto that began serialization in Shueisha's seinen manga magazine Weekly Young Jump in 2007.
The manga is serialised in Shinshokan's Wings.
A manga prequel called K: Memory of Red, drawn by Yui Kuroe was serialized in Kodansha's Aria between May 28, 2012 and August 15, 2013.
: Heavy Metal, Dark Fantasy is a manga by Kazushi Hagiwara.
!, alternatively known as The Lovin' "S", is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Gō Ikeyamada.
In 2008 Kobayashi released a follow-up to Cat Shit One – Cat Shit One 80.
A direct sequel was also released in manga format called Shin Attack No.1 in 1976, but it was short-lived.
Pretty Cure 5 is a Japanese anime series and the fourth installment in Izumi Todo's Pretty Cure franchise produced by Toei Animation.
The manga follows Kintarō Yajima, a former Bōsōzoku leader who, as a promise to his late wife, has become a salaryman.
An anime television series by 8-Bit aired in Japan between January and March 2013 and was simulcasted by Crunchyroll.
The chapters have been adapted into an original video animation produced by Anime International Company, and an anime series which aired from 2005 to 2006.
Neuro: Supernatural Detective has spawned a light novel, two audio albums, two video games, and other merchandise.
Sword of the Dark Ones is a manga by Tsukasa Kotobuki, and it is based on a story by Kentaro Yasui.
The anime is licensed by Funimation in North America.
The manga series was licensed for an English-language release in North America by Yen Press.
It was originally published from 1980 to 1993.
The series was adapted into an anime television series produced by Kitty Films and broadcast on Fuji Television affiliates from 1981 to 1986 with 195 episodes.
Heaven's Lost Property, is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Suu Minazuki.
It is recommended for teen readers in Germany and has been licensed in North America by Viz Media.
The series spawned manga and light novel adaptations.
The first novel was published under Media Factory's MF Bunko J imprint in April 2004, and as of December 2009, eleven novels have been released.
As a prelude to the series, the Earth of year 2167 AD is shown to be devastated by a powerful electromagnetic shockwave.
21: Two One had good sales, premiering at No.
It was packaged in double DVD sets to make up for the long delayed release of the series.
A pachinko game called CR Chameleon was released in 2008 by Taiyo Elec.
In 2008, Viz Media licensed and released the manga in North America in two omnibus volumes.
The manga was adapted into a TBS television series on April 15, 2009 and stars Atsushi Itō as Koichi Toki.
Sisters of Wellber is a fantasy anime series animated by Trans Arts.
and attempted to put more of a focus on their behavior.
The manga series was licensed for an English release in North America by Tokyopop until Kodansha allowed their contract to expire.
The Tokyopop book summary states that it is "Robin Hood meets Sailor Moon!"
It was first published as a one-shot manga in the magazine's September 2011 issue.
Okojo-san is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Ayumi Uno and serialized in LaLa.
Its story centers on the male protagonist Takaaki Kouno, and focuses on the appeal of the female main characters.
Seitokai Yakuindomo is a shōnen four-panel comic strip manga series written and illustrated by Tozen Ujiie.
Armored Trooper VOTOMS is a military science fiction mecha anime series, having undergone several incarnations.
Funimation Entertainment licensed the series in North America.
An original video animation, A Channel +smile, was released on March 21, 2012.
Although the series has its roots in action adventure, the Ganbare Goemon series has features from genres including role-playing, puzzle games, and board games.
The manga, written by Satoru Akahori and Katsumi Hasegawa and drawn by Hideaki Nishikawa, is published in English in Singapore by Chuang Yi.
The manga was later published as a single bound volume by Kadokawa Shoten.
A live-action film, directed by Katsuhiro Otomo, was released in late 2006.
Oniisama e... is a Japanese manga series by Riyoko Ikeda.
The eleventh chapter reveals that the story is set before the events of Toriyama's Dragon Ball and features some of its characters.
The G-taste comics consist of a collection of four scene erotic vignettes, which typically each focus on a particular female character.
The song was released as the album's lead single on 2 March 2015.
It aired from April 8, 2014 to July 1, 2014, and was simulcast outside Japan by Crunchyroll.
The series is relatively graphic with clear depictions of Musashi's activities, such as fighting and killing off bad guys.
It aired in Japan on WOWOW from April 4, 2001 until June 27, 2001.
A manga adaptation was serialized in Pony Canyon's Ponimaga online magazine, and a light novel series has also been published.
It was serialized in Shogakukan's Weekly Shōnen Sunday on January 19, 1994, and has been collected into 92 tankōbon volumes.
In the story, high schooler Naoki Murakami asks Haruka Mizuno to date him.
It was featured in WCG 2009, and is still a popular televised program in South Korea, where a league is active.
Wakaba Girl is a four-panel comedy manga series written and illustrated by Yui Hara and published by Houbunsha.
Kobo-chan began publication in the newspaper Yomiuri Shimbun on April 1, 1982.
Gundam Sentinel became a cult hit, due to its super-detailed mechanical designs and an intricate story by veteran writer Masaya Takahashi.
Fist of the Blue Sky is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Tetsuo Hara, with plot supervision by Buronson.
An anime television series produced by Madhouse Studios and directed by Hiroshi Koujina began airing in Japan on April 6, 2010.
The individual chapters were collected into three bound volumes by Kodansha, which released them between April 24, 2009 and April 23, 2010.
It is consumed in large quantities, either fresh or in such prepared foods as preserves, juice, pies, ice creams, milkshakes, and chocolates.
The series was adapted as a 30-episode anime television series called Ganbarist!
Battle Angel Alita: Last Order, known in Japan as Gunnm Last Order, is the continuation of the manga series Battle Angel Alita.
Ai Yori Aoshi is a Japanese seinen manga written and illustrated by Kou Fumizuki and serialized from 1998 to 2005 in Hakusensha's Young Animal.
It aired on TBS from October 17, 1989 to March 24, 1992 with a total of 103 episodes.
An anime television series adaptation by Dogakobo aired in Japan between January and March 2014.
The manga was adapted into a three-part anime original video animation that was licensed in the North America by ADV Films.
Also based on this legend are the noh titled Kurozuka, the nagauta and kabuki performance Adachigahara, and the kabuki jōruri Ōshū Adachigahara.
Both the manga and anime series were licensed by ADV Films in 2004 for distribution in North America.
Starting August 17, 2013, English dubbed episodes of B-Daman Crossfire started airing on The CW's Saturday morning block, Vortexx.
Aspects of what it is like to be a dōjin artist are common themes throughout the story.
Yuki Morisaki also works as a collaborator, providing the recipes for the series.
A manga adaptation by Yu Tachibana started serialization in the April 2008 issue of Monthly Comic Alive.
A six-part original net animation was produced in 2003, with a seventh episode included on the DVD release.
The story follows Shinya Kogami and Akane Tsunemori among other members of Unit One of the Public Safety Bureau's Criminal Investigation Division.
A manga adaptation by Kei Toru began serialization in Shueisha's Super Dash & Go!
Unlike the manga version, which was never completed, he succeeded in the final episode of the anime series.
The series premiered in Japan in Monthly GFantasy in 2004 and ended serialization in 2010.
In Southeast Asia, Singapore publisher Chuang Yi was translating Pokémon Adventures into English, and continued to translate new volumes up to volume 41.
The pinnacle that all Storm Riders hope to reach.
A Japanese film adaptation was released in July 2009.
It was serialized on Bessatsu Hana to Yume by Hakusensha and it's published in French by Pika.
Five more manga series; K: The First, Gakuen K, K: Lost small world, K: Dream of Green, and K: Return of Kings, are also still ongoing.
However, during serialization, the character '真' was added, so from 1997 to 1999, it was serialized as Shin Chūka Ichiban!!).
It was serialized between November 22, 2012 and April 3, 2015.
in December 2006, with the first tankoban released June 26, 2007, and the latest on December 24, 2009.
The manga was serialized in Square Enix's G Fantasy between the November 2000 and October 2011 issues, and the chapters are collected in 17 tankōbon volumes.
The anime premiered on April 12, 2013 and ended on June 27, 2013 with twelve episodes.
SB Creative has published twelve volumes since August 12, 2013 under their GA Bunko imprint.
Turn A Gundam is a 1999 Japanese Mecha anime series produced by Sunrise and aired between 1999 and 2000 on Japan's FNN networks.
The Windows version has been updated several times, ending with version 1.10 on September 29, 2006.
The series is published in North America by Digital Manga.
An 11-episode live action adaptation was aired on Noitamina between July and September 2010.
If the girls don't end up tearing each other apart first, that is.
Five more manga series; K: The First, Gakuen K, K: Lost small world, K: Dream of Green, and K: Return of Kings, are also still ongoing.
A four-panel comic strip adaptation of the series also appeared periodically in Mainichi Shimbun in Osaka.
An anime television series adaptation by Diomedéa aired from January 2015 to March 2015.
After a time of Rekka living in the Light world, he becomes the Kagura's cousin.
Rosario + Vampire is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Akihisa Ikeda.
The anime series was well received in Japan, being the third-ranked anime series in its timeslot while airing on Fuji TV.
An English dubbed version was released in December 2001.
In North America, Viz Media serialized an English-language translation of the series in its monthly magazine Pulp from February 2001 to August 2002.
Sorcerous Stabber Orphen is a series of Japanese fantasy adventure novel and manga, two anime television series, and a video game.
It focuses on a group of elementary school girls, led by Doremi Harukaze, who become witch apprentices.
Bokko is a manga adaptation by Hideki Mori of a novel by Ken'ichi Sakemi.
The second volume was released in 2003, but due to bad sales, the series was instantly discontinued.
The pearl is the goal of a sorcery examination where the students must retrieve it to pass.
Otherworld Barbara won the 2006 Nihon SF Taisho Award, and was the first manga in 23 years to have won this award.
The manga was originally serialized in Tokuma Shoten's Monthly Shōnen Captain, the first appearance being in the February 18 magazine beginning in 1985.
Four years later, Goku attains the power of a god and faces more challenges.
Tamagotchi and a follow-up to the movie Tamagotchi: Happiest Story in the Universe!.
Another is Alphard, Canaan's rival and also a skilled assassin and mercenary who heads a terrorist organization called Snake.
As of September 2016, a remastered version of the series airs on Animax in Japan.
Viz Media released an English-language translation in North America under the title Ral Grad beginning in February 2008.
While Geneon Entertainment will still retain the license, Funimation Entertainment will assume exclusive rights to the manufacturing, marketing, sales and distribution of select titles.
The first volume was released on November 8, 2014.
It was first serialized in the seinen magazine Dengeki Maoh in November 2006.
Later, Shueisha collected the chapters and published them in 18 tankōbon volumes.
The Secret Notes of Lady Kanoko is a shōjo manga written and illustrated by Ririko Tsujita.
It is a bildungsroman about two boys, Machizo and Tetsuo, who work together to create manga.
In 2009, the series made its American television debut on the Funimation Channel, with American broadcast rights acquired by Funimation from Viz Media.
A spinoff series, Pocket Monsters Chamo-Chamo ★ Pretty ♪, features the adventures and exploits of Clefairy and Pikachu, as well as Torchic and Mightyena.
The story centers on the struggling high school girl Yuri Muroi.
The first is about a teacher and student relationship, the second a toymaker and an android, and the third a school nurse and a student.
A 10-episode original net animation adaptation by AIC ran on niconico between July and September, 2012.
is a Japanese manga series by Hiromitsu Takeda.
A manga version was created as well.
Viz Media is the licensor of the series in the United States.
Selected chapters of the manga were released by NOW Comics in the 1990s under the title Speed Racer Classics.
Seven volumes from the Oishinbo à la Carte series were published from January 2009 to January 2010.
Both Inuyasha and Inuyasha: The Final Act aired in the United States on Adult Swim from 2002 until 2015.
The game was released alongside the original for PlayStation 4 in March 2017.
Shōnen Hollywood is a Japanese media franchise created by Ikuyo Hashiguchi.
Facing many opponents with powerful weapons and techniques, Gama must use all his skills in his quest to become the greatest swordsman in the land.
Gankutsuou is set in the far future, during the year 5053, whereas Alexandre Dumas's original novel takes place during the Bourbon Restoration.
The original series began with a six-episode OVA called Tenchi Muyo!
Shizuku-chan, was produced by TMS Entertainment and debuted on TV Tokyo in October 7, 2006.
The series is produced by Hiroaki Shibata, who produced Digimon Data Squad and written by Ryōta Yamaguchi, who wrote the scripts for The Vision of Escaflowne.
On June 1, 2009, Yu-Gi-Oh 5D's started airing 5 days a week on Cartoon Network.
Both the light novels and the manga are licensed in North America by Yen Press, with a release date of November 8, 2016.
The anime's real world locales were drawn from numerous foreign films and were planned using location scouting.
Dragon Zakura is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Norifusa Mita.
The manga is licensed in English by ADV.
Additionally, a two-part recollection film was released by Sunrise.
A manga adaptation by Kokonotsu Shinohara was serialized in Shueisha's Internet-based manga magazine Ultra Jump Egg between March 2008 and October 2009.
Although it received the Shogakukan Manga Award for children's manga in 1985, it has received mixed reviews from critics.
In the process, Shu has to deal with the burden his ability puts on his shoulders and the horrific mystery of his past.
is a detective fiction manga by Motohiro Katou.
It is the fourth installment of the Tenchi Muyo!
On July 3, 2008, Geneon Entertainment and Funimation Entertainment announced that Funimation had agreed to be the exclusive North American distributor of Geneon titles, including Karin.
The individual chapters were collected and released into ten tankōbon volumes by Kodansha.
Kadokawa Shoten compiled its chapters into twelve tankōbon bound volumes.
The weekly anime series ran on that channel from October 19, 1992, to March 21, 1994.
!, or in its short form OreTwi, is a Japanese light novel series written by Yume Mizusawa and illustrated by Ayumu Kasuga.
It has been serialized in Weekly Shōnen Sunday since June 2009, with the individual chapters collected and published into tankōbon volumes by Shogakukan.
The series was licensed in English by Viz Media.
A 13-episode anime adaptation produced by A.C.G.T and Genco aired between April and July 2003 on WOWOW in Japan.
It was serialized in Shogakukan's Ciao magazine from January 2006 to January 2014.
Later, the series was adapted into an anime series, which broadcast on WOWOW on October 6, 2006.
Tamagotchi and a follow-up to the movie Tamagotchi: Happiest Story in the Universe!.
The plot follows Kotarou Higuchi who becomes acquainted with the angel Misha, and the demon Shia.
The series was inspired by several live-action films.
It lives in Adachigahara and it is told in legends as the "Onibaba of Adachigahara."
Both were published in Japan by Kadokawa, and were published in English by Tokyopop in October and September, 2008.
Due to his looks, he is often subject to advances from his fellow co-workers Tenryu-san and Mizusawa-kun.
Selfish Love is a yaoi manga by Naduki Koujima.
The manga was licensed for a North American release by Tokyopop, which released the manga on September 9, 2003.
It was serialized in the Weekly Shōnen Jump manga anthology from 1975 throughout 1979 and was originally collected in a 29-volume tankōbon edition.
The manga has been released for iPhone, iPad and iPod Touch at Apple's iTunes App Store and it is also available in English.
The first anime series was broadcast on TBS from April 21, 1968 to March 23, 1969.
ASCII Media Works published 13 volumes between January 2010 and March 2014.
Yen Press have licensed the novels in North America.
The anime aired in Japan between April 3 and June 26, 2010.
Tokyopop published an English language release of the series in North America.
Several of the games were published by Sony Computer Entertainment in Japan.
Biblos released the manga on March 1997.
Iketeru Futari is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Takashi Sano.
It officially aired on TV Tokyo and other affiliate stations in Japan from 12 October 2009 to 3 September 2012, lasting for seven seasons.
In Japan it was published in Weekly Shōnen Jump by Shueisha's Jump Comics division.
It focuses on the eponymous protagonist, a Japanese high-school girl who finds herself pulled into various worlds populated by females who consider her appealing.
The series began receiving recognition in 2014, when it appeared in Kono Light Novel ga Sugoi!
Worst is infamous for not having any female characters.
It was published by Ohzora Publishing in Japan in October 2006, and released by Aurora Publishing in English in July 2008.
Shōnen Sunday was once specified as "harmful" in some prefectures when the series has started, because of its violent and drastic depiction.
Angel's Hill is a manga by Osamu Tezuka that began serialization in 1960.
There are currently three different manga adaptations based on the Hyakka Ryoran universe published.
Twenty-five pieces of theme music are used for the series—nine opening themes and seventeen closing themes.
Book Girl is a collection of Japanese light novels by Mizuki Nomura, with illustrations by Miho Takeoka.
Legend of Heavenly Sphere Shurato, is a Japanese manga created, written and illustrated by Hiroshi Kawamoto and later adapted to anime by Tatsunoko Production.
Viz Media, who beforehand had published Matsumoto's Black & White, released the first English-translated volume in a dust-jacket format closer to Western comics standards.
A 12-episode anime adaptation began airing in Japan on the networks BS11, AT-X, and Bandai Channel between July and September 2009.
Zero, began serialization in Square Enix's Monthly Big Gangan in October 2013.
It was adapted as a 26-episode anime television series produced by TMS Entertainment and Animax, broadcast in Japan on Animax from April to October 2004.
A trilogy of live-action film adaptations, directed by Yukihiko Tsutsumi, were released in 2008 and 2009.
Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha ViVid is a Japanese manga series written by Masaki Tsuzuki and illustrated by Takuya Fujima.
Sometimes, these crimes are solved with some prices to pay.
The manga is licensed in North America by Viz Media, and is partially available online at their website.
follows a linear plot line which offers pre-determined scenarios and courses of interaction, and its story focuses on the appeal of the four female main characters.
Green Green is a Japanese, 12-episode anime adaptation of the H-game of the same name.
Warau Michael is a manga series by Izumi Kawahara.
and Anohana: The Flower We Saw That Day.
It was serialized in Dengeki Comic Gao!
The series is known for its extravagant and richly detailed art.
Spice and Wolf is a Japanese light novel series written by Isuna Hasekura, with illustrations by Jū Ayakura.
The 30-minute episode was released in Japan on August 25, 2006.
: Shokugeki no Soma is a Japanese shōnen manga series written by Yūto Tsukuda and illustrated by Shun Saeki.
The series was started again in January 2001 and is currently running in Manga Life.
It has been adapted into a direct-to-video animated film trilogy in 1985, a 12-episode anime television series in 2004, and a video game in 1989.
The following June, an adventure game was released on the PlayStation.
line of series, succeeding Tenchi in Tokyo, localized in North America by Funimation.
It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing, which released the manga on March 25, 2008.
It has been collected in four tankōbon volumes as of November 2014.
A second season was announced for July.
Outside Japan, it was translated and published only in Hong Kong by Comicsworld in nine volumes.
Karasuma Kyoko no Jikenbo is a manga series written by Oji Hiroi and illustrated by Yūsuke Kozaki.
It has twelve volumes, the first published on 11 December 1996 and the last on 23 August 2002.
The manga was originally serialized in Shueisha's Weekly Shōnen Jump from November 1978 to November 1984.
An OVA version loosely based in the manga was released in June 21, 1985 by Japan Home Video.
Gundam Build Fighters is followed by the 2014 sequel Gundam Build Fighters Try.
Ironfist Chinmi is a Japanese manga series written by Takeshi Maekawa.
However, Cleo has a kind and forgiving nature, and will not shy away if trouble is near.
was serialized in Ciao and later adapted into a 51 episode anime series by Studio Comet, directed by Shin Misawa and with music by Takanori Arisawa.
A manga adaptation by Ryō Akizuki began serialization in Kadokawa Shoten's Young Ace magazine from October 4, 2013.
There is also a Ronin Warriors manga as well as numerous novels and audio dramas based on the anime.
On Sundays, Shinji can take part in extra activities such as shopping for items which have various effects or NERV work which unlocks new Eva equipment.
Tokyopop translated the manga series, and subtitled and partially dubbed the anime series.
It has been serialized in Akita Shoten's shōnen manga magazine Weekly Shōnen Champion since January 31, 2013.
Reviewers have found a range of themes in the series.
Chief director Katsuyuki Motohiro aimed to explore psychological themes in society's youth using dystopian storylines.
Ayana Hizuki is a half-dog, half-girl chemical science master who's also fond of Haruki.
Ordinary Crush is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Hyouta Fujiyama.
On May 15, 2008, Texas-based licensor FUNimation Entertainment announced its licensing of Strain: Strategic Armored Infantry.
Gankutsuou's unusual visual style layers Photoshop textures into digital animation, with backgrounds often rendered in 3D.
Digital Manga Publishing later acquired the license and condensed the entire series into six volumes, published from September 2010 to May 2012.
Nagai's main influence to create the work was Gustave Doré's illustrations of Dante's Divine Comedy.
Undercurrent is a drama manga by manga author Tetsuya Toyoda.
Non Non Biyori is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Atto.
is an ongoing Japanese slice of life seinen manga series written and illustrated by Naoko Matsuda and serialized on Shogakukan's Monthly Big Comic Spirits magazine.
In 2004 the anime series was licensed for distribution in North America by ADV Films and released on DVD in 2006.
It was adapted into an anime film trilogy by Polygon Pictures between November 2015 and September 2016.
It is a sequel to Kamio's Boys Over Flowers, which is the best-selling shōjo manga series of all time.
The fourth anime installment will feature 6 new episodes, and 6 'reminiscence' episodes.
While all the sequels have been released on DVD, the manga and audio dramas have not been made available in English.
As of 2016, the series has yet to be formally concluded.
An anime adaptation produced by Studio Pierrot entitled Super Gals!
On the other hand, the second series, Psycho-Pass 2, received mixed critical response stemming from its heavy use of gore as well as the new villain.
service on March 20, 2009; and the second, illustrated by Yū Midorigi, began its serialization in the manga magazine Comic Valkyrie on July 27, 2009.
Picnic is a Japanese manga anthology written and illustrated by Yugi Yamada.
It ended airing with episode twenty-five on July 12, 2009.
The Hamilton family in the novel is said to be based on the real-life family of Samuel Hamilton, Steinbeck's maternal grandfather.
A light novel and a manga adaptation have also been published.
A spin-off game, Yo-kai Watch Busters, was released in July 2015.
Two manga adaptations were published by Hakusensha and ASCII Media Works.
It detailed the situation of Rika, a young teen in need of a job, and her group Peace when they become involved in the deai-kei industry.
The existing tankōbon doesn't include the 34 pages special Naniwa - Kanjo no "Koi", published in Weekly Morning #2·3.
Arei's Mirror: Way to the Virgin Space was originally created by Leiji Matsumoto as an educational-like video aimed more at children.
Oninagi is a Japanese manga written by Akira Ishida.
It concerns a love triangle that develops between two good friends and a new girl who transfers to their high school from Tokyo.
The manga was adapted to an OVA in 1992, and was released by ADV Films in the US under the name Delinquent in Drag.
à la mode received praise as a good continuation of the series, but was also criticized for offering nothing new.
The manga series was serialized in Weekly Shōnen Jump magazine from 1996–2000 and compiled in 23 tankōbon volumes by Shueisha.
The manga adaptation Kiddy Girl-and Pure, illustrated by Yukari Higa, ran in Comp Ace and was released as two collected volumes.
Tayutama: Kiss on my Deity is a Japanese visual novel developed by Lump of Sugar.
The franchise has also spawned two companion films, various manga adaptations, and a sequel light novel series.
The title, Sola, is close in pronunciation to the Japanese word sora.
It was also adapted into a Japanese television drama.
An anime adaptation by Studio Kikan aired as part of the anthology program Eisei Anime Gekijō which was broadcast on NHK.
A manga adaptation illustrated by Takumi Yoshimura began serialization in Kadokawa Shoten's shōjo manga magazine Monthly Asuka on October 24, 2007.
Wedding Peach is a shōjo manga written by Sukehiro Tomita and illustrated by Nao Yazawa that was originally serialized in Shogakukan's Ciao magazine.
Jilin Fine Arts, in collaboration with the VIZ Media Shanghai Branch, has translated the manga into Chinese.
An anime television series adaptation by Brain's Base aired between April 6 and June 22, 2014.
It was later adapted into a live-action television drama series, an anime television series, and an anime film sequel to the television series.
A remastered version of the original series was released also, along with a special live-action edition of Agent Aika.
As such, it was only included in the DVD release of the series, although it has since been broadcast in other markets.
It was adapted into an OVA and a live action film and it was adapted into a Japanese television drama series.
Vanguard: Legion Mate, aired on Japanese TV networks from March 9, 2014 to October 19, 2014, for a total of 33 episodes.
It was created to commemorate the studio's 20th anniversary in 2004, and it is a sequel to their 1988 OVA Gunbuster.
An anime adaptation produced by GENCO, and animated by A.C.G.T, premiered on Japan's terrestrial television network TV Tokyo on April 7, 2008.
An anime began airing in February 2006 that was produced by Studio Deen.
It was originally released on September 21, 1985, March 10, 1986 and November 21, 1986 by Nippon Columbia Co., Ltd.
Takumi Nakazawa, the main scenario writer for the infinity series, is the principal writer for Myself ; Yourself.
This story was an early 20th-century Japanese folk tale performed on kamishibai.
An anime television series adaptation by Tri-Slash and Project No.9 aired between July and September 2014.
Fuji TV produced a live-action film adaptation and released on April 28, 2012.
A sequel OVA titled Gundam Build Fighters: GM's Counterattack, which takes place between Build Fighters and Build Fighters Try is officially in development.
Kizuna has also been adapted into a drama CD in 1998, and into three original video animations.
In 2013 Spike Lee directed an American remake of the 2003 Park Chan-wook film.
Love You is a Japanese manga series by author Ken Akamatsu.
In 2004 it was adapted into a live-action movie.
Her father, Satan-sama, presents her with three adult suitors.
Togashi is best known from his later works YuYu Hakusho and Hunter × Hunter, also serialized in the same publication.
The story takes place at the end of days, in the year 1999.
The series is about a late night diner which is opened from midnight to dawn and the stories of its odd-ball patrons.
Nisekoi was first published as a one-shot manga in Shueisha's seasonal Jump NEXT!
It has been collected in 14 tankōbon volumes as of October 2016.
), is a manga series by Rie Takada.
It was originally a one-shot manga that was published by Kodansha in 2005.
Her Majesty's Dog is a manga series by Mick Takeuchi.
During his search, he fights anyone he comes across.
It was also licensed in Russia by Comix-ART.
A novelization by Kazuho Hyodo has been published.
is a Japanese manga series written by Tsugumi Ohba and illustrated by Takeshi Obata, the same creative team responsible for Death Note.
Toritsu Aoizaka Kōkō Yakyūbu is a shōnen manga by Motoyuki Tanaka.
It's published in English by Viz Media.
The primary focus of the game is the appeal of the four female main characters.
The Marshmallow Times is a manga and a seven cell manga by Lun Lun Yamamoto.
Legend of Lemnear is an anime OVA directed by Kinji Yoshimoto with character designs by Satoshi Urushihara, produced by AIC.
In addition, a number of extra comics have appeared in random issues of Newtype.
It focuses on Masayoshi Hazama, a young adult who aspires to become a superhero despite having no superpowers.
It also had a short, spin-off series titled Okusama Shinkaron that focused on housewives.
Wolf Guy is a Japanese manga series of two volumes published in 1970 by Bunkasha.
Inuyashiki debuted in the January 2014 issue of Kodansha's seinen manga magazine, Evening.
Samurai Legend is a one-shot Japanese manga written by Kan Furuyama and illustrated by Jiro Taniguchi.
The anime, produced in 2005 by Gonzo Studios, closely follows the manga aside from a handful of distinctions.
The story is set in the Edo period of feudal Japan.
As of April 2011, thirteen volumes have been published by Shueisha under their Super Dash Bunko imprint.
The anime is 26 episodes in length.
There are more than ten chapters published and most of them are compiled into volumes issued by Kodansha.
It was compiled into 14 tankōbon released by Kodansha between January 23, 2008, and August 23, 2010.
A 12-episode anime television series adaptation by Brain's Base aired from January 6, 2014 to March 24, 2014.
Just like the original Galaxy Angel, the Galaxy Angel II series will have multiple games and already has a manga adaptation and comedic anime spinoff.
Each piece resembles one part of Sun Crest.
It was serialized in the semi-monthly Japanese magazine Hana to Yume, published by Hakusensha, from 1998 to 2006.
The series was adapted as a six-part original video animation in 1993.
The series takes place in the fictional city of Daikoku, a hotbed of AR development with an emerging citywide virtual infrastructure.
The manga has not been released in the North America.
The manga has also been translated into Chinese and into Dutch.
The series was adapted by Toei Animation as a 76-episode anime television series which aired on TV Asahi and Fuji TV in 1994 to 1995.
The series spans 39 anime episodes and 3 manga volumes, ending when Nanako is eighteen.
It ran for 27 episodes on Japan's TV Tokyo between April 1, 2007, and September 30, 2007.
It was followed by a second series by Lerche starting in July 2014, Re:_ Hamatora.
The manga was released in North America by Viz Media from 2004 to 2009.
It was first published in Japan by Kadokawa Shoten in September 2000.
An English version for Windows was released on Steam by Sekai Project in 2015.
is a manga written and illustrated by Atsushi Ōkubo.
Battle Royale is a Japanese manga series written by Koushun Takami and illustrated by Masayuki Taguchi.
An anime adaptation of the series by Artland aired on TV Tokyo from October 7, 2006 to September 25, 2010.
Hotaru no Hikari is a Japanese josei manga series by Satoru Hiura.
Life Is Dead is a Japanese manga series by Tomohiro Koizumi.
The anime has been licensed by Funimation Entertainment in North America.
Di Gi Charat is a Japanese manga and anime series created by Koge-Donbo.
A PC game based on the series was released in December 2015.
Theatrical stage productions debuted at the Tokyo Metropolitan Art Space in 1994 and at the Aoyama Round Theatre in 2007 and 2009.
An anime adaptation by Xebec aired on April 7, 2011 on Tokyo MX and finished on June 24, 2011.
An anime television series adaptation began airing in Japan in July 2011.
A second season titled Ghost in the Shell: S.A.C.
Music may be an escape for many people, but it traps, cages, and controls Riya.
Gunslinger Girl is a manga by Yu Aida.
An anime television series produced by OLM, Inc. began airing in Japan from January 2014 and began airing in North America from October 2015.
The original look of the B-Daman character was based on Bomberman, but the belt buckle is replaced with a "marble".
One day, while buying materials for accessories, Suguri finds an unusual rock which she thinks will look cute on a bracelet.
Trinity Blood is a series of Japanese light novels written by Sunao Yoshida with illustrations by Thores Shibamoto and originally serialized in The Sneaker.
The manga was licensed and released by CMX beginning in 2005, which came under criticism by fans for editing its sexual content.
Future Lovers is a yaoi manga series by Saika Kunieda.
The first part of the manga, was adapted as a 26-episode anime television series called Gyakkyō Burai Kaiji: Ultimate Survivor, which began airing October 2007.
An enhanced port for the PlayStation Vita titled Aiyoku no Eustia: Angel's Blessing was released on June 26, 2014.
The series has earned mixed criticism from publications for manga and anime.
Chikkun Takkun is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Shotaro Ishinomori.
This series introduces Synchro Monsters in the Yu-Gi-Oh!
In North America the manga was licensed by Tokyopop and the anime by Geneon USA; the anime license was transferred to Sentai Filmworks in 2009.
It follows Saya Suzuki, an office lady, who falls in love with her supervisor Susumu Tsuge.
The manga is also licensed in France by Panini Comics' Planet Manga imprint.
PrettyCure 5 GoGo!, which made up the franchise's fifth installment and aired between February 2008 and January 2009.
Two Max Heart movies were released on April 16, 2005 and December 10, 2005 respectively.
In March 2008 Japan's Foreign Ministry appointed Doraemon as the nation's first "anime ambassador."
Silver Spoon is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hiromu Arakawa, set in the fictional Ooezo Agricultural High School in Hokkaido.
In Taiwan, it is published by Sharp Point Press.
Blood Sucker: Legend of Zipangu is a horror themed Japanese manga series written by Saki Okuse and illustrated by Aki Shimizu.
The game contains a number of features atypical of the traditional scrolling shooter.
Reviews of the series have been very positive.
Viz Pictures licensed the film for release in the United States.
At the 2005 Japan Media Arts Festival, Kamichu!
The main character is Mai Kuju, a 14-year-old Japanese girl with powerful psychic abilities.
It was also adapted into an anime series.
The original series ended when Magazine Z ceased publication and was then revived in Monthly Shōnen Magazine under the title Shin Kamen Rider SPIRITS.
In addition, there are elements in the manga such as fan service and comedy scenes.
A manga adaptation started serialization in the shōnen magazine Jump Square on August 4, 2008.
Crunchyroll began streaming the second season to the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom on June 30, 2012.
The Guyver itself is a symbiotic techno-organic device that enhances the capabilities of its host.
On October 10, 2014, Open Beta Testing was announced, set for March 24, 2015.
In 2009 the OVA AIKa ZERO with 19-year-old Aika was released.
Appleseed is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Masamune Shirow.
Discotek Media has since licensed the anime, after ADV's closing in 2009.
The series won the 42nd Bungeishunjū Manga Award in 1996.
It began serialization in English in Shojo Beat's August 2007 issue, replacing Yume Kira Dream Shoppe.
As the homeroom teacher of class 1-B, she get into some various types of troubles.
Following Birthday's original concept in 2003, it was taken by Nihon Ad Systems and TV Tokyo and was reproduced into a full-length series in 2005.
The manga was first published in Japan in Shueisha's Weekly Shōnen Jump in July 1999, and ended publication on March 3, 2008.
The individual chapters were published by Kadokawa Shoten into fourteen collected volumes.
Steins;Gate: The Movie − Load Region of Déjà Vu is a 2013 Japanese animated film produced by White Fox.
Your and My Secret, known in Japan as lit.
In turn, Queen's Blade Rebellion will be followed by Queen's Blade Grimoire, a new series featuring a different story, with more details still to come.
The series is composed of two seasons, each composed of thirteen episodes of twenty-five minutes.
A manga illustrated by Mutsumi Akasaki was serialized in Square Enix's Gangan Online between September 2010 and November 2011.
Both versions of the series have been licensed for release in North America.
Pride is a manga series by Yukari Ichijo serialized in Chorus magazine.
It was released in Dengeki Hobby modelling magazine as a "photo novel", and it is highly unlikely it will make it over to the US.
Riku Ayakawa is drawing a manga adaptation in Kadokawa's Comp Ace magazine.
It is published by Kodansha on Monthly Afternoon magazine and five volumes compiling the chapters have been released so far.
Haikara-san ga Tōru, also known as Smart-san or Mademoiselle Anne, is a Japanese shōjo manga series by Waki Yamato.
The manga was published by Shueisha in Ribon between February 1998 and July 2000.
An animated film was released in September 2013, and a second anime season, Love, Chunibyo & Other Delusions -Heart Throb-, aired between January and March 2014.
It is licensed in North America by Drawn and Quarterly and was released as a wide-ban volume in April 2009.
Pink Lady had an enormous audience of young girls, and Majokko Tickle was considered an opportunity to capitalize on the similarity.
A bonus chapter was published in Weekly Shonen Jump in September 2007.
The manga originally ran in Kodansha's monthly manga anthology Afternoon from April 2002 to May 2006, and has been reprinted in nine bound volumes.
An anime adaptation by Movic began releasing on Nico Nico Douga in 2012.
The anime and drama are currently streaming on Crunchyroll.
Two live-action films were produced in 1981 and 1997.
A total of eight tankōbon collecting the chapters were released by Shueisha between 1991 and 1997, but it is now out of print.
Town of Evening Calm, Country of Cherry Blossoms is a one-volume manga written and illustrated by Fumiyo Kōno.
The series also spun into novels, an extra OVA episode, an audio drama, a video game, illustration books and an altered manga adaptation by Takeaki Momose.
Lamune is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by Neko Neko Soft originally released on July 30, 2004 for the PC.
was announced, and aired from July to September 2012 on AT-X and other networks.
Tsubasa: Reservoir Chronicle is a shōnen manga series written and illustrated by the manga artist group Clamp.
Anpanman is a Japanese picture book series written by Takashi Yanase, running from 1973 until the creator died in 2013.
Damekko Dōbutsu is a manga series by Noriko Kuwata serialized in Manga Life since the November 2001 issue.
Maria the Virgin Witch, subtitled Sorcière de gré, pucelle de force, is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Masayuki Ishikawa.
The Ranma ½ manga has over 53 million copies in print in Japan.
The game was released as a DVD ROM on August 9, 2002.
The story focuses on Kei Hasumi, an anorexic teenager girl in love with her brother's friend Kakeru Suwa, who lost his memory.
Four bound volumes were released by ASCII Media Works.
It has been adapted into a film, Summer Vacation 1999, and a stage play.
It is filled with aircraft from the 1920s and their technical details, as well as with the men who love them.
Another is that he includes a number of what he considers to be his mistakes, and is generally very critical of his work over all.
There are three manga adaptations published by Fujimi Shobo and Kadokawa.
An anime television series aired from April 5 to April 26, 1982.
The series has also spawned a manga accompaniment and two video game adaptations for the PlayStation Portable.
It focuses on a girl who can control the greatest of beasts as she gets involved in a war between two kingdoms.
is a shōnen manga series written and illustrated by Tatsuya Hiruta.
OL Shinkaron is a yonkoma manga series by Akizuki Risu about OLs, or office ladies.
Danganronpa Another Episode: Ultra Despair Girls is an action-adventure video game developed by Spike Chunsoft for PlayStation Vita.
An anime adaptation was created by Madhouse, with 24 episodes airing between 1998 and 1999 in Japan on Nippon Television.
Media Factory has published ten volumes since September 25, 2012, under their MF Bunko J imprint.
To help him, she uses her demon powers, but doing so causes her to immediately lose them.
It has been adapted by Zexcs into an anime series which aired in Japan between January 9, 2011 and March 27, 2011.
The main character Kojiro is a young boy who is a member of the Fuma clan.
Satellite television network Animax has broadcast the anime in multiple regional language releases, including English.
It is written with a humorous and satirical tone.
Hatsuyuki Sakura, also known as Hatsuyuki Sakura: White Graduation, is a Japanese adult visual novel developed and published by Saga Planets under Visual Art's.
Tokyo Ghoul is a Japanese dark fantasy manga series by Sui Ishida.
Devil Lady, originally known as Devilman Lady, is a Japanese action horror manga series written and illustrated by Go Nagai.
Saint Seiya Omega is an anime series produced by Toei Animation.
The kanji 怪 means mysterious, but can also be read as Kai.
A special OVA was released with a DVD box set containing the anime series on April 15, 2009 in Japan.
A manga adaptation by Hiroki Haruse started serialization in the shōjo manga magazine Comic Sylph on December 9, 2006, also published by MediaWorks.
In North America, the manga was released by Viz Media from April 2005 to October 2011.
In 2014, the first five volumes were adapted for a stageplay.
The manga was also translated into English and published by Viz Media.
The title is a combination of the titles of classic tennis anime Aim for the Ace!
In 2010, Sumizawa started writing the novel Frozen Teardrop; another sequel from the series.
The individual chapters were collected into a one-shot bound volume by Shueisha on February 18, 1998.
It was adapted into a live action film in 2013.
A manga adaptation is being serialized in the Dragon Age magazine.
Both media are based on the first game in the series, Harukanaru Toki no Naka de.
        ∞
It was later ported to the Dreamcast and PlayStation 2 consoles.
The English subtitled version was released in 1995 and distributed by Central Park Media and U.S. Manga Corps.
The animation style is different and the story is set in an alternate universe.
An anime television series produced by Dogakobo and directed by Tarō Iwasaki aired in Japan between April and June 2015.
Magic of Stella is a Japanese 4-panel manga series by cloba.U, serialized in Houbunsha's seinen manga magazine Manga Time Kirara Max since the October 2012 issue.
It was also serialized in Houbunsha's magazine Manga Time Kirara Carat.
It is a parody of Maboroshi Tantei, just as Kekko Kamen is a parody of Gekko Kamen.
The best known of the versions is the BL game, which features mild BL, and, in the original PC release, hardcore BL.
It follows a high school girl named Rinka Urushiba who lives with her father in poor conditions.
A live-action film adaptation was released on February 1, 2014.
Rizelmine was split into two seasons, both containing 12 episodes each.
It was adapted into a Japanese television drama in 2014.
Atagoal is a Japanese manga by Hiroshi Masumura.
The anime series bears the distinction of being the first entry in what is now known as the World Masterpiece Theater series.
It was serialized between May 2002 and February 2006 in Akita Shoten's Weekly Shōnen Champion and was collected in 17 volumes.
Little Pollon is a musical Greek mythology-based Japanese anime television series, based on the 1977 manga Olympus no Pollon by Hideo Azuma.
In 1991 manga has win 15th Kodansha Manga Award in general category.
The fictional conglomerate is modeled after Panasonic, or Matsushita Electric, where Hirokane worked before and is highly accurate in its portrayal of Japanese corporate culture.
An edited version of the series was released on Crunchyroll under the title of Charger Girl, Ju-den Chan.
Yokohama Kaidashi Kikō is a science fiction manga written and illustrated by Hitoshi Ashinano.
It was published in the Shueisha seinen magazine Young Jump with the chapters bound into four volumes between September 1995 and October 1997.
First Love Monster or Hatsukoi Monster is a Japanese shōjo manga series written by Akira Hiyoshimaru and published in Kodansha's Aria magazine.
In March 2013, Funimation began streaming their licensed episodes of Case Closed; Crunchyroll simulcast them in 2014.
It is staged in a private boys' school that teaches ōendan to troubled teenagers.
A manga adaptation was serialized in the Champion RED Magazine beginning in March 2007, and the chapters were collected into one volume.
This caused the band to go from ten members to nine.
Three spin-off manga have been serialized in Grand Jump and Grand Jump Premium starting from 2012.
It was serialized in Kodansha's manga magazine Morning 2 from June 21, 2008.
Aa Harimanada is a Japanese media franchise that began with a 1991 manga by Kei Sadayasu published in Kodansha's Weekly Morning.
A 13-episode anime adaptation, produced by Kyoto Animation and directed by Tatsuya Ishihara, aired in Japan between April and July 2015.
The first eight volumes were released in North America.
A live-action TV drama adaptation premiered Fuji TV on August 29, 2008.
The new anime, titled Code Geass: Lelouch of the Resurrection, will take place a few years after the events of the Zero Requiem.
It was serialized from 1985 to 1986 in Hakusensha's manga magazine LaLa.
A novelization of 5 Centimeters per Second was released in November 2007, expanding on the film.
The anime OVA was licensed in the United States by FUNimation, and was scheduled to be released in the USA on December 11, 2007.
An additional OVA episode was produced for the DVD release in 2009.
In 1996, the story was made into a four-part Original Video Animation directed by Yoshiaki Kawajiri.
However, the anime turned out to be completely different from what was shown in the trailer.
Other works include Partner, Andante and Honey Bitter.
Strike the Blood, also known in short form as SutoBura, is a Japanese light novel series by Gakuto Mikumo with illustrations by Manyako.
In December 2006, the Kanagawa Prefecture classified the book as harmful to minors per the prefectural youth protection laws.
The series is licensed for an English language release in North America by Del Rey Manga, which began releasing the individual volumes in May 2008.
It is an alternate story to another series, Aura Battler Dunbine, and is set in modern Japan and Byston Well in a timeline of its own.
A trial edition was released in October 2010 rated for all ages.
The animation has also been praised despite issues in latter episodes which required to be fixed in the DVD volumes of the series.
Constellations in My Palm is a manga written by Chisako Sakuragi and illustrated by Yukine Honami.
Later, it was licensed in North America by Blu Manga, an imprint of Tokyopop, in Germany by Tokyopop Germany, and in Poland by Studio JG.
An orchestrated soundtrack was released by Konami's KuKeiHa CLUB on 21 April 1990.
is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Sato Fujiwara.
The anime is licensed in North America by Funimation Entertainment, and in Australia and New Zealand by Madman Entertainment.
In creating Cesare, Souryo has collaborated with a Dante scholar to bring to life a vivid portrait of Renaissance Italy in great and accurate detail.
The anime adaptation also sold well in Japan and was praised by Kobayashi and—for the English-language translation—critics.
Seven light novels have been released, written by Jin and illustrated by Sidu.
The series was created and directed by Isao Torada.
Other media such as visual fan books, drama CDs, and music CDs have also been produced.
The series previously licensed and published in English in North America by Tokyopop's Blu imprint is now published under Viz Media's BL imprint, SuBLime.
The series has been adapted as an anime television series, entitled Emma – A Victorian Romance.
The three had previously worked together in Blue Submarine No.
Tetragrammaton Labyrinth is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Ei Itou.
It was adapted into a live-action film in 2005.
It was licensed for regional release by Tong Li Publishing in Taiwan, Jonesky in Hong Kong, and Star Comics in Italy.
The anime originally aired in Japan on WOWOW from August 19, 2006 to February 2, 2007.
An anime adaptation by Brain's Base aired in Japan between October and December 2016.
At the end of Chapter 358, the author of the manga told readers to look forward to more Air Gear.
A 12-episode anime adaptation produced by Xebec and directed by Atsushi Ōtsuki aired in Japan between January and March 2010.
Absolute Boyfriend is a six volume manga series by Yuu Watase, first serialized in Shōjo Comic.
It was licensed in North America by Go!
Kiss Blue is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Keiko Kinoshita.
Char's Counterattack was released in America on DVD on August 20, 2002 and was shown on January 4, 2003 on Cartoon Network's Adult Swim.
It received the 40th Shogakukan Manga Award for shōjo in 1995.
Maria-sama ga Miteru, often shortened to Marimite, is a Japanese light novel series written by Oyuki Konno with illustrations by Reine Hibiki.
The story follows a young Karate practitioner named Tsukumo Mutsu, 40th master of the deadly Mutsu Enmei Ryu style.
Hybrid × Heart Magias Academy Ataraxia×H, Masō Gakuen Haiburiddo Hāto) is a series of Japanese light novels written by Masamune Kuji and illustrated by Hisasi.
The original short stories, manga, light novels, and video game used the exclamation mark in the title; the anime excluded it.
It is licensed in North America by 801 Media, as one of 801 Media's earliest titles.
Psychic Academy is a Japanese seinen manga series written and illustrated by Katsu Aki.
Square Enix publishes the manga in Japan's bi-monthly seinen magazine Young Gangan.
Urusei Yatsura is a comedic manga series written and illustrated by Rumiko Takahashi and serialized in Weekly Shōnen Sunday from 1978 to 1987.
The manga was first published as a one-shot on July 9, 2010 in the same magazine.
The manga was adapted into a 26-episode anime series that aired on TV Asahi from 2006 to 2007.
The Bandai Entertainment English-language release sold well in North America.
A second season premiered on 5 October 2016.
The story is set in late 1930s Asia, on the eve of World War II.
It has been adapted into an anime series by Toei Animation and was aired in Japan from June 2006 until September 2006.
This series follows a basic magical-girl progression, and falls into many of the magical girl tropes common in the late nineties.
The series had been adapted as a fantasy manga written by Kinji Yoshimoto with art by Satoshi Urushihara.
Mississippi also recognizes another band, and smaller Choctaw groups are located in Louisiana and Texas.
In addition, there are several video game adaptations with the most recent release in 2008 being a real-time strategy game.
Sennin Buraku is a manga series by Kō Kojima which ran in the adult magazine Weekly Asahi Geinō, published by Tokuma Shoten in Japan.
Instead of receiving moped licenses, they acquire a "Valerian License" which, to their shock and horror, transforms them into bunny-like creatures, the Relaxation Combat Team Valerian.
An anime version was created and broadcast from December 2002 to March 2003 by AT-X.
The Ring Volume 0: Birthday is the 5th installment of The Ring manga series, based on the Japanese film of the same name.
Netflix will stream the series in 2018.
A manga adaptation illustrated by Fumio began serialization in the May 2009 issue of Kadokawa Shoten's Comp Ace magazine.
It ran for 26 weekly episodes from 3 April to 25 September.
It is an early example of shōnen-ai.
Mobile Suit Gundam Alive is a Gundam comic title created by Mizuho Takayama, Yuka Minakawa.
The Choctaw in Oklahoma struggled to build a nation.
Girl Got Game, originally published in Japan as Power!
Published by Hakusensha, it was serialized on LaLa magazine from March 23, 2013 to February 24, 2014, with two volumes compiling the chapters released.
An English language pilot was produced by William Winckler Productions in 2017.
The manga has spawned an anime adaptation by Sunrise.
The anime takes place in Miami City, which is similar to Miami, Florida, except for several locale changes.
Oishinbo: Fish, Sushi & Sashimi ISBN 1-4215-2142-3
She is saved and turned into a cyborg.
It's about Akira, a teenage boy who loves his stepbrother and is pursued by a photographer, Kaoru.
Junk: Record of the Last Hero is a manga series written and drawn by Kia Asamiya.
Both the manga and anime are noted for their heavy violence and sexual content.
Afternoon between November 2012 and March 2013.
It was adapted as two V-Cinema live action films in 1995 and 1997.
Brigadoon was directed by Yoshitomo Yonetani and the characters were designed by Takahiro Kimura, both of whom worked on The King of Braves GaoGaiGar and Betterman.
The story follows the life of Yukito Kunisaki, a traveling showman searching for the "girl in the sky".
Strawberry Marshmallow is a Japanese manga series by Barasui about the adventures of four elementary school girls and their older sister-figure.
Parallel is a Japanese shōnen manga by Toshihiko Kobayashi.
However, the anime turned out to be completely different from what was shown in the trailer.
Rurouni Kenshin is subtitled "Wandering Samurai" in some English releases.
The sequel to the manga, The Kabocha Wine - Sequel is a one-shot manga published by Seirindo on October 15, 2006.
Angel's Frypan is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Etsushi Ogawa.
The series was licensed for Region 1 release by Bandai Entertainment.
It is licensed in North America by Go!
Xam'd: Lost Memories spanned a total of 26 episodes.
A manga adaptation was published in three issues of Comic Yuri Hime.
As of November 24, 2009, Honey Hunt has gone on a hiatus.
Transformers: Super-God Masterforce is a Japanese Transformers line of toys and anime series that ran from April 12, 1988 to March 7, 1989 for 42 episodes.
The live-action drama of the same name is produced by Fuji TV.
Short-Tempered Melancholic is a series of short stories written and illustrated by Arina Tanemura.
The series was first published in 2004 by Kodansha.
A role-playing video game based on the anime was developed by Jorudan and published by SETA, for the Super Famicom in 1991.
Case Closed, also known as Detective Conan, is an ongoing Japanese detective manga series written and illustrated by Gosho Aoyama.
It is based on Hidemaru The Soccer Boy, a Corocoro Comic manga series by the author Makoto Mizobuchi, produced by "Sunny Side Up".
Discotek Media has since re-licensed Diebuster as Gunbuster 2: Diebuster and it was released on May 21, 2013.
Duel Monsters, which aired between April 2000 and September 2004.
Niji-iro Prism Girl is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by An Nakahara.
The series premiered on Toku in the United States on December 31, 2015.
Story based on the manga storyline in Tekken 6, but with some differences.
In July 2007, the license was acquired by Funimation, who released a boxset of the television series in February 2009.
It was originally serialized in Hana to Yume in 2001, with the individual chapters collected and published in seven tankōbon volumes by Hakusensha.
In two TV Asahi web polls, the anime was voted the most popular anime of all time in Japan.
The title Shirobako refers to videos that are distributed to the production staff members prior to its release.
Rough is a romantic comedy swimming manga by Mitsuru Adachi.
Comi and in France by Taifu Comics.
The series was subsequently aired by the anime television network Animax, who also aired it across its English language networks in Southeast Asia and South Asia.
A live action film adaptation titled Chihayafuru: Kami no Ku was released on March 19, 2016, with a second film released on April 29, 2016.
It premiered on AT-X between April and July 2014, and was simulcast outside Japan by Crunchyroll.
When the magazine was canceled in June 2007, the series was temporarily moved to Weekly Shōnen Jump where it was published monthly.
The teachers are constantly looking for ways to torture or humiliate the students, and from this the teachers derive sexual satisfaction.
The manga is set in "AmberGround", a fictional land illuminated by an artificial sun.
It was released for the PC as a DVD ROM on August 31, 2012, and released as a regular edition on February 22, 2013.
It was published by Koushinsya; later an English version was released by Viz Media in 2002.
The first season aired from October 2002 to October 2003 and was positively received by critics.
Entertainment, and finally both anime series in 2005 by Funimation Entertainment.
Idol Densetsu Eriko is a Japanese anime series by Ashi Productions.
The series has spawned four manga adaptations and two light novel series.
The TV series has also aired in Italy, France, Germany and Russia.
It was adapted in to the 2006 Hong Kong film, A Battle of Wits.
A PlayStation Portable version of Persona 3, titled Persona 3 Portable was released in Japan in November 2009, and in North America in July 2010.
Additional media includes manga adaptations, and anime films and TV series.
An anime television series adaptation began airing in Japan on October 6, 2014.
The film was licensed for North American release by ADV Films.
Colorful is a manga by Torajirō Kishi which was adapted into a 16-episode anime series.
It was published by Shueisha in Margaret from 2000 to 2007 and collected in 22 volumes.
The manga was formerly licensed in English by ComicsOne and DrMaster.
is a Japanese four-panel comic strip manga series written and illustrated by Kagari Tamaoka.
An anime adaptation aired from October 3 to December 19, 2015.
Ballad of a Shinigami, subtitled momo: the god girl of death, is a Japanese light novel series written by K-Ske Hasegawa, with illustrations by Nanakusa.
and began airing on Japanese TV October 4, 2008.
Historie is a historical manga by Hitoshi Iwaaki that tells the life story of Eumenes, a secretary and general to Alexander the Great.
The series was released by Pioneer LDC in the United Kingdom in 1994.
The manga is serialised in Kodansha's Weekly Shōnen Magazine from 1973 to 1983.
An OVA adaptation titled The Qwaser of Stigmata: Portrait of the Empress was also produced and released on DVD with the manga series volume 10.
is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Japanese manga author Yumi Nakata.
The manga began serialization in the monthly shōnen manga magazine Dengeki Comic Gao!
It was serialized in Monthly Shōnen Gangan and has been collected into nine tankōbon published by Square Enix.
The novel has been serialized in Kodansha's Box-Air online magazine since 2013.
Enchanter is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Izumi Kawachi.
It ran from December 2003 to February 2006 and was later released in five bound volumes.
The manga series was later licensed for publication in English by Vertical, with the first volume released in March 2016.
A PlayStation 2 version titled Yotsunoha: A Journey of Sincerity, published by Gadget Soft with adult content removed, was also released on August 28, 2008.
The manga was originally serialized in Shueisha's Super Jump starting in 1992, with the first collected volume released the following year.
It was serialized between 2012 and 2014 in Shōnen Gahōsha's Young King magazine.
A special bundle of To Heart 2 and a PS2 version of To Heart was released on the same day.
A prequel manga series, also by Kuroda, launched in Manga Time Kirara Carino from January 2012.
While dressed and referred to nominally as 'maids', there are discrete albeit sometimes unusual departments for most of the employees.
In addition, two fandiscs were also released, Muv-Luv Supplement and Muv-Luv Altered Fable, containing alternate scenarios, short stories, computer wallpapers, and audio dramas.
It inspired a 2-episode anime OVA that was released through 1991 to 1992.
In 2008, the anime became one of over 30 ADV titles transferred to Funimation.
Cobra is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Buichi Terasawa.
"Manga" as a term used outside Japan refers to comics originally published in Japan.
A flash-animated original video animation by DLE titled Haiyore!
Aishiteruze Baby is a shōjo romance manga by Yoko Maki.
The trailer showed mainly scenes from episode 1 of the game where Laharl is awakened by Etna and he challenges Mid Boss in his castle.
It was adapted into a TV series, which started airing on April 14, 2007 on Fuji TV, achieving an 11.4 viewership rating in Japan's Kantō region.
Chibi Maruko-chan is a shōjo manga series written and illustrated by Momoko Sakura.
The anime was initially licensed by Central Park Media, but was later licensed by Bandai Entertainment.
An anime was adapted from the novels and aired in Japan on the WOWOW television network between January 12 and February 23, 2006 with six episodes.
Ludwig Kakumei, often translated as Ludwig Revolution, is a gothic, parody manga by Kaori Yuki.
A second anime season aired 13 episodes from July 7 to September 29, 2012 on Tokyo MX and other channels.
The Doraemon manga series was first published in December 1969 in six different magazines.
A manga acting as a gaiden is being serialized in Beans Ace.
It was formerly serialized in English on Viz Media's SigIKKI site.
Dr. Slump is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Akira Toriyama.
The individual chapters were collected by Kodansha into one tankōbon volume which was released on December 22, 2005.
In addition, a light novel was serialized in Kadokawa Shoten's Comptiq from July 2006 to July 2008.
Bataashi Kingyo is a Japanese manga series by Minetarō Mochizuki.
It is his second published collection of short stories from various years, each running at roughly 20 pages, and includes Otomo's second-earliest collected story.
The Tyrant Falls in Love is a sequel to Takanaga's series Challengers.
Clannad is a Japanese visual novel developed by Key and released on April 28, 2004 for Windows PCs.
Complex Age is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Yui Sakuma.
Afternoon manga magazine from March 2013 and has been compiled into eight volumes so far.
It was subsequently adapted into three live action film adaptations directed by Tengo Yamada, which were released between 1976 and 1980.
The screenwriter for the film was Satoko Okudera, with Ryo Yoshimata as music director.
DT Eightron is a 26 episode anime series by Sunrise Inc.
In 2006 a sequel was produced by the name of Gin'yū Mokushiroku Meine Liebe wieder, which was also broadcast across Japan by Animax.
The series centers on the exploits of a race of pet cats, drawn as catgirls and the occasional catboy.
On December 13, 2016, Funimation announced they had licensed the series, including the OVA.
      
A twenty-six-episode anime adaptation aired in Japan between June 21 and December 20, 2008.
Savonarola's prophecies or the Friar's Predictions are the main basis for the series.
On July 20, 2008, Anime News Network reported that the Shugo Chara!
Miss Machiko, also known as Maicching Machiko-sensei is a manga series written by Takeshi Ebihara.
First volume was released on July 25, 2013 and it concluded in 2016 with 11 volumes.
Blood: The Last Vampire is a 2000 anime film produced by Production I.G and SPE Visual Works and directed by Hiroyuki Kitakubo.
A 24-episode anime television series adaptation by J.C.Staff aired from October 2, 2015 to March 25, 2016.
The series received generally positive reviews from English-language critics.
Kekko Kamen is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Go Nagai.
In Clothes Called Fat is a Japanese drama josei manga written and illustrated by Moyoco Anno and serialized on Shufu-to-Seikatsu Sha's Weekly Josei magazine.
It was released in Japan by Studio OX, Movic and BMG Victor Japan.
In 2002, it won the Animation Kobe award for packaged work.
A 12-episode anime television series adaptation by Diomedéa aired between July 8, 2015 and September 23, 2015.
It was adapted as a 44-episode anime television series by Studio Hibari and as a series of novels.
The word Stellvia is composed of two Latin words, stella meaning star(s) and via meaning street or road.
In 2011, Morimoto was indefinitely suspended from the group following an underage smoking scandal.
The manga series' title, とらぶる, is the English gairaigo "trouble" and "rabu" is the English loan word "love".
The series was featured on Weekly Shōnen Jump during its original run from 1998 to 2003.
Two animated film versions were produced; the first premiered in Japanese theaters on September 6, 2008, and the second premiered on April 25, 2009.
It was also licensed for English releases in the United Kingdom by MVM Films, and in Australia and New Zealand by Madman Entertainment.
The manga has been adapted into a Japanese television drama.
The series began serialization in the July 2012 issue of Houbunsha's Manga Time Kirara Forward magazine and is licensed in English by Yen Press.
It was later compiled in 2002 into two feature-length movies entitled Turn A Gundam I: Earth Light and Turn A Gundam II: Moonlight Butterfly.
As of March 25, 2009, six volumes have been published by Shueisha under their Super Dash Bunko imprint.
The manga has been published in several countries of Asia, in France and in Italy.
The series was released into two volumes on July 19, 2014, and December 20, 2014 respectively.
A large number of merchandise has been made based on the manga and anime, and two additional volumes, entitled Cyborg Kuro-chan: Extra Battle, were published.
It ran for 27 episodes on Japan's TV Tokyo between April 1, 2007, and September 30, 2007.
Unlike its predecessor, Onigirimaruden takes place in the Sengoku era, and features an entirely different lead character.
The story follows the lives of students at an elite academy of the fictional European country of Kuchen in 1937.
As of 2012, no incarnation of the anime has been licensed in North America.
A second season aired between January and June 2013.
Kon Kon Kokon is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Koge-Donbo.
Of particular note is that they were able to retain the ending theme composed and performed by James Brown.
Nogizaka Haruka no Himitsu is a Japanese light novel series by Yūsaku Igarashi, with illustrations by Shaa.
Episodes 6 and 7 have, to date, not been released in the US at all.
In order to keep the secret hidden, Yukina orders him to do "missions" with her that involve romance.
A comedic anime adaptation aired between October and November 2012 on Tokyo Metropolitan Television.
The protagonists Yu Isami and Hime Utsumiya must utilize a special Antibody called "Brain Powerd" to counter the Orphan plans and save humanity.
Suzuri Kōkō Shodōbu is a Japanese seinen manga series about Japanese calligraphy, written by Katsutoshi Kawai.
The series is licensed in English by ADV Manga, who serialized it in Newtype USA before publishing the bound volumes.
A set of five drama CDs were produced between October 2006 and August 2007 by Wayuta.
It was adapted into an anime film, Miss Hokusai, directed by Keiichi Hara, that was released in 2015.
An anime adaptation aired between April and July 2011, pulling content from the first 21 chapters of the manga.
Boys Over Flowers Season 2, known in Japan as Hana Nochi Hare ~HanaDan Next Season~, is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Yoko Kamio.
Another prequel manga, K: Stray Dog Story, ran in Kodansha's good!
The series is published in English by Seven Seas Entertainment.
It is directed by Yuta Tanaka and written by Hitoshi Tanaka of Dragon Ball: Plan to Eradicate the Super Saiyans with character designs by Yukiko Nakatani.
As of April 2008, the original four novels and volume one of the spin-off series have sold over 1.25 million copies in Japan.
The protagonists live on a planet called Vega, while most of the antagonists originate from its "sister planet", Altair.
The anime is currently licensed by Funimation.
A film version of the OVA aired in the United States on the Syfy channel.
The artwork has overall been called crude and the plot was the focus of criticism, but reviewers praised the story for its message.
The anime won several awards at the Tokyo International Anime Fair and the Animation Kobe and Japan Media Arts Festivals.
The series is currently licensed in English by Juné.
It will premiere in spring of 2017.
The manga relaunched from April 2011 to June 2012 with two separate storylines published in Manga Time Kirara and Manga Time Kirara Carat.
The wielder of the Spear of the Beast inherits not only a great power, but also the creator’s hatred and killing intent.
The series premiered in the 5th issue of Hana to Yume in 2005 and ended in the 2nd issue of 2007.
The light novel began serialization for free online in 2012.
On July 3, 2008, Funimation announced that it had struck a deal with Geneon to distribute and release several of their licenses, including Shōnen Onmyōji.
This show was originally aired in Japan as part of WOWOW's Anime Complex.
Megane na Kanojo is a Japanese manga by Tobi published in the Flex Comix Blood online magazine.
The Mythical Detective Loki Ragnarok is a manga by Sakura Kinoshita published from August 1999 to October 2004.
Note: This article covers the series as a whole, for more detailed information check the articles that make up the series.
Kurogane Communication is a manga series written by Hideo Kato and illustrated by Tomomasa Takuma.
Pied Piper has licensed the series and has launched a Kickstarter campaign to fund the series on DVD and Blu-ray with an English dub.
Fairy Cube is a fantasy, gothic shōjo manga written and illustrated by Kaori Yuki.
The event, and the man's subsequent dates with the woman, who became known as "Hermès", were chronicled on the Japanese mega-BBS 2channel.
Kazushi Hagiwara is an enthusiastic fan of heavy metal music and Dungeons & Dragons, using ideas from both of these in the Bastard!!
The full anime series became available for streaming on Netflix on August 1, 2015.
Trinity Seven is a fantasy romantic comedy manga series by Kenji Saitō with art by Akinari Nao.
The future of the manga's English translation remains unknown.
There was a movie made in 1996, and a drama CD and soundtrack were also produced.
It has been published in English by Aurora Publishing and in German by Egmont Manga & Anime.
The series was initially serialized in Shōjo Comic and collected in 12 tankōbon volumes published by Shogakukan between October 1984 and February 1987.
It was adapted into a live action film in 2008.
has achieved strong sales in Japan, and by 2011 gross revenues had reached over 15 billion yen.
In the story Ayame, a university student, falls in love with Koichi, a police officer.
It was published by Shueisha in the magazine Ribon from May 1992 to October 1995 and collected in eight tankōbon volumes.
The individual chapters were collected and released in 23 tankōbon by Shueisha.
It was written by Yoshiki Tanaka in collaboration with Japanese illustrator Yoshitaka Amano and manga artist group Clamp.
Black Joke is a Japanese manga series written by Rintaro Koike and illustrated by Masayuki Taguchi.
The style of the manga highlights the sex appeal of both the characters and the mechas, sometimes similarly to the way Aika's female characters are shown.
The film was released on DVD on April 4, 2006.
The novel was also released in English in 2011 by Digital Manga Publishing, compiled with its sequel Demon Palace Babylon.
Kodansha has published thirteen volumes since July 2013 under their Kodansha Ranobe Bunko imprint.
Makai Senki Disgaea is an anime series based on the video game Disgaea: Hour of Darkness.
Amagami, is a Japanese dating simulation game for the PlayStation 2 and the spiritual successor to KimiKiss, both of which were developed and published by Enterbrain.
Crayon Shin-chan, also known as Shin Chan, is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Yoshito Usui.
With the help of their fellow players, Ryōta and Himiko must find a way to return to the real world.
Mōryō no Yurikago is a manga series written and illustrated by Kei Sanbe.
The bowler's objectives are to prevent the scoring of runs and to dismiss the batsman.
Little Forest is a Japanese slice of life manga series written and illustrated by Daisuke Igarashi.
Jungle King Tar-chan is a manga and anime by Masaya Tokuhiro.
Vividred Operation is a Japanese anime television series produced by A-1 Pictures and directed by Kazuhiro Takamura.
On September 1, 2010, North American anime distributor Funimation announced that they have rescued the series and release the complete series in 2011.
Amatsuki is a manga series by Shinobu Takayama, serialized in Monthly Comic Zero Sum.
The anime has been licensed by Viz Media in North America and by Madman Entertainment in Australia.
Level E is a comic science fiction manga series by Yoshihiro Togashi.
The character and mecha designs in RYVIUS were created by Hisashi Hirai, who later went on to act as character designer for Gundam SEED.
The manga has received generally positive reviews from English-language critics.
Sunday Without God, also known as Kaminai for short, is a Japanese light novel series written by Kimihito Irie, with illustrations by Shino.
The anime was licensed for North American distribution by Geneon Entertainment.
In the United States, it is published by Tokyopop.
The manga started serialization in the Japanese shōnen manga magazine Comic Blade on July 30, 2008, published by Mag Garden.
It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing, which released the manga through its imprint, Juné, on July 25, 2007.
The original designs were created by Akemi Takada, who worked on many of the 80's Studio Pierrot series.
An anime television series adaptation by Haoliners Animation League began airing in Japan from July 2017.
This futuristic tale is set in a world where the Elites are assigned various social classes based on their hair color in the city of Tanagura.
It is scheduled for a tentative release across global markets outside of Asia in September 2013.
There were also two manga series made, a shōjo manga version by Tammy Ohta and shōnen manga version by Shamneko.
A spin-off light novel series titled Back Stage!!
The movie was filmed in the town of Shimotsuma, in the Ibaraki Prefecture in Eastern Japan.
Baby Steps is a Japanese manga series by Hikaru Katsuki.
Both seasons have been licensed and released on DVD and Blu-ray by Sentai Filmworks in North America and Manga Entertainment in the UK.
The show was broadcast in Japan with an R-15 rating, which is the Japanese equivalent of a "Restricted" rating.
The manga was first serialized in the Japanese seinen manga magazine Afternoon Season Zoukan on August 2000.
From that day forth, Tamura is determined to assert his heterosexuality, even going as far as reading porn while in class.
The series ended on February 19, 2015 with a final 9th volume release on the March 27, 2015.
The series made its only television premiere on Cartoon Network with a 2-hour special on August 25, 2007.
It focuses heavily on the "swords and sorcery" genre, and in typical Urushihara style provides a great deal of fan service.
It was originally released as an adult game for Microsoft Windows on January 30, 2004.
Pure Trance is a shōjo science-fiction manga by Junko Mizuno.
The first volume in English was printed in January 2007.
The series has been licensed by Viz Media for an English-language North American release as part of their Shojo Beat imprint.
is a manga, anime, and OVA series by Shin Takahashi, creator of Iihito and Kimi no Kakera.
The series was released on DVD by Discotek Media on April 25, 2017.
Hinamatsuri is an ongoing Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Masao Ōtake.
Great Teacher Onizuka, officially abbreviated as GTO, is a Japanese shōnen manga written and illustrated by Tooru Fujisawa.
The manga was serialized in Shueisha's Margaret magazine.
is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Mitsutoshi Shimabukuro.
The series began with the release of Valkyria Chronicles for the PlayStation 3 in 2008.
It began airing on October 6, 2012 and ended on March 30, 2013.
The manga was previously licensed in North America by CMX, where three volumes were released before CMX shut down.
Part Three continues the story without a break, ending with Ko and Aoba traveling to Koshien.
In Germany, Tokyopop began publication in October 2007 under the title Blue Dragon RalΩGrad, a spelling mandated by the licensing contract with Shueisha.
The series is about three clairvoyant high school students and their relationships.
It is licensed for French release by Glénat and Polish by JPF.
Other related titles include a light novel and a stage play.
Female character design was by Naru Nanao of Da Capo fame, while male character design was by 2C Galore.
The manga ran in Shōnen Sunday having begun in 2007's volume 36/37 and wrapping up in 2008's volume 26.
The Asterisk War: The Academy City on the Water is a Japanese light novel series written by Yuu Miyazaki, and illustrated by Okiura.
As of March 2012, 4 tankōbon volumes have been published by Dengeki Comics.
The series was adapted into a drama CD spin-off by Geneon Entertainment.
Commemorating the 15th anniversary of the Gundam brand, G Gundam was produced to reboot the waning popularity of the long-running franchise.
Ai Mai Mi is a Japanese yonkoma online manga series written and illustrated by Choborau Nyopomi.
Bond(z) is a Japanese manga anthology written and illustrated by Toko Kawai.
A computer-animated film adaptation of the same name was released in 2013.
Along his journey, Goku makes several friends and battles a wide variety of villains, many of whom also seek the Dragon Balls.
Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind is a manga by Japanese anime director Hayao Miyazaki that ran from 1982 to 1994.
It is a work of alternate history, taking place in 1941 during World War II.
A sequel, Make More Love & Peace, was also released and features a shoplifter wanting to have sex with Koichi.
An anime adaptation by Studio Pierrot ran on Fuji Television from November 1991 to September 1992 for The 47 episodes.
The manga is licensed in North America by Vertical.
A sequel continued with him being the Tokyo representative in the national competition, to keep a promise for a re-match with his rival Saji Yasuto.
The second volume also contains a sequel short story, "A Week at the Beach," showing the main characters at a later time.
Alice in Borderland is a Japanese survival suspense shōnen manga series by Haro Aso.
In 1985 the story was adapted into a 3 part Original Video Animation directed by Toshihiro Hirano.
She enters the human world via a shrine run by her aunt and uncle, and dedicated to her father.
The series is currently out of print, and the company has no plans to renew the license or reprint the series.
Captain Tsubasa, is a popular long-running Japanese manga, animation and video game series, originally created by Yōichi Takahashi in 1981.
Break Shot is a Japanese manga series that spans 16 volumes.
Kuma Miko: Girl meets Bear is a Japanese manga series by Masume Yoshimoto, serialized in Media Factory's seinen manga magazine Monthly Comic Flapper since May 2013.
A 12-episode anime adaptation by Kyoto Animation aired in Japan between October 4 and December 19, 2012, with six six-minute Lite episodes streamed on YouTube.
In the Koshien Bomber Case, chapters 445-449, and the anime adaptation special "Miracle at Koshien Ball Park!
Haruka Seventeen is a seinen manga by Sakuya Yamazaki which was serialized by Kodansha in Weekly Morning from 2004 to 2006.
As of January 2016, six volumes have been released.
It contains a mix of borrowed visuals from Takarazuka theater, shadow puppetry and classic douseiai-style shōjo manga.
The manga was adapted into an animated movie, which was released by AIC in Japan and Dybex in France on April 1, 1995.
Four sets of Drama CDs were released from 2008 to 2010.
A third spinoff, called Freezing Pair Love Stories, began serialization in the April 2013 issue of Comic Valkyrie.
The anime has been licensed by Viz Media in North America and by Madman Entertainment in Australia.
A 12-episode anime television series adaptation by 8-Bit aired between January 4 and March 22, 2015.
There was an OVA released along with volume 4 animated by Hoods Entertainment and directed by Hiraku Kaneko.
An anime adaptation by Madhouse began airing on October 7, 2008.
A spin-off manga began in March 2015.
The manga series won the Shogakukan Manga Award in the shōnen category in 2000.
The game ranked as the best-selling PC game sold in Japan for the time of its release.
An anime television series adaptation by J.C.Staff aired in Japan from January to March 2014.
Onegai My Melody is a Japanese anime series produced by Studio Comet, based on the Sanrio character My Melody.
It was serialized in Big Comic Original between 1988 and 1994, with the 144 chapters collected into 18 tankōbon volumes by Shogakukan.
The Eccentric Family is a Japanese comedy-drama novel written by Tomihiko Morimi, originally published by Gentosha in 2007, with a sequel published in 2015.
It is an adaptation of Buronson and Tetsuo Hara's Fist of the North Star in super deformed style.
It has been adapted into a drama CD.
The series started serialization in Kadokawa Shoten's light novel magazine The Sneaker on February 29, 2008.
The manga was originally serialized in Dengeki Comic Gao!, and was later published into five bound volumes by MediaWorks from January 2005 to March 2007.
has been described as achieving a dizzying reality with Hibari by contrasting a girlish exterior with a male interior.
The show is similar to that of Agent Aika—both being directed by Katsuhiko Nishijima and animated by Studio Fantasia—with much of the same content.
Liselotte & Witch's Forest is a Japanese fantasy romance shōjo manga series written and illustrated by Natsuki Takaya.
It was serialized in 2011 in Weekly Shōnen Magazine published by Kodansha until reaching its conclusion in 2014.
Viz Media licensed the manga series for English-language publication in North America and as of November 2012, have released 6 volumes of the series.
Serialized in Weekly Morning from 2003 to 2007, it was released into 21 tankōbon by Kodansha between October 22, 2003, and August 23, 2007.
The series revolves around the lives of a group of students living in Kazami Dormitory of Seifu Private School in Japan.
It was later moved to 8:30 JST following the conclusion of the Beyblade anime, and introduction of the Beast Saga anime.
Kyō, Koi o Hajimemasu, also romanised as Kyō, Koi wo Hajimemasu, is a shōjo manga series created by Kanan Minami.
Blood+ is licensed for international distribution in several regions through Sony Pictures' international arm, Sony Pictures Television International.
Six manga have been produced, and an anime adaptation by Production I.G aired in Fuji TV's Noitamina slot between October 2012 and March 2013.
Kobo, the Li'l Rascal, also known as Kobo-chan, is a manga created by Masashi Ueda.
A drama CD was released on June 28, 2012.
It was adapted as a 13-episode anime television series produced by AIC that aired between October and December 2009 on TV Tokyo.
Right Stuf Inc. announced that they licensed the entire series in 2013 and will release it on DVD under their Nozomi label.
It was published in tankōbon format by Takeshobo in three volumes.
The series premiered April 4, 2002 on Kids Station.
The series inspired a manga adaptation and a prequel novel.
ADV Films' Anime Network began airing the anime on January 3, 2008 on their Subscription On Demand platform.
An anime film was released in Japanese theaters on August 31, 2013.
It was adapted into a live-action film directed by Masaaki Odagiri in 1996.
For further uses, see Etcetera or ETC.
The chapters were collected into two tankōbon volumes, the first released on April 19, 2000 and the second on May 19, 2000.
Tokyo Broadcasting System adapted a TV drama from the manga in 1970.
It was serialized in Big Comic Spirits between June 15, 1985 and 1992 in the fourteenth to thirty-fifth issue of the magazine.
started serialization in Pony Canyon's web comics magazine online, on October 16, 2014.
Okami-san is a Japanese sports manga by Ichimaru about a woman who becomes the manager of a stable of sumo wrestlers.
The manga was later compiled in Rumic World books, which are available in English from Viz Media.
in its initial timeslot, and was succeeded by HappinessCharge PreCure!.
Alexander, released in North America as Reign: The Conqueror, is a Korean-Japanese anime first released in 1999.
The manga consists of eight volumes and was published in Japan by Mag Garden.
The Disastrous Life of Saiki K. is a Japanese gag manga series written and illustrated by Shūichi Asō.
The anime has been released in North America by The Right Stuf International under the title Ninja Nonsense: The Legend of Shinobu.
Kamichama Karin was serialized in the Japanese shōjo manga magazine Nakayoshi and published by Kodansha.
Like Queen's Blade before it, it is also compatible with Flying Buffalo's Lost Worlds gamebooks.
The anime began airing on MBS and TBS on October 7, 2010.
It was adapted into a Japanese television drama mini-series in December 2015.
Magical Witch Punie-chan, also known as Dai Mahō-Tōge or The Great Magical Gap, is a Japanese comedy manga and OVA.
The manga series was adapted into a series of four drama CDs by Frontier Works.
It was published by Shogakukan from 1980 to 1984 in the biweekly manga magazine Shōnen Big Comic.
This series had an original storyline and did not feature manga content.
The early Spanish explorers of the mid-16th century in the Southeast encountered Mississippian-culture villages and chiefs.
This work suggests that Toka Miyashita is not the only Boogiepop, and that there are many.
The series was also the winner of the Anime Grand Prix in both 2004 and 2005 polls.
A manga adaptation by Suiren Matsukaze started serialization in MediaWorks' Dengeki Comic Gao!
The plotlines in the series were drawn from incidents and accidents which actually happened while the manga was being written.
Shakugan no Shana, also known simply as Shana, is a Japanese light novel series written by Yashichiro Takahashi with illustrations by Noizi Ito.
Original story was serialized for about a year from 1970 in Weekly Bokura Magazine.
The anime premiered on April 12, 2013 and ended on June 27, 2013 with twelve episodes.
Paradise Kiss takes place afterward and has some of Gokinjo's characters return in it.
Watsuki envisioned the manga as his last shōnen manga, and then he tried to do as much as he could with that genre.
Two OVA anime series for To Heart 2: Dungeon Travelers have been produced by Aquaplus, and was released from February 22, 2012 to July 25, 2012.
Bitter Virgin is a seinen manga presented by Kei Kusunoki and serialized in Young Gangan.
The manga has been given positive reviews by the popular anime and manga magazine Newtype USA, and at the online resources Anime News Network and IGN.
Kadokawa Shoten also published a Dog Days manga illustrated by Takuya Fujima, which serialized in three different magazines from May to November 2011.
The manga was adapted into six 50 minute animated films.
It follows Jaco, a Galactic Patrolman or policeman of the universe, that has come to Earth to protect it from an evil alien attack.
It began in the February issue of Shōnen Ace in December 1994 and ended in June 2013.
It began airing on TV on April 4, 2013, and is being streamed with English subtitles by Crunchyroll and the Anime Network.
He's worshipped as a deadly professional, but when he falls in love with one such gifted boy, Masato, everything changes.
This is caused by a nearby star, Hydrus Beta, 20 light-years away, going supernova.
Bandai Entertainment also licensed most parts from the franchise for English release in December 2007, airing the two TV series on Adult Swim.
Yume Yume*Yu Yu is a Japanese shōjo manga and anime series created and drawn by Pink Hanamori.
The manga has become one of Shueisha's bestsellers, with over 22.5 million copies sold.
An English dubbed version of the OVA was produced by ADV Films in 2004.
An anime adaptation directed by Masayuki Sakoi, and animated by Madhouse, aired between April and June 2008.
Ai-Ren is a Japanese science fiction romance seinen manga series by Yutaka Tanaka.
A second season titled Ghost in the Shell: S.A.C.
The drama and manga versions have considerable differences from the original novel.
It is licensed in North America by Yen Press, which released the four tankōbon volumes between November 2007 and November 2008.
It ran for a total of 12 episodes on TV Asahi and was later licensed by Geneon Entertainment USA.
Overall reception for The Candidate for Goddess has been mediocre.
Its debut followed shortly after the conclusion of a preceding Mega Man anime series, MegaMan NT Warrior, which ran from 2002 to 2006.
The Saban dub aired in South America with a Spanish voice-over provided independently by each of the various networks that broadcast it.
It is the second anime in the Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha franchise, following the previous series.
Lance N' Masques is a Japanese light novel series by Hideaki Koyasu with illustrations by Shino, and is edited by the animation studio Studio Gokumi.
The manga was adapted into an anime television series which aired on NET from October 3, 1968 to September 24, 1969.
All 15 episodes were licensed in North America by Central Park Media until their closing in 2009.
An animated feature film called Trigun: Badlands Rumble was released in April 2010.
It is based on a manga by Nekoshita Pong that was serialized in Monthly Fantazine.
The manga has been published in the United States by Dark Horse Comics.
Titles denoted in bold are series that were previously or are currently considered high-profile.
The manga won the 56th Shogakukan Manga Awards in the Children's category.
Mobile Suit Gundam SEED Destiny Astray is a collection of gaiden set in the Cosmic Era timeline of Mobile Suit Gundam SEED Destiny.
Serialization began in 2000 in Monthly Ikki and ended in 2004.
The webtoon has been published in book form and has been adapted into an anime series.
The series often uses satire and light-hearted comedy to reinterpret well-known events as well as less common historical and cultural trivia.
In 2001, the manga won the Shogakukan Manga Award for shōnen.
A spin-off manga by Mitsuhiro Kimura began serialization in Monthly Action in December 2016.
Arc the Lad is a series of role-playing video games that were released for the PlayStation and PlayStation 2.
is a Japanese manga by Kanae Hazuki.
A manga adaptation by Asuka Izumi was serialized in Hakusensha's shōjo manga magazines LaLa and LaLa DX between May 2005 and February 2007.
Dokaben is a baseball manga by Shinji Mizushima, serialized in Akita Shoten Weekly Shōnen Champion magazine from April 24, 1972 to March 27, 1981.
Saint Seiya has been very successful, with over 34 million copies sold in Japan alone.
Buddy Complex is a Japanese mecha anime television series produced by Sunrise.
A manga adaptation illustrated by Japanese artist Bow Ditama was first serialized in the Megami Magazine on January 30, 2008.
In March 2000, Shogakukan released an omnibus edition, followed by a second omnibus version in August 2010.
Afro Tanaka is a Japanese gag manga series written and illustrated by Masaharu Noritsuke.
Most manga and light novels have also been published in North America by Bandai.
Media Blasters licensed Green Green for distribution in North America, and the first volume was released on May 16, 2006.
The story focuses on 22-year-old ex-bōsōzoku member Eikichi Onizuka, who becomes a teacher at a private middle school, Holy Forest Academy, in Tokyo, Japan.
Gankutsuou: The Count of Monte Cristo is an anime series loosely based on Alexandre Dumas's classic French novel, Le Comte de Monte-Cristo.
The series includes twelve novels released between June 10, 2003 and April 10, 2009, published by ASCII Media Works under their Dengeki Bunko imprint.
The series has been collected in 8 volumes.
It has been adapted by Toei Animation as a 20-episode anime television series broadcast on TV Asahi from 7 October 2000 to 24 March 2001.
The manga is a somewhat-fictionalized autobiography of part of the author's life and of his alcohol dependency problems.
But how far can Sanshiro get when the monsters he's been paired with are a bunch of little mud balls?
Currently, the adaptation consists of a single episode, which contains the majority of the first manga's plot, with some slight changes in the scenes.
While Megumi Aoyagi, saves the day with her smarts in making the sale.
Swan is a shōjo manga by Kyoko Ariyoshi.
Giniro no Olynssis is a Japanese light novel created by Hitomi Amamiya, with illustrations by Hisashi Hirai.
The first half of an anime television series adaptation aired from July to September 2015 and the second half aired from January to March 2016.
The 2006 version is, however, substantially different from the incarnation originally presented within Genshiken, featuring redesigned characters and a new plot line.
In June, Canadian youth network YTV broadcast MÄR on its Bionix programming block.
SD Gundam Musha Banchō Fūunroku is an SD Gundam manga, a spin-off from the popular Gundam anime.
Mad Bull was adapted into a four-part original video animation released from December 21, 1990 to August 21, 1992.
GN Software is a Japanese video game developer and publisher of consumer console games, mainly for the PlayStation 2.
The manga was serialized in Shōnen Gahōsha's Young King Ours.
is a manga series by Sumiko Kamimura.
Beyblade Burst is a Japanese Manga and toyline created by Hiro Morita, originally based on Takara Tomy's Beyblade franchise.
!, is a yonkoma manga series by Hisaichi Ishii which ran in the weekly Manga Action magazine from 1978 to 1979 in Japan.
The two boys treat Yu in opposite ways.
In May 2007, Wild Rock was re-released in print in Japan called the Libre Edition.
Pugyuru was adapted into an anime series that was broadcast on April 12, 2004 on the television station Kids Station.
At first he studied architecture and later this influence has shown up in his manga works in his depiction of huge structures.
Lagoon Engine is a manga by Yukiru Sugisaki.
A non-canon sequel exists to the story as a thirteenth episode, which was released at a later date.
Category: Freaks, also known as Category Freaks, is a manga series created by Ashika Sakura and published in Comic Birz from 2002 to 2009.
The series is licensed in the United States by Yen Press.
It has been licensed in North America by Funimation.
The series was adapted into an original video animation by animation studio GoHands, and came bundled in a special edition of the third volume.
Clannad has made several transitions to other media.
Goodnight Punpun is a manga written and illustrated by Inio Asano about Onodera Punpun, a normal child depicted in the form of a bird.
Both the manga and anime were well received by publications due to its story and characters.
It is about a girl named Akira.
Brain Powerd is a Japanese anime television series created by Sunrise.
It was adapted into a light novel written by Kougetsu Mikazuki, which was published on January 18, 2014 under Fujimi Shobo's Fujimi Fantasia Bunko imprint.
Devils and Realist is a Japanese manga series written by Madoka Takadono and illustrated by Utako Yukihiro.
It has been published in the United States by Digital Manga Publishing in 2005.
Bomberman B-Daman Bakugaiden Victory or Bomberman B-Daman Bakugaiden V is a Coro Coro Comic series by Koichi Mikata, based on Bomberman and B-Daman.
A single original video animation adaptation by Brain's Base based on the series was screened at the Jump Super Anime Tour on October to November 2013.
Comi for release in North America, but they stopped publishing in October 2009 and Viz Media has since picked up the license for the series.
A DVD containing four animated music video clips was bundled with the third manga volume, produced by the animation studio Shaft.
A video game for the PlayStation Portable was released in March 2012, with another for PlayStation Vita released in December 2013.
In 2007, the manga received the 31st Kodansha Manga Award in the shōnen category.
Monkey Typhoon is a Japanese manga written by Tadashi Agi and illustrated by Romu Aoi.
is a light novel that has since expanded into a Boys' Love game, an anime series and OVA.
It is the first English dub by Bang Zoom!
In 2007, it won the Kodansha Manga Award for general manga.
It was published by Kodansha in the magazine Mimi from 1988 to 1992 and collected in seven tankōbon volumes.
A 12-episode anime adaptation, produced by Feel and directed by Naoto Hosoda, aired in Japan between October and December 2014.
21: Two One was later released for the Dreamcast by PrincessSoft on December 27, 2001.
While the series fared modestly well in Japan, in the United States it found greater success and popularized the Gundam franchise in the West.
Critics have praised the series for its uniqueness compared to North American crime fiction as well as its execution of horror.
The title is taken from A. E. van Vogt's The World of Null-A.
It was serialized in Big Comic Superior from 1990 to 1995, then released into 12 volumes by Shogakukan.
All healthy puppies grow quickly after birth.
Rin-ne, known as Kyōkai no Rinne in Japan, is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Rumiko Takahashi.
It began airing on MBS on October 5, 2012.
When the need arises, Roger calls upon Big O, a giant relic from the city's past.
A sequel, Eat-Man '98, was also animated by Studio Deen and ran from October 8 to December 23, 1998.
The series concluded on August 20, 2015.
The series incorporates elements of numerous genres, mostly drawing from science fantasy.
Tramps Like Us is a Japanese josei manga series by Yayoi Ogawa.
The manga was updated for release by VIZ Media and launched in North America on September 30, 2014.
Gravitation is a yaoi manga series written and illustrated by Maki Murakami.
Pukupuku Natural Circular Notice is a shōjo manga by Sayuri Tatsuyama.
It was released on June 24, 2011 for Windows PCs and is rated for all ages.
Some puns were left out of this dub, but were included in A.D.V.
Eight volumes have been released in Japan, all of which have been translated into English as of December 2010.
An anime television series adaptation produced by A-1 Pictures premiered in Japan on October 8, 2015.
The release of the anime also saw a boost in the series' popularity, with it having received widespread critical acclaim for its atmosphere and story.
It made its first appearance in the 1990s as a feature for Palace of Fear before its commercial release on the Leed Publishing Co. label.
Embracing Love is a yaoi manga by Youka Nitta, about two male pornographic actors who fall in love as they attempt to break into mainstream acting.
The game was created using RPG Maker 2003, but has few role-playing game elements.
Matsue launched the third adaptation, also published by Media Factory, in May 2015.
A second season of the anime series has been announced for October 2017.
Esper Mami is a manga series created by Fujiko F. Fujio in 1977 and serialized in Shōnen Big Comic.
A more modern remake came in the form of a fully Japanese language dorama which changed it into a love-story of sorts.
It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing, which released the manga through its imprint, Juné, on April 8, 2008.
VIZ Media began releasing The Record of a Fallen Vampire in spring 2008.
A spin-off novel series, D.Gray-man Reverse by Kaya Kizaki, explores the history of a number of characters.
Princess Knight also ran through three other serializations between 1958 and 1968, and has spawned many types of related merchandise.
Chapters are collected and published in collected volumes by Hakusensha under the Hana to Yume Comics label.
Two manga adaptations were published by ASCII Media Works and Square Enix.
The manga began serialization in the April 2008 issue of Kodansha's magazine Shōnen Rival.
Among critics, Bleach is most commonly praised for its action scenes and art but criticized for its plot elements.
It was published in English by CMX Manga, in French by Casterman, in German by Carlsen Manga, and in Portuguese by Panini Comics.
In addition, two supplementary books and three Drama CDs along with a host of other merchandise were released.
The series made its only television premiere on Cartoon Network with a 2-hour special on August 25, 2007.
Finally two soundtrack CDs were also released which included the music of the radio drama.
The manga won the 2004 Kodansha Manga Award for general manga.
A bonus feature on the DVD of Disgaea 2: Cursed Memories was a trailer of what the Disgaea anime would look like.
Nightmare Inspector: Yumekui Kenbun is a Japanese shōnen manga series created by Shin Mashiba.
Several Utawarerumono drama CDs have been produced by Lantis.
The game concludes with an ending specific to the outcome of the story, some of which became notorious for their graphic violence.
Accordingly, the alternate reading is "Eustia of Passion", which is an allusion to events within the game.
It is the sixth installment in the Gundam franchise, taking place in the "After Colony" timeline.
A sequel titled Muteki Kanban Musume N was serialized in Weekly Shōnen Champion between March 2006 and April 2007 and was collected in five volumes.
English-language critics were divided on whether it was enjoyable or repetitive, with several comparing it to the Addams Family.
It had also aired on Fairchild TV in Canada starting on May 22, 2005.
It was adapted into a Japanese television drama series in 2013.
However, only volumes 1-14 were translated with the 15th cancelled and no plans to continue the series have been announced.
It has been debated that the anime is a more simplified version of the more in-depth themes of the manga.
This was followed by an anime television series which aired in Japan between January 9, 2011 and March 25, 2012.
An ONA series adaptation by Sunrise was released between 25 December 2015 and 8 April 2016.
The plot is set in a world where supernatural abilities exist.
It is licensed in North America by 801 Media, which released the five volumes between June 2007 and June 2008.
It was adapted into an anime television series by SynergySP which aired in Japan from October 10, 2011 to February 17, 2014.
is a manga written and illustrated by Shiuko Kano.
The movie was released in September 2006.
However, Kilala is not mentioned as a relevant member of the princesses in other later media including Kingdom Hearts series or Sofia the First.
Blassreiter is a 2008 Japanese anime from the animation studio Gonzo and the multimedia studio Nitro+.
The series has also been translated into French, where it has ranked amongst the country's bestselling manga.
Eureka Seven, known in Japan as Psalms of Planets Eureka Seven, is a 2005 Japanese anime series created by Bones.
Online manga website Young Animal Densi in which Hakusensha simultaneously published the manga, began streaming the first two episodes of the anime on October 16, 2015.
Clements and McCarthy write that the series "inherits the mantle of Game Center Arashi".
The second season is called Hajime no Ippo: New Challenger and concluded on June 30, 2009.
The series began in Kodansha's Bessatsu Shōnen Magazine on September 9, 2009, and has been collected into 22 tankōbon volumes as of April 2017.
A live-action 'Kaiji' movie was released October 10, 2009 in Japan with Tatsuya Fujiwara playing the role of Kaiji.
The series received the 2009 Shogakukan Manga Award for children's manga.
It was originally aired across the Japanese WOWOW television network from April 7 to June 30, 1999.
It was published in Kodansha's Weekly Morning manga magazine from 1988 to 1996 and collected in 32 tankōbon volumes.
Later, a manga version was created, written and illustrated by Mitsuna Ouse serialized in Dengeki Comic Gao!.
It is published online in English by Crunchyroll.
The novels were published by MediaWorks between February 2006 and November 2007.
Little Wansa is a mascot for Sanwa Bank designed by Osamu Tezuka.
It is about a young man whose high school crush returns from studying abroad for six years, and the healing of the rift between them.
The light novels began publication on ASCII Media Works' Dengeki Bunko imprint from April 10, 2009, with a spin-off series launching in October 2012.
It is a sibling series to Record of Lodoss War, taking place on a continent north of Lodoss Island.
The story is based on the same setting as Atto's former work, Toko-toko & Yume no Yume.
It was adapted into a two-episode OVA in 2007.
Feel and Gainax partnered together to adapt the series into a thirteen episode anime series.
While shōjo, the series has elements of classical sports manga like player rivalry and special attacks.
Mazinger Edition Z: The Impact!, known in Japan as True Mazinger Impact!
The second, Beyblade V-Force, ran for another 51 episodes from January 7, 2002 until December 30, 2002.
The first series is Fighting Beauty Wulong and the second is Fighting Beauty Wulong: Rebirth.
It features short stories about dinosaurs in humorous situations.
The volume also includes some one-shots, including "Baby, stamp your foot" and "Tempos extra", that were originally published in the gay men's manga magazine Gekidan.
A 52-episode anime adaptation of the manga by SynergySP aired between April 2007 and March 2008 on TV Tokyo.
The series was first unveiled under the name "1/144 Gundam Mobile" project by Sunrise, before its official announcement.
Masaru-san is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Kyosuke Usuta.
The anime's real world locales were drawn from numerous foreign films and were planned using location scouting.
Planning for the series started in 1989, but the animation process did not start until 1991.
The alternative spelling in Italian and German is Mirco.
It was adapted into a Japanese television drama in January 2014.
The series was licensed in North America by Aniplex of America and was streamed with English subtitles by Crunchyroll and Hulu.
Ceres: Celestial Legend, known in Japan as The Mystery of Ceres, is a fantasy shōjo manga series written by Yuu Watase.
In North America, the manga is published by Kodansha Comics USA and the anime is licensed by Sentai Filmworks.
Mermaid Melody Pichi Pichi Pitch is a shōjo manga and anime series created by Michiko Yokote, with artwork by Pink Hanamori.
As of January 2011, Korean, Traditional, and Simplified Chinese translations have been published.
The title of the series comes from the Japanese word for light music, keiongaku, which in the Japanese context is similar to pop music.
Following the 2009 bankruptcy and liquidation of Central Park Media, ADV Films picked up the anime series for release on July 21, 2009.
All episodes of the Kojiro of the Fuma Clan anime have come out in Japan in VHS and DVD format.
The story takes place in an authoritarian future dystopia, where omnipresent public sensors continuously scan the mental states of every passing citizen.
It was also released in theaters on December 21, 1985.
It appeared as a serial in the monthly manga magazine Nakayoshi from the February 2009 issue to the September 2012 issue.
It was serialized in the manga magazine Flowers from 2001 to 2006 and collected in 12 tankoban volumes.
is a 2016 Japanese anime television series by Toei Animation and the thirteenth installment in Izumi Todo's Pretty Cure franchise.
Revolution is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Yuu Asami.
All three volumes are currently available in English.
Land of the Blindfolded is a fantasy shōjo manga by Sakura Tsukuba.
It won the 2008 Kodansha Manga Award for best children's manga.
It has been adapted into a six-episode anime OVA and a live-action television series.
It was adapted into a 1983 anime television series produced by Tatsunoko Productions and ran from January 9 to December 24, 1983 on Fuji TV.
Love Quest is a Japanese boys love manga written and illustrated by Lily Hoshino.
GoHands and Shingo Suzuki are returning to produce and direct the anime, respectively.
Bats & Terry is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Yasuichi Oshima.
s-CRY-ed has been popular in Japan, often appearing on polls taken by Japanese magazines, and once took third place in the Anime Grand Prix awards.
The anime series goes under the name The Third: Aoi Hitomi no Shōjo.
The series aired on Fuji TV from April 2, 1969 to September 24, 1969, totaling 26 episodes.
The story revolves around the journey of a young man named Ral from the kingdom of Sphaelite.
The story is based on a Chinese novel, Shui Hu Zhuan also known as Water Margin, and is set in the year 1112 in China.
The series is licensed in North America by Sentai Filmworks.
Cyborg 009 is a manga created by Shotaro Ishinomori.
Eureka Seven, known in Japan as Psalms of Planets Eureka Seven, is a 2005 Japanese anime series created by Bones.
The TV series was produced by Toei Animation a subsidiary of Toei Company, and directed by Kazumi Fukushima.
It revolves around Yamada Asaemon, nicknamed Kubikiri-Asa, a ronin who is responsible for testing new swords for the shogun.
It is distributed by Del Rey Manga in North America.
In May 2006, Sonnan ja nē yo reached a circulation of one million and two thousand copies with 6 volumes.
The English version, published by Fanfare/Ponent Mon, was released on March 15, 2006.
English translations have been completed by US company Tokyopop.
A manga adaptation illustrated by Japanese artist Asaki was first serialized in the Japanese magazine Comi Digi between December 10, 2005 and August 21, 2006.
A manga series that runs alongside the main series, titled Soul Eater Not!, began serialization in Monthly Shōnen Gangan on January 12, 2011.
From June 2012 to July 2015, the game was known as Dragon Nest 2.0.
Jihai is a SF Manga series by Toshimi Nigoshi that was serialized in comic B’s-LOG magazine from April 2006 until January 2008.
+Anima is an internationally published ten-volume manga series by Natsumi Mukai.
My Dear Marie is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Sakura Takeuchi.
The manga was serialized in Kodansha's manga magazine, Monthly Shōnen Sirius.
A single drama CD was produced on August 31, 2005 which came bundled with an art book.
There have been three manga adaptations based on HoneyComing published by ASCII Media Works and Kadokawa Shoten.
A two-episode OVA was also released for the series.
The manga is licensed in North America by Yen Press.
Suika has made several transitions to other media.
Since it was cancelled due to low ratings, the series was unsuccessful to continue its run, and there is not a proper ending for Ecchan.
The compiled episodes were released on DVD and Universal Media Discs by Starchild Records, and an English-language version was produced by ADV Films.
The manga is licensed for English-language release in North America by Viz Media, which released the first volume in January 2010.
In the US, it is published by VIZ Media.
He comments about this at the start of the story.
Battle Spirits: Shounen Toppa Bashin is a 2008 Japanese anime series based on the Battle Spirits Trading Card Game.
It started serialization in Jitsugyo no Nihon Sha's seinen magazine, Weekly Manga Sunday on November 15, 1988.
In 1997 the series won the New Manga Artist Award.
As the story progresses, it focuses on their roles as Storm Riders and their quest to be on the top of the Trophaeum Tower.
The entire twenty-six episodes of the series were later broadcast on WOWOW from October 24 until April 24, 1999.
It won the 28th Bungeishunjū Manga Award along with Ueda's Kariage-kun in 1982.
Kasane is an ongoing Japanese slice of life suspense seinen manga series written and illustrated by Daruma Matsuura.
Hakusensha aired a television commercial announcing the series on numerous Japanese television stations, also posting it on its official website.
The Confederacy had suggested to their leaders that it would support a state under Indian control if it won the war.
Arpeggio of Blue Steel is a Japanese manga series produced by Ark Performance and serialized in Shōnen Gahosha's Young King Ours.
The manga has been licensed in North America by Seven Seas Entertainment.
The second Galaxy Angel II game was released in October 2007 entitled Galaxy Angel II: Mugen Kairō no Kagi.
Gurren Lagann, known in Japan as Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann, is a Japanese mecha anime television series animated by Gainax and co-produced by Aniplex and Konami.
A manga adaptation was serialized in Kadokawa Shoten's Newtype Ace magazine between November 2011 and April 2013, and a video game is currently in production.
He is in love with "his most favorite" Yoshio Yoshida, a fellow student who protected Satō from bullies when he was younger.
The animation work was done by Gonzo.
It was originally serialized in Kodansha's Shōjo Club from 1953 to 1956, later collected and released into two tankōbon volumes.
Del Rey has licensed the English language manga rights, releasing the first volume on March 27, 2007.
The anime is split into two seasons, the first half first aired in April, while the second half aired in October 2016.
Both anime versions have been licensed by Bandai Entertainment.
Chiisai Oyaji Nikki is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Noi Asano.
The manga was originally published in the monthly shōjo manga anthology Nakayoshi.
The anime series, animated by Gallop, aired on TV Tokyo between April 2011 and March 2014, following the previous anime series, Yu-Gi-Oh!
A drama CD, based on the anime version, was released on November 25, 2004 by Geneon.
Viz Media has licensed the manga in the United States under the Viz Kids label.
The website Crunchyroll purchased the anime's streaming rights and home video rights.
An anime television series aired in Japan between January and June 2017, with its first 13 episodes available on Netflix worldwide beginning on June 30, 2017.
It was released on February 24, 2012.
This manga series has ended with volume 23 in August 2004 in Japan.
The series marked the first time that Ando illustrated a manga that was not also written by her.
An anime adaptation produced by AIC A.S.T.A.
In Lord Marksman and Vanadis, the fictional European country of Brune is under the leadership of King Faron.
Magical Girl Pretty Sammy is an example that was adapted into a manga series.
The first volume was released on September 13, 2010 and the final volume was released on June 24, 2015.
on March 22, 2004, and is published by Futabasha.
The new anime, titled Code Geass: Lelouch of the Resurrection, will take place a few years after the events of the Zero Requiem.
Kuro breaks his control chip, escapes and becomes a vigilante.
It was translated into English and published in four volumes by Dark Horse Comics between 2005 and 2006.
The story follows orphan Tobei, who was beheaded for committing countless crimes in the Edo period and sent to Hell where he suffered for 300 years.
It is published in English by Seven Seas Entertainment, in French by Editions Ki-oon, and in German by Tokyopop.
Sasami-san@Ganbaranai is a Japanese light novel series written by Akira, with illustrations by Hidari.
An all-ages consumer port titled Da Capo II: Plus Situation containing additional scenarios was released for the PlayStation 2 in May 2008.
An original video animation episodes was included with the final anime DVD volume released on September 26, 2008.
Its story is meant to take place between Dragon Warrior III and Dragon Warrior video games.
Four drama CD adaptations titled Mashiroiro Symphony Original Drama CD Series were released by Lantis in 2010.
Both the anime and manga have been licensed in North America by Tokyopop.
It is also recognized as one of the only Japanese shock films directed towards children.
The series is noted to have a unique storyline, characters and elements revolving around Magic, Witches and Alchemy.
Like the original series, there is still a large amount of fan service.
The story follows Minatsu, a popular high-school girl, as she deals with the unwanted romantic attentions of multiple boys and a teacher.
Desert Coral is a manga series by Wataru Murayama.
It started serialization on Square Enix's seinen manga magazine Young Gangan on August 25, 2005.
This manga is a remake of Tatakae!
Grey is a Japanese science fiction manga created by Yoshihisa Tagami that was published in the 1980s.
Bandai Entertainment had licensed the first season until their closure in 2012.
The Loudest Whisper: Uwasa No Futari is the title of a yaoi manga by Temari Matsumoto.
Konjiki no Gash Bell premiered on Fuji TV on April 6, 2003 and ran until March 23, 2006.
It is licensed in English by Aurora Publishing, which released the manga in August 2008.
The individual chapters were republished by Shueisha in ten tankōbon volumes.
The original manga series met with controversy in 1990–1991 in Japan and was retired from its magazine serialization.
E's is a Japanese shōnen manga series written and drawn by Satoru Yuiga.
Kunisaki Izumo no Jijō is a 2010 Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Aya Hirakawa.
The manga was published in 1997, in Kodansha.
The story covers two best-friends, Kazuki Naruse and Haruki Koutake, which is on the advanced track of Seitoukou Academy.
The anime series' time slot was replaced by Demashita!
The format was a collection of horror-themed short stories that were presented by a ghost girl named Yomi.
The name is a play on words: binchōtan is a kind of charcoal, which is mainly used for cooking.
It was adapted into a live action film in 2013.
It ran for 49 episodes; beginning on April 7, 1995 and ending on March 29, 1996.
It is based on the Level-5 video game series of the same title.
The first two books were illustrated by manga artist Kozumi Shinozawa, while the remaining three will be illustrated by a different artist.
The American edit of Cardcaptors, however, was heavily panned by critics for cutting out character backgrounds essential to understanding the plot.
The boxset also contains official character art, information on the characters and extra bonuses.
It is a spinoff of the manga series Fist of the North Star by Buronson and Tetsuo Hara.
It was serialized in Square Enix's shōnen manga magazine Monthly Gangan Wing between the August 2002 and January 2008 issues.
Studio Pierrot adapted the series into a 52-episode anime series.
It is licensed in German by Carlsen Verlag.
Originally serialized in Shōjo Comic, the individual chapters were published in ten tankōbon volumes by Shogakukan from May 2003 until August 2005.
The manga was originally serialized in Shogakukan's Big Comic Spirits magazine from 1989 to 1990.
The fourth anime installment will feature 6 new episodes, and 6 'reminiscence' episodes.
The series depicts their adventures, and sexual escapades, as they travel around the world embarking on various quests.
Ambassador Magma is the title and protagonist of a manga and tokusatsu TV series created by Osamu Tezuka, the writer of Mighty Atom and Jungle Emperor.
A large portion of the Machine Robo toy line was exported and sold by Tonka in America as Gobots and Rock Lords.
The first part of the film was released on Yahoo!
Phoenix is an unfinished manga series by Osamu Tezuka.
A live-action sequel was also aired on NTV from July 11, 2015 until September 19, 2015.
Starting on November 21, 1998, it ran to fifty-eight chapters and ended on August 21, 2003.
Amaterasu, the immortal emperor of the Grees Kingdom on the planet Delta Belune, is destined to rule the whole Joker System.
Since its debut on September 16, 2006, it has been serialized in Square Enix's shōnen manga magazine Monthly GFantasy.
A final tournament will take place in May 2017, with the franchise's tournaments and campaigns ending at the end of June 2017.
The last volume of the manga sold 32,366 copies in the first week of release in Japan and was ranked 21st.
It was originally serialized in Weekly Shōnen Jump in 1998, with the twelve chapters collected into a single tankōbon volume by Shueisha.
It is unrelated to the Peace Maker manga by Ryōji Minagawa.
A 12-episode anime television series adaptation by Silver Link aired between October 7 and December 23, 2015.
Gundam SEED X Astray is about Canard Pars, who is a failed experiment from the Ultimate Coordinator program.
It was adapted as two video games for Game Boy Advance released in 2003 and 2004 by Rocket Company.
In Japan, some games in the series do not use the "Megami Tensei" title, such as the Persona subseries.
Spiral: The Bonds of Reasoning was originally licensed for an English language release in North America by Tokyopop, however the company dropped the series.
In 2016 it was adapted into an anime television series and a manga.
Dusk Maiden of Amnesia is a Japanese manga series, written and illustrated by Maybe.
Translucent is a Japanese seinen manga series written by Kazuhiro Okamoto and serialized in Comic Flapper.
An English language adaptation of the first four acts was published under the title Hellhounds: Panzer Cops in 1994 by Dark Horse Comics.
A drama CD of the series was released along with the December 2005 issue of Ribon.
is a Japanese yaoi manga written and illustrated by Kaori Monchi.
A Kino's Journey light novel was only released as a promotional gift for the second animated movie.
Saber Marionette J is a Japanese anime produced by Hal Film Maker, aired on TV Tokyo from October 1, 1996 to March 25, 1997.
It features cards, mirrors, and changing forms as important key elements.
The association of knots with the symbolism of love, friendship and affection dates back to antiquity.
CMX purchased the English rights but never released it due to the imprint's cancellation.
The first two volumes of the manga has been named as Great Graphic Novels for Teens by the Young Adult Library Services Association.
The series revolved around a teenage robot named R. Ichiro Tanaka.
Strait Jacket is a light novel series by Ichirō Sakaki with illustrations by Yō Fujishiro, published by Fujimi Shobo under their Fujimi Fantasia Bunko imprint.
Viz Media has licensed the manga for publication in North America.
This comic and anime are widely popular not only in Japan, but in many countries around the world.
The series was initially published in Shōnen Sunday Super running monthly from 1988 volume 9 through 1990 volume 38.
The main premise of Kyō no Go no Ni is the school life of the fifth year class 5-2 directed by Makoto Sokuza.
Published in December 2001, the 240 page graphic novel follows the story of Izuko, a beautiful and mysterious "Guardian of the Gate" to the Afterlife.
A sequel series, W Juliet II, is ongoing in The Hana to Yume, and collected in four volumes as of February 2015.
is a Japanese shōjo manga series by Kazuko Fujita.
The manga was serialized in the two magazines between the November 2005 and January 2012 issues.
The English version released by Geneon changed the title to Ghost Talker's Daydream, which is not a direct translation of the formal manga title.
Kiss×sis is a Japanese seinen manga written and illustrated by Bow Ditama.
It has also sold reasonably, appearing in weekly top ten lists of best-selling manga both in Japan and North America.
Aiura is a Japanese yonkoma shōnen manga series by Chama.
is a Japanese manga by Syun Matsuena serialized in the weekly manga magazine Shōnen Sunday from December 2014 to June 2017.
It features the exploits of the Takezou Muto and the Kinushima sisters as they run the otaku shop Maniac Road.
Following directly in the footsteps of Takahashi's previous series, Fang of the Sun Dougram, VOTOMS continued the trend towards hard science in the mecha anime subgenre.
Waru is a Japanese josei manga written and illustrated by Jun Fukami.
There is also an Allison sound novel for the Nintendo DS which was released on December 7, 2006.
The first anime was licensed by Right Stuf International for distribution in North America; the first DVD was released in March 2007.
The anime is considered a mix of Genma Taisen, Mazinger and Gundam.
The series was adapted as a 50-episode anime television series that aired on the TV Tokyo network from April 5, 2009 to March 28, 2010.
It began airing on MBS on October 5, 2012.
The director Gorō Taniguchi commented that the upcoming project would star an alive Lelouch and not as an alternate setting.
Remote was adapted into a ten-episode Japanese television drama in October 2002.
Solanin is a Japanese slice of life romance music manga series written and illustrated by Inio Asano.
Falcom Gakuen is a Japanese 4-panel comedy manga series by Daisuke Arakubo, serialized in Field Y's Falcom Magazine.
is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by manga author Masakazu Iwasaki.
The series follows Ginko, a man who dedicates himself to keeping people protected from supernatural creatures called Mushi.
It was first serialized in Shogakukan's Big Comic Spirits since 1990, but was later serialized in Kodansha's Young Magazine, in which Initial D is also serialized.
On August 22, 2016, the twelfth light novel was announced, slated for release on August 26.
It was serialized in Shueisha's manga magazine Ribon from July 1982 to October 1994.
-Sweet Lovers' Concerto- was released on November 27, 2009.
A sequel, Gravitation EX., was published in the web magazine Genzo from 2004 to 2009 and returned in 2011 to Web Spica.
The anime series was broadcast in Mexico and South America by the anime television network, Animax, under the name Mythical Sleuth Loki.
Legend of Himiko is an anime series, manga book, and PlayStation game.
The manga version of Demon Prince Enma would get a sequel called Satanikus Enma Kerberos by Eiji Karasuyama in 2007.
The manga would come packaged with a limited edition plastic-figure assembly kit, designed by Ohshima Yuki, of the featured character of the week.
Claymore is a dark fantasy manga series written and illustrated by Norihiro Yagi.
Enigma, stylized as ǝnígmǝ, is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Kenji Sakaki, and serialized in Weekly Shōnen Jump magazine.
Cantarella has also been translated into Traditional Chinese by Ever Glory Publishing in Taiwan, French by Asuka, German by Carlsen Comics, English by Go!
It was originally released on September 30, 2011 for Microsoft Windows.
J.C.Staff produced two 24-episode anime series between 2008 and 2011.
A fourth season has been announced and will premiere in 2018.
is a Japanese anime produced by Toei Animation between November 7, 1993 and December 25, 1994 on the Fuji TV television network; there were fifty-eight episodes.
As of 2016, 64 volumes of the manga have been published.
Critical reception to the anime has been generally positive due to its delivery of conventional story elements often seen in the Gundam series alongside supernatural parts.
It was originally serialized between January 1997 and July 2000 in the manga magazine Weekly Morning.
The stories were a part of a reader participation game in ASCII Media Works' Dengeki G's Magazine where readers could influence the progression of the story.
Dogs is a Japanese manga series by Shirow Miwa.
A live-action television series began airing in December 2016 and a live-action film will be released in 2017.
Queen's Blade Rebellion is a series of visual combat books published by Hobby Japan.
Jing: King of Bandits features a motif in the form of references to alcohol.
Four-Eyed Prince is a four volume shōjo manga series by Wataru Mizukami.
In Germany Kokoro Button is published by Egmont Manga & Anime.
A 16 pages extra Act Kerberos Panzer Cop: Special Issue was prepublished in Kerberos Panzer Cops: Tokyo War, the Kerberos Saga's definitive guide.
An anime television series adaptation by Madhouse aired in Japan between July and September 2014.
His life as a student and artist in Tokyo is suddenly interrupted by a mysterious stalker, strange planes invading the city and strange machines fighting back.
It depicts the romance between "perfect" student Yukino Miyazawa and her academic rival Soichiro Arima, and the relationships of several of their friends.
The chapters have been collected in twenty-two bound volumes.
The anime version of Rokuda's earlier manga Dash Kappei, made by Tatsunoko Production in 1981–1982, had also been successful in Italy.
His best friend Adolf Kaufmann is of both Japanese and German descent.
Angel began his career in New York City, before moving his base of operations to the Las Vegas Valley.
The anime used to be available subtitled on Crunchyroll.
A second film was released in 2014.
It is finished with 10 volumes in Japan and is serialized in Hana to Yume.
The title has also been translated as Hell City Shinjuku and Monster City.
Lawrence is a shōnen-ai manga by Tomoko Kosaka loosely based on the life of T. E. Lawrence.
Unico is a manga and anime character by Osamu Tezuka.
Shogakukan published 11 volumes from May 2007 to September 2016.
Another prequel manga, K: Stray Dog Story, ran in Kodansha's good!
Bukatsu-mono is a Japanese anime television series.
!, that condenses Gunbuster and Diebuster into two feature-length movies, was released on October 1, 2006.
A 45-minute original video animation was released in 1994.
Orenchi no Furo Jijō is a Japanese four-panel comedy manga series by Itokichi, serialized in Media Factory's Monthly Comic Gene since 2011.
The eight volumes were localized for North America by Tokyopop; Madman Entertainment used Tokyopop's translations for distribution in Australasia.
The Dreamcast and PlayStation 2 versions were released by Alchemist in 2004.
Outlaw Star was originally serialized in the monthly Shueisha magazine Ultra Jump between 1996 and 1999 for a total of 21 chapters.
Giant Killing is Japanese manga series written by Masaya Tsunamoto and illustrated by Tsujitomo.
In 1998, it was adapted as an 11-episode television drama series by Fuji TV.
It has been collected intwelve tankōbon volumes as of February 2015.
The work has been adapted into an animated feature film, Tatsumi, directed by Eric Khoo and released in 2011.
The series was published in 10 volumes between 1990 and 1994.
The extensive use of French titles has also been criticized as being distracting and initially difficult to follow.
The anime was licensed in North America by Funimation under the fully translated title Shigurui: Death Frenzy.
Noragami is a Japanese manga series by Adachitoka.
A 24-episode anime adaption, with 3 seasons, directed by Toshiya Shinohara and produced by A-1 Pictures, aired from October 2008 to March 2009.
Comic anthologies and light novels were also published, as were several music albums.
The series made its North American television debut on March 22, 2010, when it started airing on the Funimation Channel.
In 2005, the manga, along with Jōkyō Monogatari, won Saibara the Short story Award at the Tezuka Osamu Cultural Prizes.
It was produced with the assistance of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency, which included astronaut Naoko Yamazaki voicing herself in Episode 7.
The Law of Ueki was one of several titles involved in the deal.
It is licensed in English by 801 Media, and the two volumes were released in March and May 2009.
The manga relaunched from April 2011 to June 2012 with two separate storylines published in Manga Time Kirara and Manga Time Kirara Carat.
Tonari no 801-chan, literally translated as My Neighbor Yaoi-chan, is a Japanese four-panel Internet manga written and illustrated by Ajiko Kojima.
Court no Naka no Tenshi-tachi is a Japanese erotic visual novel developed by Pinpai and published by Pink Pineapple, released on September 22, 1999 for Windows.
It is also published in Korea, Hong Kong and Taiwan.
In 2003, Tokyopop acquired the license to release the series in North America.
A third season aired from October 2016 to December 2016.
An English dub Den-noh Coil was released on Blu-ray and DVD by Maiden Japan in June 2016.
Rose Guns Days is a four-part Japanese dōjin visual novel series produced by 07th Expansion and playable on Windows PCs.
Nonchan Noriben is a Japanese manga by Kiwa Irie.
The story takes place in an alternate history where magic exists and is polished through modern technology.
But in 2016 Fukuda retired from this work, and Rei Hanagata was announced as the new script writer.
An upcoming American film is scheduled to be released on Netflix on August 25, 2017.
In 2000, the manga received the Shogakukan Manga Award for children's manga.
Samurai Champloo has many similarities to Shinichirō Watanabe's other work Cowboy Bebop.
ReRe Hello is a Japanese slice of life romance shōjo manga series written and illustrated by Tōko Minami and serialized on Shueisha's Bessatsu Margaret magazine.
Viz Media has also released each of the Bleach feature films in English.
However, as the game takes place around the same time as the first game, it is a prequel to Valkyria Chronicles II.
According to ICv2, the series was the sixth best-selling manga series in the US for 2011.
Mari-chan is a Japanese manga series by Kimiko Uehara.
The Severing Crime Edge is a Japanese manga series, written and illustrated by Tatsuhiko Hikagi.
The manga is serialised in Shinshokan's Wings.
Chicago is a near-future action manga written by Yumi Tamura.
It was serialized by Kodansha in the manga anthology magazine Weekly Morning from 1994 to 2005.
It was first serialized in the Japanese semi-monthly shōjo manga magazine Hana to Yume published by Hakusensha.
As of June 2016, the chapters have been compiled into nine tankōbon volumes.
A dismissed batsman, who is declared to be "out", must leave the field to be replaced by a team-mate.
This series follows a basic magical-girl progression, and falls into many of the magical girl tropes common in the late nineties.
The story is based on the 2006 film Boys Love and the follow up 2007 film Boys Love, the Movie both co-written directed by Kotaro Terauchi.
In 2014 a live-action version of the manga, starring Mikuru Uchino, Aimi Yoshikawa and Megu Fujiura, was produced by SPO Entertainment.
A 26-episode anime television series was produced by Madhouse and broadcast on Japanese television network Nippon Television from October 2005 to March 2006.
The series also aired in the Philippines via GMA 7 and dubbed in Filipino language which runs from late 2000 until mid-2001.
The manga was initially licensed by Tokyopop in North America and picked up by One Peace Books in 2016 after Tokyopop lost the license in 2011.
It is published in Japan by Shogakukan in Sho-Comi and collected in 28 volumes.
Ogre Slayer is a manga series written and illustrated by Kei Kusunoki.
Fractale is an 11-episode Japanese anime television series produced by A-1 Pictures and Ordet and directed by Yutaka Yamamoto.
The manga was serialized in Ribon Magazine from January 1995 to June 1996, and subsequently collected into four bound volumes published by Shueisha.
It was adapted into an anime version that was first released as an OVA then a full length TV series and finally as a sequel movie.
Yuyushiki is a Japanese 4-panel manga series written and illustrated by Komata Mikami, which began serialization in Houbunsha's Manga Time Kirara magazine from April 2008.
The character designs were done by Toshie Kawamura, who later worked on the character designs for Smile PreCure!.
Three manga adaptations are published by Kadokawa Shoten and Media Factory.
The normal edition premiered in ninth place at the time of its release and remained in the top 50 for an additional three half-months.
Midori Days is a shōnen fantasy manga by Kazurou Inoue.
The manga has been made into a Japanese live-action drama by TBS, which was broadcast from January 12, 2016 to March 15, 2016.
Land of the Lustrous is a Japanese action fantasy manga series written and illustrated by Haruko Ichikawa, starting in 2012.
Sci-Fi HARRY is a 1995 manga series by George Iida and Asami Tohjoh which was adapted into an anime series broadcast in Japan in 2000.
This series ran concurrently with another Chiba manga series Play Ball, which ran in Weekly Shōnen Jump from 1973 to 1978.
The series was the first big success for Go Nagai.
Tokyopop's volumes of Rozen Maiden have appeared on ICv2's monthly top one-hundred selling graphic novels.
This was quickly followed by a second 24-episode series, from July 22 to December 24, 2001.
Go Nagai also wrote the lyrics to the opening theme song.
Tegami Bachi is a shōnen manga written and illustrated by Hiroyuki Asada.
The series spanned 10 episodes, released in Japan between February 10, 2006 and December 26, 2012.
The series was adapted into three anime television films and a live-action television drama.
Ghost Sweeper Mikami: The Great Paradise Battle!!
Its chapters are serialized in Gangan Online, have been published in both physical and digital releases of Shoujo Romance Girly and tankōbon volumes by Square Enix.
School Rumble has been translated into additional languages, although the final two episodes, the video games, and guidebooks have yet to be released outside Japan.
A manga adaptation began serialization in Kadokawa Shoten's seinen manga magazine Comp Ace from June 2014.
Later, Alchemist ported the game without the erotic content to the PlayStation Portable.
The manga was serialized in Nihonbungeisha's manga magazine, Nichibun Comics.
It was later acquired by Ichijinsha and four tankōbon volumes have been published since 2014.
It was serialised by Kodansha and was released in 14 volumes between 2000 and 2005, with an additional side-story volume being released in 2002.
Elements of multiple philosophies and religions, occultism, cyberpunk and early science fiction have all been incorporated into the series at different times.
The Big O is a Japanese anime television series created by designer Keiichi Sato and director Kazuyoshi Katayama for Sunrise.
A second anime adaptation began broadcasting on July 1, 2016.
The director Gorō Taniguchi commented that the upcoming project would star an alive Lelouch and not as an alternate setting.
The third series ran from 1985–1987 on TV Asahi.
Canard is searching for Kira Yamato, the successful Ultimate Coordinator, so that he can defeat him and prove he was not a "failure".
The first two books in the series detail Shima and Hikaru's relationship while Hikaru is still a high school student.
Casshern Sins made its English broadcast premiere on Funimation Channel on December 14, 2010.
The show uses a musical comedy format, with the characters often breaking out in song to show their emotions or go through a montage scene.
Her secret identity is the student Susumi Fuji.
A second season premiered in October 2015 with a second OVA to follow in January 2016.
The series features characters and plotlines from the manga artist's entire canon of work, effectively creating an all-new story.
Kongoh Bancho is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Nakaba Suzuki.
It appeared in Kodansha's Weekly Morning from 1997 to 2003 and has been gathered into nine book collections.
City Hunter is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Tsukasa Hojo.
It is the fourth installment in the Gundam franchise and the final full series to be set in the Universal Century calendar.
Outside Japan, both series are licensed in Taiwan by Tong Li, in Indonesia by Elex Media Komputindo, and South Korea by Final.
The localized series is available for streaming exclusively on Netflix in all its territories as part of its original programming.
It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing, which released the manga through its imprint, Juné, on May 6, 2009.
Musashi no Ken received the 1984 Shogakukan Manga Award for shōnen manga.
It was serialized from December 2010 until November 2011.
Battle Royal High School, originally known as Majinden is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Shinichi Kuruma.
The manga features a setting similar to the European Middle Ages, with its titular group of knights representing the seven deadly sins.
Both seasons have now been licensed for a release in the U.S. by Funimation Entertainment.
The franchise has also spawned soundtrack CDs and other merchandise released both in Japan and in the United States.
The chapters are collected into 18 tankōbon volumes in Japan.
It is about a boy named Ren who just wants to be one of the cool kids, but he secretly is a nerdy monster fanatic.
The manga, published in English by CPM Manga, is significantly different from the anime.
Chivalry of a Failed Knight, Hepburn: Rakudai Kishi no Kyabarurii, lit.
Her favorites subjects to draw are trains and birds.
Set in feudal Japan, it tells the story of a low-born ninja who has fled his clan.
An animated TV series began airing in Japan on April 2, 2012.
The manga was serialized in the Japanese shōnen manga magazine Weekly Shōnen Champion between 2006 and 2007.
Some of its characters returned with different names as part of other series, such as Cutie Honey, UFO Robot Grendizer and Mazinger Angels Z among others.
The series is written by Shōji Yonemura, who is best known as the head writer of Glass Fleet and Kamen Rider Kabuto.
The future of the English version of the manga is unknown, as Tokyopop itself shut down in May 2011 after they were faced with bankruptcy.
Fullmetal Alchemist is a Japanese shōnen manga series written and illustrated by Hiromu Arakawa.
The sixteen chapters were compiled into four bound volumes by Hakusensha, and were published from June 2004 to December 2007.
It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing, which released the manga through its imprint, Juné, on 16 December 2009.
Character and mechanical designs are provided by Yoshikazu Yasuhiko and Hajime Katoki, respectively.
It has spawned two tankōbon volumes published on 16 May, and 17 July 2014.
Hanamaru Kindergarten is a Japanese situation comedy manga series written and illustrated by Yuto and published by Square Enix.
Majokko Tickle, also known as Magical Girl Tickle or Magical Girl Chickle, is a 1970s magical girl manga and anime by Go Nagai.
Rocket Girls is a light novel written by Hōsuke Nojiri.
In order to catch up, he began creating a manga about the high school baseball career of his main character, Takao Taniguchi.
The series contains 15 volumes published by Media Factory under their MF Bunko J imprint between November 2006 and March 2010.
The title character is a catgirl slave named Pink, who belongs to a "hero" named Santa.
is an abbreviation of Mayoeru Shitsuji to Chikin na Ore to.
The manga based on the first game, Medarot, was never translated into English.
On July 3, 2006 the series was released on DVD in the UK, and it was aired on AnimeCentral in the UK a few years later.
This was followed by a seven-episode series, with episodes being streamed between May 2, 2008 and May 8, 2009.
Its first release was on August 25, 2006.
For the Japanese premiere, the film was screened with an animated short called Dareka no Manazashi, also directed by Shinkai.
It was originally published in Shueisha's Weekly Young Jump from 1979-06-07 to the issue of 1982-01-07/14.
Rune Soldier is an anime and manga series based on the original light novel series by Ryo Mizuno, which features soldier Louie as the hero.
Some character developments have been well received and the series' second half has been praised for its setting.
In Canada, the series aired on YTV starting June 2, 2012, while new episodes of Zexal II moved to Teletoon on May 4, 2014.
4/5 of Kodansha's Young Magazine in 2002.
The style of the manga has a comedic gag with a slight harem feel and constantly breaks the fourth wall.
This project is also not related to a planned CGI movie tie-in to the newest game in the .hack series, .hack//Link.
Ogre Slayer is about a young man who hunts ogres).
It was serialized from 2004 to 2007 in the manga magazine Princess and collected in ten tankōbon volumes.
It began serialization in July 2009 in Kodansha's Weekly Shōnen Magazine.
Diary of Ma-chan is a manga by Osamu Tezuka that began serialization in 1946.
It was adapted from the Sega arcade game of the same name.
The series was licensed in North America by Aniplex of America and was streamed with English subtitles by Crunchyroll and Hulu.
Fantasy Zone is an arcade game released by Sega internationally on March 28, 1986, and is the first Fantasy Zone series.
Chibisan Date is a manga series by Hidekaz Himaruya.
The first adapted stories from the manga that were not featured in the anime, while the second was a sequel to the manga.
Mobile Suit Gundam: The 08th MS Team is an original video animation anime series in the Gundam franchise.
The series has twenty-four volumes and is still serialized in Shōnen Sunday.
It was serialized in Kodansha's Kiss manga magazine and 15 volumes have been published.
Released to critical acclaim, the anime television series has been well received in Japan, selling over a million DVD and Blu-ray Disc volumes.
Gurren Lagann takes place in a fictional future where Earth is ruled by the Spiral King, Lordgenome, who forces mankind to live in isolated subterranean villages.
It was adapted into a live-action television drama which aired on FujiTV from August–September 2013.
Kimengumi is a manga series written by Motoei Shinzawa which ran in Weekly Shōnen Jump from 1982 to 1987.
This is a convention where various artists gather together to share both parody, homage, and original work.
The new manga is being serialized in Ultra Jump since August 2010.
from June 2004 to December 2005, and later collected into a single volume.
The manga chapters ended on November, 2010, and the series has 6 collected volumes published by Ichijinsha.
In April 2011, Masahiro Itosugi announced that there will be no more printings of Volumes 1 and 3 due to Bill 156.
The television series is designed as a tribute to Japanese and Western shows from the 1960s and 1970s.
Liar x Liar is an ongoing Japanese slice of life comedy shōjo series written and illustrated by Renjūrō Kindaichi.
Hyde & Closer is a Japanese shōnen manga series written and illustrated by Haro Aso.
Italian dubbed version of the anime also aired in Poland in the early 90s with Polish voice-over, where it was known under its Italian name.
The anime is considerably condensed when compared to its manga source material, making many characters seem out of place.
An anime adaptation produced by Hoods Entertainment aired in Japan from April to June 2014, and is licensed in North America by NIS America.
Maka-Maka is a Japanese adult manga series written and illustrated by manga author Torajirō Kishi.
Lion Books is a 1950s Japanese manga series by Osamu Tezuka.
It is also revealed that her other close friend, Aina Hazumi, is also a Crest-bearer.
An English adaptation is being published by Dark Horse Comics.
-Survival Game Club!- is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hidekichi Matsumoto.
It was nominated for the first annual Manga Taishō award in 2008 and one of the Young Adult Library Services Association's 2008 Great Graphic Novels.
The title literally translates to High School!
The individual chapters were then collected into seven tankōbon volumes by Shogakukan.
Lovely Idol first began as a set of illustrated short stories serialized in Enterbrain's Magical Cute magazine.
It was serialized in Kadokawa Shoten's Monthly Shōnen Ace and began its run in the April issue, released on February 26, 2008.
A live-action adaptation will be released on February 25, 2017.
Bow Wow Wata is a manga by Kazumi Umekawa that was initially serialized in Weekly Comic Bunch from 2001 throughout 2004.
!, is a Japanese light novel series written by Ryohgo Narita, with illustrations by Suzuhito Yasuda, that has also been adapted into a Japanese anime series.
The story is set in Eitoku Academy, an elite school for children from rich families.
In France Samurai Usagi is published by Glénat.
It is one of the manga series with most volumes, with 110 volumes.
It was serialized in Weekly Shōnen Sunday from September 1987 to March 1996, with the chapters collected into 38 tankōbon volumes by Shogakukan.
The three of them share the same basic premise but have a different story.
The story centers on Subaru Natsuki, a hikikomori who suddenly finds himself transported to another world on his way home from the convenience store.
It was adapted into an anime television series in 2013.
Its debut followed shortly after the conclusion of a preceding Mega Man anime series, MegaMan NT Warrior, which ran from 2002 to 2006.
Zetsuai 1989 is a Japanese yaoi manga known for its melodramatic, almost operatic plot, its "semi-insane characters", and for the controversial style of its artwork.
In December 2011 it was selected out of 11 winners of the New Author Awards to become the first BOX-AiR series to be animated.
There have been six manga adaptations based on Rose Guns Days published by Kodansha and Square Enix.
The series was announced for North American release by Funimation on February 19, 2009.
All five volumes were based on works by noted author and wildlife artist Ernest Seton, and used text written by Kenji Uchiyama.
Popotan is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by Petit Ferret with character designs by Akio Watanabe under the alias Poyoyon Rock.
The manga focuses on the lives of two Japanese undercover narcotic police, Eto Kai and Kurabayashi Hal.
It has been serialized in Monthly Shōnen Sirius.
Lovely Angel is an erotic comedy manga series created by Go Nagai in 1996.
Strange+ is a gag manga series by Verno Mikawa.
A series of light novels, music CDs, and other merchandise relating to Brain Powerd also exist.
Demon Beast Invasion is a manga series written and illustrated by Toshio Maeda, published by Wani Magazine.
Directed by Hiroshi Nishikiori, it featured character designs by Toshihiro Kawamoto and premiered across Japan on October 7, 2006 on TBS.
Futari Daka is a Japanese motorcycle racing manga written and illustrated by Kaoru Shintani.
A manga adaptation with art by Chika Tōjō began serialization in Kadokawa Shoten's Comp Ace magazine from April 26, 2016.
Marude Dameo is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Kenji Morita.
Kagihime Monogatari Eikyū Alice Rondo, or simply Kagihime, is a manga written by Kaishaku.
Delicious in Dungeon is a Japanese fantasy comedy seinen manga series written and illustrated by Ryōko Kui.
The prologue chapter Gundam ALIVE Episode 0 is published in Gundam Magazine which was bundled with the November 2006 issue of Comic Bom Bom.
Another spin-off, Island Days, has been developed by Klon for the Nintendo 3DS.
A direct sequel, Futari wa Pretty Cure Max Heart, or simply Max Heart, aired in Japan between February 6, 2005 and January 29, 2006.
Teekyu is a sports comedy manga series serialized in Earth Star Entertainment's Comic Earth Star since February 2012.
It was serialized in Monthly Comic Birz between the September 2002 and July 2007 issues.
It is notable for featuring the first illustrated appearance of Ryu and Ken's sensei, Gouken.
A total of 25 volumes were published in Weekly Shōnen Jump between 1977 and 1981.
"I Really Like You" is a song recorded by Canadian singer Carly Rae Jepsen for her third studio album, Emotion.
The story begins with the attack of the 3rd Angel, much like the anime.
In order to leave the island, a student must kill one of their peers, and not be caught in the subsequent investigation and trial.
Girls und Panzer is a 2012 Japanese anime television series created by Actas.
A manga series by Seiko Takagi was also published by Square Enix.
Dame Oyaji is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Mitsutoshi Furuya.
Wandering Son is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Takako Shimura.
GoHands and Shingo Suzuki are returning to produce and direct the anime, respectively.
Two sequel visual novels were also produced for Windows: The Labyrinth of Grisaia in February 2012 and The Eden of Grisaia in May 2013.
However, they said it grew more violent after volume eight, becoming a typical shōnen series.
Nine volumes have been released in Japan by Square-Enix since 2007, ending the series.
Haunted Junction is a comedy anime and manga series created by Nemu Mukudori.
It is the story of Ataru Moroboshi, and the alien Lum, who believes she is Ataru's wife after he accidentally proposes to her.
An English-dubbed version produced by The Ocean Group aired by Cartoon Network Philippines on their Boomerang channel in 2008.
Funimation began licensing the series after Geneon ceased production of its titles.
It was originally published in Japan by Hakusensha, and was published in English by Viz Media, serialized in the magazine Shojo Beat.
The novel is serialized in Kadokawa Shoten's The Beans.
Shitsuji-sama no Okiniiri is a Japanese romantic comedy shōjo manga series with story by Fuyu Tsuyama and art by Rei Izawa.
The television series has also been broadcast in various other countries around the world.
A 12-episode anime adaptation by Studio Comet and directed by Shinji Takamatsu aired in Japan between July and September 2009.
In 2002, the manga was officially revived by Nagai, and during the same year a 13-episode anime adaption was created and broadcast in Japan by AT-X.
In 1995, Kishin Corps won the Seiun Award for "Best Japanese Novel of the Year".
An anime adaptation by AIC A.S.T.A was broadcast in Japan between October 2, 2007 and April 2, 2008 on TV Tokyo.
is a shōjo romance and drama manga written and illustrated by Ao Momori.
The series was also shown on the Sci Fi Channel in the UK in 2002-2003.
Both series are published in North America by Viz Media.
Kamikaze is a manga series written and illustrated by Satoshi Shiki, published in Kodansha's Afternoon magazine from 1998 to 2003.
It predates the Mahōtsukai Sunny manga, printed in 1966.
Originally a serial in Shōnen Sunday, it has been collected in 20 tankōbon volumes and adapted as a 50-episode anime series.
Houbunsha releases the manga three tankōbon volumes between June 2000 and October 2000.
It received the 1993 Shogakukan Manga Award for general manga.
Love Roma is a Japanese Romantic comedy manga series written and illustrated by Minoru Toyoda.
Bleach received the Shogakukan Manga Award for the shōnen demographic in 2005, and is among the best-selling manga in both Japan and the United States.
The story is about an immortal girl, Seine Miyazaki, and an orphan boy, Tatsuya Tsugawa, who gets involved with her.
BARRAGE is a Japanese shōnen manga series written and illustrated by Kōhei Horikoshi, creator of Oumagadoki Zoo and My Hero Academia.
Tylor is distributed across North America by The Right Stuf International.
It was adapted into an original video animation in 2013 and adapted into a live action film that was released on June 28, 2014.
The screenplay was adapted by Mori Masaki, and character designs were created by Moribi Murano, who also illustrated the novel series.
Tokyo Red Hood is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Benkyo Tamaoki.
Though Karakuri Odette is actually Suzuki's second series, it was awarded the "Outstand Debut" award in the 31st Hakusensha Athena Newcomers' Awards.
No explanation was given for the drastic departure of the final anime from the trailer.
Mutsumi Okubashi began serializing a manga adaptation in Gangan Joker in 2015.
Charlotte was praised for its unpredictability and evocative moments, but its pacing and structure have been criticized as inefficient.
Doors of Chaos is a manga written and illustrated by Ryoko Mitsuki.
On September 2016, it is currently being re-released by Wani Books and the manga will have a proper conclusion with eleven volumes.
These episodes were released onto the DVDs of the TV series, one episode for each DVD.
Although the series has not been licensed for release in North America, it has been simulcast by Crunchyroll which subbed the series.
Mahoraba is a manga series by Akira Kojima, which was later adapted into an anime.
She is descended from the great ninja Sasuke Sarutobi, and possesses ninja skills of her own.
The TV series was later licensed in North America and released on DVD by Media Blasters.
The series began publication in America starting with the January 2011 issue of Shonen Jump.
It is the first volume of the Classic Literature Club series.
Tsure ga Utsu ni Narimashite is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Tenten Hosokawa.
The manga is a parody manga and is constantly making fun out of the typical shōnen manga.
The project re-imagines various Sega video game consoles as anthropomorphized goddesses who appear all over modern Japan.
The cast of this film was officially revealed on 19 May 2011.
Funimation Entertainment purchased the rights to several of the television specials and films in 2002, and the fourth television series in 2012.
It has been serialized in Monthly CoroCoro Comic from June 2004.
Basara is a shōjo manga written by Yumi Tamura.
It is soon evident that the truth of Billy Bat's nature is far larger than Kevin could ever guess, spanning across millennia and the world.
The series is set in a futuristic date in which three factions divided from 70% of mankind are in war.
It will be adapted into a live action film that is scheduled for release on February 7, 2015.
Part of the story has been adapted into an OVA.
The ninth and final volume was released in Japan in December 2006.
In 2009, it was licensed by TokyoPop under the name Mad Love Chase, the subtitle of the series.
It was published in English by TOKYOPOP.
Most manga and light novels have also been published in North America by Bandai.
Some puppies can weigh 1–3 lb, while larger ones can weigh up to 15–23 lb.
It was published in 11 volumes between 2000 and 2010.
Three Japanese light novel adaptations have also been released for the series, along with a video game.
Panku Ponk received the 1984 Shogakukan Manga Award for the children's category.
Captain Tsubasa has sold over 82 million copies worldwide, making it one of the best-selling manga series.
An American computer-animated film based on the original manga series by Tezuka was released on October 23, 2009.
World Conquest Zvezda Plot is a Japanese anime television series produced by A-1 Pictures and directed by Tensai Okamura.
Manga Force: The Ultimate Collection was a UK based anime magazine published by Hachette Partworks in association with Manga Entertainment Ltd.
Two manga adaptations were published by ASCII Media Works and Square Enix.
The series was directed by Tomoki Kyoda, with series composition by Dai Satō and music by Naoki Satō.
A 12-episode anime television series adaptation produced by Madhouse and directed by Yūji Kumazawa, aired between July and September 2013.
Crayon Shin-chan first appeared in 1990 in a Japanese weekly magazine called Weekly Manga Action, which is published by Futabasha.
Though the scientists' original intention was to demonstrate the feasibility of eternal life, ES unexpectedly has the additional power of mind-control and memory-alteration.
Kamisama Dolls is a manga by Hajime Yamamura.
A couple of chapters were adapted into a "Vomic" series, which has voice actors act over the manga pages as they are shown on screen.
It also includes live versions of some of the singles, as well as previously unreleased songs.
The story mostly takes place on an Earthlike world, an otherdimensional planet from which the Earth can occasionally be glimpsed in the sky.
The individual volumes were collected and published in three tankōbon volumes between March 2002 to December 2002.
Cassandra Fedele was the most renowned woman scholar in Italy during the last decades of the Quattrocento.
Ryūsuke Mita's favorite animal is the dragon.
An anime adaptation by Sunrise aired in Japan between July 4 and September 26, 2012.
Ixion Saga Dimensional Transfer is a Japanese anime television series based on the online game Ixion Saga by Capcom.
A manga adaptation started serialization in the first issue of Jump Square magazine and had its last chapter published in the June 2012 issue.
A crowdfunding campaign started in July 2017 to fund an anime adaptation.
It was first published in 1989 during Japan's economic boom, when gambling manga became popular.
Tenjho Tenge, also written as Tenjo Tenge, is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Oh!
Lord marks the fourth time this creative team have worked together on a manga.
St&rs is a Japanese shonen manga written by Takeuchi Ryosuke and illustrated by Miyokawa Masaru.
The manga was adapted into a 2 episode anime OVA in 1989.
The anime aired in Japan on TV Tokyo between January and March 2006; the OVA was released in October 2006.
Released to critical acclaim, the anime television series has been well received in Japan, selling over a million DVD and Blu-ray Disc volumes.
"), featuring one of the main characters of Teekyu in her own adventures.
The manga started regular serialization in Square Enix's Monthly Shōnen Gangan manga magazine from May 12, 2004 to August 12, 2013.
Z Hen, the most prominent being the apparition of Zeus in his Zeta Mazinger form.
The New Dominion Tank Police series was also distributed in the UK, Australia and United States by Manga Entertainment, but later expired.
While the series fared modestly well in Japan, in the United States it found greater success and popularized the Gundam franchise in the West.
In Indonesia, the series known as Kungfu Boy.
is a Japanese shōjo manga by Yoshiki Nakamura.
Twinkle Crusaders) is a Japanese visual novel developed by Lillian, and was originally released as an adult game for the PC on September 26, 2008.
It was originally published by ASCII Media Works in Dengeki Daioh between November 2003 and May 2008.
Hybrid Child is a one-shot Japanese manga written and illustrated by Shungiku Nakamura; the creator of Junjou Romantica.
Samurai Deeper Kyo was serialized from October 15, 1999 to May 10, 2006 in Kodansha's Weekly Shōnen Magazine, and collected over 38 volumes.
Later, it was compiled into fourteen collected volumes by Kodansha in Japan.
The second shockwave, unlike the first, is to contain a great deal of matter composed of the remnants of the star itself.
An anime version of the story in 42 episodes was also produced in 1983-1984 by Toei Animation.
The fifth game in the series was released as The Legendary Starfy in North America on June 8, 2009.
A manga adaptation began serialization in Ultra Jump on October 18, 2008, an anime adaptation began airing on January 3, 2009.
is a Japanese anime, light novel and manga franchise.
Maps is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hasegawa Yuichi.
A Dark Rabbit Has Seven Lives is a Japanese light novel series by Takaya Kagami, with illustrations by Japanese-Brazilian illustrator Yū Kamiya.
The anime was licensed and released by Geneon Entertainment, also beginning in 2005, however, it is now licensed by Discotek Media.
It was originally published by Kadokawa Shoten in Comic Dragon, then a special issue of the Dragon Magazine.
Captain, along with Play Ball, won the 22nd Shogakukan Manga Award for shōnen in 1977.
It was directed by Sunrise veteran Shinji Takamatsu, and the screenplay was written by Hiroyuki Kawasaki.
Strain: Strategic Armored Infantry is a mecha anime series by Studio Fantasia.
Doberman Deka is a hardboiled manga series written by Buronson and drawn by Shinji Hiramatsu.
In promotion of the English adaptation, a press conference was held at the 2008 New York Comic Con with promotional artwork.
Broken Angels is a 5 volume manga created by Setsuri Tsuzuki which began in Kadokawa Shoten's Monthly Asuka.
Keshikasu-kun is a white eraser) is a Japanese children's manga written and illustrated by Noriyuki Murase.
The series aired between January 5, 2014 and March 30, 2014.
Konami has generally regarded the Goemon games as too specific to the Japanese market to be released worldwide.
The series was released in North America by ADV Manga and ADV Films, titled Chrono Crusade.
It premiered in Viz's monthly manga anthology Shojo Beat in the September 2008 issue.
The 37-episode anime series was broadcast from 31 March 1983 until 20 April 1984 on the Fuji Television network.
It was adapted into a television drama series, two live action films, two OVAs and two drama CDs.
Tokkō Jimuin Minowa is an ongoing Japanese legal comedy seinen manga series written and illustrated by Kei Ogawa and published by Kodansha.
A second season aired from October 2, 2016, to December 18, 2016.
It is loosely based on the Blue Dragon video game and ran in Weekly Shōnen Jump magazine from December 4, 2006 to July 9, 2007.
It aired in TV Tokyo from July 4, 2004 to December 26, 2004 for 26 episodes.
The game was first adapted into three light novels written by Utsusemi and illustrated by Hyūma Kitsuhi.
Although the last novel was published in 1994, the story was left incomplete.
Maken X is a first-person action hack and slash video game developed by Atlus for the Dreamcast.
The series was also the winner of the Anime Grand Prix in both 2004 and 2005 polls.
Umineko When They Cry is a Japanese murder mystery dōjin soft visual novel series produced by 07th Expansion.
The first anime, Psycho-Pass, has garnered critical acclaim in both Japan and the west with critics praising the characters' roles and interactions set in the dystopia.
Using powerful magic and swordsmanship they battle overreaching wizards, demons seeking to destroy the world, and an occasional hapless gang of bandits.
It also won the 2003 Seiun Award for Best Media.
Otokojuku is a manga series written and illustrated by Akira Miyashita.
The combinatorial mathematics formulation deals with a collection of finite sets.
It won the Kodansha Manga Award for shōjo manga in 1984.
It was to be released in November 2017, but later moved to August 25th, 2017.
Ultra Cute is a manga series written and illustrated Nami Akimoto.
The story focuses on the everyday life of the two unemployed sisters living in Tokyo who love Lolita fashion.
Zhcted, Brune's longtime rival, dispatches Leitmeritz war maiden Eleonora Viltaria to attack Brune.
It spanned two volumes and was published in 2004.
Nine volumes have been published so far.
Twenty five episodes of the series were broadcast in Japan on the television network TV Tokyo between October 3, 2007 and March 26, 2008.
Comi, Russian by Palma Press and Italian by Free Books.
An anime television adaptation by Sunrise began airing on TV Tokyo from October 8, 2012.
The erotic content was later removed when the game was ported to the PlayStation.
The player must organize his or her time between asking out members of the opposite sex and developing his or her abilities at school and sport.
The series was licensed for Crunchyroll Manga in October 2013.
The first two chapters received a "Vomic" adaptation for the television show Sakiyomi Jum-Bang!.
Inuyasha, also known as Inuyasha: A Feudal Fairy Tale, is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Rumiko Takahashi.
Ninja Nonsense is an absurdist comedy series which follows Shinobu as she trains to become a ninja.
It aired from July 1987 to March 1988, and its 17:00-17:30 timeslot was used to broadcast Mashin Hero Wataru at the end of its broadcast.
They can also be treated as dolls, by dressing them up in costumes and buying accessories for them.
Some US leaders believed that by reducing conflict between the peoples, they were saving the Choctaw from extinction.
Released in 2010, it is the second game in the Valkyria series of games and the sequel to Valkyria Chronicles.
Shibano also illustrates three manga adaptations, and a fourth manga is drawn by Sankaku Head.
It was announced on April 2, 2013, that the North American version of Dungeon Fighter Online would be shutting down on June 13, 2013.
It tells the story of Yuzu Hieda, a high school freshman and one of three sisters, all of whom are miko at the local Shinto shrine.
The main character, Hazel, sets off to catch Pokémon after a scientist named Grandpa agrees to make a love potion if she catches Pokémon.
A light novel prequel was also published by Kodansha Box.
It was adapted into a Japanese television drama series in 2013.
This show was broadcast from October 8, 1987 to September 28, 1989 with a total of 99 episodes and one TV Special.
It was adapted into an anime series by Japan Taps in 1993.
The television series started on January 9, 2006, replacing Battle B-Daman on TV Tokyo.
The game was positively received by critics and developed into a full franchise.
Monthly Asuka is a monthly Japanese shōjo manga magazine published by Kadokawa Shoten, aimed at teenage girls.
Two manga adaptations were published by MediaWorks and later ASCII Media Works.
It's published in English by Seven Seas Entertainment.
It then moved to Bessatsu Shōnen Magazine in June 2010, where it ended serialization in February 2011.
It won the third Manga Taishō and the Short Story Award at the 14th Tezuka Osamu Cultural Prize.
The plot of the story depicts a conflict between good and evil, implicated through the Karakuri Dôji created by the character Dr. Dunstan.
A 12-episode second season by Xebec titled Motto To-Love Ru aired between October and December 2010.
An anime adaptation has been produced by TMS Entertainment and directed by Akitaro Daichi and began airing in October 2012.
It is considered a classic by anime and manga critics, and has been influential in anime industry.
The tankōbon have been adapted into three anime series produced by Manglobe, which were broadcast in Japan from 2010 to 2013.
On October 22, 2010, an additional chapter of the manga was published in Ribon Fantasy Zokan Go Magazine.
It was adapted into a live action film, which premiered on September 7, 2013.
A manga adaptation by Hakaru Takagi began serialization in Media Factory's Monthly Comic Alive magazine in 2010.
The series chronicles the lives of the staff and customers of a restaurant called Fujimura, owned by veteran chef Kumano.
Shimpei Itoh is a Japanese manga artist.
In 1997, the series title was changed to reflect this change of focus.
Akane-chan is a shōjo manga series by Tetsuya Chiba.
The series was adapted into a twenty-six episode anime series entitled E's Otherwise by Studio Pierrot.
The story continue with the new name Magnum Rose Hip on the page of Shōnen Magazine.
The series was directed by Tomoki Kyoda, with series composition by Dai Satō and music by Naoki Satō.
In 2010 a game based on the series was released for the PC.
Soon after, Kimura wrote the seventh book, "Mangetsu no Yoru ni", finally ending the series.
In 2005, Gisaburō Sugii directed an animated film adaptation covering all seven books in the series.
Bandai Entertainment licensed the manga and anime series, including the OVA.
Papuwa(stylized PAPUWA) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Ami Shibata and adapted into a 26-episode anime of the same name.
The manga was serialized in Houbunsha's seinen manga magazine Manga Time Kirara between the May 2007 and October 2010 issues.
Harlem Beat details the struggles of young Nate Torres to go from a benchwarmer to a street-ball player.
The Devil Within is about a teenage girl who dislikes grown men and has feelings for her younger-looking neighbour, Tenshi.
When she arrives into the human world, she encounters a trainee priest and heir to the shrine Jin Mikasa.
Afro Tanaka spawned five manga series, and it was adapted into a live action film in 2012.
The Mystic Archives of Dantalian is a Japanese light novel series written by Gakuto Mikumo and illustrated by G-Yuusuke.
anime series is a spin-off sequel to Please Teacher!.
But the thing is—Elle doesn't want to fight!
The manga was serialized in Kodansha's shōnen magazine, Monthly Shōnen Sirius, ending the serialization at 5 chapters.
Strawberry Shortcakes is a one-volume manga written and illustrated by Kiriko Nananan, published by Shodensha in 2002.
An anime adaptation premiered in April 2016.
6, officially translated in Japan as "Blue Sub 006", is a post-apocalyptic 3-volume manga series written and illustrated by Satoru Ozawa.
A sequel film was released on July 12, 2014.
Boyfriend manga received the 1988 Shogakukan Manga Award for shōjo manga.
Anne Happy, also known as Unhappy Go Lucky!
Media Factory has published eleven volumes since October 2010.
Baby Birth is a two-volume manga series written by Sukehiro Tomita and illustrated by Haruhiko Mikimoto.
Kyōran Kazoku Nikki is a light novel series by Akira, with illustrations by x6suke.
It is licensed in North America by Funimation as the title Maken-Ki!
The manga has been published by Shogakukan in CoroCoro Comic.
The story depicts the final tournament of high school baseball, at the Hanshin Koushien Stadium in Nishinomiya, Japan.
No explanation was given for the drastic departure of the final anime from the trailer.
was produced by Madhouse, Nippon Television and VAP, directed by Satoshi Nishimura and ran on the Nippon Television Network from October 2000 to March 2002.
A new character named Mabel West, Miss Marple's great-niece, who becomes Poirot's junior assistant, is used to connect the two detectives.
Fushigi Yûgi Genbu Kaiden is a manga written by Yuu Watase.
The series is directed by Toshiaki Komura, who previously directed Kinnikuman Nisei.
Kizuna: Bonds of Love is a yaoi manga, authored by Kazuma Kodaka.
The pistol also has the ability to revive the dead by shooting a bullet with a ghost sealed inside into its original body.
The series was positively received by English-language readers, with three volumes placing on the New York Times Bestseller List for manga.
It was adapted into a manga, which caught up with the novel and then received an original ending, and ran from November 1991 to September 1996.
Finally, an anime version was adapted and aired in Japan between March and September 2005.
Gundam Build Fighters is a 2013 Japanese science fiction anime television series based on Sunrise's long-running Gundam franchise.
An anime adaptation produced by AIC aired in Japan in 2009, followed with a second season, a feature film, and two video games.
Amagami was released on March 19, 2009.
Zero, Ice Trail, Blue Mistral, Fairy Girls, and the first two volumes of Gaiden are all licensed for English release by Kodansha Comics USA.
Bunny Drop is a Japanese josei manga series by Yumi Unita.
Published by Hakusensha, it was serialized on LaLa magazine from 2008 to August 2011 and six volumes compiling the chapters were released.
The series was adapted into a thirteen episode anime series by Hal Film Maker, Kadokawa Shoten, and Rondo Robe.
Published as Tekken Chinmi in Japanese and Ironfist Chinmi in English.
The manga has been adapted into two live-action films in Japan in 2014 and 2015.
However, the manga has not appeared in the magazine since November 28, 2007.
The novel was initially serialized in Kadokawa Shoten's Newtype magazine between April 2004 and May 2005.
Soramitsu has also been adapted into other media.
The story revolves around the lives of a girl and two boys who are cousins, and their love triangle.
It was published by Frontier Works in Japanese, and was published in English by Digital Manga Publishing in May 2009.
Kamurobamura-e is a Japanese slice of life comedy seinen manga series written and illustrated by Mikio Igarashi.
is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hitoshi Shioya.
A hybrid Blu-ray Disc containing an original video animation and a PlayStation 3 video game was released on August 23, 2012.
An anime adaptation by Tatsunoko Production, titled Pretty Rhythm: Aurora Dream, aired in Japan between April 2011 and March 2012.
Originally planned as a 26 episode series, low viewership in Japan reduced production to the first 13.
It has been adapted into a live action TV drama series.
Official character designs were done by Yoshihiko Umakoshi.
Nodame Cantabile is a manga by Tomoko Ninomiya.
Parallel to the anime broadcast the manga was then concluded in Akita Shoten's Bōken'ō magazine.
It premiered on October 7, 2012, after an airing of Metal Fight Beyblade Zero-G on 8:45 JST at TV Tokyo.
It is based on the popular Bomberman video game series created by Hudson Soft.
These rings are a group of legendary artifacts with the power to resurrect the dead and grant immortality to anyone who collects 12 of them.
The title can be translated in English as Feverish Girl.
In 2005 it won in the general category of the Shogakukan Manga Award along with A Spirit of the Sun.
Sharp Point Press has also licensed See Me After Class in five other countries.
There is a Vandread Extra Stage Novel, that explains the events after Vandread: The Second Stage.
Yuri Seijin Naoko-san is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by manga author Kashmir.
Hipira: The Little Vampire is a manga-style story book written by Katsuhiro Otomo and illustrated by Shinji Kimura.
The game revolves around using collectible cards featuring various clothes to help aspiring idols pass auditions.
The manga was adapted into a live-action film in 2005, with a sequel released in 2006.
It was to be released in November 2017, but later moved to August 25th, 2017.
is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by Clochette.
Petopeto-san is a light novel series by Kou Kimura, with illustrations by Yug.
However, as of April 2010 AnimEigo has been unable to license the remaining episodes of the TV series for North American distribution.
Madman Entertainment licensed the anime series in 2011 for Australian and New Zealand distribution, releasing the DVDs in April and May 2013.
It is a collection of six short stories and was published by Shodensha on October 20, 2001.
Gerard & Jacques is a Japanese shōnen-ai manga written by Fumi Yoshinaga.
An English version produced by Bushiroad and Ocean Productions is airing in Singapore as well as being streamed worldwide via YouTube.
Day Break Illusion - il sole penetra le illusioni is an original anime series produced by AIC and Aniplex.
7 Seeds is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Yumi Tamura.
Both the manga and anime are noted for their use of graphic violence and sexual content.
It also won the 2003 Seiun Award for Best Media.
The title can be literally translated into English as Here Comes Miss Modern, Here Comes Miss High-Collar, or Fashionable Girl Passing By.
A live-action version of the series had been scheduled for March 2008.
Steel Angel Kurumi is a Japanese manga and anime series following the adventures of its titular character created by Kaishaku.
In 2004, it received the 49th Shogakukan Manga Award for shōjo.
This includes audio CDs, art books, and a manga adaptation which serialized in ASCII Media Works' Dengeki Daioh magazine.
Ryoko Yamagishi also wrote a sequel, titled Terpsichora Part 2.
An anime adaptation aired from July to September 2011.
!, aired in Japan between April and September 2010, with an OVA episode released in March 2011.
Ikebukuro West Gate Park, usually referred to by its initials IWGP, is a series of urban mystery novels by Ira Ishida.
The Chinese mythology-influenced books were adapted into an anime television series in 2002.
The figures can be configured in different poses and feature a variety of interchangeable parts.
Multiple light novels based on the game have also been published.
is a Japanese light novel series written by Sagu Aoyama with illustrations by Tinkle.
Clear is Moonstone's sixth game; Moonstone has also developed Gift.
Tono to Issho is a Japanese 4-panel gag manga written and illustrated by Ohba-Kai.
Eleven volumes have been published by Media Factory since January 25, 2014, under their MF Bunko J imprint.
Since its original broadcast, G Gundam has spawned manga, audio albums, video games, guide books, and several lines of scale models.
It was originally serialized in Weekly Young Jump from 2007 to 2012, with the 170 chapters later published into 17 tankōbon volumes by Shueisha.
Fujimi Shobo has published seven volumes since February 20, 2013, under their Fujimi Fantasia Bunko imprint.
Like the original, the themes of love, mutual understanding, and individual growth play an important role in the story, albeit in different ways.
The individual chapters were published in 11 tankōbon under the Hana to Yume Comics imprint, which were released between 1981 and 1984.
Master Keaton is a Japanese manga series created by Hokusei Katsushika, Naoki Urasawa and Takashi Nagasaki.
It has been published in English by Dark Horse Comics.
The novels have been adapted to a drama CD, a manga serialized in Monthly Comic Ryū, and an anime television series aired in 2009.
It has been licensed in France by Panini Comics and Germany by Planet Manga.
Following the visual novel's release, Imouto Paradise!
It is licensed for English language distribution by Tokyopop and for distribution in South Korea by Seoul Munhwa-Sa.
The game has also spawned two fighting game sequels, Persona 4 Arena and Persona 4 Arena Ultimax, and a rhythm game, Persona 4: Dancing All Night.
Yoban Sādo is a shōnen sports manga written and illustrated by Gosho Aoyama.
In addition to Astray R and Astray B, there is another Astray manga series.
Most manga and light novels have also been published in North America by Bandai.
In 2007, the series won the Shogakukan Manga Award for shōjo manga.
Yen Press licensed the series for release in English, and released the first volume on August 12, 2008.
The film was made into a manga, with illustrations by Midori Motohashi, and later novelized by Shinkai, both in the same year as the film.
It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing, which released the manga on 27 June 2007.
More often than not they are the stories of the criminals he executes, told as their last words before receiving the fatal stroke.
Released to critical acclaim, the anime television series has been well received in Japan, selling over a million DVD and Blu-ray Disc volumes.
The series is a character-driven romance story that uses the athletics of track and field as a subplot.
The anime series was produced by Nippon Animation.
There are many other species of rabbit, and these, along with pikas and hares, make up the order Lagomorpha.
Rebellion was nominated for the Japan Academy Prize for Animation of the Year and won the Best Theatrical Film Award at the 19th Animation Kobe Awards.
Additionally, Toei developed a 2011 animated 3D short film and a 2013 feature film.
The OVA is licensed in English by Hustler Video and JapanAnime.
When the boyfriend finally breaks up with her, it's the push she needs to start a social life with her co-workers.
It started serialization on Flex Comix's free web comic FlexComix Blood on January 16, 2007.
A 10-episode anime television series adaptation aired in Japan between April and June 2016.
Funimation began licensing the series after Geneon ceased production of its titles, later licensing the sequel series.
The individual chapters were published into 8 tankōbon volumes with no solid ending.
The game received two awards from the 2008 Bishōjo Game Awards for its visuals.
An anime television series adaptation by Doga Kobo ran in Japan from July 9 to September 24, 2015.
Alley of First Love is a Japanese boys love manga written and illustrated by Ellie Mamahara.
A live action series was broadcast on Nippon Television and Yomiuri Television from April 17 to June 12, 2010.
White Album has received several transitions to other media.
An anime adaptation produced by AIC began airing in Japan on January 8, 2010 on TBS.
Jarinko Chie is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Etsumi Haruki.
An anime television series adaptation by Silver Link aired in Japan between April and June 2016.
It is licensed in English by Viz Media.
It has been adapted into an anime television series produced by Gainax and broadcast in Japan on TV Tokyo.
The series was adapted into a 35-episode anime television series by Toei Animation that aired on Fuji Television from May 1983 to January 1984.
Niji-iro Tōgarashi is a manga series with elements of science fiction and jidaigeki written by Mitsuru Adachi.
An English language version of the first season, produced by 4Kids Entertainment, aired in North America in 2005.
Grand Guignol Orchestra has been positively received by English-language readers, with three volumes placing on the list of the top 300 bestselling graphic novels.
Geneon released a drama CD for the first volume on June 29, 2007.
Both subtitled and dubbed versions of these OVAs have been released in the United States on DVD.
The series was re-issued by Shueisha in 2007, with all chapters fitting into only 6 volumes, instead of the original 7; all volumes had new covers.
Kisei Jūi Suzune is a manga series by Haruki.
A third sequel, Baki-Doh, began serialization on March 20, 2014.
A PlayStation Portable version of the game titled Like Life Every Hour was released on October 1, 2009.
Bambi and Her Pink Gun is a manga series by Atsushi Kaneko.
An anime television adaptation began airing on July 8, 2016 and ended on September 23, 2016.
It encompasses 226 illustrations from 1981 to 1991, 193 of which are in full color.
Legal Drug is a manga series by Clamp.
Valkyria Chronicles II is a tactical role-playing game developed and published by Sega for the PlayStation Portable.
The second season aired between October 10, 2013 and December 26, 2013 with the same amount of episodes.
The series is a manga parody of the Wizard of Oz.
Collectively they refer to themselves as HiFuMi.
An anime adaptation was premiered from July 5, 2013 to September 26, 2013.
The anime is directed by Akiko Seki with character designs by Erina Kojima and produced by Sakura Create.
Other reoccurring characters include Dorian and Klaus's respective subordinates and Klaus's enemies from the Russian KGB.
It has since been compiled into 24 tankōbon, as of October 20, 2014.
As a result, the god summons them to Disboard, a reality which revolves around games.
The anime series has been licensed in North America by ADV Films and in Australia by Madman Entertainment.
It is directed by Kō Matsuo and written by Ichirō Ōkouchi.
It was adapted into an anime television series in January 2012.
These chapters were also collected into two aizōban collector's edition volumes in January 2009.
It tells the story of Naruto Uzumaki, an adolescent ninja who searches for recognition and dreams of becoming the Hokage, the leader of his village.
Senki Senki Momotama is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Nanae Chrono.
The original story was adapted into a manga and serialized in the Kadokawa Shoten magazine Comp Ace; it was later published into two volumes.
Machi de Uwasa no Tengu no Ko is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Nao Iwamoto.
Caramel Box went on to produce two fan discs released in 2005 and 2007 in Caramel Box Yarukibako and Caramel Box Yarukibako 2, respectively.
Nobunaga no Shinobi is a Japanese four-panel manga series by Naoki Shigeno, serialized in Hakusensha's seinen manga magazine Young Animal since 2008.
Another spin-off manga series named Usakame which features the Tennis Club's opponents was released in 2015.
Loving Gaze is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Akira Kanbe.
Directed by Mori Masaki, it premiered in Japan on the 24 April 1982.
An anime film adaptation by Polygon Pictures was released as a Netflix original in May 2017.
The series consists of 175 chapters collected in 19 tankōbon volumes.
The anime series has enjoyed popularity worldwide.
It was first published in Hasegawa's local paper, the Fukunichi Shinbun, on April 22, 1946.
Shizukanaru Don – Yakuza Side Story is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Tatsuo Nitta.
The series was partially adapted into an experimental anime series in the 1980s and 1990s.
Shugo Chara!, also known as My Guardian Characters, is a Japanese shōjo manga series created by the manga author duo, Peach-Pit.
Iczer-1 also featured two "sound novel" dramas released.
It was adapted into a live action film in 2013.
Jaguar is a Japanese gag manga written and illustrated by Usuta Kyosuke, about recorders, musicians, and their bizarre daily lives.
A light novel of short stories set in the world of Planetarian was released in April 2006, and three audio dramas have also been produced.
This series contains some explicit fanservice, including omorashi.
H2 is a Japanese manga written by Mitsuru Adachi portraying high school baseball.
A 26-episode anime adaptation produced by Studio Deen aired between April and September 2007.
Eureka Seven was well received by critics and earned several awards at numerous award shows in Japan, most notably the 2006 Tokyo International Anime Fair.
Rainy Cocoa is a bilingual Japanese digital manga series.
SeHa Girls by TMS Entertainment, which aired in Japan between October and December 2014.
There are also four animated short films.
In 2013, a second manga adaptation started serializing at Bessatsu Shōnen Magazine, with illustrations by Hiromu Arakawa.
Kyoto Animation produced a 13-episode anime television series and a two-episode anime mini-series in 2005, and Toei Animation produced an anime film in 2005.
A manga and novel were also created at the time.
Getter Robo Hien ~THE EARTH SUICIDE~ is a Japanese manga created by Naoto Tsushima.
The second part of the anime began on October 10, 2015 and finished on December 26, 2015.
This was the second of five magical girl anime to be created by Studio Pierrot, and featured the character designs of Akemi Takada.
In 1977, it was awarded the 1st Kodansha Manga Award for shōjo.
JoJolion has been collected in 15 volumes totaling 62 chapters, with 5 additional chapters not yet volumized.
Out of the 59 anime episodes, only episodes 1, 11, 12 and 40-59 are known to survive, the others remain missing.
Entertainment as a series of colorized graphic novels, although neither translation was completed.
In Italy, the series was as popular and known as Goldrake.
were previously featured in a one-shot manga called "Try!
In May 2013, it was announced that an anime adaptation of Nisekoi had been greenlit.
It was serialized in Hana to Yume beginning in 1987.
It was serialized in Ren-ai Hakusho Pastel, and its individual chapters published in tankōbon volumes by Ohzora Shuppan.
An anime adaptation lasting two seasons began airing on March 31, 2008 and concluded on September 25, 2009.
Human Crossing received the 1985 Shogakukan Manga Award for seinen/general's manga.
Heroine Shikkaku is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Momoko Kōda.
A PlayStation Portable video game was released in December 2012.
In 2009, Viz Media announced it had licensed the series for a North American release.
It was originally serialized in Hana to Yume, published by Hakusensha, and it was re-released in 2000 by Kodansha.
The manga adaptation was selected as one of their top ten anime products of 2005 and sold well in North America.
This kind of artwork would later be used in series like Chobits and Tsubasa: Reservoir Chronicle.
The sequel to this series is Mobile Suit Gundam SEED Destiny Astray, followed by Mobile Suit Gundam SEED VS Astray.
As a result of the encounter, Shingo has developed a fear of all women, called gynophobia.
Gacha Gacha is a shōnen manga by Hiroyuki Tamakoshi.
There is also an OVA based on the manga.
Yellow is a four-volume yaoi manga by Makoto Tateno, published in English by Digital Manga Publishing.
All seven stories deal with grown men, each dealing with some aspect of his past.
Family Complex is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Mikiyo Tsuda.
It is licensed for an English language release in North America by Tokyopop.
Gokudō Meshi is a Japanese manga series by Shigeru Tsuchiyama.
The Devil of the Earth is a Japanese action adventure shōnen manga by Osamu Tezuka that was published in 1954.
Kurozakuro is a manga series by Yoshinori Natsume.
Rose Hip Zero is a seinen manga created by Tohru Fujisawa in 2005-2006, serving as the prequel to Rose Hip Rose.
An anime adaptation premiered on October 1, 2009 in Japan.
It has been serialized by Wani Books in Comic Gum from 2002, and collected in 12 tankōbon volumes released from December, 2002 to September 23, 2008.
Kimera, stylized as Ki*Me*Ra, is a two-volume manga series written and illustrated by Kazuma Kodaka and serialized in Super Jump.
A drama CD based on the series was released in August 2005, and the series spawned four video games released between 2005 and 2009.
The anime and manga were created simultaneously, but, despite some similarities, they progressed in different directions.
Reception towards the manga was mixed with reviewers praising the plot for its realism or panning it as predictable and cliché.
Deus Vitae, or D'V is a manga series created by Takuya Fujima.
A 12-episode anime adaptation aired in Japan between January and March, 2011, and an original video animation episode was released on December 7, 2011.
Akita Shoten has published the series in both of their magazines.
Stepping on Roses is a Japanese shōjo manga series written and illustrated by Rinko Ueda.
Pilgrim Jäger is a Japanese manga series written by Tō Ubukata and illustrated by Mami Itō.
Outlaw Star is a seinen manga series written and illustrated by Takehiko Itō and his affiliated Morning Star Studio.
A 12-episode anime adaptation produced by feel.
Afternoon between November 2012 and March 2013.
Its title Futari Ecchi is a play on a slang term for masturbation, hitori ecchi.
It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing, which released the manga through its imprint, June, on August 16, 2006.
The Drops of God is a Japanese manga series about wine.
were licensed in North America by Synch-Point.
P.A.Works produced the project as the studio's tenth anniversary work.
In 1998 the company released comic book issues; the collected volumes came afterwards.
Suzuka was serialized in the Japanese magazine Weekly Shōnen Magazine published by Kodansha.
Mushishi is a manga series written and illustrated by Yuki Urushibara.
It is revealed that the world in which Rekka lives is suffering due to the Light world's exceptional development in such a short span of time.
Riki-Oh is a manga which later adapted to two OVAs and a live-action film named Riki-Oh: The Story of Ricky.
It has been adapted into an anime television series, animated by A-1 Pictures, which premiered in Japan on TBS.
The manga was serialized in Weekly Shōnen Magazine from July 1999 through July 2005, and published in thirty-five tankōbon volumes by Kodansha.
An anime film adaptation of the sixth volume is scheduled to premiere on July 15, 2017.
Spring Fever is a Japanese manga anthology written and illustrated by Yugi Yamada and published by Ohzora Publishing in 1995 and Houbunsha in May 2001.
Hikari no Densetsu is one of the few sports anime and manga to have dealt mainly with rhythmic gymnastics as the main subject matter.
It has been licensed in North America by Seven Seas Entertainment.
Two manga series have been published by Shueisha.
The series was first broadcast on TV Asahi.
In 2001, a manga series and a bishōjo game for the PlayStation were released.
Funimation released a "The Complete Series + OVA - Limited Edition Blu-ray & DVD" on March 8, 2016.
Viz Media are also simulcasting the series, streaming on Hulu and Anime News Network.
The manga was adapted into an anime television series by Victor Entertainment, which was taglined Quack Experimental Animation.
Red Garden is a Japanese animated television series produced by Gonzo studios and broadcast in Japan on TV Asahi since October 3, 2006.
Kamen Teacher is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Tooru Fujisawa.
The original manga was licensed in North America as Noodle Fighter Miki, and the anime was licensed in North America as Ramen Fighter Miki.
Starting from volume 7, Ultimo was changed to Shonen Jump Advanced while it was marked as just Shonen Jump in volumes 1-6.
Sentai Filmworks licensed the series in 2014 and released the series in December 16, 2014 along with an English dub.
Both the series and its sequel are licensed by Nelvana Limited.
It was followed by Future Card Buddyfight X on April 1, 2017 and the dub resumed on April 15, 2017.
TOKYOPOP later licensed the manga under its original title, which began publication on April 2008.
It was published by Shogakukan in the magazine Weekly Shōnen Sunday from issue 22/23 in 2000 through issue 24 in 2001, and collected in five tankōbon.
Subete ga F ni Naru is a Japanese 1996 mystery novel by Hiroshi Mori.
's interest in making a successor to Mamoru Oshii's achievements.
The individual chapters were collected into four tankōbon volumes by Shueisha; the first on August 11, 2004 and the final on October 14, 2005.
The Unicorn is the peacekeeper, and without the unicorn the world will become endangered.
Magi: The Labyrinth of Magic is a Japanese fantasy action adventure manga series written and illustrated by Shinobu Ohtaka.
created an anime adaptation for broadcast on Japan's TV Tokyo.
If the series is successful, collected chapters may be republished in tankōbon volumes, frequently but not exclusively, paperback books.
Later, a drama CD was created based on the manga series in October 2006.
It was licensed for North American release by Viz Media.
Jin is a Japanese seinen manga written and illustrated by Motoka Murakami, which was featured on Super Jump during its original run from 2000 to 2010.
Some of his major works in illustration include Generator Gawl, Kiddy Grade, and Avenger.
These Guardians of Death work for Enma Daiō, the king of the dead, sorting out the expected and unexpected arrivals to the Underworld.
!, was involved in the production of the anime.
Library War is a Japanese light novel series by Hiro Arikawa, with illustrations by Sukumo Adabana.
Published in Monthly Hero's since the magazine's inaugural issue, it is a manga sequel of the 1966 Ultraman television series.
Yondemasuyo, Azazel-san is a Japanese comedy manga written and illustrated by Yasuhisa Kubo.
Both sequels were published while the series was in production and at the height of its popularity.
The most notable is Tomoharu Katsumata's 1973 feature film Mazinger Z vs. Devilman, which features Devilman teaming up with Nagai's titular robot to fight Dr. Hell.
The otaku ultimately began dating one of the women.
It was licensed in English in North America by Studio Ironcat before they eventually went out of business.
The series has been licensed by Funimation.
It was published by Kadokawa Shoten and serialized in Asuka Magazine; in North America, it is licensed by Tokyopop.
It has been collected in two tankōbon volumes.
A third game in the series, Valkyria Chronicles III, which is also on the PlayStation Portable, was released on January 27, 2011 in Japan.
There is a manga adaptation of the game published in Dengeki Daioh.
Two manga series are serialized in ASCII Media Works' Dengeki G's Comic.
In addition to the Phantom Quest Corp. OVA series, two soundtrack albums, a Japanese light novel, and a single-issue English manga also exist.
It was collected in a single tankōbon volume, released on October 26, 2010.
The Doraemons is a spin-off series of the long-running series Doraemon.
The title is derived from In Search of Lost Time, a French novel written by Marcel Proust.
It was published by Shogakukan in Big Comic Original from 1990 to 1999 and collected in seventeen tankōbon volumes.
It is published in English by Tokyopop.
The series has a much lighter tone and is aimed more towards children, whereas the more accessible Beast Wars was intended for a wider age range.
is a Japanese shōjo manga by Youko Hanabusa.
The television series aired from April 4, 1998 to September 26, 1998 on TBS and ran for 26 episodes.
A fourth OVA series is currently in production in Japan, with the first collection due to be released November 30, 2016.
The series is set in a futuristic date in which three factions divided from 70% of mankind are in war.
The story has been adapted into an anime film directed by Yoshimichi Furukawa.
As of February 24, 2010, they have released nine volumes in Chinese and three in English.
It was serialized in Shogakukan's Weekly Shonen Sunday magazine from 2002 to 2006.
- Asagiri Daikatsuyaku Hen which started after the end of A-bout and finished on May 2014.
The series originally started serialization in MediaWorks' now-defunct light novel magazine Dengeki hp on June 18, 2004.
It spanned twenty-six episodes, between October 30, 2004, and May 14, 2005.
In Indonesia, the anime was aired on Indosiar in 1995-1997, TPI in 2003, Bali TV in 2005.
This manga follows the adventures of Yoh Asakura as he attempts to hone his shaman skills to become the Shaman King by winning the Shaman Fight.
The manga has been licensed in North America by Yen Press.
My Bride Is a Mermaid is a Japanese manga series written by Tahiko Kimura.
They become rivals in both sport and in the matters of love as both share feelings for the same person.
It was adapted into a live action film in 2010 and it was adapted into a drama series and another live action film in 2012.
It chronicles the efforts of the mysterious and secret Hellsing Organization, as it combats vampires, ghouls, and other supernatural foes who threaten England.
This project is also not related to a planned CGI movie tie-in to the newest game in the .hack series, .hack//Link.
The manga by Hiroyuki Sanadura was serialized in the magazine Dengeki Daioh.
Both the manga and light novel series are published in North America by Yen Press.
Golden Prince and Argent King is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Kouko Agawa.
It is licensed in North America by Tokyopop and in Australia and New Zealand by Madman Entertainment.
It began serialization in 2000 in For Mrs., and serial chapters were collected in 15 tankōbon volumes by Akita Shoten.
Ixion Saga Dimensional Transfer is a Japanese anime television series based on the online game Ixion Saga by Capcom.
The series has been adapted into an anime entitled Soreike!
Touch was one of the winners of the 1983 Shogakukan Manga Award for shōnen or shōjo manga, along with Adachi's Miyuki.
The manga was adapted into an anime series from Studio Deen in 1997.
In 2002, Tokyopop announced that it had licensed Miyuki-chan in Wonderland for an English-language translation, and published it in October 2003.
A novelization by Kazuho Hyodo has been published.
Kamen Rider SD is the collective title for a series of media released in the 1990s that are based on Toei's popular Kamen Rider Series.
The first season consists of twelve episodes and first aired in Japan from July 3, 2007 to September 23, 2007.
An anime adaptation directed by Katsumi Tokoro and produced by Toei Animation aired in Japan from October 5, 2006 to December 21, 2006.
The games are set in a cartoon-like, mystical Feudal Japan.
The series ran from 1983–1992 under this title, winning the 1991 Kodansha Manga Award in the General category.
These gigantic, humanoid weapons are humanity's only significant defense against a hostile, alien threat known as "Victim".
It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing, which released the manga on March 25, 2008.
The manga is licensed in the United States by BLU, the Boys Love branch of Tokyopop, and was released in Germany by Egmont Manga in 2007.
The series was made into a musical in 2001 and a cast recording was released.
It is directed by Tatsuyuki Nagai and written by Mari Okada, a team which previously collaborated on Toradora!
It has received multiple awards inside and outside Japan.
It officially aired on TV Tokyo and other affiliate stations in Japan from 12 October 2009 to 3 September 2012, lasting for seven seasons.
or Unhappy, is a Japanese comedy manga series written and illustrated by Cotoji.
A few of the sagas from the manga were adapted in three independent OVAs released in 1986, 1988 and 1990.
In 1986, Izumi Takemoto retold the original manga series, releasing it under the same title and simultaneously with the anime adaptation.
Mahoromatic is a sci-fi romantic comedy manga and anime series which contains elements of the literary genre of tragic dramas.
In the United States the manga was serialized in MixxZine, replacing Ice Blade, which had ended.
In the episode "Reverse-Explosion" a spaceship is destroyed by impacting the moon.
A U.S. live-action film based on The Kurosagi Corpse Delivery Service is now in development.
Most of the surviving human race has moved to Second Earth, a huge space station that orbits the planet.
In 1979, it was awarded the prestigious Shogakukan Manga Award for shōnen/shōjo manga.
The plot follows an alien prince who crash lands on Earth and begins living with a high school student.
The manga's seven chapters were compiled into a single tankōbon and released on 28 March 2008.
Akatsuki-iro no Senpuku Majo is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by manga author Mera Hakamada, who has also written The Last Uniform.
The plot focuses on two teenagers living in a subterranean village, Simon and Kamina, who wish to go to the surface.
The series is set in the former city of Shimizu, now part of Shizuoka City, birthplace of its author.
Planetarian's story, artwork and music have been praised, and the PS2 version ranked first for console games in terms of satisfaction in 2007.
Dororo is a Japanese manga series from the manga creator Osamu Tezuka in the late 1960s.
Composed of 37 episodes, the anime was developed by Madhouse and directed by Tetsuro Araki.
A manga based on the series, written by Taiki Kawakami, is published in Dengeki Daioh.
A drama CD was released in Japan by Momogre on September 26, 2007.
Akaboshi: Ibun Suikoden is a shōnen manga series written and illustrated by Yōichi Amano.
It has been adapted into a 2008 Japanese film directed by Shingo Matsubara.
It is licensed for an English language release in the United States by Aurora Publishing which began releasing the series in April 2008.
In 2013, it was reported that there were plans to adapt it into an anime.
In 1987 the novel was adapted into a 3-episode original video animation by J.C.Staff.
Freefall Romance is the story of a man who gripes to his drinking buddy about his younger brother's gay relationship in Kinsei High.
An anime television series adaptation was announced and began airing on July 3, 2015.
Haguregumo is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by George Akiyama.
A visual novel is also in development by Otomate.
!, was shortly released and introduces a new antagonist character, the fifteen-year-old girl Kazuki Kazusano, who is actually very affectionate to Ikkou, unlike the other girls.
The first one came into the stores on June 24, 2008.
The series originally started serialization in volume seventeen of ASCII Media Works' now-defunct light novel magazine Dengeki hp on April 18, 2002.
To date, only 15 episodes of the series have officially been released with English subtitles on three DVDs by Central Park Media.
Initially serialized in Bessatsu Friend from 1996 to 2000, the series spans 15 tankōbon volumes.
It was a collaboration in Weekly Shōnen Magazine by science fiction writer Kazumasa Hirai and Shotaro Ishinomori.
An English dub of the anime airs in India on Cartoon Network.
The title roughly translates to "Greater Tokyo Poverty Living Manual", and is an apt description of the comic's premise.
The events of G Gundam follow Domon Kasshu, the pilot of Neo Japan's Shining Gundam during the 13th Gundam Fight.
The manga was adapted into an anime series produced by J.C.Staff, which aired in Japan between October and December 2006.
A sequel anime series, titled Lostorage incited WIXOSS, began airing in October 2016.
The games take place in a world known initially as Psyren, which is revealed to be the real world a decade in the future.
It is licensed in France by Asuka and in Germany by Egmont Manga.
The games were never released outside Japan until Arc the Lad Collection was released by Working Designs in 2002.
Video Girl Ai is a manga series created by Masakazu Katsura and published by Shueisha's Weekly Shōnen Jump.
Oakla Publishing released the manga on January 12, 2007.
Tokyo Zombie is a manga written in 1999 by Yusaku Hanakuma.
The Magic User's Club anime was released in North America by Media Blasters.
Gaku: Minna no Yama received the 2008 Manga Taishō and the 2009 Shogakukan Manga Award for general manga.
The manga was published in English in North America by Tokyopop, and the anime was distributed in North America by Bandai Entertainment.
The two men become drunker than usual and end up in bed together.
A live-action television adaptation has been announced.
Shirobako is an anime television series produced by Warner Entertainment Japan and studio P.A.Works, which handled the animation.
However, it was compiled into 16 volumes in the Spanish version.
FairChild is a romance visual novel released in Japan, developed and published by ALcot.
The last chapter will be published on March 2, 2015.
Clamp created xxxHolic link the supernatural and fantasy series.
A manga adaptation titled Dragon Collection: Ryū o Suberu Mono was serialized from 2011 to 2012 in Kodansha's shōnen manga magazine Weekly Shōnen Magazine.
A manga adaptation written and illustrated by Shiho Inada began serialization in Nakayoshi in the July 7, 1998 issue where it is still on-going.
The series follows the antics of tenth-grade student Eisaku Yazawa who wants to become a bōsōzoku.
Hell Girl, also known as Jigoku Shōjo: Girl from Hell, is an anime series produced by Aniplex and Studio Deen.
An anime adaptation consisting of 145 television episodes was co-produced by TV Tokyo, NAS, and Gallop.
It started serialization on Flex Comix's free web comic FlexComix Blood on August 10, 2007.
Additionally, a special chapter of the manga was announced, to commemorate Kurumada's 40th anniversary as a manga artist.
SoftBank Creative has released the manga's first tankōbon volume on June 30, 2008.
Together, they pursue a more dangerous ES-carrier who had escaped from the research center.
Overlord is a Japanese light novel series written by Kugane Maruyama and illustrated by so-bin.
Kotoura-san is a Japanese romantic comedy yonkoma manga series written by Enokizu.
Life is a shōjo manga series created by Keiko Suenobu, a manga creator well known for her work on Vitamin and Happy Tomorrow.
Sorachi added the science fiction setting to develop characters to his liking after his editor suggested doing a historical series.
La Corda d'Oro is a role-playing game series targeted at a female audience under the Neoromance series from Koei.
At Anime Central 2010, anime distributor Funimation announced that they have licensed the series for North America with its release planned for 2011.
The story centers on Hakufu Sonsaku, a fighter who transfers to Nanyo Academy, one of the seven schools involved in the turf war.
Nura: Rise of the Yokai Clan, known in Japan as Nurarihyon's Grandson, is a manga series written and illustrated by Hiroshi Shiibashi.
Depending on dialogue choices and brainjacked characters, seven possible endings can be achieved.
The first series was mainly comedic; the second series was violent and more serious but also had elements of comedy.
The manga has been serialized in Shogakukan's seinen magazine Big Comic Spirits.
Canard is searching for Kira Yamato, the successful Ultimate Coordinator, so that he can defeat him and prove he was not a "failure".
In both the manga and anime, Keroro is forced to do meaningless chores and errands for the family after his army abandons his platoon on Earth.
Abu-san is a baseball manga series written and illustrated by Shinji Mizushima.
A manga adaptation illustrated by Yasuhiro Miyama was serialized between the May 2011 and August 2013 issues of Dengeki G's Magazine.
Hana to Ryū is a yaoi manga series created by Kazuma Kodaka in 1993.
In some markets, the series is known as Bucky: The Incredible Kid, Bucky: Searching for World 0 or simply Bucky.
Kodansha has published 23 novels since November 2006 under their Kodansha Box imprint, with at least five more novels planned.
First published in Shōnen Ace, it was adapted into a series of 3D CGI ONAs in 2007.
The gift is a ring, the shitenrin, and those pure of heart may gaze into it and receive a moon goddess named Shaolin.
Muv-Luv Alternative: Total Eclipse follows a new cast of characters while retaining the setting of Muv-Luv Alternative.
The anime adaptation series, produced by Madhouse Studios, is directed by Jun Shishido, and broadcast on the Japanese television network NHK on Saturday mornings.
In 1996, it was adapted into an eleven episode live-action Japanese television drama that was broadcast in Japan on TV Asahi.
Beelzebub was first published in 2008 as a one-shot by Tamura in issue 37-38 of Weekly Shōnen Jump, subsequently winning the fourth Gold Future Cup.
It has been adapted into an anime series by AIC and was broadcast in Japan on TBS between January 8, 2009 and March 26, 2009.
TV Tokyo aired twelve episodes between April 19, and July 12, 2014.
It also aired on Spanish networks Jonu Media and K3.
that focuses on Negi's grandson, Tōta Konoe, and follows a more science fiction-/action-oriented plot.
In addition, they developed 12 original video animations and three films.
The Recipe for Gertrude is a 5-volume serialization that ran in LaLa starting in 2001.
Okusama wa 18-sai is a Japanese manga by Miyoko Motomura.
Air Gear won the 2006 Kodansha Manga Award in the shōnen category.
It was originally serialized in Big Comic Spirits from 1999 to 2006, with the 249 chapters published into 22 tankōbon volumes by Shogakukan.
The manga was serialised in Weekly Shōnen Jump from 1997 until 2002.
The manga is licensed in North America by Tokyopop's imprint Blu.
In 2013, a remake of the Japanese live TV series, called Mischievous Kiss: Love in Tokyo, was made.
The manga was serialized in Weekly Shōnen Magazine from 2008 to December 2012, and was collected into 21 tankōbon volumes by Kodansha.
Del Rey Manga licensed the manga, but only released two volumes in English in North America.
Tokyo Tribes was originally serialized from 1997 to 2005 in the urban fashion magazine boon.
Moon Phase is about a young vampire girl named Hazuki and a Japanese freelance photographer Kouhei Morioka whom Hazuki attempts to make into her servant.
It is her debut boys love manga.
The manga has been licensed in North America by Viz Media.
Players explore the dreams of a hikikomori character named Madotsuki.
2nd GIG, aired from January 2004 to January 2005.
It was serialised in Jitsugyo no Nihon Sha's manga magazine, My Birthday, in 1990.
It was first serialized in the seinen manga magazine Manga Time Kirara Carat on December, 2008, published by Houbunsha.
The Choctaw are descendants of the peoples of the Hopewell and Mississippian cultures, who lived throughout the east of the Mississippi River valley and its tributaries.
The anime series was acquired by Media Blasters under its AnimeWorks label in 2003. briefly aired on Encore network channels in the United States.
Noise offers some information concerning the Megastructure's origins and initial size, as well as the origins of Silicon life.
It received a manga adaptation which serialized in Hakusensha's Young Animal Island between volumes 19 and 24.
Valvrave the Liberator is a Japanese mecha anime series, produced by Sunrise.
- Eternal Summer, aired between July and September 2014.
A video game was released for the PlayStation Vita on December 3, 2015.
Minehiro Kinomoto, Nao Nagasawa, Mao Ichimichi, Shizuka Midorikawa, Naoto Takenaka, and Aya Sugimoto were also cast.
Fuan no Tane is a Japanese horror manga series written and illustrated by Masaaki Nakayama.
The series is written by Hidenori Kusaka and illustrated by Mato for the first nine volumes.
It ended its serialisation in the December 2009 issue, and a sidestory to Suppli also ran in the magazine.
An anime series by Toei Animation began airing on 7 July 2012.
- Rebirth Knot, was serialized in the Comp Ace magazine.
It is licensed by Aniplex of America.
It was originally serialized in Weekly Shōnen Magazine on November 28, 2012. and then moved to Bessatsu Shonen Magazine in July 2015.
The creator, Atsushi Ōkubo, later became well known for his hit series Soul Eater.
Petit Idolmaster is a Japanese four-panel manga series written and illustrated by Akane, based on Bandai Namco Games' The Idolmaster franchise.
Phantom Thief Jeanne is a fantasy shōjo manga series written and illustrated by Arina Tanemura.
Battle controls are menu-driven and the outcome is determined partly by statistics and partly by luck.
Hundred is a Japanese light novel series written by Jun Misaki and illustrated by Nekosuke Ōkuma.
Yen Press announced at Comic Con 2008 that it had acquired a license for English-language distribution of GA Geijutsuka Art Design Class in North America.
A new twelve-episode OVA adaptation, also from AIC, was scheduled to begin releasing in Japan in the spring of 2010, but was cancelled for financial reasons.
It was later released in America as Gigantor.
Kamunagara: Rebirth of the Demonslayer, is a manga by Hajime Yamamura.
A second season has been announced and will begin airing in October 2017.
The bound volume, released in Japan on May 18, 2006, was also published under the new title.
Directed by Mitsuko Kase and Tetsuro Amino, the movie was released in Japan on March 14, 1987.
Cosmo Police Justy is a science fiction anime OVA released on July 20, 1985 in Japan.
A new series, GodHand Teru: Kamigami no Souheki, was released in 2012's issue 8 of Weekly Shōnen Magazine.
After a mission in Gald goes wrong, Kai finds himself living with a man named Yuuki and his adopted sister Asuka.
Many of the characters from Please Save My Earth reappear in this one.
It consisted of 45 episodes and was aired across Japan on TV Asahi from March 6, 1978, to January 29, 1979.
is published in Japan by Shogakukan, in North America in English by VIZ Media and in French by Kaze Manga.
A 12-episode anime adaptation titled Ef: A Tale of Memories was produced by Shaft and aired between October and December 2007.
The story is about a young girl who grows older into an adult, and an adult woman who becomes younger, turning into a child.
This version was then dubbed in English and released in the United States, with a different theme song, as well as different closing and opening elements.
The animated TV series is distributed by Funimation Entertainment in North America.
This show originally aired on the FoxBox on September 14, 2002, and was discontinued from their lineup on August 30, 2003.
Its story centers on seven female survivors of the Hori clan, aided by Yagyū Jūbei, and their quest of vengeance.
Battle Angel Alita, known in Japan as Gunnm, is a manga series created by Yukito Kishiro in 1990 and originally published in Shueisha's Business Jump magazine.
The story focuses on the character Aiz Wallenstein from the parent Is It Wrong to Try to Pick Up Girls in a Dungeon?
The anime series is licensed for release in North American by Geneon Entertainment, which released it across three DVD volumes in 2005.
The game is a re-imagining of Lewis Carroll's classic Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.
A 12-episode anime adaptation aired in Japan between July and September 2009.
The anime premiered on TBS on October 13, 2001 and ran until September 28, 2002.
Another game named Koihime Eiyūtan has been announced; however, it is unknown if it is a follow-up or a remake of a preceding game.
They were all published in Weekly Comic Bunch between 2006 and 2010, with the exception of Jibo no Hoshi, which was published in Big Comic Superior.
The gameplay of FairChild offers branching plot lines and a multi choice navigation, where multiple paths and endings are available for completion.
The title is a reference to the series' depiction of an advanced submarine force.
Following his withdrawal, he is chosen to become the master to a Rozen Maiden named Shinku.
Publishing companies Tokyopop has licensed the manga for release in America and as well Sharp Point Press in Taiwan.
For a time, Blu Manga held the licensing rights to publish the series in North America.
An English language version of the first season, produced by 4Kids Entertainment, aired in North America in 2005.
A second season, subtitled "The Second Barrage", ran for twelve weeks starting on October 2, 2006.
It was serialized in Shogakukan's Flowers manga magazine from 2010 to August 2014.
A special fan disc was given out as a preorder bonus and includes an additional scenario entitled 210: Two One Zero.
Getting a high rank on a certain key mission unlocks a mobile suit.
The two video games are Garōden Breakblow, released November 17, 2005 and Garōden Breakblow Fist or Twist, released March 15, 2007, both for PlayStation 2.
On May 2, 2009, the series made its North American television debut on the Funimation Channel.
The series has also been adapted into two manga series, which are serialized in Monthly Asuka and in Young Gangan.
Toys were originally made by DD India and were released by Hasbro in United States.
His childhood friend moves from the city he used to live in to where he lives now and starts attending his school.
The story has been adapted into an anime series that first aired on April 3, 2004 in Japan.
A visual novel was also released for the PlayStation 2.
Matsuri Hino burst onto the manga scene with her title Kono Yume ga Sametara, which was published in LaLa DX magazine.
It was serialized in Comic Blade Avarus from March 30, 2006 until its conclusion in February 15, 2013.
It was followed by a spin-off series also published by Kodansha Books, Ningen Series, focusing on the Zerozaki clan.
It has expanded routes for the original five main heroines as well as new routes for six other characters.
The series was adapted as a popular anime television show that aired in 1982 in Japan on Mondays from 7:00pm to 7:30pm.
Geobreeders is a manga series by Akihiro Ito.
2nd GIG was also later adapted into a feature-length OVA entitled Individual Eleven, which was released in 2006.
FUNimation now has licensing rights to Red Garden.
Kei searches for the ring he'd given his girlfriend to try to help him recover his memory.
Media Blasters licensed the anime and released the series in three DVD volumes.
Sally the Witch also known as Sunny the Witch is one of the popular anime magical girls of what eventually become a genre in Japan.
Material Puzzle is a 2002 Japanese manga by Masahiro Totsuka.
Bandai Entertainment licensed the manga and released it in English in North America.
A 12-episode anime adaptation aired between January and March 2008, plus a single original video animation episode released in May 2008.
Aqua Bless is an erotic one-shot Japanese manga written and illustrated by Yamatogawa.
Black Cat is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Kentaro Yabuki.
The first season is composed of 52 episodes, while the second, entitled Mermaid Melody Pichi Pichi Pitch Pure, lasted for 39.
is a manga series created by Tetsuhiro Koshita, first serialized in Shogakukan's CoroCoro Comic magazine from July 1994 to October 1999.
The anime resulted in animated feature films, original video animations, video games, audio disc releases and live action episodes.
Jason Thompson praises the characters' "almost normal relationship".
The first anime aired in 1973 and is considered a magical girl series in retrospect.
Osomatsu-kun is a comedy manga series by Fujio Akatsuka which ran in Shogakukan's Weekly Shōnen Sunday magazine from 1962 to 1969.
The anime was licensed by Viz Media and first premiered in English on the online streaming video service Toonami Jetstream on July 23, 2007.
Hyper Combat Unit Dangaioh is an anime OVA series produced and animated by AIC and Artmic and released in Japan in 1987.
A two-volume manga adaptation by Rurika Kasuga ran in Ribon.
The title and logo of FairlyLife is reminiscent of Hooksoft's fourth title Like Life, and both games feature moe anthropomorphism.
is a Japanese anime, light novel and manga franchise.
is a manga series by Masami Yuki.
The manga and anime have been featured at various times in weekly top ten lists of best-selling in their respective media.
On December 19, 2015, a live action movie was released starring Teppei Koike, Kenichi Endō and Akemi Masuda.
The manga was awarded the grand prize for the 11th Tezuka Osamu Cultural Prize in 2007.
A preview of the manga series was seen in the November 2007 issue of Shojo Beat.
Ace of Diamond is a shōnen baseball manga written and illustrated by Yuji Terajima and published by Kodansha.
The game was later ported to the PlayStation 2 and Nintendo DS.
Was serialized in Shogakukan's manga magazine Betsucomi in 2004 and 2005 and collected in two bound volumes.
Completed on a "tight" schedule, the volume was published in June 1992 by Kobunsha, and re-released in August 2001 by Kadokawa Shoten.
The story revolves around the crew of the debris collection craft, Toy Box, in the year 2075.
A thirteen-volume Japanese light novel series also followed Fushigi Yûgi: Shōgakukan published the novels from January 30, 1998 to September 26, 2003.
There are two manga adaptation series, both serialized in Media Factory's Monthly Comic Alive magazine.
In contrast to other Gundam series, Gundam Build Fighters focuses on the Gundam model aspect of the franchise.
The manga was translated into English and published in the North America by Tokyopop on August 9, 2005.
Vertical's edition earned it a nomination for Eisner Award at the category "Best U.S.
The English release of the manga has been reprinted many times.
A more recent anime series, Comic Party Revolution, came out in 2003.
The series aired between January 5, 2014 and March 30, 2014.
The manga is published in English by Viz Communications.
Voiced by: Suzuko Mimori; Malia Ashley Kerr
Crimson Grave is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Miyake Taishi.
In July 2007, Kashimashi was Seven Seas Entertainment's best-selling title.
It is also referred to as Gloyzer X and Gloizer X.
Burn Up W is an anime OVA directed by Hiroshi Negishi and released in 1996.
It was serialized in Square Enix's Monthly Gangan WING manga magazine between January 2000 and July 2006, spanning a total of 12 tankōbon volumes.
Locodol, short for Futsū no Joshikōsei ga Locodol Yattemita, is a Japanese four-panel comedy manga series written and illustrated by Kōtarō Kosugi.
Entitled "GALAXY ANGEL ~The Musical~", it debuted in March and December 2005, and featured cast members who also worked on Galaxy Angel II.
Kono Aozora ni Yakusoku wo is a Japanese adult visual novel produced by Giga, originally released on March 31, 2006.
On May 31, 2013, Moonstone Cherry released a sequel to the first visual novel called Imouto Paradise 2
The manga was serialised in MediaWorks's monthly Dengeki Daioh before MediaWorks moved the title to the quarterly Dengeki Moeoh.
is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Machiko Sakurai.
Mobile Suit Gundam SEED Astray is a collection of "gaiden" set in the Cosmic Era of Mobile Suit Gundam SEED.
Zenki was adapted into a fifty-one episode anime television series in 1995 by Studio Deen and also spawned five video games.
Viz Media, leading publisher in Weekly Shōnen Jump and Shōnen Sunday, acquired the rights to distribute the Dragon Drive manga in North America.
The manga is licensed for a French-language in France by Delcourt.
An anime television series adaptation produced by J.C.Staff aired from July 2014 to September 2014. to September 2014.
Duel Monsters, which aired between April 2000 and September 2004.
An anime adaption by studio NAZ premiered on July 6, 2014.
The anime was released on DVD in North America by ADV Films on April 18, 2006.
Brain Powerd was directed and written by Gundam creator Yoshiyuki Tomino.
Reviewers praised Godchild as an overdone, entertaining series with detailed and distinct art.
Sparrow's Hotel is a yonkoma manga series written and illustrated by Yuka Santō.
The manga series has received generally positive critical response with praise commonly aimed towards the storyline and artwork.
The story follows a group of female middle school students who choose to become magical girls and must battle surreal enemies called witches.
It was broadcast by the anime television network, Animax, across its respective networks worldwide, including East Asia, Southeast Asia, South Asia, South Korea, and other regions.
Don't Say Anymore, Darling is a one-shot Japanese manga written and illustrated by Fumi Yoshinaga.
Me-teru's Feelings, aka Love Laughs at Locksmiths, is a manga by Hiroya Oku, best known for his creation of the Gantz series.
Now it's currently available on Kindle through Viz Media.
These stories were written by Mikami Hiromasa and illustrated by Hiroyuki Takei.
The Choctaw are a Native American people originally occupying what is now the Southeastern United States.
Me and the Devil Blues won the 2009 Glyph Comics Awards in the Best Reprint Publication category.
The series was adapted as an 11-episode TV drama that was aired on TBS from 14 April 2006 to 23 June 2006.
Prior to the series, a theatrical short and an original net animation were also produced.
Airi Kuze is a mechanical science master with a crush on Haruki.
The manga was later adapted into a 150 episode anime television series titled Golden Gash Bell!!
Kimi no Kakera is a manga by Shin Takahashi that is focused on a thirteen-year-old girl by the name of Icoro.
It was originally published in Japan in 2007 by Houbunsha.
The Tale of Genji sold 14 million copies with its 13 tankōbon volumes by May 2006.
Rika thinks of herself as ugly and as an iguana, but after her mother's death, realises that her mother was also an ugly iguana.
It would be from the uncut, remastered, anamorphic telecline print used for the Japanese DVD release.
is an ongoing Japanese comedy manga series by Kiyohiko Azuma, the creator of Azumanga Daioh.
The "Astro" in the title is actually an acronym abbreviating "Asahio Sogo Teacher's ROom", alluding to the school's name Asahio Sogo.
In Taiwan, it is published by Ching Win, who translates it into Chinese and releases it in their monthly CoroCoro Comic magazine.
It began its serialization on October 2006 in the magazine, Ichiraci.
Viz Media released an English language edition in North America on September 2, 2008.
An anime television series adaptation began airing July 2015.
Katte ni Kaizō is a shōnen manga by Kōji Kumeta.
Many of the characters are portrayed as neither outright good nor bad.
Takayama was incredibly influenced by this work of Maeda's but thought that the Urotsukidōji story was stronger.
A movie based on Gaku was released on May 7, 2011.
An action game based in the manga titled Mahou Tsukai Kurohime was developed and published by Tomy Corporation for the Sony Playstation 2 in 2006.
Clockwork Planet is a Japanese light novel series, written by Yuu Kamiya and Tsubaki Himana, and illustrated by Shino.
A 2008 anime adaption was produced Bee Train and Production I.G.
The manga was originally serialized by Shogakukan on its magazine Big Comic Spirits from 1986 to 1998.
Full House Kiss is a shōjo manga as well as a PlayStation 2 Otome Game.
FairlyLife is Hooksoft's seventh title, along with other games such as _Summer and HoneyComing.
The series has also been adapted into various manga and light novels with the former showing various alternate scenarios from the TV series.
The anime series premiered on May 20, 2003 in Japan on Animax, and was later licensed for Region 1 distribution by Geneon Entertainment.
In the United States it is published by Aurora Publishing.
The comics often include small educational sections titled "Pfil’s educational comics corner", with topics ranging from insect behavior to human anatomy.
Both Astray and Astray R are available in the US from Tokyopop.
The anime has been licensed by Sentai Filmworks.
Yukiru Sugisaki is a Japanese manga artist.
As of July 2017, 24 bound volumes have been released under the "Hana to Yume Comics" label.
Black Bullet is a Japanese light novel series written by Shiden Kanzaki and illustrated by Saki Ukai, published under ASCII Media Works's Dengeki Bunko imprint.
The series was preceded by Beast Wars: Transformers, and was followed by Super Life-Form Transformers: Beast Wars Neo.
Another volume containing a prequel story was published on May 27, 2014 as volume 0.
Overman King Gainer is an anime television series, created by Sunrise.
Eight English language manga volumes were released between February 3, 2004, and April 12, 2005.
Muv-Luv is a Japanese visual novel developed by âge and originally released as an adult game for the PC on February 28, 2003.
B Gata H Kei is a four-panel manga series by Yoko Sanri.
A new anime project featuring an original story by GoRA and GoHands, titled K: Seven Stories, has been green-lit.
The English language translation of the manga is published by Broccoli Books.
They made several changes to the content, as Ishinomori's original 100-page one-shot story was too dark and gruesome for a children's show.
The second OVA ended on January 25, 2008, and the third and final OVA started on April 25, 2008.
Kodansha's USA division released the first volume in June 2011.
Each volume tackles such topics as teen prostitution, rape, HIV, stalkers, suicide, and sexual harassment.
The live action drama is legally streaming on Viki with English subtitles.
Descendants of Darkness is a fantasy manga series created by Yoko Matsushita.
The series is about the relationship between a man from a poor noble family and a master thief during the Victorian Era in France.
It was serialized from 1967 to 1970 in Weekly Shōnen Sunday.
A novel adaptation by Eiji Okita and Eiichi Shitara was published by Kenkyusha from April to July 2009.
Gag Manga Biyori is a manga serialized in Monthly Shōnen Jump until July 2007 when the magazine ceased to publish.
The fourth volume was released in December 2008.
You Make My Head Spin is a one-shot Japanese manga written and illustrated by Kazuhiko Mishima.
Tetsuko no Tabi is a Japanese non-fiction manga series authored by Hirohiko Yokomi and illustrated by Naoe Kikuchi.
The new anime, titled Code Geass: Lelouch of the Resurrection, will take place a few years after the events of the Zero Requiem.
is a 1984 Japanese manga series by Jun Makimura and Shizuo Koizumi published by Kodansha.
The series is licensed and was published in English in North America by Tokyopop.
The story follows the adventures of an android named Astro Boy and a selection of other characters.
It was published by Hayakawa Publishing and released on July 21, 2005.
Gasaraki is a mecha anime television series produced by Sunrise.
The tenth and eleventh OVA were released on May 16, 2014.
The Fairy Tail anime television series included an adaptation of Fairy Tail Zero, its episodes airing from January 9 to March 12, 2016.
Sometimes manga are drawn centering on previously existing live-action or animated films.
The book revolves around the relationship between a boy and a girl, but a twist in the plot changes the feel of the manga.
The animated series was a jury selection during the 17th Japan Media Arts Festival Awards.
Fancy Lala, known in Japan as Fancy Lala, the Magic Stage is a magical girl anime series produced by Studio Pierrot in 1988.
The game was a success, helping 5pb.
Kōsaku is shocked to learn that Hibari, who looks and behaves as a girl, was assigned male at birth.
The series was later translated and dubbed by Animax into English for broadcast across its English-language networks in Southeast Asia and South Asia.
Released to critical acclaim, the anime television series has been well received in Japan, selling over a million DVD and Blu-ray Disc volumes.
Color is a Japanese manga anthology written and illustrated by Taishi Zaou and Eiki Eiki.
Gyo, fully titled Gyo Ugomeku Bukimi in Japan, is a horror seinen manga written and illustrated by Junji Ito.
Hanayamata is a Japanese manga series by Sō Hamayumiba, serialized in Houbunsha's seinen manga magazine Manga Time Kirara Forward since June 2011.
Rewrite was ported to the PlayStation Portable, PlayStation Vita, PlayStation 3 and PlayStation 4, while Harvest festa!
Additionally, before the recent anime incarnation, the manga spawned a series of drama CDs.
It was serialized in Ohta Publishing's Manga Erotics F magazine between May 2005 and May 2006.
The anime series, as well as their specials, are licensed and distributed in North America by Sentai Filmworks with English subtitles.
There are three anime series of Qtaro.
The novel has been turned into a live action feature film, a manga, and an anime television series.
The first was published in English by Tokyopop on October 10, 2006.
It is seriealized in magazine E☆2 since 2002.
Which was originally broadcast on the satellite network WOWOW in 2007.
Call Me Princess is a one volume shōjo manga by Tomoko Taniguchi.
Plawres Sanshiro is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Jirō Gyū.
Mirage of Blaze is a Japanese light novel series written by Mizuna Kuwabara, which are published under Shueisha's Cobalt label.
It is one in a line of her new version on old fairy tales, the others are Hansel & Gretel and Princess Mermaid.
School Days was remastered as School Days HQ on October 8, 2010 and localized in North America on June 27, 2012.
The films were also licensed by Viz in North America and by 4Digital Media in the United Kingdom.
The series individual chapters were collected into four tankōbon and published from January to July 2005 by Shueisha.
The manga was serialized in Shōnen Sunday from 1980 volume 23 through 1983 volume 26.
Serialization is irregular, and went on hiatus in 2002 before resuming in 2006.
and began airing on Japanese TV October 4, 2008.
The Rolling Girls is a 2015 Japanese anime television series produced by Wit Studio.
Elfen Lied is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Lynn Okamoto.
The individual chapters were collected and released in two tankōbon by Square Enix on January 25, 2008, and September 25, 2008.
It is a wide ranging collection, as one might expect from a work surveying 10 years of a professional artist’s life.
It is a collection of seven, unrelated short stories which appeared in the Japanese manga magazine Feel Young from 1994 to 1997.
Using a mecha known as Lagann, Simon and Kamina reach the surface and start fighting alongside other humans against Lordgenome's forces.
An anime adaptation by Silver Link aired on January 10, 2014 to March 29, 2014.
An all ages version of Clear, published by Sweets, was released on February 19, 2009 for the PlayStation 2.
The series relaunched on October 28, 2011, in the first issue of Comic Spica.
Bayonetta: Bloody Fate is a 2013 anime film produced by Gonzo, based on PlatinumGames' 2009 video game, Bayonetta.
Shinmai Fukei Kiruko-san is a Japanese comedy manga series written and illustrated by Masahiro Hirakata.
There was also a live-action version, Welcome to Ogenki Clinic.
Grimgar of Fantasy and Ash is a Japanese light novel series written by Ao Jūmonji and illustrated by Eiri Shirai.
It is published by Kodansha, with serialization in Evening magazine and with eleven volumes compiling the chapters released as of June 2017.
An English language-version titled Super Pig was produced by Saban Entertainment in 1997.
The world view is rooted in Chinese folklore and history, as well as having an element of fantasy.
Nihonbungeisha released the manga's tankōbon volume on December 28, 2006.
Five character song CDs were released between December 2006 and April 2007.
It won the 34th Shogakukan Manga Award for shōjo.
On BS Japan, "Jōō" began airing on October 11, 2009.
By day, he does mundane chores but at night, Shikimi and Taki venture into graveyards to destroy the freshly risen dead.
Mononoke is a Japanese animated television series produced by Toei Animation.
An anime adaptation produced by Asatsu DK and animated by Shin-Ei Animation has aired in Japan since October 6, 2014.
It has been adapted into an anime television series.
The series follows the adventures of ESWAT members Deunan Knute and Briareos Hecatonchires in Olympus.
It is published in English by Be Beautiful Manga.
It was later adapted into a comedy anime series on Kids Station, a Japanese broadcast satellite station.
Toei Animation Co., Ltd. is a Japanese animation studio primarily owned by Toei Company.
Steinbeck stated about East of Eden: "It has everything in it I have been able to learn about my craft or profession in all these years."
The Tyrant Falls in Love is a Japanese yaoi manga series written and illustrated by Hinako Takanaga.
It is published by Kodansha since December 2014 on Morning Two, with two volumes compiling the chapters released so far.
The character designs for the anime remained faithful to the manga style.
An anime movie based on the manga was released in Japan in April 20, 1996.
The second season aired in Japan between January 11, 2016 and March 28, 2016.
The chapters are unrelated except for taking place at two affiliated all-girl schools, though characters reappear in several of the stories.
It is licensed in North America by 801 Media, which released the manga in January 2008.
The series is directed by Shinji Takamatsu and written by Michiko Yokote.
D.Gray-man made the transition from a weekly to a monthly series in November 2009, when it began serialization in Jump Square.
Shodensha collected the chapters into five volumes.
In 2002, the series received the 47th annual Shogakukan Manga Award for shōjo.
The manga was adapted into a 43–episode anime series which ran on Fuji TV from October 10, 1987 through October 1, 1988.
Shigurui is a Japanese manga series by Takayuki Yamaguchi, based on the first chapter of the novel Suruga-jō Gozen Jiai by Norio Nanjō.
Bar Lemon Heart is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Mitsutoshi Furuya and published by Futabasha since 1986.
Iason Mink, a high-class "Blondie", runs into Riki, a black-haired "Mongrel", and makes him his "Pet", which Riki resents being.
It consists of 51 episodes, and was directed by Gundam creator Yoshiyuki Tomino.
There have been two manga adaptations serialized in ASCII Media Works' Dengeki G's Magazine and Dengeki Daioh.
Muromi-san is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Keiji Najima.
The gameplay in Moon follows a branching plot line which offers pre-determined scenarios with courses of interaction, and focuses on the three female main characters.
An anime adaptation aired in 1983 in Japan, Hong Kong, Greece and Arab countries.
Monster Retsuden Oreca Battle is a Japanese trading card arcade game by Konami, released in March 2012.
The Saban version was however used as the base for the German, Swedish and Finnish versions.
In 2008, the first new episode in 17 years was shown at the Rumiko Takahashi exhibition It's a Rumic World.
The series originally started serialization in volume five of MediaWorks' now-defunct light novel magazine Dengeki hp on March 17, 2000.
It was nominated as one of the Young Adult Library Services Association 2008 Great Graphic Novels.
Junjo Romantica: Pure Romance, stylized as Junjo Romantica ~Pure Romance~, is a yaoi series by Shungiku Nakamura.
First Girl is a josei romance manga series written and illustrated by Chiho Saito.
An anime adaptation produced by Production Reed premiered on 10 January 2016.
It was originally serialized at the Weekly Shōnen Jump from 1985 to 1991.
The Shaman King manga was originally serialized in Weekly Shōnen Jump between 1998 and 2004.
Bladedance of Elementalers, also written as Blade Dance of Elementalers, is a fantasy light novel series written by Yū Shimizu with illustrations by Hanpen Sakura.
Ojamajo Doremi, also known as Magical DoReMi in some countries, is a Japanese magical girl anime television series created by Toei Animation.
An anime adaptation, under the title Sketchbook ~full color's~, aired in Japan between October 2 and December 25, 2007.
Akamatsu collaborated with an artist named Yui to write the spin-off Negiho in 2010.
Fushigi Yūgi, also known as Fushigi Yûgi: The Mysterious Play or Curious Play, is a Japanese shōjo manga series written and illustrated by Yuu Watase.
Ragnarock City is an erotic art book and yuri manga by Satoshi Urushihara, published by Gakken in 2001 in Japan.
The 14-chapter series was serialized by Kadokawa Shoten in the monthly Shōnen Ace magazine from 2004 to 2005.
Ef: A Fairy Tale of the Two is a two-part Japanese adult visual novel series by Minori for Windows PCs.
is a Japanese four-panel comic strip seinen manga written and illustrated by Kakifly.
It follows the life of Suzu Urano, a young bride with her new family living on the outskirts of Kure City during the Second World War.
Made in Heaven is a 2-volume manga by Ami Sakurai, published by Gentosha in 2007.
The series is published in Japan by Kodansha and by Chuang Yi in English in Singapore.
An anime television adaptation by Actas aired in Japan between October and December 2016, with the remaining episodes to airing on February 5, 2017.
The series was a perennial best-seller, selling 1.2 million copies per volume, for a total of more than 130 million
Apocalypse Zero, known in Japan as Kakugo's Progress, is a manga series written and illustrated by Takayuki Yamaguchi.
The 51-episode series was first aired from January 10, 1992 through December 25, 1992.
The series has also spawned several companion books, spin-off manga, video games, and other merchandise.
The series began serialization in Ichijinsha's Comic Yuri Hime S magazine from June 12, 2008, before being moved over to Comic Yuri Hime in September 2010.
Reviewers identified various themes and literary elements in the collection, and generally enjoyed the short stories and art.
The second season aired between October 10, 2013 and December 26, 2013 with the same amount of episodes.
It started to be published in 1986 and as of 2016 there are 15 novels and one side story in the official guidebook Arslan Senki Tokuhon.
The story was adapted to a 13-episode anime that aired in Japan between January 5, 2003 and March 30, 2003.
The series ran for 24 episodes from April to October 2005 on TV Asahi.
An anime series produced by Ufotable has been announced.
An anime adaptation, produced by Tatsunoko Production, premiered on April 7, 2011 on TV Tokyo.
The series has equally raised controversy over its mature content, dark themes, and use of Christian religious imagery.
It was released in February 2011 for Windows, and it was later ported to the PlayStation Portable and PlayStation Vita.
Van, with aid from Allen, commands his mystical mech Escaflowne in the struggle to stop the Zaibach Empire.
Episode Zero can technically be considered canon, since it was originally going to be included in the Gundam Wing television series.
An eroge adaptation, Jinki Extend Re:Vision, was announced for release in 2010.
The series also spawned a live-action drama special starring Misaki Ito and Sachie Hara.
It was serialized in Kodansha's Afternoon in 2003 and collected into 3 tankōbon volumes.
However, for that very reason the series is cited as a milestone in its long-running franchise and ultimately proved very popular in the region.
But despite all this, Ecchan is still only a young girl, and like any young girl she makes mistakes.
The anime series was also licensed by Viz, but is now licensed by Sentai Filmworks.
The series was inspired by several live-action films.
Loosely based on the Monster Hunter series of video games by Capcom, Monster Hunter Orage premiered in Kodansha's Shōnen Rival in April 2008.
No explanation was given for the drastic departure of the final anime from the trailer.
Kyoto Animation produced a 24-episode anime series in 2006.
In Singapore it was published by Chuang Yi in English in 2005 and it was retitled Pokémon Pocket Monsters.
The series has spawned four manga adaptations and two light novel series.
Her works during her illness were collected and published with some of her earlier works as volume 15 in June 2010.
A 30-episode anime series of the same title is based on the manga.
The series aired in Japan between October 1, 2005 and December 25, 2005 and was licensed in North America by Geneon.
Grenadier is a manga series written and illustrated by Sōsuke Kaise, published in Kadokawa Shoten's Shōnen Ace in 2003.
The eighth volume concluded the run of the manga.
A 13-episode anime adaptation produced by J.C.Staff was aired on TV Tokyo in Japan.
As of March 2013, the series has been compiled into twelve bound volumes.
The band also provided the ending theme to the movie.
In 1977, it received the Shogakukan Manga Award for seinen/general manga.
The series went on long-term hiatus in March 2003 and has yet to be concluded.
As of August 2009, 40 chapters has been released in Japan.
The story revolves around the protagonist Rikuto Mitani, whose father remarried a woman who already has a daughter.
Nippon Television began airing the Kobo-chan strip on television on September 15, 1990.
A light novel adaptation with four chapters was published by Kadokawa Shoten, and serialized in the Newtype magazine between March and July 2011 issues.
The license holding company Sentai Filmworks licensed both Ef anime series.
Dreamin' Sun is a Japanese slice of life romance shōjo manga series written and illustrated by Ichigo Takano.
The manga began monthly serialization in the May 2007 issue of manga magazine Shōnen Ace and concluded with the March 2014 issue.
Flower of Eden is a Japanese manga created by author Yuki Suetsugu.
The UK release was published by MVM Entertainment on July 9, 2012.
Aqua was serialized in Stencil from 2001 to 2002 and collected in two tankōbon volumes.
In 1995, the book won the 26th Kōdansha Literature Culture Award and the 42nd Sankei Children's Literature Culture Award.
It was first published in 1998, in Princess.
The series debuted on the web, where it was made available in Japanese, English, Chinese, and Korean.
A 12-episode anime, adapted from the manga, aired in Japan from January 5 to March 23, 2007.
The series retains a number of elements of the original American series, but also exhibits a number of differences from it as well.
Yuuka Nanri will be performing the theme song for .hack.Quantum.
Utawarerumono is a Japanese adult tactical role-playing visual novel by Leaf which was released on April 26, 2002 for Windows.
However, the copyright has since expired, allowing foreign releases to use the Lupin name.
Only Serious About You is a yaoi manga series by Kai Asou.
Konpeki no Kantai is a Japanese alternate-history original video animation series produced by J.C.Staff.
The anime was later adapted into second two volume manga series, a PlayStation 2 video game, and a series of drama CDs.
Gunbuster, known in Japan as Aim for the Top!, is a Japanese OVA anime series produced by Gainax released from 1988 to 1989.
Her new title, Vampire Knight, currently runs in monthly LaLa magazine.
It was later adapted into TV series, produced by Fuji TV.
The series was first serialized in Aria magazine.
It replaced Dinosaur King in the Nichi Asa Kids Time 7:00 timeslot and was succeeded by Battle Spirits: Shounen Gekiha Dan.
Ōoku: The Inner Chambers is an ongoing Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Fumi Yoshinaga.
Shrine of the Morning Mist is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Hiroki Ugawa.
A third season started airing in January 2015.
The anime, which critics described as a generic shōnen fighting series, received a mostly negative reception.
Snow was voted as the twenty-sixth best bishōjo game by the readers of Dengeki G's Magazine in 2007.
It premiered on TXN stations in Japan and on YouTube in limited international markets on October 7, 2013.
Four Shōjo Stories is a shōjo manga anthology released by Viz Media in February 1996.
It is created and directed by veteran director Hisayuki Toriumi, who directed Science Ninja Team Gatchaman and character designs by Shigehito Tsuji.
A third season premiered in April 2017.
Hasbro Studios and Nelvana Limited licensed the anime for an English-language release.
A manga adaptation illustrated by Hōki Kusano was serialized ASCII Media Works' Dengeki G's Magazine and Dengeki G's Comic.
In July 2010, the manga was adapted into an anime series that ran for 13 weeks first airing on Chubu-Nippon Broadcasting.
2nd GIG, aired from January 2004 to January 2005.
The English dub of Tokyo Pig was produced by Miramax Television and Buena Vista Sound Services.
Bukatsu-mono Encore aired from January 12, 2014.
It premiered on November 1, 2003, on Japan's NHK BS Hi-Vision satellite service.
It was serialised in Kodansha's Bessatsu Shōnen Magazine and compiled in six volumes.
The story is about an abandoned kitten called Chibi-neko who is adopted by a young man named Tokio who grows up believing that she is human.
The manga was serialized in CoroCoro Comic in September 2006.
It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing, which released the manga through its imprint, Juné, on February 26, 2008.
Bartender was later adapted into an anime television series, broadcast in 2006 on Fuji Television.
The second series was a twelve-episode readaptation and was broadcast between January and March 2007.
It has been published bimonthly in the magazine Jump SQ.19 from February to April 2009 and moved to Jump Square upon the former's ending.
TOKYOPOP has acquired the rights to this sequel and calls it "Pet Shop of Horrors – Tokyo," and the first volume was released in February 2008.
However, the manga has received some criticism, mostly centered on some of the jokes and repetitive plot.
It has been released in France, Belgium and Spain, as Cat Shit One, by Glénat in 2006.
The individual chapters were collected and released into eight tankōbon volumes by Gentosha.
Missing is a series of Japanese light novels by Gakuto Coda, published by MediaWorks under their Dengeki Bunko label.
Tonoin Kei, a musical genius who has studied extensively in the area of conducting, falls in love with a music teacher, Morimura Yuuki.
Despite the novels being produced first, the anime is considered the original work, as stated by Yuzawa.
An anime titled Monogatari Series Second Season aired between July 7 and December 29, 2013.
In 2016, a TV series portrayal of the manga was created, co-production by Fuji TV & Netflix.
In 2008, the anime became one of over 30 ADV titles acquired by Funimation.
Tylor consists of a 26-episodes TV series directed by Kōichi Mashimo, and a sequel OVA series of 10 episodes directed by Mashimo and Naoyuki Yoshinaga.
The series spanned 14 chapters that in three tankōbon volumes.
There is another My-HiME manga titled My-HiME EXA.
Gorō Taniguchi serves as the creative producer, while the series composition is handled by Noboru Kimura and Yūko Kakihara.
HIV-1 reverse transcriptase from human immunodeficiency virus type 1 has two subunits, which have respective molecular weights of 66 and 51 kDa.
It was broadcast on Yomiuri TV from 1 July 1996 to 10 March 1997.
It has been adapted into two PlayStation Portable video games by Idea Factory, a yonkoma manga series and an anime television series.
Otomo's Akira anime marked his transition from a career primarily in manga, to one almost exclusively in anime.
The title is a play on words: the actual Kanji used are ai and yoku, rendering the primary meaning of "Eustia of the Tarnished Wings".
Neko Rahmen, also known as Neko Ramen, is a Japanese four-panel comic strip manga created by Kenji Sonishi.
It resumed serialization on July 17, 2015 after the release of Jump SQ.Crown, a spin-off from the magazine Jump SQ.
According to the production staff, it has no relation to the 1970s show and should not be described as a Mazinger Z remake.
An anime television series adaptation produced by MAPPA and Studio VOLN began airing on July 3, 2015, and finished airing on June 24, 2016.
It has been licensed in China, Thailand, and the Philippines.
Both the manga and anime have been well received by publications for different media for the character interactions and the comedy.
Two ninja clans, Tsubagakure of the Iga and Manjidani of Kouga, battle each other to determine which grandson of Tokugawa Ieyasu will become the next shogun.
Preliminary plans were made to create a direct sequel in the form of a single-episode called "Sword of Wind," but production never began.
A live action adaptation was also produced.
Saban Entertainment dubbed it under the title Rock 'n Cop, but this dub was never released in the United States.
Ken Noguchi, a professional mountain climber, provided inspiration to the creators of Moonlight Mile for their depictions of ascending Mount Everest.
"Dagashi Kashi" means "cheap sweets candy", but if read "Daga Shikashi", it also means "however".
The novel has received four manga adaptations, with one based on the main story and the other three revolving around characters in the series.
Slow Step is a romantic comedy boxing and softball manga by Mitsuru Adachi.
Inubaka: Crazy for Dogs is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Yukiya Sakuragi.
It was published in English by Viz Media.
An anime adaptation of it, produced by Dogakobo, aired between January 10 and March 28, 2013, and a special 46-minute-long special was released in May 2014.
A second anime television series premiered on October 20, 2012.
The manga was serialized in the Monthly Stencil magazine, and later serialized in Monthly Gangan WING magazine, and published in Japan by SQUARE ENIX.
The manga was licensed and published in Taiwan by Da Ran Culture before being transferred to Sun Ho.
It has since been compiled into seven bound volumes.
Martian Successor Nadesico, sometimes referred to as Nadesico, is a science fiction comedy anime television series, and a later manga series created by Kia Asamiya.
The series' concept originated in 1999 when Taniguchi was working on Infinite Ryvius.
Originally published as a web novel, the series has since been published by Media Factory with illustrations by Minami Seira.
Ushio and Tora is a supernatural manga by Kazuhiro Fujita.
Dokonjō Gaeru is a comedy manga series created and illustrated by Yasumi Yoshizawa.
Sensual Phrase is a shōjo manga series created by Mayu Shinjo.
It was originally published as a one-shot story in 2004 before becoming a serialized comic in Kodansha's Afternoon magazine in 2006.
One Piece is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Eiichiro Oda.
Vision to Funimation Entertainment, along with over 30 other titles.
STONe is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Sin-Ichi Hiromoto.
It was serialized in the Japanese seinen manga magazine Comic Birz from 1998 until 2002.
Beginning in December of that year, Soyosha published the series in book form.
The TV series and films were sub-licensed by Geneon, which released them unedited with English subtitles.
Some episodes were scripted by Masaki Tsuji, a longtime friend of Nagai's and head writer on his earlier series Devilman, Dororon Enma-kun, and Cutey Honey.
The character Gun Koma appears as a hidden character in the PlayStation 2 game MotoGP by Namco.
It is licensed for distribution in North America by Dark Horse Comics, who released the entire series in one volume in 2014.
Umi Monogatari ~Anata ga Ite Kureta Koto~ is a 12 episode anime series, directed by Junichi Sato and produced by Zexcs.
It premiered across Japan on numerous television stations, including Animax, Tokyo MX, MBS and others, between October 4, 2005 and April 4, 2006.
Battle Spirits: Shounen Toppa Bashin is a 2008 Japanese anime series based on the Battle Spirits Trading Card Game.
St&rs was serialized in the Japanese magazine Weekly Shōnen Jump, published by Shueisha, from June 2011 to April 2012.
Meshibana Deka Tachibana is a manga series written by Sahee Sakado and illustrated by Tori Tabii.
The series subtitle is "The Nonsense Kunoichi Fiction".
It was adapted as an anime television series by Studio Pierrot broadcast in 22 episode on TV Tokyo from October 19, 1990 to March 22, 1991.
After the success of the franchise, Sanrio created more bunny twins who each specialize in their own jobs.
The original books were also made into an OVA, animated feature-length films, anime, and comic.
Because of their acrimonious split, the manga will probably be drawn by someone else soon.
Pavane for a Dead Girl is a Japanese manga series illustrated and written by Koge Donbo.
The series is licensed in English by Fantagraphics Books, which released the first volume in North America in July 2011.
A remake for the Xbox 360 console was released in 2012 and ported on PC in 2013.
Coyote Ragtime Show is an anime series directed by Takuya Nonaka and produced by ufotable, which first aired in Japan on July 3, 2006.
Tokyopop's Volume 4 was released on December 2007 and no further volumes have been released since.
An original video animation episode was released in July 2014.
It has been serialized in Betsucomi from 2002 to 2012.
It was serialized across Shueisha's Weekly Shōnen Jump magazine between 1993 and 1994, spanning a total of five tankōbon volumes.
The series has a strong theme of strength through bonds.
The work won an honorable mention in the Kyoto Animation Award competition in 2010, leading the company to assume its publication starting in June 2011.
Little does he know how important he will become to the whole Virus conflict.
The series follows Ludwig, a self-centered, flamboyant prince, as he travels with his loyal, soft-hearted valet in search of a bride.
It was released on VHS in the United States.
Black Jack is Tezuka's third most famous manga, after Astro Boy and Kimba the White Lion.
Candy Candy is a Japanese historical romance novel, manga, and a classic anime series.
It gives a necessary and sufficient condition for being able to select a distinct element from each set.
Two tankōbon volume were released on December 12, 2003 and February 24, 2006 by Shinshokan.
Many characters and places in the story, for instance, are named after members of Hagiwara's favorite bands.
A second live action film, Ushijima the Loan Shark 2, was released on May 16, 2014.
The gameplay in Tokimeki Memorial focuses on scheduling, dating and stat-building.
It was adapted into a live-action television drama in 2010.
A second short film partially funded through Kickstarter, Little Witch Academia: The Enchanted Parade, was released on October 9, 2015.
Asuka is released on the 24th of each month.
An anime television series adaptation by TMS Entertainment aired in Japan between July and September 2016.
Masaki Tsuzuki adapted the series into a novel, which Megami Bunko published in August 2005.
Kaguyahime is a science fiction manga series by Reiko Shimizu.
It was serialized in Square Enix's GFantasy from 2002 to October 2008.
A live action movie was released in 1961, titled Fūryū Kokkei-tan: Sennin Buraku.
It was later re-released on DVD in 2004.
It is notable for establishing ground Otomo would later explore successfully in Domu and his best-known work Akira.
It is licensed in North America by Viz Media, which serialized it in Animerica Extra.
The film has been licensed by Sentai Filmworks in North America, Anime Limited in the UK, and Madman Entertainment in Australia.
The manga was well received by Japanese-language readers; several volumes have appeared in the top manga sales charts.
The film performed well in theaters for an extended period of time and was hosted at many local and international film events.
A manga prequel called K: Memory of Red, drawn by Yui Kuroe was serialized in Kodansha's Aria between May 28, 2012 and August 15, 2013.
A second season was announced on the anime's website in the beginning of April.
A visual novel is also in development by Otomate.
Rozen Maiden received a sequel under the series' katakana title.
The manga tells the story of a salesman named Moguro Fukuzo, whose job is to help people fill gaps in their soul.
It has also been translated into other languages, such as French and German.
is one of the best-selling Weekly Shōnen Jump manga, with several volumes top sellers in Japan.
In addition, several soundtrack albums of classical music have been released, as well as three video games.
The first volume of the manga was licensed and released by A.D.
During the American Revolution, most Choctaw supported the Thirteen Colonies' bid for independence from the British Crown.
Although Prester itself is not a representation of Earth, it features technology reminiscent of nineteenth-century Europe at the dawn of the Industrial Revolution.
A manga prequel called K: Memory of Red, drawn by Yui Kuroe was serialized in Kodansha's Aria between May 28, 2012 and August 15, 2013.
A drama CD adaptation was released in February 2009, and a light novel in March 2009.
Kodansha also did not offer an explanation for their decision.
The screenplay was written by Toru Nozaki.
It was published by Hakusensha from 1986 to 1994 in the magazine Hana to Yume and collected in 21 volumes.
In March 2008, Kodansha published a related light novel, Kitchen Princess: Search for the Angel Cake, written by Kobayashi and illustrated by Ando.
2nd GIG was also later adapted into a feature-length OVA entitled Individual Eleven, which was released in 2006.
Five volumes have been released in Japan.
The individual chapters were collected and published in eight tankōbon volumes by Gakken.
It has been acclaimed as one of the best MSX action games for its gameplay, depth, variety and rich pseudo-3D tile-based graphics with sprites.
It retains most of the staff from Gundam SEED, including Director Mitsuo Fukuda.
The series was then promoted to the weekly magazine Shōnen Sunday from 1990 volume 40 through 1997 volume 47.
Retroviral RT has three sequential biochemical activities:
An anime adaptation by Silver Link aired in Japan from October 5 to December 21, 2012.
Although it is about aspiring musicians, a series of Drama CDs and video games have been released, as well as an OVA made in flash animation.
Magician's Academy is a Japanese light novel series by Ichirō Sakaki, with illustrations by Blade.
A manga adaptation by Hitoshi Okuda began serialization in Enterbrain's Famitsu Comic Clear web magazine in January 2012.
The first volume was released on June 10, 2005 and the second followed on September 10, 2005, both published by MediaWorks under their Dengeki Bunko imprint.
The series was aired on Fuji TV's Noitamina programming block between October 2012 and March 2013.
A follow-up project focusing on a new set of idols, titled Love Live!
The volume was published in Japan on December 25, 1997.
Kino's Journey: the Beautiful World, shortened to Kino's Journey, is a Japanese light novel series written by Keiichi Sigsawa, with illustrations by Kouhaku Kuroboshi.
After capturing the Brunish nobleman Tigrevurmud Vorn, Elen must help restore peace and order to Brune.
It was made into a Japanese television drama series in 1994, into films in 2000 and 2009, and into a drama CD in 2010.
Kids on the Slope is a Japanese manga series by Yuki Kodama.
It was announced in Young King's fourth issue of 2016 that the manga will end on February 22, 2016.
It also marked the debut of Hajime Katoki, who would become one of the franchise's most prolific mechanical designers.
It began serialization on Square Enix's Gangan Comics Online service from August 4, 2011 and is published by Yen Press in North America.
It was serialized in Weekly Shōnen Jump from May 19, 2008 to November 21, 2016, with the chapters collected into 43 tankōbon volumes by Shueisha.
Like Queen's Blade before it, Rebellion is also compatible with Flying Buffalo's Lost Worlds gamebooks.
Switch was animated as 2 OVAs by ACTAS, Inc.. Square Enix released a series of 4 vocal CDs for Switch.
Gosick is a Japanese light novel series written by Kazuki Sakuraba, with illustrations by Hinata Takeda.
A manga version by Takeru Kirishima has been serialized in Kadokawa Shoten's Comp Ace.
Fantasista Doll is a 12-episode Japanese anime television series produced by Hoods Entertainment and directed by Hisashi Saitō.
Makai Senki Disgaea is also the title of several distinct manga and light novel series based on the Disgaea game series.
Ai-Ren was serialized in the bi-weekly magazine Young Animal from June 1999 to May 2002.
The first manga bound volume was released by Kadokawa Shoten on July 26, 2008.
The story focuses on a group of children who pilot the titular Fafners in an escalating war against giant aliens called Festum.
The series' name is derived from the term "yuyushiki jitai".
It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing, which released the manga through its imprint, Juné, on 13 May 2008.
The game features a weather forecast system with events happening on foggy days to replace the moon phase system implemented in the previous games.
Afro Samurai, also written AFRO SAMURAI, is a Japanese seinen dōjinshi manga series written and illustrated by manga artist Takashi Okazaki.
However, due to talks over publishing negotiations breaking down, DMP stopped publishing Robot after Volume 3.
The young man was born of an ogre's corpse, like the oni born of human's body, making him pure ogre blood.
Vision, the series is now distributed by successors Section23 Films and Æsir Holdings.
Viz Media published all 18 volumes in North America, while the film and the TV series have released in DVDs by Manga Entertainment and Geneon, respectively.
A 13-episode anime television series adaptation by Madhouse aired between July 7 and September 29, 2015.
The series features three girls, Kanoko, Kate, and Pop, who live in the city of Asialand.
In 1973 an animated series based on the manga was made, produced by Yoshinobu Nishizaki and broadcast by Kansai Telecasting Corporation.
Cat Paradise is a fantasy action manga written and illustrated by Yuji Iwahara.
Samurai Champloo is set in an alternate version of Edo-era Japan with an anachronistic, predominantly hip hop, setting.
Vision to Funimation Entertainment, along with over 30 other titles.
Another two-episode OVA project titled Strawberry Marshmallow Encore was released in 2009.
Kashimashi: Girl Meets Girl is a Japanese yuri manga series written by Satoru Akahori and illustrated by Yukimaru Katsura.
It is the follow up to the 2011 anime television series Steins;Gate, which was based on the visual novel of the same name by 5pb.
The manga has been licensed for English language distribution by Infinity Studios.
The manga follows a group of teenage survivors of a plane crash who find themselves in a mysterious island inhabited by extinct prehistoric creatures and plants.
It features anthropomorphized characters representing aspects of charging electrical equipment.
Overlord is a Japanese light novel series written by Kugane Maruyama and illustrated by so-bin.
A spin-off sequel to the visual novel entitled Hoshiuta: Starlight Serenade was released on December 25, 2009.
For the fourth series, Sentai Filmworks had acquired the license for digital and home video release, while Crunchyroll acquired streaming rights.
It will be republished in English by Digital Manga.
The new anime, titled Code Geass: Lelouch of the Resurrection, will take place a few years after the events of the Zero Requiem.
An anime television series began airing in October 2013.
Its overall plot outline is written by Dragon Ball franchise creator Akira Toriyama, while the individual episodes are written by different screenwriters.
A manga adaptation was serialized in Monthly GFantasy between December 2012 and October 2014.
The story is set in a clockpunk fantasy version of the world, in which the entire planet is run by clockwork.
The anime has been licensed by Media Blasters for release in North America.
The manga has also been adapted into a drama series, which aired on October 11, 2008, starring Haruma Miura.
It had a limited run from 1996 to 1997, and consists 5 volumes and 14 chapters.
Southern Ice Hockey Club is a shōnen manga by Kōji Kumeta.
It was adapted as an anime that follows only part of the manga story, cutting off after 13 episodes.
There are five volumes published so far: vol.
The chapters were collected into eight tankōbon volumes by Hakusensha and released from 1996 to 2005.
The manga is licensed in English in North America by Viz Media and in Singapore by Chuang Yi.
There is also a two-volume light novel adaptation, which unlike the manga has a storyline close to that of the anime.
The latest version of the series called Ai Tenchi Muyo!, was broadcast on Tokyo MX in 2014.
After Tokyopop's license for Cardcaptor Sakura expired, Dark Horse Manga acquired the license and released the series in omnibus editions from October 2010 to September 2012.
The manga was first serialized in the Japanese shōnen manga magazine Comic Blade on October 30, 2005, published by Mag Garden.
The Saban-produced Mon Colle Knights aired on Fox Kids in North America from July 2001 to September 2002, consisting of 45 episodes.
The Mario media franchise extends out of video games into non-game media.
Twelve tankōbon volumes were released in Japan.
A 24-episode anime television adaptation by Silver Link and Connect aired between October 4, 2013 and March 28, 2014 in Japan.
The Kabocha Wine received the 1983 Kodansha Manga Award for the shōnen category.
The series was awarded Gold in the 23rd Fantasia Awards.
Upon arriving, Weed immediately begins protecting Ōu and its soldiers from dangerous threats.
They all live in the magical world of Bunniesfield.
8 volumes were released in Japan, the last on April 27, 2012.
An anime ONA adaptation was produced by E.G.
She does this on a website under the pseudonym of "Dr.
Two compilation anime films recapping the events from the anime television series were released in Japan on February 25, 2017 and March 11, 2017, respectively.
Ghost Slayers Ayashi is a Japanese anime series, created and written by Shō Aikawa and produced by Bones.
In Europe and the Middle East the market was worth $250 million in 2012.
Kenji is a manga series written by Ryuchi Matsuda and illustrated by Yoshihide Fujiwara.
Desire is a yaoi manga written by Maki Kazumi and illustrated by Yukine Honami.
It was later published in three tankōbon volumes from August 22, 2002 to July 10, 2003.
The manga was published by Shogakukan in Shōjo Comic between 1997 and 2000, and collected in 18 bound volumes.
Makai Senki Disgaea follows the same general plot as the game, but with several alterations to character roles and the chronology of events.
An anime television series by TMS Entertainment began airing in Japan on January 6, 2014.
Yuria 100 Shiki is a Japanese manga series written by Shigemitsu Harada and illustrated by Nobuto Hagio.
has made several transitions to other media.
is a shōjo manga by Neko Nekobe which ran in Nakayoshi.
It is licensed for an English language release in North America by Viz Media.
It is also the name of the heroine of the manga.
It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing, which released the manga through its yaoi imprint, Juné, on December 2, 2008.
Hozuki's Coolheadedness is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Natsumi Eguchi.
One panel involves a graphic drawing of a lesbian ménage à trois, and another significant gore.
Two compilation anime films recapping the events from the anime television series were released in Japan on February 25, 2017 and March 11, 2017, respectively.
A spin-off series to Achiga-hen, Side story of -Saki-: Shinohayu the dawn of age, began serialization in Big Gangan from September 2013.
Future Card Buddyfight Hundred was followed by Future Card Buddyfight Triple D which ran from April 1, 2016 to March 24, 2017.
The transformation begins around the spine and then shapes layered armor.
Turn A Gundam is a 1999 Japanese Mecha anime series produced by Sunrise and aired between 1999 and 2000 on Japan's FNN networks.
The manga was adapted into a three-episode erotic original video animation series produced by Milky.
Without her knowledge, her grandfather signs her up to participate in a televised martial arts competition between female martial artists known as "Prime Mat".
On his blog, Kuroda states that he intends to write more some day, but is too busy.
The series is published in Japan by Shogakukan, and in the United States in English by VIZ Media.
During the run of the anime a continuation of the story called "Shin Mizuiro Jidai" was run in Ciao Magazine.
Mikagura School Suite is a Japanese light novel series written by Last Note., with illustrations by Akina.
It tells about a young 26-year-old otaku, who is suddenly visited by a young girl claiming to be his daughter.
Critics praised the series for its execution of typical story elements and how it continuously becomes better over time.
Aniplex of America licensed the anime for a simulcast with a home video release starting July 2014.
Starship Operators is licensed in English in the United States by Geneon.
Cyberteam in Akihabara is a 1998 science fiction anime series created by Tsukasa Kotobuki and Satoru Akahori.
Crunchyroll later acquired streaming rights to the first two series.
As of September 1, 2009, the series is now licensed by ADV's successor, AEsir Holdings; with distribution from Section23 Films.
Commemorating the 15th anniversary of the Gundam brand, G Gundam was produced to reboot the waning popularity of the long-running franchise.
The series made its only television premiere on Cartoon Network with a 2-hour special on August 25, 2007.
follow the current anime series as its power-up.
An anime adaptation, titled La Corda d'Oro: Primo Passo, was first broadcast by TV Tokyo from October 2006 to March 2007.
A preview of the Disgaea anime was also available on another Geneon anime DVD, Hellsing Ultimate OVA I.
An anime adaptation by AIC Spirits first aired in Japan on October 4, 2007.
Special: The Night Before the Carnival and a stand-alone Tenchi Muyo!
The OAV series was licensed and released on VHS and LaserDisc in North America by Central Park Media in 1990.
However, she constantly bothers him with her Feng shui advice when he doesn't believe in any of that.
Super Dimensional Fortress Macross II: Lovers Again was the first instalment in the Macross franchise to feature a new cast of characters.
The series depicts the adventures of culinary journalist Shirō Yamaoka and his partner, Yūko Kurita.
The manga was first serialized in the Japanese manga magazine Monthly Magazine Z in June, 2001.
While Believers contains many scenes of graphic sexuality, the sex and nudity is used intellectually and not merely as fan service.
The manga appeared in Weekly Shōnen Jump from 1995 to 1997.
Because of the sexual content the series was one of the manga placed on "Harmful manga" lists by local and national governmental agencies.
The first volume of the series released in North America was met with overall positive reviews.
Dark Horse Comics licensed the manga and released it in English in North America.
Animax aired Bandai Entertainment's localization, the series' English language television premiere.
Honey Hunt is licensed for English language release in North America by Viz Media.
Seven Seas Entertainment licensed the manga series for a printed release in North America in August 2015.
It is twelve volumes long and was serialized in Gentosha Comics' Comic Birz magazine, and licensed by Tokyopop in the west.
The eleventh and final volume was released in English in April 2010.
A manga adaptation has been produced, and a 12-episode anime television series adaptation by Shaft aired between January and March 2013.
A live action film adaptation was released on November 19, 2011.
Sexy Voice and Robo is a seinen manga by Iou Kuroda.
Hetalia: Axis Powers is a Japanese webcomic, later adapted as a manga and an anime series, by Hidekaz Himaruya.
Shion no Ō, subtitled The Flowers of Hard Blood, is a Japanese mystery manga written by Masaru Katori and illustrated by Jiro Ando.
It was adapted into an anime television series by Toei Animation that lasted 87 episodes and three feature films from 1990 through 1992.
With the August 7, 2014 issue, it was announced that the series would be placed on hiatus.
The story was novelized in a series of six light novels by Yumiko Tsukamoto.
At the same time, it was an homage to, as well as a parody of, the many clichés of contemporary manga and anime.
It has been released in French and German.
Each spin-off is set at some point during the Hokuto no Ken continuity and features a supporting character from the original manga as a protagonist.
Pink Lady had an enormous audience of young girls, and Majokko Tickle was considered an opportunity to capitalize on the similarity.
It was serialized in Kodansha's Weekly Shōnen Magazine from 1982 to 1987.
An episodic video game adaptation called Chimi Chara Psycho-Pass was developed by Nitroplus Staffers in collaboration with Production I.G.
Its popularity soon spawned "Shizukuishi kyun kyun toilet paper" printed with wetting scenes featuring Shizukuishi, an accident-prone public wetter who often carries toilet paper for cleanup.
An anime television adaptation by J.C.Staff and EGG FIRM began airing on July 4, 2016.
The story is usually focused on the antics of Qtarō and his friends.
Directed by Yoshikata Nitta, the anime's 109 episodes were broadcast on Fuji TV between April 7, 1980 and July 28, 1982.
It was serialized in Weekly Shōnen Jump magazine, and collected in 24 tankōbon.
Telomerase reverse transcriptase that maintains the telomeres of eukaryotic chromosomes.
The manga series has been adapted into three live-action television drama series: two in Japan in 2009 and 2011; and in South Korea in 2012.
As of May 2015, the series has sold 18 million copies.
Type-Moon published five volumes from December 2012 to December 2014.
An anime adaptation of the manga, produced by Studio Deen, premiered on January 5, 2013.
The official English title is KochiKame - Tokyo Beat Cops.
The anime series was licensed and released in the US by Media Blasters in a set of 3 DVDs in early 2006.
An anime adaptation aired on NHK Educational TV between October 5, 2013 and March 22, 2014.
Lollipop was adapted into a thirteen episode anime television series by Marvelous Entertainment and Sunshine Corporation under the direction of Noriyoshi Nakamura.
This 27-volume series was serialized in LaLa from 1994 to 2005.
A manga adaptation illustrated by Yuka Namisaki was serialized in ASCII Media Works' Dengeki Daioh magazine.
It was serialized in Feel Young magazine from 1995 to 1996 and collected into a single tankōbon volume by Shodensha on April 8, 2003.
It began as a serialized light novel series in 1999.
Osamu Dezaki's anime film adaptation, Black Jack The Movie, won Best Animation Film at the 1996 Mainichi Film Awards.
The story revolves around Haruhiko Amami, a male high school student living in a town where a rainbow is always seen in the sky.
The manga has been licensed in North America by Viz Media.
It follows the steps of Koinzell, who appears to be nothing more than a mere half-human child most distinguishable for the scar over his left eye.
He also noted that the series was different from his other works, and was unsure of how the audience would respond to it.
Makai Senki Disgaea is an anime series based on the video game Disgaea: Hour of Darkness.
It's published by Square Enix, with serialization on Gangan Online website and with five volumes released as of November 2015.
Tokyo Mew Mew is a Japanese shōjo manga series written by Reiko Yoshida and illustrated by Mia Ikumi.
It was adapted in a manga series written and illustrated by Iderou Hinoki in 1999.
The chapters were renumbered at this time, with chapter 0 in Arashi being a reprint of chapter 6 in Magazine Z, the last chapter published there.
God Mazinger, also known as Majin Densetsu is an anime, manga and novel series created by manga artist Go Nagai.
A second anime adaptation was announced and aired on Tokyo MX from April 3, 2017 to June 19, 2017.
Hikaru Midorikawa is a Japanese voice actor from Otawara, Tochigi who is represented by Aoni Production.
The series was serialized in Ribon magazine from the September 2007 issue of the magazine until its final chapter in the November 2008 issue.
It was produced by some of Japan's larger studios, including Big West, Tatsunoko Production, King Records and VAP.
The anime was made available to English-speaking audiences through Crunchyroll, which streamed it, and Sentai Filmworks, which licensed the series to be released on DVD.
It was originally serialized in Shueisha's Weekly Young Jump from June 2002 to August 2005, with the 107 chapters collected into twelve tankōbon volumes.
The original series, movie, and Leave it to Piyoko!
The Star of Cottonland received the 1978 Kodansha Manga Award for shōjo manga.
It gained popularity among male soccer players at the time.
The series is available on DVD containing two to three episodes each.
A Japanese television drama series adaptation was broadcast in 2007.
Astro Fighter Sunred is a Japanese manga created by Makoto Kubota.
It is directed by Naoyuki Kuzuya, produced by Frontier Works, and animated by Studio Izena.
Jormungand is a manga series by Keitarou Takahashi, which was serialized in Monthly Sunday Gene-X magazine and published in North America by Viz Media.
Gokusen is a manga series by Kozueko Morimoto.
The single volume was released on 2 December 2008, after it completed its run in the magazine.
Orange Pocket is an adult Japanese visual novel developed by Hooksoft which was released on June 13, 2003 for Windows as a CD.
It was serialized by Hakusensha in LaLa magazine from 1978 to 1987 and collected in seven tankōbon volumes.
Horimiya, a spin-off by Daisuke Hagiwara, is serialized since 2011 on Monthly G Fantasy.
Also shown were Flonne's descent into the Netherworld, Gordon piloting his ship through space, and a peculiar battle between Laharl and Baal.
It premiered in Shueisha's Ribon manga magazine in February 2001 and ran until January 2004.
It was followed by a second film, Hentai Kamen: Abnormal Crisis, in 2016.
The franchise celebrated its 25th anniversary in 2016.
The series is licensed in North America and in the United Kingdom by Viz Media, and in Australia and New Zealand by Madman Entertainment.
A television drama also premiered in August 2015 on Fuji TV.
The game takes place before the events of Love, Elections & Chocolate, and features two of the heroines from that game: Chisato Sumiyoshi and Satsuki Shinonome.
Cyborg 009 VS Devilman is a three-part anime OVA that serves as a crossover between the Cyborg 009 and Devilman series.
The manga is rated 18+ due to its scenes of violence and nudity.
The series contains 16 volumes: eight cover the original series, four are short story collections, and four are of a side story.
This anime was succeeded by Beast Wars Neo.
The series is also notable for its use of 3D computer graphics, which have never been done in the history of the franchise.
"Stigma of the Wind") is a Japanese light novel series written by Takahiro Yamato and illustrated by Hanamaru Nanto.
In August 2011, a Hello, Good-bye drama CD was produced by Marine Entertainment.
Along with the TV series, a new manga, True Mazinger Zero started on April 18, 2009) in the magazine Champion Red.
One of the most popular characters that appeared in Utsurun Desu was "the otter", Kawauso-kun.
David Production produced a five-episode original net animation series and an anime film in 2016.
Koizora is claimed to be a biographical account of Mika, or at least, based on first-hand accounts.
In May 2003 Kodansha released Slut Girl +α, a reprint with an extra chapter.
The individual chapters were collected and published in eight volumes by Shueisha.
Its story takes place in Japan in 1969 and it is about an orphan girl named Marin Asagi who befriends an alien named Melan Blue.
is a high-school romance manga by Mitsuru Adachi.
It was published by Viz Media in English in North America on August 5, 2008.
The third and fourth chapters were not released until 2008.
It received a range of critical reaction from reviewers, from praise as cute entertainment to criticism as the worst of Clamp's works.
It was shown from April 12, 2003 to June 28, 2003, for a total of twelve episodes.
Codename: Sailor V is a manga created by Naoko Takeuchi.
2nd GIG, known in Japan as Mobile Armored Riot Police: S.A.C.
An anime of the sequel Nisemonogatari aired from January to March 2012.
Go Nagai also wrote the lyrics to the opening theme song.
Pokémon Adventures, originally released in Japan as Pocket Monsters Special, is a Pokémon-related manga based on the video games.
The series had also received video game spin-offs for the PlayStation 2, PlayStation Portable, and mobile phones.
Lovedol ~Lovely Idol~ is the title of a Japanese series which focuses on a group of young girls who are striving to become famous Japanese idols.
Gaist Crusher is an action video game developed by Treasure and published by Capcom.
Eureka Seven was well received by critics and earned several awards at numerous award shows in Japan, most notably the 2006 Tokyo International Anime Fair.
Tsukuroi Tatsu Hito is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Aoi Ikebe.
Years before Wangan Midnight was created, Michiharu Kusunoki worked on a similar series known as Shakotan Boogie.
G Gundam ran for 49 episodes on Japan's TV Asahi from April 1, 1994 to March 31, 1995.
It was adapted into a short anime film by Toei Animation that premiered on December 17, 2011 at Jump Festa 2012.
It is a love story between two characters who have not seen each other in years but were once childhood friends.
An anime television series based on the game aired on the TV Tokyo network from May 4, 2011.
A spin-off to the light-novel series, called Full Metal Panic!
Bandai Entertainment licensed the series for North America release, and has published it in DVD volumes.
The name Mila came from the immensely popular Italian version of 1984's Attacker You!, in which the main character, You Hazuki, was renamed Mila.
My Lovely Ghost KANA is a romantic drama seinen manga series written and illustrated by Yutaka Tanaka.
A 12-episode anime adaptation, produced by Oriental Light and Magic, aired in Japan between October and December 2006.
The series is licensed in North America by Seven Seas Entertainment.
Three manga adaptations have been published by Shogakukan, along with four Nintendo 3DS games published by Bandai Namco Games.
Some of Ohshima's figurines are reproduced by Takashi Murakami.
The series went on hiatus in early 2008, but resumed publication in June 2009.
He is found and taken in by the daughter of a local rancher named Hibiki Watarai.
New novels and another manga were serialized in 2014.
Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc is an adventure visual novel video game developed and published by Spike and the first game in the Danganronpa series.
It was first serialized in Jump Comic's Weekly Shōnen Jump by Shueisha between May 2002 and June 2003, finally coming to an end at chapter fifty-two.
Cinnamoroll is a character series created by Sanrio in 2001, with character designs from Miyuki Okumura.
Music from the game was composed by Takanori Arima and Koji Yamada.
In the translation, Del Rey Manga maintained the traditional Japanese name order to preserve puns based on the characters' names.
Madman Entertainment licensed the anime in Australasia and the United Kingdom.
It has been serialized in Shueisha's Weekly Shōnen Jump magazine since July 22, 1997, with the chapters collected into 86 tankōbon volumes to date.
It was produced by Masao Maruyama, directed by Akiyuki Shinbo, and the screenplay was written by Duane Dell'Amico.
Enomoto: New Elements that Shake the World is a manga written and drawn by Shunji Enomoto.
She eventually takes advantage of a one in a lifetime opportunity, for normal people to join a Alice music academy, hoping to find her brother.
Hyōka is a 2001 Japanese mystery novel by Honobu Yonezawa.
One: Kagayaku Kisetsu e is a Japanese adult visual novel, developed by Tactics, a brand of Nexton, released on May 29, 1998 playable on Windows PCs.
AKB49: Renai Kinshi Jourei was first serialized in the 39th issue of the Weekly Shōnen Magazine on 25 August 2010.
Hina-chan no Nichijo is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Hiroko Minami.
Trilogy, this is the first animated OVA project to not be animated by long-time .hack producer Bee Train Productions Inc., nor directed by Koichi Mashimo.
It was created for the Gundam Big Bang 20th Anniversary celebration and is the eighth installment in the Gundam franchise.
Also in 2007, Media Blasters licensed and released the OVAs on DVD as Step Up Love Story.
", and later the serialization of Dai no Daibōken in Shueisha's Weekly Shōnen Jump.
It started serialization via Shueisha's online app Jump Live in August 2013, switching to the digital publication Shonen Jump+ after it launched in September 2014.
The series stars a teenage martial artist named Sanshiro, trained in the Kurenai School of Jiujitsu and centers around his search for his father's killer.
People of the Desert or The Desert Tribe is a comic strip written and illustrated by Hayao Miyazaki.
In September 2011, Fantagraphics announced that it had been licensed for English release; the single-volume hardcover omnibus, translated by Matt Thorn, was released in January 2013.
It was adapted into a TV special in 1986.
It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing, which released the manga on 9 September 2008.
Yoiko is a Japanese seinen manga written and illustrated by Yūgo Ishikawa and serialized in Big Comic Spirits.
Aoi, a boy at Yume's school, is soon revealed to be the King of the Eastern Skies of the Light world.
The director Gorō Taniguchi commented that the upcoming project would star an alive Lelouch and not as an alternate setting.
The OVA series was also released in the US.
Released to critical acclaim, the anime television series has been well received in Japan, selling over a million DVD and Blu-ray Disc volumes.
In addition, it has spawned two video games as well as various merchandise such as figurines, collectable cards, calendars, and artbooks.
Karasu Tengu Kabuto is a manga and anime series, created by Buichi Terasawa in 1987.
Starting Days, was released on December 5, 2015.
It aired once again on the network's Toonami block from October 26, 2013 to January 25, 2014.
It won the 37th Shogakukan Manga Award for shōjo.
Sister Princess was also adapted into two anime television series.
The anime was translated and dubbed into English by the anime television network Animax and broadcast on networks throughout Asia.
It ran in several magazines, including Weekly Shōnen Jump, from 1973 to 1985.
On January 7, 2010, Funimation Entertainment announced that they have licensed the OVA series in English.
Tokimeki Memorial is a popular dating simulation series by Konami.
Gurren Lagann, known in Japan as Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann, is a Japanese mecha anime television series animated by Gainax and co-produced by Aniplex and Konami.
The magazine series was canceled in 2009 and the third collection is the last.
It was serialized in Weekly Shōnen Jump magazine during the summer of 2000 and collected into one tankōbon volume on November 2, 2000 by Shueisha.
The first film, entitled Tiger & Bunny: The Beginning was released on September 22, 2012.
Novels, comic anthologies and drama CD's have also been released.
An anime film adaptation was released in Japanese cinemas on 1 October 2011.
As of June 2017, 35 volumes have been released.
Mama wa Shōgaku Yonensei is a Japanese shōjo anime by Sunrise.
The manga is described by Anime News Network as having an "inspirational tone" with a very cute style of storytelling.
The anime is popular in several countries and is arguably one of the most influential in boosting the popularity of Japanese animation in Western culture.
Naruto: Shippuden, a sequel to the original series, premiered in Japan in 2007, and ended in 2017, after 500 episodes.
The series won the 2002 Kodansha Manga Award for shōjo manga.
The Sacred Blacksmith, is a Japanese light novel series by Isao Miura, with illustrations by Luna.
It has also been a commercial success, with each BD volume selling more than 50,000 copies.
In September 2007 Geneon halted all distribution of anime DVDs in America, including Stellvia.
The anime series was released in the U.S. by Central Park Media.
The title is a pun on the words "love trouble", which describes the harem aspect of the series.
Kamen no Maid Guy is a comedy manga series written and illustrated by Maruboro Akai.
Yusei Fudo, the 18-year-old protagonist, lives in Satellite and makes it his objective to reach his rival Jack Atlas, who lives in Domino.
A concurrent radio drama was broadcast and the show's original soundtrack was published by Kings Records.
Di(e)ce, stylized di[e]ce, is a manga written and illustrated by Kana Yamamoto.
It is based on an original concept by Ichiro Sakaki and directed by Toshiyuki Katō.
The World God Only Knows, abbreviated as Kaminomi, is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Tamiki Wakaki.
Many manga are translated into other languages.
It premiered on TV Tokyo on April 6, 2008.
Norakuro strongly influenced Machiko Hasegawa, the author of Sazae-san, who apprenticed with its author Suihō Tagawa, as well as Fullmetal Alchemist author Hiromu Arakawa.
A two-episode original video animation was also made and aired on March 16, 2005.
An anime adaptation aired between April and June 2011.
A live action television series adaptation started airing in Japan on Nippon Television from November 4, 2006.
It has been serialized by Kodansha in Weekly Shōnen Magazine since 1989 and collected in over 117 tankōbon to date.
But in the process of writing and applying the programming, an unfortunate mishap takes place!
Samurai Girl: Real Bout High School is a Japanese light novel series written by Reiji Saiga and illustrated by Sora Inoue.
Manga stories are typically printed in black-and-white, although some full-color manga exist.
The setting thus has some similarities to that of the popular TV show Miami Vice.
Monster Musume is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Okayado.
Sugar Soldier is a Japanese manga series by Mayu Sakai, that was serialized in Shueisha's shōjo manga magazine Ribon from September 2011 to August 2015.
Gurren Lagann takes place in a fictional future where Earth is ruled by the Spiral King, Lordgenome, who forces mankind to live in isolated subterranean villages.
The book was first published in 1996, and released in 2004 in English translation.
On March 6, 2008 the anime began airing on their Free On Demand platform.
An English translation by Seven Seas Entertainment is also currently in publication.
Ringing Bell was produced by Sanrio and originally shown as a double feature alongside the US/Sanrio co-production The Mouse and his Child.
It was directed by Ryousuke Takahashi, who also co-created the series along with Sunrise.
In Hong Kong, the show aired under the title 電子神童, which translates to "Electronic Prodigy".
The series follows Maho Shirafune as he tries to become an astronaut.
It was remade in color in 1983 and films were released in 1983, 1984, 1985, 2003 and 2004 along with Doraemon films.
As of January 8, 2010, the anime series' international distribution is being handled by Funimation.
Both seasons have won several awards at the Tokyo International Anime Fair, Animage Anime Grand Prix, and Animation Kobe event.
It has been serialized in Kadokawa's magazine Harta, formerly known as Fellows!, since 2010, and has nine tankōbon volumes as of September 2015.
A Nintendo DS video game was released in October 2007, bundled with a special episode of the anime series.
For Europe, Atlus publishes the games through third-party companies.
No Bra tells the story of Masato Kataoka, a somewhat dimwitted high school student, whose childhood friend Yuki Nomura moves in with him one day.
On March 8, 2008, Kurosagi with Tomohisa Yamashita starring as the Black Swindler once again, was released.
A part of this series was published by Bloomsbury UK and is still available from some online/physical book stores.
An anime television adaptation by Nexus aired in Japan between July and September 2015.
It has been collected in ten tankōbon volumes.
Square Enix released the manga's four tankōbon volumes between March 26, 2005 and May 27, 2006.
An anime series was produced in 2006 by Madhouse and is licensed by Media Blasters.
The media-streaming website Crunchyroll simulcasted the first season to the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, and Ireland.
A new anime project featuring an original story by GoRA and GoHands, titled K: Seven Stories, has been green-lit.
Othello is a shōjo manga series by Satomi Ikezawa.
Positive response have focused on the comedy and characters from the series, while negative responses concern the manga's artwork.
The story revolves around a young girl named Punie Tanaka who is princess of Magical Land.
Manyū Hiken-chō is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hideki Yamada.
This series is also known for its darker undertones and story plots, taking darker routes than in previous series.
It moved to the magazine's successor Comic Yuri Hime in 2005 where it continued and concluded under its new title.
It was serialized from 1982 to 1984 in the Shōjo Comic manga magazine.
The title of the game reflects the prominent themes of the air, skies, and use of wings throughout gameplay.
A 12-episode anime adaptation of the series aired in Japan between October and December 2007.
Artist Acro is a shōnen manga by Ato Sakurai.
However, as the game takes place around the same time as the first game, it is a prequel to Valkyria Chronicles II.
Twelve volumes of the series have been published by Fujimi Shobo under their Fujimi Fantasia Bunko imprint.
The story of Übel Blatt takes place in a medieval, fantasy-like landscape.
Hikaru no Go is a Japanese manga series based on the board game Go, written by Yumi Hotta and illustrated by Takeshi Obata.
The original inspiration for the manga came from Togashi's own collecting hobby.
The manga is published by Akita Shoten in 14 graphic novels.
Eureka Seven was well received by critics and earned several awards at numerous award shows in Japan, most notably the 2006 Tokyo International Anime Fair.
An anime television series adaptation, produced by Brain's Base aired in Japan between April and June 2014.
Virgin Night is a Japanese erotic manga series by Yutaka Tanaka.
A sequel to the Famicom Madara, Mōryō Senki MADARA 2, was released for the Super Famicom in 1993.
Both seasons have won several awards at the Tokyo International Anime Fair, Animage Anime Grand Prix, and Animation Kobe event.
The anime adaptation received critical acclaim, particularly for the portrayal of the main character, but was also controversial in its treatment of social anxiety.
It has been adapted into a televised anime series which airs on TV Tokyo & has also been adapted into a theatrical film.
A spin-off light novel series, Kono Subarashii Sekai ni Bakuen o!, began publication from July 2014.
They published the first four chapters in their digital magazine Weekly Shonen Jump before shifting to posting the chapters for free on their website.
The manga was licensed for English language release by Del Rey Manga, who has released all of its volumes since April 27, 2004.
Bad Boys is a manga series written and illustrated by Hiroshi Tanaka.
Also of note are the unapologetic and explicit homosexual relationships in the manga, back when they were still a novelty for the genre.
It mainly focuses on a boy named Takaaki Asakura for his sunny and cheerful disposition) and his affection for flowers.
It was serialized in Shueisha's Weekly Shōnen Jump magazine between September 30, 1996 and March 8, 2004.
The anime is based on a manga by Tsuguo Okazaki which ran in Shōnen Sunday Super.
It is the first Gundam series with a self-contained plot set in an alternate calendar era from the original "Universal Century" timeline.
It appeared as a serial in the monthly manga magazine Nakayoshi from June 10, 2009 to June 3, 2015.
Yokoyama's sequel to the series, set in a parallel universe, is entitled His Name Is 101.
In addition to being a long-running series in the magazine, many of the characters from Ishii's later series first made their appearances in this series.
Dates are frequent but very brief, with usually only one multiple-choice question to determine whether your partner's love meter will increase or decrease.
It is the third entry in the Mazinger trilogy.
The anime is licensed by Sentai Filmworks in North America.
The plot revolves around Honoka Takamiya, an average student who somehow becomes infatuated with and protected by the most popular girl in school, Ayaka Kagari.
March 19, 2010 published the first printed volume manga.
A total of 1,345 stories were created in the original series, which are published by Shogakukan under the Tentōmushi manga brand, extending to forty-five volumes.
The manga shared the same characters and setting as the anime, but presented a different storyline.
Solid State Society, a TV-film sequel to the Stand Alone Complex series, was also released in that year.
Ēldlive is a Japanese manga series by Akira Amano.
Demon Prince Enma is a Japanese horror anime and manga series created by Go Nagai.
Tokyo Boys & Girls is a Shōjo manga series written and illustrated by Miki Aihara.
It was adapted into a 52-episode anime by Aniplex, whose original name is 韋駄天翔.
2 is a sequel to the visual novel Imouto Paradise!, featuring a new cast of characters, but with a similar plot.
It was later adapted into anime series, produced by TV Tokyo and Sunrise.
See Me After Class is a Japanese manga series written by Akiyoshi Ohta and illustrated by Munyū.
The new anime series, K: Return of Kings, aired from October 3, 2015 to December 26, 2015, rounding up the anime series and delivering its ending.
Chibi Vampire, originally released in Japan as Karin, is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Yuna Kagesaki.
Falcom Gakuen SC aired from January 4, 2015 to March 29, 2015.
It has inspired a live-action film and an anime television series.
Two visual novels based on the series for the Nintendo DS were released by ASCII Media Works in June 2008 and September 2009.
It contains two stories by Keiko Nishi, and one each by Moto Hagio and Shio Satō.
The animation is based on the manga of the same name, though the visuals of the characters, in particular the PlaWrestler robots, were different.
A sequel volume, Maybe I'm Your Steppin' Stone: Loveliness, known in Japan as Kawaige., was published by DMP in February 2008.
It was alternately authored by Yukio Togawa and Kazuo Koike, with art by Kosei Saigo and Yoshihiro Morito with ripped art from Herb Trimpe
The two main characters, Edgar Portsnell and Allan Twilight, as well as the family are named after Edgar Allan Poe.
Papa no Iukoto o Kikinasai!, also known as PapaKiki!
The series revolves around 20-year-old Makoto, who frequently gets involved in highly dangerous situations, usually against his own judgment.
Character and setting design for the show was conceived by Peter Chung, the Korean animator who created the MTV Animated series Æon Flux.
Two live-action movie sequels to the Japanese television drama, with the same actors, were produced with release dates of 18 December 2009 and April 2010.
Shukufuku no Campanella has received several transitions to other media.
It ended serialization in April 2008, publishing a total of six chapters.
Shangri-La is a Japanese science fiction light novel, written by Eiichi Ikegami and illustrated by Ken'ichi Yoshida.
Taro the Space Alien is a manga series created by Yasunari Nagatoshi.
DNA² was adapted into a 12-episode anime television series which ran on Nippon Television from October 7, 1994 to December 23, 1994.
A live action film adaptation premiered in Japan on December 21, 2011.
Shiki no Zenjitsu is a one-volume Japanese romance josei manga written and illustrated by Hozumi.
A sequel anime project was announced on the official Twitter account of the series.
Minami is a 27-year-old female office worker in an advertisement agency.
Part two began with the 11th volume of 2009, renamed Jōō Virgin.
Crimson Hero is a Japanese sports-themed manga series written and illustrated by Mitsuba Takanashi.
Big Order is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Sakae Esuno.
The manga won the award for children's manga at the 51st Shogakukan Manga Awards.
It was originally serialized in Weekly Shōnen Magazine from May 1997 to April 2002.
Diabolo is a manga by Kaoru Ohashi and Kei Kusunoki.
The series ran for 24 episodes from April to October 2005 on TV Asahi.
It's published in English by Vertical and in French by Ki-oon.
Published by Kodansha, it's serialized on Bessatsu Friend magazine and has been compiled into ten volumes so far.
The manga is collected into tankōbon volumes by Kodansha, which has released 22 volumes and an official guidebook as of April 15, 2011.
But standing in their way is Lillian and her Jewelpet partner, Luea, who also both want the same title and also, the hand of Prince Cayenne.
Yume-Kira: Dream Shoppe is a Japanese manga series by Aqua Mizuto.
Suppli is a manga series by Mari Okazaki.
Akaneshinsha released the manga in Japan in February 2007.
The sequel, Watashi no Kyūseishu-sama ~lacrima~, was serialized in Monthly GFantasy, with 35 chapters.
It was a jury-recommended work in the 2003 Japan Media Arts Festival.
White Brand is a one-shot Japanese manga written and illustrated by Youka Nitta.
The music for both the series and OVA was composed by Masara Nishida.
Red River, also known as Anatolia Story, is a historical fantasy shōjo manga series by Chie Shinohara.
Blood+, pronounced "Blood Plus," is an anime series produced by Production I.G and Aniplex and directed by Junichi Fujisaku.
In 2007, an English-language version of the film was released in the United States by ADV Films under the title Blade of the Phantom Master.
Takahashi's only protection is from a mysterious nude female superhero—the titular Kekko Kamen.
Embalming -The Another Tale of Frankenstein- is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Nobuhiro Watsuki, with occasional writing assistance from his wife Kaoru Kurosaki.
The chapters from the first seven volumes were adapted into a 26-episode anime television series by Gainax.
Media Factory published 12 novels under their MF Bunko J imprint between February 2007 and September 2010, including two side story volumes.
The novel was originally addressed to Steinbeck's young sons, Thom and John.
Kyōshi-hen was serialized in Kodansha's Be Love between 2004 and 2011.
Lump of Sugar later went on to produce a fan disc called Gaku Ou -It's Heartful Days!
On September 4, 2014, North American anime licensor Discotek Media announced their license of the original Japanese anime, and plans to release the series on DVD.
Muteki Kanban Musume is a Japanese manga series by Jun Sadogawa.
The series itself is rife with parodies and references, particularly to Akamatsu's earlier work Love Hina.
Upon receiving a diary from the library manager, he is informed by Yua that all of his happiest memories will be recorded in the diary.
Danganronpa 2: Goodbye Despair, known in Japan as Super Danganronpa 2: Sayonara Zetsubō Gakuen, is a visual novel adventure video game developed by Spike Chunsoft.
Boys Love is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Kaim Tachibana.
The animation has also been praised despite issues in latter episodes which required to be fixed in the DVD volumes of the series.
The anime television series was produced by Toei Company Ltd., with the actual animation produced by various other studios, including Nippon Sunrise.
The series was serialized in the shōjo manga magazine Aria, and has been released in North America by Kodansha Comics USA.
It ran for 49 episodes; beginning on April 7, 1995 and ending on March 29, 1996.
Stellar Theater is a Japanese visual novel by Rosebleu.
It was adapted into a live-action film released in July 2013.
Chief director Katsuyuki Motohiro aimed to explore psychological themes in society's youth using dystopian storylines.
The game is described by the development team as "infinite gravity!
Sentai Filmworks has since re-licensed the first season, in addition to acquiring the rights for the second season and film.
Ginga Legend Weed was originally serialized in the magazine Weekly Manga Goraku from 1999 to 2009.
The same studio also produced two films based on the series.
The Foreign Ministry action confirms that Doraemon has come to be considered a Japanese cultural icon.
The 52-episode TV series aired in Japan from 6 October 1998 through 28 September 1999.
English reviewers had mixed to negative reception towards the anime adaptation.
It has been collected in two tankōbon volumes as of January 2016.
Fifty years after its creation, Lupin III remains popular, with the fifth anime series airing in Italy and Japan in 2015.
Four animated feature films were shown in Japanese theaters from 1987 to 1989, with a fifth in 2004 and a sixth in 2014.
Hikaru, now in Youta's body, announces she has always had feelings towards her brother as more than a brother and intends to make him hers.
The first anime adaptation of Obake no Qtarō was shown on the Tokyo Broadcasting System in black & white, and ran from 1965–1968.
The games are tongue-in-cheek parodies of Gradius, hence the name.
Speed Racer, also known as Mach GoGoGo, is a Japanese media franchise about automobile racing.
The manga was licensed for English-language publication in North America by Viz Media and by Madman Entertainment in Australasia.
The series appears on an irregular basis in Sunday.
A 12-episode anime by the animation studio Zexcs aired in Japan between January and March 2008 on the Fukui TV television network.
A manga serialized in the Kadokawa Shoten magazine Dragon Age was circulated from October 1996 to November 1999, collected into five volumes by the company.
Kajika is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Akira Toriyama.
An OAD has been released as a tie-in with the 11th volume of the manga.
Takara Tomy developed the Beyblade toy line.
Funimation later licensed the OVA, which also was licensed by Kazé in the UK, for release in spring 2013.
Shirokuma Cafe is a Japanese manga series by Aloha Higa.
It has also been released digitally by BookWalker, Kadokawa's online digital shopfront.
It was published by Shogakukan in the magazine Shōnen Sunday from September 2002 until November 2004 and collected in 8 tankōbon volumes.
The novel was compiled into seven volumes following a 41 chapter run from 2011 to 2014.
The series ended after 99 chapters on March 19, 2009.
Shimamoto is responsible for several long-running and well-known manga series.
Both seasons have won several awards at the Tokyo International Anime Fair, Animage Anime Grand Prix, and Animation Kobe event.
The series has also spawned several novels, video games and eleven animated films.
A manga adaptation by Hiro Kiyohara was serialized between May 2010 and January 2012 in the issues of Kadokawa Shoten's Young Ace.
Viz Media licensed the manga and the television series for an English-language release.
The series first began as a manga serialized in Young Jump published by Shueisha.
There have been two volumes published, on June 4 and December 28, 2013.
Written differently, the title can refer to bubbles and used as such in the ending theme.
The manga began serialization in the September 2008 issue of ASCII Media Works' Dengeki Maoh magazine.
The original story was by Hiroyuki Kawasaki.
The film has been licensed by Sentai Filmworks in North America, Anime Limited in the UK, and Madman Entertainment in Australia.
The manga was nominated for the 2009 Eisner Award for Best U.S.
Last Exile is a Japanese animated television series created by Gonzo.
Throughout the series Ranma seeks out a way to rid himself of his curse, while his friends, enemies and many fiancées constantly hinder and interfere.
is a Japanese four-panel comic strip seinen manga written and illustrated by Kakifly.
Hino became a manga artist a mere nine months after she decided to become one.
Swallowing the Earth is a manga by Osamu Tezuka serialized in Big Comic and licensed by Digital Manga.
Afghanis-tan or Afghanistan is a Japanese yonkoma manga, originally published as a webcomic, by Timaking.
The anime's real world locales were drawn from numerous foreign films and were planned using location scouting.
It was serialized in Ichijinsha's Monthly Comic Zero Sum manga magazine between May 2002 and March 2006, and was collected into six bound volumes.
It was later dubbed in English by 4Kids Entertainment and a manga spinoff was created by Naoyuki Kageyama.
Four volumes compile stories selected from shōjo, shōnen, josei and seinen works released from 1985 until 2009.
It began serialization on September 3, 2008, in the October 2008 issue of Ribon.
The series follows the humorous adventures of the little girl robot Arale Norimaki, her creator Senbei Norimaki, and the other residents of the bizarre Penguin Village.
The manga has been licensed by Seven Seas Entertainment for distribution in North America; the first volume was released in November 2008.
The manga was serialized in the manga magazine Comic Guys from October 1995 until the magazine's cancellation in June 1996.
The assassin group known as Night Raid recruits the young man to help them in their fight against the Empire to end its corruption.
The manga series won the prestigious Tezuka Osamu Cultural Prize for best creative work in 2006.
Dry heat sterilization of an article is one of the earliest forms of sterilization practiced.
Right Stuf Inc. has since rescued the series for a complete collection release under their Lucky Penny label in 2014.
The manga was adapted into two original video animation series, named Hatsuinu The Animation and Hatsuinu 2 The Animation - Strange Kind of Womans ~again~, respectively.
The series was collected into four paperback volumes, released the following year.
18 volumes have been published so far.
Things quickly turn horrific however, when unsuspecting customers get more than what they bargained for.
An anime television series adaptation aired on TV Tokyo between September and December 2013.
The manga was published in English by Tokyopop, which also licensed the anime series.
It was first screened on 17 October 2015 and was released on 11 November 2015.
In order to avoid getting expelled, he must cross-dress when in the girls dormitory.
Stories from the novel series have been serialized in Kadokawa Shoten's light novel magazine The Sneaker.
The video game, Kōkidō Gensō Gunparade March, was released on 28 September 2000, for the PlayStation.
An alternate version was published in Anime DO in 1982.
The manga was adapted as a one-episode, 40-minute television drama broadcast on 1977-01-02 as part of the Shōnen Drama Series on NHK.
It is created as a tie-in to Tamiya's Mini 4WD franchise, and it is the second series to center on the franchise since Dash!
CB Chara Nagai Go World is an original video animation based in the works of Go Nagai.
It has been published by Shogakukan in Ciao since 1995 and collected in 30 bound volumes.
Chapters of Aji Ichi Monme were reprinted in Mangajin.
The series is influenced by themes such as reality, identity and communication, and it demonstrates them by using philosophy, computer history, cyberpunk literature and conspiracy theory.
The manga is serialised in Shogakukan's Betsucomi.
The developers added many in-game events to prevent the game from becoming stale.
English reviewers praised the plot and artwork, generally describing the series as cute.
Valvrave the Liberator is a Japanese mecha anime series, produced by Sunrise.
An action-adventure video game by Bandai Namco Games for PlayStation 4 titled Crows: Burning Edge has been announced for October 2016.
The main characters in the OVA sequel were the next generation of Gate Keepers.
Instead of being born with horns like traditional Japanese ogres, he was born with a sword.
Love You was first serialized through Weekly Shōnen Magazine in 1994, but later moved to Magazine Special where it ended in 1997.
It has been collected in seven volumes so far, and was published in English by Tokyopop who released five volumes in English.
The story has also been adapted into anime and a live-action television series.
Yukihiko Tsutsumi adapted the series into a film, known in Japan under the same title and known in the United States as Happily Ever After.
Steam Detectives is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Kia Asamiya.
The individual chapters were published into 24 tankōbon by Kodansha between February 1978 and June 1985.
It was republished in Japan by Shimpu in August 2012.
Akogare is a Japanese slice of life romance shōjo manga series written and illustrated by Chieko Hosokawa.
It replaced Dinosaur King in the Nichi Asa Kids Time 7:00 timeslot and was succeeded by Battle Spirits: Shounen Gekiha Dan.
The manga started serialization in Shōnen Gahosha's magazine, Young King Ours, on April 30, 2009.
RT activities are also associated with the replication of chromosome ends and some mobile genetic elements.
The manga is authored by two individuals: Mattsu who does the story and his ex-wife Asu Tsubaki who does the artwork.
Gun Frontier is a 1972 manga by Leiji Matsumoto.
One is fashion, which is referenced to Tsubomi joining the fashion club, which is part of the storyline.
Chapters are collected and published in collected volumes by Hakusensha, concluding with nineteen volumes released in Japan.
While in college in 1982, he debuted in the February special issue of Shōnen Sunday with Hissatsu no Tenkōsei.
The manga was collected in two volumes published under the KC Nakayoshi imprint.
's Science Adventure series following Chaos;Head and Steins;Gate and is described as an "Augmented Science Adventure".
A manga for Tokyo Hero Project was published by Enterbrain, and serialized in Enterbrain's Tech Gian magazine.
It tells the story of the main character's life beginning at the age of three.
Dungeon Fighter Online is a multiplayer PC beat 'em up video game developed and published by Neople, previously published by Nexon and originally published by Hangame.
The Girl Who Leapt Through Space, is a Japanese anime television series, created and produced by Sunrise.
It first released for the PC on September 24, 2004.
In 1990 The Japan Times published a bilingual edition featuring an English translation by Frederik Schodt.
Chapters of the series published in 48 tankōbon volumes by Akita Shoten.
Furthermore, two light novels, called K Side:Blue and K Side:Red, were released in October and November 2012.
Tokuma Shoten has published four novels as of October 2013.
Poyopoyo Kansatsu Nikki is a Japanese manga series created by Rū Tatsuki about a spherical cat named Poyo and the family that adopts him.
It was serialized in Japan by Shueisha in Monthly Shōnen Jump from March 2004 to December 2006 and collected in nine bound volumes.
The story follows a group of humans who combat monstrous creatures that spread around by using cell-phone signals.
The first 26 episodes are available on Hulu for US viewers.
The stories are largely romantic in nature with some erotic tones.
is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Kenjirou Takeshita.
It was adapted as an anime television series in 1995.
Getter Robo is a Super Robot manga series created by Ken Ishikawa and Go Nagai, as well as an anime series produced by Toei Animation.
A live action film based on the manga was released in 2012.
A manga adaptation illustrated by Hayato Ōhashi started serialization in the June 2010 issue of Kadokawa Shoten's Monthly Shōnen Ace magazine.
The first book in the series, Manga Messiah was published in 2006 and covered the four gospels of the Bible: Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John.
It is the longest-running U.S. primetime network television game-show.
It depicts the life of a high school girl who can see supernatural beings.
The series draws heavily from Kabbalistic traditions and Judeo-Christian demonology for its plot, and less so on Japanese folklore.
Golden Cain is a yaoi manga by You Asagiri and serialized in Magazine Be-Boy by Biblos.
The serialization of the new Kindaichi series started in 2004, but not on a regular basis until 2012.
Zetman is a manga series by Masakazu Katsura.
From July 2009 to February 2010, Shogakukan published a three-volume Stop!!
An anime adaption was produced by Toei Animation and Dentsu and aired on TV Tokyo.
He later participates other major golf tournaments, including the Masters Tournament.
While the English dub of the show was adapted by ADV, the original The SoulTaker dub was not.
An anime adaptation produced by Studio Barcelona aired between July and September 2008; a second anime season aired between October and December 2009.
An anime television adaptation by Pierrot ran between April 6, 2016 to March 29, 2017.
It originally ran in the monthly manga magazine Wings, with its last chapter serialized in the November 2004 issue.
He also tends to include a lot of explosions, handgun fights, and gritty action scenes.
The first manga of the series was published in 2001 as Dogs: Stray Dogs Howling in the Dark.
A second season of the anime series has been announced for fall 2017.
"My and Her Three X's", is a manga series by Ai Morinaga.
Two manga adaptations were published by ASCII Media Works and Square Enix.
An original video animation episode was released in December 2010, and a second OVA was released in June 2015.
The manga won a Special Award at the 39th Kodansha Manga Awards.
It was serialized in Shogakukan's Petit Comic between 1992 and 1998.
Set in a world inhabited by "jewel people," it follows the character Phosphophyllite as they try to find their place and defend their way of life.
Media Blasters licensed the anime series, including the OVA, and released three DVD volumes between June and October 2007 with English-subtitles.
The manga has since spawned a TV special by Shueisha and later an anime whose 48 episodes ran from 18 October 1990 through 26 September 1991.
The anthropologist John Reed Swanton suggested that the Choctaw derived their name from an early leader.
An OVA was also released in 2006; and five different manga series.
The series was adapted in 1985 into an anime film directed by Rintaro and animated by Madhouse.
Five more manga series; K: The First, Gakuen K, K: Lost small world, K: Dream of Green, and K: Return of Kings, are also still ongoing.
The character designs in the anime are by Takahiro Komori, who is also known for the designs on another anime series, Cowboy Bebop.
Individual episodes from seasons 1-4 are known as "Rides".
It was the last television series of B-Daman until B-Daman Crossfire was announced on June 3, 2011.
It was published by Shueisha from 1995 to 1998 in the magazine Ribon.
Three video games have been produced—two for the PlayStation 2 in July 2005 and July 2006, and one for the PlayStation Portable in 2005.
In 2006, it would get a sequel/remake in Demon Prince Enma, which drops the comedy and becomes a full-fledged suspense-horror series.
ASCII Media Works published 26 novels from November 2002 to November 2012 under their Dengeki Bunko imprint.
Hokuto Gaiden is a series of spin-off works by various authors based on the Hokuto no Ken manga by Buronson and Tetsuo Hara.
The series has spawned four manga adaptations and two light novel series.
Both manga, Ristorante Paradiso and Gente, have been licensed by Viz Media for an English North American release.
The story is extremely violent, with every new scene taking on a different look and feel
The opening theme is called "I Was Born to fall in Love" and the end theme is called "Full Up Mind", both by Masami Okui.
It was adapted into a 26-episode anime television series by Sunrise, which was broadcast on NHK from October 2003 through April 2004.
It was also adapted into four video games, released between 1990 and 1995.
A sequel anime project was announced on the official Twitter account of the series.
About.com's Deb Aoki lists Black Jack as the best "re-issue of previously released material" of 2008.
Sugar Sugar Rune or Sugar² Rune is a manga by Moyoco Anno and an anime television series based upon it.
It has been serialized in Princess from October 6, 2006 through April 2012.
It is based on the Black Rock Shooter franchise created by Huke.
Sennin Buraku was the first late night anime, broadcast shortly before midnight on Fuji TV from September 4, 1963 to February 23, 1964.
Viz Media acquired the license to distribute the series in English in North America.
Nephilim is a shōjo manga by Anna Hanamaki.
An anime film is scheduled to premiere in Q3 2018.
In 2010, it won the Kodansha Manga Award for best general manga.
Kodansha has published fifteen volumes since December 2011.
In Japan, people of all ages read manga.
A TV series was created by Group TAC and it aired on TV Tokyo from July 3, 1997 to September 29, 1998.
Blood+, pronounced "Blood Plus," is an anime series produced by Production I.G and Aniplex and directed by Junichi Fujisaku.
An anime television adaptation by AIC Classic aired from January 11 to March 29, 2013.
Honey and Clover is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Chica Umino.
The name of the series is a pun between "Hiyoko" and "Koi".
They published all the TV episodes in DVD volumes as well as the film.
An anime feature film based on the novels was also released theatrically in Japan on July 18, 1992.
It was serialized in Evening magazine from 2008 to 2010, with its chapters collected into four tankōbon volumes by Kodansha.
To find out, he confesses his feelings to his friend, as he hopes that by dating his friend, he can make him lucky.
In order of introduction they are: Saiki Misaki, Mitsuru and Souichirou.
The manga is licensed for an English-language release in North America by Tokyopop, licensed for a French-language release in France.
Euphonium is a Japanese novel series by Ayano Takeda.
However, whenever a ticket is used to make a wish, Shibaki's life will be shortened.
Complete Edition omnibus collection, which features various revisions to the originally published chapters in addition to newly drawn cover art.
The series has become well known for its artistic direction, challenging gameplay, and music.
It was adapted into an original video animation, included in volume 3 limited edition of the series.
a recompilation of the four original parts of the OVA in a television format, aired on nine stations from April 5 to June 14, 2015.
A PlayStation Portable version was released on December 23, 2010 as Togainu no Chi True Blood Portable.
In 2007, Norie Yamada and Kumichi Yoshizuki began work on a third title in the Someday's Dreamers universe titled Summer Skies.
It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing, which released the manga through its imprint, Juné, on February 11, 2009.
Both the anime and manga features numerous references and homages to Initial D and Best Motoring International, as well as Formula One.
Duel Masters is a franchise based on a manga, anime and a trading card game.
The main theme is protecting Mother Earth from being destroyed by technology and the greed of humans.
A live action film adaptation was released on October 17, 2015.
ARIEL is also known as The ARIEL Project.
MeruPuri was serialized in Japan in LaLa magazine, and was published in English by Viz Media.
Terasawa devised it as a mix of spaghetti western and samurai stories, and aspects of films, varying from James Bond to Disney.
It follows Tatsuya and Miyuki Shiba, siblings who enroll into First High magic high school.
A three volume manga was released during the original TV run, with the story written by Kazunori Itō and art by Yuuko Kitagawa.
The anime is also licensed in Australia and New Zealand by Madman Entertainment, who released both seasons in 2012.
As a result, several dragons play an important role in the manga, most notably Mana and her father, Titan.
Each cat has two appearances; to humans, they appear as normal cats, but to other cats, they appear as catboys and catgirls.
Rockin' Heaven is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Mayu Sakai.
The manga's title is taken from Søren Kierkegaard's book The Sickness Unto Death, which the character of Kazuma utilizes at various points throughout the manga.
Innocent is a Japanese seinen historical suspense manga series written and illustrated by Shinichi Sakamoto.
6, one of the first CG anime series.
Wolf's Rain is an anime series created by writer Keiko Nobumoto and produced by Bones Studio.
Guilty Crown is a 2011 Japanese anime television series produced by Production I.G which aired on Fuji TV's noitamina program block from October 2011.
It follows high school girl Minami Kawashima who manages her school's baseball team using Peter Drucker's Management: Tasks, Responsibilities, Practices to rally her dispirited teammates.
A game based on the series for Android and iOS devices has been released in Japan in February 2015.
The anime has been licensed by Funimation for North America, by Manga Entertainment for the UK, and by Madman Entertainment for Australasia.
It has been adapted into 2 television drama series and a live action film that was released on 7 July 2012.
The story follows Shinya Kogami and Akane Tsunemori among other members of Unit One of the Public Safety Bureau's Criminal Investigation Division.
Maison Ikkoku is a bitter-sweet comedic romance involving a group of madcap people who live in a boarding house in 1980s Tokyo.
The second season aired between October 10, 2013 and December 26, 2013 with the same amount of episodes.
It is published in the monthly magazine Ichiraci.
The Kickstarter campaign was successful meeting the goal and the stretch goal needed to produce the Blu-ray release.
It previewed the series in its manga anthology Shojo Beat and released the series from May 2008 to November 2008.
But with the help of her friends Miko, Taihei and her dog Buku, everything always turns out right.
The three chapters were published irregularly in Weekly Young Sunday between 2005 and 2007, and it is unknown if the series will continue.
Kodansha published the manga's 24 tankōbon volumes to December 1987.
School Idol Project is a Japanese multimedia project co-developed by ASCII Media Works' Dengeki G's Magazine, music label Lantis, and animation studio Sunrise.
Suzuka is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Kouji Seo.
Hiwou War Chronicles is an anime series, produced by Bones.
Apollo's Song is a manga by Osamu Tezuka.
In North America, the manga ran completely in Viz's Shonen Jump from January 2003 to January 2010.
An anime television series adaptation premiered on April 8, 2013.
An anime television series adaptation, produced by Polygon Pictures, aired between April and June 2014 and a second season aired between April and June 2015.
It contains several steampunk elements, and is loosely based on the novel Journey to the West.
The series has been dubbed in many languages.
The manga is licensed in France by Panini Comics.
There are six volumes in the series.
It has been adapted into an anime series by AIC that aired on AT-X in the fall of 2011.
Originally serialized in Magazine GREAT in 2002 it was later moved to Monthly Shonen Magazine in October 2006.
With this manga, Nagai won the Kodansha Manga Award in the Shōnen category.
It has been collected in nine tankōbon volumes.
is a Japanese manga series about gaming written and illustrated by Kazuki Takahashi.
The manga plays with issues of gender and mystery.
Kanna and Roku's story arcs were adapted into a live action film in 2013.
It first appeared in the August 2007 issue as a one-shot and subsequently became a semi-regular feature in Kodansha's Afternoon manga anthology magazine.
It was widely popular among children, parents and adults, gaining a decent fanbase over the years.
Jōkyō Monogatari is a manga written and illustrated by Rieko Saibara.
From Up Above is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Sakuya Kurekoshi.
A fourth anime season, Hidamari Sketch x Honeycomb, aired between October and December 2012.
It is the first Gundam series with a self-contained plot set in an alternate calendar era from the original "Universal Century" timeline.
Nosatsu Junkie is a shōjo manga series by manga artist Ryōko Fukuyama that was serialized in the magazine, Hana to Yume.
WIXOSS is a Japanese multimedia franchise produced as a collaboration between Takara Tomy, J.C.Staff, and Warner Entertainment Japan.
Takanashi-san is a manga series written and illustrated by Motoyuki Ōta.
The Kindaichi series, which started serialization in Weekly Shōnen Magazine in 1992, is one of the earliest works in the mystery manga genre.
The manga was adapted into a two-part original video animation in 1996.
It was serialized in Big Comic Spirits from 1981 to 1986.
In the United States, it was licensed by Dark Horse and serialized in Super Manga Blast!.
On this journey, they encounter many dangers.
He is the main protagonist of the anime
The series was originally serialized in Kodansha's Comic Bom Bom magazine from 1995 to 1998; the publisher later collected the individual chapters into seven tankōbon volumes.
The sequel to Queen's Blade, it features an all-new cast of characters as well as remakes of characters from the original series.
Mecha Mote Iinchō is a Japanese shōjo manga series written and illustrated by Tomoko Nishimura.
It is published by Kodansha since 2014, with serialization on Bessatsu Friend.
Happie continues to live there, eventually dying too.
However, Studio Ghibli had no involvement in the film.
An anime adaptation came next, which aired on various networks from October 1, 2011 to December 17, 2011.
Absolute Duo is a Japanese light novel series by Takumi Hiiragiboshi with illustrations by Yū Asaba.
It began serialization in the July 2011 issue of Media Factory's Comic Flapper magazine.
ComicsOne licensed the series for release in Canada and the United States, but issued only three volumes before it went out of business.
In 2005, the series was adapted into an anime series and a PlayStation 2 video game.
The series spawned six manga adaptations, a light novel, three video games and a feature-length anime film which was released in Japan on April 25, 2009.
It was serialized in Shueisha's Weekly Young Jump from 2006 to 2007.
Production and Gakken and released on August 23, 1988.
Arago – City of London Police's Special Crimes Investigator is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Takahiro Arai.
Revenge, injustice, hatred, and the nature of human emotions are common themes throughout the series.
Not long after Shichimi's arrival, the siblings decide to journey to visit the graves of each of their mothers.
The work won an honorable mention in the Kyoto Animation Award competition in 2011.
An English-language version produced by Bandai Entertainment aired in the United States on Cartoon Network's Toonami block beginning on August 5, 2002.
A 13-episode anime television series adaptation was produced by the studio Arms and broadcast on AT-X from July to October 2004.
In the Japanese anime television ranking, Case Closed episodes ranked in the top six on a weekly basis.
The series was collected in four bound volumes which were released by Square Enix in Japan.
The series derives its title from the name of the two main characters, both of whom are called Nana.
In this TV series, the original story and character designs by Saito were widely changed.
The name of the character, Yōko Misaki was used in both versions.
Boys Over Flowers won the 41st Shogakukan Manga Award for shōjo manga.
It is licensed in German as "Highschool Love" by Egmont Manga and Anime.
Asialand looks like a normal city, but it is always under attack from evil monsters.
The first novel was released on March 10, 2002, and the last novel was published on May 10, 2004.
The manga was licensed for a North American release by Tokyopop, which published it on August 1, 2006.
Several ehon—or "picture books"—have been released since the manga series was first introduced over 20 years ago.
Netflix acquired the exclusive English streaming rights for the anime series while Funimation currently have the home video rights.
Alice on Deadlines is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Shiro Ihara.
On August 17, 2015, another English dub distributed by Luk Internacional began broadcast by Boomerang UK.
The manga is licensed in North America by Seven Seas Entertainment, which released the two volumes on February 2, 2011 and June 7, 2011.
A radio drama was also produced based on the series, and a two-disc compilation of the drama was released on April 30, 2007.
Jumbor Barutronica is a mecha manga series created by Hiroyuki Takei, the author of Shaman King, and written by Mikami Hiromasa.
The series is noted to have a unique storyline, characters and elements revolving around Magic, Witches and Alchemy.
The series follows the exploits of whiny Hotori Arashiyama, her friends, family, neighbors, shopkeepers and colleagues at the local maid cafe.
Kisshō Tennyo is a Japanese shōjo manga written and illustrated by Akimi Yoshida.
New stories are published annually in Shogakukan's Big Comic Original magazine since 1987.
The Japan Cartoonist Association awarded Hina-chan no Nichijo the its 2008 Grand Prize of the Japanese Cartoonist Award along with Naoki Urasawa's 20th Century Boys.
Each character is depicted with a varying hairstyle and flavor of fashion.
The story revolves around two young women who seemingly have little in common and do not know of the other's existence at the beginning.
According to the production staff, it has no relation to the 1970s show and should not be described as a Mazinger Z remake.
A Zoo in Winter was translated into English and released by Fanfare/Ponent Mon on 23 June 2011.
The Original Video Animations were released in North American and United Kingdom by Central Park Media and Manga Entertainment.
The light novels have sold more than two million copies, while the anime series has sold more than 60,000 copies on home video.
The name was changed to Kum-Kum after the sixth episode.
The series is about the story of Kazuki Shikimori, a second year student of the prestigious magic school, Aoi Academy.
In between production, Saber Marionette J made transitions in other media.
He finds out that each of them had different mothers, but were fathered by the same man.
The story was adapted into a 2012 live-action film directed by Mika Ninagawa and starring Erika Sawajiri.
A 13-episode anime adaptation produced by Kyoto Animation aired in Japan between April and June 2009.
The manga series has spawned a franchise that includes multiple spin-off manga and anime series, a trading card game, and numerous video games.
The series aired in Japan on Nippon Television from 13 April 1970 to 5 April 1971, every Monday.
It was adapted into an anime series produced by Sunrise.
is a heavily fanservice-themed manga and anime.
On September 4, 2014, North American anime licensor Discotek Media announced their license of the original Japanese anime, and plans to release the series on DVD.
Seven of Seven is an anime TV series created by Yasuhiro Imagawa and produced by A.C.G.T.
It has been collected in eight tankōbon volumes.
It has been collected in six tankōbon volumes and is also available on Media Factory's ComicWalker web comic service.
The original manga was serialized between 1949 and 1955.
Ikebukuro West Gate Park, usually referred to by its initials IWGP, is a series of urban mystery novels by Ira Ishida.
Heavily merchandised, the Anpanman characters appear on virtually every imaginable children's product in Japan, ranging from clothes to video games to toys to snack foods.
A short film was created by Ufotable for the Jump Super Anime Tour 2009, with another created for the 2010 tour.
The manga was adapted into a 3-episode original video animation, created by J.C.Staff.
It has been adapted into an original video animation in 2010, as well as an anime television series in 2011.
First published in 1992 in the weekly magazine Kindai Mahjong, it is a spin-off of the author's previous work, Ten.
In 2008, the anime became one of over 30 ADV titles transferred to Funimation.
The series has been generally reviewed as being light entertainment.
In addition, a sequel called Kira☆Kira Curtain Call was released by Overdrive for the PC in August 2008.
Here, Greek myths are the human testimony of the epic battles between robots piloted by extraterrestrials.
It was published in French by Delcourt.
In the English book there is an interview between Izumi Evers and Junko Mizuno.
Yen Press began publishing the novels in English translation in 2015.
Two Max Heart movies were released on April 16, 2005 and December 10, 2005 respectively.
A manga based on the PlayStation 2 port, called Suzunone Seven!
The director Gorō Taniguchi commented that the upcoming project would star an alive Lelouch and not as an alternate setting.
A second season titled Ghost in the Shell: S.A.C.
While dozing in class, she has a vision of a young Miko, telling her that she must be the new Miko.
In Singapore, the Chinese translation is published by Chuang Yi.
It has been serialized in Kodansha's seinen manga magazine Weekly Morning since 2004.
It was released in English by Yen Press in October 2008.
The stories included in this book are "The Record of Peter Kürten", "Sensual Nights", "Lord Iechika Mogami", "Lay of the Rhine", and "The Thief Akikazu Inoue".
Baito-kun is a yonkoma manga by Hisaichi Ishii serialized in the Kansai area information magazine Play Guide Journal beginning in 1972.
Monster Hunter Orage is a shōnen manga written and illustrated by Hiro Mashima.
Shishunki Bitter Change is a manga series written and illustrated by Masayoshi.
Indian Summer is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Takehito Mizuki.
It was followed by two sequels, Shin Nijitte Monogatari and Shin Nijitte Monogatari Tsurujirō.
A new manga series started in 2013 which serves as a sequel to the original series.
Originally serialized in Bessatsu Friend from 1999 until 2002, the individual chapters have been collected and published in ten tankōbon volumes by Kodansha.
It was compiled into 10 volumes published between 2008 and 2011.
To discover why she killed her parents, a specialist enters her coma dreams and finds that Jyujo is dreaming about and simultaneously creating the future.
One: True Stories was later licensed for English language distribution by Media Blasters.
After the death of the author on July 20, 2009, the story remains incomplete at twelve chapters.
Orita considers Nanami to be a "stupid bottom" character.
It is one of the national languages of Guinea and spoken mainly in the coastal region of the country.
An English adaptation of the first manga was serialized in Raijin Comics under the English title Guardian Angel Getten.
The Tokyopop editions ended with volume 10.
Masaki Tachibana of Tokyo Magnitude 8.0 directed the OVA project and .hack// writer Tatsuya Hamazaki scripted.
To better fit the magazine's target audience, the "Young Love" version of Wedding Peach features younger-looking characters, less complex storylines, and simpler dialogue.
The anime also became a hit in two separate Spanish dubs, one aired in Spain and the other in Latin America, both titled Chicho Terremoto.
Sensei no Ojikan was serialised in Bamboo Comics from 1997, published by Takeshobō.
The individual chapters were published in six tankōbon volumes by Kadokawa Shoten.
From 2003 to 2005, Super Techno Arts released both OVA series in North America.
Media Factory has released the first tankōbon volume on July 23, 2008.
The story has also been adapted into a manga series written by Tow Ubukata and illustrated by Kiriko Yumeji, which was first published in 2005.
The series tackles a number of issues which were unusual in animated cartoons of that period: in particular, ecological concerns and poverty.
An anime adaptation was broadcast from September to December 2008.
She idolizes her brother-in-law and wants a husband just like him to call her Princess, as he calls her sister.
The School Idol Movie was distributed by Shochiku and released in June 2015.
It was very positively received by critics, who praised its artistic dimension, plot, and music; the English-language version, however was criticized for its dubbing.
It runs weekly in Weekly Shōnen Jump beginning from the May 2009 issue.
Gundam Build Fighters is followed by the 2014 sequel Gundam Build Fighters Try.
Fake Fur is a manga by Satomi Yamagata.
Kanon is a Japanese music manga written and illustrated by Chiho Saito.
S is a light novel series with homoerotic themes written by Saki Aida with art by Chiharu Nara.
In October 2006 news of a Kiddy Grade sequel was announced, under the working title of Kiddy Grade 2, to be animated by asread.
A third original anime DVD was released in January 2011.
The manga was published by Kodansha in 2013, while the anime aired in 2016.
In July 2008, the series became one of over 30 ADV titles to be transferred to Funimation.
Ζeta Mazinger is a retelling of the Mazinger Z story by Go Nagai, mixing it with ancient Greek mythology.
Upon arriving there, however, he becomes embroiled in a web of murder, cover-ups, and prophecy that all leads back to Billy Bat.
It received the 1987 Shogakukan Manga Award for best shōnen series.
!, is a shōnen manga series written and illustrated by Makoto Raiku.
Kotobuki Ran aired in Japan on TV Tokyo between April 1, 2001 and March 31, 2002, running a length of 52 episodes.
Alpen Rose is a shōjo manga series created by Michiyo Akaishi.
The Famicom Mōryō Senki MADARA was a Konami 1990 release that has never been officially localized.
Its name is a pun on the Japanese word for tennis, teikyū.
Key released a fan disc expanding on the game's story titled Rewrite Harvest festa!
Assassination Classroom is a Japanese comic science fiction manga series written and illustrated by Yūsei Matsui.
A manga adaptation by Takako Aonuma titled Persia ga Suki!
A second season has been announced for 2015.
There are five certain objects needed in order to destroy the aliens' operation.
The series' eleven volumes were released between June 19, 2010, and August 20, 2013.
Maeda narrowed down the number of main characters compared to Angel Beats!
The anime television series was praised for transcending its target audience of young children and being enjoyable to older viewers.
The series is licensed and published in English in North America by Digital Manga Publishing under its June imprint.
A-1 Pictures adapted the manga series into two original animation DVDs and an anime film which was released on May 10, 2013.
Medarot 2, 3, and 4 have, however, been translated into English for distribution in Singapore by Chuang Yi.
The manga was serialized in Square Enix's seinen magazine Young Gangan between December 2004 and August 2015.
A 12-episode anime series was produced by Barnum Studio and TYO Animations and released in 2011 and 2012.
Publications for manga, anime and other media have compared the series to Star Wars and Barbarella, and the main character's attitude to James Bond.
It was also adapted into a movie, starring Kaho and Nao Matsushita.
Global Garden is a manga by Saki Hiwatari, who is best known as the creator of Please Save My Earth.
Two more special episodes were aired on October 18, 2007.
Psyren follows Ageha Yoshina, a high school student who is chosen by Nemesis Q as a participant in the Psyren games.
The anime series has been licensed and released by FUNimation Entertainment.
It was directed by Tensai Okamura and featured character designs by Toshihiro Kawamoto with a soundtrack produced and arranged by Yoko Kanno.
It was noted to be adapted into a Japanese television drama series in January 2013.
The first volume of the series was published on July 10, 2000 by ASCII Media Works under their Dengeki Bunko publishing imprint.
A two episode long sequel OVA series was created, Nurse Witch Komugi-chan Magicarte Z.
On October 25, 2003, Watase began releasing a prequel to the manga series, Fushigi Yûgi Genbu Kaiden, and ended in May 2013.
An English-language version produced by Bandai Entertainment aired in the United States on Cartoon Network's Toonami block beginning on August 5, 2002.
Ryūrōden, translated as Legend of the Dragon's Son, is a historical fantasy manga by Yoshito Yamahara.
It was also dubbed in English and broadcast by the anime television network Animax across its respective networks worldwide.
It was relaunched on 22 May 2014 and ran until 4 June 2015.
Two original video animation episodes were produced including a retelling of the series, Operation Meteor, and a direct sequel, Endless Waltz.
IC in a Sunflower was positively received by English-language critics and readers.
The English La Verite anime is licensed by Sentai Filmworks in North America.
Several pachinko systems have been released which feature Furiten-kun as the theme.
Later the same year, ADV acquired the English language rights to the manga, which is released under the ADV Manga division.
A short original video animation episode was released on July 24, 2015.
Hetalia is a portmanteau combining hetare and "Italia"
Lone Wolf and Cub chronicles the story of Ogami Ittō, the Shogun's executioner who uses a dōtanuki battle sword.
A Centaur's Life, known in Japan as Centaur's Worries, is a Japanese slice of life comedy manga series by Kei Murayama.
A live-action film directed by Daigo Matsui was released by Showgate in Japan on October 12, 2013.
and both were re-released and remastered on DVD and Blu-ray in 2010.
It has been compiled into 5 volumes as of May 2016.
It was adapted into a 1989 live action film directed by Masayuki Suo.
Shinji Takeda, born December 18, 1972, is a Japanese actor, talent and saxophone player.
Mirko is sometimes used as a short, hypocoristic form of Miroslav in some Slavic languages.
Gundam SEED was adapted into various manga adaptations and light novels published by Kodansha and Kadokawa Shoten.
It was written by Jepsen, Jacob Kasher Hindlin, and Peter Svensson, and produced by Svensson.
Sweet Blue Flowers is a Japanese yuri manga series written and illustrated by Takako Shimura.
She was working on the 130th volume of Guin Saga up until May 23, 2009, after which point she became too ill to write.
The series is licensed in North America by CMX, which released the manga's 7 tankōbon volumes between April 1, 2006 and October 10, 2007.
It was serialized in the manga magazine Eyes Comics, published by Homesha, and the chapters were collected into two tankōbon.
The Crater is a manga by Osamu Tezuka that began serialization in 1969.
Despite being abandoned by his father, Gon departs upon a journey to follow in his footsteps, pass the rigorous Hunter Examination, and eventually find his father.
Ibitsu is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Kazuto Okada.
Two OVA episodes animated by AIC and Xebec were released from 2012 to 2013.
Teppu is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Moare Oota.
Four visual novels were also released for the PlayStation 2, and for Windows 98.
They will be publishing the series in 12 omnibus editions; the first two are scheduled for November 2009 and March 2010, respectively.
The manga and anime have been featured at various times in weekly top ten lists of best-selling in their respective media.
This anime series inspired the real-life pro-wrestler, Jushin Thunder Liger.
Makai Senki Disgaea is also the title of several distinct manga and light novel series based on the Disgaea game series.
It has been adapted into a 25-episode anime series by Madhouse and premiered on NTV on October 1, 2002.
Its popularity has boosted the profile of competitive karuta in Japan.
A 12-episode anime television series adaptation produced by David Production aired in Japan between October and December 2011.
The "CNN" in the title stands for "Comical News Network".
manga series was preceded by Third Year Funny-face Club, and followed by Flash!
The manga loosely follows the TV series, having the same story arcs, but focusing less on the inter-gang tensions.
A second OVA episode was released in June, 2008.
It was licensed for North American release by Viz Media.
It was published in French by Delcourt.
Legend of Chun Hyang is a manga by Clamp.
High School DxD began serialization in Fujimi Shobo's Dragon Magazine in its September 2008 issue.
Comic anthologies and art books were also published, as were audio dramas and several albums of music.
In North America, the manga was released by Broccoli Books USA.
It is available in the United States courtesy of Media Blasters.
The game is described by the development team as a "Heart-pounding exciting student council love comedy".
Emma is a historical romance manga by Kaoru Mori.
Plus he has co-authored clever scripts with surprisingly intricate plotlines.
Volume six was supposed to have been released in February 2008, but was delayed indefinitely in order to focus on ADV's core business of anime.
An anime adaptation produced by Zexcs aired on January 11, 2009 to June 20, 2009 and is licensed in North America by Funimation Entertainment.
It aired once again on the network's Toonami block from October 26, 2013 to January 25, 2014.
The series ended in the April 2013 issue of Comic Spica.
All 16 volumes have been published by Media Factory under their MF Bunko J label.
Yokoyama made the setting "Giant Robo follows only a hero" for differentiation with his Tetsujin 28 which everyone can control.
Handsome na Kanojo is a 9-volume manga created by Wataru Yoshizumi.
A new 3DCG anime television adaptation began airing on October 2, 2016.
A second PC version, titled To Heart PSE was released containing the PlayStation version as well as bonus games.
Ai Yori Aoshi anime was directed by Masami Shimoda and animated by J.C.Staff.
The series is based on the manga Shoot!
However, this series is not in the same continuity as the Pretty Sammy anime titles.
Kotencotenco is a Japanese manga and anime series for young children by Atsuko Ueno.
The series has made use of butterflies as the main theme, whilst GoGo!
The manga's story is about Makoto Saeki, the daughter of a shrine priest who can see the shrine's messenger, Gintaro.
An anime adaptation by Pierrot+ aired in Japan between July and September 2014.
magazine before being serialized in Weekly Shōnen Jump.
In the back of each book, Dark Horse has provided a glossary to help define the many Japanese terms used to keep the stories authentic.
The series has been adapted into animation twice, once as a pair of films and again as a 26 episode television series.
Even a Monkey Can Draw Manga is a parody instructional book by Koji Aihara and Kentaro Takekuma.
Originally published as a one-shot in 2010, it started serialization in the November 2010 issue of Media Factory's Comic Flapper magazine.
While Hikari does not see this, she will find herself in a very difficult situation when she discovers that she also has feelings for him.
It is licensed in French by Akata, which is releasing the manga as Sweet Relax.
The manga has been translated into English and released in North America by Viz Media since April 2005.
In other words, it can be said either Vulgar Ghost or Vulgar Companion, for Misaki Saiki is indeed a vulgar companion in contending with vulgar apparitions.
The director Gorō Taniguchi commented that the upcoming project would star an alive Lelouch and not as an alternate setting.
ADV Manga published two volumes in the United States in English between 2004 and 2005.
The shōjo magazine Margaret serialized the story in Japan during the seventies.
If Her Flag Breaks, also known as Gaworare, is a Japanese light novel series written by Tōka Takei, with illustrations by Cuteg.
Discotek Media has licensed the anime for home video release in North America.
Both seasons of the anime series have been licensed by Sentai Filmworks.
Moon was the starting point for Key's origins, and was the first time the principal Key team was formed.
Other Naruto-related merchandise includes light novels, video games, and trading cards developed by several companies.
Mixing horror, fantasy and comedy, it follows Norizaku and Midori as they find a demonic computer that sends them to Hell and destroy their world.
It is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing, which released the manga through its imprint, Juné, on 1 August 2007.
Following the same concept, a oneshot manga by Nagai was released in 1992.
is a Japanese shōjo manga series by Ema Tōyama.
It was serialized in Play Comic from 1977 to 1979, with the chapters collected into five tankōbon volumes by Akita Shoten.
The theme song, "Rain", was originally written and performed by Senri Oe in 1988, but was remade for the film and was sung by Motohiro Hata.
Discotek Media has since re-licensed the OVAs for a DVD release in 2014.
A sequel to the original visual novel, titled White Album 2, was released in two parts in 2010 and 2011.
Sega also developed a Nintendo DS game using a parallel story.
The first volume was released on July 13, 1989 and last on July 11, 1997.
It's published by Shueisha, with serialization on Weekly Young Jump magazine and with nine volumes compiling the chapters released so far.
It is published in English by CMX Manga.
It was adapted into an OVA of the same name and a sequel called Angel: the women whom delivery host Kosuke Atami healed.
The Choctaw in Oklahoma no longer considered them part of the tribe.
The manga was adapted into a 22-episode anime television series produced by Toei Animation which aired from 1998 throughout 1999.
Response to the design of the Viz edition has also been positive.
An anime television series adaptation of the main series premiered in Japan in July 2014.
Three light novels based on Orange Pocket were released between October 2003 and April 2004 written by Jōji Kamio.
In 2009, it was adapted into an anime television series by Madhouse.
It began serialization by Hakusensha in the shōjo manga magazine LaLa DX in 2005, before switching to LaLa in 2008.
Three direct-to-video sequels were produced: Gaiden, Kikoutei Densetsu and Message.
It started serialization in the ninth volume and was concluded in Volume 25 of Akita Shoten's shōnen manga magazine Champion Red.
Re:Zero − Starting Life in Another World is a Japanese light novel series written by Tappei Nagatsuki and illustrated by Shinichirou Otsuka.
The series later began airing in Canada on YTV on September 7, 2013, subsequently premiering on YTV's sister channel, Nickelodeon on October 18, 2013.
A second season of the anime series is scheduled to air in January 2018.
The original game was officially discontinued April 21, 2011.
The series aired on TV Asahi between February 2007 and January 2008 and was followed by a sequel season, Yes!
It was created for the Gundam Big Bang 20th Anniversary celebration and is the eighth installment in the Gundam franchise.
Laugh Under the Sun is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Yugi Yamada.
Following the conclusion of Matsuena's previous work, Kenichi: The Mightiest Disciple, three one-shot chapters were released, introducing the main characters before the serialization properly began.
The series includes eight novels released between January 2009 and April 2011, published by ASCII Media Works under their Dengeki Bunko imprint.
Kodansha Comics USA published the manga series in English, and Sentai Filmworks released anime films on DVD and Blu-ray Disc.
An anime television series adaptation began airing in October 2015.
Following the game's release, Kanon made several transitions into other media.
It's also known for its over-the-top gore and violence.
The licensing was announced in May 2008 and the full series was released on March 31, 2009 on Blu-ray and DVD.
Having both a very tough body and determination, and his keen insight, Yugo often goes to great length to rescue those he was asked to.
An anime film trilogy is being produced based on the prequel novel Kizumonogatari, with the first film, Kizumonogatari Part 1: Tekketsu, released on January 8, 2016.
In January 2014, it was announced it would be adapted into a Japanese television drama series starrting Joe Odagiri.
Cirque du Freak follows the story of Darren Shan, a young boy turned into a half-vampire.
It received a manga adaptation illustrated by artist Yukiwo, who co-created an original story for the adaptation.
The male protagonist, named Haruki Sugimoto, is forced by urges to change genders at night.
The manga was adapted into an anime and broadcast on NHK BS-2 from December 21–25, 2009.
An anime television series adaptation, titled Hyperdimension Neptunia: The Animation, aired in Japan between July and September 2013.
A second three episode OVA series was released in 2014 by Production Reed.
Phantom Quest Corp. has been compared to the concurrent manga and anime Ghost Sweeper Mikami.
An OVA has also been announced for the spinoff manga, Nozo x Kimi.
First Love Limited, also known as Hatsukoi Limited, is a Japanese shōnen romantic comedy manga by Mizuki Kawashita.
The manga was also published in the U.S. by CMX.
Nihon Kokuyū Tetsudō Kōantai is a Japanese light novel series written by Takumi Toyoda with illustrations by Vania 600.
The game launched as a part of a cross-media franchise including manga adaptations in Shueisha magazines and an anime television adaptation by Pierrot.
It is the first Gundam series with a self-contained plot set in an alternate calendar era from the original "Universal Century" timeline.
The first is about Capeta's first experiences with kart racing at the age of 10.
It was also published in North America as part of the CMX label of DC Comics.
He was promoted to the president of Hatsushiba Electric, and the title changed to "Shachō" Shima Kōsaku, which means "President Kōsaku Shima".
The second film, Tiger & Bunny: The Rising, was released on February 8, 2014.
However, knowing what was to come, she spots a blind swordsman in the crowd and immediately recognizes him as her only way out.
The 25-episode season was officially announced by Sunrise during a 15-second trailer on June 2, 2007.
The anime aired on Japanese TV from April 15, 1984 to September 30, 1984 in the network Nippon Television with 23 episodes.
Walkin' Butterfly is a shōjo manga by Chihiro Tamaki.
Deep Love has also had two live-action series air on TV Tokyo: Ayu no Monogatari and Host.
A total of 379 chapters were serialized, spanning 42 volumes.
The manga started serialization in Monthly Shōnen Magazine in 2005 and was later collected into tankōbon volumes published by Kodansha.
The story is set in Victorian era.
An animated film was released in Japanese theaters on March 30, 2013.
Myriad Colors Phantom World is a Japanese fantasy novel series written by Sōichirō Hatano and illustrated by Shirabi.
The series has been licensed in North America by Viz Media and was released on October 2, 2007.
My Wife is the Student Council President is a Japanese manga series by Yumi Nakata.
It was serialized in Houbunsha's Manga Time Kirara Forward between the July 2007 and February 2008 issues; a single tankōbon volume was published in February 2008.
A live-action film adaptation was released in Japan in November 2010.
The story was developed by Hiroki Azuma and the screenplay was written by Mari Okada, with original character design by Hidari.
The manga is published in English by Viz Media and Madman Entertainment, and in French by Delcourt.
DrMaster Publications Inc. licensed the manga series for English-language publication in North America and released the five volumes between June 2006 and November 2007.
Space Pirate Captain Harlock was adapted into an anime television series in 1978 directed by Rintaro and produced by Toei Animation.
While the series fared modestly well in Japan, in the United States it found greater success and popularized the Gundam franchise in the West.
The manga was published in North America by Go!
Hana-Kimi or known originally as Hanazakari no Kimitachi e in Japan, is a shōjo manga series written by Hisaya Nakajo.
It was released in English by Blu Manga, the boys love publishing division of Tokyopop, in July 2008.
The series was officially unveiled by Bandai on June 13, 2011, during a special event at the 2011 Tokyo Toy Show.
The song's accompanying music video featured Tom Hanks and Justin Bieber, and was released 5 March 2015.
Inakappe Taishō is manga series by Noboru Kawasaki and serialized by Shogakukan in Shogakukan no Gakushū Zasshi.
It was serialized in Weekly Shōnen Jump from May 1, 2006 until May 19, 2008, with a total of ninety-nine chapters, published by Shueisha.
The manga is published by Shogakukan in Japan, with the English version licensed by Shogakukan Asia in Southeast Asia and Viz Media in North America.
Iron-Blooded Orphans deals with several real-life problems such as war, slavery, child soldiers, poverty, corruption and neo-colonialism.
The anime has been airing since January 2010.
The initial broadcast lasted for thirteen episodes and ended on July 5, 2004.
It was adapted into an original video animation series.
The production of Madlax began in 2002 but it wasn't until Yōsuke Kuroda joined the project that the series took its final form.
The series has spawned four manga adaptations and two light novel series.
The series is a parody of magical princess anime, and often uses the juxtaposition of cute characters with brutal violence for humor.
An anime television adaptation by Sunrise began airing on TV Tokyo from October 8, 2012.
A bonus feature on the DVD of Disgaea 2: Cursed Memories was a trailer of what the Disgaea anime would look like.
To celebrate Gainax's 20th anniversary in 2004, an official sequel to Gunbuster, Diebuster, was released as an OVA.
It was followed by a photo-book published by Shodensha on January 28, 2006.
Princess Ninja Scroll Tenka Musō is a 2-volumes shōnen manga by Akane Sasaki.
Several drama CDs also based on this light novel have been released.
The series revolves around Momo, a shinigami, and her familiar Daniel, a talking black cat, as they interfere with the world of the living.
A fourth series titled Tantei Kageki Milky Holmes TD aired between January and March 2015.
It has been serialized in Monthly Shōnen Champion since October 2006 with last volume released on March 8, 2011.
It has been published in French by Ankama.
The individual chapters were collected into three bound volumes,which were published by Enterbrain between March 1, 2007 and May 1, 2008.
Vinland Saga is a Japanese historical manga series written and drawn by award-winning manga author Makoto Yukimura.
The series has received mixed reviews from a variety of anime and manga critics.
is a shōjo romantic comedy manga by Yumiko Suzuki.
It has been serialized by Shogakukan in Big Comic Original since 2003, and collected in eighteen bound volumes.
The individual chapters were collected and published in tankōbon volumes by Kodansha.
The series focuses on funny and absurd situations happening to the various characters of the Type-Moon franchises, mostly from Fate/stay night and Tsukihime.
It was followed by an anime adaptation produced by Seven Arcs, which began broadcast in Japan on January 3, 2009.
It is a yuri school life manga.
It ran for 49 episodes; beginning on April 7, 1995 and ending on March 29, 1996.
No Game No Life is a light novel series by Yū Kamiya.
Hikari no Densetsu is primarily a love story that it is set in the late 80s junior high school atmosphere.
