Kazuo Misaki is a retired Japanese professional mixed martial artist.
Guilherme along with his brother Rafael Mendes are 2nd degree black belts under Ramon Lemos and competitors for the Atos Jiu-Jitsu team.
Gülşah Kıyak is a Turkish female wushu practitioner competing in the Sanshou 60 kg division.
On August 23, he fell into a coma and his illness was made public.
He was the first teacher of Sakukawa "Tode" Kanga who was to become known as the "father of Okinawan karate.
Jacques Payet is a practitioner of Yoshinkan-style aikido.
However, they participated in different types of wrestling in Japan.
The heated controversy surrounding Jeong Yim is in regards with his involvement with the development of Choy Li Fut.
Dang Fong 鄧芳, was a disciple of the Chinese Kung Fu folk hero Wong Fei Hung.
A professional MMA competitor since 2008, Oliveira mainly fought in small Brazilian promotions until his move to the UFC in 2010.
A professional competitor since 2007, O'Connell has formerly competed for the Maximum Fighting Championship.
Kasik rose to fame as the winner of the Muay Thai-themed Fight Girls reality show on the Oxygen television network in 2007.
Joko Ninomiya was a very successful tournament fighter and would later go on to establish Enshin Karate in 1988.
He is the president of the MMA promotion World Series of Fighting.
Ömer Kemaloğlu is a European champion Turkish karateka competing in the kumite -65 kg division.
He is the host of "Monson TV" on RT.
Fighting professionally since 2005, he was the winner of Spike TV's The Ultimate Fighter: Team Bisping vs.
In 2011, Hughes became host of Outdoor Channel's Trophy Hunters TV.
David Michaud is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Lightweight division of the Legacy Fighting Alliance.
Chambers is actively involved with City of Hope National Medical Center, a Cancer Research institute which he was recently appointed to the Board of Directors.
Peter Smit in his prime was one of the best Dutch fighters, who never got enough fights to show his full potential.
She has a 6th Dan black belt in karate and is the winner of multiple European Karate Championships.
He was an alumnus of Waseda University.
Oleydong "The Deadly Candy" Sithsamerchai, Trang Province) is a professional boxer from Thailand.
Raul Castillo is an American mixed martial artist from Half Moon Bay, California .
He was signed for Glory 29: Copenhagen in February 2016.
Anthony Ruiz is an American professional mixed martial artist.
Tripp was promoted to 10th degree in Sambo in 1995 and became America's first Merited and Distinguished Master of Sport in 1996.
Curt Warburton is an English mixed martial artist from Coundon, County Durham.
Robert Ardito is an Australian practitioner and teacher of Wing Chun kung fu and founder of the 'Shiu Lung Wing Chun Kung Fu Academy'.
In 1966 he graduated from Ryukoku University in Kyoto and entered the Instructor School of the Japan Karate Association, graduating in 1968.
Gerges has competed in the K-1, It's Showtime and SUPERKOMBAT promotions and is currently signed to GLORY.
Machado was also briefly a member of the IFL New York Pitbulls.
Fu Zhongwen was a respected t'ai chi ch'uan teacher and author from China.
He is the FIKB World Chauss'Fight Champion.
Club Andino Bariloche is a mountaineering organisation based in San Carlos de Bariloche, in the Argentinian Andes.
Cliff Lyons holds the record for most first-grade games for Manly-Warringah with 309; Steve Menzies played 349 games, but 69 were for the Northern Eagles.
He won the title on December 12, 2015 by defeating prior champion, the undefeated Chris Weidman via 4th round TKO.
Jitsumi Gōgen Yamaguchi, also known as Gōgen Yamaguchi, was a Japanese martial artist and student of Gōjū-ryū Karate under Chōjun Miyagi.
A professional since 2012, he has also competed for Legacy FC.
In 1997, he was admitted to the national team.
Bang is currently under investigation for accepting bribes and fight fixing.
He started training in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu at the age of 10 in Teresópolis, Brazil.
He is currently a chief adviser of International Sohgoh Budo Federation and he was certified as black belt of the 5th dan in karate by ISBF.
Ronny Marki Sales da Silva is a Brazilian mixed martial artist currently competing in the Light Heavyweight division.
He was a considered to be a newaza expert, although also is famed by his tachiwaza as well.
Miriam Herbie Nakamoto is an American professional female Muay Thai fighter and mixed martial artist fighting at Bantamweight.
He is known for his in-fighter style which puts massive pressure on his opponents, his flashing kicks and above all, his endurance and ambition.
He was the former MFC Light Heavyweight Champion.
Months later, Ueshiba gave Hikitsuchi a scroll entitled “Bojutsu Masakatsu Agatsu” - True Victory is Self-Victory.
He is currently the ONE FC Heavyweight Champion.
She won Jewels' tournament Rough Stone Grand Prix 2009 at the -60 kg category.
In 1988 he was named "Mr Nigeria" and represented the country at the 11 Mr & Miss University Pageant in Tokyo, Japan.
Samuel-Leport was the Conservative Prospective Parliamentary Candidate for Walthamstow in the 2015 general election.
A professional competitor since 2004, Barroso also held an undefeated four-fight stint with worldwide MMA promotion, Shooto.
A professional competitor since 2008, Baesman has also formerly competed for Bellator MMA.
In 2012 he was ranked the #8 light heavyweight in the world by LiverKick.com.
He has fought for organizations such as Fighting Network RINGS, DEEP, Pancrase, Hero's and Pride FC.
Björn Heinrich Walter Bregy is a Swiss super heavyweight kickboxer, European Yoseikan Budo Champion and K-1 Europe 2006 in Amsterdam tournament Champion.
Igor Jurković is a Croatian heavyweight kickboxer fighting out of Poreč, Croatia.
was an English entrepreneur specialising in both self defence training and physical therapy.
Leticia Ribeiro N. Dos Santos is a 4th degree Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt and multiple time world champion in the sport.
He is also a former K-1 and Local Kombat fighter and the last It's Showtime World Heavyweight champion.
Also known as Bahadir Sari and Theodore Sariyev, ISKA oriental kickboxing rules heavyweight world champion in 2010.
Howard is more widely known for competing in the Ultimate Fighting Championship where he made it to the final of the Ultimate Fighting Championship's third tournament.
A former kickboxer, she was going to have her MMA debut as part of the Ultimate Fighter, but withdrew from the show due to injury.
He is the older brother of fellow MMA fighter Jim Miller.
McCarthy competed at Invicta 2 and 4 with a win and a loss.
and one of the top 10 pound for pound female fighters in the world.
Chen Wangting was a Ming Dynasty general who founded Chen-style t'ai chi ch'uan, one of the five major styles of the popular Chinese martial art.
He was also a 12th degree black belt.
Mok moved to Hong Kong in the 1930s, continuing to school students in Wong's martial arts.
This dojo has grown into the largest aikido dojo in the Rocky Mountain region and is well known for its international uchi-deshi program.
He spent the entirety of his professional football career with the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League, having started with the team in 2006.
Tania Weekes she is a British karateka.
He is also Isuzu Cup 22 Champion.
Michael Pierce is an American mixed martial artist.
She competes professionally since 2005 and is the current ISKA Welterweight champion and mixed martial artist.
He currently trains at The Pit alongside UFC veterans, Chuck Liddell and Glover Teixeira.
Because of constitutionally mandated term limits, Putin was ineligible to run for a third consecutive presidential term in 2008.
He was also known as Count Combat or Conde Koma in Spanish and Portuguese, a nickname he picked up in Spain in 1908.
Firpo predicted that Cestac would be world heavyweight champion within three years.
Hao Zhihua runs a Wushu and t'ai chi school in Oakland, California.
Justin Torrey is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the Middleweight division of the World Series of Fighting.
Carmouche currently competes for UFC in the women's bantamweight division.
Stoica is known to wear shorts with extra slits on his shorts for better movement.
Piedmont currently competes in the featherweight division.
He was a prominent member of the Gracie family known for their founding of Brazilian jiu-jitsu and considered by some the family's best ever fighter.
Ranini Cundasawmy is a Mauritian Muay Thai, Savate fighter, and the winner of several national championships.
Robert J. Howard is an Irish master of taekwondo.
Paul Jones is a former American mixed martial artist.
Ambriz then fought at the first Super Fight League event, SFL 1, and he fought against Indian fighter Satish Jha.
A professional competitor since 2010, he has formerly competed for the UFC and was a contestant on The Ultimate Fighter: Brazil 2.
Jiang Yukun studied Da Jia in Yang-style t'ai chi system from a martial arts approach.
Dekkers was a favourite with fight fans due to his fast-paced, aggressive fighting style.
He taught Bōjutsu privately at his home in the village of Tobaru, in Shuri, Okinawa.
Darrion Caldwell is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the bantamweight division of Bellator MMA.
Rick Rootlieb is a Dutch mixed martial artist.
Johnny Morris Davis is an American former kickboxer who competed in the welterweight and middleweight divisions.
Kaoru "Caol" Uno is a Japanese mixed martial artist.
Saulo Ribeiro, brother of the equally famed Xande Ribeiro, is a 5th-degree black belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.
As of July 19, 2016, he is #9 in official UFC Flyweight rankings.
A professional competitor since 2002, Alfonso has formerly competed for the WEC, the PRIDE Fighting Championships, Tachi Palace Fights, and the Palace Fighting Championship.
He is currently under contract with Rizin Fighting Federation.
As of December 8, 2016, she is #2 in official UFC women's bantamweight rankings.
David Alan Heath is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the Middleweight division.
He also won the 2015 and 2017 Best of the Super Juniors tournaments and the 2016 Super J-Cup tournament.
Various lines of Baguazhang claiming lineage to Ma Gui are still actively taught in China as well as in Japan, North America, and Europe.
Christopher Ross Wilson is an American professional mixed martial arts fighter currently competing in the Lightweight division.
He did, however, captain the institution's judo team to the National Collegiate Championship in 1958, his second year there.
While by all accounts a prolific martial artist and teacher, there is little surviving documentation of Yoshida's life that has been translated into English.
Takeshi Miyanaga is a Japanese mixed martial artist.
Ayşegül Behlivan is a Turkish female Muay Thai and wushu practitioner.
He learned and Xiao Jia Small Frame Yang Style from Gong Rongtian, who was a disciple of Yang Ban-Shou.
Dick Vrij is a Dutch former professional mixed martial artist.
Shiro Saigo was one of the earliest disciples of Judo.
He began training in 1992 after trialing a class with friends.
In 1976, he was listed at 5' 10½" in height and 183 lb.
A professional competitor since 2004, Griffin has also formerly competed for the UFC, Strikeforce, the RFA, and the World Series of Fighting.
He has fought as both a Light Heavyweight and a Middleweight.
He was the bantamweight winner of The Ultimate Fighter: Latin America.
James "Jimmy" A. Pedro is a retired American judo competitor who won multiple World Championships and multiple bronze medals in the Olympics and World Championships.
Lim Hyun-Gyu, often anglicized to Hyun Gyu Lim, is a South Korean mixed martial artist, currently signed to fight in the UFC's Welterweight division.
Christopher William Cope is a former American mixed martial artist who competed in the welterweight division.
Christian M'Pumbu is a French-Congolese professional mixed martial artist.
In 2014 he was appointed by the Honourable Minister of Sports in Nigeria as a member of the National High Performance Task Team.
Grabowski is a multiple Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu champion of Poland, vice champion of the world and Europe champion.
Tsunetane Oda was a judoka who was influential in the development of Kosen judo.
One of Aizik's advertisements has been disallowed by the UK's Advertising Standards Authority due to being unable to provide proof of some of his claims.
A professional MMA competitor since 2011, Sterling made a name for himself competing in Cage Fury Fighting Championships, where he won and defended the Bantamweight title.
Andrew Clarke in Adelaide, South Australia, Australia, is an Australian actor most known for his television work.
She is former WBC world Heavyweight champion.
A professional MMA competitor since 2000, Reinhardt fought in regional promotions before signing with Zuffa in 2007.
A professional competitor since 2001, McFedries has formerly competed for the UFC, Titan FC, and Shooto.
Kingstar, is a Thai Muay Thai fighter.
Joe Taimanglo is an American professional mixed martial artist from Guam who competes in Bellator's Bantamweight division.
Rener is also known as the husband of actress, model and former pro-wrestler Eve Torres.
Loiseau wrote and acted in a short film called Keelos, featuring hip-hop artist Imposs and Stand-up comedian Eddy King.
Simon Carlsen is a Danish mixed martial artist, fighting out of Odense, Denmark.
Lopez has three older brothers, Steven and Mark who are also Olympians and Jean Lopez who coaches Lopez and her other two brothers.
In September 1961, he first entered a karate club.
A professional competitor since 2007, he has also competed for the UFC, Strikeforce, and King of the Cage.
Called "one of the best strikers in the women's division" by FoxSports.com, Eye is known for her quick boxing, agility, and defense.
Kanei was instrumental in the growth of Uechi after his father's death.
He formerly fought in the Ultimate Fighting Championship in their welterweight division and currently trains out of San Francisco, California with the Cesar Gracie Fight Team.
His body was returned to his home in Rushville where he was buried.
Francimar Barroso is a Brazilian mixed martial artist fighting in the Light Heavyweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
His entrance music is Spente Le Stelle.
He is a former WEC Welterweight Champion, a UFC veteran, and a contestant on The Ultimate Fighter 4 reality show.
He appeared in the documentary, the Warrior Within., along with Chuck Norris.
Stéphane Nomis is a professional French judoka and a serial entrepreneur.
Glenn R. Keeney is an American martial artist.
Tomonari Kanomata is a Japanese mixed martial artist.
Valentijn Overeem is a Dutch professional mixed martial artist and kickboxer currently signed with United Glory.
Karen Darabedyan is an Armenian professional mixed martial artist.
As of June 16, 2017, he is the #11 contender in official UFC Middleweight rankings.
The NZKWF is New Zealand's representative for Chinese Martial Arts to the International Wushu Federation.
Bovy Sor Udomson is a Thai Muay Thai kickboxer.
Jessica Eye is an American professional mixed martial artist.
Kyoichi Inoue is a 10th dan Yoshinkan aikido master.
He turned to kickboxing after giving up a career as a boxer.
He had his last ever fight in 2010.
Daiki Hata is a Japanese professional mixed martial artist and the former DEEP Bantamweight Champion.
Holding an undefeated record with five wins, she is the current Strawweight Queen of Pancrase, becoming the inaugural champion in May 2017.
He was the most senior Caucasian student of Gōjū-ryū Gogen Yamaguchi, and is a world Vice President of the International Karate do Goju Kai Association
By the time of his death in December 1992, he had established 40 schools and taught 10,000 people throughout South East Asia.
Miller was the host of MTV's reality series Bully Beatdown.
He was born in 1882 during the Qing dynasty.
Kyoda went on to create his style, To'on Ryu, and Miyagi assumed the mantle of Higaonna's legacy.
Carmouche is the first openly lesbian fighter in the UFC and was praised by company president Dana White for coming out.
Vulc spent two years there training and fighting.
UFC fighter and teammate Jon Jones has called her the greatest female athlete in the history of combat sports.
The aikido appendix to the book is thought to be the earliest English language text on aikido.
His father Ikuei Yamamoto representing Japan at the 1972 Olympic games in Munich and his sisters Miyu and Seiko both won world championships in freestyle wrestling.
is K-1 WGP Light Heavyweight Champion 2017 a SwissCroatian heavyweight karateka and kickboxer.
He is part of the famous American martial arts gym Team Quest in Murrieta, California.
Shinkichi Tatsuo Shimabukuro was the founder of Isshin-ryū style of karate.
He is also widely known in Japan as どすこい羅頭魔勢, the combination of his nickname Dosukoi and an ateji for his family name.
He also worked as a judge for the Dream organization.
native Jacob McDonald with a knockout 39 seconds into the first round.
His real name is Kyotaro Fujimoto, and he had been using 3 other ring names before.
Anthony Obinnia Njokuani is an American-Nigerian professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Lightweight division of Legacy FC.
He is the K-1 World Grand Prix 2009 in Seoul tournament champion.
Yuki Nakai is a retired Japanese mixed martial artist and Shooter.
In August 2009, Carano fought Cristiane Santos in Strikeforce: Carano vs. Cyborg, the first time two women headlined a major MMA event; Santos won.
She is currently signed to Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Aguilar previously competed for Bellator Fighting Championships.
He holds the rank of 7th dan from the Aikikai.
In recent years, Nick has become increasingly well known for his paintings, and he categorises his Art as Sacred Geometry.
He is currently an instructor of the Japan Karate Association.
Godofredo Castro, better known as Godofredo Pepey, is a Brazilian mixed martial artist who competes in the Featherweight division of the UFC.
Claudiu Istrate, is a Romanian-Italian muay thai and K-1 fighter.
Cruz was also the final bantamweight titleholder of World Extreme Cagefighting.
He began dedicating himself to boxing in 1989 and would win the IBF World Featherweight Championship and IBO World Super Featherweight Championship before retiring in 1998.
J.J. Ambrose is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in Bellator's Lightweight division.
Nong-O Kaiyanghadaogym, formerly known as Nong-O Sit Or, is a Thai Muay Thai kickboxer.
Houcine Bennoui is a French-Algerian Muay Thai kickboxer, younger brother of Karim Bennoui.
A professional competitor since 2012, VanZant was a fighter in Invicta FC before moving over to the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Shinya Aoki is a Japanese mixed martial artist and grappler currently competing in ONE Championship's and Rizin Fighting Federation's Lightweight division.
In February 2014 Torregrosa leads his team to a second place team title for the second consecutive year at an IBJJF event.
He competed almost exclusively in the Shooto organization, before making his debut at the WEC 37.
His specialized focus in the internal arts led him to develop his own system of Bagua which became recognized and known as Jiang Style Baguazhang.
Chang Dsu Yao was a teacher of the martial arts Meihuaquan and T'ai chi ch'uan.
Matt Skelton is a British former professional boxer, kickboxer, and mixed martial artist.
His trainers were Chris Dolman, Hans Nijman and Michel van Halderen he also stated he trained with "Dirty" Bob Schrijber.
Maryna Moroz is also a boxing coach for the Ukrainian Olympic women's boxing team.
His two brothers also became scholars and authors.
He is a member of Singpatong Sitnumnoi and Impacts Bordeaux Clubs.
Jennifer Rose Tate is an American female mixed martial artist.
She also won two European titles in 1986 and 1988.
William Wallace Bruce-Vanderpuye, also known as William Vanderpuye, Will Vanderpuye or Will Vanders, is an award-winning British actor broadcaster, writer voice-over artist and producer.
In 2006, Lesnar pursued a career in mixed martial arts, as he signed with Hero's and won his first fight, against Min-Soo Kim, in June 2007.
Nogueira began his professional career at the age of 21, defeating Noboru Asahi.
His adoptive father was Kōsei Kokuba, who began training him at the age of five years.
He holds notable bouts against UFC standouts Urijah Faber and Brad Pickett, as well as Pride veteran Luiz Firmino.
And was the first Scottish fighter to be signed by the UFC.
His achievements are legendary and his physical attributes have been compared to Algerian national Salah Benbatta.
After becoming involved with a revolutionary anti-government movement, Du was forced to flee from Zhangjiajie to the province of Yunnan.
Wu Kung-tsao or Wu Gongzao was a famous Chinese teacher of t'ai chi ch'uan.
He has also won the JKA All-Japan championships for kata on 2 occasions and for kumite on 3 occasions.
Their U.S. Representative is Dong Tran in Caldwell, NJ.
The names Xie Ru Ru, Ru Ru Ko and Ryū Ryū Ko are considered terms of endearment amongst friends since the suffix ”Ko“ means "Brother".
Penn with his knockout of Shane Roller at UFC 132.
A professional competitor since 2005, Omigawa has competed in the UFC, PRIDE, Cage Rage, World Victory Road, DREAM, DEEP, and Shooto.
Hung Hei-gun or Hong Xiguan was a Chinese martial artist who lived in the Qing dynasty.
Affiliates have attended clinics in Australia, Canada, United States, and Europe.
A professional competitor since 2001, Radach has also formerly competed for the UFC, the WEC, Strikeforce, and the Los Angeles Anacondas of the IFL.
He is a training partner of Karo Parisyan and Manvel Gamburyan.
Stephanie Frausto also competed at Bellator 154.
Couture has displayed a variety of skills in boxing and catch wrestling and has submitted four opponents using different chokeholds.
Chinen was one of the last surviving students to have learned directly from Chōjun Miyagi, founder of Gōjū-ryū karate.
Because he was skilled in combat, Guo Yunshen visited him personally to instruct him on his Beng Quan methods.
Francisco Santos "Frank" Mir, III is an American mixed martial artist, who formerly competed in the Ultimate Fighting Championship for sixteen years.
He began his study of taekwondo when he was twelve years old.
It is the precipice and highest-form of the Fu Style martial arts.
After victory over Anderson, Hess withdrew from the tournament with a hand injury.
Chartchai Laemfapha or birth name Naris Chionoi is a former professional Thai boxer, WBC World champion & WBA World champion in the flyweight division.
In 2007 he was third place losing at the semi-final in a very tight fight against the UFC and ADCC star Demian Maia.
Masayoshi Kori Hisataka died in Tokyo, Japan on August 14, 1988.
Keisuke Fujiwara is a Japanese mixed martial artist with a background in kickboxing.
Dillashaw was also a finalist on The Ultimate Fighter: Team Bisping vs.
He is the reigning UFC Lightweight Champion, and former UFC Featherweight Champion.
Edgar wrestled for Cibola High School in Yuma, Arizona earning a state wrestling championship.
An introduction from Song led to Du being employed as Sun Yat-sen's personal bodyguard.
In 1970, Tomiki retired from Waseda University and, in the same year, presided over the first All-Japan Student Aikido Tournament.
Tuba Yenen is the holder of World and European champion titles in cadet and junior categories.
Jesse Glover was the first authorized martial arts instructor to be trained by Bruce Lee.
Edson Mendes Barboza Jr. is a Brazilian mixed martial artist and former Muay Thai kickboxer who competes in the lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
He trained with the Golden Glory team, alongside Chalid Arrab, Stefan Leko and Alistair Overeem.
In Israel, he taught defensive tactics and operational behavior at the Operational Police Academy, which is charged with training the country’s entire police force.
In 1974, Yaguchi founded the ISKF of Colorado, the regional headquarters for the Mountain States Region.
Jack Dempsey and Luis Ángel Firpo agreed to jointly manage Cestac.
He has fought as a Heavyweight and Light Heavyweight for the UFC, WEC, and DREAM.
He was member of the Soviet Union team was from 1969 to 1976.
John Edward Gunderson is a retired American mixed martial artist.
In mixed martial arts, Lindland has competed primarily in the Middleweight division for the UFC, Strikeforce.
He is associated with Lion's Den and runs their school in Dallas.
He is a Combat Sambo World Champion, and currently fights in the lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Masashi Nishiyama is a Japanese judoka who won a bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
A professional MMA competitor since 2005, Natal mostly fought in the Ring of Combat promotion before joining the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Hackleman and the 16th Indiana were sent to the Eastern Theater where they were engaged at the Battle of Ball's Bluff.
Rener and his brother, Ryron Gracie created Gracie University, an online martial arts learning center, and developed distance learning packages for the Academy's proprietary courses.
Maeda won more than 2,000 professional fights in his career.
Jan Soukup is a Czech karateka and kickboxer who competes in the heavyweight division.
A professional competitor since 2012, he formerly competed for the Xtreme Fighting Championships, where he was the Lightweight Champion.
Martdee was born in Subiaco, Western Australia.
Khaosai defended his WBA world title 19 times in seven years, winning 16 of his title fights by knockouts.
Trevor Pryce Leggett was a British judo teacher, author, translator, and head of the BBC's Japanese Service for 24 years.
Zack Mwekassa is a Congolese boxer and kickboxer who fights in GLORY.
He also learned the routines Saam Tung Goh Kiu from the Taoist Wong Lei Giu and Mui Fa Chat Lo from Ke Hing Ma.
He has competed for Bellator MMA, and Dream in Japan.
She won 11 of those fights in the first round, nine of them by armbar submission.
Since that time he has taught taekwondo with his father at Tapilatu's sport center in his home town of Groningen, the Netherlands.
Leung Ting is the founder and president of the International Wing Tsun Association.
He made his SLAMM debut in 2006, losing both of his fights with the organization, including a decision loss to Leroy Kaestner at B-Klass level.
Yasuko TamadaJune 30, 1967) is a Japanese female mixed martial arts fighter.
He has also won the JKA All-Japan championships for kata on six occasions and for kumite on two occasions.
Seth Christopher Petruzelli is an American retired mixed martial artist, current kickboxer, professional wrestler and entrepreneur.
Abel Cullum is an American professional mixed martial artist and former King of the Cage Flyweight Champion.
Hisataka was also one of the first to experiment with the use of Bōgu to provide safety in karate kumite.
Akbarh Omar Arreola Jiménez is a Mexican mixed martial artist who competes in the Lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Hisae Watanabe is a Japanese female mixed martial artist and kickboxer.
He has made both the Welterweight and Super Welterweight Rajadamnern Stadium rankings.
She has fought in MMA promotions Shooto and Jewels in Japan and Invicta FC in the United States.
Machado holds a victory over Ron Tripp, the only person to hold a documented victory in competition over Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu legend Rickson Gracie.
A professional competitor since 2004, he has also formerly competed for Strikeforce and DREAM.
His name can be written as Peshta or Pesta.
Zhang Sanfeng was a legendary Chinese Taoist purported to have achieved immortality.
A professional MMA competitor since 2007, Castillo has made a name for himself fighting in California.
Huang committed himself to this tradition for the next 45 years.
Justin Buchholz is an American mixed martial artist.
Among Wong's students, the more notable ones include Lam Sai-wing, Leung Foon, Dang Fong, and Ling Wan-kai.
7 in the official UFC women's bantamweight rankings.
Shane "Choppa" Chapman is a New Zealand super middleweight kickboxer and boxer, fighting out of City Lee Gar Gym in Auckland.
Lloyd Woodard is an American professional mixed martial artist, currently competing in Titan FC's Lightweight division.
Geny Rebello is a grandmaster of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu holding a 9th degree red belt.
Kanehara is the 2009 Sengoku Featherweight Grand Prix Champion and inaugural Sengoku Featherweight Champion.
Victor Moore holds a 10th Degree Black Belt in Karate and was one of the late Robert Trias' Chief instructors of the Shuri-ryū Karate system.
He currently teaches at the Stanford University Wing Chun Club.
Steve Shepherd is a five-time world kickboxing champion and a top pioneer kickboxing promoter in the state of Florida.
Masuda is a 3x Pan Asian International Jiu Jitsu Championship open category champion.
His Mixed martial arts debut was on June 29, 1997.
Cliff Wright, Jr. is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in Bellator's lightweight division.
He is a Six Harmony, Xingyiquan, Baguazhang, and a Drunken Monkey kung fu master.
Shigeki Osawa is a Japanese professional mixed martial artist who competes in the featherweight division.
A museum dedicated to him was built in his birthplace in Foshan City, Guangdong Province.
He lives in and fights out of Toronto, Canada.
So far in his bodyguard instruction career, Vračarević held more than 150 seminars worldwide.
A professional competitor since 2009, he has also formerly competed for Bellator MMA and Titan Fighting Championship.
Villefort has fought for the UFC, WEC and the IFL.
Ali is a four-time kickboxing and Muay Thai world champion, who has made appearances for the K-1 MAX, SuperLeague and It's Showtime organizations.
Alexandar Komanov was awarded with the prize “Number one athlete of Plovdiv” for 2014.
When he founded the Yongnian Association, he selected diligence, perseverance, respect, and sincerity as their motto.
He became famous in Chechnya after winning a European championship back in the 1970s.
Along with fighters like Randy Couture and Chuck Liddell, he was one of the sports early stars.
Hitohiro is the son of Morihiro Saito.
She was born in 1956 in Armenia, the capital of the department of Quindio.
Kevin Thompson born 1962, is a former world champion of karate.
Choi Hong Hi spoke to a select group of ITF officials and high-level instructors on his deathbed at Pyongyang Hospital.
Empty your mind, be formless, shapeless, like water.
A professional competitor since 2004, Means has also formerly competed for King of the Cage and Legacy FC.
He is a four-time K-1 Japan tournament champion, a former WAKO Heavyweight Muay Thai champion and two-time K-1 World Grand Prix finalist.
While Glover's own times from three feet were between 11 and 18 hundredths of a second.
She is also a Canadian Open grappling champion.
He was the 2011 Breakthrough Fighter of the Year.
By now he was comparatively famous in martial arts circles, and taught at this dojo and others around Japan, including in several military academies.
Gilbert Ballantine is a retired Dutch kickboxer and a nine times kickboxing world champion.
He was the 2009 NCAA national wrestling champion at 149 pounds.
Bruce Lee had his punching and closing speed measured with an electric timer at Glover's house.
Wang Zhengyi was a martial artist and hero during the late Qing dynasty, hailing from Cangzhou in today's Hebei Province, Wang was of Hui Muslim ethnicity.
Inside the amateur ring, he enjoyed victories over notable athletes including: Nenad Pagonis, Franci Grajš, Simon Marcus and Vladimir Mineev.
Fabrício dos Santos Camões is a Brazilian mixed martial artist, who formerly competed in the Lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Faisal Jeylani Aweys is a Somali taekwondo practitioner.
He also competed on The Ultimate Fighter: Team McGregor vs.
Sam Oropeza is an American mixed martial artist and boxer who formerly competed in Bellator's middleweight and Welterweight divisions.
Eye found additional success after turning pro, winning each of her fights in Bellator and holding a 10-1 record upon signing with the UFC in 2013.
While perhaps best known for competing in the UFC, Sylvia has also competed for Affliction, the International Fighting Championships, and ONE FC.
He has had a 23-year competitive career.
Peter Aerts is a Dutch semi-retired super heavyweight kickboxer.
Daniel Omielańczuk is a Polish mixed martial artist who is currently signed with the UFC, competing in the Heavyweight division.
Stefan Jaimy Struve is a Dutch mixed martial artist who competes as a heavyweight in the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Rothrock holds black belt rankings in seven styles of martial arts and was a high level competitor in martial arts before becoming an actress.
Tomoaki Hayama is a Japanese mixed martial artist.
He received national exposure on The Ultimate Fighter 6: Team Hughes vs.
Kenichi Yamamoto is a Japanese mixed martial artist and professional wrestler.
He competed in the bantamweight, featherweight and lightweight division.
As of 20 July 2017, Gustafsson is the #2 ranked light heavyweight contender in official UFC rankings.
He was named Sherdog's 2009 Fighter of the Year.
Midhun Jith is a Marine Engineering Officer and former two-time World Kickboxing Federation Champion who competes in the light heavyweight divisions.
He was the winner of the International Vale Tudo Championship 14 in 2001.
Roger is also an active mixed martial arts competitor and is the current ONE World Cruiserweight Champion.
and also in the Ichigeki events in Japan.
Yang Shao-hou or Yang Shaohou was a Chinese teacher of martial arts who, along with Yang Chengfu, represents the third generation of Yang family taijiquan.
Known for his knockout power, he captured the ISKA Intercontinental Light Middleweight K-1 Championship at the end of 2014.
At the Gracie Barra school he trained under Master Carlos Gracie, Jr. and trained alongside Ryan and Renzo Gracie.
Also a Mixed martial artist, he is a former WAKO-Pro world cruiser heavyweight K-1 rules -94.1 kg champion.
He was born in Rayong Province, Thailand.
He is best known for starring in the action films Merantau, The Raid, The Raid 2 and Headshot.
He is currently an instructor of the Japan Karate Association.
Oliver Thompson is an English strongman, mixed martial artist and former holder of the title Britain's Strongest Man.
Yvel mostly competed as a Heavyweight, but also competed as a Light Heavyweight in the final two fights of his career.
He competed in the Featherweight and Lightweight divisions.
He represented Yugoslavia at the 1988 Summer Olympics and 1989 World Judo Championships, where he earned a gold medal.
He is the former DEEP Lightweight Champion.
One of his brothers, John Chow-Hoon, would also become a well–known martial artist.
He was voted as having the seventh-best facial hair in MMA by hunglodojo.com
Amanda Lucas is an American professional mixed martial artist.
He began training in Taekwondo in Perlis at the age of 13 and later took up Muay Thai.
His nickname in Dutch is 'Kleintje' - which translates as 'Little One' in English.
He is a national AAU Sombo Champion(1997), a California State Judo Champion and a College ALL American Wrestler(Cerritos Jr. College 88-89).
People in the ITF see it as a great honor to meet him in person.
He is known for being a contestant on The Ultimate Fighter 11 and 23.
Daniel Acácio is a Brazilian professional mixed martial artist, also current Superior Challenge Welterweight Champion and 100% Fight Middleweight Champion.
Reyson Gracie is the 3rd son of Carlos Gracie, the founder of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, and a member of the Gracie Family.
Melvin Manhoef is a Surinamese-born Dutch professional kickboxer and mixed martial artist.
Ricardo Alejandro Lamas is an American mixed martial artist who currently fights as a Featherweight in the Ultimate Fighting Championship organization.
He competed in the Light Heavyweight division.
He holds a professional MMA Record of 101–19–7 and is a UFC Hall of Famer and a former UFC Superfight Champion.
He is a veteran of both the Pancrase and Shooto organizations, and is the former Middleweight King of Pancrase.
He also was bodyguard and sparring partner for Mike Tyson.
Fu Zhongwen was often called upon by his master to represent him in pushing hands competitions and he earned the reputation of being an undefeatable opponent.
His time is split between training professional fighters and teaching boxing and kickboxing to kids and adults.
He held also World Mixed Martial Arts Federation super welterweight International full contact title.
Lucas Browne is an Australian professional boxer and former mixed martial artist.
Cosmo "Good Boy" Alexandre is a Brazilian professional kickboxer, boxer, and mixed martial artist.
In the Japanese professional wrestling world, he is known for the controversial match he had with Rikidōzan.
Few authenticated facts are known about Jeong Yim but his legacy and influence on Choy Li Fut can still be felt today.
He is a five-time amateur Muay Thai I.F.M.A world champion and holds a national degree of honored master of sports in Muay Thai.
He passed the mid-level exam of juren in 1902, and received a post in the Qing History Office.
He was the founder of Vovinam Việt Võ Đạo.
He currently lives in Philadelphia, PA where he teaches at Balance Studios [4] which he co-owns with his brother, Ricardo Migliarese.
Reuben de Jong is a New Zealand heavyweight kickboxer, mixed martial artist, strongman and professional wrestler of Dutch descent.
Paul Noel Starling is an Australian martial artist renowned as a Gōjū-ryū Karate master.
He was the Welterweight runner-up on The Ultimate Fighter: United States vs. United Kingdom.
Riki Kumeta is a Japanese instructor of Shotokan karate.
Zaza "Grom" Tkeshelashvili is a Georgian retired Freestyle wrestling Olympic competitor for Georgia in 1996 Olympic Games Atlanta and mixed martial artist.
Edward Faaloloto is an American mixed martial artist.
John Lineker is named after English football striker Gary Lineker.
He has fought in PRIDE FC and appeared on Season 1 of The Ultimate Fighter.
He is well known for appearing as a fighter on the TV show The Ultimate Fighter: Team Hughes vs.
Dragan "Gagi" Tešanović is a Serbian retired mixed martial arts fighter who competes in the middleweight division.
At one point, he was ranked as a top-ten pound for pound fighter.
He was the last Strikeforce Light Heavyweight Champion and was the last Welterweight) and Middleweight) champion of Pride Fighting Championships.
His headline bout with Nate Diaz at UFC 202 garnered the most buys ever for a UFC event.
In 1921, Chu Guiting studied Yang-shi taijiquan in Hangzhou under Yang Chengfu – a direct descendent of the style's progenitor, Yang Luchan.
He is a former King of the Cage Middleweight Champion and former King of the Cage Middleweight Superfight Champion.
Sean O'Connell is a retired American professional mixed martial artist who previously competed in the Light Heavyweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Throughout its history, it has organised and funded a large number of expeditions, including many ambitious first ascents throughout the Andes.
Issam Barhoumi is a Tunisian heavyweight Sanshou kickboxer.
David Coulter he is a Scottish karateka.
In 2007 he took part of the reality based television series The Contender Asia.
In Asia, he is called "Che Man", "Techno Goliath", "Korean Monster" and "Korean Colossus".
Jeremiah Riggs is an American professional wrestler, and mixed martial artist who competes in the welterweight and middleweight divisions.
He competed in the Light Heavyweight and Heavyweight divisions.
She moved to Albuquerque, New Mexico in January 2013 to train at Jackson's Mixed Martial Arts.
Carano began her training with straight Muay Thai to competitive MMA, where she competed in Strikeforce and EliteXC.
He currently fights for Bellator Fighting Championships where he is the current Bellator Welterweight Champion.
The collective translation is: "One’s duty to himself and his fellow man."
Ricardo Tirloni is a Brazilian mixed martial artist who competes in the lightweight division.
The Bruce "Clan" are an aristocratic Ghanaian family with a pedigree tracing back to King Robert the Bruce of Scotland.
Jomhod "King of the Ring" Kiatadisak is a professional muay Thai fighter from Phang Nga province in the South of Thailand.
He has competed in several Bellator Tournaments, including the: Bellator Season Four Welterweight Tournament, Bellator Season 5 Welterweight Tournament, and the Bellator Season 6 Lightweight Tournament.
In 1970 he won the championship of the USSR.
He has won world titles in two weight divisions.
A professional since 2005, Avena also competed for the WEC.
Sérgio Ricardo de Moraes is a Brazilian mixed martial artist currently signed with the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Hao Weizhen, or Hao Wei-chen, was a Chinese t'ai chi ch'uan teacher.
Yavuz Karamollaoğlu is a Turkish karateka competing currently in the kumite -84 kg division.
Ricardo Romero is an American professional mixed martial arts fighter.
In 2015, she was the third most searched person on Google.
Justin Ray Lawrence is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Featherweight division of Bellator MMA.
Carlos Henrique "Caique" Elias is a 7th degree red-and-black belt master of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.
Takahashi is best known for his incredible toughness, heart, and will to win.
He formerly competed in the World Series of Fighting, the XFC, and was a contestant on The Ultimate Fighter 2.
He has also competed in the Bellator Fighting Championships and KSW.
According to the global-mma.com rankings, he is the #2 ranked heavyweight fighter in the world.
Chong has been viewed by many prominent martial artists worldwide as a preeminent practitioner and instructor of Wing Chun Kung Fu.
At the age of retirement he was taking 150,000 USD salary per year.
- The ITF became a Signatory Federation to World Anti-Doping Agency in July 2010.
He formerly competed in the welterweight division.
Jake Aaron Matthews is an Australian mixed martial artist currently competing in the Ultimate Fighting Championship's lightweight division.
Evan Loyd Tanner was an American professional mixed martial arts fighter.
Kazuki Tokudome is a Japanese professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Lightweight division of Pancrase.
Mihai Barbu is a Romanian kickboxer fighting in K-1 Max and the current I.S.K.A.
A professional competitor since 2002, Herman was a finalist on SpikeTV's The Ultimate Fighter 3, and has also competed for Strikeforce and Pancrase.
Terence Lee "Terry" Etim is an English mixed martial artist who is currently competing as a lightweight.
Leggett helped introduce Japanese culture to the United Kingdom, and was honoured for this by being inducted into Japan's Order of the Sacred Treasure in 1984.
Enrico Gogokhiia is a professional Ukrainian Middleweight kickboxer.
Anthony Hamilton is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the UFC's Heavyweight division.
She is featured as a playable character in the video game EA Sports UFC.
He is the winner of multiple European Karate Championships and World Karate Championships Karate medals.
A professional competitor since 2010, Morono has also fought for Legacy Fighting Championship.
She is currently signed with Invicta FC.
Yara is most noted for teaching Takahara Peichin who would later become the sensei of Sakugawa Kanga, the father of Okinawan karate.
A professional competitor since 2005, he has also formerly competed for the UFC.
He is the founder of Hungrymonk Yoga.
As of November 2012, Hernandez is ranked the #7 lightweight in the world by LiverKick.com.
He fought for the Seattle Tiger Sharks in the now defunct International Fight League.
Wang Maozhai was one of Wu Quanyou's of Wu-style t'ai chi ch'uan three primary disciples.
Anderson "Braddock" Silva is a Brazilian super heavyweight kickboxer, São Paulo State, Brazil.
Later he completed a Masters in Intercultural Communications in 2003.
Kestutis Smirnovas is a Lithuanian MMA fighter and judoka who fought in Pride Fighting Championships, RINGS, Shooto and HERO'S.
Apple also played the character of Pete "Mad Dog" Grimes in the 2011 film Warrior.
Raul has been practicing martial arts since the age of four.
Hao Zhihua is the only person in China's history to have won six gold medals, in addition to one silver medal, in a single national competition.
Christopher Lanny Spång is a Swedish professional mixed martial artist currently fighting for Resurrection Fighting Alliance in the Welterweight division.
"Fast" Faldir Chahbari is Moroccan-Dutch welterweight kickboxer, fighting out of Brummen, Netherlands.
As of June 23, 2017, he is #6 in the official UFC bantamweight rankings.
He is the 2002 and 2004 K-1 Oceania MAX champion and 4 time Muay Thai World champion.
He has competed in promotions such as the SUPERKOMBAT Fighting Championship, It's Showtime, Jungle Fight and WGP Kickboxing, and signed with Glory in 2014.
Bruce "The Preacher" Macfie is an Australian middleweight kickboxer from Brisbane, Queensland.
Paul Simon Taylor is a retired English professional mixed martial artist who formerly competed in the Lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Ashley Tesoro is an American actress, model, and singer.
Abner Lloveras Hernández is a Spanish professional mixed martial artist in the lightweight division.
He has fought in the Ultimate Fighting Championship and is a former King of the Cage and Ring of Fire lightweight champion.
He also hopes to have more fight opportunities outside Japan.
Mark and Matt competed in a wrestling tournament at their school and ended up facing off in the finals.
Besim Kabashi was an Kosovar-German kickboxer who competed in the light heavyweight, cruiserweight and heavyweight divisions.
Kernspecht invited Leung Ting to Germany in 1975 and had years of private instruction, opening the first office of EWTO in 1979.
A professional competitor since 2010, Horiguchi is the former Shooto Bantamweight Champion.
Edgar "Eddie" Bravo is an American Jiu-Jitsu instructor and former UFC analyst.
Regarded as a national hero, Sayers, for whom the considerable sum of £3,000 was raised by public subscription, then retired from the ring.
He is a world champion and European versions WBKF, King of Kings - Grand Prix K-1 tournament finalist, which was held December 16, 2010 in Odintsovo.
He has appeared on National Public Television, CNN, and NBC as a commentator upon U.S./Japan cultural and business relations.
José Aldo da Silva Oliveira Junior is a Brazilian mixed martial artist in the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
He is the great-grandson of Morihei Ueshiba, the Aikido Founder.
He further proved that the sport could be financially viable through regular live events at the same venue.
He quickly founded one of the biggest Kyokushinkai clubs in Japan, and the activities were extended to two additional cities, Uwa and Uwajima.
Nomis is the founder and CEO of Ippon Technologies, a global Java consulting company.
He holds one of the longest undefeated streaks in mixed martial arts history, with only four career losses, all to fellow-UFC Champions.
He holds the rank of 8th dan and the title of Shihan.
Michael Jan Hugo Kuiper is a Dutch mixed martial artist, best known for competing in the middleweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
He is currently an instructor of the Japan Karate Association.
Very small amounts of this compound, on the order of nanograms, can be responsible for this defect.
Willie Gates is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the Flyweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Abbe held dan ranks in several martial arts, most notably 8th dan in judo, 6th dan in aikido, and 6th dan in kendo.
Antoni Barend Hardonk is a retired Dutch mixed martial artist and kickboxer who competed in K-1 and the UFC.
Wong recorded one instructional film entitled Wing Chun: The science of in-fighting.
Yang Ch'eng-fu as the grandson of the Yang style founder, had been Cheng Man-Ching’s teacher.
He competed in the Super Heavyweight division.
Kamen Georgiev is a Bulgarian MMA fighter who competes in the Light heavyweight division.
Keith Wisniewski is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Welterweight division.
Luke Stewart is a retired American mixed martial artist.
He is currently an instructor of the Japan Karate Association.
Warren was an extra in the movie "Jarhead".
On December 5, 2009, he won WMC King's Cup Challenger Tournament in Bangkok, Thailand.
Yuya Yamamoto is a Japanese kickboxer competing in K-1 at middleweight.
She is the current UFC Women's Featherweight Champion, as well as the former Strikeforce Women's Featherweight Champion and former Invicta FC World Featherweight Champion.
One of Hao's most famous students was Sun Lu-t'ang.
Neiman Gracie Stambowsky is a Brazilian mixed martial artist and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu practitioner currently competing in the Middleweight division of Bellator MMA.
Rickson Gracie is a Brazilian 9th degree red belt in Gracie Jiu-Jitsu and a retired mixed martial artist.
Hafsa Şeyda Burucu is a European champion Turkish female karateka competing currently in the kumite -68 kg division.
He also competed for the Bellator Fighting Championships and Pancrase in Japan.
Gastelum is currently competing as a middleweight and is ranked #8 in the UFC official middleweight rankings.
In early 2012, Goodridge was diagnosed with early onset of chronic traumatic encephalopathy.
Aykut Kaya is a European champion Turkish karateka competing in the kumite -60 kg division.
Michael Alexander Rio is an American mixed martial artist who competed most recently in the Lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
He currently competes in Bellator's welterweight division.
Sports and MMA media, ESPN, Bleacher Report, Sherdog, SB Nation and Fight Matrix, list him as the greatest MMA Heavyweight fighter of all time.
Combined with a sneer, a sinister laugh, and the sounds of "Heng!"
Chōmo Hanashiro was an Okinawan martial arts master who is notable for aiding in the evolution of Shōrin-ryū karate.
On August 10, 2013 Lopez married strength and conditioning coach of the NBA's Houston Rockets Joe Rogowski.
He is currently signed with the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
In keeping with the Iemoto system, he is expected to succeed his father as Dōshu.
As of 2011 Ali is the current W.I.P.U.
Islam Ramazanovich Makhachev is a Russian mixed martial artist, judoka and sambist of Lak origin.
Kenichi Tanaka is a Japanese mixed martial artist.
Nilsson formerly competed in the Welterweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
He is a Board Member of the Nigeria Olympic Committee, and Vice Chairman of the Technical Commission of the NOC.
There are many Relson Gracie affiliated academies and associations throughout the U.S. which keep him traveling regularly.
In mixed martial arts, he has competed for RINGS, WEF, PRIDE, and Hero's.
He won the All-Japan Judo Championships three times.
He is the K-1 World MAX 2009 Europe Tournament champion currently competing in K-1 MAX.
Anthony Kewoa Johnson is a retired American mixed martial artist who competed in the light heavyweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Having made his professional debut in 1998, Russow has also formerly competed for the UFC, Adrenaline MMA, PRIDE FC, and also participated in the Yarennoka!
At the 10th International Wushu Federation Congress following the 2009 World Wushu Championships in Toronto, he served on the athletes' committee.
He is a member of the İstanbul Büyükşehir Belediyesi S.K.
Ugonoh is currently ranked as the WBO number 12 and IBF number 13 heavyweight boxer in the world.
His wing chun emphasizes structure and relaxation over speed and strength, resulting in a soft yet powerful force.
Andrew Clarke was one of the most popular Australian actors in the 1980s and 1990s.
Elias Silvério is a Brazilian mixed martial artist, currently competing in the Lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Valdesi began his study of Karate at age six, under the guidance of his father Andrea, at several city gyms.
Shamrock is the founder of the Lion's Den mixed martial arts training camp.
He is the co-author of the instructional book Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu: For Experts Only alongside Carlson Gracie Sr.
Jake Lindsey is an American mixed martial artist who competes in the Lightweight division.
He was also a soldier and a supporter of Sun Yat-sen.
He is a Black Belt in Jury Jiu Jitsu and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.
He currently trains at the Nova União/Kimura and fights for Bellator MMA.
Jacob Steven "Jake" Ellenberger is an American mixed martial artist and former United States Marine currently competing in the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Dr. Shaner was instrumental in bringing the Place of Peace  to Furman University.
Contributing authors are from all over the world including Austria, Australia, Canada, Czechoslovakia, Israel, Japan, The Netherlands, Peoples’ Republic of China, and New Zealand.
Şahin "Kaas" Yakut is a Turkish-Dutch kickboxer and mixed martial artist, currently living in Heerhugowaard, Netherlands and training in Gym Alkmaar.
Zaza is also a popular actress and singer in her native country.
He has been practicing Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu since the age of 13.
Ariel "The Shadow" Mastov is an Israeli kickboxer and former 8 times WPKA Kobukan Karate champion, currently competing in K-1 fighting circuit.
Dan Tore Evensen is a Norwegian mixed martial artist and former K-1 Kickboxer.
Pawel Pawlak is a Polish mixed martial artist.
Her film debut was in Steven Soderbergh's 2011 action film Haywire, and she has appeared in Fast & Furious 6 and Deadpool.
The character Jerome Sprout in the 1993 film Dragon: The Bruce Lee Story was based on Glover.
He was born as Hideo Tozawa in a village called Nakagawa in Akita prefecture.
When he was seven,he began practicing Judo at Clube do Flamengo,in Rio de Janeiro.
Kyotaro is a Japanese heavyweight boxer and former kickboxer.
Relson currently lives in Hawaii where he still teaches Gracie Jiu-Jitsu at his academy in Honolulu.
Filip Verlinden is a Belgian kickboxer who competes in the cruiserweight and heavyweight divisions.
Ricardo Botelho is a Brazilian mixed martial artist.
Annalisa BucciJanuary 29, 1983) is an Italian female kickboxer and mixed martial artist, based in Rimini.
A professional MMA competitor since 2010, he was a competitor on The Ultimate Fighter: The Smashes.
In addition, Buakaw also played professional football as a forward in Regional League Division 2 for RBAC F.C.
He also goes by the ring name of Kei Yamamiya, with his first name written in all caps.
At 9th Dan he is the highest-ranking Shodokan instructor in the world and travels internationally to teach aikido.
As of 1 August 2017, he is ranked the #5 light-heavyweight in the world by CombatPress.com.
Xu Yan is a Chinese Sanshou, Muay Thai, kickboxer who competes in the middleweight division.
Nakao is a World Victory Road veteran and signed a contract with DREAM in 2011 before the promotion closed in mid-2012.
Please carry on propaganda that Mr. Chang Ung is the tallest and in the highest position in the ITF.
Among his boxers is his younger brother, Auth Phuthong.
He is a 2013 Pan American champion in the middleweight division, submitting his opponent in the finals with his signature omoplata, or clarkoplata, finish.
Sirwan Kakai is a Kurdish mixed martial artist currently competing in Bellator's bantamweight division.
The solemn and memorable service was held in Pyongyang, North Korea.
Edward Benson "Ed" Herman is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Middleweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Constantin Țuțu, is a Moldovan Muay Thai kickboxer and K-1 fighter who competes in the cruiserweight division.
He was also a member of a National Karate competition team with other notable athletes such as Bridgett Riley, Patrick Riley, Donny Reinhardt.
He was a competitor on Spike TV's The Ultimate Fighter: Team Bisping vs.
He initially began fighting at the 48 kg weight class and then moved to the 63 kg weight class.
A professional mixed martial artist since 2003, Bradley is best known for his four fight stint with the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
He started to instruct the police force, and universities started clubs in the area.
Today, Gaje continues to teach his art of Pekiti Tirsia to students of martial arts, personal security, law enforcement and militaries worldwide.
event in the Saitama Super Arena in Japan.
Currently, he now is the Regional Director for Gracie Barra Texas
Campbell is by far one of the most decorated Muay Thai fighters in North America and is also current W.M.A.
He began his MMA career in the same year when he was defeated by Maurício Rua in his first fight by TKO.
Gonzaga's nickname "Napão" means "big nose" in Portuguese.
As of 2 November 2015, he is ranked the #2 light heavyweight in the world by GLORY.
Werdum has competed in PRIDE, the UFC, Strikeforce, and Jungle Fight.
As of February 1, 2016 he is #12 in official UFC Middleweight rankings.
He now fights for Fight Time Promotions.
María Dimitrova is a Dominican-Bulgarian martial artist who practices karate.
Mitch Clarke is a Canadian mixed martial artist.
Shortly after Long's death, his student and co-author, Phil Little, fulfilled Long's goal of creating the United States Isshinryu Karate Association.
Hironori Ōtsuka was a Japanese master of karate who created the Wadō-ryū style of karate.
He last fought at TOP FC - Original against Seung Hwa-Han.
Kaufman is the #8-ranked pound-for-pound female MMA fighter in the world by MMARising.com and the #4-ranked 135-pound female fighter according to the Unified Women's MMA Rankings.
This hypothesis would explain the delayed death of the wrestler.
He is a Shichidan, and also has a Bachelor of Arts in Business Economics and OBM from Brown University.
Serhiy Lashchenko, also spelled as Sergii Lashchenko and Sergei Lascenko, was a Ukrainian kickboxer.
He is the former King of the Cage Flyweight Champion.
Soriano most recently competed for the UFC.
In addition to his fights in Bellator, Wagner has also fought in Titan FC.
Amanda Lourenço Nunes is a Brazilian mixed martial artist who currently fights for the Ultimate Fighting Championship where she is the reigning UFC Women's Bantamweight champion.
Andy Sherry is one of the most senior British practitioners of karate and the chief instructor of the KUGB.
He is considered one of the best pound for pound Muay Thai fighters in the world.
He was the K-1 Brazil 2005 and K-1 Turkey 2007 super heavyweight tournament champion.
Rodolfo Vieira Srour is a four time Brazilian Jiu Jitsu World Champion and a six time World Cup champion.
Vračarević was an instructor in IBSSA, the International Bodyguard & Security Association.
She is of Mexican, Ecuadorian and Irish descent.
His entrance music is "Proud Mary" by Tina Turner.
Micah Thomas Miller is an American mixed martial artist who trains out of Coconut Creek, Florida with American Top Team.
He says he likes to attack through half guard because it is effective in both gi and no gi competition.
Phil Ryan Cardella is an American mixed martial arts fighter.
He is the shihan of Kyokushin Kaikan Masuda Dojo.
Although Mir was only 23 years old and inexperienced when he fought Freeman, he later went on to become UFC Heavyweight Champion.
World Cruiserweight Kickboxing Champion who has fought for a number of promotions including K-1 over a lengthy career.
Igor Yaroslavovych Vovchanchyn is a retired Ukrainian mixed martial artist and kickboxer.
As of 1 August 2017, he is ranked the #10 welterweight in the world by CombatPress.com.
Over a 20-year-period, Bond studied the Yogic Saraswati tradition, under the tutelage of teacher Swami Satchidananda.
While living in Tokyo, Japan he fought and trained in the IKO1 Kyokushin - Team Ichigeki at the Ichigeki Plaza.
A professional competitor since 2004, Taimanglo has also formerly competed for Pacific Xtreme Combat and DEEP.
IBJJF ranks Mackenzie as the number one female black belt in brazilian jiu-jitsu.
Rafael Lovato Jr. is an American Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu competitor and instructor.
Muslim Magomedovich Salikhov is a Kumyk Dagestani-born Russian heavyweight Sanshou kickboxer and mixed martial artist.
He competed in the lightweight and welterweight divisions.
Yuchoku Higa was a Japanese Shorin-ryu karate master who was awarded Hanshi in 1976.
Recently Jan Lomulder trained former sumo wrestler Wakakirin Shinichi from Japan .
Moontasri has competed in RFA and is currently signed with the UFC.
He is a member of the İstanbul Büyükşehir Belediyesi S.K..
Jesse Marcus Taylor is an American professional mixed martial arts fighter currently competing in the Welterweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
He won the WEC bantamweight title in March 2010, and won the inaugural UFC Bantamweight Championship the following December.
A professional since 2007, he was also a cast member of SpikeTV's The Ultimate Fighter: Team Nogueira vs.
Leonardo Alcantara Vieira commonly known as Léo Vieira or Leozinho is a Brazilian grappler, a Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Instructor, and Competitor.
He was WBC International Muay Thai Heavyweight Champion.
Nobutatsu Suzuki is a Japanese professional mixed martial artist currently competing in ONE FC's Welterweight division.
She will also train at Jackson-Wink MMA Academy which has relationships with Luttrell/Yee MMA.
He is the notable Korean martial artist as the founder of Hapki yusul.
Tony Martin is an American mixed martial artist, who currently competes in the Lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
He is a four time pro world and three time European Muay Thai champion.
Andrew Richard Ogle is an English mixed martial artist, who formerly competed in the Featherweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
He is the younger brother of mixed martial artist Cole Miller.
If you were Mr. Chang Ung I believe that regardless of whether you were a Canadian, Italian, Korean or Argentinian you would be picked too.
Sean Soriano is an American mixed martial artist who competes in the Featherweight division.
Jessamyn Laurel Duke is an American mixed martial artist who formerly competed in the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Ilunga is a four-time kickboxing and Muay Thai world champion - most notably being the former It's Showtime 95MAX World Champion.
Yang Chengfu would teach and Zhongwen would demonstrate.
He competed in the Rings Battle Genesis vol.6 in 2000 and Kontendazu in July 2000.
In 2015, He won the gold medal in the Half-heavyweight division at the 2015 World Judo Championships.
Du was born into a wealthy family in the city of Zhangjiajie in Hunan province.
He was in Seoul, Korea in 1943.
After earning a TKO victory Warren hinted at a return to action in 2012.
Having moved to Belgium from Kosovo as a youngster, Kreshnik began training in Muay Thai and kickboxing while working as a bouncer.
He is the younger brother of Lightweight fighter Patricky Freire.
In 1925, Chen moved to Shanghai and established the Zhi Ruo Taijiquan Association.
Dr. Shaner is a frequent speaker in the U.S., Japan, Europe, and Russia.
Katsuhiko Nagata is a Japanese olympic wrestler and mixed martial artist, who won the silver medal in 63–69 kg Greco-Roman wrestling at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
Iko Uwais is an Indonesian actor, stuntman, fight choreographer, and martial artist.
He has fought in the UFC, the WEC, PRIDE, Cage Rage, UCMMA, Pancrase, and BodogFIGHT.
He holds the rank of 7th dan in aikido and is the founder and head instructor of Shobu Aikido in Somerville, MA, USA.
He has also competed in Affliction, World Victory Road, DREAM and Impact FC.
Ip’s father Yip Man was the Wing Chun teacher of late movie star Bruce Lee.
Poirier is one of the subjects of the documentary Fightville by Petra Epperlein and Michael Tucker, which examines the mixed martial arts scene in southern Louisiana.
Brian Melancon is a retired American mixed martial artist who most recently competed in the UFC's Welterweight division.
A graduate of the Omsk State Institute of Physical Culture.
His use of the dadao would lead to him earning the sobriquet by which he is best known, Dadao Wang Wu.
Yakovlev’s martial arts background included training in Sambo and Freestyle Wrestling prior to turning his attention to professional fighting at the age of nineteen.
Currently he is competing in the bantamweight division of the Absolute Championship Berkut
In 2005, Özçelik was admitted to the national team, and competed in all age categories for her country.
Hiroki Ishii is a Japanese lightweight kickboxer.
He continues to develop new training videos and techniques that are widely used in the MMA community including the Kimura Trap.
Pajonsuk is a Thai middleweight Muay Thai-kickboxer fighting out of Superpro Samui in Koh Samui, Thailand.
Sander has not fought since 2005, where he lost to Murad Chunkaiev by submission on April 3, 2005.
He is currently working as the narrator for You wa Nani Shi ni Nippon e.
Rang Bong Man, Secretary General of the Korean Taekwon-Do Committee
He held the rank of 8th dan in the Aikikai.
Cormier was also the Strikeforce Heavyweight Grand Prix Champion.
Liu Baojun, or Liu Pao-ch'ün was a teacher of the martial arts of Meihuaquan and Taijiquan.
She holds a black belt under her father, Wellington "Megaton" Dias who is one of the top Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belts in the world.
At the time of his death, he was an instructor at the Tapout Training Center.
Born in Saigon, Vietnam, Nguyen and his family immigrated to the U.S. when he was 9.
The dojo was founded by Ueshiba in 1953.
He is the former It's Showtime 61MAX world champion as well as the current Lion Fight Muay Thai world lightweight champion
Francisco Albano Barrio, commonly known as Croata Barrio, is an Argentine-born Croatian mixed martial artist who competes in the featherweight division of Final Fight Championship.
She competes professionally since 2008 and is the current women's International Boxing Association champion and mixed martial artist.
In 1985 he became coach of the Dutch national karate team.
He worked as a bodyguard for well-known gangster Klaas Bruinsma.
In 2009, he won the WFCA European Championship before becoming a world champion in 2010 by taking the Kombat League 63.503 kg/140 lb world title.
Norris is a devout Christian and politically conservative.
In 2011, he was once again sidelined due to diverticulitis and underwent surgery.
He is a member of Tito Ortiz's Team Punishment, and is known for his well-rounded skills.
He was born in Boston, Massachusetts on July 9, 1936 and died on October 7, 1998 in Warwick, RI.
Her older brothers were Wu Kung-i and Wu Kung-tsao.
Convinced of the need to modernize aikido, he stood his ground and persisted in his efforts to evolve a viable form of competition.
He has also been a kickboxing coach for Michael McDonald and later a karate coach for the USA National Karate-do Federation.
Davis is currently ranked as the #4 Light Heavyweight in the world according to Sherdog.
In his final years, he was the head martial arts instructor to the last king of the Ryūkyū Kingdom, Shō Tai, succeeding Matsumura in that position.
Brad Lavale Blackburn Jr. is an American professional mixed martial artist.
Lee Brahim Murray-Lamrani is an English career criminal, drug dealer, convicted bank robber and former mixed martial arts fighter.
In 2014 Park was named a USA Taekwondo Regional membership Director.
He competed in the Middleweight and Heavyweight divisions.
While perhaps best known for being a contestant on Fight Master: Bellator MMA, Gonzalez has also made appearances for King of the Cage and BAMMA.
John Cale Yarbrough is an American mixed martial arts fighter.
He has won the JKA All-Japan championships for kata.
He was a fighter on The Ultimate Fighter: Team Hughes vs.
In 2003, he was the Runner-up at the Junior College National Tournament and was crowned the National Champion in 2004.
Ian Gregory McCall is an American mixed martial artist who competes in the flyweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
This statement cannot be confirmed, but it can be confirmed that he was known as the Tiger of Sai Gwan.
Stan "The Man" Longinidis is a retired Australian Heavyweight kickboxer and 8 time Kickboxing World Champion.
Abner received a Gold Medal in the Spanish Olympic boxing tournament in 2010.
He currently competes in the Lightweight division.
He is the former King of the Cage Lightweight Champion.
Hong is survived by his family, his dedicated disciples and the lasting legacy of his Practical Method.
He is one of five still-living Grandmasters of the Ip Man family of Wing Chun Kung Fu.
He served for seven years as uchideshi at the Aikikai Hombu Dojo before being dispatched abroad to help develop Aikido internationally.
Eventually, Ueshiba pulled it out of the folds of his kimono, praising him highly for his skill.
A professional competitor since 2007, Taylor has also formerly competed for Strikeforce and Bellator.
He is two time French and European Muay Thai champion and current IKF Muay Thai Super Heavyweight World champion.
He received his nickname due to his other occupation as a member of the LAPD.
Relson's Jiu-Jitsu has evolved to help defend yourself in a survival situations where there are no rules.
He is currently fighting in smaller organizations and training in boxing as well.
In 2012 she released a gospel EP titled Simply Worship.
Hidetaka Monma, is a Japanese mixed martial artist.
He was born on November 11, 1956.
He currently competes in the Middleweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Arlene Blencowe is a mixed martial artist and boxer, who has world championships in World Boxing Federation and Women’s International Boxing Association.
Her nickname comes from the popular 1990s TV series Xena: Warrior Princess.
Numerous media outlets called this victory the greatest comeback story in MMA history.
Elaina Maureen Maxwell is an American mixed martial arts fighter, and professional kickboxer.
In the various organizations, he would fight the best in the world, but would often come up short in the fight.
Anderson is currently ranked #7 in the UFC light heavyweight rankings.
During that time he lived and received training from Townsend and Tricia Saunders.
He also competed as a professional kickboxer and mixed martial artist.
Emilio Frey became its first president and continued in this role during 30 years.
He was kanchō of Aikido Shinwakan, which he established in 2010.
As of April 22, 2017, he is #7 in the official UFC bantamweight rankings.
Apart from his wife and children, Trần left behind a son-in-law, François Beaudin; grandchildren Jasmine and Sandrine; and brothers Trần Triệu Cung and Trần Triệu Lân.
Green became a world champion in kickboxing and was the first British person to do so.
He was considered an expert in the Hung Ga style of Chinese martial arts.
He specializes in Brazilian jiu-jitsu, with the vast majority of his victories resulting from submission techniques.
Jorge Santiago Rodrigues is a retired Brazilian mixed martial artist.
He was also a promoter of Japanese emigration to Brazil.
Estevan Payan is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Featherweight division of Titan FC.
As of 1 August 2017, he is ranked the #4 heavyweight in the world by CombatPress.com.
In the 1920s he took part 1924 Summer Olympics and 1928 Summer Olympics.
Since 2004, she is a member of the Akca Sport Club in Sultanbeyli, Istanbul, where she is coached by Niyazi Akca.
Ninomiya described him as his "first and only karate teacher".
He died from a heart attack in December 2011.
Rony Sefo is a former two-time World Champion New Zealand kickboxer and mixed martial artist, who fought on Pride Fighting Championships and K-1.
Ryan Michale Benoit is an American mixed martial artist who competes in the flyweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
He lost his belt in his first title defense against Michael Bisping.
Iuri Alcântara also known as Yuri Alcântara is a Brazilian mixed martial artist who competes in the UFC bantamweight division.
During practice with his students, Yang Shaohou was not known for pulling his punches.
Jean Jacques Machado is one of the five Machado brothers, including Carlos, Roger, Rigan and John, renowned for their Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu skills.
Ohio State Black Belt Open Champion, 1972
Tarec Robert Saffiedine is a Belgian-Lebanese professional mixed martial artist who currently competes in the Welterweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Rob Broughton is an English mixed martial artist who most recently competed in the Heavyweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Hein is currently signed with the UFC, and competes in the Lightweight division.
James Lee Irvin is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Middleweight division of Bellator MMA.
A professional mixed martial artist since 2009, Foster has competed for Bellator, holding a record of 3–6 with the promotion.
Melvin Paul Guillard, Jr. is an American mixed martial artist who competes in the Welterweight division.
A professional competitor since 2007, Jung has also formerly competed for the WEC, Pancrase, World Victory Road, and DEEP.
Masayuki Naruse is a Japanese professional wrestler and mixed martial artist, competing in the light heavyweight division.
Pramuk in 2010, but the fight was delayed due to scheduling conflicts.
Peter Consterdine is a British martial artist who holds a 9th Dan in karate.
Hideo Ochi is a Japanese master of karate.
As a young man he was known to take on any challenges.
He is a former King of the Cage Super Heavyweight Champion.
He competed in the Heavyweight and Super heavyweight division.
Instead, he began training in Kyokushin karate in 1969.
Sankyo — a solo form that explored three-dimensional, spherical movement
Matt Ricehouse is an American professional mixed martial artist who most recently competed for the Strikeforce promotion.
He is also a former IGF Champion.
He was also known as Shinsuke, or Shinzaemon.
He is ranked #10 in the world by BoxRec as of May 2017.
Andre Fili is an American mixed martial artist who competes in the Featherweight division.
He received a silver medal at the 1956 World Judo Championships in Tokyo, behind winner Shokichi Natsui.
He first called his art "Yu Sul" or "Yawara" later changing it to "Yu Kwon Sool" and "Hap Ki Yu Kwon Sool" and eventually Hapkido.
He currently fights in the UFC in the lightweight division.
Tony Fryklund is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in Bellator's Lightweight division.
Antônio Carlos Silva is a Brazilian mixed martial artist who formerly competed in the heavyweight division of the UFC.
He also served in the South Korean army where he fought against the North and later developed Taekwon-Do.
She has also fought in Invicta FC.
Amaya is a former Art of Fighting Welterweight Champion.
In his career, Miller beat Robbie Lawler, Tim Kennedy, Denis Kang and Kazushi Sakuraba, among others.
He is a 3rd degree black belt in Tae Kwon Do and also holds a black belt in Hapkido, Kenpō Karate, and Tang Soo Do.
Edgar García is a Mexican mixed martial artist.
Shuichiro Katsumura is a Japanese mixed martial artist.
In August 2012, Bautista signed a contract with Classic Entertainment & Sports to fight in mixed martial arts.
He lost the WBA Minimumweight title on April 19, 2011 to Muhammad Rachman by KO.
He was born in Fujian in 1950, of Hui Chinese descent.
Team Koscheck, and has also competed for M-1 Global.
He is a former WEC Light Heavyweight Champion.
Bertrand Amoussou-Guenou is a retired French mixed martial artist and judoka.
He became the Heavyweight King of Pancrase on May 30, 2007, defeating Tatsuya Mizuno.
A professional competitor since 2005, Cantwell was the last reigning WEC Light Heavyweight Champion.
Stefan Janos is a German Sambo and Judo practitioner who won the Silver Medal at the 2008 World Sambo Championships, in Men's Combat Sambo.
He founded the Gosoku-ryu style of karate, and is the founder and president of the International Karate Association.
A professional competitor from 2007 until 2015, Munoz also formerly competed for the WEC.
The Fuzhou Martial Arts Association has published an official statement refuting the results of Tokashiki Iken's research regarding Ryu Ryu Ko.
He lost in the Submission at 1R 10:00 to Fedor Emelianenko.
Lucian Danilencu is a Romanian-Italian kickboxer who competes in the light heavyweight and heavyweight divisions.
He competed in the Lightweight and Welterweight divisions.
He is also ranked as the #69 Light Heavyweight fighter in the world by FightMatrix.com.
Talita Nogueira is most notable for being the 2011 World Jiu-Jitsu Championship winner.
Peter 'Drago' Sell, is an American mixed martial artist specializing in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu.
He holds notable wins over Volk Han and Travis Fulton, and has fought Bobby Hoffman and Renato Sobral.
Tadashi Yamashita is a Japanese American martial artist and actor.
In addition to the UFC, Ebersole has competed in Shooto, Strikeforce, the San Jose Razorclaws of the IFL and King of the Cage.
Before signing with the UFC, Tamura fought for the Shooto organization.
In Brazil, Eduardo Fraga competed in the MMA Vale Tudo tournaments from 1995 to 1997.
Guido Martín Cannetti Álvarez is an Argentine mixed martial artist who currently competes in the Bantamweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
She is the mother of martial arts film star, Donnie Yen.
Yohan Lidon is a French Muay Thai kickboxer who is famous for his aggressive fighting style and knockout power.
Ricardo Fyeet is a Dutch professional kickboxer and former mixed martial arts fighter.
Hugo had the reputation as one of the best Brazilian heavy weight fighters during his time.
She won 12 consecutive MMA fights, six in the Ultimate Fighting Championship, before suffering her first loss, to Holly Holm in November of 2015.
He is the former SuperBrawl Middleweight Champion, and also won the X-1 Middleweight Tournament.
Abe is most notable for training female mixed martial arts veteran and Bellator Fighting Championships finalist, Megumi Fujii.
He was even afraid that nobody would know what Taekwon-do would be, he asked people to cover his coffin with the words TAEKWON-DO.
William Campuzano is a Mexican-American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Bantamweight division.
His father, Anji Motobu Chōshin was a descendent of Prince Shō Kōshin, the sixth son of Okinawan King Shō Shitsu.
John Michael Marsh is a retired American mixed martial artist who has competed for the UFC, Pride Fighting Championships and International Fight League.
Hughes was inducted into the UFC Hall of Fame in May 2010 during the UFC Fan Expo in conjunction with UFC 114.
He lost his last fight at UFC 41 against Gan McGee on February 28, 2003.
He currently lives in Philadelphia, PA where he teaches at Balance Studios which he co-owns with his brother, Phil Migliarese.
Following a career in the South Korean military, he emigrated to the United States of America in the late 1960s.
He trains with local powerhouse MMA Masters in Miami, Florida and Team Top Notch in Villa Park, Illinois.
Cristiano competed in the Brazilian National Jiu-Jitsu Championship in 1998, 1999 and again in 2001.
Guy Buyens and Dr. Carl De Crée.
Phillip Miller is an American former mixed martial artist who retired undefeated and competed in the Middleweight division.
Din Yero Thomas is a retired American mixed martial artist who was featured on The Ultimate Fighter 4: The Comeback.
Rigan Machado is an 8th degree red and black belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, earning his rank under Carlos Gracie Jr.
Jake Rosholt is an American mixed martial artist and former collegiate amateur wrestler.
He was the reigning Ultimate Warrior Challenge Bantamweight Champion when he joined the UFC.
According to Clint George, one of Hikitsuchi’s former students who trained in Shingu for 15 years, “Shingu bojutsu” consisted of these levels:
His name appeared in several police records and has also been used in big court cases.
Blair Tugman is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the Featherweight division of Bellator MMA.
Oleksiy Oleksiyovych Oliynyk is a Ukrainian-Russian mixed martial artist, jujitsuka, combat sambist and grappler currently signed with the Ultimate Fighting Championship, competing in their heavyweight division.
He has a 3rd Dan black belt in karate and is the winner of multiple European Karate Championships, and a World Karate Championship.
Chen recorded Yang's teachings in three books under his own name: Taijiquan shu, Taiji jian, and Taijiquan da wen.
He holds a black belt under Ricardo Vieira and currently represents ADCC in Turkey.
He is the current Shooto Flyweight Champion.
He competed in the Welterweight, Middleweight and Light heavyweight divisions.
These days Smith co-owns a boxing gym called Boxing Alley.
She has a notable victory over Yuka Tsuji and was the final Valkyrie Featherweight Champion.
He is currently fighting out of Rumble Sports, Copenhagen, Denmark, while representing Kaisho Martial Arts, Helsingborg, Sweden in Grappling.
Bernard "Swiftkick" Robinson is a former three-time world kickboxing champion.
Ljubomir Vračarević, was a Serbian martial artist and founder of Real Aikido.
He was named a defensive tackle for the Minnesota Vikings, but was cut prior to the start of the 2004 season.
Hiroshi Shirai is a Japanese master of Shotokan karate.
A professional since 2009, he has competed for Strikeforce.
Keiko Tamai is a Japanese mixed martial arts fighter.
Once he began, he knew this was his calling and gave it his all, training two practices a day.
He is the son of Robson Gracie and brother to Charles Gracie, Renzo Gracie and the late Ryan Gracie of the Gracie family.
His first coaches of BJJ were Marcio Pinheiro and Gerson Velasco, and he stayed under their guidance until he was a purple belt.
Today Nino Schembri teaches at his own gym located in Lawndale, California.
Yang style 43 form has high and low stands, beautiful circular moves and powerful yet relaxed actions with much details.
He has a professional MMA record of 11-13-0 as of December 31, 2003.
Yoel Romero Palacio is a Cuban mixed martial artist and former World Champion and Olympic silver medalist in freestyle wrestling.
He was a Great Britain and England international spending nine years as a regular squad member of the Great Britain Karate squad.
Daniil Sapljoshin is an Estonian heavyweight kickboxer.
Marat Grigorian is an Armenian-Belgian Middleweight kickboxer currently fighting in GLORY, famous for his aggressive fighting style and knockout power.
He is currently signed with the UFC.
War Machine is an American former professional mixed martial artist, pornographic actor and convicted felon.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics she fought against Ryoko Tani and Wu Shugen, but lost both matches.
A professional competitor since 2005, he appeared in the Japanese MMA event Dynamite!!
On April 6, 2013 Relson was promoted to rank of grandmaster the highest possible belt awarded to living individuals in Gracie/Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.
In November, Browne produced another positive drug test.
Dr. Shaner's thesis culminated in the book The Bodymind Experience in Japanese Buddhism: A Phenomenological Study of Kukai and Dogen.
Tatsuo Suzuki Yokohama, Japan was an 8th Dan Japanese karateka instrumental in spreading the martial art of Wadō-ryū karate to Europe and the United States.
Since the fights were stopped prematurely, 12 martial artists have historically been remembered as "the champion".
Rolles Gracie Jr. is a Brazilian professional mixed martial artist, pro-wrestler and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu practitioner.
Adachi's last bout was in 2006 and he formally retired from mixed martial arts in 2008.
As of March 8, 2016, he is ranked #13 in official UFC welterweight rankings.
Kevin recently got refused from Coppers and his two friends left him outside on his own.
Simeone George Pesare was an American martial artist born in Providence, Rhode Island.
Over the next six years she amassed a record of 13 wins and one loss, while also becoming the inaugural Krush Women's Champion in March 2014.
Hiromitsu Kanehara) is a Japanese mixed martial artist of Korean descent who competes in the Light Heavyweight division.
He was the first person to have been awarded 10th degree red belt rank in Kodokan judo, although posthumously.
He received his black belt at the age of 18 from Romero "Jacaré" Cavalcanti.
Joseph Kwadjo is a former Universal Boxing Organisation Intercontinental and IBF Australasian Super middleweight champion.
He lost his debut to It's Showtime Reality winner Sem Braan but impressed enough to be invited back for further matches.
Phil is the Head of Team Balance International.
Ott fought in local events before signing with Bellator Fighting Championships in 2010.
Chad Griggs is an American mixed martial artist who most recently competed in the UFC's Light Heavyweight division.
Bruckmann currently teaches Brazilian jiu-jitsu at Bruckmann Martial arts in Oshawa, Ontario.
Glunder holds notable wins over top contenders Cheick Kongo, Valentijn Overeem, Joe Riggs, Melvin Manhoef, Cyrille Diabaté, Brian Douwes and Gregory Tony.
Demetrious Khrisna Johnson is an American mixed martial artist.
Scott Roger Jorgensen is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the Bantamweight division.
Fabiano "Cyclone" Goncalves Aoki is a Brazilian light heavyweight kickboxer, fighting out of TARGET team in Japan.
Jordan Radev is a Bulgarian wrestler and professional mixed martial artist.
Cheng Man-ch'ing or Zheng Manqing was born in Yongjia, Zhejiang Province.
Lucie Ignace is a French karateka born December 16, 1992 in Saint-Denis, Réunion.
Miyahira created the Shido-kan branch of Kobayashi Shorin-ryu after the death of his teacher, Chōshin Chibana.
Nobuyoshi Tamura was a prominent aikidoka and a direct student of Morihei Ueshiba.
He was a junior national champion in Judo in 1988, and a competitive BJJ grappler.
Over the course of his career he fought Vernon White, Minoru Suzuki, and Marco Ruas.
Teruyuki Hashimoto is a Japanese mixed martial artist.
Ian Jacobs made a comeback to Kickboxing in November 2009, at Tarik Solak's A-1 8 man eliminator tournament.
She started working as a coach for Turkish taekwondo club Ankaragücü in 2011.
Robin was trained by his father Hélio, and his brothers Royler Gracie, Rolker Gracie and Royce Gracie.
He got the silver medal in the Games of the Soviet nations and he was a three-time champion of the Caucasus.
He graduated from Yongin University with a Bachelor of Science in Physical Education and was President of the National Collegiate Taekwondo Association from 1986 to 2007.
He is current Strawweight One Championship champion and was a former kickboxer.
James Leo Krause is an American professional mixed martial artist and entrepreneur, currently competing in the lightweight division of the UFC.
Isao Machii is a Japanese Iaido master in Kawanishi, Hyōgo, Japan.
He is fighting out of Muay Thai Plaza 2004 camp, Bangkok, Thailand.
He played the starring role in the television series Walker, Texas Ranger from 1993 until 2001.
The latest achievement of Komanov was at the first KWU European championship which was held on June 3–4, 2016 in Belgrade, Serbia.
Arneil is the founder and President of the International Federation of Karate, holds the rank of 10th dan, and holds the title Hanshi.
"Wicky" Akiyo Nishiura is a Japanese professional mixed martial artist and kickboxer.
Amir Perets is an Israeli-born mixed martial artist, entrepreneur, and active participant in Fight Science featured on the National Geographic Channel.
Chatri Trisiripisal, known by his ring names as Chatri Sityodtong and Yodchatri Sityodtong, is an entrepreneur and a martial artist from Thailand.
He was born in Kadoma, Osaka, and lives in Yokohama, Kanagawa.
Nicholas Delton Thompson is a retired American mixed martial artist.
She is also a former World Kickboxing Association champion.
He is internationally known as Bob Schreiber because the Dutch vowel 'ij' is very uncommon in other languages.
Nicolas Dalby is a Danish mixed martial artist, competing in the welterweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Another disciple, Li Jingyan, created the Hulei style Taijiquan by combining his art with other martial arts popular in the local area where he lived.
She announced her formal retirement from MMA on August 1, 2013.
His primary teacher was Chosin Chibana, founder of Kobayashi Shorin-ryu; however, Nakama also studied with Chomo Hanashiro, Chōtoku Kyan, Kenwa Mabuni, Choki Motobu, and Kentsu Yabu.
She was the first Invicta FC Atomweight Champion.
Tsotne Rogava is a Ukrainian super heavyweight Muay Thai kickboxer, fighting out of the Captain Odessa gym in Odessa.
An aggressive fighter possessing good boxing skills and a powerful spinning back kick to the midsection, Alexio retired with an impressive 92% KO ratio.
In 1986, he founded the Plum Blossom International Federation.
He graduated from high school at the age of 15 and went to college.
"Lion" Takeshi Inoue is a Japanese mixed martial artist currently fighting as a lightweight in the Shooto organization.
Vladimír Moravčík is a Slovakian middleweight Muay Thai Fighter.
A professional competitor since 2011, Potts formerly competed for the UFC.
Jordan Watson is an English Muay Thai kickboxer who competes in the middleweight division.
A professional competitor since 2001, Jabouin has also formerly competed for the WEC.
Ryo Chonan is a retired Japanese professional mixed martial artist.
world title 2011 at the 2 The Maxx tournament in Hoogeveen.
Bader formerly competed for the UFC in the Light Heavyweight division, where he obtained an overall record of 15-5 inside the Octagon.
Mihail Apostolov is a Bulgarian mixed martial artist who competed in the heavyweight division.
Nicolas Wamba-Barzic, is a French heavyweight kickboxer, WKN World Super Heavyweight Kickboxing Champion, managed by WKN Top Team.
George Sullivan is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the Welterweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Ma Jiangbao was a well known teacher of Wu-style t'ai chi ch'uan.
Jason High is an American mixed martial artist who formerly competed in the Lightweight division of the World Series of Fighting.
Following an illustrious early career in the martial arts, he served in the Imperial Japanese Army before and during World War II.
He fought as a professional mixed martial artist from Paraesta Matsudo in Matsudo, Chiba Prefecture beginning in 2000.
Vagner Rocha is a Brazilian-American Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu practitioner and professional mixed martial artist, currently competing in the lightweight division.
He currently competes in the heavyweight division.
He was a cast member and winner of Spike TV's The Ultimate Fighter: Team Nogueira vs.
A professional competitor since 2005, Formiga is the former Shooto South America 123-pound champion.
He is the former Head Grappling coach at both Xtreme Couture Las Vegas and Alliance MMA.
He is also one of 18 fighters to compete in the -77 kg division at the ADCC Submission Wrestling World Championships in 2005.
His recurrent matches with Marcus Almeida are among Jiu-Jitsu's most famous rivalries.
According to various accounts, he was born in Shaowu, Nanping, Fujian during the Southern Song dynasty and lived for over 307 years until the mid-Ming dynasty.
Adam Piccolotti is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in Bellator's lightweight division.
Reese Paul Andy is an American mixed martial artist.
Nicholas "Nico" Musoke is a Swedish mixed martial artist who competes in the Welterweight division.
He was the inaugural Bellator Light Heavyweight Champion.
Caio Terra is a Brazilian Jiu Jitsu competitor and world champion.
As of 24 July 2017, he is ranked the #10 welterweight in the world by LiverKick.com.
Penn soon-after secured his initial world title with K-1, submitting Takanori Gomi for the Rumble on the Rock Lightweight Championship.
Stefan "Blitz" Leko is a Croatian-German heavyweight kickboxer.
In the 1970s, he helped make South Florida a capital for the then new sport.
Julianna is the younger sister of former KREM 2 reporter and morning/noon meteorologist Grace Peña.
She continued to teach her art in the San Francisco Bay Area until her death in 2013.
He was also a competitor on the 15th season of The Ultimate Fighter.
Kiyoshi Tamura is a Japanese middleweight professional wrestler and mixed martial artist.
Sherk competed in the Ultimate Fighting Championship and was one of the first combatants to have been a championship competitor in multiple weight divisions.
Mac Danzig is a American mixed martial artist, who competed as a lightweight in several MMA promotions, most notably the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
He has fought throughout his career exclusively for the Shooto organization and is currently a part of Shooto's provisional association.
She is a manifold World Champion and European Champion in Kickboxing.
Siamak "Matt" Ghaffari is an Iranian-American amateur wrestler, MMA Fighter and professional wrestler.
Moiseev has already faced some good names in his division such as Marat Grigorian, Josh Jauncey, Jonay Risco, Serginio Kanters and Max Baumert.
Michael Wayne Burnett is a former American mixed martial artist who was a member of the fight team the Lion's Den.
Andrei Ostrovanu is a Romanian professional kickboxer who competes in the middleweight division.
A professional competitor since 2006, Herman has competed in the UFC, Bellator, EliteXC, World Victory Road, ShoXC, and Shark Fights.
He was runner up in the middleweight tournament after losing to Hector Lombard.
He began his aikido practice in 1946 under Koichi Tohei, then the chief instructor at Aikikai Honbu Dojo.
In his Pride debut, he suffered his only loss against Dutchman Alistair Overeem at Pride 24.
Ky Conrad Hollenbeck is an American Muay Thai kickboxer who competes in the middleweight division.
He holds notable K-1 wins over Sam Greco, Andy Hug, Remy Bonjasky, Ernesto Hoost, Peter Aerts and Stefan Leko.
In 1999, he received the medal of "Chevalier de l'ordre National du Mérite" from the French government.
Brian Rogers is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the Middleweight division of Bellator MMA.
Not only was he an extraordinary student but he also helped as his teachers' translator.
Min-soo holds a notable kickboxing win over former UFC fighter Scott Junk.
He defeated eight world champions from five weight divisions, four of them during their championship reigns.
Junie Allen Browning is an American mixed martial artist.
Brian Foster is an American mixed martial artist and kickboxer currently competing for the World Series of Fighting.
A special Congress of the ITF and memorial was held at the People's Palace of Culture in Pyongyang on September 22, 2002, after Choi's death.
Kishaba's younger brother Chogi Kishaba is also an Okinawan martial arts master.
Harada holds the rank of 5th dan, personally awarded by Gichin Funakoshi in 1956.
Dave Vitkay is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the middleweight division of Bellator MMA.
Daniel Gallemore is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Heavyweight division of the Victory Fighting Championship .
The current President is Zensei Gushiken, who took office in 2008.
She also co-authored the book "Wu Style Tai Chi Fast Form" with Grand Master Ma and Grand Master Wu.
He was Prime Minister from 1999 to 2000, President from 2000 to 2008, and again Prime Minister from 2008 to 2012.
In 1957, Patterson opened the first karate school in Tennessee, and in 1963 organized the first karate tournament in the state.
Chang Ung was reported to have been executed in August 2014 for corruption.
She fought a gold medal at the 16th Balkan Children and Seniors Karate Championships in Herceg Novi, Montenegro in 2012.
and was a former Pancrase Super Flyweight Champion.
He has fought for a variety of Mixed martial arts promotions, including the Ultimate Fighting Championship, TKO Major League MMA, and King of the Cage.
Kernspecht started his combat sports training with wrestling and worked as a professional wrestler, also becoming a pioneer of powerlifting in Germany.
Keith Berry is an American mixed martial artist who competes in Bellator's Middleweight division.
Jesse Lennox is an American mixed martial artist.
The Wu family were originally of Manchu ancestry.
A professional competitor since 2007, he has also formerly competed for Strikeforce, MFC, Titan FC, and Bellator.
He is the former Lumpinee Stadium bantamweight champion and former Rajadamnern light flyweight and Rajadamnern mini flyweight champion.
Yim Wing Chun later married Leung Bok-Chau, a salt merchant, who named the art "Wing Chun Kuen" after her.
Héctor Urbina is an American mixed martial artist.
As of June 6th 2017, Diaz is #8 in official UFC lightweight rankings.
Rob van Esdonk is a Dutch former kickboxer and mixed martial artist who competed in the heavyweight division.
She is best known for being the first Asian-American and first woman outside of Brazil to be promoted to black belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.
In 1997 after his father's death, Takayoshi took the position as the second Sōke of the Matsubayashi-ryu Karate-do system.
Barnatt received his nickname "Bigslow" from brothers John Maguire and Tommy Maguire, for his size and being slow in response to their jokes and insults.
Marlon Sandro is a Brazilian mixed martial artist currently competing in the Featherweight division of Bellator MMA.
Kunioku was scheduled to face Vincent Latoel at Fury 2 on October 9, 2010 in Macau.
Clubs of Real Aikido were host to more than 120,000 students.
In 1997, Jiu-Jitsu Federation of Rio de Janeiro held a tournament named Copa 70 anos Mestre Geny Rebello in commemoration of his 70th anniversary.
The following year, he became the All Japan champion in kumite as well as kata.
A professional MMA competitor since 2007, Corassani has made a name for himself fighting mainly in Western Europe.
A professional competitor since 2005, Diekmann has also formerly competed for the WEC and CES MMA.
Wayne Barrett is an American kickboxer who competes in the cruiserweight division.
Travis Wiuff is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the Heavyweight division.
He holds a professional record of 13 wins and seven losses.
A professional competitor since 2005, High has also competed for Strikeforce, Affliction, Titan FC, DREAM and the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
He was a UFC Heavyweight Champion, a three-time King of Pancrase world champion, and finished his career on a 22 fight unbeaten streak.
He is currently signed with Rizin Fighting Federation and Bellator MMA.
He was a competitor on The Ultimate Fighter: Brazil.
After the war, he taught judo at the Budokwai and worked in Japanese language services at the BBC.
Jean-Charles Skarbowsky is a French former kickboxer and 3-times European Muay Thai champion.
He is the Head Instructor of Babalu's Iron Gym Cerritos and has a Luta Livre black belt.
Andre Mannaart is a Dutch former kickboxer and mixed martial artist.
Robert Berridge is a Retired New Zealand professional Light Heavyweight boxer.
He was a former UFC Middleweight Champion and was also the first American to win the Pancrase Neo-Blood tournament in Tokyo, Japan.
Angi was inducted into the Isshin-ryū Hall of Fame in 1997.
He is also known as the "busiest" fighter in the UFC, due to consistently having at least four fights per year since 2013.
In almost all cases of corked wine the wine's native aromas are reduced significantly, and a very tainted wine is quite unpalatable, although harmless.
In TNA, Shamrock is a one-time NWA World Heavyweight Champion and a 2002 Gauntlet for the Gold winner.
He was among the first flyweight fighters to fight in the UFC, Urushitani is currently signed to One Fighting Championship.
Geo Omori was a Japanese-born Brazilian martial artist, and one of the creators of judo-based martial arts in Brazil.
He trained with Andy Hug from 1992 to 2000.
A short stint in shoot boxing towards the end of his career in the mid-1990s resulted in another world title in that discipline.
Souza is a three time black belt Brazilian jiu-jitsu world champion and adcc silver medalist.
Bronze medalist in the 2016 Rio Olympics.
She has fought in Invicta FC and Bellator.
He formerly competed in Strikeforce, where he was at one time Strikeforce Light Heavyweight Champion.
Yang Shaohou studied with his father Yang Jianhou and also with his uncle Yang Banhou.
He had to retire early in his career because of a serious ankle injury.
In 1938 he became an assistant professor at Kenkoku University in Manchukuo.
He lost the WBC Strawweight title on February 11, 2011 to Kazuto Ioka by KO.
He originates from Kosovo but relocated to Switzerland at an early age where he began training in Muay Thai at fifteen.
Tsuyoshi "TK" Kohsaka is a Japanese mixed martial artist and professional wrestler.
His name can be written as Salikhov Muslim or Muslim Salihov.
In the early twentieth century, he published a book documenting all five classical kata of this koryū that originates from the sixteenth century.
Matt Van Buren is an American mixed martial artist who competed in the light heavyweight division for the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Hayato Sakurai is a Japanese mixed martial artist.
Carmelo Marrero is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Heavyweight division.
Josh Appelt is an American mixed martial artist who competes in Bellator's Heavyweight division.
He has also served as head instructor on the board of directors for the Ving Tsun Athletic association from 1996-1997.
Under Pak's guidance, the Iowa State Tae Kwon Do Club has won multiple national collegiate championships.
He was Olympic taekwondo coach for the Netherlands at the 2000 and 2004 Summer Olympics, and was later national taekwondo coach for France.
He is currently under contract for Bellator MMA.
He is known for a number of competitive accomplishments earned both prior to and following his promotion to black belt.
Hamasaki won the first Jewels 115 lb Queen tournament to become the first lightweight champion of the promotion.
Kin Taiei is a Korean-Japanese light heavyweight karateka, kickboxer and mixed martial artist competing in K-1 and DREAM.
Alvarez is ranked the #3 lightweight in the world by Sherdog.
Chang Ung is the president of one of the 3 International Taekwon-Do Federations, and a member of the International Olympic Committee.
A professional competitor since 2010, he has also competed for the MFC.
Prior to fighting for the UFC, he became the first American Gold medalist of the World Jiu-Jitsu Championship.
Many Shihan loyal to Kuniba have affiliated with Kuniba-Kai, headed by Kozo Kuniba and Kosuke Kuniba.
As of 24 July 2017, he is ranked the #4 lightweight in the world by LiverKick.com.
Michael "Mike" Stone is an American martial artist, retired karate fighter, fight choreographer, stuntman, actor, author, and motivational speaker.
He has been training and teaching Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu for over 50 years and at present holds the rank of 7th degree black and red belt.
He is the inaugural winner of Globo's The Ultimate Fighter: Brazil.
On December 17, 1994 Yamada advanced to the finals of the King of Pancrase Tournament where he lost to Ken Shamrock via unanimous decision.
Jason L. Lambert is an American mixed martial artist who has competed as a Heavyweight, Light Heavyweight, and Middleweight.
The police brought him into questioning, and the whole incident was reported to the Kyokushinkai Honbu Dojo.
In April 2009, when Sherdog ran an article entitled Phillip Miller: Where Is He Now?, Miller was a serving member of the LAPD.
Eduardo Dantas is a Brazilian professional mixed martial artist who competes in the bantamweight division.
She started training kickboxing in 2004, but switched to Muay Thai in 2010.
She is currently ranked as a contender strawweight fighter according to the Unified Women's Mixed Martial Arts Rankings.
He then travelled to Chongqing, where he co-ordinated activities against the Japanese.
Chen studied with two outstanding eighteenth generation Chen Style Taijiquan experts, Hong Junsheng and Feng Zhiqiang.
Chike George Lindsay-Ajudua is an American Muay Thai kickboxer who competes in the Middleweight division.
Slice competed in The Ultimate Fighter: Heavyweights, where he lost in his first fight to series winner Roy Nelson.
Shūgorō Nakazato was a Japanese martial artist.
Patrick Joseph Barry is an American kickboxer and former mixed martial artist who competed in the heavyweight division.
Karl Geis was a judo, aikido, and jodo instructor.
A professional MMA competitor since 2007, Dantas has mostly fought for Shooto Brazil, where he has competed for the Shooto 132-pound world title.
Mark Holst is a Canadian mixed martial artist from Ottawa, Ontario, who has fought in the UFC.
As of 24 July 2017, he is ranked the #2 middleweight in the world by LiverKick.com.
He is currently an instructor of the Japan Karate Association.
The highlight of Gerald's career was at UFC 44, where he took on top lightweight, Josh Thomson - losing in the first round by KO.
Kanō was also a pioneer of international sports.
Max Ryan is a British action film star and former motocross racer.
Arnold Allen is an English mixed martial artist who competes in the Featherweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Two stories exist in oral tradition about this kick.
Shōgō Kuniba was a Japanese teacher of karate and iaido
Jim Wallhead is an English professional mixed martial artist who competes in the Welterweight division.
In a career which lasted from 1849 until 1860, he lost only one of sixteen bouts.
In 2005 Smith made her pro debut against World Kicking Champion Sue Glassey.
Jose Vega is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the bantamweight division.
He is a Professor of Intellectual History of the Japanese Martial Arts at Waseda University and author of several works on the subject.
Poppies Martinez is a Native American professional mixed martial artist of the Tachi Yokuts tribe currently competing in the Lightweight division of Bellator.
Genair Martins da Silva Junior is a Brazilian mixed martial artist who competed in Bellator Fighting Championships' featherweight division.
He currently holds the longest active championship reign at ten title defenses.
A professional competitor since 2007, Pineda has also formerly competed for UFC and EliteXC
He has a 5 and 1 record in his SuperLeague career and is 17 and 3 with It's Showtime as of 29/05/2010.
He has fought for the UFC, King of the Cage, and TKO Major League MMA.
Ché Mills is an English mixed martial artist.
WIth an expanding academy Professor Villardo has also continued his success in competition.
Linke has notably competed in the European Championship, NAGA, Grapplers Quest, ADCC and the Pan American Games.
Serge Mol is a dedicated martial artist, martial arts historian and martial arts book author from Belgium.
He fought and lost to Andy Hug however Hug was unable to walk after the fight.
Returning to Europe, he won his first major title in the form of the 3rd European Championships in 1985 before entering World Open again in 1987.
Tor Troéng is a retired Swedish mixed martial artist previously fighting as a Middleweight for the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Anthony Perosh is a retired Australian professional mixed martial artist who competed in the Light Heavyweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Rafael Hildebrandt Dias is a Brazilian professional mixed martial artist.
He is a former ten time kickboxing world champion.
He holds notable wins over UFC fighters Rick Story and Mike Pierce.
He spent three years in prison before being released.
She holds wins over top mixed martial arts fighters such as Amanda Buckner, Kelly Kobold, Shayna Baszler, Alexis Davis, Julie Kedzie, Sally Krumdiack and Takayo Hashi.
When Marion Reneau is not fighting she is a PE teacher at Farmersville High School.
She counts IBF Super Middleweight contender Librado Andrade, a long-time sparring partner, among her close friends.
He last competed in the UFC in their Bantamweight division.
She is current signed by Invicta FC in the Women's Bantamweight division.
As a young man, he moved to Las Vegas, Nevada to begin college.
A 2015 ESPN.com article referred to Lesnar as "the most accomplished athlete in professional wrestling history".
He is signed to the Ultimate Fighting Championship, currently competing in the Heavyweight division.
Victor Kan is a student of the late Yip Man and began his Wing Chun instruction at the age of 13 years in Hong Kong.
Vakhitov is the current Glory Light Heavyweight Champion.
Jeremiah Metcalf is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the Welterweight division.
Ng Mui is said to have been one of the legendary Five Elders—survivors of the destruction of the Shaolin Temple by the Qing Dynasty.
Louis J. Gaudinot is an American professional mixed martial artist who formerly competed in the UFC's Flyweight division.
Kitaoka is renowned for his submission grappling abilities and is the reigning Brazilian jiu-jitsu and No-Gi Open Champion in both the 79.7-kilogram and Absolute divisions.
Koetsu Okazaki is a professional Japanese mixed martial artist who currently competes in the Bantamweight division for ONE Championship.
He was elected as an independent candidate on the party list of the Social Democratic Party.
Justino won the Strikeforce title on August 15, 2009, by defeating Gina Carano via first-round TKO.
Choi is the founder and head of the Choi Kwang Do international martial art organization, with headquarters in Atlanta, Georgia, USA.
Marco's brother brought him into the Gracie Barra school.
He also had the most 'sub-minute' KO wins in UFC History with 5.
As of October 04, 2016, he is #3 in the official UFC Bantamweight rankings.
He is currently #2 in official UFC Lightweight rankings.
He created four primary forms, symbolizing each of the four natural elements.
Steen was a business student at the University of Texas when he began studying under Jhoon Rhee in 1959.
Bobby "The Truth" Hoffman is a retired American mixed martial artist who competed in the Heavyweight division.
She currently competes in the 135-pound bantamweight division.
Yaotzin Meza is an American mixed martial artist who competes in the bantamweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
He started training in martial arts under three time world kickboxing champion Jim Boucher in Belleville, Illinois.
He was a notable officer of the International Taekwon-Do Federation during Choi Hong Hi's leadership.
He won a number of world and European titles at amateur level.
Seishiro "Henry" Okazaki was a Japanese American healer, martial artist, and founder of Danzan Ryu jujitsu.
Yohei Suzuki is a Japanese mixed martial artist.
The fifth generation President was Eiki Kurashita until 2007.
Shawn Jordan is an American professional mixed martial artist who competes in the World Series of Fighting's Heavyweight division.
Between 1963 and 1973 he served as Aikido teacher to the Japanese Air Force, the Tokyo Riot Control Police, and National Railway Police.
He is also a minor television personality, having appeared in several programs and been referenced by many others.
She is currently signed to Invicta FC.
Many articles contain information about Asato, but the relevant parts are clearly based on Funakoshi's descriptions of him.
He is well known for submitting opponents with a modified guillotine choke nicknamed the McKenzietine.
A professional competitor since 2008, Kakai has also competed for the UFC, Pancrase and Titan FC.
Michinori Tanaka is a Japanese mixed martial artist who competes in the bantamweight division.
As of 1 August 2017, he is ranked the #4 light-heavyweight in the world by CombatPress.com.
He also decisioned future world champions Don Wilson, Ted Pryor, Dale "Apollo" Cook and Bob "Thunder" Thurman.
Michael "Mike" Rhodes is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Welterweight division.
In the beginning, Li Cunyi refused to accept Shang as a student due to his “not-ideal-physique for martial arts”.
Bakouri Gogitidze is a Georgian mixed martial artist.
Koba Tkeshelashvili is a Georgian mixed martial artist.
Nikolai Zouev is a Russian mixed martial artist.
In 1998 in San Jose, California, Peter was honored as the inaugural inductee in the I.S.K.A.
At UFC 82 Coleman was inducted into the UFC Hall of Fame.
David Vieira is a 3rd Degree Black Belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, a BJJ competitor, instructor and a professional Mixed Martial Artist fighter.
He holds notable wins over Rob Kaman and Tomasz Kucharzewski in K-1.
Though he chose such a path, in the end it was still Xingyi Chuan that he remained recognized for, not Yi Chuan nor Liuhebafa.
Alexandra Buch is a German female mixed martial arts fighter.
Yusuke Fujimoto is a Japanese former heavyweight kickboxer who competed in K-1 and was the K-1 World GP 2007 in Hong Kong tournament champion.
She has two sisters Sümeyye and Zehra Rumeysa.
In 2008, he legally changed his name to "War Machine".
Timothy Deane Sylvia is a retired American mixed martial arts fighter, professional wrestler, and former two-time UFC Heavyweight Champion.
A professional competitor since 2005, he has also competed for the UFC, ShoXC, and Strikeforce.
Lindsay GarbattSeptember 25, 1982) is a Canadian female boxer and mixed martial artist.
Sherdog ranks Johnson as the #1 pound-for-pound fighter in mixed martial arts and as the #1 flyweight.
His nickname is based on Friday the 13th film character Jason Voorhees; he wears the Voorhees mask on his walk to the Octagon.
His record stands at 231 wins, 4 draws, and 19 losses.
Ian Entwistle is a former English mixed martial artist who formerly competed in the Bantamweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Darrell Montague is an American mixed martial artist who formerly competed in the Ultimate Fighting Championship' flyweight division.
As an amateur, Jimmerson was the 1983 National Golden Gloves Middleweight champion.
"Kontroll" in Hungarian refers to the act of ticket inspectors checking to ensure a rider has paid their fare.
Marcus Oliveira is a light heavyweight professional boxer fighting out of Lawrence, Kansas.
He wrestled for Mount Union College in Ohio and was the 1992 national champion.
These books are important not only for their content, but because they were among the first taijiquan books published for a mass audience.
Milton Vieira is a Brazilian mixed martial artist currently competing as a Featherweight.
Reece Papuni is a professional light heavyweight boxer.
He was the last surviving member of the club, which was founded in January 1932.
Kunio Tatsuno became Sōke of Motobu-Ha Karate-dō and Kaicho of Seishinkai.
The growth was a result of the 2000s commodities boom, high oil prices, and prudent economic and fiscal policies.
Raika, who has suffered a broken nose and an eye socket fracture in fights, shrugs off the possibility of injuries.
Shepherd has a professional record of 4-0 and most recently defeated George Halder at KOTC Uppercut on March 13, 2010.
She is considered a pioneer of women's combat sports.
Tiffany is also the current Lion Fight Promotions Featherweight Champion and Glory Women's Super Bantamweight Champion.
He is ranked #7 in the official UFC featherweight rankings, and was the featherweight winner of The Ultimate Fighter: Latin America.
Ilonka "Killer Queen" Elmont is a Dutch-Surinamese former professional kickboxer and seven-time World Champion in the Fly-Weight division.
Paik completed the system with his research into training effective kicking techniques.
His most recent win was at the US National Championships in Judo, 1996.
From 1944 to 1969, she taught martial arts at the Wong Fei-hung National Art Society located on Gloucester Road in Hong Kong's Wan Chai area.
His brother is the footballer Ousmane Coulibaly.
Hao Zhihua, also known as Patti Li, is a Chinese wushu practitioner.
During this period he defeated eleven top-10 ranked fighters, in addition to winning a rematch against Kohsaka.
He got into a fight and defeated five persons, who attacked him in the street.
Keinosuke Enoeda was a Japanese master of Shotokan karate.
Felix Mitchell is an American mixed martial artist.
Roger Bowling is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Welterweight division.
As of March 10, 2014, he is ranked the #10 Flyweight in the world by Sherdog, and #15 in official UFC Flyweight rankings.
He tested positive for Boldenone, a banned substance.
Krzysztof Soszyński is a retired Polish-Canadian mixed martial artist who last competed in the Light Heavyweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Vasiliy Sergeyevich Oshchepkov was a researcher of various kinds national wrestling and martial arts, Merited Master of Sports of the USSR, Honored Coach of the USSR.
She competes professionally since 2005 and is the current WBC Muay Thai Bantamweight champion and mixed martial artist.
Suloev had 24 wins on his record with 15 of them in the first round.
As a three-time San Shou Champion & BJJ purple belt, she trains under the guidance of Kirian Fitzgibbons and Cesar Gracie.
On June 6, 2009 Allan won the Middleweight Title for the North American Allied Fight Series, beating two-time UFC veteran Sean Salmon.
A professional competitor since 2009, he has formerly competed for the UFC, Bellator, and Shark Fights.
East Coast vs West Coast Black Belt Champion, 1971
Team Sonnen and also competed for Strikeforce and the UFC.
Amir Aliakbari is an Iranian former Greco-Roman wrestler and current mixed martial artist competing in the Heavyweight division of Rizin.
He competed in the Light heavyweight and Heavyweight divisions.
Patrick Smith is an American kickboxer and mixed martial artist.
Perry Filkins is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in Bellator's Middleweight division.
Jeung had a background in the martial arts of the Hakka people, from his study of Li Mung's family style and the vagrant style.
It is here that he explains the background behind General Choi's reason for choosing Chang Ung as successor.
Braulio de Oliveira Estima is a 3rd degree black belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.
Sak Kaoponlek is a Muay Thai boxer.
Nicknamed "Superfoot", Davis held numerous titles including two world championships.
He is the last It's Showtime 85MAX champion and former Glory Middleweight Champion.
He has competed in various promotions, debuting in Shooto in 2003 and going on to fight in WEC and Bellator Fighting Championship.
Nobuyoshi Higashi is a Japanese American teacher of Tomiki Aikido, karate, and judo, and the founder of Kokushi-ryu jujutsu.
Marcus Öberg is a Swedish middleweight Muay Thai kickboxer fighting out of Malmö Muay Thai Gym in Malmö.
He has competed in every K-1 World Grand Prix except one.
In 1992 Takayoshi called together senior instructors in Okinawa and the United States and formed what is now known as the World Matsubayashi-ryu Karate-do Association.
Cristiano Souza is a Brazilian mixed martial artist who currently competes for the Bellator Fighting Championships in the Welterweight Division.
Proctor was a competitor on The Ultimate Fighter: Live.
Chad Reiner is an American Mixed Martial Artist who currently competes as a welterweight.
Lee attributes significant development of the art to Yim Wing Chun, crediting her with the invention of the Chi Sao exercise.
He was one of the first popular participants in the sport, and enjoyed great fame throughout his career.
Alida Yvette Gray is an American judoka and mixed martial artist.
He also had a successful career in mixed martial arts in England appearing on both Cage Rage and BAMMA cards.
Eric Pele is a retired American mixed martial artist of Samoan descent and former King of the Cage Super Heavyweight Champion.
In April 2016, Kondo transitioned to mixed martial arts by joining Pancrase.
He stepped down from his position in 2017.
As of December 14, 2016, he is #13 in the official UFC bantamweight rankings.
William 'Patolino' Macário is a Brazilian mixed martial artist currently competing as a Welterweight.
In his prime he scored notable wins over, Pat Healy, Marvin Eastman, Akihiro Gono and Murilo Rua.
She has lived in eight different cities over the course of a decade in order to train at different gyms.
Shang was well known for his skill with the Beng Quan.
Carlos Joseph Condit is an American mixed martial artist, competing in the Welterweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
He is perhaps best known for his time spent with Bellator, where he was the inaugural Bellator Welterweight Champion.
Isao Obata was a pioneering Japanese master of Shotokan karate.
She was also a contestant on The Ultimate Fighter: A Champion Will Be Crowned.
Kevin Roddy is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in Bellator's Featherweight division.
Bruno began training Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in 1998 at the age of eleven under Carlos Santana.
Thus, all alone, I could not but fight against them for so long.
He won the Bellator 2012 Summer Series Light Heavyweight Tournament and then the Bellator Light Heavyweight Championship.
Andy Murad is an American mixed martial artist currently competing for Bellator MMA.
He is ranked #10 Featherweight kickboxer of the world from September 2014 by Combat Press.
He is currently ranked the #1 light heavyweight in the world by LiverKick.com, Combat Press and GLORY.
He is a former two-time UFC Heavyweight Champion, with victories over Brock Lesnar and Junior dos Santos.
Following a career in the South Korean military, he emigrated to the United States of America in 1971.
Derrick Mehmen is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Heavyweight division for the Titan Fighting Championships.
Alonzo Martinez is an American professional mixed martial arts fighter.
Following a decision loss to Nonthanan Por.
He also fought EliteXC and PRIDE FC veteran James Thompson at World Victory Road Presents: Sengoku 7 winning via knockout.
Joe Slick is a retired American mixed martial arts fighter.
In November 2016, she announced her retirement from MMA after a loss by decision to Raquel Pennington at UFC 205.
The move was not successful and Higa returned to Okinawa two years later.
He is a graduate of King Kekaulike High School, class of 2002.
Phetmorakot Wor Sangprapai is a Thai Muay Thai kickboxer, originally from the Ubon Ratchathani, Northeast of Thailand, but now fighting out of Bangkok.
Johnny 'Gyro' Potter is an American martial arts instructor, and former competitive karate fighter.
Gibson was one of the United States' greatest kickboxers and is credited with over 100 wins and more than 80 KOs, including around 40 via headkick.
He made his MMA pro debut against Kazushi Sakuraba at the Dream 2: Middleweight Grand Prix 2008 First Round.
Jason William Dent is an American mixed martial artist.
He was named one of the Wisden Cricketers of the Year in 2003.
Sem "Semmy" Schilt is a Dutch former kickboxer, Ashihara karateka, mixed martial artist, one-time Glory Heavyweight Grand Slam Champion and four-time K-1 World Grand Prix Champion.
An Ashihara karate stylist, Kiria is known for mixing crisp boxing with unorthodox kicking techniques.
Muhammed "King Mo" Lawal is an American mixed martial artist.
He is the reigning, defending UFC Heavyweight Champion.
Pozo is a former EBU European Flyweight champion and former WBO Inter-Continental Flyweight champion.
He was defeated in the 2nd round.
James Masayoshi Mitose was a Japanese American martial artist who brought the art of Kenpo to the United States starting in 1936.
He is also the Co-Founder of UWC - Ultimate Warrior Challenge which promotes and organises MMA events.
His title as head of the Gyakushin-Kai organization is “Kancho”.
A fan of comedy since his youth, Rogan began a career in stand-up in August 1988 in the Boston area, developing a blue comedy act.
He was highly decorated by the French Government, including the award of Officer of the Legion of Honour.
He is the current WBC Muay Thai Super Cruiserweight World champion
Willamy Freire is a Brazilian professional mixed martial artist who has fought for Shooto and the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Roy Nelson is an American mixed martial artist who competes in the Heavyweight division of Bellator MMA.
He has made a name for himself mainly fighting on the east coast.
Adam Cella is an American mixed martial artist.
Takashina was the Captain of the Japan team in the 1st World Karate Championships held in Tokyo in 1970 and scored a perfect win.
This was reported by SOF in an article published after the incident.
While practicing and teaching Wing Chun, Chong worked as a lithographer for 20 years.
He is known for his fights in the Ultimate Fighting Championship, where he became the first UFC Welterweight Champion and UFC 16 Welterweight Tournament Winner.
He is a former Jungle Fight Featherweight Champion.
He is a member of Fenerbahçe SK.
He utilizes devastating knee strikes to the body and possesses considerable punching power, especially in his left hook.
Josh Diekmann is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the Heavyweight division of Bellator MMA.
Anton "Rampaging Estonian" Raadik was the most famous Estonian born Middleweight boxer of the 1940s and 1950s fighting out of Chicago, Illinois.
Danyo "Dibuba" Ilunga is a Congolese-German Muay Thai kickboxer currently competing in GLORY.
Often called one of China's 'living treasures,' Chan was featured as such on the cover of Inside Kung Fu magazine in 1996.
Gabrielle "Gabi" Lemos Garcia is a Brazilian Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu practitioner, grappling world champion, and member of the IBJJF Hall of fame.
Carley Gracie is a Brazilian-born American martial artist, a prominent member of the Gracie family, and a jiu-jitsu grandmaster.
Matt Ghaffari was a two-time USA Olympic team member, obtaining a silver medal in the 1996 Atlanta Summer Olympic Games.
He died from liver cancer in 1969.
Hikitsuchi recounts a midnight, lights-out training with Ueshiba, in which he cut off the tip of Ueshiba’s bokken.
He is a four time WBC International Muay Thai Heavyweight Champion and the Dutch Amateur Boxing Heavyweight Champion of 2010.
As of July, 2015 Kianzad is ranked 15th in the world as a bantamweight and 2nd among bantamweights outside of UFC.
He has won the JKA's version of the world championships for kata..
Constantino 'Tino' Ceberano is a karate master who is a key figure in Australian martial arts history.
Carlos Newton is an Anguillian-born Canadian retired mixed martial artist and one of the original MMA pioneers.
Martdee is of Thai and New Zealand descent, with his father from Thailand and mother from New Zealand.
Fight Matrix lists him as the top MMA Welterweight of all time and most accomplished fighter in MMA history.
Mayer first trained in judo by Gunji Koizumi at the Budokwai in the 1920s.
His Martial Arts journey began at the ripe age of 9, dabbling first in Karate, Arnis and Greco-Roman Wrestling.
He was the second UFC Lightweight Champion in the organization's history after Jens Pulver vacated his title 5 years earlier.
The club's eight titles span five consecutive decades.
Przemysław Saleta is a Polish professional boxer, as well as a former kickboxer and mixed martial artist.
She is the first Invicta FC Flyweight Champion.
for the children's writer, see Peter Smit; for the natural history illustrator, see Pierre Jacques Smit
Alexander Yevgenievich Volkov is a Russian mixed martial artist who competes in the UFC heavyweight division.
They took their San Soo Kung Fu black belt test together in 1993, and Hicks was chosen by Hess to corner him for the UFC.
Ivan Jorge is a Brazilian mixed martial artist fighting as a lightweight.
Claire Haigh is a Luxembourgish female kickboxer and mixed martial artist.
Tontchev also represented his native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain.
Eddie Wu Kuang-yu or Wu Guangyu is a Chinese-Canadian t'ai chi ch'uan teacher.
He began his career training out of Birmingham, AL before making the move to Nashville, TN to train with NMMA in 2010.
Joe Rogan has frequently referred to Sanchez as the best "third round fighter" in MMA.
In the semifinals, he defeated Jesse Forbes by guillotine choke in the second round.
Ali Gunyar is a Turkish-Dutch middleweight Muay Thai kickboxer fighting out of Eindhoven, Netherlands for Team Gunyar, where he is trained by his brother Suleyman Gunyar.
Aoki is an A-class Shootist and BJJ black belt, both under his long-term mentor Yuki Nakai, as well as a black belt judoka.
Sato remained affiliated with DDT until January 2014.
Was the inspiration for the character Sagat in the Street Fighter video game.
Fu Zhongwen had dedicated his life to practicing and teaching T'ai chi.
He has competed for the UFC, and WEC.
He is also Nitro Bantamweight Champion, K-Oz Bantamweight Champion and No.
He was born in 1962 in Kanazawa, Ishikawa prefecture, Japan.
James Patrick Reese is an American mixed martial artist.
From 1970-1996, he was employed as a martial arts instructor for the Tokyo Metropolitan Police after a decade of teaching the riot police.
Mike De La Torre is an American mixed martial artist, who competes as a featherweight.
Antoine Jaoude is Brazilian wrestler and a former mixed martial artist.
Former 10-time Muay Thai World Champion and Australian legend John Wayne Parr respectfully refers to him as "the elbow master".
His accomplishments led to him being called the "toughest man who ever lived" and being referred to as the father of Brazilian Jiu-jitsu.
He was based in Hong Kong, China, and sometimes attracted controversy for his attitude and approach to the teaching and practice of his martial art.
T'ai chi enthusiasts from all over the world would come to train with this remarkable man.
This propelled the Ministry of Sports to officially recognize the therapeutic value of T'ai chi.
Between 1916 and 1940, Chu Guiting was heavily involved in martial arts in both Jiangsu and Shanghai.
Jonathan Quinn Brookins is an American mixed martial artist who competed as a featherweight for the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Xhavit Bajrami is an Albanian-Swiss former kickboxer who competed in the heavyweight division.
He is the former MFC Middleweight Champion, TKO Middleweight Champion and TKO Light Heavyweight Champion.
He successfully defended his title against Frank Mir at UFC 146 before losing it in a rematch with Cain.
Wu Ta-hsin or Wu Daxin was a Chinese t'ai chi ch'uan teacher who lived most of his life in Hong Kong.
He trains under Drew Fickett and competes in the 155 lb weight class.
Lorena Klijn is a Dutch kickboxer who competes in the flyweight and bantamweight divisions.
As of 24 July 2017, he is ranked the #5 middleweight in the world by LiverKick.com.
A professional competitor since 2011, Sanchez has also formerly competed for the Resurrection Fighting Alliance.
Martha Salazar is a Retired Mexican female boxer.
He is three time Dutch Muay Thai champion, and K-1 World Grand Prix 2008 in Amsterdam and SUPERKOMBAT Fight Club tournaments champion.
He is the founder of Rhee Taekwon-Do, which is widely publicised as Australia's first and biggest taekwondo school.
Dustin Kimura is an American mixed martial artist, who formerly competed in the Bantamweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Alexandre "Cacareco" Ferreira is a professional mixed martial artist.
Around 1756, Kūsankū was sent to Ryukyu as an ambassador of the Qing Dynasty.
Bidhan Lama is a taekwondo practitioner from Nepal who competed in the −50 kg division.
Shinya Murofushi is a professional mixed martial artist from Japan.
He is the former DEEP Megaton Champion, and has also fought in DREAM, M-1 Global and KSW.
He is K-1 World GP 2005 in Las Vegas and K-1 World Grand Prix 2008 in Taipei tournament champion.
Patrick "Paddy" Holohan, is a retired Irish mixed martial artist who competed in the Flyweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
He has previously fought for King of the Cage and Pacific Xtreme Combat where he was the Flyweight Champion.
He was born March 23, 1976 in Rio de Janeiro Brazil.
He is currently the MFC welterweight Champion and a free agent.
co-founder Lew Hicks, were students of Jerry Peterson, the founder of S.C.A.R.S.
Alexander L. Gustafsson is a Swedish professional mixed martial artist.
Jason Young is an English mixed martial artist.
Rômulo Barral maintained this black belt status in the years that followed with consistent medals at the top BJJ tournaments in the world.
Takashi Nakakura is a Japanese mixed martial artist, and the former Shooto welterweight champion.
Zoila Frausto is an American professional female mixed martial artist.
Amir Ali Sadollah is an American professional mixed martial artist, formerly competing in the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Saulo Cavalari is a Brazilian light heavyweight kickboxer, fighting out of Thai Brasil team in Curitiba, Paraná, Brazil.
Marcus LeVesseur is an American mixed martial artist who most recently competed in the UFC's Lightweight division.
Mika NaganoDecember 29, 1983) is a Japanese female mixed martial artist and professional wrestler.
Like all great martial artists; myths, stories, and legends, which surround them are often mistaken and confused as facts.
A professional competitor since 2005, Clements has also formerly competed for the IFL.
He currently lives in Saitama, Saitama Prefecture.
Tadashi Sawamura is a Japanese former kickboxer whose real name is Hideki Shiraha.
Robert Whiteford is a Scottish mixed martial artist who most recently competed in the Featherweight division of the UFC.
Meng and Rudnicki have written a critical analysis of the legend surrounding Yim Wing Chun.
She holds the rank of 5th dan black belt from the Japan Karatedo Federation, training in Seigokan Goju-ryu karate.
He met Lee in 1959, as they both attended Edison Technical College and practiced judo with Lee.
Team dos Santos, and has also competed for the UFC as well as Strikeforce.
Takayama is well known for his ability to endure massive amounts of punishment, especially after his fight at PRIDE 21 against Don Frye.
Team Miller, and has formerly competed as a Lightweight and Featherweight.
Sergei Gur is a Belarusian former kickboxer from Minsk.
Due to his reputation, his students and admirers referred to him as 'Gong Sau Wong'.
He is recognised in the MMA community for his unorthodox fighting style which originated from freestyle kickboxing and sport karate.
He held the rank of 9th dan in taekwondo.
It ended in chaos when the spectators invaded the ring, and the referee finally declared a draw.
Michelle E. Waterson is an American mixed martial artist who competes in the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
He is the K-1 Fighting Network KHAN 2007 in Seoul champion currently fighting in K-1 MAX and Shoot boxing.
Rory Joseph MacDonald is a Canadian mixed martial artist currently competing in the Welterweight division of Bellator MMA.
Mike Seal is a Mexican mixed martial artist who has fought for Strikeforce, Bellator MMA, Sengoku Raiden Championship and King of the Cage.
Motobu Chōyū was born in Akahira village in Shuri, Okinawa.
Gideon Charles Ray is an American mixed martial arts fighter who was featured on The Ultimate Fighter 4.
Professor Lage awarded Eduardo Fraga his black belt at the age of 22.
He is currently a competitor in DREAM, a major mixed martial arts promotion out of Japan.
Takuya Kuwabara is a Japanese mixed martial artist.
Putin has enjoyed high domestic approval ratings during his career, and received extensive international attention as one of the world's most powerful leaders.
A professional MMA competitor since 2013, he has also previously fought for the World Series of Fighting.
Brian Warren is an American mixed martial arts fighter from San Bernardino, California.
Suguru Shigeno is a Japanese mixed martial artist.
He is currently living in Auckland, New Zealand and training at Balmoral Lee Gar Gym under Lollo Heimuli.
Ludwig was considered the key element in helping Team Alpha Male win Gym of the Year in 2013 by the World MMA Awards.
A professional MMA competitor since 2008, Patrick made a name for himself fighting in his home country of Brazil.
In his professional life, Kanō was an educator.
In the decade from November 2005 through December 2015, Aldo was undefeated in 18 fights.
Vulc had a short professional career, defeating Rodrigo Mendes in the Desert Combat Challenge in Israel and losing twice.
David Jeremy Menne is an American mixed martial artist.
At the age of sixteen, in 1997, he won his first World Kickboxing Association title in Dublin, Ireland.
A professional competitor since 2011, Gallemore has also formerly competed for Titan FC and Bellator MMA.
Yim Wing Chun was well known for her beauty and sold tofu for a living.
Immediately prior to her appointment she was a Justice of the Federal Court of Australia.
After five hard rounds, Lomulder won by decision to Andre Mannaart.
An aggressive and dynamic fighter, Hollenbeck uses a large arsenal of attacks and possesses considerable punching power.
McMann won silver medal in the 2003 world championships and a bronze medal in the 2005 and 2007 world championships.
Allan Weickert is an American professional mixed martial arts fighter.
His younger brother Jared Rosholt followed in his foot steps of wrestling at Oklahoma State and fighting in the UFC.
Daly is well known for her participation in the reality TV series "The Ultimate Fighter: A Champion Will Be Crowned", season 20.
A professional MMA competitor since 2007, Saffiedine has also formerly competed for DREAM and Strikeforce, and was the last Strikeforce Welterweight Champion.
Rick is also one of the co-founders/co-owners of Matrix Fights Promotion Company.
He faced Robin van Roosmalen at Glory 7: Milan in Milan, Italy on April 20, 2013, losing a unanimous decision after getting dropped in round one.
In Sanshou, he is a former International Kickboxing Federation Light Heavyweight World Champion, having a professional Sanshou record of 16–0 before moving to mixed martial arts.
He was awarded the Submission of the year award from the World Jiu Jitsu Expo for his Pan Am 2013 final match.
Anthony Kelly is an Australian martial artist and world record holder.
Flávio Furtado is a Cape Verdean boxer.
Johannes Petrus "Hans" Nijman was a Dutch former professional mixed martial artist and professional wrestler.
A professional competitor since 2007, Shockley has also previously competed for the UFC and Bellator.
Aleksandr N. Pitchkounov is a former Russian super heavyweight kickboxer and kyokushin karateka competing in K-1.
Sun Hwan Chung, also known as James Sun Hwan Chung, is one of the highest-ranking taekwondo grandmasters in the world.
He was KOMA champion in 2005 and a highly ranked fighter at Bangkok's Lumpinee and Rajadamnern stadiums.
He then faced Bulgarian Lyubomir Simeonov at the MAXFIGHT-21 event, in May 27, 2011.
He is a full-time instructor of the Japan Karate Association.
A more recent movie, Kung Fu Wing Chun, Yim Wing Chun was portrayed by Bai Jing and Leung Bok-chau was portrayed by Yu Shaoqun.
Yen is credited by many for contributing to the popularisation of the traditional martial arts style known as Wing Chun.
A professional competitor since 2003, Karalexis was a contestant on The Ultimate Fighter 1, and has also formerly competed for the UFC and WEC.
Takayuki Kubota is a Japanese American master of karate.
Melchor "Mel" Menor is an American kickboxer who competes in Muay Thai.
Kanō was inducted as the first member of the International Judo Federation Hall of Fame on 14 May 1999.
Sasaki is the first of two men ever to hold all three of puroresu's major heavyweight titles, the other being Yoshihiro Takayama.
Luke is also an avid surfer and skateboarder.
He is the winner of multiple European Karate Championships and World Karate Championships medals.
Chatan Yara, also known as Yara Guwa, Ueekata, and Yomitan Yara, is credited with being one of the first to disseminate martial arts throughout Okinawa Island.
A professional competitor since 2008, Terrado has also formerly competed for Strikeforce.
Pro World Low-Kick champion and K-1 Fighting Network Prague 2007 tournament champion.
Rafael Mendes Godoy is a six time Brazilian Jiu Jitsu world champion at the black belt level.
He competed in the Middleweight and Light Heavyweight divisions.
However the French banned the movement in 1942.
Chah-e Jafar Ahmadi is a village in Esfandar Rural District, Bahman District, Abarkuh County, Yazd Province, Iran.
He spoke about his Wing Chun abilities in overly modest terms, preferring to instead elevate Yip Man's martial prowess.
Hong Junsheng, born in 1907,Henan Province, China, was a Chinese martial arts practitioner, teacher and author.
Martin Holm was a Swedish Muay Thai kickboxer and former WMC Muaythai World Champion.
Gaje was born in the Philippines on May 5, 1938.
He is now in his 15th year as a mixed martial artist with a victory over UFC veterans Seth Petruzelli, Travis Fulton and Gary Goodridge.
He trains at Team Golden Glory in Breda under Cor Hemmers.
Andy Ristie is a Dutch-Surinamese kickboxer who competes in the lightweight division.
Chris is one of the BJJ Dirty Dozen.
Yahir Reyes is a Mexican mixed martial artist.
Katsuhiko Shinzato is an Okinawan martial arts master and head of the Shōrin-ryū Kishaba Juku.
In later years she coached Wushu in Shanghai and later the Taiwanese Wushu Team in 1994.
In October 2013, Schiavo received his Brazilian jiu-jitsu brown belt from the hands of UFC fighter and Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt Renee Forte.
Kotani studied at the Tokyo College of Education and studied judo directly under Jigoro Kano.
He was a competitor on The Ultimate Fighter: Team Lesnar vs.
David Lee "Tank" Abbott is an American mixed martial arts fighter, former professional wrestler, and author.
He is two time K-1 World MAX champion as well as a four time Shootboxing World tournament champion, fighting out of Mejiro Gym, Amsterdam, Netherlands.
He has competed in Japanese MMA organization called Pancrase and has won a title of featherweight class King of Pancrase in 2015.
His genuine humbleness and freedom from materialistic desire clearly reflected his spiritual development and deeply affected my understanding of the fighting arts."
At the Isezaki-cho police station in Yokohama he started to train in police judo.
He holds a black belt under Carlos Gracie Jr.
On June 16, 2017, he suffered a brain hemorrhage after being knocked out in a boxing match against Adam Braidwood in Edmonton, Alberta.
McClintock fights at welterweight and has compiled a record of 8-2, with all ten matches ending in first round stoppages.
Megumi Fujii is a retired Japanese mixed martial artist.
He holds notable victories over Marius Zaromskis, Francis Carmont, and Brennan Ward.
Since 2000 annual open Russian Sambo tournament is held in Omsk for the prizes of Alexander Pushnitsa.
He is the twin brother of UFC fighter Antônio Rogério Nogueira.
Kristaps Lībietis, Latvian biathlete and Olympic competitor
Joseph Christopher Stevenson is an American mixed martial artist fighting out of Hesperia, California.
He was also the "gate-keeper" of the Wu family from 1942 until his death in 1970.
Alan "Nuguette" Patrick, is a Brazilian mixed martial artist who competes in the Lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Mikhail "Misha" Cirkunov is a Latvian-Canadian mixed martial artist of Russian heritage, who competes in the light heavyweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
A professional competitor since 2000, Tokoro has also formerly competed for Vale Tudo Japan, ZST, Shooto, RINGS and K-1 Hero's.
For the American electronic music producer and DJ, see Joey Beltram.
He has competed for the UFC, the MFC, KSW, Jungle Fight, and M-1 Global.
In addition to his mixed martial arts career he had a role in the 2010 film Never Back Down 2: The Beatdown.
The following year, Hollenbeck outpointed Gregory Choplin for the WBC Muaythai Interim World Middleweight Championship and then debuted in the Glory promotion in May 2012.
The story revolves around the ticket inspectors, riders, and a possible killer.
A professional competitor since 1999, he has competed for the UFC, WEC, Strikeforce and King of the Cage.
He is also affiliated with Marc Matoya & FactoryX in Denver Colorado & Sandro Sampaio out of Moore Oklahoma.
He returned to Japan in 1971 to resume teaching at the Aikikai Hombu Dojo.
He is also the founder of Metamoris, a submission-only grappling promotion.
Kanō Jigorō was a Japanese educator and athlete, the founder of Judo.
Raphael Davis is an American mixed martial artist who has fought for Bellator FC and M-1 Global.
Along with her MMA career, Toughill holds a professional boxing record of 7 wins, 3 losses, 1 draw and 1 no contest.
Norris also writes a column for the conservative website WorldNetDaily.
Salihov is a highly accomplished Russian Sanshou fighter who would later become a King of Sanda himself.
Kristaps is a Latvian masculine given name.
Today he continues to work with various branches of the U.S. Military to train them in hand-to-hand combatives using Brazilian Jiu Jitsu.
He trained out of Turku Thaiboxing Club under his mentor and coach WMC World Champion Riku Immonen.
Fabiano Iha is a retired Brazilian mixed martial artist.
Gokor Chivichyan is an Armenian-American Judo, submission grappling, and mixed martial arts instructor.
Shane Howell, is an American mixed martial artist who most recently competed in the flyweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Eddie Chong is an internationally recognized kung fu martial artist and instructor.
He is also the head MMA coach of the Bulgarian National MMA team in the M-1 Challenge fighting league.
Brett Cooper is an American mixed martial artist who formerly fights for Bellator Fighting Championships in the Middleweight division and has also fought as a Welterweight.
He currently trains fighters at Panza MMA, located inside world champion power lifter and bodybuilder Bev Francis' Powerhouse Gym in Syosset, New York.
Hincapié was one of the best performance artists of Latin America.
Kerry Schall is an American mixed martial arts fighter.
He competed in the Flyweight and Bantamweight divisions.
Rob Kimmons is an American mixed martial artist who competed at middleweight for the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
He is a former Ring of Fire lightweight champion.
A professional competitor since 2012, Jackson has also formerly competed for Bellator MMA, and Legacy FC, where he was the featherweight champion.
Shang's oldest living student was Han Boyan, who at an old age became the first Internal Arts teacher of Taiji Quan master Chen Zhonghua.
In The Ultimate Fighter, he won a controversial victory against Tait Fletcher by decision after the second round.
Suzuki returned to regular puroresu in 2003, when he has become a perennial top contender for all major Japanese heavyweight championships.
Mark Kenery Muñoz is a retired Japanese-born Filipino-American professional mixed martial artist who most recently competed in the Middleweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Liang Zipeng is a noted Liuhebafa Master from China who went to Hong Kong in the 1946.
Abraham Roqueñi Iglesias is a Spanish welterweight kickboxer.
He was the first ever UFC Middleweight Champion and has also competed for Cage Rage, Bellator, Shooto, and RINGS.
Rutten is known for his charisma and has capitalized on his celebrity status since retiring from fighting in 1999.
Kensuke Sasaki is a Japanese retired professional wrestler, mixed martial artist, and founder of the now-defunct wrestling promotion Diamond Ring.
He was commonly known as "Mr. Big".
He is the older brother of Bellator Featherweight Champion Patrício Freire.
He has also been a trainer for K-1 World Champion Remy Bonjasky and MMA legend Mirko Filipović.
Kazuhiro Kusayanagi is a Japanese mixed martial artist.
In MMA, Malaipet has fought for EliteXC, King of the Cage, and in kickboxing he has competed for K-1, SLAMM!!
Mark Daniel Coleman is a retired American mixed martial artist, professional wrestler, former NCAA collegiate wrestler and former Olympic amateur wrestler.
Alejandro Pérez Domínguez is a Mexican mixed martial artist currently competing in the Bantamweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
He has previously fought for the UFC and was a member of the Seattle Tiger Sharks in the IFL.
Hikitsuchi traveled twice to the United States, and regularly to European countries, teaching at dojos that had been started by his students.
İlyas Demir is a Turkish karateka competing in the kumite -60 kg division.
Funakoshi appears to be the source of most of the information available on Asato.
He won the Indian National Open Kickboxing Championship, and was the Best Fighter of 2012 in Karate.
Robin van Roosmalen is a Dutch kickboxer and MMA fighter.
Nunes was also formerly signed to the Bellator MMA, WEC and the UFC.
He won the WKO World Championships in 2009 and 2010 and placed second in the 2008 World Cup held by the Kyokushin Union.
Manson Howard Gibson is a retired American kickboxer and a 12-time Muay Thai and Kickboxing World Champion.
Tatsuya Mizuno is a Japanese Light Heavyweight mixed martial artist.
Matt Bessette is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in Bellator's Featherweight division.
He became noted for mutual combat street fights which were spread across the Internet, leading Rolling Stone to call him "The King of the Web Brawlers".
Fabio Tuiach is an Italian boxer who competes in the Heavyweight division.
Sapp has a combined fight record of 23–35–1, mostly fighting in Japan.
He was associated with Real Japan Pro Wrestling's team Seikendo.
In 2009, Pudzianowski debuted as a mixed martial artist.
In 1966, Aikikai Honbu Dojo awarded Tohei the title of Shihan.
He is a multi-time world champion with first place finishes at the Gi, Nogi, and Grapplers Quest world championships.
His older brother Motobu Chōyū was also a noted karateka.
After Sosai Masutatsu Oyama's death, new director Shokei Matsui appointed Hollander to be a regional representative for the European and African nations.
The 17-year-old Chu was a secretary at a restaurant at whose premises Ip held classes, which he audited.
Carla Kristen Esparza is an American professional mixed martial artist who competes in the Strawweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Michael Keith Chiesa is an American mixed martial artist.
He is known for his heart and determination.
Clark holds a professional record of 27-21-1, with notable wins over Mac Danzig, Fabiano Iha, and Shonie Carter.
In 1912, Chu Guiting began to study Xingyiquan and Baguazhang under Grandmaster Li Cunyi, who recognized him as his official disciple.
Namsaknoi was the camp senior of international Muay Thai superstar Buakaw when they both trained at Por Pramuk Camp.
A professional competitor since 2006, McCrory has also formerly competed for Bellator MMA and the Cage Fury Fighting Championships.
There are contradictory accounts of Abbe's final years, but it appears that he was in poor spirits and poor health towards the end.
Yamasaki is a veteran of over 400 fights in the UFC, Strikeforce, WEC, EliteXC and Pride Fighting Championships.
Haim Gidon is a teacher of Krav Maga, an Israeli-originated self-defense and military hand-to-hand combat system taught to military, police forces and civilians worldwide.
His family emigrated from Manchester, England to Western Australia in 1992.
On 26 June 2010, Lomulder returned to kickboxing at Fight 058 in Leeuwarden, Netherlands where he faced old foe Andre Mannaart.
York is best known for his fights with Japanese firebrand Yoshihiro Nakao and UFC vet Dave Herman.
A professional competitor since 2002, Wilson has formerly competed for the UFC, the IFL, BodogFIGHT, and King of the Cage.
Remigijus Morkevičius was a Lithuanian mixed martial artist and kickboxer.
A professional competitor since 2005, Berry has formerly fought for the WEC, Strikeforce, King of the Cage and ShoXC.
Tyler Jeffrey Dillashaw is an American mixed martial artist and the former UFC Bantamweight Champion.
He brings to many training courses his expertise in kata and their applications to differing situations.
In the Ultimate Fighting Championships, Thomas is a UFC 41 Lightweight Tournament Semifinalist.
Chad Laprise is a Canadian professional mixed martial artist currently competing for the UFC in the lightweight division.
The 2008 presidential election was won by Dmitry Medvedev, who appointed Putin Prime Minister, beginning what has been called a period of "tandemocracy".
He represented the USA for Grappling 2x and is a 2x FILA World Championship in Submission Grappling under FILA, the same organization that oversees Olympic wrestling.
He is a Ph.D. and is one of the founders of the International Budo Academy.
Kawajiri's fight at PRIDE Bushido 9 with Takanori Gomi was voted as PRIDE Fighting Championship's Fight of the Year for 2005.
After a demonstration in 1939 in Hanoi, Vovinam quickly spread across the country, and internationally to the Vietnamese diaspora via France.
He advocates spiritual enlightenment through cultivating physical strength and mindfulness in balance.
Aaron Miller is an American mixed martial artist.
Issei Tamura is a Japanese mixed martial artist who competed most recently in Pancrase and the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Horn is the former King of the Cage Light Heavyweight Champion.
He is former Lumpinee Stadium champion and three-time champion of Thailand.
Héctor Echavarría is an Argentine actor, producer, filmmaker, activist, businessman, screenwriter, philanthropist, and a martial arts master.
Junji Ikoma is a Japanese mixed martial artist who competes in the strawweight and flyweight division.
He also fought in King of the Cage.
Kwanthai Sithmorseng is a professional boxer from Thailand.
Takenori Sato is a Japanese professional mixed martial artist and current Welterweight King Of Pancrase.
He is credited with developing the style known as Shindō jinen-ryū.
Amar Suloev was an Armenian mixed martial artist with a record of 24–7–0.
He competed in the Strawweight, Flyweight and Bantamweight divisions.
He made it to Lumpinee Stadium at the age of 12.
James Cama Sr. was an American martial arts practitioner and teacher.
He debuted with the Glory promotion in April 2013.
Liang Zipeng was the teacher of Lee Hoi-cheun 李海泉, to whom he was said to have instructed Liuhebafa.
Though he could not learn from Liang, he was allowed to listen to Liang’s lectures on Liuhebafa, which was also known as "Water Boxing".
Takaharu Murahama is a Japanese mixed martial artist.
Tumenov is currently fights in the welterweight division of the Absolute Championship Berkut.
He won this tournament in six minutes and forty-three seconds, which was the quickest K-1 GP win ever at the time.
She received her Black Belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu from SBG head coach Matt Thornton in October 2016.
He was the Cage Warriors Flyweight Champion.
Trần's remains were found and his death was confirmed on February 12, 2010.
Ryan LaFlare is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the UFC's Welterweight division.
Marcus Clyde Brimage is an American mixed martial artist.
Federico "Kiko" Lopez is an American mixed martial artist.
Kim Polling is a Dutch judoka competing in the women's 70 kg division.
A professional mixed martial artist since 2008, Almeida has also formerly competed for Bellator.
Kiichi Kunimoto is a Japanese mixed martial artist, who currently competes in the Welterweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Bronzoulis was a finalist on Spike TV's Bellator: Fight Master reality show.
Warren at one time operated Brian Warren's Unbreakable Gym in San Bernardino, CA.
Grandmaster Doc-Fai Wong continues to provide instruction traveling throughout the world conducting seminars.
Keith Hackney is a retired American mixed martial arts fighter.
When possible he would practice karate and judo, and studied Chinese martial arts with a master of Hakkyoku kempo.
Born in Honolulu, Hawaii he was the third of sixteen children and first son born to Sun Chow Hoon and Rose Kalamalio Naehu.
Wan Laisheng was a Chinese martial artist and author.
He is best known for helping to popularize Krav Maga, the official hand-to-hand combat system of the Israel Defense Forces.
He is a two-time World Black Belt Absolute World Jiu-Jitsu Champion, five-time World Black Belt Heavy Weight Champion, and three-time World Black Belt Pro Division Champion.
Ginty Vrede was a Dutch kickboxer and 2008 WBC Muaythai Heavyweight World champion.
Buchholz graduated from Lathrop High School in 2002, where he competed in wrestling.
In boxing he competed from 1989 to 2008, and held the WBO heavyweight title from 1991 to 1992.
In 1928, Chen Fake moved to Beijing to teach his family’s inheritance; Chen-style t'ai chi ch'uan.
He is a 5 time WMC World Champion and a 3 time Lumpinee Stadium Champion.
Errol Zimmerman is a Curaçaoan kickboxer, fighting out of Hemmers Gym in Breda, Netherlands.
This award is not recognized by any of the mainstream aikido organizations such as Aikikai and Yoshinkan.
Cheryl Murphy is an American martial artist.
Yoshiyuki Yoshida is a Japanese mixed martial artist competing in the welterweight division.
Louis Smolka, is an American mixed martial artist who competes in the Flyweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
He is a former WEC Lightweight Champion, and former TPF Lightweight Champion.
Satō was born on April 4, 1946, on Sakhalin Island, then part of occupied Japan following the end of World War II.
Gettan trained with Yamaguchi for thirteen years, receiving Menkyo Kaiden, full-transmission, of Yamaguchi-ryū at the age of twenty-six, in 1674.
She began training taekwondo at the age of 4, looking for a place in the American Olympic team for 2020.
Nick Denis is a retired Canadian professional mixed martial artist.
Andrei "Bullet" Kulebin is a Belarusian Muay Thai welterweight kickboxer fighting out of Minsk, Belarus for Gym "Kick Fighter".
Marlon Luiz Moraes is a Brazilian mixed martial artist who competes in the bantamweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Cheung Lai Chuen was a Chinese martial artist.
Beginning in 2003, he began fighting regularly as a kickboxer and mixed martial artist, most notably in K-1 and the Pride Fighting Championships.
His K-1 record is at 69 wins and 22 losses out of 90 fights.
Filipović's signature move was his lightning quick left head-kick, once famously described as "right leg, hospital; left leg, cemetery."
A professional MMA competitor since 2005, Caraway has fought in Strikeforce, EliteXC, WEC, and UFC.
Stevan Živković is a Serbian welterweight kickboxer.
He is cousin to Renzo Gracie, Ralph Gracie, Charles Gracie and Ryan Gracie.
He has also worked in promotions like All Japan Pro Wrestling, Battlarts, Dramatic Dream Team and Riki Choshu's Legend The Pro Wrestling.
Wong Jack Man is a Chinese martial artist and teacher.
Jay T. Will was an American martial artist.
Goiti Yamauchi is a Japanese-born Brazilian mixed martial artist who currently competes in the Lightweight division for Bellator MMA.
He resided in the village of Kumemura, near Naha.
Willie Williams is an American former karateka and mixed martial artist.
André Santos is a Brazilian mixed martial artist currently competing in Bellator's welterweight division.
Lívia Renata Souza is a Brazilian mixed martial artist who competes at Invicta FC in the Strawweight division and former Invicta FC Strawweight Champion.
Efrain was the winner of season eight of Spike TV's reality show The Ultimate Fighter.
Bristol Marunde is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the Welterweight division.
He is the eldest of the Viera brothers, who lead of and fight for Checkmat.
He was the youngest judoka to get his kudan and also an 9th degree black belt in taekwondo.
As of 2 November 2015, he is ranked the #2 lightweight in the world by GLORY.
Smith currently competes for the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
In 1966, he was made instructor in Kyokushinkai Karate at the Honbu Dojo.
Antônio Rodrigo Nogueira, better known as Minotauro, is a semi-retired Brazilian mixed martial artist known for his technical mastery of Brazilian jiu-jitsu.
Since retiring from competitive karate Vic now coaches children is a member of the board of Karate England.
His correct name was Join Oda, but through a misinterpretation of the kanji 常胤 he is more commonly known as Tsunetane.
Hackleman was assigned to command the 1st Brigade in the 2nd Division of the Army of the Tennessee.
Jacob Noe is an American professional mixed martial artist who competes in Bellator's Light Heavyweight division.
Masato Kobayashi is a Japanese former welterweight kickboxer.
Aljamain Antoine Sterling is a Jamaican American mixed martial artist.
When he came to New York in July 1945, the journalist Horacio Estol acted as his representative.
Narantungalag has fought the likes of Masato, Buakaw Banchamek, and Albert Kraus in K-1 kickboxing.
A professional competitor since 2004, Carmont has also formerly competed for the UFC, BodogFIGHT, and KSW.
Sirimongkol Singwangcha is a professional Light welterweight Thai boxer and kickboxer fighting out of Nakhon Ratchasima, Thailand.
She lives in San Diego where she trains and teaches at The Arena.
Rikiya Iimura is a Japanese instructor of Shotokan karate.
Joe "The Boss" Hipp is a retired professional Native American heavyweight boxer.
He is a black belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu under Carlos Machado.
As of July 31, 2017, she is #15 in the official UFC Strawweight rankings.
Alexander Sarnavskiy is an Ethnic Russian mixed martial artist who competes in the lightweight division.
Hidetaka Nishiyama was a prominent Japanese master of Shotokan karate.
She holds a notable victory over current Lion Fight Featherweight Champion and Glory Super Bantamweight Champion Tiffany van Soest.
In 2010 she released a country gospel EP titled Oh You Angel.
His documented record of fights goes back to 1998 with a record of 56 wins, 81 loses, and 4 draws.
He was a competitor on Spike TV's The Ultimate Fighter: Team Bisping vs.
He won the World Kickboxing Association light middleweight and super welterweight full contact titles.
He was formerly signed with the Ultimate Fighting Championship, fighting in their Bantamweight division, until his release on October 16, 2015.
He was the fourteenth headmaster of the Jikishinkage school of sword fighting.
Dillman was four-times National Karate Champion and during this period was consistently ranked among the top ten competitors in the nation by major karate magazines.
From 1999 to 2008 he was a member of Team Golden Glory, alongside one of the most successful fighters of all time: Semmy Schilt.
Yoshinobu Ota is a Japanese mixed martial artist.
A professional MMA competitor since 2002, McCall has fought for World Extreme Cagefighting and Tachi Palace Fights.
Jason Sampson is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the flyweight division of Legacy FC.
A professional competitor since 2003, he has also formerly competed in Strikeforce and King of the Cage.
He competed in the Featherweight and Lightweight divisions.
A professional competitor from 2007 until 2014, Mulhern also competed for Strikeforce, King of the Cage, and is the former King of the Cage Welterweight Champion.
A professional competitor from 2002-2012, he has most recently competed in the UFC's Lightweight division.
Topi "Iron Ball" Helin is a retired Finnish professional Muay Thai kickboxer, four time Finnish Heavyweight Champion and amateur Muay Thai World Champion.
A proficient amateur boxer, he was the 2006 and 2007 Brazilian Super Heavyweight Champion.
Issa is a black belt in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and has won numerous BJJ competitions and tournaments including the Mundials and the Brazilian national championships.
Other than Masayuki Hisataka, two of Masayoshi Kori Hisataka's direct students are teaching to this day, including Shunji Watanabe and Shigeru Ishino.
He competed in the Bantamweight, Featherweight and Lightweight divisions.
14 of his 16 career wins have come by way of submission.
She fought in Thailand 4 times winning all four fights.
Enson Inoue is a Japanese-American retired mixed martial artist.
Silva is currently signed with the UFC.
Rustemi Kreshnik is an Albanian-Belgian kickboxer who competes in the heavyweight division.
Pain" Londt is a Surinamese-Dutch kickboxer and current SUPERKOMBAT Heavyweight Champion.
Paul Ruiz is an American mixed martial artist.
He is currently competing for the UFC in the Middleweight division, and won The Ultimate Fighter Nations: Canada vs. Australia.
Ediane Gomes is a Brazilian mixed martial artist who competes in the Bantamweight division.
She was born in Beijing and died in Shanghai.
Matsubayashi Ryu Instructors in other Recognized Organizations in the USA.
Warren has fought in many organizations including K-1, King of the Cage, Strikeforce, Kage Kombat, Pangea, and Bellator.
A professional competitor since 2010, Anundson has previously competed for Bellator.
Hiroshi Izumi is a Japanese judoka and mixed martial artist.
Ricardo Antonio Mayorga Perez, best known as Ricardo Mayorga, is a Nicaraguan professional boxer and former mixed martial artist.
He is the owner of kickboxing gym "TARGET", and a manager of promotion company "R.I.S.E."
Adam Braidwood is a Canadian professional boxer, actor, martial artist and retired professional football defensive end.
Yount qualified for the first junior national team when she was 12 years old.
Mark Holata is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in Bellator's Heavyweight division.
Alvin Leavon Robinson is an American professional mixed martial artist currently fighting as a lightweight for the Bellator Fighting Championships.
A professional competitor since 2003, he has fought for ShoXC, the WEC, Bellator, KSW, Adrenaline MMA, and World Extreme Fighting.
He is also the curator of the Kodokan Judo Museum in Tokyo.
Although he instructed numerous students Chan Yik Yan was known to have only accepted 6 Disciples into the Liuhebafa lineage.
She was the first Iranian woman to win the World Kickboxing Championships.
Had her pro-début in 2007, Şahin had acquired 21 wins with 7 knockouts, 1 loss and 1 draw at her professional career, as of 2016.
As of May 20, 2017, he is #1 in the official UFC welterweight rankings.
Due to his heroic status, the legends and myths surrounding events in his life are difficult to discern from facts.
Shamrock became known early on in the UFC for his rivalry with Royce Gracie.
He trained alongside Norifumi "Kid" Yamamoto with the Killer Bee team.
A professional competitor since 2001, Alexander has also competed for the UFC, Shark Fights, the RFA, and KSW.
and was a competitor on SpikeTV's The Ultimate Fighter: United States vs. United Kingdom.
Takahiro Kajita is a Japanese mixed martial artist.
She was featured in ESPN The Magazine as well as Maxim.
Alexander Pavlovich Shlemenko is a Russian mixed martial artist currently fighting in the Middleweight division for Bellator Fighting Championships.
He was born on April 28, 1974 in Bacolod, Philippines.
Kenji Osawa is a retired Japanese mixed martial artist from Tokyo.
Goulet earned his nickname, "The Road Warrior," after taking a fight on very short notice, traveling to the fight venue without his trainers or cornermen.
He is also known for his outspoken political views and for his friendship with Vladimir Putin.
As of 24 July 2017, he is ranked the #3 light-heavyweight in the world by LiverKick.com.
She is known for her starring roles in NBC’s Saved by the Bell: The New Class and CBS’s The Bold and the Beautiful.
Wagner was raised by his grandmother and works as a security guard in a number of reggae clubs in northern Brazil.
He is considered the best featherweight in the decade  and to be among the best pound for pound jiu jitsu competitors in the world.
Wong Kei-ying or Huang Qiying was a Chinese martial artist and physician who lived in the Qing dynasty.
On September 24 2016 Siliga won the Road FC Openweight Tournament at Road FC 33 by knocking out Choi Hong-man of South Korea.
Although mainly responsible for establishing the Chito-ryu style in Canada, Tsuruoka is also known as founder of his own karate style known as Tsuruoka Ryu.
Choplin currently fights out of DEREK boxing in Saint-Denis, Paris, France.
Choi Hong-man, often anglicised to Hong-man Choi, is a South Korean kickboxer, mixed martial artist, and former ssireum wrestler.
Other Chinese fighters who participated in that event include Bao Li Gao.
Pedro Henrique Lopes Munhoz is a Brazilian mixed martial artist currently fighting in the Bantamweight division in the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
He lost in the Submission at 1R 1:03 to Fedor Emelianenko.
Ivan Gene LeBell is an American martial artist, instructor, stunt performer, and professional wrestler born in Los Angeles, California.
Patrício Freire is a Brazilian mixed martial artist currently competing in Bellator's Featherweight division, where he is the current Featherweight Champion.
Sarah Avraham is an Indian-born Israeli Muay Thai kickboxer.
In 2014, he also fought for Bellator MMA.
Steven Scott Siler is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the Featherweight division of Titan FC.
He was born in Yokohama, Kanagawa, Japan on January 5, 1968 as Shin'ichi Asahi.
He won bronze at the IFMA World Championships in 2010 and silver in 2012 as an amateur, and debuted with the Glory promotion in October 2012.
Miller also played a fighter in Kevin James's film Here Comes the Boom.
Michihiro Omigawa is a Japanese mixed martial artist currently competing in the Featherweight division.
She won the 2011 Shoot Boxing Girls S-Cup tournament.
Karel "Karlos" Vémola is a Czech professional mixed martial artist, former bodybuilder, wrestler and member of Sokol.
Mitchell Bobrow was a martial arts fighter trained by Ki Whang Kim in the early 1960s.
Hence, he has never held a belt in any MMA organization.
A professional MMA competitor since 2006, Harvison has made a name for himself fighting in his homestate of Georgia.
Abe has fought in many high-level MMA organizations, including Shooto, Pride FC, Deep, King of the Cage and Cage Rage.
Bryan Baker is an American professional mixed martial artist who competes in the Middleweight division.
Shintaro Higashi is a Japanese American judo competitor and 5th degree black belt in judo for the United States in the 100 kg category.
His two sons, Wu Gongyi and Wu Gongzao, were his first students.
Haldun Alagaş is a Turkish karateka competing in the kumite -70 kg division.
Fight Matrix and MMARising.com list her as the number 1 atomweight fighter in the world.
Later, she would teach at the Wong Fei-hung Physical Fitness Institute until it closed in 1980.
He is currently ranked the #2 middleweight and #12 official pound-for-pound fighter by the UFC and other publications like Fight Matrix and Sherdog.
He is the former Pancrase Light Heavyweight Champion as well as the former Pancrase Middleweight Champion.
Marius Žaromskis is a Lithuanian professional mixed martial artist currently competing in Bellator's Welterweight division.
Eklund was the first Swedish fighter to compete in Ultimate Fighting Championship and also formerly competed for M-1 Global.
Sakmongkol Sithchuchok is a Thai super middleweight Muay Thai-kickboxer.
He had a nationally syndicated PBS series which aired on 134 stations worldwide from 1994–2002, entitled Tai Chi Innerwave with Joey Bond; it comprised 23 programs.
Matthew Charles Wiman is an American mixed martial artist who competes as a lightweight in the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
She was the first Bellator Women's Champion.
At present Clifton continues his dedication to Muay Thai, by passing on what he has learned at his martial arts and fitness academy, 5 Elements.
He trained with the Miletich Fighting Systems along with his twin brother, UFC Hall of Famer and former two-time UFC Welterweight Champion, Matt Hughes.
He previously fought for Bellator Fighting Championships and the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
He is a former Dutch, European and World Muay Thai champion.
Homma Gaku, born May 12, 1950, is an aikido teacher and direct student of the founder Morihei Ueshiba.
A member of the Gracie family of Brazil, Renzo is a 6th Degree Black in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu under Carlos Gracie Jr..
He was known as Ramsongkram Suwanharnjabee before he moved to Chuwattana Gym.
Rafael Cavalcante is a Brazilian mixed martial artist who fights in the light heavyweight division.
Prior to Dong, Baguazhang teaching was conducted behind closed doors from one Taoist to another within the Taoist sect.
A professional MMA competitor since 2013, he has also competed for Rizin.
He is also a former TKO Featherweight Champion.
Artem Valeryevich Levin, also known as Artem "The Lion" Levin, is a Russian light heavyweight Muay Thai kickboxer fighting out of Prokopyevsk.
He has fought all over the world including Tokyo, London, Montreal, and Las Vegas.
Wang Xiangzhai, also known as Nibao, Zhenghe and Yuseng, was a Chinese xingyiquan master, responsible for founding the martial art of Yiquan.
Since 2004 she holds the title of Austrian Champion in Kickboxing for each year.
He currently holds the rank of 9th Dan in Taekwondo and is the founder of Massar Taekwondo Association.
A new International Seishinkai Karate-dō Union was formed by Kunio Tatsuno in 1999; in 2007, Sadatomu Harada formed the Seishinkai International Shitoryu Karate-dō Union.
Chahid "The Pitbull" Oulad El Hadj is a Moroccan-Dutch welterweight kickboxer, fighting out of Bergen op Zoom, Netherlands.
Thomas Guimarães Almeida is a Brazilian professional mixed martial artist who competes in the Bantamweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
He fought as a Featherweight for the MidWest Combat in the now defunct International Fight League.
Luiz França Filho was a Brazilian martial artist and one of the primary founders of Brazilian jiu-jitsu.
Jason Tan is a retired English mixed martial artist and currently a head coach of MMA Liverpool.
She won the gold medal at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.
Joanna Jędrzejczyk is a Polish mixed martial artist and former Muay Thai kickboxer who competes in the women's strawweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Urushitani held the Shooto bantamweight championship from 2010 to 2012 before vacating it to sign with the UFC.
James Te Huna is a retired New Zealand mixed martial artist best known for competing in the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Donald Matthew Grice is an American police officer and retired mixed martial artist.
Johny Harvey Hendricks is an American mixed martial artist and an accomplished former collegiate wrestler .
He is the founder of 10th Planet Jiu-Jitsu and the Eddie Bravo Invitational.
Kron Gracie is a Brazilian and American mixed martial artist, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu practitioner and a member of the Gracie family.
He competes in the Featherweight, Lightweight and Welterweight divisions.
He began training in the Iwama Dojo at the age of 12 as a direct student of the founder of aikido, Morihei Ueshiba in June 1949.
Charles Oliveira da Silva is a Brazilian mixed martial artist who competes in the lightweight division.
He has a respectable record of 6-9-3 and beats Vegeta.
Tariel Bitsadze is a Georgian karateka and mixed martial artist.
Marcelo Pereira Dourado, known as Marcelo Dourado, is a Brazilian professional mixed martial artist and personal trainer.
Upon retiring from competition on the Thai circuit he was still able to make 130 pounds, with his final fight being forced to make 129 pounds.
As of May 16, 2016, he is #11 in official UFC Flyweight rankings.
Bobby Southworth is an American mixed martial artist fighting in the Light-Heavyweight division.
On 15 December 2015, he was ranked the #8 lightweight in the world by LiverKick.com.
Choi was born in 1918, in northern Korea.
David Dancrade is French heavyweight kickboxer, fighting out of Bonneuil Muaythai Club and Faucon Gym, both based in France.
Besides his work in Vietnamese films, Nguyen has had supporting roles in major films from Thailand and India.
Konstantin "Lāčplēsis" Gluhov is a Russian-Latvian heavyweight kickboxer and mixed martial artist.
Hideo Yamamoto is a Japanese master of Shotokan karate.
He currently fights as a Lightweight for the Ultimate Fighting Championship, and is the head coach at Complete Fitness & Martial Arts, St. Albert, Canada.
Warren attended San Bernardino High School and was the goalie for the water polo team.
He was one of the few to have obtained the title of "Unrivaled Under The Sun", title offered to him by the Shogun Ashikaga.
Jōkō Ninomiya is the founder and director of Enshin Karate.
Marloes Coenen is a retired Dutch mixed martial artist.
He lived in Finland for 11 years winning numerous titles in muay Thai and kickboxing.
Beneil Dariush is an Assyrian-American professional mixed martial artist who competes in the lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Lindsay is the former WKA North American Champion, WBC Muaythai International Champion, and IMTO World Super Welterweight Champion.
In 1977, Satō started his own karate style, Satojuku, in Mitaka, Tokyo, as a single dojo.
Simeon Thoresen is a Norwegian mixed martial artist currently competing in the Welterweight division of Cage Warriors.
Schaub also regularly appears on The Joe Rogan Experience, Joe Rogan's podcast devoted to, among other things, mixed martial arts.
Trần was in Port-au-Prince, Haiti, on business, and was staying in the Hôtel Montana when it collapsed in a 7.0 magnitude earthquake on January 12, 2010.
Rodríguez also wrestled in Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide, Ring of Honor, Lucha Underground, Japan, Puerto Rico, and various United States independent promotions.
Nordine Taleb is a French professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the welterweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Wheeler currently holds a professional record of 15–5.
His younger brother Chris Spang is also a mixed martial artist.
Peter Sobotta is a Polish-German professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Welterweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
However, he was denied a visa to Australia and therefore did not appear.
He has fought for Cage Rage, BAMMA, UCMMA and Bellator.
He has fought at Palace Fighting Championship, Tachi Palace Fights, PRIDE, ShoXC, Deep, Cage Rage and the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Sarah Moras is a Canadian mixed martial artist who competes in the Bantamweight division.
Ricardo Arona is a retired Brazilian mixed martial artist.
Kim is also the Judo head coach for Korean Top Team.
Naoto Kojima is a Japanese mixed martial artist.
Neace formerly fought in the featherweight division of Bellator.
He is known for his right hook which has knocked out many of his opponents.
Andrei Cătălin Stoica is a Romanian kickboxer.
He is the former DREAM Openweight Grand Prix Champion.
He is the head coach and manager of Northwest Elite Fight Team.
Nikiema became one of the best farangs who have fought in Thailand.
Ewerton Teixeira is a Brazilian professional kickboxer, mixed martial artist, and Kyokushin Kaikan karateka.
Shawn Tompkins was a Canadian kickboxer and mixed martial artist, and later trainer.
In 1900, he travelled to Japan to study at Tokyo Agricultural University, where he met and befriended the revolutionary leader Song Jiaoren.
He is most known for his stint with Bellator Fighting Championships, fighting in their first season featherweight tournament.
Reece won a silver medal at the 2010 World Combat Games.
Asami Kodera, occasionally nicknamed Asami, is a Japanese female mixed martial artist.
He has earned black belt degrees in karate, judo, aikido, kendo, and iaido.
In August 2008, he entered and won the 2008 Sengoku Lightweight Grand Prix.
A professional competitor since 2009, he has formerly competed for the UFC and Strikeforce.
A professional MMA competitor since 2006, Mamalis has most notably fought in Bellator Fighting Championships where he competed in the Bellator season three bantamweight tournament.
The style is referred by several names including Tomiki Aikido, Shodokan Aikido and Sport Aikido.
Literally from Japanese language “Waka” means “young”, however in this case the meaning is completely different.
He has been called by the STAR System Ratings as "Perhaps the greatest kickboxer in American history.
A professional competitor since 2008, he is also the current King of the Cage Light Heavyweight Champion.
Mitch Gagnon is a Canadian mixed martial artist currently competing in the Bantamweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
He had been the president of the Korea Hapkido Federation for 18 years.
Galvao's nickname "Louro" means "blonde" in Portuguese, because he often dyes his hair this color.
He currently fights as a welterweight for the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
In addition to competing for the UFC, he has also fought in PRIDE, making it to the Pride Shockwave 2005 Final, and also fought in Yarennoka!
Alexandru Lungu-(do not confuse with Lungu G. Alexandru) is a Romanian professional judoka, mixed martial artist and kickboxer.
Michael was featured in the movie documentary "The Hurt Business" that debuted September 29th 2016 playing himself.
Leung Sheung was a Chinese martial artist who studied Wing Chun Kung Fu who is known as the senior-most student of Yip Man in Hong Kong.
Casey Olson is an American mixed martial arts fighter currently competing in the lightweight division.
When he was older, Shang also learned Baguazhang from both Li Cunyi and Cheng Tinghua.
Tate gained increased recognition in 2011, when she won the Strikeforce Women's Bantamweight Championship.
He also won a bronze medal in the 2007 Pan American Games.
He is the World Muay Thai Council's Muay Thai Welterweight European Champion and K-1 MAX Scandinavia 2008 Tournament Finalist.
Mikihito Yamagami is a Japanese mixed martial artist who competes in the Strawweight division.
Adriano Directo Emperado was one of five martial artists who developed the kajukenbo self-defense system.
and in 1991 he placed second in the 5th World Karate Tournament.
A professional competitor since 2004, Araújo has also formerly competed for M-1 Global, Shooto, KSW, and was a contestant on The Ultimate Fighter: Team Carwin vs.
Chotoku Kyan was an Okinawan karate master who was famous for both his karate skills and his colorful personal life.
Francois "Frans" Botha is a South African kickboxer and former professional boxer.
They abandoned the Northern Eagles brand at the start of the 2003 season.
Talita Nogueira is a Brazilian practitioner and mixed martial artist.
She is a graduate from the Beijing Sports and Cultural University in Chinese Martial Arts and was a member of the Shanghai Wushu Team.
He specialised in Confucian and Taoist studies, scholarly and literary arts.
Dale Cook is an American former kickboxer who competed in the middleweight, super middleweight, light heavyweight and cruiserweight divisions.
Dan Hornbuckle is an American mixed martial artist, and a member of the Eastern Band Cherokee tribe.
Michael G. Foster is a U.S. karate pioneer and the founder and head of Yoshukai International, a world-wide organization of Yoshukai Karate schools.
Chambers was featured on Extra as one of "America's Most Eligible" bachelors.
He later participated in and won the 2007 World Cup.
He has competed in the WEC, IFL, and Japan's World Victory Road.
Like his father who was a winner of the Kodokan Cup, he won the competition in 2010 and 2011.
However, Kunioku was later removed from the card and the event was cancelled entirely on October 7.
Jorge Valente Gurgel is a retired Brazilian Mixed martial artist who most recently competed in Titan FC's Lightweight division.
He won his first world title in 1985.
Brazilian born Gustavo has lived in Australia since 2007 and is an Australian citizen.
He was convicted of murder and extortion in 1974 and given a life sentence.
He fights as a bantamweight for the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Julianna Peña is an American mixed martial artist who competes in the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Kelly Anundson is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the Light Heavyweight division.
Yang Shou-chung or Yang Shouzhong, birth name Yang Zhenming, was the eldest son of Yang Chengfu.
They back up the Dutchman’s inclusion into the UFC Hall of Fame and then some.
Rafael Silva is a Brazilian professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Bantamweight division of Pancrase.
Melanson specializes in Jujutsu, catch wrestling, guard, leg locks and triangle chokes.
Pulver officially retired from combat sports in 2014.
He began his interests in Martial Arts at Sun Yi's Academy, where he rose up in the ranks to a Certified Master Instructor.
Marvin Maldonado is an American mixed martial artist.
He lives in California, and belongs to the fighting team The Lion's Den.
In submission wrestling, he holds an undefeated record of 13-0, never losing a single point in a match, and is a three-time ADCC Champion.
He is currently ranked as the 2nd light heavyweight mixed martial artist in Canada.
He is the adopted brother of UFC Hall of Famer Ken Shamrock.
She is a third degree black belt in Tae Kwon Do and specializes in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.
Dmitri Yurievich Nossov is a Russian judoka.
Lam would later become known for disseminating Dragon Kung Fu much as Jeung would later become known for disseminating Bak Mei.
He is the winner of multiple European Karate Championships and World Karate Championships Karate medals.
Over the years, he studied judo, jujutsu, Gōjū-ryū karate and aikido among other budō arts.
In 2010 he was considered one of the eight best amateur Muai Thai boxers in the world.
Vitaly Viktorovich Minakov is a Russian sambist, judoka and undefeated mixed martial artist currently competing in the heavyweight division for Bellator MMA.
Luke Caudillo is an American mixed martial artist.
Yang Jun is a sixth-generation descendant of the Yang Family of t'ai chi ch'uan, and is the fifth lineage-holder of the style.
He fights out of Las Vegas, Nevada with Xtreme Couture where he is also a coach.
Junior Fa is a New Zealand professional boxer.
Daniel William Downes is a retired American mixed martial artist.
He has been teaching Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu for over 18 years.
Robert Mustard is a teacher of Yoshinkan Aikido.
She is an ADCC and no gi BJJ World Champion.
Masatoshi Nakayama was an internationally famous Japanese master of Shotokan karate.
Shortly after a successful title defense in a rematch with Mir, Lesnar was sidelined due to diverticulitis.
Adachi is an accomplished judoka, having reached the rank of 4th degree black belt.
Darren R. Levine is a martial artist, an entrepreneur, and a prosecutor for the Los Angeles County District Attorney's office.
He is the former K-1 HERO's Light Heavyweight Grand Prix Tournament Champion.
Ajatev was considered a rising star in 2003, entering his first fight with PRIDE.
The fight was cancelled after Schiavo suffered inner ear disease.
He also won the coveted ADCC Absolute title in 2013.
Shepherd is the former KOTC Lightweight Champion.
Martial Ballet has been performed by different people in different ways and was incorporated in Rhee's school curriculum.
Kevin Berryman Casey Jr. is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the Middleweight division of Bellator MMA.
Jay White is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Heavyweight division.
He is believed to be the only American with that distinction at the time.
He competed in the UFC and also had a one fight stint as an alternate for the New York Pitbulls of the International Fight League.
As of 28 September 2016, he is ranked the #8 light heavyweight in the world by LiverKick.com.
Dux established his own school of ninjutsu in 1975, called "Dux Ryu Ninjutsu".
Hector Miguel Lombard Pedrosa is a Cuban-Australian professional mixed martial artist, bodybuilder, and former Olympic judoka who competes as a Middleweight in the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Emelianenko is also the longest reigning Heavyweight lineal champion and #1 pound for pound ranked fighter in MMA history.
Jeremiah Cole Miller is an American mixed martial artist, Who most recently competed in the featherweight division in the UFC.
In 1990 he won a gold medal in the 22nd All Japan Kyokushin Tournament.
After teaching taekwondo for many years in Chicago, he died in 1996.
After graduation, he coached swimming for San Bernardino High School.
Outside of sports, Toney played the role of Joe Frazier in the 2001 film Ali.
Pat Curran is an American mixed martial artist, and the former Bellator Featherweight Champion.
Tetsuo Katsuta is a Japanese mixed martial artist.
David Terrell Reid is a former boxer from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
He holds notable victories over the likes of Conor McGregor, Donald Cerrone, Gray Maynard, and Takanori Gomi.
Students include Joko Ninomiya, Kazuyoshi Ishii and Makoto Yoshida.
Describing his art in 1987, Satō wrote, "Odo means the way champions must behave.
She is also credited as the founder of the martial arts Wǔ Méi Pài[2], Wing Chun, Dragon style, White Crane, and Five-Pattern Hung Kuen.
Steven "Stevie" Ray is a Scottish mixed martial artist who competes in the Lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
He has previously fought for Bellator MMA, Cage Rage, PRIDE, DREAM, UCMMA, the SFL, and K-1 Hero's.
When Lau Bun died in 1967, he started teaching and opened his first school when he was 19 years old.
His rank is 2nd dan black belt in Nippon Kempo.
Yuki Sasaki is a Japanese professional mixed martial artist that has fought for Shooto, DEEP, World Victory Road, Pancrase and the UFC.
Brian suffered a massive stroke in August 2001 while in Japan prior to a fight, at 32 years of age and 3 weeks after his wedding.
Mark won the match, showcasing both his wrestling prowess and the strength that the Hughes brothers are known for.
He competed in the Light Heavyweight division.
As of May 2017, she is the consensus #1 female strawweight, and #1 pound-for-pound female MMA fighter in the world.
Mackens Semerzier is an American professional mixed martial arts fighter.
Chase Beebe is an American professional mixed martial artist from Chicago, Illinois.
Michio Hikitsuchi was an aikido instructor and was the chief instructor of the Kumano Juku Dojo, in Shingu, Wakayama Prefecture, Japan, for fifty years.
After only a few more fights, she would again announce her retirement.
Loren was the Super Cruiserweight Champion of the SUPERKOMBAT Fighting Championship.
As of April 13, 2017, Reis is #3 in the official UFC flyweight rankings.
Takeda Sōkaku was known as the founder of a school of jujutsu known as Daitō-ryū Aiki-jūjutsu.
He formerly competed in the Middleweight and Welterweight divisions for the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
On 13 February he gave a fight gala rising sun 2.0 with his wife Samantha Lomulder.
Lee Hasdell is a RINGS veteran, fighting for them 22 times between 1996 and 2001, while also promoting RINGS UK.
Fu Zhongwen would often accept challenges from other martial artists, not once failing to uphold his master's honour.
Later in his career Gomi also competed in the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
She became nationally ranked at age 14 and internationally ranked at age 16.
He was appointed Regular Member of the Kukkiwon 2012 Seoul World Taekwondo Leaders Forum.
He made his return to Shooto on September 30, 2012 vs. Shigeki Osawa.
He is the former UFC Middleweight Champion.
His older brother José Reis is also a respected kickboxer.
A professional competitor since 2010, Lewis has also competed for Bellator MMA and Legacy FC, where he was the heavyweight champion.
When not teaching at the academy, Elias travels around the country holding seminars in the Caique Jiu-Jitsu network of schools and hosting BJJ tournaments.
Ross Pearson is an English mixed martial artist currently competing in the Lightweight division of the UFC.
She has competed professionally since 2010 and a WAKO-Pro runner up and mixed martial artist.
He is also chairman of C.I.K.A world
He is a former UFC Light Heavyweight Champion.
He started his professional mixed martial arts career in 2004.
He is known for his flying knees, devastating low kicks and strong punches.
James Nathaniel Toney is an American professional boxer.
Matthew Fredrick "Matt" Riddle is an American professional wrestler and former mixed martial artist.
A professional competitor since 2005, he has also formerly competed for the Tucson Scorpions of the IFL and Strikeforce.
From the age of 16, he has been fighting in a variety of full-contact competitions.
A professional competitor since 2007, Jansen has also formerly competed for the WEC and M-1 Global.
Rolando Perez is an American mixed martial artist who currently competes in Bellator's bantamweight division.
Qasim Beg, formerly known as Qasim Nisar, is an English kickboxer in the Super Lightweight division.
Mayra Lissette Conde is a professional Personal Trainer and mixed martial artist, who has also competed in bodybuilding, kickboxing and brazilian jiu-jitsu.
and "The greatest Fighter of his time".
Chris Scott Lytle is a retired American mixed martial artist, boxer and a veteran of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Bianca Tapilatu is married to Tomaž Barada, three times ITF World Champion and six times ITF European champion.
Chris Honeycutt is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in Bellator's welterweight division.
He is a former two time World Muay Thai Council Super Heavyweight Muaythai World Champion.
He is known for precise striking and his ability to keep a high pace.
Ikeda was born in Tokyo and began studying aikido in 1968 while attending college at Kokugakuin University in Tokyo.
He made his K-1 debut in 2001 at K-1 Czech Grand Prix 2001 in Prague against Takeru.
Saulo received his black belt in BJJ on November 27, 1995.
Serin Murray is an Australian mixed martial artist.
A professional competitor since 2007, Bowling has also formerly competed for the UFC and Strikeforce.
Marcio Ribeiro da Cruz is a Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu practitioner and mixed martial artist.
Shigeru Takashina was the founder and Chief Instructor of the South Atlantic Karate Association, an organization of the Japan Karate Association.
He was a contestant on The Ultimate Fighter 2 and also fought in the Strikeforce, EliteXC, King of the Cage, and Shooto promotions.
He holds a notable win over Ron Waterman.
On December 4, 2010, Brookins defeated Michael Johnson to become the Ultimate Fighter and earn a contract with the UFC.
Heath Sims is an American mixed martial artist, Olympic wrestler and MMA trainer.
Howard E. Jackson was a former World Kickboxing Champion, a World Muay Thai Champion, a world rated Karate point fighter, and a world rated boxing contender.
This book is also important to bibliophiles because it is the first Danish book to feature copperplate engravings.
Kiyotaka Shimizu is a Japanese mixed martial artist and current Super Flyweight King Of Pancrase.
He fought for the Tokyo Sabres in the International Fight League.
James was also a silver medalist at the 2007 Pan American Games in taekwondo.
Ueda won the vacant title after defeating Koetsu Okazai on March 28, 2008, by Unanimous Decision at Shooto's Back To Our Roots 8 show.
After three months he was called back to Tokyo and received a new chance to travel to Brazil.
Roberto de Abreu Filho is a super heavy weight Brazilian jiu-jitsu fighter currently living in the United States.
He currently holds one of the longest undefeated streaks in MMA with 24 wins.
Magomedrasul Magomedalievich Khasbulaev is a Russian mixed martial artist of Avar heritage at one time fought in the Featherweight division for the Bellator Fighting Championships.
Ustinov currently resides in Minsk, Belarus, but remains a Russian citizen and competes under the Russian flag.
Ryan Drew Thomas is an American mixed martial artist who competed in the Welterweight division.
Stephan Fox is a former Muaythai World Champion and the current General Secretary of IFMA and Vice-President of the WMC.
In mixed martial arts, he holds notable victories over Renzo Gracie, Jeremy Horn, Ikuhisa Minowa, Masakatsu Funaki and Kazushi Sakuraba.
Glaube Araújo Feitosa is a Brazilian former kickboxer and a kyokushin full contact karate practitioner who was competing in K-1.
Moriteru Ueshiba is a Japanese master of aikido.
He won a bronze medal in the half-middleweight division at the 2004 Summer Olympics, despite breaking his arm fighting the semifinal.
He is also the brother-in-law of UFC fighter Stephen Thompson.
He started competing in the senior category in 2006, and has won both European and World titles in the Male Kumite -60 kg category.
Rico Verhoeven is a Dutch kickboxer and current Glory Heavyweight Champion.
Haga's father, Yoshio, was also a judoka.
Du was a user of opium even at this young age, and Xu openly disapproved of the habit.
Rodney Wallace is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the Light Heavyweight division.
Pague is currently a Professional Boxer after announcing his switch from MMA in January, 2016.
Jesse Juarez is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the Welterweight division of the Absolute Championship Berkut.
He captured the UFC Welterweight Championship immediately after, becoming the first of only four to win both accolades.
Robert Lawrence MacDonald is a Canadian mixed martial artist.
MMA two round eyes Rings Russia he lost in a decision at 1R 2:24 to Mikhail Ilyukhin.
Silviu Dorin Vulc more commonly known as Silviu Vulc is a Romanian heavyweight mixed martial artist.
From 1998 to 2004 he worked as the trainer and sparring partner for Francisco Filho.
Gigō Funakoshi was the third son of Gichin Funakoshi and is widely credited with developing the foundation of the modern karate Shotokan style.
Dean Richard Lister is an American mixed martial artist and a former King of the Cage Middleweight Champion.
He competed in the bantamweight, featherweight and lightweight divisions.
Rameau Thierry Sokoudjou Nkamhoua, mostly billed simply as Sokoudjou, is a Cameroonian professional mixed martial artist.
He earned a notable victory over Vale Tudo pioneer Marco Ruas in 1998.
He won his last fight at Ringside MMA - Rivalry against Dan Chambers on November 14, 2009.
He wrote the book 《詠春寶鑑》 and has produced instructional DVDs.
Celso Vinicius is a Brazilian jiu-jitsu competitor and a mixed martial artist.
Domaine Jean-Luc Colombo is a French wine producer and negociant in the Rhône Valley.
In 2011, Salaverry decided to return to MMA after 3 years out.
before  In 1977 in Tokyo he became the first non-Japanese world champion.
She began judo at the age of 5.
He played Wing Chun grandmaster Ip Man in the 2008 film Ip Man, which was a box office success.
He currently fights for Bellator Fighting Championships and North American Allied Fight Series.
Brett McDermott is an English mixed martial artist and retired professional rugby league player.
He currently serves as the UFC on Fox analyst and color commentator for UFC Fight Night.
He has been teaching his martial art since the 1960s, and has written several books on karate.
The arts that he has inherited include:
Throughout his career, Sonnen has also fought in the UFC, WEC and Pancrase.
Erik Jon Koch is an American mixed martial artist who currently fights as a Lightweight in the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
A professional competitor since 2006, he has also formerly competed for Strikeforce and King of the Cage.
She competes mainly in shoot boxing, where she has won the 2009, 2010, 2012 and 2014 Shoot Boxing Girls S-Cup tournaments.
Timothy Samuel Elliott is an American mixed martial artist who currently competes in the Flyweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
He is also a three-time wushu national champion and European wushu champion.
Mario Borzic is a mixed martial artist.
Curtis Millender is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in Bellator's welterweight division.
Michael Mucitelli is an American professional mixed martial artist who competed in Bellator's Light Heavyweight division.
Brock Orville Larson is a retired American professional mixed martial artist who competed in the Welterweight and Middleweight divisions.
He has also competed in the IFL, Affliction, Shooto, and Jungle Fight.
Alberto Lewis Crane is an American mixed martial artist.
Ai TakahashiMay 11, 1982) is a Japanese kickboxer.
He is the father of several children including, Renzo Gracie, Keila Gracie, Charles Gracie, Ralph Gracie, Robson Gracie Jr. and the late Ryan Gracie.
Jack Nilson is an American mixed martial artist.
Hill currently fights for the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Alexandre "Xande" Ribeiro, is a Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu practitioner, mixed martial artist and submission wrestler.
They had two daughters and a son—Joliette, Cécilia, and Nicolas—all holders of black belts in taekwondo.
Francisco Rivera Jr. is an American mixed martial artist.
At this time Mr. Chang Ung’s name was never mentioned.
Before taking up MMA, he was a highly accomplished judoka.
Won Kuk Lee was a Korean martial artist, who founded Chung Do Kwan.
He is one of the founders of the Brazilian Top Team and is the current leader.
Lana Stefanac is an American BJJ practitioner and mixed martial artist.
Shawn Bunch is an American mixed martial artist who competes in Bellator's bantamweight division.
She has fought in Invicta FC and Bellator.
He is the eldest of the five Machado Brothers, known for BJJ, that also includes Roger, Rigan, Jean Jacques and John.
Alexander Randle "Alex" White is an American mixed martial artist, who competes as a featherweight in the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
After the UFC bouts, his next fight was scheduled to be against the Cuban/Australian judoka Hector Lombard in the Australian promotion Cage Fighting Championships.
Armen Petrosyan is an Armenian-Italian kickboxer who competes in the middleweight division.
He has also competed for the UFC, PRIDE, Sengoku, Palace Fighting Championships, BodogFIGHT, and DEEP.
Robert also currently holds the Guinness World Record for most full contact punch strikes in one minute.
He won Rajadamnern Stadium champion at welterweight in Muay Thai on January 21, 2001.
Rafael trains with the fighting stable American Top Team and is the Head Trainer at American Top Team Deerfield Beach.
He formerly fought for the PRIDE Fighting Championships and for the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Steve "Lion Heart" Vigneault is a Canadian mixed martial artist.
James Adam McSweeney is an English mixed martial artist and former kickboxer.
He competed in the UFC, Bellator, Adrenaline MMA, King of the Cage and YAMMA Pit Fighting.
Hiroya Takada is a Japanese mixed martial artist who competed in the Heavyweight division.
Colleen was a contestant in season 18 of The Ultimate Fighter reality competition television show.
He is known for a fierce spinning heel kick and Sambo style grappling.
The Australian Shorinjiryu Karatedo group, previously students of Masayuki Hisataka from 1977 to 1995, became students of Shunji Watanabe between 2007 and 2011.
A professional competitor since 2001, Riggs formerly competed for the UFC, WEC, Strikeforce, Bellator, ProElite, and King of the Cage.
After 2000 he was accused of training the members of KLA in Kosovo, which made him reject fighting in Serbia for some time.
He fights out of Sacramento, California and trains with Urijah Faber at Ultimate Fitness.
Born in Eindhoven, Netherlands, Aerts began training in Muay Thai and kickboxing at the age of fourteen.
He has also formerly competed for Strikeforce, the WEC, ShoMMA, HDNet Fights, and represented the Chicago Red Bears in the IFL.
A professional competitor since 2001, Ishida also participated in the Yarennoka event in the Saitama Super Arena in Japan.
Huang emigrated to Singapore in 1956 and then in the 60’s moved to Malaysia, both times with the expressed purpose of propagating the art of taijiquan.
A professional MMA competitor since 2003, Mann has mostly fought in England and Japan.
Justine Kish is an Russian-American mixed martial artist who competes in the Ultimate Fighting Championship Strawweight division.
He co-authored his second book, "Testimonials of a Legendary Champion" in 2013.
He is also attained the rank of black belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in 2011.
The organization teaches Keijutsukai Aikido and Keijutsu.
He competed in the Light heavyweight division.
This is why in Bruce Lee's Jeet Kune Do there is no trace of training methods of Liuhebafa, but theoretical concepts and inspirations are clear.
He is ranked 9th dan black belt and is the first European to have been promoted to Grandmaster by the International Taekwon-Do Federation.
He was diagnosed with acute leukemia on August 17, 2000.
He is also the brother of professional wrestler Yuji Nagata.
Timothy Jerome "TJ" Grant is a retired Canadian mixed martial artist who most recently competed in the Lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Keiji Ozaki is a Japanese taekwondo practitioner and a kickboxer.
He is also a two-time WWE United States Champion.
Yuri Villefort is a Brazilian mixed martial artist who competes in the welterweight division.
His best wins were in contests with former UFC Light Heavyweight Champions and UFC Hall of Famers Chuck Liddell and Forrest Griffin.
Vitali Akhramenko is a Belarusian Heavyweight kickboxer and a former World Muay Thai champion.
A professional competitor since 2006, he has also formerly competed for the UFC, Bellator, and was a contestant on The Ultimate Fighter: Team Lesnar vs.
In 1987, Gussje was given Order of Orange-Nassau.
He is a member of the Martial Arts Hall of Fame and the Karate Hall of Fame.
Although 1998 was his last Grand Prix win, he continues to compete and reached the final a further three times.
His brothers Ralph Gracie and the late Ryan Gracie were also famous fighters.
Remy Kenneth Bonjasky is a Dutch-Surinamese former super heavyweight kickboxer.
As of March 2015 the other Supreme Grandmasters are: Ciriaco Cañete and Dionisio Canete.
Holding multiple titles at her amateur career, with an outstanding professional record, Şahin is regarded as a strong fighter.
He is also the co-founder of Pancrase, one of the first mixed martial arts organizations and non-rehearsed shoot wrestling promotions.
He is a K-1 MAX and It's Showtime regional champion who has also won medals for Portugal at amateur level.
Mackenzie Lynne Dern is a Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu practitioner and mixed martial artist.
He is the former Cage Rage British Middleweight Champion.
He is the former King of Pancrase Middleweight Champion.
Sanae Kikuta is a Japanese mixed martial artist who rose to popularity fighting in the Pancrase organization.
Since retiring from competitive karate Guus is now a dental technician.
Barry retired from MMA in late 2013 and returned to kickboxing the following year, joining Glory.
Since 2007, she is the world champion in professional full contact kickboxing in the World Kickboxing Association.
A professional competitor since 2001, Lawler is also a former EliteXC Middleweight Champion, and has formerly competed in Strikeforce, PRIDE, and the IFL.
In 1978, he set up his own club called Konjaku Shin, at a photography club in Cleethorpes.
Edward Leonard "Ed" O'Neill is an American actor and comedian.
Joe "The Ghetto Man" Charles is an American mixed martial artist.
He holds a notable win over Ramon Dekkers from the King's Cup in 1996 and a notable K-1 loss to Buakaw Por.
In 2015 Chommanee Sor Taehiran won the first World Muay Thai Angels tournament.
Matthew Vincent Arroyo is an American professional mixed martial artist.
He has had notable victories over other former World Champions, such as Gurkan Ozkan by Unanimous points decision, and 'Diamond' Dale Westerman by Knockout.
The Baguio native made his first Martial Combat debut on June 17, 2010, defeating Slovakian fighter Egon Racz via guillotine choke early in the first round.
In 1955 Huang Sheng Shyan along with eight fellow students of Cheng Man-Ching, represented the Shih Chung Association, in the Provincial Chinese Martial Arts Tournament.
Hiroki Kita is a Japanese mixed martial artist.
He has developed his own method which he calls Non-Classical GungFu.
Shiko Yamashita is a Japanese mixed martial artist.
Bobby Ologun is a Nigerian-born TV personality in Japan, and a mixed martial artist.
Garcia is a black belt in Brazilian jiu-jitsu under Fabio Gurgel of Team Alliance.
Kazuo Takahashi, ring name Yoshiki Takahashi is a Japanese retired mixed martial artist.
Yoshida's status as a top student of Sōkaku's is undisputed, and he is in fact credited with introducing Morihei Ueshiba, founder of Aikido, to Sōkaku.
He is a former Lumpinee Stadium and three-time world Muay Thai champion.
Nazareno Malegarie is an Argentine mixed martial artist, and a two-time BJJ World Champion.
Rory Michael Singer is an American mixed martial artist.
As of July 2017, he is #9 in the official UFC lightweight rankings.
He holds wins over Tito Ortiz, Masakatsu Funaki, Yuki Kondo, Semmy Schilt, and Minoru Suzuki.
He has formerly competed for the WEC, King of the Cage, and Tachi Palace Fights.
At the age of 14, Thompson had an article in Black Belt Magazine.
A professional competitor since 2008, he has also competed for M-1 Global.
In his later years he taught a number of noted martial artists, and was honoured by the All Japan Kendo Federation after his death.
Khasbulaev is a Combat Sambo Russia National Champion.
He is a three-time French Kickboxing Champion.
He was the last International Fight League Middleweight Champion, representing the New York Pitbulls.
Igor Mihaljević is a Croatian heavyweight kickboxer, fighting out of Karlovac.
In 2011, Haga won the Universiade in Shenzhen.
Ronnie Mann is an English professional mixed martial artist who competes in the featherweight division.
Brodie Kyle Farber is an American mixed martial artist.
Chen came from an educated family with roots in Qishui, Hubei, China.
El Hadj is trained by his brother Hamid El Hadj.
Anthony "TJ" Waldburger Jr. is an American mixed martial artist who competes in the welterweight division.
Bruce Codron is a French kickboxer who trains in Mazan, France.
Kenpo Instructor of the Year, Inside Kung-Fu, 1984
As of March 16, 2017, he is #6 in official UFC Heavyweight rankings.
Abbott was the first fighter to regularly wear what would be known as traditional MMA gloves in the UFC.
Igor Volodymyrovych Maksymenko — — master of sports of Ukraine of the international class in kickboxing and taekwondo, winner of World Cup in kickboxing.
I began training MMA about 3 months later, and took my first pro fight 3 months after that.
She is also one of only two wushu athletes who have ever received the "Ten Best Athletes in China" award.
Prior to his appearance on TUF, Hall competed in Bellator MMA and Ring of Combat, where he saw success in winning the ROC Championship.
One round eye MMA Rings Russia was held in Ekaterinburg.
Anatoly Moiseev is a Russian Lightweight kickboxer.
Despite some inconsistent performances, Murthel won the vacant E.M.T.A.
He is a four-time Muay Thai World champion, K-1 World GP 2003 in Paris and K-1 World GP 2001 in Nagoya tournament champion.
A professional mixed martial arts since 2004, Lawson holds a record of 9–5.
Ali Shamilevich Bagautinov is a Dargin-Russian professional mixed martial artist who competed in the Flyweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
During his early years as an uchi-deshi, he was instrumental in developing the Yoshinkan's current pedagogical system along with Takashi Kushida in consultation with Gozo Shioda.
He also operates his own website at Matt Arroyo.com
Andrew Peck is a New Zealand kickboxer.
David G Dangerfield is one of Australia's senior professional Budo instructors.
Throughout his career, the professional fighters Melanson has trained include: Randy Couture, Karo Parisyan, Gray Maynard, Todd Duffee, Goran Reljic, Chael Sonnen, Vitor Belfort, and others.
A native of the nation of South Korea he won numerous titles including the Asian Martial Arts Championship Tournament.
His first international appearance was with the KUGB squad in the European Championships in Sweden in 1978, where he came 2nd in the senior kata event.
Lesnar returned at UFC 141 in December, losing to Alistair Overeem and promptly retiring from MMA.
Tatsuya Kawajiri is a Japanese mixed martial artist currently signed to the Rizin Fighting Federation where he competes in the Featherweight division.
In 2011, he sold his share in Team Quest and moved to Singapore to become the head of the wrestling program at Evolve MMA.
Samuel-Leport received the 1989 Sunday Times International Sports Woman of the Year and 1987 Jamaican Jubliee Award for Excellence.
In September 2007 she joined the Philadelphia Fight Factory and trained with fighters like Zach Makovsky and Eddie Alvarez.
In 2000, the United States Ju-Jitsu Federation promoted him to 9th Dan in jujitsu and taihojutsu.
Charles Rosa is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Featherweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
He currently holds an 8th dan in Judo.
Sekō Higa was a Gojū Ryū karate teacher who was born in Naha.
Yukio Kawabe, also known as "Tamakairiki", was a Japanese Sumo wrestler and mixed martial artist who fought in Pride Fighting Championships and Pancrase.
Sean Strickland is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the UFC's Welterweight division.
He has since fought in Dream and more recently the World Extreme Cagefighting promotion.
At the moment of his departure from UFC in July 2017, he was #4 in the official UFC middleweight rankings.
She has participated in eight national teams for the United States.
Khalidov is currently undefeated in the promotion.
His favorite judo technique is Sode Tsuri Komi Goshi, and his most effective is Juji Gatame.
Hiroshi Tsuruya is a Japanese mixed martial artist.
Kazuhiro Sakamoto is a Japanese mixed martial artist.
Marcello was also a competitor on The Ultimate Fighter: Live.
As of August 4th 2017, he is #6 in official UFC heavyweight rankings.
Peter "George" Urban was an American Martial Art Science Philosopher, Poet-Warrior and Innovative Leader.
Komanov is a two-time world champion and a seven-time European champion.
He is the founder, president and chief instructor for the “National Karate Institute Scotland” a member of the World Karate Confederation.
As of May 31, 2016, he is #5 in the official UFC featherweight rankings  and ranked the #3 featherweight in the world by Sherdog.
However the highly anticipated matchup never materialized between the two sides.
Huang was adjudged champion in the taijiquan section and runner-up in the open section.
Neil Seery is a retired Irish professional mixed martial artist, who most recently competed in the flyweight division of the UFC.
He currently holds a record of 22–12.
Following Rhee's departure from Texas, Steen set up his own school in Dallas, which grew into a network of schools throughout the state.
He holds notable wins over Anderson Silva, Mark Munoz, Hector Lombard, Alan Belcher, Nate Marquardt, Evan Tanner and Mike Swick.
Vinicius de Magalhães, is a Brazilian mixed martial artist who competes in the World Series of Fighting's Light Heavyweight division.
He has competed for BAMMA, Bellator, and M-1 Challenge.
In 1951 he developed a personal system of his named Eskrido.
Alexander James Gong was an American Muay Thai kickboxer.
He won his last fight at XFC 1 - Xtreme Fight Club 1 against Johnnie Brown on November 14, 2003.
Traven started coaching at the “Academia Strike”, and soon pulled out one of his students, Muzio de Angelis, to help him with the classes.
I believe that whatever the outcome will be: IT IS THE LAST WISHES OF GENERAL CHOI HONG HI.
He appears in the opening scenes and some of his techniques were also used within the fight scenes of the movie proper.
Saenchaimuaythaigym is a Thai Muay Thai fighter, originally from Buriram, in the northeast of Thailand, but now fighting out of Bangkok.
Carson Beebe is an American professional mixed martial artist who currently competes for the World Series of Fighting.
Branch was the inaugural World Series of Fighting Light Heavyweight and Middleweight Champion.
Stavros Economou is an English mixed martial artist of Cypriot descent, who fights at heavyweight.
An author, entrepreneur, philanthropist and social activist, he is a color commentator for Showtime Networks and was a brand spokesman for Strikeforce.
He was the first DREAM Featherweight Champion and DREAM Bantamweight Champion, and currently the ONE Bantamweight Champion.
David Aloua is a New Zealand professional cruiserweight boxer.
Reyson Gracie is a 9th degree red belt in BJJ.
Murilo Bustamante is a Brazilian mixed martial artist and former UFC Middleweight Champion.
He was 2 meters tall and during his competitive career weighed approximately 120 kilograms.
A professional MMA competitor since 2008, Edwards has also formerly competed for Bellator, and was a competitor on The Ultimate Fighter: Team Lesnar vs.
Alexander Aristides "Alex" Reid is an English mixed martial artist, kickboxer, and actor.
Maureen Braziel was one of the pioneers of Women's Judo competition.
Coban "The Cruncher" Lookchaomaesaitong is a Thai former Muay Thai kickboxer and World Champion.
He has been consistently ranked as one of the top flyweight in the world by Sherdog's Official Mixed Martial Arts Rankings.
He was born October 30, 1970 in his hometown of Danvers, Massachusetts, and was trained by his father James Pedro, a 1976 Olympic Alternate.
Joop Kasteel, also known as 'de zwarte parel' is a former Dutch mixed martial artist.
A professional competitor since 2004, Saunders has also formerly competed for Bellator.
Because of his skills in these five areas he was often referred to as the "Master of Five Excellences."
He has also formerly competed for Vale Tudo Japan.
He was best known as one of the famed "Five Northern Tigers," and a third-generation master of Baguazhang who founded Fu Style Baguazhang.
Ronnie Green is a retired British professional kickboxer who is a former four-time world champion.
She is currently signed with Invicta FC.
7 ranked light heavyweight in official UFC rankings.
She was previously an unsuccessful candidate in the Leytonstone ward of Waltham Forest council at the 2014 election.
She is a member of the Kocaeli Büyükşehir Belediyesi Kağıt SK.
Malaipet is a Thai professional Muay Thai fighter and kickboxer and former mixed martial arts.
Renzo Gracie is a Brazilian mixed martial artist and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu practitioner.
Perpétuo was a competitor on The Ultimate Fighter: Brazil.
During the height of his career in 2000 and 2001 he was considered to be one of the top pound for pound fighters in MMA.
Hiroyuki Kanno is a Japanese mixed martial artist.
A professional competitor since 2002, he has also competed in M-1 Global and Shooto.
She was a US "Visitor", having participated in the International Visitor Leadership Programme of the US Government.
However, at the age of 20, he injured his knee and shoulder and had to give up judo.
He is the former Japanese national champion of kickboxing sanctioned by All Japan Kickboxing Federation at welterweight.
A professional competitor since 2003, he has also formerly competed for King of the Cage.
He is known as the founder of Yang-style t'ai chi ch'uan.
Mirko Filipović is a Croatian heavyweight mixed martial artist, kickboxer, boxer, politician, and law enforcement officer.
Makwan Amirkhani is a Kurdish born with Finnish nationality mixed martial artist  competing in the featherweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
During that time he introduced Tomiki's randori method to university aikido clubs under Kobayashi's control.
Angi Uezu is the former head of one of the major Isshin-ryu karate organizations, the Okinawan Isshin-Ryu Karate Kobudo Association.
After his loss to Akira Kikuchi he won 15 consecutive fights over six years, until his loss to Georges St-Pierre.
He also owns an MMA training gym called Punishment Training Center, which is located in his hometown of Huntington Beach, California.
He formally fought in the WEC's bantamweight division.
Luiz Firmino de Carvalho Júnior, commonly known as Luiz Buscapé, is a Brazilian mixed martial artist, who fights at Lightweight.
Jason DeLucia is a retired American mixed martial artist.
Tsuruoka was appointed a member of the Order of Ontario in 1998 for his significant contribution to martial arts.
Black Belt magazine voted Urquidez "Competitor of the Year" in 1978.
He won by TKO in the 5th round.
On 5 June 2015, he also signed with GLORY.
Gerard Gordeau is a Dutch former savateur, karateka, and mixed martial artist.
In 2009, Palomino fought for Bellator Fighting Championships, where he competed in their Featherweight Tournament.
He became the national coach of Japan.
In 2005, he was designated the International Standard Bearer of Hong's Practical Method by the Hong family in a ceremony held in Jinan, China.
William "Bill" Louis Wallace is an American martial artist who was a Professional Karate Association world full-contact karate champion.
He started training under Chuck Norris at his Sherman Oaks, California Karate school; and earned his first black belt in 1978.
Menor has also appeared on television shows such as Fight Science and Stan Lee's Superhumans including the film Here Comes the Boom.
Mogi has participated in MMA promotions Smackgirl, Shooto and Valkyrie.
Budnik has been a resident of Sparta Township, New Jersey.
He then signed with the Ultimate Fighting Championship the following October.
Nakama taught karate in Shuri, Okinawa, from c. 1935 to 1982.
He also won the Zadar County Sportsman of the Year Award for 2007, 2008 and 2009.
A fictionalised version of his life is depicted in the 2005 movie Chok-Dee, in which he plays himself.
He is the only man to defeat multiple-time BJJ champion Roger Gracie in the ADCC Submission Wrestling World Championship tournament.
Various Choy Li Fut branches have differing versions of how Choy Li Fut was founded or even created.
A professional competitor from 2009-2013, Melancon also formerly competed for Strikeforce and Bellator.
Deividas Taurosevičius is a Lithuanian mixed martial artist.
Shioda held the rank of 10th dan in aikido.
Those of us who are aware of it are going to be involved in making entertainment from beginning to end".
He is founder of the Moo Sool Do form of martial arts and is president of the World Academy of Martial Arts, LLC.
Around 1960, Shin emigrated to the USA intending to seek a position in a pharmaceutical company.
Joseph John Valtellini is a retired Canadian Muay Thai kickboxer who competed in the super middleweight division.
He currently remains as Executive Advisor and senior instructor of that dojo.
In November 2014 he became an inductee of the Legends of MMA Hall of Fame, alongside Big John McCarthy, Pat Miletich, and Fedor Emelianenko.
He co-hosts The Fighter and the Kid, a weekly podcast with comedian Bryan Callen, as well as his own podcast called Big Brown Breakdown.
It is sometimes referred to as Kuniba-ha Karate-do.
He lost his last fight at Shooto - Treasure Hunt 1 against Masanori Suda on January 12, 2002.
Bradley Kaipo Sarbida Tavares is an American mixed martial artist who competes in the Middleweight division for the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
A professional competitor since 1999, Fickett has also formerly competed for the UFC, Strikeforce, DREAM, Cage Rage, the XFC, MFC, and King of the Cage.
Although his rival yokozuna Takanohana won more tournaments in this period, their individual head-to-heads remained very close.
She currently fights for the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
As of October 2016, he is ranked the #10 heavyweight in the world by Combat Press.
D'Angelo Marshall is a Curaçaoan-Dutch kickboxer, who is signed to the SUPERKOMBAT.
A professional competitor since 1996, he has formerly competed for the UFC, PRIDE, DREAM, Shooto, Vale Tudo Japan, DEEP, and participated in the Yarennoka!, Dynamite!!
He has fought for most of his career in the Shooto organization.
In 1991 he won a silver medal at the WTF World Championship in Athens.
43 form has been created by Yang Chengfu just a few years before his death and undergone small edit by Master Jiang Yukun.
Dr. Shaner also serves as Professor emeritus  at Furman University in Greenville, South Carolina where he taught for thirty years.
He also travels frequently to conduct seminars both in the United States and abroad.
During his life he taught in various European countries, most notably in Denmark where he was the fencing instructor of King Christian IV.
Ido Pariente is an Israeli mixed martial arts fighter and trainer.
He is the father of Roger Gracie.
In kickboxing, he is a former It's Showtime Champion, and in MMA he was the Cage Rage Light Heavyweight Champion.
During the end of 2008 Warren started transitioning to mixed martial arts, and on March 8, 2009, he made his professional debut.
"Top Ten Karate Competitors" Karate Illustrated, 1972
He has won the JKA All-Japan championships for kumite on 2 occasions.
A professional MMA competitor since 2002, Ring fought in various promotions.
One of the oldest students of Hidetaka Nishiyama starting in 1961, Yabe is considered one of the great instructors of Japanese traditional Shotokan Karate.
Teruyuki Okazaki, a tenth degree black belt in Shotokan Karate, is the founder and chief instructor of the International Shotokan Karate Federation.
He won the IVC Heavyweight Championship in 1999.
She is considered Japan's first female mixed martial artist.
Most recently, he's competed in MMA and currently has an MMA record of 8 wins, 3 losses and 1 draw.
He a x2 Muay Thai amateur world champion and is the former World Full Contact Association Thai-boxing junior middleweight world champion.
He is a two-time professional strongman champion of New Zealand and competed in the K-1 Kings of Oceania in 2006 and 2007.
Molly Irene Samuel-Leport MBE is a British karateka.
He was ranked as the top fighter in the Professional Karate League and in the California Karate League.
Bow-sim Mark is a martial arts master who lives in Newton, Massachusetts, US.
He competed in the Featherweight, Lightweight and Welterweight division.
He competed in the heavyweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship, where he is a former Interim UFC Heavyweight Champion.
He runs the GriffonRawl MMA Academy in Mentor, Ohio, and previously hosted an MMA oriented radio talk show on WWGK Radio in Cleveland.
Villasenor is the former King of the Cage Middleweight Champion, and defended this title seven times before vacating it to sign with PRIDE.
He is the current Bellator Bantamweight champion.
Robert "Bob" Gilstrap is an American former mixed martial artist who competed in the Heavyweight division.
Tahara was defeated by Rambaa Somdet in a bout for the vacant Shooto Flyweight Champion on November 23, 2009 at Shooto - Revolutionary Exchanges 3.
Iouri Bekichev is a Russian mixed martial artist.
Hermes França Barros is a Brazilian mixed martial artist.
His students include Olympic competitors Joe Wanag and Teimoc Johnston-Ono.
Cramer currently fights for Bellator Fighting Championships in their middleweight division, holding a record of 8-2 for the promotion.
Sports Illustrated, among other publications, named him the top MMA fighter of the decade.
Jones won the UFC Light Heavyweight Championship in March 2011 at the age of 23, becoming the youngest champion in UFC history.
Namekawa made his Mixed martial arts debut for Fighting Network Rings in 1998.
He is the former 105 lbs Lumpinee Stadium champion and is currently ranked number 1 at 130 lbs.
Cunningham has written two books, the first of which, a kickboxing training manual "Civilized Warring", was published in 1995.
Masakatsu Ueda is a professional Japanese mixed martial artist who currently competes in the bantamweight division for Shooto where he is the former Featherweight champion.
He studies physical education and sports at Sakarya University.
Rambaa Somdet is a Thai mixed martial artist and former thaiboxer who has fought for K-1, Shooto, DEEP and Palace Fighting Championship.
Ologun most notably fought Thai kickboxer Buakaw Por.
He won the King of Kumite title in 2012.
Dustin Glenn Poirier is an American mixed martial artist, currently competing as a Lightweight in the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Jiang Rong Qiao 姜容樵, 1891-1974 was a famous martial artist from Hebei.
A professional competitor since 2005, Chad has fought in the WEC, Bellator, Tachi Palace, BAMMA and many other MMA Organizations.
A professional competitor since 2006, Mein has also formerly competed for Strikeforce and King of the Cage.
He holds a professional MMA Record of 25 wins, 16 losses and 4 draws.
As a mixed martial artist, Mercer is known for scoring an upset one-punch knockout victory over former UFC heavyweight champion Tim Sylvia in 2009.
Momir Petković is a Serbian Olympic wrestling champion.
Tyrone Clinton Spong is a Surinamese-Dutch professional boxer and former kickboxer and mixed martial artist.
Tomita was known as one of the "Four Kings" of Kōdōkan judo for his victorious efforts in competing against jujitsu schools.
Hamill also has a silver medal in Greco-Roman Wrestling and a gold medal in Freestyle Wrestling from the 2001 Summer Deaflympics.
Leite started training Brazilian Jiu-jitsu when he was 12 years old under Ryan Gracie.
He serves as a captain of the Nihon University Judo Team.
Matthew Burton Brown is an American mixed martial artist currently signed to the Ultimate Fighting Championship in the Welterweight division.
He won his last fight at Bellator 9 against Christian Fulgram on May 29, 2009.
Constantinos "Costas" Philippou is a retired Cypriot mixed martial artist of Greek ethnicity, formerly fighting for the UFC in the Middleweight division.
His legacy continues on today through the practitioners of Shorinjiryu Kenkokan Karate and the various derivative schools based on Shorinjiryu Kenkokan Karatedo.
He submitted Duane Ludwig and defeated Rodrigo Gracie and Renzo Gracie before eventually re-signing with the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Kuo Lien Ying, born in Inner Mongolia, China, was one of the most distinguished and revered martial artists of the twentieth century.
Vanessa Alessandra Teixeira Porto is a Brazilian mixed martial artist and amateur boxer who competes in the Invicta Fighting Championships flyweight division.
Eugene is a founder member of the English Karate Governing Board for whom he is Senior Coach.
He held the rank of 9th dan in karate.
Faith Van Duin is a New Zealand mixed martial artist currently competing in the Featherweight division of Invicta Fighting Championships.
He was a competitor on Spike TV's The Ultimate Fighter: Team Bisping vs.
He received his 9th dan from Shioda Gozo in 1992.
He held the rank of 8th dan in judo.
In 2009, Mrs. Choi Chun Hi, widow of General Choi Hong Hi spoke at the 19th ITF Congress in St. Petersburg, Russia.
Vic Charles MBE is a British karateka.
He's the winner of The Ultimate Fighter: American Top Team vs. Blackzilians
He is stated to be the inventor of the anaconda choke from his days in Luta Livre.
Damien Alamos is a retired French Muay Thai kickboxer who lives in Thailand.
He moved to the United States in 1972.
Derrick James Lewis is an American professional mixed martial artist, currently competing in the Heavyweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Green also made an appearance on the MTV/MTV2 reality show Bully Beatdown.
Tate has also signed a contract with Fox Sports, joining the UFC analytical desk for FS1.
Alp Ozkilic, full name Alptekin Özkılıç is a Turkish-American mixed martial artist, who formerly competed as a Flyweight in the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Takumi Nakayama is a Japanese mixed martial artist and current King of Pancrase Featherweight Champion.
He currently wrestles for Dradition Pro Wrestling and All Japan Pro Wrestling.
After his kickboxing career Ballantine also took part in Mixed martial arts competition, winning three Rings Dutch championships.
The 1.80 m tall athlete is member of the Sarıyer Belediyespor in Istanbul.
A professional competitor since 2008, Girtz has also formerly competed for King of the Cage.
Mikhail Zayats is an ethnic Russian professional mixed martial artist currently competing in Bellator's Light Heavyweight division.
Ricardo Funch is a Brazilian professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Welterweight division.
In his fifth and final fight at UFC 21 on July 16, 1999, he was knocked out by Eugene Jackson.
A professional competitor since 2003, he has formerly competed for the UFC, Bellator, and was a competitor on Spike TV's The Ultimate Fighter: Team Bisping vs.
Fame and fortune did not change Hong.
From 1997 to 2014, Saitō served as the elected Chairman of the Nihon Kobudō Shinkōkai, Japan's oldest classical martial arts association.
Unfortunately Drysdale's career is tarnished by multiple failed drug tests.
Tonya Evinger is an American mixed martial artist.
Ludwig has been voted the Coach of the Year in 2013 and 2014.
Dewey Cooper is an American kickboxer and boxer who competes in the cruiserweight and heavyweight divisions.
Rocky Johnson is an American mixed martial artist.
He was the winner of Spike TV's The Ultimate Fighter: United States vs. United Kingdom.
Mário Neto, known as Sukata is a Brazilian mixed martial artist with a record of 12-5.
Robert Alan "Bob" Wall is an American actor and martial artist.
A professional competitor since 2004, Falcão has also had a one-fight stint with the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Along with Antônio Soshihiro Satake, he pioneered judo in Brazil, the United Kingdom, and other countries.
Curtis Bush is an American world champion kickboxer who competed in the welterweight, super-welterweight, light-middleweight and middleweight divisions.
He has also competed for Pancrase, Shooto, and World Victory Road.
Of Ueki, M. Nakayama wrote ‘the hands and feet of Masaaki Ueki are worth watching, for they are very fast and truly sharp.
Mitsuteru Ueshiba is referred to as Waka-sensei and this term was applied to Moriteru Ueshiba when II Dōshu Kisshomaru Ueshiba was still alive.
In June 2008, he became the oldest successful heart transplant recipient of the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center.
Bobby Ray Green is an American professional mixed martial artist who is currently under contract with the UFC, competing in their Lightweight division.
The Deputy of the State Duma from the liberal democratic party since 2011.
It was his belief that in order to learn martial arts one must harmonize the body, the breath, and the mind.
Brylan Van Artsdalen is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the featherweight division.
He is also undefeated in mixed martial arts competition.
Lupi a mother of three, had decided to change her career from being an actress to being a professional kickboxer, while still being a house wife.
Being a southpaw fighter, he is particularly known for his powerful left punch and his overall finishing abilities.
Hwang In-shik is one of the foremost Korean hapkido teachers today.
In addition to King of the Cage, Denny has also competed in the WEC, EliteXC, Shooto, MFC, and ShoXC.
Christopher Allen "Chris" Camozzi is an American professional mixed martial artist formerly competing in the Middleweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Alexander Yuryevich Stetsurenko is a Russian welterweight kickboxer, multiple Tatneft Cup champion, W5 World champion and GLORY kickboxer.
He served as taekwondo coach for the US Summer Olympic team in 1992.
Mitsuo Matsumoto is a Japanese mixed martial artist.
Mai Shiina is a Japanese instructor of Shotokan karate.
Andy Uhrich is an American mixed martial artist.
He also competed in PRIDE FC, Shooto and Rumble on the Rock.
Ayaka HamasakiMarch 31, 1982) is a Japanese female kickboxer and mixed martial artist.
On 27 October 2014 it was announced that Arlene Blencowe would be signing with Bellator MMA.
He has trained under Gene LeBell, Gokor Chivichyan, and Karo Parisyan.
Wallid Farid Ismail is a Brazilian mixed martial artist and promoter.
Teixeira obtained his first K-1 title in 2008 at K-1 World Grand Prix 2008 in Fukuoka by beating Keijiro Maeda in the final.
He is best known for his 12-fight stint in the UFC, holding an 8-4 record while fighting mostly as a Middleweight.
As of August 7, 2017, he is #4 in the official UFC featherweight rankings, and #5 Featherweight in the world by Sherdog.
Hollander was the fourth person ever to complete the 100-man kumite in 1967
He was six time amateur Russian kickboxing champion and the professional WMC and IMF Light Heavyweight World Muay Thai Champion.
He competed in the Featherweight and Lightweight divisions.
She signed with Invicta FC in June 2014.
Ricky is a two-time Pancrase World Champion at 149 lbs and a 1x Absolute Pancrase World Champion.
Johnny Hollywood is an American mixed martial artist who competes in the lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
He lived in Japan for two years where he became fluent in the Japanese language.
Donald "Don" Frye is an American former mixed martial artist, amateur and professional wrestler, UFC Hall of Famer and actor.
Arthur Alvin A. Aguilar is a martial artist and Mixed Martial Arts promoter better known as "Alvin Aguilar".
As of 1 August 2017, he is ranked the #4 welterweight in the world by CombatPress.com.
Rubens Charles Maciel, aka "Cobrinha" and sometimes referred to as Rubens "Cobrinha" Charles, is a Brazilian Jiu Jitsu competitor.
Fa had a successful amateur career, from beating Joseph Parker to competing at consecutive Commonwealth Games and Oceania Championships.
Trevor Stewardson is a boxer from Canada, competing in the light heavyweight division.
Rhee received martial art training under Nam Tae Hi and graduated from the Chung Do Kwan.
The third point is the stance, which must always be maintained whatever the situation to give maximum mobility.
Tedd Williams was the creator of the King of the Cage & Gladiator Challenge.
Water can flow, or it can crash.
Condit is the former Interim UFC Welterweight Champion and WEC Welterweight Champion.
Naoki Matsushita is a Japanese mixed martial artist.
For many years he was listed in the Guinness Book of Records regarding his rank and achievements.
His last fight with Lyoto Machida marked his 24th fight in the UFC, the tenth largest number of fights in the UFC.
Gegard Mousasi, is a Dutch mixed martial artist and former kickboxer currently competing in Bellator MMA.
She is the winner of multiple European Karate Championships and World Karate Championships Karate medals.
David Branch is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the Middleweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
He was the first Bulgarian mixed martial artist to fight in the Ultimate Fighting Championship in its middleweight division.
Danil Domdjoni is a Croatian karate fighter.
Jordan Tai is a New Zealand welterweight kickboxer and a middleweight boxer.
Depending on Sakugawa's birth date, Yara may have been his teacher also.
Azem Maksutaj is an Albanian-Swiss former kickboxer who competed in the lightweight, welterweight, middleweight, super middleweight, light heavyweight, cruiserweight and heavyweight divisions.
He currently fights at bantamweight and defended his WBC Mundo Hispano title by defeating Adonis Rivas by unanimous decision on March 4, 2011.
A professional MMA competitor since 2011, Warlley made a name for himself fighting at Jungle Fight.
Rômulo Barral is one of the top Brazilian Jiu Jitsu fighters in the “Meio Pesado” weight division.
He is a Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu black belt under Aldo "Caveirinha" Januário.
A professional competitor since 2007, he has also competed for CES MMA.
Leonardo Silva dos Santos is a Brazilian mixed martial artist currently competing in the Lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
He is known for his iron chin and brawling fighting style.
Rener has spent over twenty-five years at the Gracie Academy studying under Rorion and Helio Gracie.
Soshihiro Satake was a Japanese-born Brazilian martial artist and teacher.
Rated by experts as one of the greatest full contact fighters of all time, Sugarfoot was a superb technician who possessed high fighting I.Q.
Shane Bannister Carwin is an American mixed martial artist who formerly competed in the heavyweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Kedzie has been working for Invicta Fighting Championships as a fight commentator and interviewer.
John Paul Alessio is a Canadian professional mixed martial artist currently competing in Bellator's Lightweight division.
He is a former Shooto Lightweight Champion, and has also competed in the UFC, PRIDE, DREAM, Strikeforce, ONE FC.
In February 2005, the United States Ju-Jitsu Federation awarded him the rank of 7th dan in judo.
In April 2017, Marunde premiered as the cohost of the new HGTV show Flip or Flop Vegas.
Haeng Ung Lee was the co-founder and first Grand Master of the American Taekwondo Association.
Kengo Shimizu, is a Japanese middleweight kickboxer competing in RISE and GLORY promotion.
Ologun also made a cameo appearance in a Buju Banton music video.
In addition to her career in MMA, the BJJ purple belt competes in submission wrestling and Brazilian jiu-jitsu tournaments.
A professional competitor since 2009, O'Reilly was also a contestant on The Ultimate Fighter Nations: Canada vs. Australia.
He has been named Best National Player, Best National Referee and then Team Manager to the Beijing 2008 Nigerian Taekwondo Olympic Team.
Abbe was a graduate of the Budo Senmon Gakko, having studied judo and kendo there.
During his stay in Ryukyu, Kūsankū instructed Kanga Sakukawa.
Milana Dudieva is an Ossetian-born Russian mixed martial artist who competes in the Bantamweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
During his second term as Prime Minister, he was the Chairman of the ruling United Russia party.
In mixed martial arts, he has competed for the UFC, PRIDE, Strikeforce, DEEP, M-1 Global, and Shooto.
The current head of the dojo and chief instructor of the Shodokan Aikido Federation is Tetsuro Nariyama.
Dancrade is the former Boxing and Muay Thai champion of France.
He currently competes in the Bantamweight division of California based promotion King of the Cage.
Ryan Ford is a Canadian professional boxer and retired mixed martial artist who competed in the Welterweight division.
A professional competitor from 2001–2013, Chonan competed for the UFC, PRIDE, DEEP, DREAM, Pancrase, and World Victory Road.
Rodina also competed in mixed martial arts.
The Place of Peace was donated to Furman University by the Tsuzuki family.
He is currently fights in the lightweight division of the Absolute Championship Berkut.
Later he became a student of Choshin Chibana, founder of KobayashiShorin-ryu.
He defeated the likes of Wanderlei Silva, Vitor Belfort, Forrest Griffin, Ryan Bader, Evan Tanner, Chael Sonnen, and Ken Shamrock three times.
Antuan Siangboxing is a French Muay Thai kickboxer who trains in Thailand.
He was one of the pioneering heavyweight fighters in K-1, after being a member of Kazuyoshi Ishii's Seido-Kaikan school and organization.
As of 2 November 2015, he is ranked the #3 welterweight in the world by GLORY.
As of 24 July 2017, he is ranked the #1 middleweight in the world by LiverKick.com.
Chris Clements is a Canadian professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Welterweight division.
A professional competitor since 2006, he has also competed for Pancrase.
He was selected as the Olympic Alternate.
He is the former Bellator Light Heavyweight Champion.
At this time Hazard lived in Leyton, East London, and Dewey arranged for him to join the Brighton Karate Club.
As a wrestler, he was an Olympic gold medalist freestyle wrestler, and a former mixed martial arts fighter.
She specializes in judo, sambo and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and is known for using a variety of armbars to submit her opponents.
He is also the former King of the Cage Lightweight Champion.
Megumi YabushitaMarch 2, 1972) is a Japanese female mixed martial artist, kickboxer, professional wrestler and judoka.
Yang Jun was born in Taiyuan, Shanxi, China in 1968 into the famous Yang family of martial artists.
Marcus Aurélio Martins is a Brazilian mixed martial artist.
He has competed in many large MMA promotions, including the UFC, World Victory Road, Pancrase, and Pride Fighting Championships.
Carlos Augusto Inocente Filho, better known as Guto Inocente, is a Brazilian kickboxer and former professional mixed martial artist and boxer.
After retiring from competition Sugarfoot transitioned into becoming a successful trainer.
Konrad won a gold medal at the 2005 Pan-American Championships.
Mauro "Louro" Galvão is a Brazilian mixed martial artist.
He was the first Haitian-Canadian to fight in the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Jutaro Nakao is a Japanese mixed martial artist.
Nathan Donald "Nate" Diaz is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing for the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Roberts competes in the Featherweight division, but has also competed at Lightweight and Bantamweight.
He was the Kodokan's top representative and vice president of the All Japan Judo Federation.
Leandro Vieira is a Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu instructor and competitor and a co-founder, leader and fighter for Checkmat BJJ.
He is a grandson of Morihei Ueshiba, founder of aikido, and son of Kisshomaru Ueshiba.
Li Jingliang is a Chinese mixed martial artist who competes as a Welterweight for the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
He is a ten-time amateur and professional world champion who is known for his vicious elbows and explosive KO power.
He has competed in the K-1, It's Showtime and SUPERKOMBAT promotions.
Yeliz Fındık is a Turkish female martial artist competing in the Taekwondo, boxing, Muay Thai, Kickboxing and wushu disciplines.
Aoutneil "Neil" Magny is an American mixed martial artist.
On August 6, 2005, in his first match back from the injury, Kyowa fought again for the WBC strawweight title against Katsunari Takayama.
Razayee and Robina Muqimyar were two women contingents in the delegation, becoming the first ever women to compete for Afghanistan at the Olympics.
Huo Yuanjia, courtesy name Junqing, was a Chinese martial artist and a co-founder of the Chin Woo Athletic Association, a martial arts school in Shanghai.
317 kicboxing fights, 266 wins, 40 losses and 11 draws.
David Baron is a French mixed martial artist and Shooto Middleweight European Champion.
Prior to signing with the UFC, Diaz competed in World Extreme Cagefighting, Strikeforce, and Pancrase.
Being the fifth by seniority of his master's students, Wang came to be called Wang Wu, i.e.
Mai IchiiMarch 21, 1980) is a Japanese female wrestler, mixed martial artist and kickboxer.
She currently competes in the Women's Strawweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Chen also wrote several scholarly books under the name Chen Zengze.
Ben formerly fought for the UFC in the welterweight division.
He has a 7th.Dan black belt in Wadō-ryū karate and is the national trainer of the Japan Karatedo Federation.
Alexander Trevino is an American mixed martial artist, who is best known for his 4-fight stint with now-defunct promotion, Strikeforce.
He holds a notable victory over former two-time UFC Heavyweight Champion Tim Sylvia.
He competed in the UFC's middleweight division, obtaining an overall record of 9-6 in the octagon.
When he competed in the Local Kombat promotion, he beat Mighty Mo, Gary Goodridge, Freddy Kemayo, Sergei Gur, etc.
Michelle Marjorie Gordon is a Justice of the High Court of Australia.
She is currently a WBC Muaythai title holder.
Wagner Prado is a Brazilian mixed martial artist who formerly competed in the light heavyweight division for the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Now fully engaged with the revolutionary movement, Du used his contacts in China's Tiandihui underworld to help Sun establish the Tongmenghui Party.
His father, Wong Kei-ying, was one of the ten but Wong himself was not.
Romero was also a competitor in the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
As of July 27th, 2017, he is #10 in the official UFC Featherweight rankings.
Bernardo was known as Beru-chan in Japan, where he has taken part in K-1 World GPs since 1994.
Humphreys is one of Alliance's heavy hitter Brazilian jiu-jitsu competitors.
She won the bout by KO late in the first round.
Currently, he is the reigning Ring of Combat Lightweight Champion.
When Kuniba died on July 14, 1992, the organizations he had led split over leadership disagreements.
He regularly conducts seminars in and outside the United States.
He is unusually open in his teachings, feeling that the techniques and learning must be shared, for their preservation and to test their effectiveness.
A professional competitor since 2003, he has also formerly competed for the UFC, the Quad Cities Silverbacks of the IFL, and Shark Fights.
He co-produced the first nationally televised Isshinryu Hall of Fame Karate Tournament, co-produced an instructional video series and co-authored seven books.
Ronaldo Souza dos Santos, nicknamed Jacaré, is a Brazilian mixed martial artist, submission grappler and Brazilian jiu-jitsu practitioner competing in the UFC's middleweight division.
He is known for his aggressive and at times sloppy fighting style.
He has won the JKA All-Japan championships for kumite.
He graduated in 2012 from Lane Technical College Prep High School where he began his wrestling career.
Abel Evaristo Cestac was a boxer from Argentina.
He is the former Shooto Lightweight Champion, Sengoku Featherweight Champion, and TKO Featherweight Champion.
Hinata Watanabe, or HINATA, is a Japanese welterweight kickboxer fighting out of Hiratsuka, Japan for the Shonan Kakuto Club.
Christopher Horodecki is a Polish-Canadian mixed martial artist.
Kazuyuki Miyata is a Japanese mixed martial artist currently competing in the Lightweight division of Rizin.
Joseph Edward Lauzon Jr. is an American mixed martial artist competing in the UFC's Lightweight division.
Ricco Rodriguez is an American mixed martial artist.
Justin Baesman is an American professional mixed martial artist and kickboxer currently competing in the World Series of Fighting's Welterweight division.
In 2014, Smith fought her last fight against Gentiane Lupi.
He is former two time Swedish champion and K-1 Scandinavia MAX 2008 tournament winner.
David Hendrik Jansen is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in Bellator's Lightweight division.
Robson Moura Fonseca is a Brazilian Jiu Jitsu competitor, instructor and a mixed martial artist.
Nakao most recently fought Dave Herman at Sengoku: Soul of Fight, losing by unanimous decision.
He achieved his black belt in 1962.
His property company, the Hollioake Group, collapsed in 2010.
Waachiim Spiritwolf is a Native American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Welterweight division.
He won the Spirit MC Heavyweight Grand Prix tournament in 2007.
In high school in Florida he won state wrestling championships on multiple occasions and was a two-time national finalist college wrestler.
Naruepol Fairtex is a Thai welterweight kickboxer fighting out of Evolve MMA in Singapore.
He is the youngest son of Rickson Gracie and grandson of Helio Gracie.
Toshihiro Oshiro is a martial arts master and instructor from Haneji, Okinawa, Ryukyu, Japan.
He currently has earned a ninth-degree black belt and holds the title kwan jang-nim under the direction of the Kukkiwon.
2008 against the Japanese MMA icon Ikuhisa Minowa.
Pro Low Kick Rules Super Heavyweight World Title on 15 May 2008 in Serbia, losing the fight by 3rd round TKO.
Pettas mainly competed in the promotion K-1 between 1998 and 2007, and was the winner of the K-1 Japan Grand Prix 2001.
Yasuhiro Urushitani is a Japanese mixed martial artist competing in the flyweight division.
Gabriel Gonzaga is a retired Brazilian professional mixed martial artist, who competed in the Heavyweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Since 2009 he served in the Mongolian Wrestling Federation as 1st vice president.
To date, thirty-seven volumes have been released.
Vasily has fought for several notable promotions such as K-1 MAX and Thai & Kickbox SuperLeague.
Ernesto Fritz Hoost is a Dutch kickboxer.
In aikido, he achieved eighth dan in Yoshinkan aikido and a certification as shihan.
Aloua represented New Zealand in the 2010 Commonwealth Games.
A professional competitor since 2007, Austin has also formerly competed for Bellator.
She won gold in the featherweight division at the 1996 Asian Taekwondo Championships in Melbourne.
He is a Glory Featherweight Champion and former Glory Lightweight Champion.
A professional competitor since 2003, Wineland is a former WEC Bantamweight Champion.
He owned a pharmacy in South Korea, although he was not a pharmacist himself.
He has worked with Stevie Wonder and Tony Rebel, who both performed on his debut album.
Kernspecht is the chairman of EWTO, the organisational niche for the company WingTsun GmbH & Co. KG based in Kiel, Germany.
Frye was inducted into the UFC Hall of Fame in 2016.
He is one of the Viera brothers, who lead of and fight for Checkmat.
He was a member of the Gracie family.
Mohamed "Real fighter" Khamal is a Moroccan-Dutch welterweight Muay Thai kickboxer who fought out of Amsterdam, Netherlands for Vos Gym.
Kazuya Abe is a Japanese mixed martial artist.
A professional competitor since 2008, Prindle has previously competed in Bellator MMA and was the Bellator Season Five Heavyweight Tournament Winner.
He holds a Black belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu under Ricardo Liborio and currently runs two successful Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and MMA academies in Port St. Lucie, Florida.
Jason Guida is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Heavyweight division.
Christopher James "Chris" Weidman is an American mixed martial artist.
He is the winner of multiple European Karate Championships and World Karate Championships Karate medals.
Dustin William Pague is a former American mixed martial artist who most recently fought in the Bantamweight division of the UFC.
The school is now based in Lomita, California.
Kristaps Zaļupe, Latvian sprint canoer and Olympic competitor
He was also seen in the Sylvester Stallone film The Expendables as Lawrence "The Brit" Sparks, an ally of the villain James Munroe.
At the age of 58, he returned to prominence as Torrez in the 2010 film Machete; his first widely released film since 2002.
Olivier Aubin-Mercier is a Canadian mixed martial artist who competes in the Lightweight division.
Davit Kiria, also spelled as David Kyria, is a Georgian kickboxer who competes in the middleweight division.
However, she would come out of retirement less than a year later for the Combate Americas promotion and continued her fighting career.
Unlike most shoot-style comrades such as Masayuki Naruse, Wataru Sakata, and Minoru Suzuki, who returned to regular puroresu, Kanehara only has done sporadic appearances.
He is former WFCA Muay Thai World champion, currently fighting in K-1
Marek "The Punisher" Piotrowski is a Polish retired heavyweight kickboxer and boxer.
He replaced Leonardo Santos in a bout with Maximo Blanco at Sengoku Raiden Championship 15 on October 30, 2010.
Zachary Paul "Zach" Makovsky is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the flyweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
He emigrated to Canada in 1970, studying mechanical engineering at Laval University and establishing the first taekwondo schools in eastern Canada.
Yoshihiro Sato is a Japanese kickboxer competing in K-1 at middleweight.
Tom Breese is an English mixed martial artist who competes in the welterweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
This is because he believes that more time should be given to practise Siu Nim Tao than Chum Kiu and Biu Jee.
Good currently competes in the welterweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Yusuke Inokoshi is a Japanese instructor of Shotokan karate.
Alexis Vila Perdomo is a Cuban professional mixed martial artist currently competing for the World Series of Fighting.
She is a twenty-two time World Champion in karate, a fifteen-time U.S. National Champion, and a ten-time New York State Champion.
Since 2011 Stefan Leko is coached and managed by Tom Trautsch and won two Heavyweight World Champion Titles.
Maeda helped develop the shoot-style of professional wrestling during the late 1980s.
The challenge was met by a beggar named Xu, a dwarf.
Nina Ansaroff is an American mixed martial artist who is currently competing in the women's strawweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Mamoru Okochi is a Japanese mixed martial artist.
Team Ortiz as well as The Ultimate Fighter: Redemption.
Yamazaki is highly skilled at and an authority on fighting and breaking.
Kim Ki Whang, also known in the United States as Ki Whang Kim, was a Korean martial arts grandmaster.
Team Mir, winning his preliminary and first round fights.
He was a student of many great Kung Fu masters and mastered the Lei Ga, Southern Dragon Kung Fu, Lau Man Gaau, and Bak Mei.
He was, at one time the Vice Chairman of the Tourism Group of the Nigerian American Chamber of Commerce, Lagos.
In 2012 he was convicted of possession of child pornography.
He is former Dutch and European Muay Thai champion who later competed in K-1 MAX.
He was released by the promotion and now currently fights in the featherweight division of the Absolute Championship Berkut.
He is currently competing in the lightweight division for Bellator Fighting Championships.
Holzken has a professional boxing record of 11-0, 8 of those wins came by knockout.
Jared Rosholt is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the Heavyweight division of the World Series of Fighting.
None of his 25 fights have gone the distance.
He currently competes as a Welterweight with the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Richard "Richy" Walsh is an Australian mixed martial artist currently competing in the Welterweight division of the UFC.
Makiyama was the author of one of the first books in English on Aikido in 1960 and the book Keijutsukai Aikido in 1983.
Sergej Maslobojev Nickname: KUVALDA born May 22, 1987 in Klaipėda is a Lithuanian mixed martial artist, boxer and kickboxer.
Hirokazu Kobayashi was a Japanese aikido teacher and student of the founder of aikido Morihei Ueshiba.
His opponent was later revealed to be Mark Hunt.
He was the founder of The Tang Soo Do, Moo Duk Kwan, and Soo Bahk Do and the school of Tang Soo Do Moo Duk Kwan.
He competed in the Bantamweight and Featherweight division.
A professional competitor since 2004, Drwal has also formerly competed for the UFC.
Matthew Steven Mitrione is an American mixed martial artist and former American football player, who fights in Bellator MMA.
He died March 26, 1975; his grave is near the city of Taipei.
He was the first Bellator Heavyweight Champion.
The movie Wing Chun loosely portrays Yim Wing Chun's life within the action film genre, with Michelle Yeoh portraying the central character.
As of January 1, 2016, Khalidov was ranked the #13 middleweight in the world by Fight Matrix.
He is the current BAMMA Lightweight Champion.
He also holds the record for the most sanctioned mixed martial arts bouts, with 316.
Daley is the former Cage Rage World Welterweight Champion and Cage Rage British Welterweight Champion.
Colleen Schneider is an American professional mixed martial artist.
He was a member of the Gracie family, and the grandson of Carlos Gracie, one of the founders of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.
Upon becoming independent from Watanabe Sensei in 2011, the Australian Shorinjiryu Karatedo group formed the Shorinjiryu Koshinkai Karatedo school.
He wrote a book called "T'ai chi ch'uan Explained" or "Principles of T'ai chi ch'uan" which has recently been translated from Chinese into English.
Aree, real name Angsana Kamhanphol, born onOctober 2, 1993 is a Thai kickboxer.
As of December 2016, she is the #6 contender in official UFC women's bantamweight rankings.
Richard "Rich" Hale is an American mixed martial artist formerly competing in Bellator's Heavyweight division.
Cleuder F. "Júnior" Assunção is a Brazilian mixed martial artist, who is perhaps best known for his 2–3 stint with the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
He is considered by UFC fans to be the most influential figure in the history of modern MMA.
He previously fought in Pride Fighting Championships, World Extreme Cagefighting, and Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Abdarhmane Coulibaly is a French Muay Thai kickboxer.
A professional fighter since 2009, he has previously competed in promotions such as UFC, Aggression FC and Score Fighting Series.
He presides over the International Budo Karate Organization Gyakushin-Kai from the headquarters of the organization in Ōmiya-ku, Saitama, Japan.
Eduardo Arturo Sanchez is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Heavyweight division.
He began practicing karate under Matsumura Sōkon and continued under Ankō Itosu, Sakuma Pechin and Kōsaku Matsumora.
He is known for his judo and shoot wrestling expertise.
He appears in the film's opening as the coach of the film's villain, Trevor Gottitall, played by Trent Bushey.
Fujiwara became the first ever non-Thai stadium champion in 1978 when he won the lightweight title at Rajadamnern Stadium.
He relocated to Sarasota, Florida in 1976, and taught there under Saotome from 1978-1979.
He was the Keijutsukai Director until his death on September 9, 2005.
Karamollaoğlu studied physical education and sports at Trakya University.
His nickname "Meat Truck" is for his huge size and punching power.
Wing Lok "John" Ng is an innovator and instructor of Chinese martial arts known for his simplicity.
Chris Haueter, is an American martial arts athlete and coach.
She was the Northern California Golden Gloves champ for 2007, 2008.She was also a contestant on the Muay Thai themed reality series Fight Girls.
A Zainichi Korean, he spent most of his life living in Japan and acquired Japanese citizenship in 1964.
Akitoshi Tamura is a Japanese mixed martial artist.
Hannette Quadros Staack is a female Brazilian grappler and jiu-jitsu competitor.
He taught his style of karate, Shotokan Ryu Kase Ha, in France from the late 1960s to the mid-1980s.
After Kūsankū's death, Sakugawa developed and named the Kusanku kata in honor of his teacher.
Brandon Cash is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in Bellator's Heavyweight division and formerly competed for Strikeforce.
David Campbell is an American athlete and musician, known for performances on the Japanese program, Sasuke, and its USA equivalent, American Ninja Warrior.
For almost 40 years, until his death in 1987, Nakayama worked to spread Shotokan karate around the world.
James Yabe is a Japanese-American martial arts instructor, and author.
He is also known for his time in World Wrestling Entertainment, where he is a two-time ECW World Champion and one-time United States Champion.
Vitor "Lex Luthor" Miranda is a Brazilian kickboxer and mixed martial artist.
On February 28, 2010 at DEEP: 46th Impact, Matsumoto confirmed weeks of speculation by announcing that she would be retiring from mixed martial arts.
She is a Japanese national judo champion and a former Smackgirl open weight champion and tournament winner.
He retired from lithography in 1989 to completely dedicate his life and efforts to teaching and promoting Wing Chun.
His version of the Doce Pares Eskrima system is known as Cacoy Doce Pares.
He holds notable wins over Carlos Condit, Melvin Guillard, Pat Healy and Erick Silva.
Chu Guiting died on 16 February 1977.
The head trainer at this academy was Master Carlos Augusto, a 4th degree black belt under Grandmaster Reylson Gracie.
Zimmerman has also competed in one Openweight mixed martial arts fight at K-1 Dynamite!!
Stuart Austin is an English professional mixed martial artist currently competing in BAMMA's heavyweight division.
As of July 11, 2017, he is #14 in official UFC Heavyweight rankings.
Shōshin Nagamine was a Japanese author from Okinawa as well as a soldier, police officer, and karate master.
Savelli has also authored an introductory text on the Spiritual, Mental, and Physical Teachings of Chinese Kung-Fu.
Chikara Miyake is a Japanese mixed martial artist.
He was also part of the first fight in PRIDE history, defeating John Dixson by submission.
Next year, she received an unofficial silver medal in the same weight category at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
He is a former three time I.S.K.A.
Starting at the age of six, he was taught Pekiti-Tirsia, by his grandfather Conrado Tortal, a system founded by the Tortal family in 1897.
Twenty-two hours later, Hug died following breathing difficulties due to multiple organ failure.
As a martial artist, he competed in K-1, Pancrase Hybrid Wrestling and Fighting Network RINGS.
He became the PRIDE 2005 Lightweight Grand Prix Winner at PRIDE Shockwave 2005, thus winning every Lightweight accolade put forth by PRIDE Fighting Championships.
A member of the Gracie family, he is the son of Reila Gracie and Mauricio Motta Gomes.
Because instead he debuted in the SUPERKOMBAT in March 2015.
He fought Beloni third time in his career, and lost the fight by third round knockout.
Matthew's dedication and approach to life is based on a fundamental principle that with focus and positivity anyone can make a change to their life.
Kamarudeen Usman is a Nigerian-American mixed martial artist who competes in the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
William Chi-Cheng Chen is a Grandmaster of Yang-style t'ai chi ch'uan that currently lives in the US.
He is the 2009 Krush middleweight tournament champion and 2010 K-1 World MAX Japan runner up, currently fighting in K-1 MAX.
Abel Nazario Trujillo is an American mixed martial artist who currently competes as a Lightweight for the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
He has also studied various gendai budō such as the modern kendō, iaidō and jodō.
As kickboxer, he fight in Local Kombat and SUPERKOMBAT Fighting Championship.
He competed in the Welterweight, Middleweight and Heavyweight divisions.
Coleman is the current Middleweight Champion for Freestyle Cage Fighting.
André "Dida" Amado is a Brazilian mixed martial artist and Muay Thai kickboxer who has competed in the Japanese promotions Dream and K-1 Hero's.
A professional competitor since 2010, Laprise won The Ultimate Fighter Nations: Canada vs. Australia, and has also formerly competed for Bellator MMA.
Giannis Stoforidis is a Greek kickboxer fighting in the SUPERKOMBAT Fighting Championship.
According to Homma, at the age of 14, he was sent by his father to train in Iwama under aikido founder Ueshiba Morihei.
This was the first time the sport of karate had been acknowledged in such a fashion.
Kevin was inducted into the 1988 Black Belt Magazine Hall of Fame as the Co-Competitor of the Year.
Siala-Mou Siliga, often billed as 'Mighty Mo' is an American-Samoan kickboxer, boxer and mixed martial artist of Samoan heritage who competes in the Heavyweight division.
He was the son of Morihei Ueshiba, founder of aikido, and became the international leader of aikido after his father's death.
Christine Anna Maria Theiss, maiden name Hennig, born February 22, 1980 in Greiz, Germany, is a German female kickboxer.
A professional competitor since 2003, Irvin is the former WEC Heavyweight Champion and has also competed in the UFC, Strikeforce and KSW.
Devin Cole is an American mixed martial artist.
Randy Blake is an American kickboxer who competes in the cruiserweight and heavyweight divisions.
Edmund Kealoha Parker Jr. is an American martial arts practitioner and artist and the only son of American Kenpo Karate founder Ed Parker.
He is currently signed with ONE Championship.
Akiyama won the gold medal at the 2001 Asian Championships for South Korea, and for Japan at the 2002 Asian Games.
Danillo Villefort is a Brazilian professional mixed martial artist.
After General Choi was admitted to the hospital in North Korea, General Choi saw the light of unification in both TAEKWON-DO and North and South KOREAs.
Júlio "Foca" Fernandez is a sixth degree Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu black belt under the late Grandmaster Carlson Gracie Sr. His nickname, Foca, is Portuguese for "Sea Lion".
The T'ai Chi Treatise is among a body of literature collectively referred to as the T'ai chi classics by many t'ai chi ch'uan schools.
Dennis Lloyd Hallman is an American mixed martial artist from the U.S. state of Washington.
Erkan Varol is a professional Turkish Middleweight kickboxer.
In junior high school he was captain of the school judo club.
Yuya Shirai is a Japanese professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Welterweight division.
Past opponents include French journeyman Antony Rea and UFC contender Aaron Simpson.
He also related how Asato and Itosu once overcame a group of 20–30 attackers,and how Asato set a trap for troublemakers in his home village.
He has competed in various mixed martial arts organizations including RINGS, MFC, and King of the Cage.
Nabe Matsumura, was an Okinawan martial arts master who helped to continue the Matsumura family style of Shōrin-ryū karate-do.
Inoue has fought in the kickboxing promotion J-Girls and MMA promotion Jewels.
He is known for his attacking style of jiu jitsu and, in particular, for his guard.
Taught Firas Zahabi who co-founded the Tristar Gym.
Matthews is an American mixed martial artist who competes in Bellator's welterweight division.
Coty Wheeler is an American mixed martial artist, who is perhaps best known for his four fight stint with now-defunct promotion World Extreme Cagefighting.
In 1988, Seagal made his acting debut in Above the Law.
He was the martial arts editor for the magazine Soldier of Fortune from 1974 to 1976.
Inoue was featured in the documentary film Rites of Passage: The Rebirth of Combat Sports.
Isoyama is also known as one of martial arts and movie star Steven Seagal's main teachers.
In 2003 he became the Super Heavy World Jiu-jitsu Champion.
He is currently #1 in official UFC welterweight rankings and ranked as the #2 welterweight in the world by Sherdog.
He competed in the Bantamweight and Featherweight division.
Dong Jin Kim was a member of Dai Nippon Butoku Kai 大日本武徳会.
Holm is the first person to win championships in both boxing and mixed martial arts.
Otsuka made the move from a successful professional wrestling career to mixed martial arts competition in 1995.
Geoff was honoured in 1995 in the Queens New Year’s Honours list with an MBE for his services to sport.
He has fought in the UFC, Strikeforce, WFA, WEC and DREAM.
Richie competes in the Ultimate Fighting Championship Flyweight division.
Adachi is a real estate agent, a profession he held throughout his mixed martial arts career, and continues to instruct from Paraesta Matsudo.
At the time of his retirement after UFC 204, he was the oldest fighter on the UFC roster.
He is currently an instructor of the Japan Karate Association.
For the professor in psychiatry, see John G. Gunderson
He is the current WMC Super Heavyweight Intercontinental Champion.
He then retired from full-time karate training and competition and devoted himself to assisting his family's business.
Kickboxing has many restricting rules, but MMA has considerably less, which appealed to him.
As of 24 July 2017, he is ranked the #8 heavyweight in the world by LiverKick.com.
He has also competed for the UFC and PRIDE Fighting Championships.
Robert "Bubba" McDaniel is an American mixed martial artist who formerly fought as a Middleweight for the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
James Christopher Varner is a retired American mixed martial artist who fought in the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Keith Ronald Graf von Rothenburg Kernspecht, better known as Keith R. Kernspecht, is a German martial artist and entrepreneur.
He is the trainer of the Bulgarian national team of combat sambo.
He has been working to promote MMA in Okinawa, his hometown, and is going to host the grappling event series "OKINAWA WWF" there.
During his mixed martial arts career, McGregor has competed as a featherweight, lightweight, and welterweight.
A professional competitor since 2003, Thompson has also formerly competed for PRIDE FC, Bellator MMA, Cage Rage, EliteXC, Sengoku, DREAM, KSW, Rizin, and the SFL.
He was once ranked as the #5 Bantamweight in the world by the MMAWeekly Worldwide Ranking System.
This group is one of the few to have extensive learning from two of Kori Hisataka's leading students.
She has fought in UFC and Invicta FC.
He lost that belt on February 13, 2008, to fellow Midwestern MMA fighter Miguel Torres.
David Michael Terrell is a retired American professional mixed martial artist who competed in the UFC and Pancrase.
Ludovic Millet is a French Savate kickboxer, famous for his boxing skills.
Today Gidon now holds a 10th dan red belt which is the highest degree in his style of Krav Maga.
Demian Augusto Maia Baptista is a Brazilian mixed martial artist and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu practitioner.
Hiromi Amada is a retired Japanese super heavyweight kickboxer and boxer from Gunma, Japan.
He has fought for the Ultimate Fighting Championship, and Bellator Fighting Championships.
Of his 15 submission victories 11 have come from leg locks.
His real name is still Kenichi Ogata, but it is written as "尾形健一".
Royler Gracie is a retired Brazilian-American mixed martial artist and Brazilian jiu-jitsu practitioner.
On December 6, 2013, LaRosa was inducted in the New Jersey Martial Arts Hall of Fame.
He also contributed to a number of articles for martial arts publications such as Black Belt magazine.
As of 28 September 2016, he was ranked the #7 light heavyweight in the world by LiverKick.com.
After his death five years later at the age of 39, a huge crowd watched his cortège on its journey to London’s Highgate Cemetery.
Mediterranean Cruiserweight Champion and Former Italian Light Heavyweight Champion.
Monson is also an anarcho-communist known for his radical political views.
Janice Francis-Irwin she is a British karateka.
Joshua Martin Neer is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the Welterweight division of Bellator.
While at Ohio University, he taught Cross Cultural Communications, was interim Soccer Coach and served as boxing coach for the OU Boxing Club.
In 2012, he began fighting in K-1.
On July 10, 2009, he was inducted into the UFC Hall of Fame.
Lyoto Carvalho Machida is a Brazilian mixed martial artist who currently competes in the middleweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Some of the honors Mr. Will received include:
Kang Kyung-Ho, often anglicized Kyung Ho Kang, is a South Korean mixed martial artist who competes in the UFC's bantamweight division.
Shanon Slack is an American mixed martial artist who competes in Bellator's featherweight division.
Tung Ying-chieh or Dong Yingjie was an influential teacher of t'ai chi ch'uan.
Serap Özçelik is a world and European champion Turkish female karateka competing currently in the kumite -50 kg division.
She announced her retirement from MMA on December 15, 2013.
Jordan Lutalo Evora is a Ugandan-Dutch Kickboxer and mixed martial artist.
He retired from kickboxing in 1996 with a record of 50-0-1, having avenged the only draw of his career.
He started to train at the club in 1973 under the tuition of Andy Sherry and KUGB chief instructor Keinosuke Enoeda.
Kevin Rosier was an American kickboxer, boxer and mixed martial artist.
He now teaches at Evolve MMA in Singapore.
In October 2016 Torregrosa received his Third Degree Black Belt Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu from the IBJJF.
His fajin was hard and crisp, accompanied by sudden sounds.
He was the first professional boxer to be successful in the UFC.
He's also a karate instructor and a trainer for professional fighters.
Shane Darryl Campbell is a Canadian Welterweight Muay Thai kickboxer, mixed martial artist, and a former W.K.A.
Stéphane Ippo Susperregui is a French kickboxer, French K-1 and Muaythai champion, WUFC and WKN champion, double WKN kickboxing Grand Prix champion that signed for Glory.
Mishima is known for his charisma and emphasis on entertainment as well as competition.
He is one of Japan's kickboxers in the welterweight division.
Maia is regarded as one of the greatest grapplers in MMA history.
In 1991, he was an individual kumite finalist in the Shotokan Karate-do International Federation World Championships, Mexico City.
Lumumba Sayers is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the Middleweight division.
Wayne Otto OBE he is a British karateka.
Joachim B. Hansen is a Norwegian mixed martial artist.
He founded the Action International Martial Arts Association in 1980, and is its President.
He competed in the Welterweight, Middleweight and Light heavyweight divisions.
Traditional teachers in China do not regard Dong as the founder, though, but merely as the first identified transmitter of Baguazhang knowledge to the wider public.
Anthony Lapsley is an American professional mixed martial artist, who most recently competed in the Welterweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
As of September 2014, Severn still occasionally wrestles.
As of July 25, 2017, she is #3 in the official UFC Strawweight rankings.
Up to that point, it was a fighting system that had never been taught outside of the Philippines.
Kosei Nishihira was an Okinawan martial arts master of Shōrin-ryū Matsumura Seitō Karate and Kobudō.
Solomon Hutcherson is an American professional mixed martial arts fighter currently competing in the Middleweight division.
James Thompson is an English professional mixed martial artist who competes in the Heavyweight division.
A professional competitor since 2010, he has also formerly competed for the RFA, where he was the Featherweight Champion.
Andrey Gerasimchuk is a Belarusian Muay Thai kickboxer who competes in the heavyweight division.
He is currently Ranked #14 in the world by the WBC for Muay Thai in the Super-Lightweight Division.
He is K-1 MAX 2006 East European champion and K-1 World MAX 2008 Finalist.
Jessica Penne is an American mixed martial artist.
Gan McGee is an American mixed martial artist who has competed for the UFC, PRIDE, WEC and the XFC.
Ronny Rivano is a Dutch mixed martial artist.
In his younger years he trained in traditional Vietnamese martial arts.
Robert Glenn "Robbie" Lawler is an American professional mixed martial artist and former UFC Welterweight Champion.
Moroşanu scored fifteen consecutive wins in the SUPERKOMBAT Fighting Championship and also holds the longest win streak in SUPERKOMBAT history.
He is the current COO and Director of Instruction for Mile High Karate, a nationally recognized martial arts franchise.
Tibúrcio's first title defense took place at Invicta FC 13: Cyborg vs. Van Duin on July 10, 2015 against Ayaka Hamasaki.
He married Sarah Bradburn in 1833 and began his life as a farmer.
He has been professional competitor since 2009 and is currently in his second tenure with the UFC.
In All Japan Pro Wrestling he has been a two-time Triple Crown Heavyweight Champion, two-time World Tag Team Champion, and two-time All Asia Tag Team Champion.
He has also compiled and edited a series of essays by Kenji Tomiki under the title "Budo Ron".
As of April 19, 2017, he is the 2nd ranked heavyweight in the UFC's official rankings.
Panpayak Jitmuangnon is a Thai Muay Thai fighter, originally from the Samut Prakarn, but now fighting out of Bangkok, Thailand.
He debuted in MMA over a decade ago, and trains and fights out of Wajitsu Keishukai, where he teaches once a week.
His TUF Ultimate Finale loss to Forrest Griffin is considered to be one of the most important fights in the history of the UFC.
He now fights out his own training facility, the Ronin Training Center, where he is also one of the head instructors.
Johnny Trí Nguyễn is a Vietnamese American actor, stuntman and martial arts choreographer who is mainly active in the Vietnamese film industry.
His family moved to Okinawa after World War II.
His teacher was Eiichi Miyazato, a student of Chojun Miyagi and the founder of the Okinawan Jundokan dojo.
kickboxing world champion and one time World Kickboxing Network Thai-boxing world Champion.
A professional competitor since 2011, he has formerly competed for BAMMA and was the welterweight BAMMA champion.
He was a protege of Marco Ruas.
Aaron has competed in the UFC, King of the Cage, Gladiator Challenge, RINGS and the World Extreme Cagefighting.
In 1963, Tohei was asked by Morihei Ueshiba to accompany his son, Kisshomaru Ueshiba, on a tour of aikido dojo throughout the United States.
In total Pucci has secured podium finishes five times at the World Championship both with Gi and No Gi.
A professional competitor since 2003, Evans was the Heavyweight winner of The Ultimate Fighter 2 and is also a former UFC Light Heavyweight Champion.
Marcin Held is a Polish mixed martial artist currently competing in the Lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Students from around the world have attended seminars with Takayoshi Nagamine.
Luiz Arthuro Cané Jr. is a Brazilian mixed martial artist currently competing in the Light Heavyweight division.
She is currently an instructor of the Japan Karate Association.
Notably, he also took part at the inaugural Ultimate Fighting Championship event in 1993 where he reached the semi-finals.
Jumabieke Tuerxun is a Kazakh-Chinese mixed martial arts fighter.
Yasunori Okuda is a Japanese mixed martial artist.
He claims to be a student of many famous lineages including a fourth generation successor of Jiang Nan and a sixth generation successor of Chee Seen.
He won a gold medal at the Half Middleweight category of the 2000 Summer Olympics.
Gota Yamashita is a Japanese mixed martial artist currently competing in Pancrase's welterweight division.
Known for his speed and kicking ability, he began his martial arts training in karate at the age of seven before turning to kickboxing.
As of July 18, 2016, he is #9 in the official UFC featherweight rankings.
One of his teachers at his school was Chomo Hanashiro.
Robert Alexander McCullough IV is a retired American Muay Thai kickboxer and professional mixed martial artist.
Michio Hikitsuchi received his 10th dan in 1969, three months before Ueshiba's death.
He held wins over Muay Thai legends such as Saenchai PKSaenchaimuaythaigym, Samkor Kiatmontep, Kaolan Kaovichit, and Neungpichit Sityodtong.
He is the head instructor at the Kokushi Budo Institute, a member of the New York Athletic Club, and a professor at Brooklyn College.
Moussa Konaté is a French Muay Thai kickboxer who trains in Villiers-sur-Marne, France.
You put it in a teapot it becomes the teapot.
After 3 months, the results achieved with some medical conditions including heart diseases, spleen dysfunction, arthritis and insomnia.
In 2002 Mauricio moved to south Florida.
During World War II, he was sent to Manchuria and assigned as a station master along the railway at various locations.
Nobuhiko Takada is a Japanese former mixed martial arts fighter and professional wrestler.
He was the third son of Wu Ying-hua and Ma Yueh-liang.
As of July, 2017, Arlovski is #13 in the official UFC heavyweight rankings.
As a boy, Chen prepared for the civil service exams by studying the Chinese classics, Chinese calligraphy, poetry, and essay-writing.
He is French Champion in Savate and kickboxing and he is the World Kickboxing Network World Full Contact Champion.
Her medal was China's first Olympic gold medal in judo.
As a professional fighter, one of his favorite tactics was the liver shot, and he popularized its use in MMA.
Less than 2 years later, he won his first MMA fight.
McMann was ranked in 2014 as the No.
In 1993, he opened the club's new premises in Lower Spring Street Grimsby.
Patricia Duggin she is a British karateka.
Glover was a psychology major and a champion judoka.
In 1995 Jomhod moved to Finland after a request to come fight and coach there.
Barb Honchak is an American professional female mixed martial artist.
Nurhayat Hiçyakmazer, nicknamed "Prenses Zeyna", is a Turkish female martial artist competing in the boxing, Muay Thai and wushu disciplines.
On December 1, 2007, he became the first Cage Force welterweight tournament winner.
From 1997 he would spend most of his career fighting for Fighting Network RINGS in Japan.
However, upon the death of Kunio Tatsuno, Kuniba-Kai was established in Japan by the Kuniba family in 1999.
Makoto Yoshida, who changed his name to Makoto Hirohara, was a successful tournament fighter and his student was the 1991 Middleweight Sabaki Challenge champion.
While Wu Yi Hui returned to Shanghai in 1945 and restarted his classes, Liang Zipeng was recommended by Li Dao Li to teach.
Maciej Jewtuszko is a Polish professional mixed martial artist.
John Wayne "The Gunslinger" Parr, also known as JWP, is an Australian kickboxer and boxer, fighting out of Boonchu Gym in Gold Coast, Queensland.
He came out first of 1024 contestants.
He has also competed in Pride Fighting Championship and the UFC organizations.
Murthel "The Predator" Groenhart is a Dutch-Surinamese super middleweight kickboxer fighting out of Amsterdam, Netherlands for Mike's Gym, where he is trained by Mike Passenier.
Junya Kodo 'KODO' is a Japanese mixed martial artist currently fighting in the Flyweight division of Shooto organization.
He moved to New York City two years later.
Elias taught at the Gracie Humaitá academy for many years while competing in tournaments.
Sean McCorkle is a retired American mixed martial artist who competed in the Heavyweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
As "Johnny Gyro" he appeared on the covers of at least 8 martial arts magazines.
Steve Bruno is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Welterweight division.
Antonio De Carlo McKee is an American mixed martial artist who competes in the Lightweight division and is the former Maximum Fighting Championship Lightweight Champion.
He currently fights for Bellator Fighting Championships in the middleweight division and was featured in the sixth season tournament.
He is one-time SUPERKOMBAT Cruiserweight Champion and also a two-time wushu national champion.
He was also the winner of the Bellator Season Four: Lightweight Tournament.
Ryan Roberts is an American mixed martial artist.
It was during this demonstration that he gained notoriety by attacking Ueshiba for real.
Fallon Fox is an American MMA fighter.
He won the bronze medal in the -84 kg division at the 2013 Islamic Solidarity Games held in Palembang, Indonesia.
According to the global-mma.com rankings, he is the number 10 ranked Light Heavyweight in the world outside of the UFC.
Mariusz Zbigniew Pudzianowski, known in Poland as "Pudzian" and "Dominator" is a Polish former strongman competitor and current mixed martial artist.
Vladimir Vladimirovich Matyushenko is a retired Belarusian mixed martial artist who fought in the Light Heavyweight division.
Herman Terrado is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in Bellator's Welterweight division.
Shang style is still practiced by many people today, in China and abroad.
Paul Redmond is an Irish mixed martial artist.
John Alan Belcher is a retired American mixed martial artist.
He is the head trainer of Evolução Thai.
Cynthia Ann “Cindy” Omatsu is a Japanese-American black belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu under senior instructor Rigan Machado and Leka Vieira.
Sudsakorn Sor Klinmee is a Thai Muay Thai kickboxer and the reigning Thailand and World Kickboxing Network Muaythai Welterweight world champion.
As of August 27, 2016, he is ranked #6 in official UFC featherweight rankings.
Ham is currently ranked as the #2 female atomweight fighter in the world according to the Unified Women's Mixed Martial Arts Rankings.
Yushin Okami is a Japanese mixed martial artist who competes for Professional Fighters League in the Welterweight division.
The club was responsible for the construction and running of a number of mountain huts in the area.
He was an instructor of various disciplines, including Okinawan Kobudo and Shōrinji-ryū Karate.
Emi FujinoNovember 17, 1980) is a Japanese female mixed martial artist, kickboxer and professional wrestler, occasionally nicknamed Special Attack Angel.
He is currently signed with Sengoku in the Welterweight division.
Jeff Smith is an American martial arts instructor, best known as the former seven-time PKA World Light Heavy Weight Karate Champion.
Peter has trained many amateur and professional world champions as well as numerous well-known celebrities.
Isamu Osugi is a Japanese mixed martial artist.
Zelg Galešić is a Croatian mixed martial artist who competes in the Light Heavyweight division.
Tanner then won the UFC Middleweight Championship at UFC 51, stopping David Terrell with strikes in the first round.
Vyacheslav "Crushin Russian" Vasilevsky is a Russian mixed martial artist who competes in the middleweight division.
Mohamed Deq Abdulle is a Somali taekwondo practitioner.
Marvin Perry is a Trinidadian and Tobagonian former kickboxer.
He is often referred to as the "Father of Hapkido" in America.
In 2008 Torregrosa became the head instructor at Capital City Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.
Chris Jenkins is also the former 90 kg(198 lb) and 82.5 kg class World Champion with the WPC.
In part because of his success in putting on the event, Dolgon was awarded the James C. Hendy Memorial Award as the AHL's outstanding executive.
James Benjamin “Ben” Stewart is a Canadian 13-time World Karate and Kick Boxing Champion, author, entrepreneur, and motivational speaker.
Team Serra, fighting as a member of Team Hughes.
Eddie Yagin is a Filipino-American mixed martial artist, who is best known for his two-fight stint with the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
He competed in their season two and season four welterweight tournaments, but was eliminated in the qualifying round of both seasons.
Kristopher Lee "Kit" Cope is an American Muay Thai kickboxer and mixed martial artist who competes in the Featherweight, Lightweight, and Welterweight divisions.
Sakura NomuraNovember 22, 1976) is a Japanese female mixed martial artist and kickboxer.
Ismael Gonzalez is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Welterweight division.
He was one of the very first Europeans to study martial arts in Japan.
A professional competitor from 1997-2013, he has also formerly competed in PRIDE, the IFL, Shooto, and BodogFIGHT.
Jake Butler is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Light Heavyweight division of ONE Fighting Championship.
He has an excellent physical condition and a variable fighting style.
Sakugawa trained under Kūsankū for six years.
Daniel's time with WWE/F lasted close to a year.
Robert "Robbie" Peralta is an American mixed martial artist who most recently competed in the WSOF.
He is the current VFC featherweight champion, and is also known for his short stints in Bellator and UFC.
Savelli has been a research subject at Duke University, the Psychical Research Institute, and the Mind Science Foundation in San Antonio, Texas.
Chantal Ughi has fought Miriam Nakamoto for the WBC and Eileen Forrest for the ISKA titles.
His given name was Tong and his courtesy name was Junbao.
From 23 December 2003 until 11 January 2008 he served as a Member of Parliament for the 1st electoral district.
Li Jinglin, also known as Li Fangchen was a deputy inspector-general and later army general for the Fengtian clique during the Chinese warlord era.
As of June 2017, Holloway is the #5 ranked UFC pound-for-pound fighter.
A professional competitor since 2002, Bergmark has formerly competed for the WEC, Strikeforce, and Pancrase.
He currently hosts his own podcast series titled "The Proving Ground with Tank Abbott."
A professional competitor since 2002, Uyenoyama has formerly competed for the Ultimate Fighting Championship, Strikeforce, DREAM, DEEP, and Shooto.
He is the former King of the Cage Flyweight Champion and has also competed in the UFC.
Lucas Joas Gomes Leite is a Brazilian grappler.
Rick John Roufus  is an American kickboxer, fighting out of Pound Gyms in Scottsdale, Arizona.
Caley Reece is a retired Australian Muay Thai kickboxer who competed in the featherweight and lightweight divisions.
Tournament, held at Yoyogi National Gymnasium in Tokyo, Japan, with full-contact, knockdown rules of competition.
As of July 21, 2017, he is ranked #13 in official UFC Middleweight rankings.
He is currently ranked 8th Dan, Shihan.
Franci Grajš is a retired Slovenian kickboxer and best 85MAX kickboxer for December 2012.
Cleber Luciano is a Brazilian professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the featherweight division.
Keitaro Nakamura is a Japanese professional mixed martial artist and grappler.
Stephen Anthony Abas is an American Olympic Freestyle wrestler and Mixed martial artist.
Wan studied Wing Chun kung fu under Wong Shun Leung
Most of his history has been passed down orally and subsequently any materials available on him cannot be authenticated.
He was one of the twelve original masters of taekwondo of the Korea Taekwon-Do Association.
Singh "Heart" Jaideep is an Indian-Japanese heavyweight kickboxer and mixed martial artist.
Mitsuteru Ueshiba is the son of the current Aikido Dōshu, Moriteru Ueshiba.
Chozo Nakama was a Kobayashi Shorin-ryu karate-do teacher known for his knowledge of karate history and generosity as a teacher.
His relative Higaonna Kanryō studied under both these Chinese kung fu masters.
Dillman began serious martial arts training in 1961 with Harry G. Smith.
As of 8 March 2016, he is ranked #13 in the light heavyweight division by the UFC.
A professional competitor in mixed martial arts since 2008, Richman is also 2-0 as a professional boxer.
Phillipe J. Nover, is a retired American mixed martial artist.
After an unsuccessful period as a K-1 fighter, he is now a professional wrestler.
Maryna Moroz is a Ukrainian mixed martial artist signed with the Ultimate Fighting Championship, where she competes in the strawweight division.
Leung was the director and screenwriter for It's a Mad, Mad, Mad Kung Fu World!, a humouristic documentary on the history and culture of kung fu.
Young Il Kong is a South Korean master of taekwondo and one of the twelve original masters of taekwondo of the Korea Taekwon-Do Association.
He fought many MMA legends in their prime such as Don Frye, Mark Coleman and Ken Shamrock while competing in the UFC.
He is the former TKO Middleweight Champion, and former TPF Middleweight Champion.
He is also one of the first British fighters to compete in K-1 in 1995.
Joao Roque began his MMA career in 1996 in the United States with a win by armbar.
Randleman had fought in the UFC, PRIDE, WVR, and Strikeforce.
By 1991, he had starred in four successful films.
He is an instrumental figure in popularizing the self-defense system of the Israeli Defense Forces known as Krav Maga.
He is the former Rajadamnern Stadium, WMC and W.B.C.
Yamanaka announced her retirement on August 6, 2013.
Andy Souwer is a Dutch welterweight shoot boxer.
Jason Butcher is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in Bellator's Middleweight division.
He currently competes as a featherweight in the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Kamiizumi Ise-no-kami Fujiwara-no-Nobutsuna was a samurai in Japan's Sengoku period famous for creating the Shinkage-ryū school of combat.
Henk Meijer is a Dutch taekwondo coach and former Olympic taekwondo competitor.
He is also a veteran of the WEC, Tachi Palace Fights, K-1 Hero's, Pancrase, the MFC, and DREAM.
Lee Seung-Min is a Korean taekwondo coach and former world champion in women's taekwondo representing South Korea.
Joseph Chen Zhonghua, courtesy name Dongliang, born in 1961, Shandong Province, China, is a Chinese martial arts practitioner, teacher and author.
Cruz is most known for his stint in Bellator Fighting Championships, fighting in its welterweight division.
Jonathan Goulet is a retired French Canadian mixed martial artist.
Andrews Nakahara is a Japanese-Brazilian professional mixed martial artist, kickboxer and kyokushin karateka currently signed with K-1.
Kenneth Alan Florian is a retired American mixed martial artist who formerly competed in the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Since 2005, he has been signed to the Ultimate Fighting Championship where he is a former UFC Light Heavyweight Champion.
He won the world title of WMAF at Junior middleweight.
Edwin Richard Figueroa is an American mixed martial artist who most recently competed in the bantamweight division of the UFC.
He holds notable wins over Ray Sefo, Peter Aerts, Sam Greco and Bob Sapp.
Fortunately this rarely practised form was passed on to his students.
All of Taktarov's losses were by knockout or decision; he has never submitted in an MMA fight.
Through the late 60's and 70's, Sugiyama Sensei is credited with building and promoting Shotokan karate throughout the entire midwest region.
Luís "Dinga" Reis is a Portuguese Muay Thai kickboxer of Cape Verdian descent fighting out of Lisbon, Portugal for the Olival Gym.
Moura is known for his innovative style and ever-evolving technique in the world of jiu-jitsu.
He is married to Marjan Olfers, former member of the board of Ajax and from 1 May 2012 professor in sports law.
A professional competitor since 2006, Cerrone has also formerly competed for the WEC.
Following the loss he was released by the UFC.
Jonathan Torres, also known as "JT" Torres, is a Puerto Rican American Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu practitioner.
Despite his irregular fight record and kayfabe politics, Takada is credited with the existence and boom of Japanese MMA.
He is a former Rajadamnern Stadium Champion who currently resides in Fresno, California.
He currently runs his own MMA and Muay Thai team in Wormer, Netherlands called Team Schreiber.
He refers to the art of using pressure points as Kyusho jitsu.
He is also a former MFC Light Heavyweight Champion.
Medio 2015 he switched to Sityodtong Muay Thai & Kickboxing Amsterdam to be trained by Paul and Vincent Pengel.
Ryohei Kanokogi was an early pioneer for judo in the United States.
John-Olav Einemo is a retired Norwegian mixed martial artist.
A professional competitor since 2008, he is the former Jungle Fight Bantamweight Champion.
He is the former Rajadamnern Stadium Champion, WMC and WPMF Welterweight Champion.
Pešta is a Gladiator Championship Fighting Heavyweight Champion and he competed in the heavyweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
He holds the most title reigns in the UFC with six.
He is reported to have been very agile, which gained him the nickname Motobu no Saru, or "Motobu the Monkey."
Krzysztof Jotko is a Polish mixed martial artist fighting in the middleweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Kunioku has fought in Pancrase on 55 different occasions.
He has fought for M-1 Global, Cage Rage, K-1, PRIDE Fighting Championship, RINGS, Glory, Konfrontacja Sztuk Walki, It's Showtime, SuperKombat, SLAMM!!
He had a 12-0 amateur boxing record before he began MMA.
Adam John Hollioake is a professional athlete who is the only international cricketer to compete professionally as a Mixed Martial Artist.
He has won the JKA's version of the world championships for kumite.
Sultan Magomedbegovich Aliev is an Avar heritage born in Russia mixed martial artist and sambist, who competes in the Welterweight division for the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
She competes professionally since 2004 and is a former Southern Thailand Middleweight and South Korea Muay Thai Bantamweight Champion.
Trần held the rank of 9th dan black belt in taekwondo.
Joe Williams is an American mixed martial artist who competes in Bellator's welterweight division.
Leonardo Mafra Texeira, better known as Leonardo Mafra, is a Brazilian mixed martial artist who competes in the Lightweight division.
His son, Masayuki Hisataka has continued this approach, having gone on to create the Supersafe Anzen Bogu protective equipment used in the Koshiki Karate competition system.
He is also the former King of the Cage Openweight Superfight Champion.
He was the last WEC Heavyweight Champion before it was abolished when Zuffa purchased the organization.
James Yimm Lee was an American martial arts pioneer, teacher, author, and publisher.
In mixed martial arts, Goodman competed for Bellator, M-1 Global and King of the Cage.
Wesley Edward Sims is an American professional mixed martial artist.
Shamil Magomedovich Zavurov is a Russian mixed martial artist of Avar descent, who competes in the Welterweight and Lightweight division.
After an initial health scare, Taraje was found to be healthy.
Geisler is an AB Communication Arts graduate from the University of Santo Tomas.
In 2015, John and his wife moved to Wilmington, NC where he and middleweight for the UFC Derek Brunson train together.
Erdenebilegiin BolormaaMay 9, 1985), better known by her ring name Esui is a Mongolian female pro-wrestler and mixed martial artist.
Outside of his fighting career, Ortiz is the CEO of the Punishment Athletics MMA equipment and clothing line.
He has written 11 martial art books, produced 70 martial art training videos, and has appeared on more than 70 martial arts magazine covers.
He is ranked #10 light heavyweight kickboxer of the world by Liverkick.com.
Seo Hee Ham or Seohee HamMarch 8, 1987, written Ham Seo-Hee in Korean order), is a female South Korean mixed martial artist and kickboxer.
Nomura soon became too small, and he moved to the neighbouring city Yawatahama.
He is currently an instructor of the Japan Karate Association.
In 2007 Masuda published the book "Freestyle Karate" and in 2009 he published "Masuda Akira - Go, Budojin toshite Ikiru".
Mearion Shonie Bickhem III, better known as Shonie Carter, is an American mixed martial artist who has competed in the Welterweight, Middleweight and Light Heavyweight divisions.
Tatsuya Naka is a Japanese martial artist.
Shortly after he announced his definitive retirement from competition and his desire to focus on his academy and his students.
She is a three time ADCC champion.
Teruo Chinen was a prominent Japanese master of Gōjū-ryū Karate.
Soren Monkongtong is an Australian middleweight kickboxer.
During the 1950s, Chu Guiting settled in Shanghai and began to teach classes in Waitan Park, Fuxing Park, and the Peoples’ Park.
In 1977 Hazard went to Japan where he studied in Japan Karate Association instructor classes under Masatoshi Nakayama.
Watanabe is featured in the martial arts-themed movie High Kick Girl!
Clifton also trained with Professor, and Muay Thai Grandmaster, Kru Yodtong Senanan, at Sityodtong Muay Thai Camp in Chonburi, Thailand.
which was filmed with real fighting scenes and did not use any stunt actors.
Alexandre Franca "Pequeno" Nogueira is a Brazilian Luta Livre fighter and the former Shooto Lightweight Champion, a Japanese mixed martial arts organization.
Kazunari Murakami is a Japanese professional wrestler and a retired mixed martial artist currently working as a freelancer.
Niklas Bäckström is a Swedish mixed martial arts fighter who competed in the Featherweight division, recently in the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Magnus Cedenblad is a Swedish mixed martial artist who competes in the middleweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
He was a fighter on Season 6 of The Ultimate Fighter, fighting on Team Serra.
He is currently ranked as the #8 flyweight in official UFC rankings.
He had 23 fights in the UFC; along with Randy Couture, he is widely credited for bringing MMA into the mainstream of American sports and entertainment.
A professional competitor since 2005, Ellenberger has formerly competed for the Quad Cities Silverbacks of the IFL, Bodog Fight, and King of the Cage.
Daniel 'Danny' Guba is a Filipino martial artist and a leading practitioner of Ekrima-Kali-Arnis.
On April 13, 2013, she became the first woman to win a UFC fight by technical knockout.
He has since had ten MMA fights.
Carlson Gracie, was a practitioner of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.
Le is perhaps best known in mixed martial arts for competing in Strikeforce, holding a record of 7–1 with the organization before its demise.
As of 24 July 2017, he is ranked the #3 middleweight in the world by LiverKick.com.
Consterdine trained in the martial arts for more than 47 years, studying their application in self-defence and personal security.
He is a former Lumpinee Stadium champion and current No.1 contender to challenge Nopadetch Chuwattana for the WBC title.
He is Chief Instructor at the Kodokan and former manager of the Japanese national team.
Brandon Halsey is an American professional mixed martial artist competing in Bellator, where he is the former Bellator Middleweight Champion.
Chris was also the founder of Nogi Industries, a Mixed martial arts clothing company.
He fought in Bellator MMA from 2010 to 2016, challenging for the Bellator Lightweight Championship in 2015.
Faber is widely regarded as one of the sport's pioneers for establishing legitimacy to lighter weight classes in MMA.
Kazuhisa Watanabe is a Japanese boxer, kickboxer and mixed martial artist currently competing in K-1 and Dream in the featherweight division.
Penn is an American professional mixed martial artist and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu practitioner.
He is also owner of American Top Team East Orlando.
When the three-month journey ended in Hawaii, Tohei remained for a further nine months and taught aikido throughout the Hawaiian Islands.
Paraschiv is also known for winning back-to-back gold medals at the 2012 WAKO Amateur European Championships in Ankara and Bucharest.
Sammy "The Squeeze" Morgan is an American professional mixed martial artist who competes as a Welterweight.
He competes in the Welterweight division, and is the former King of the Cage Welterweight Champion.
He was the eldest of five children of Nguyễn Dinh Xuyen and Nguyễn Thị Hoa.
A professional competitor since 2005, Woodard has also formerly competed for Bellator and King of the Cage.
İbrahim Giydirir is a Turkish Muay Thai kickboxer who competes in the cruiserweight division.
He was one of the founders of Sambo, a martial art developed in the Soviet Union.
Michael Andrew "Drew" McFedries is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Middleweight division.
In 2013, he began representing the Russian firearms manufacturer ORSIS; appearing in promotional campaigns.
Vic Charles came 3rd in 1983 television competition Superstars.
Jesus Martinez is an American mixed martial artist who competes in Bellator's welterweight division.
He has competed in the Lightweight and Welterweight divisions.
Aaron Matthew Riley is a retired American mixed martial artist who most recently competed in the Lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
George H. Roop is an American mixed martial artist.
A renowned swordsman, he was known as "China's First Sword."
Ionuţ Iftimoaie is a retired Romanian kickboxer.
He is currently #13 pound-for-pound in official UFC rankings, and is ranked the #2 bantamweight in the world by Sherdog.
Jeremy Larsen is an American mixed martial artist, who formerly competed in the Featherweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Frankie Saenz, is an American mixed martial artist in the bantamweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
2 among Bantamweights in August 2007 and has also formerly competed for the WEC, Shooto, and Jungle Fight.
Luigi Fioravanti is an American mixed martial artist of Italian descent who fights out of Orlando, Florida with American Top Team.
Luiz Carlos Dórea Barreto is a boxing and mixed martial arts trainer from Brazil and is also a retired boxer.
Luke Barnatt is an English mixed martial artist who fought as a Middleweight for the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
As of July 31, 2017 Fight Matrix ranks her #26 female MMA strawweight in the world.
He is the first man to knock out and submit Antônio Rodrigo Nogueira.
Sarah Kaufman is a Canadian mixed martial artist.
He is best known for his time in the UFC from 1994 to 2000.
Taishin Kohiruimaki is a Japanese welterweight kickboxer and karateka competing in K-1 MAX.
Gonzaga won a gold medal in the Ultra Heavyweight division at the 2006 Mundials, which is considered to be the top BJJ competition in the world.
He is a current fourteen times World Association of Kickboxing Organizations World Heavyweight Low Kick Champion and the European World Kickboxing Heavyweight Champion.
Ivanov chose to enter into a career in mixed martial arts as opposed to representing Bulgaria in the 2012 Olympic Games.
Midhun won the World Kickboxing Championship at Zagreb, Croatia in 2013, and broke two Guinness World Records for the maximum number of martial arts kicks.
Hideyuki Ashihara was a Japanese master of karate who founded Ashihara karate in 1980 with the emphasis on Sabaki.
Carey D. Vanier Sr. is a Guyanese-American mixed martial arts fighter.
Amir Rahnavardi is an American mixed martial artist.
Dragomir Bečanović is a Montenegrin retired judoka.
Yui Chul Nam is a South Korean mixed martial artist.
Grégory "Cheetah" Choplin is a French-Ivorian Middleweight and Super Middleweight Muay Thai kickboxer.
Emiko Raika is a Japanese female professional boxer and mixed martial artist.
The blend of passion, talent and ambition he saw and combined with his training program resulted in seven World Titles.
Exciting and charismatic, Liu is almost certainly China's most recognized combat athlete.
Khaosai Galaxy is a former professional Thai super flyweight boxer and Muaythai kickboxer.
Josh Sampo is an American mixed martial artist who most recently competed in Ultimate Fighting Championship's flyweight division.
Although Rory had begun making a name for himself as a 185-pound prospect; his big break came after meeting the producers of TUF.
He held an 8th dan in Aikido, issued by Aikikai world headquarters in Tokyo, Japan and was active in Aikido for over 50 years.
His life story was recorded and told by his sons or students, notably Hong Junsheng.
Beginning his martial arts life with the study of Xingyi Chuan, he later went to Yi Chuan, and finally settled with Liuhebafa.
Kenji Ogusu is a Japanese mixed martial artist.
Since Athens Stewardson has remained in Medicine Hat and in 2008 began a pro career in mixed martial arts.
Charles Henry Gaylord was an American martial artist.
Tournament of Champions Black Belt Champion, 1972
She won the championship in 1987, 1991, 1992, 1994, 1995 and 1996.
He appeared in over 20 films and also appeared on television many times.
Svetlana Goundarenko is a Russian mixed martial artist and judoka who competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics and 1996 Summer Olympics.
Timothy Carl "Tim" Means is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Welterweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
A professional competitor since 2008, Cruickshank has also formerly competed for the UFC, King of the Cage and was a competitor on The Ultimate Fighter: Live.
Through Reina's relationship with Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre, Syuri has also worked in Mexico, where she is a former CMLL World Women's Champion.
In 2007, he was the lightweight champion of Shooto.
Du died from a recurrent injury in 1953 at the age of 84.
Gheorghe "The Carpathian Bear" Ignat is a Mixed Martial Arts fighter with a background in Greco-Roman Wrestling.
He has a father name Yem Lim and a mother named At Uth.
Warlley "Slingshot" Alves Andrade, is a Brazilian mixed martial artist who competes in the Welterweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
He is the current KSW Middleweight Champion
He won the Gold medal in the 66 kg event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
At age 13 he began to study under Higaonna Kanryō until Higaonna's death 4 years later.
He is the former Bellator Lightweight Champion.
He has competed for the WEC and M-1 Global.
Roberto Traven BJJ are multiple time IBJFF Atlanta International Open Champions & 2016 Atlanta BJJ Pro Champions.
Tamura published several books on aikido in French.
A veteran of both the UFC and Pride Fighting Championships, Barreto holds notable wins over Ben Rothwell, Kevin Randleman and Dan Bobish.
Prior to joining Team Lakay Wushu, Folayang was a high school teacher in Mountain Province.
He currently fights in the Bellator Fighting Championships welterweight division.
A southpaw, his trademark kicks included the axe kick and the "Hug Tornado", a low spinning heel kick targeting his opponents' thighs.
In 2008, he faced the eventual K-1 champion Remy Bonjasky in his kickboxing debut.
During the Korean War, he served in the Special Student Battalion of the Republic of Korea Army.
He still continues to fight professionally but spends most of his time training young fighters at his gym.
Pramuk Gym, in Bangkok, Thailand, under the ring name Buakaw Por.
In 1994, upon Imi Lichtenfeld's retirement, he became the Grandmaster and president of the Israeli Krav Maga Association.
He competed as a bantamweight in the Ultimate Fighting Championship and Dana White stated that Pickett was one of his favourite fighters to watch.
He lost his last fight at DFl 1 - The Big Bang against Brandon Lee Hinkle on November 24, 2010 via TKO.
Shahbulat Shamhalaev is a Russian of Dargin heritage mixed martial artist and kickboxer who competed in the featherweight division for the Bellator Fighting Championships.
Francisco "Chico" Camus is an American mixed martial artist who competed in the bantamweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Cory Walmsley is an American mixed martial arts fighter.
Pablo Popovitch born September 9, 1979 is a Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu practitioner, mixed martial artist and a 4th degree black belt under Jorge Popovitch.
Higaonna Kanryō, also known as Higashionna West, was a Ryukyuan martial artist who founded a fighting style known at the time as Naha-te.
Tomio Imamura is a Japanese master of Shotokan karate.
João Roque is a former featherweight Brazilian Jiu Jitsu black belt World Champion and a retired Angola mixed martial artist.
His philosophy is "We are all one."
Chris Dempsey is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing for the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
He is the current DEEP Megaton Champion.
He is three times ISKA Kickboxing world champion and Enfusion Live champion.
Tecia Torres is an American mixed martial artist who is currently competing in the strawweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Mike Vito Massenzio is an American mixed martial artist who has competed as a Middleweight in the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Marion Reneau is a professional mixed martial artist currently competing as a Bantamweight in the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Michalis "Iron Mike" Zambidis is a professional Greek kickboxer and martial artist.
He currently holds the record of most wins in the UFC lightweight division and is the younger brother of former UFC fighter Dan Miller.
Dennis Ross Bermudez is an American mixed martial artist who competes in the Featherweight division of the UFC.
Yodsanan currently fights out of Evolve Mixed Martial Arts in Singapore where he is a member of the Evolve MMA Fight Team.
Stephanie Frausto is an American mixed martial artist who competes in the Atomweight division.
Howard is now retired, but was a roofer by trade and is well known for apt demonstrations of smashing roof tiles.
From 2001, he has been the host of several television shows, including Fear Factor, The Man Show, and Joe Rogan Questions Everything.
He competed in the Lightweight and Welterweight divisions.
He appeared on the cover of many martial magazines and was included in many more.
Later in his career Jan Lomulder fought two Vale Tudo matches and one Ultimate k-1 match in Japan
Rani Ahmad Yahya is a Brazilian mixed martial artist and BJJ practitioner.
Hérica Tibúrcio is a Brazilian mixed martial artist who competes at Invicta FC in the Atomweight division and she is a former Invicta FC Atomweight Champion.
Sergei Valerievich Kharitonov is a Russian Heavyweight mixed martial artist and kickboxer currently competing for Bellator MMA, M-1 Global and GLORY.
Fu Zhensong or Fu Qiankun was a grandmaster of Wudangquan martial arts.
Since 2010 he has fought 88 times in 15 countries and is perhaps the most active international fighter.
He was signed by EFN, Eurasian Fight Night, a Russian based promotion shortly after his UFC release in February 2017
Jess trained in martial arts from eight years old; in karate initially and then moving on to kickboxing.
He debuted for RINGS Holland in 1998, defeating Andrew Keja by knockout.
Van Buren has also fought for Bellator and was a finalist on The Ultimate Fighter 19.
Since retiring from the ring, Datsik has also become notable both for his criminal behavior, vigilante raids on brothels and work as a human rights activist.
Under Billy Robinson, Baszler is the only certified female catch wrestler in the United States.
João became the ADCC Submission Grappling World Champion by defeating Dean Lister in the finals.
He was based in the United States of America from 1961 until his death in 2008, and was a pioneer of karate in that country.
Virgil Zwicker,, is a Native American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Light Heavyweight division of Bellator.
When he was alive what he said was law, in death are his words are no longer valid?"
Under the DNBK, he held a rank of 7 Dan in Jujutsu and the Kyoshi Title.
It was released in select countries in May 2010.
He was the winner of the UFC 3 tournament in 1994.
He currently holds a professional record of 14–4, with seven of his fourteen wins coming by way of submission.
He is the former Jungle Fight Welterweight Champion, and vacated the championship in August 2013 to sign with UFC.
He taught in Beijing, Shanghai, Changsha and Hong Kong.
Takashi Itō is a Japanese former welterweight kickboxer fighting out of Yamaki Gym in Setagaya, Tokyo.
Carlos Diego Ferreira is a Brazilian mixed martial artist, currently competing in the Lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
He has recently returned to fighting from a two-year leave from knee surgery.
Ologun turned to professional boxing in mid-2011.
She is the former Invicta FC Bantamweight Champion.
Kunioku lost the fight by KO late in the first round.
Zeyada holds two notable knockout victories over the highly rated Tyrone Spong.
After completion of his first degree he moved to Tokai University in Kanegawa, Japan, where he trained on and off until the Olympic Trials in '96.
Horn has also competed in the Heavyweight and Light Heavyweight divisions.
Master Uezu, although retired from teaching, comes to the United States occasionally to hold seminars.
Jerrod Sanders is an American mixed martial artist.
On July 9, 2016, she lost the UFC title to Amanda Nunes at UFC 200.
A martial artist since his childhood, Varga started out in Shotokan karate and made the switch to kickboxing at seventeen.
Eguchi received a degree in Economics at Nihon University, then moved to the US with Jerome Mackey.
While perhaps best known for competing in PRIDE, he has also formerly competed for the UFC and K-1.
He hailed from Zaoqiang County, Hebei province, China.
Thom Harinck is a Dutch kickboxing trainer and founder of the Chakuriki Gym in Amsterdam.
Scott Askham is an English mixed martial artist who previously competed in the Middleweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
As of 24 July 2017, he is ranked the #4 featherweight in the world by LiverKick.com.
She competed at the 2000 Sydney Olympics in the heavyweight division, finishing in equal seventh place.
In addition, Saitō was the 6th generation head of Shirai-ryū shurikenjutsu and the 15th Sōke of Kuwana Han-den Yamamoto-ryū Iaijutsu.
Ousmane Thomas Diagne is a French professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Lightweight division.
He is also a mixed martial artist.
The club was Oyama Dojo, later the Kyokushinkai Honbu Dojo run by Masutatsu Oyama.
In addition to coach Wu Bin, Hao Zhihua trained under coach Li Junfeng and studied Yang-style t'ai chi under master Yang Zhen Duo.
Koichi Tanaka is a Japanese mixed martial artist.
Roethof was born on Curaçao and moved with his family to Suriname at the age of 10.
Corey Cornelius Hill was an American mixed martial artist.
A professional competitor since 2006, he has also formerly competed for Strikeforce, DREAM, M-1 Global, Pancrase and Cage Warriors.
He was the runner up of the Sengoku Welterweight Grand Prix Tournament losing to Keita Nakamura in the finals.
Ueda has also won many national titles in Combat Wrestling.
As of April 13, 2017, Borg is ranked #4 in the official UFC Flyweight rankings
He is known for his rotund figure, strange hairsyles and nickname "Crazy Bear".
He holds the rank of 9th dan black belt in the art.
Kuniba proceeded to practice Mugai Ryu for the next 40 years.
Radley Martinez is retired American mixed martial artist.
A television actor and stuntman, De Jong has had small roles in Maddigan's Quest, Legend of the Seeker, and as Theokoles in Spartacus: Blood and Sand.
In December 2003, Liu scored a unanimous decision over Eduardo Fujihara to claim the IKF Sanshou World Championship.
He has appeared in many fight organizations, including the UFC, Strikeforce, IFL, Shooto, and King of the Cage.
He then studied Shuri-te karate and koryū Japanese martial arts under the legendary karateka Matsumura Sōkon.
Spang's older brother Andreas Spang also competes in MMA.
In pursuit of a career resurgence with a descent into the Featherweight division, Penn conclusively announced his retirement following another loss to Frankie Edgar.
A professional competitor since 2004, Rossborough has previously competed for Strikeforce, King of the Cage and KSW.
A professional competitor since 2007, Bears has formerly competed for Bellator, Strikeforce, Titan Fighting Championships and M-1 Global.
He is a two time K-1 MAX New Zealand champion who competed in World Elite of K-1 MAX and a New Zealand Boxing Champion.
Chris Weidman successfully defended the belt three times before losing it to Luke Rockhold.
In April 2015, he was stripped of his title and was removed from the official rankings following his arrest on felony hit-and-run charges.
He is the first Canadian in History to achieve the level of World Champion in the sport of MuayThai.
Luís Santos is a Brazilian professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Welterweight division of ONE Championship.
He has fought for Extreme Challenge, HOOK'n'SHOOT, King of the Cage, Pancrase and many other promotions, such as the Ultimate Fighting Championships.
Thomas Teige is a German martial artist.
He is a Cage Rage veteran and currently the UCMMA Flyweight Champion and former Bantamweight Champion.
Rio Wells is a former Canadian Football player and MMA fighter.
In recognition of his varied achievements, Nigeria's Vanguard Newspapers named him one of the "40 Young Leaders of The Future" in 1995.
Wataru Sakata is a Japanese professional wrestler and mixed martial artist.
The founder of Vovinam was grandmaster Nguyễn Lộc was a Vietnamese martial arts teacher.
He trains at The Arena, the well-known MMA gym from San Diego.
When he fought someone, it was usual that he knocked them out without receiving any injuries himself.
She is twice European champion and the first gold medalist in the European Games.
Dominique Steele is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Welterweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
He learned his martial arts under Wai Shinzan and not under Ru Ru Ko as some believe.
He has also competed as a professional boxer.
Shuichi Nagaoka was an early student of Judo and the third person to be promoted to 10th dan.
Sawamura's knockout prowess earned him the nickname "The Demon of Kickboxing".
Although being credited with being a premier student of Yip Man, Leung Sheung was an extremely humble man.
A professional competitor since 2011, Rosholt has also competed for the UFC, Titan FC, and Legacy FC.
He is known as the Thai Tyson due to his KO power and is one of the best boxers Thailand has ever produced.
Different accounts of Yim Wing Chun's story exist, but the central sequence of events remains largely the same, beginning with the origin of her teacher.
Since 2007, Hess has made several efforts to get into fighting shape and has suffered a number of injuries including breaking three toes and an ankle.
Jeremy Spoon is an American mixed martial artist.
Torregrosa founded Team Yemaso in 2009, which consisted of a small team of his best students.
Capo immigrated to the United States from Cuba as a young boy.
Yasuhito Namekawa is a Japanese mixed martial artist who competes in the light heavyweight division.
He has competed for Strikeforce, the WEC, ShoXC, King of the Cage, Tachi Palace Fights, and the Palace Fighting Championship.
He is currently signed to the Ultimate Fighting Championship where he competes in their light heavyweight division.
She is a black belt in both Japanese Jujutsu and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.
Florian has a background in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and Muay Thai.
He is a decorated jiu-jitsu competitor, both gi and no-gi, and has won numerous titles including the Pan American Championship and the No-Gi World Championship.
JJ Aldrich is an American mixed martial artist who competes in the Strawweight division.
He died of stomach cancer in June 2016.
Takafumi Otsuka is a Japanese mixed martial artist.
However at SFL 10, Ambriz stepped in for an injured Singh Jaideep to fight Mohamed Abdel Karim.
Hiroaki Matsutani is a Japanese mixed martial artist.
When Bruce Lee had been practicing Wing Chun for some time already, his father suggested that Bruce should meet his teacher Liang.
Takashi Tojo is a Japanese mixed martial artist.
Rumen Dimitrov is a Bulgarian Sambo practitioner who has won a Bronze medal twice at the Combat Sambo World Championships.
He holds a 7th dan from JKA.
Francis Carmont is a French professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Light Heavyweight division of Bellator MMA.
2009 event and has also competed for Shooto and Strikeforce.
Sergio 'Kleintje' Wielzen is a Dutch based Surinamese super lightweight Muay Thai kickboxer formerly fighting out of Amsterdam, Netherlands for Black Label and FF Carbin.
Moses Powell, also known as Master Musa Muhammad, was an American pioneer of martial arts in the United States.
Kenneth Shamrock is an American mixed martial artist, Ultimate Fighting Championship Hall of Famer, and retired professional wrestler.
Alex "El Toro" Andrade is an American mixed martial artist.
He was also a cast member of Spike TV's The Ultimate Fighter: United States vs. United Kingdom.
He is known for his powerful punches, particularly from his left hand, as well as his extensive wrestling background.
He was a former Chief Instructor of the Karate Union of Great Britain.
He fought one of Leeds' most experienced fighters, Andy Harris, and decisively beat him with a fast mawashi geri combination to achieve a Red Triangle win.
A professional competitor since 2009, Guerreiro was also a contestant on The Ultimate Fighter: Brazil.
Tedd Williams is an American former mixed martial arts fighter and MMA event promoter.
Cássio Werneck is a Brazilian Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu competitor, instructor and owner of Cassio Werneck BJJ, located in Sacramento, California.
He is a former WEC Lightweight Champion, and former UFC Lightweight Championship contender.
In March 2013, Torres left Team Lloyd Irvin and joined Atos Jiu-Jitsu.
He has appeared in multiple television programs including CSI, Days of Our Lives, As the World Turns and The Middleman.
He has an extensive striking background in American Kenpo, Koei-Kan Karate, and kickboxing, as well as a grappling background in collegiate wrestling and Brazilian jiu-jitsu.
He was a notable member of Leung Ting's Wing Tsun organisation until 2002, when he formed his own organisation.
He has competed for Strikeforce, Bellator and King of the Cage.
Martijn de Jong is a Dutch mixed martial artist.
Leo Gaje is the grandson and heir to Conrado B. Tortal and the present Keeper of the Pekiti-Tirsia Kali System.
Nicholas Bartlett is an Australian Kendo player.
The piece flew off, and he searched throughout the dojo for it.
He is the eldest of two sons.
Mann is also the current Shark Fights Featherweight champion, after defeating Doug Evans in September 2010.
Andre Badi Winner is an Grenadian mixed martial artist.
He won the March 2012 presidential election with 64% of the vote, a result which aligned with pre-election polling.
He is also the grandfather of Georgia Gracie and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu black belts Kyra Gracie and Neiman Gracie.
Mickaël Piscitello, is a French-Italian Muay Thai kickboxer, famous for his technical fighting style and his elbows.
Stanislav Nedkov is a Bulgarian professional mixed martial artist, who formerly competed in the Middleweight and Light Heavyweight divisions of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
In August 1930 he toured Taiwan with Chotoku Kyan and Ryosei Kuwae demonstrating karate at the Taipei Butokuden and participating in a number of challenge matches.
David Smith is a retired American professional mixed martial arts fighter.
Burzotta's further achievements are winning the MMA UKMMAC Title Belt.
He continued to the city Matsuyama, and Ashihara Karate quickly became popular there as well.
In the same year, Kawajiri was considered by many mixed martial arts publications to be the #1 Lightweight fighter in the world.
Roxanne Vincenta Modafferi is an American mixed martial artist currently signed to Invicta FC.
If it fits he would use it, because he believed that these were gifts from Heaven to him.
Shane Higashi was inducted into the Canadian Black Belt Hall of Fame in 2007.
Some accounts claim that Ng Mui taught Yim the art specifically for the purpose of defending herself against the man's unwanted advances.
Located in Fuzhou in the Fukien Province of China, he was notable for being the teacher of Chatan Yara.
Rebecca "Bec" Rawlings is an Australian mixed martial artist currently fighting in the Ultimate Fighting Championship in the strawweight division.
A professional competitor since 2006, he has formerly competed for the UFC.
and the #8 ranked featherweight in the world by Sherdog.
He has fought for Strikeforce, Bellator Fighting Championships and is a former Cage Warriors Heavyweight Champion.
Herman Renting is a Dutch mixed martial artist.
He is also a veteran of the Maximum Fighting Championship and TKO Major League MMA in his native country of Canada.
He is credited with the creation of the Xin Jia that is now known as the Xiao Jia within the modern Chen Family routines.
Although he never captured the UFC Heavyweight Championship, Rizzo competed for it three times and was regarded as a top contender for many years.
Yasuo Hanzaki is a Japanese instructor of Shotokan karate.
He also had competed in the Welterweight division.
Benjamin Saunders, is an American mixed martial artist who currently fights in the Welterweight division of the UFC.
Clifford Bernard Starks is an American mixed martial artist who competes in the Middleweight division for the World Series of Fighting.
He was sent to Japan and was stationed in Yokohama, where he was assigned to the 8th Army’s military police criminal investigation division.
He is a three-time NCAA Division III National Champion in wrestling while attending the Rochester Institute of Technology in Rochester, New York.
He also held a rank of 6 Dan in Kendo and the Kyoshi Title.
She also fought in Bellator Fighting Championships.
A professional competitor since 2006, Bowles is also the former WEC Bantamweight Champion.
In February 2015 Team Yemaso competed and brought back to Sacramento, CA their third team title at an IBJJF event under the guidance of Torregrosa.
Leggett served in the Ministry of Information during World War II.
In 2011 the President of the Kukkiwon awarded him the "Commendation Certificate" for promotion of Taekwondo all over the world.
Sergej Grecicho is a Lithuanian Combat Sambo practitioner, and mixed martial artist who has won a gold medal three times at the Sambo World Championships.
Severn is a world record holder for holding 13 championships.
Ricky Lundell is a Gracie Jiu Jitsu 3rd degree black belt under Pedro Sauer and considered by many to be his most technical black belt.
Cyrille Moktar Diabaté is a retired French mixed martial artist and kickboxer.
Asiye Özlem Şahin is a Turkish-German professional boxer, representing Germany, fighting out of Ludwigsburg.
He is Vice President of the English Karate Federation.
He is also the chairman of WBC Muaythai in Australia.
Ryan Couture is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Welterweight division of Bellator MMA.
Badr Hari is a Moroccan-Dutch super heavyweight kickboxer from Amsterdam, fighting out of Mike's Gym in Oostzaan.
Ryan DuWayne Bader is an American mixed martial artist who is currently signed with Bellator MMA, where he is the Light Heavyweight Champion.
His upper left arm has a tattoo of the kanji words "宮本武蔵".
He was teacher of Rickson Gracie, Carlos Gracie Jr., Royler Gracie, Márcio "Macarrão" Stambowsky, Rigan Machado and Romero "Jacare" Cavalcanti.
He is the former Legacy FC lightweight champion, and vacated the championship in May 2014 to sign with UFC.
Yasuhiro Konishi was one of the first karateka to teach karate on mainland Japan.
He has trained under a significant number of senior martial arts experts and respected figures in the martial arts world.
He is currently the M-1 Global Heavyweight Champion.
Bengtsson retired from wrestling and competed in many grappling tournaments, and also in mixed martial arts competition.
She competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro in the women's 63 kg division.
Born in Mondol Seima district, Koh Kong province, Cambodia, Eh Phuthong currently lives in Phnom Penh.
He transferred from the İstanbul Büyükşehir Belediyesi S.K.
She is currently the #7-ranked 125-pound female fighter in the world according to the Unified Women's MMA Rankings.
Between 1977 and 1984 he won multiple Karate medals at the European and World Karate Championships.
He has competed for the UFC, PRIDE, King of the Cage and Shooto.
He has competed for the UFC, Bellator, Titan FC, and King of the Cage.
Park trained in his native Korea from early childhood.
Higaonna has written several books on Goju-ryu karate, including Traditional Karate-do: Okinawa Goju Ryu and The history of Karate: Okinawan Goju Ryu.
He holds a notable victory over Hatsu Hioki.
As of 24 July 2017, he is ranked the #10 middleweight in the world by LiverKick.com.
Most, if not all, existing schools of Baguazhang place Dong Haichuan at the beginning of their lineage.
Ionuţ Atodiresei is a Romanian Middleweight kickboxer.
Juliana Lima is a Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu practitioner and mixed martial artist.
In 1982 she became Dutch and world champion karate.
Kristaps Zīle, Latvian heavyweight kickboxer and mixed martial artist
Jorge Luis Patino is a Brazilian professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Lightweight division.
A professional competitor since 2006, Funch has formerly competed for the UFC.
He was part of a Kyokushin training group nicknamed "The Seven Samurai," which included Jōkō Ninomiya.
He is the former King of Pancrase Featherweight Champion and former Sengoku Featherweight Champion.
As of February 2017, Fa is ranked as the world's 72nd best heavyweight by BoxRec, and currently boasts a 64% knockout-to-win ratio.
This is disputed by some parties, due to the historically acrimonious relationship between Japan and Korea, and lack of clear documentary evidence.
Daly had been a professional MMA competitor since 2007.
One of his notable students is Fabricio Werdum.
A professional competitor since 2009, Ledesma has previously competed for Bellator.
He lost his last fight at WFA 2 - Level 2 against Kimo Leopoldo on July 5, 2002.
In addition to the UFC, Nelson has also competed for the MFC, Shooto, and Shark Fights.
Wong taught classes in T'ai chi ch'uan, Xingyiquan and Northern Shaolin at the Fort Mason Center in San Francisco.
The same month, Finnish sports journalists honored her as 'Sportswoman of 2014', category MMA.
He was one of aikido founder Morihei Ueshiba's most senior students.
Gesias Cavalcante is a Brazilian professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Lightweight division for the World Series of Fighting.
He has fought for many top MMA organizations such as UFC and Pride.
Yoshiyuki Takayama is a Japanese mixed martial artist.
He has devoted his life to learning, creating, and teaching the application of self-defense techniques to military, law enforcement, and civilian personnel.
He is known to be overly flamboyant in fights, often jeering and taunting opponents at every opportunity.
A professional competitor since 2005, Roddy has also formerly competed for Strikeforce and M-1 Global.
He has most recently fought as a Welterweight for the UFC.
The film was written and directed by Nimród Antal and stars Sándor Csányi, Zoltán Mucsi, and Csaba Pindroch.
Takashi Nishizawa is a Japanese mixed martial artist.
He lost his last fight at PRIDE 21 - Demolition against Gary Goodridge on June 23, 2002.
He was born in Sapporo, Hokkaido and grew up in Kure City in Hiroshima Prefecture.
He has also won the JKA All-Japan championships for kata on 7 occasions and once for kumite.
In 2009, he registered Petar Majstorovic K Gym as a private business in Bern.
Daniel Lamar Roberts is an American mixed martial artist.
Junior Lefevre he is a Belgian- Croatian karateka.
Nick Mamalis is an American mixed martial artist who competes in the bantamweight division.
Prior to fighting in Mixed Martial Arts, Tedd Williams Coined the name "COMBAT GRAPPLING"... Running one of the first MMA teams in the USA.
Ildemar Alcântara is a Brazilian mixed martial artist.
This would be his first of five championships in the next three years.
He is also the only UFC fighter to record over 10 takedowns in three different fights.
He is highly regarded for his guard passing skills.
She has participated in several Japanese professional wrestling and mixed martial arts promotions.
Roger Hollett is a Canadian mixed martial artist who formerly fought for the Ultimate Fighting Championship in their Light Heavyweight division.
Josh LaBerge is an American mixed martial artist.
Tim Catalfo is an American former amateur and professional wrestler, and mixed martial artist.
Reza Madadi is an Iranian-Swedish mixed martial artist.
He was the All China Sanda Championship 2006 90+KG Champion.
The Satojuku honbu is located in Tachikawa, Japan.
Hacran Dias is a Brazilian mixed martial artist currently fighting in the featherweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
His second fight, July 19 at King of the Cage Canada's Excalibur event at Rexall Place in Edmonton, Alta., was against Vancouver, B.C.
Anna Bogomazova is a Russian kickboxer, martial artist, professional wrestler and valet.
Urijah Christopher Faber is a retired American mixed martial artist who fought as a bantamweight and featherweight in the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
He is an author; the books Children and the Martial Arts and Aikido for Life are his most prominent publications.
Christophe Leininger is an American former judoka who was 1984, 1988, and 1992 US Olympic Judo Team Alternate.
He was also a competitor for Team UK on The Ultimate Fighter: The Smashes in late 2012 and won the Lightweight Tournament.
James Lee is known for being a mentor, teacher and friend of the late Bruce Lee.
Perhaps his most famous fight was against former American football player Bob Sapp at K-1 Beast 2004 in Niigata.
Nhat Nam Si Phan is an American mixed martial artist who competes for Bellator MMA.
Stephanie Eggink is an American mixed martial artist, who currently competes in the Strawweight division of the all-female promotion Invicta FC.
She is currently signed with the Ultimate Fighting Championship and has fought for Invicta FC.
A professional MMA competitor since 2013, Cara de Sapato is a Brazilian jiu jitsu black belt.
He was a student, among others, of Georges London, Michihisa Itaya, Sulakshna-Bai, Jintatsu Higa, Seigi Nakamura and Shōshin Nagamine.
Yaguchi first arrived in the United States on June 5, 1965, and continues to reside in the US to the present day.
Liz McCarthy is an American mixed martial artist who competes in the Atomweight division.
Bruno Malfacine is a Brazilian Jiu Jitsu competitor.
Willie Love "Will" Brooks is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the Lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Hohan Sōken was an Okinawan martial arts master who founded the Shōrin-ryū Matsumura Seito Okinawa Karate Kobudo Association.
T. J. Cook is an American mixed martial artist and former professional boxer who last competed in Strikeforce's Light Heavyweight division.
Yahya was born to a Syrian father and Brazilian mother.
In 1998 he won a bronze medal in the 1998 Commonwealth Games at Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
He played a key role in making judo and kendo part of the Japanese public school programs of the 1910s.
He founded Shorin-Ryu Karate USA and, according to that organization's official website, "was one of the first Oriental martial artists to bring karate" to the US.
Nick Ring is an American-Canadian mixed martial artist who is best known for competing in the middleweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Jason Fischer is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in Bellator's Lightweight division.
He was coached by Olympian Jimmy Pedro.
In 2015 in South Africa, Berridge had his first World title bout against Thomas Oosthuizen for the International Boxing Organisation Light Heavyweight title.
Anthony Hamlett is an American mixed martial artist and fight promoter from Washington State.
Daniels has performed in over 50 films since his start as an extra in an episode of the 1980s television series Miami Vice.
He is a former junior world powerlifting champion and holds Welsh, British, European and world records in the squat, bench press and deadlift.
Williams is known for his constant pushing, attacking and knockout-focused style.
Sven Ottke is a German former professional boxer who competed from 1997 to 2004.
He always encouraged his son to maintain good health, participate in both individual and team sports, and practice different martial arts systems.
A professional competitor since 2006, Wilcox has also competed for Strikeforce, holding a record of 5-3 in the promotion.
Hitomi Akano is a retired Japanese female mixed martial artist.
He trained intensely and participated in every possible training session.
Clifton Brown is a retired Canadian Light Heavyweight Muay Thai Kickboxer of Jamaican descent, who fought out of Toronto, Ontario.
Dmitry 'Black Valet' Valent is a Belarusian Muay Thai middleweight/super middleweight kickboxer fighting out of Minsk, Belarus for Gym "Kick Fighter".
He is also a color commentator for both the Ultimate Fighting Championship and ACC football games on Fox Sports Net.
She was also ranked the #3 pound-for-pound female fighter by Sherdog, while Fight Matrix lists her as #7.
He is also known for competing The Ultimate Fighter Nations: Canada vs. Australia for Team Canada.
His stubbornness and perseverance finally made it possible for him to grade to Shodan on March 26, 1964.
George Kotaka he is a Japanese American karateka.
He has published 10 books since 1988.
Hiroshi Umemura is a Japanese mixed martial artist.
Ikeda currently lives in Boulder, where he operates his dojo, Boulder Aikikai.
Roger Huerta, is an American mixed martial artist currently fighting in the lightweight division of ONE Championship.
Masato Fujiwara is a Japanese mixed martial artist.
He began training in the martial arts at the age of 13, without his father's knowledge.
Iju had a dojo in Osaka, Japan.
He is known as the 'King of Siu Nim Tao', Wing Chun's most important form and its crucial foundation.
Petruzelli competed in the Heavyweight and Light Heavyweight divisions for the UFC, WEC, EliteXC, King of the Cage, BAMMA, and Bellator.
He has competed in the GLORY, K-1, It's Showtime and SUPERKOMBAT promotions.
Daniel Mason-Straus, is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Featherweight division of Bellator MMA, and is the former two-time Bellator Featherweight Champion.
A professional MMA competitor since 2009, Ogle has made a name for himself fighting for numerous promotions all over England.
As of November 1, 2016 Cláudia Gadelha's Academy moved to Randolph, New Jersey.
Masaru Gokita is a Japanese mixed martial artist.
He died in a hang-gliding accident in 1982.
She has also fought in Invicta FC and competed in The Ultimate Fighter: Team Rousey vs.
He has competed in PRIDE Fighting Championships and RINGS in his mixed martial arts career, and was a member of Brazilian Top Team.
Avraham was the 2012 Israeli women's champion in Thai boxing, in the 57–63 kilograms weight class.
Masahiro Yamamoto is a Japanese kickboxer who competes in the lightweight division.
He captured the title on November 29, 2007 by defeating Eagle Den Janlaphan.
Manvel "Manny" Gamburyan is a retired Armenian-American fighter who competed in the UFC's Bantamweight and Featherweight divisions.
Nisar Smiler is a British Pakistani martial artist, actor, and radio presenter who is widely considered one of the early pioneers of Karate in northern England.
Christian Wellisch is a Hungarian-American former professional mixed martial artist.
A professional MMA competitor since 1999, Parisyan is a former WEC Welterweight Champion and has also competed for the UFC.
Sitthichai Sitsongpeenong is a Thai Muay Thai kickboxer and current Glory Lightweight Champion.
On July 5, 2015 at the Ali Aliyev Memorial he took revenge on Olympic rival Davit Modzmanashvili by technical superiority score and won this tournament.
In 1958, Mikami tied for first place in the All Japan Karate Championships.
He is the Founder and Head Instructor of the TSG MMA Schools.
Chris "Iron Fist" Garner, is an Australian Super Welterweight kickboxer, of British descent.
He is signed with the UFC, fighting in its Bantamweight division.
Therefore, he trained and developed through the grades, and after graduating from Asia University he was encouraged to join the instructor’s programme.
He is the son-in-law of Rorion Gracie.
Beginning his career in 2005, Seery also competed for BAMMA, Cage Warriors, and RINGS.
Antonio McKee Jr. is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in Bellator's featherweight division.
Samuel James Stout is a retired Canadian mixed martial artist from London, Ontario.
As of 2015, Wong Doc-Fai has been training in Choy Li Fut Kung Fu for 56 years and teaching martial arts for 47 years.
He is tied with Nate Diaz as having the most post-fight bonus awards in UFC history.
Verhoeven is currently ranked the #1 heavyweight in the world by LiverKick.com, Combat Press and GLORY.
Following a career in the South Korean military, Park emigrated to Canada in 1970.
He wrote prefaces to Sun Lutang and Zheng Manqing's taijiquan books.
He is a former M-1 Global World Welterweight Champion.
A professional fighter since 2007, McDonald fought mostly in regional promotions in his home state of California before signing with Zuffa in 2010.
She is the first woman to win The Ultimate Fighter.
He is a former It's Showtime World Champion -61 kg.
The Soviet Union had invaded the island during the closing stages of the war, but around 300,000 Japanese remained on the island, including Satō's family.
She is also known for being the first-ever woman released by UFC.
He was the former King of the Cage Welterweight and Lightweight Champion.
Dewey Franklin "Frank" Trigg III is a retired American mixed martial artist, color commentator, pro wrestler and TV host.
Rua regularly fought at 185 pounds, but has also fought at 205 pounds and heavyweight.
John Teixeira da Conceição, better known as John Teixeira, is a Brazilian mixed martial artist currently competing in Bellator's featherweight division.
David Bielkheden is a Swedish mixed martial artist.
In 2014 Loek Hollander was officially inducted into the CBME's National Hall of Fame for the Martial arts.
He is a former EliteXC Heavyweight Champion, a former Cage Rage World Heavyweight Champion and a former Cage Warriors Super Heavyweight Champion.
Today, Mol lives with his family in Belgium, where he is a writer and teacher of classical martial arts.
He is a holder of the highest rank in Goju-ryu karate, 10th dan.
Henry Plée was a French martial artist who is considered as the 'father of European and French karate'.
He is a veteran of the RINGS promotion and as he has fought the majority of his fights for them.
He is 2x time World Champion, 3x time European Champion and 3x time British Champion and Junior champion at the age of 13.
George Ashiru is a Nigerian Taekwondo grandmaster and sports leader, and an entrepreneur.
He made his professional debut on July 11, 2008 with a submission victory over Ben Gerdes at Extreme Challenge 101.
He competes in the Super Heavyweight division.
Benjamin Adekunle Miron Adegbuyi is a Romanian kickboxer fighting in the heavyweight division.
He went on to study with Daniel K. Pai, Robert Trias, Seiyu Oyata, Hohan Soken, Wally Jay, Bruce Lee and Muhammad Ali.
Shinichi Kojima is a Japanese mixed martial artist.
Phil Harris is a retired English mixed martial artist, who formerly competed in the Flyweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
He has officially 98 professional fights, making him one of the most experienced mixed martial artists ever.
Hajime Isogai was an early student of Judo and the second person to be promoted to 10th dan.
Relson Gracie has been in Phil's corner during many of his MMA matches.
Despite his eventual opposition to the practice of sword fighting for sport, his work during this period laid the foundations for the modern sport of kendo.
In May 2013, Danny opened P2O Hot Pilates & Fitness in Sacramento, CA.
He died at the age of 28 years, due to a stomach ulcer.
A graduate from the Chuo University, he started training kickboxing at the Mejiro Gym in July 1969, learning under Kenji Kurosaki.
He was the 2006 and 2007 K-1 HERO Middleweight Champion, and has also fought for Strikeforce, DREAM, Shooto, and Cage Rage.
Murakami is also known for his appearances in New Japan Pro Wrestling during the mid-2000s.
He currently competes in the Middleweight division but has also fought as a Light Heavyweight.
In February 2014, Gunnarsson made her professional boxing debut against Sonja Soknic.
He was appointed to the latter position by the creator of this style Kenji Tomiki, one of Morihei Ueshiba's early students.
Holding over forty titles in competitive Brazilian jiu-jitsu and submission grappling along with a professional fight record of 6 wins and 1 loss.
His natural ability for BJJ was clear from the get-go and the fact that he was obstinate made a recipe for a good fighter.
Because he had been a college professor, his students called him "Professor Cheng."
In kickboxing, he was the champion of two K-1 GPs and defeated talented kickboxers such as Remy Bonjasky, Bjorn Bregy, Xhavit Bajrami and Jorgen Kruth.
Ueki still teaches today, and holding an 9th Dan grade, he is the most senior Instructor of Japan Karate Association.
Despite the initial setback, he went on to win 39 professional fights, with 14 losses and three draws.
Carter Lee Williams is an American kickboxer, boxer and mixed martial artist, who fights out of Modesto Power in Modesto, California.
He has also competed in the World Fighting Alliance and Palace Fighting Championship.
He is the father of sprinter Stefan Bečanović.
A professional competitor since 2009, Smith formerly competed for Strikeforce.
He is currently training with Xtreme Couture and TapouT.
Penn at UFC 41, Uno is acknowledged as a pioneer for his impact and influence during the early era of the UFC Lightweight Division.
After five hard rounds, Mannaart lost by decision to Jan Lomulder.
A member of the Serra-Longo Fight Team, Sell formerly fought at both Middleweight & Welterweight in the UFC.
His most notable students included many of the founders of different Okinawan martial arts which later produced Karate.
James Edson Berto, also known as Edson Berto, is a Haitian-American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Featherweight division.
Kin Moy is an American mixed martial artist.
Turpal Tokaev is Russian-Chechan-Kazakh-Turkish kickboxer and actor of Chechen descent.
1 ranked pound for pound UFC fighter in the world during his reign as the UFC Middleweight Champion.
A professional competitor since 2009, Omielańczuk has also formerly competed for KSW.
After introducing aikido to the UK, he established several Japanese martial arts councils there during the late 1950s.
He was released by the UFC shortly after his first round TKO defeat to Anthony Johnson at UFC Fight Night 17.
He is the current head of The Canadian Chitō-ryū Karate-dō Association, and the Technical Advisor for Karate Canada.
Anthony Gomez is an American professional mixed martial artist also occasional kickboxer and boxer.
She is a member of Team USA and a current Shotokan Karate fighter.
He has competed in the K-1 and SUPERKOMBAT promotions and is currently signed to Final Fight Championship and GLORY.
Daniel Thomas Kelly is an Australian judoka and mixed martial artist.
Lee Sung-hyun is a South Korean kickboxer who competes in the lightweight, welterweight and middleweight divisions.
Yuichi Watanabe is a Japanese mixed martial artist.
Daiju Takase is a Japanese mixed martial artist and kickboxer.
Nick Pace is an American professional mixed martial artist who competes in the bantamweight division.
He commenced training in Matsubayashi-ryu Karate-do under his father's tutelage at the age of seven years.
He was a finalist on SpikeTV's The Ultimate Fighter 7.
Lorenz Larkin is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Welterweight division of Bellator MMA.
Nishiura currently competes in MMA for the DREAM organization as a Featherweight and has also fought for Shooto, Cage Force, and DEEP.
He currently teaches shoot wrestling and Brazilian jiu-jitsu, and is the president of the Japanese Confederation of Jiu-Jitsu.
Hans J. Reimers is a German martial arts master of Wing Tsung and Escrima.
Dong Jin Kim was a Korean American martial artist who primarily studied and taught jujutsu, Hapkido, and Kendo.
It was given to him by a Japanese broadcaster describing his fight-style and the manner in which he stormed through the Shooto Featherweight division.
He is the first fighter in the history of the sport to win the Sports Writers of Thailand Fighter of the Year thrice in a row.
Ruslan Savelyevich Karaev is a Russian-born kickboxer of Ossetian origin.
He is the former WEC Lightweight Champion.
Magomed "The Propeller" Magomedov is a Russian former kickboxer fighting out of Chinuk Gyn from Minsk, Belarus.
Renée Forte Teixeira is a Brazilian mixed martial artist who formerly fought in the lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Yutaka Fuji is a Japanese mixed martial artist.
He is currently a competitor in the UFC's lightweight division.
After retiring from the NFL, he became a mixed martial arts fighter, and was a cast member of SpikeTV's The Ultimate Fighter: Heavyweights.
Takashi Kushida was a Japanese aikido master and the chief instructor of Aikido Yoshokai Association of North America.
inter-continental champion and former It's Showtime 61MAX champion.
On December 20, 2016 he signed ACB contract.
A professional competitor since 2008, Rogers has also formerly competed for Strikeforce.
Benji Russell Radach is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Middleweight division of Bellator MMA.
He was the great-grandson Wu-style t'ai chi ch'uan founder Wu Ch'uan-yu and the grandson of the well-known teacher Wu Chien-ch'uan.
Randi Miller is an American wrestler, who competed in the 63 kg weight class at the 2008 Summer Olympics and won a bronze medal.
He is former European muay thai champion and two time K-1 Croatia tournament champion.
In rugby he represented Ireland, and played club level for every Cumbrian clubs except Carlisle Border Raiders.
A professional competitor since 2006, he was also a contestant on The Ultimate Fighter: Brazil 2, and has also formerly competed for Jungle Fight.
He was the subject of a documentary called “Beyond the Rings”.
His former students include Jorge Rojo Gutierrez, Toshiro Suga, Pierre Chassang and Alain Peyrache.
Koji Ogata is a Japanese instructor of Shotokan karate.
He competed in the Ultimate Fighting Championship's Heavyweight division, Strikeforce, M-1 Global, ShoXC, and King of the Cage.
A quotation, by Shōgō Kuniba, states, "Seven Times Down, Eight Times Up!
A professional competitor from 2005 to 2014, McCorkle fought for King of the Cage and local promotions in Indiana before signing with the UFC.
His German nickname translates to 'tank' in English.
Şeyda Burucu became European champion at the 2012 European Karate Championships held in Adeje, Tenerife, Spain.
Jomhod fought in Lumpinee stadium for the first time in 1989.
It was under the intercede of Zhou Mingtai that Li Cunyi accepted Shang Yunxiang as his student.
She currently fights in the UFC strawweight division, where as of July, 2017, she is #11 in the official UFC Strawweight rankings.
He competed in the Lightweight and Welterweight divisions.
Yoshihiro Akiyama(born July 29, 1975), also known as Choo Sung-hoon is a Japanese mixed martial artist and judoka.
Ralph Gracie is a Brazilian martial artist who has competed in mixed martial arts.
He is the Co-Champion of the UFC 41 Lightweight Tournament and a former Shooto Lightweight Champion.
Yancy Medeiros is an American mixed martial artist from Wai'anae, Hawaii.
She participated in MMA promotions ReMix, Smackgirl, Shooto and Ax.
Martin Brown is an American mixed martial artist.
Kenji Tomiki was a Japanese aikido and judo teacher and the founder of competitive aikido style.
Team Mir and has fought five times within two stints with the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
In Japanese culture the term of “Waka”, is referred to the “successor”, the person that will continue after his father.
Ana Julaton is a Filipino-American boxer and mixed martial artist.
Tanner won his first championship when he defeated Heath Herring at USWF 7, and went on to successfully defend that title seven times.
Christian Cyrus Leben is a retired American mixed martial artist.
Among Matsumora's students, who went on to influence new generations through students of their own, were Choki Motobu and Chotoku Kyan.
He is a seven time amateur Muay Thai world champion and is the K-1 World MAX 2010 East Europe champion currently competing in K-1 MAX.
He lost the last fight of his career at AMC - Return of the Gladiators 1 against Jeff Monson on July 29, 2000.
Lajcik competed in the heavyweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship and the Pancrase.
Fred Royers is a Dutch former kickboxer who competed in the middleweight division.
A professional competitor since 2006, Wren has also formerly competed for the UFC, and was a cast member of SpikeTV's The Ultimate Fighter: Heavyweights.
He is also a Traditional Chinese medicine doctor and MD Pharm.
Steve Jennum is a retired American mixed martial artist and Nebraska police officer.
He also holds notable victories over Cain Velasquez, Alistair Overeem, Minotauro Nogueira, and Mark Hunt.
Cathal Pendred is an Irish actor and retired mixed martial artist who competed in Ultimate Fighting Championship's welterweight division.
From January 2015 until his death in June 2016, Slice was under contract with Bellator MMA.
Mitsuyo Maeda, a Brazilian naturalized as Otávio Maeda, was a Japanese judōka and prizefighter in no holds barred competitions.
He competed in the Bantamweight and Featherweight division.
He signed with Glory after just one pro fight.
Brandon Michael Mathew Thatch is an American professional mixed martial artist who competed in the welterweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Fabiano Scherner is a German-Brazilian mixed martial artist and Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt.
Rudy Bears is an American professional mixed martial artist, currently competing in the Welterweight division.
His fighting style is characterized by skillfully avoiding strikes, using fast counter punches and generally getting the opponent to fight his way.
His art has generated a considerable amount of controversy, due in large part to Dillman's reluctance to scientifically prove the validity of his claims.
Ray Sloan is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in Bellator's light heavyweight division.
He was a competitor on The Ultimate Fighter: Team Lesnar vs.
He is a veteran in Japan's Sengoku Raiden Championship.
He retired in 2000 after a 23-year career in Thailand and moved to New York to coach.
Building on experience as a stuntman and in non-speaking parts, Jardine has established himself as an actor in film and television.
He is the president of the National Tang Soo Do Congress, which was originally created by Chuck Norris in 1973.
He trains also UFC fighter Teemu Packalen.
Rich Attonito is an American mixed martial artist who competes in the welterweight division.
He first appeared on The Ultimate Fighter: Latin America.
He is also featured in many magazines and books.
Thiago Michel is a Brazilian professional kickboxer and mixed martial arts fighter formally competed for Bellator Fighting Championships in their season six lightweight tournament.
In January 2017, he also signed with GLORY.
As of April 19, 2017, he is #7 in UFC Flyweight rankings.
Kuniba applied his knowledge of aikido, jujutsu, judo and other arts to the bunkai of karate kata.
He is often attributed as one of the originators of the tai sabaki method.
In 1992 she became head coach of the women's karate team.
Eiichi Miyazato was a leading Okinawan master of Goju-ryu karate.
His profile further increased the following year when he engaged in a controversial rivalry with Simon Marcus.
Sithsamerchai won his third title defense on November 28, 2009 by a majority decision over Juan Palacios.
Liguori trains under Renzo Gracie, and with UFC veteran Ricardo Almeida and stand out Lightweight Frank Edgar.
Marcos Vinicius Borges Pancini is a Brazilian mixed martial artist who formerly competed in the bantamweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
The club has never won the wooden spoon in its 70 seasons, the longest period of any current club.
Gogea Mitu was a Romanian boxer and the tallest Romanian in history.
Akira Kikuchi is a retired Japanese mixed martial artist and a former Shooto Welterweight Champion.
Rick Thomas Story is an American mixed martial artist who fought in the Ultimate Fighting Championship where he competed as a Welterweight.
Evensen has fought for the Ultimate Fighting Championship, Bellator Fighting Championships, and the now defunct BodogFIGHT.
Williams was ranked as high as the #6 top Heavyweight fighter in the world as of May 2000.
He has been a professional MMA competitor since 2006.
Jake HechtFebruary 9, 1984) is an American mixed martial artist who competes in the welterweight division.
Serra also served as the head coach for The Ultimate Fighter 6 reality show opposite Matt Hughes.
A professional competitor since 2011, Felder has also formerly competed for the Cage Fury Fighting Championships.
Mário Miranda is a Brazilian mixed martial artist who competed most recently for M-1 Global, fighting in their middleweight division.
Joseph Edward Proctor is an American mixed martial artist formly competed in the lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
As of 24 July 2017, he is ranked the #7 heavyweight in the world by LiverKick.com.
Thiago de Oliveira Perpétuo is a Brazilian mixed martial artist who competed in the Welterweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
He also heads the sanctioning body of TWC, the Global Traditional Wing Chun Kung Fu Association.
Katsuaki Satō is the founder and director of Satojuku Karate, also known as Odo karate.
It is the antithesis of any martial art that relies only on force to conquer an opponent."
Rafael Mahir oghlu Aghayev is a leading Azerbaijani Karate competitor and is five times World, ten times European champion.
Roberto Cocco is an Italian super middleweight Muay Thai kickboxer and boxer, fighting out of Dojo Miura in his home town of Turin, Italy.
A professional competitor since 2002, Emerson is also a veteran of Bellator MMA, the UFC, Pancrase, and was a cast member of The Ultimate Fighter 5.
He is the current World Full Contact Association Muay Thai middleweight world champion, WMC intercontinental champion, and a two-time K-1 MAX regional tournament finalist.
As of August 3, 2017 Poirier is #8 in the official UFC lightweight rankings.
Jhun is the former King of the Cage Welterweight Champion.
The incident is a murder-suicide, according to law enforcement officials.
Josh D. Koscheck is an American mixed martial artist who fights at Welterweight for Bellator MMA.
Martyna Trajdos is a German judoka competing in the women's 63 kg division.
Dennis Raymond Alexio is an American former kickboxer who competed in the light heavyweight, cruiserweight and heavyweight divisions.
Ian "Powerhouse" Jacobs is an Australian kickboxer and former 3 time World Kickboxing Champion.
He was an influential martial artist and teacher of taijiquan.
Hikitsuchi taught as chief instructor of Kumano Juku Dojo in Shingu, Japan until his death in 2004.
Eric Lawson is an American mixed martial artist, who is perhaps best known for his fight stint with now-defunct promotion Strikeforce.
Currently, he wrestles in Kazuki Okubo's Ganko Pro Wrestling as Blue Shark.
Heather Jo Clark is an American mixed martial artist who competes in the Strawweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Tchoung Ta-tchen or Zhong Dazhen was a martial arts teacher who developed his own version of Yang-style t'ai chi ch'uan.
Since of 2 November 2015, he is ranked the #8 light heavyweight in the world by GLORY.
As the last of three sons, Motobu Chōki was not entitled to an education in his family's style of Te.
He is the WFC World Muay Thai Champion.
Jason Nicholas Miller best known as Mayhem Miller is an American mixed martial arts fighter and TV host.
He is competing for the Nippon Steel Corporation Judo Club.
A professional competitor since 2003, Gonzalez has also competed for the WEC, King of the Cage and Strikeforce.
He is currently under contract with Bellator MMA where he is a former two-time Bellator Lightweight Champion.
He has achieved six “Combat Hall of Fame Awards”, and holds several national and international competition titles.
A pioneer in the sport of Mixed Martial Arts.
Grandmaster Lộc was born in Hữu Bằng village, Thạch Thất district, then part of Sơn Tây province, now a district of Hanoi.
He announced his retirement and decided to end his 14-year professional career at a press conference in Tokyo on August 26, 2009.
Igor Araújo is a Brazilian professional mixed martial artist who most recently competed in the Welterweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Terry L. Martin is an American mixed martial artist from Chicago, Illinois.
He has more than 20 years of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu teaching experience.
Jayson Patino is an American Brazilian Jiu Jitsu practitioner who holds a black belt under Ricardo Liborio of American Top Team.
After Ueshiba's death, aikido continued to be promulgated by his students.
Andrew Martin Dober is an American mixed martial artist who competes in the lightweight division for the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Bruno Franco Fernandes is a Brazilian ophthalmologist and martial arts teacher based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
After a near-death experience in motocross he eventually turned to acting.
He was credited with a black belt in taekwondo in his Ultimate Fighting Championship debut at UFC 3.
Berry is the former King of the Cage Middleweight Champion.
Then came a controversial loss to Tsuyoshi Kohsaka on December 22, 2000.
Chris Wade is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Jamal Ben Saddik is a Belgian Super Heavyweight kickboxer signed to the GLORY promotion.
Joseph Rolando Benavidez is an American mixed martial artist.
Jae Chul Shin was a Korean martial artist and founder of the World Tang Soo Do Association.
He quickly gained popularity in the Shooto organization due to his aggressive, well-rounded style and controversial persona.
Erikson was a long time assistant wrestling coach at Purdue University, where he has been coaching since 1997.
As of February 2017, Moraes is ranked as the #5 bantamweight fighter in the world by Sherdog.
Jacob Patrick McClintock is an American mixed martial artist.
In 1978 Tennessee governor Ray Blanton signed into law a state senate resolution naming Patterson the father of karate in Tennessee.
Chaz Pictro Mulkey is an American Muay Thai kickboxer who competes in the middleweight and super middleweight divisions.
Quinton Ramone "Rampage" Jackson is an American mixed martial artist, actor and retired professional wrestler.
Outside the ring, Carano performed as Crush in the revamped 2008 television series American Gladiators.
Erik Apple is a former American professional mixed martial arts fighter.
Tom DeBlass is an American mixed martial artist and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu practitioner.
Steve Mocco is an American amateur wrestler and mixed martial artist originally from North Bergen, New Jersey.
She is currently signed with Invicta FC.
He founded Canadian Property Stars in 2004, and in 2008 wrote Millionaire in 90 Days "Working out at the Gym".
Özçelik serves as a teacher of physical education in Yaşar Doğu Primary School in Kağıthane, Istanbul.
12 pound-for-pound female MMA fighter in the world by MMARising.com McMann is currently ranked as the No.
Frank Dux is a martial artist and fight choreographer.
He is the M-1 Global Western Europe champion in his weight division.
To the great surprise of many, Chivichyan competed again at the 2008 USJA/USJF Winter Nationals, the first National Judo Championship endorsed by both organizations.
He was a unified super-middleweight world champion, having held the IBF title from 1998 to 2004, and the WBA title from 2003 to 2004.
"Sugar" Ray Sefo is a semi-retired New Zealand kickboxer, boxer, mixed martial artist and fight promoter of Samoan descent.
In 1976, he continued his Choy Li Fut training under Hu Yuen Chou and Wong Gong.
In 1991 and 2003, Toney was voted Fighter of the Year by The Ring magazine and the Boxing Writers Association of America.
A professional competitor since 2002, he has formerly competed for the UFC and the WEC.
In Brazilian jiu-jitsu and grappling, Monson is a two-time winner of the ADCC Submission Wrestling World Championship, and a No Gi Brazilian jiu-jitsu World Champion.
He has won the British Jiu Jitsu Championship twice as well as the European Jiu Jitsu beating Remco Pardoel.
Mok Kwai-lan was the fourth spouse of Lingnan martial arts grandmaster Wong Fei-hung.
He studied kendo and competed at Police Department competitions.
Cristian Ciocan is a Romanian-German professional boxer in the heavyweight division.
He became the national coach of Denmark in 1975 and in 1978 returned to Japan where he currently manages the international affairs of the JKA.
Tyron Lakent Woodley is an American mixed martial artist, actor and former amateur wrestler for the University of Missouri.
Kalib Axel Starnes is a Canadian mixed martial artist.
Sarah D'Alelio is a professional mixed martial artist.
11/9/2014 – Twisted Fitness – Madison, WI
Paul Bradley is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in Bellator's Welterweight division.
Gracie gained fame for his success in the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Alex Caceres is an American mixed martial artist who competes in the featherweight division of the UFC.
He is the eldest of three children, having one younger sister and one younger brother.
Wu was a scholar from a wealthy and influential family who became a senior student of Yang Luchan.
He currently fights as a lightweight, and primarily employs Brazilian Jiu Jitsu.
Yetkin Özkul is a Turkish Muay Thai kickboxer who competes in the featherweight and lightweight divisions.
Chivichyan currently trains professional and amateur fighters at the Hayastan MMA Academy in North Hollywood, California, United States.
He was a contestant on The Ultimate Fighter: Team Carwin vs.
Nate Mohr is an American mixed martial artist, formerly fought in the Lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
He fights in the Lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Villefort is currently under contract with World Series of Fighting fighting in their Middleweight division.
Pleasant Adams Hackleman was a lawyer, politician and Union general who was killed during the American Civil War.
Razmadze is a member of the Georgian Olympic Judo team.
Having been ranked as high as #8 in official UFC light heavyweight rankings, he was cut from the UFC roster on February 15, 2017.
He was one of the Ten Tigers of Canton.
At 13, she won gold at the 2012 National Championships, in the world class senior light weight division.
He has competed in the middleweight division for Bellator, and is a veteran of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Many Chinese martial artists trace their lineage back to Chu Guiting, and he taught artists from other styles.
Robinson is also the Guinness world record holder for the Punch-Bag Marathon with a time of 37 hours and 30 minutes on September 1, 2008.
A professional competitor since 2004, Morrison has also formerly competed for the WEC.
A trained martial artist, Jarvie's acting career began in 2010.
John Ott is an American professional mixed martial arts fighter.
A professional competitor since 2007, he has also formerly competed for the World Series of Fighting, Bellator, Shark Fights, and Titan FC.
They all have the same father Alvin Robinson Sr. His younger brothers live in Mesa, Arizona and so does Alvin Sr.
Paulo Henrique Bordignon Miyao is a Brazilian BJJ black belt with a notable competitive record.
In 2008, 2009, and 2010 he was named the Canadian Athlete of the Year by Rogers Sportsnet.
In 1988, Dr. Shaner was honored with a personal audience with His Majesty, Emperor Akihito in Akasaka Palace.
Rungravee Sasiprapa is a Thai Muay Thai kickboxer.
Michael Thompson is an English former karateka and kickboxer who competed in the cruiserweight and heavyweight division.
He was a cast member of SpikeTV's The Ultimate Fighter: Team Nogueira vs.
He is currently signed with Bellator and has also competed for the UFC.
Renaldo Rijkhoff is a Dutch mixed martial artist.
Azad Asgarov, Russian: Азад Аскеров is an Azerbaijani mixed martial artist and pankration world champion.
On January 2, 2015 she was awarded 'Nordic Female Fighter of the Year'.
Erik Paulson is an American mixed martial artist.
He mostly fought in Canada, and competed on the eighth season of The Ultimate Fighter.
The Northern Eagles competed in 2000 and 2001, before the joint venture collapsed, allowing Manly-Warringah to return to the NRL as a stand-alone club in 2002.
Thompson is undefeated through 37 amateur and 20 professional kickboxing matches, with 28 wins by knockout.
LeBell has also worked on over 1,000 films and TV shows and has authored 12 books.
He is the former UFC Light Heavyweight Champion, UFC 12 Heavyweight Tournament Champion, and the Cage Rage World Light Heavyweight Champion.
Eh Phuthong  is a Khmer/Chinese Cambodian professional kickboxer and former reality TV host.
His film credits are; Meteor, Force Five, City on Fire and Jaguar Lives.
Yosdenis Cedeno is a Cuban-American mixed martial artist who formerly fought in the Lightweight division in the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Willie Peeters is a Dutch mixed martial artist.
Hüseyin Dündar is a Turkish martial arts performer competing in the boxing, kickboxing, Muay Thai and wushu disciplines.
Ece Yaşar is a Turkish female karateka competing currently in the kumite -61 kg division.
He was one of the five original Founders to open solely Korean Martial Arts Kwans, after the Japanese Occupation.
He was inspired to fight when one day, he saw one of his classmates from elementary school fighting in Shooto.
Ralek Gracie is an American Brazilian jiu-jitsu practitioner and mixed martial artist.
Naoko Kumagai is a Japanese female kickboxer and 3-time World Champion in 3 different weight classes.
Joe Pearson is an American mixed martial artist who has fought in PRIDE, WEC and Shooto.
World MMA title holder under ISFA rules 2016.
Relson has also taught self-defense to the U.S. Military, Secret Service, D.E.A., F.B.I., and local law enforcement agencies across the United States.
Hideki Kadowaki is a Japanese mixed martial artist.
Following a career in the South Korean military, GM Rhee emigrated to the United Kingdom in 1967.
champion of Lumpinee Stadium and 135 lbs.
Sayaka Matsumoto is a Japanese-born American judoka.
Marcello Salazar M. Bergo is a Brazilian mixed martial artist.
Leslie Smith is an American professional female mixed martial artist.
He is one of the tallest MMA combatants in recent times and is known for his unorthodox fighting style.
She captured the DEEP Women's Flyweight Championship by winning a one-night tournament at DEEP: 34 Impact on February 22, 2008.
On March 8, 2015 Moroşanu won the first series of Sunt celebru, scoate-mă de aici!, the Romanian version of I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!.
He was also a high-ranking Mongolian traditional wrestler, professional mixed martial artist, grappler and kickboxer who has fought for K-1 and New Japan Pro Wrestling.
She is perhaps best known for pioneering women's judo competition at the Olympic Games.
James Brett Wilks is a retired English professional mixed martial artist.
She represented the United States at the 2008 Olympics in Beijing, where she won a bronze medal.
He also developed a rigorous philosophy unique to the system, and intended to be carried into one's everyday life.
Elmont was born in Paramaribo, Suriname and moved to the Netherlands at a young age.
Tommy Sauer is an American mixed martial artist.
He also took the bronze at the World Combat Games in 2013.
Mackenzie Lynne Dern is a Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu practitioner and mixed martial artist.
Johnny Eduardo is a Brazilian mixed martial artist currently fighting in the bantamweight division for the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
She has also World Cup 1998 and World Championships since 1986.
In 2016 January Ring magazine considered Layla McCarter the 10th best female boxer of all time.
Ron Van Clief is an American martial artist and an actor in Hollywood and Hong Kong action films.
He went 22 years undefeated as the Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu National Champion.
A professional MMA competitor since 2008, Spoon has made a name for himself fighting in various promotions, including King of the Cage and Bellator Fighting Championships.
David Douglas is an American professional mixed martial artist.
He is the second Israeli to ever fight in the UFC.
A professional MMA competitor since 2006, Bender has fought in multiple promotions, including King of the Cage and Bellator Fighting Championships.
Ed "Wild" West is a Filipino-born American mixed martial artist.
In 1980 he settled in the United States, where he established himself as a prominent figure in taekwondo instruction.
He was the runner-up of The Ultimate Fighter: Team Liddell vs.
Her fighting record has 42 fights, with 38 wins KO), 3 losses and 1 draw.
He has fought for Dream, Pancrase, M-1 Global, ProElite, ONE FC, and also participated in the Dynamite!!
Amanda Bell in Oakland, California is an American mixed martial artist who competes in the Featherweight division.
In the NFL, he also played for the Minnesota Vikings, Philadelphia Eagles, and New York Giants.
Lesnar lost in his UFC debut against Frank Mir and then won his second fight against Heath Herring.
Jesse Ronson is a Canadian mixed martial artist who competes in the Lightweight division.
He is an 8th dan in jujitsu, 9th dan in judo, 7th dan in aikido, and 7th dan in karate.
Julie Kitchen is a retired professional English female kickboxer, muay thai fighter and sports commentator.
Steve Nelmark is an American mixed martial artist.
Anthony Birchak is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the Featherweight division of Rizin.
He competed in the Bantamweight and Featherweight divisions.
In Belgium the following year he won the Grand Championship of Europe, taking both kumite and kata events, later repeating this feat on three occasions.
Wonik Yi is a martial artist and the founder of the World Teuk Gong Moo Sool Federation.
Travis Kuualiialoha Browne is an American mixed martial artist who competes as a heavyweight in the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
He is widely regarded as one of the greatest combination specialists in kickboxing history.
Daniel Ryan Cormier is an American mixed martial artist and former Olympic wrestler.
Katja leads the Nordic strawweight rankings and Finnish women, all weight classes MMA rankings.
He is known for his aggressive style, all but one of his fights have ended in a stoppage.
Nemkov won the 2011 World Sambo Championships in Combat Sambo Events.
In the early 1960s, Maung Gyi formally began teaching Burmese Bando at American University in Washington D.C.
Chikubu-Kai was created on September 8, 1995, to continue his teachings.
Salaverry is a middleweight veteran of the Ultimate Fighting Championship, BAMMA and the now-defunct World Fighting Alliance.
Team Serra, fighting on Team Serra and as the coach for Team Australia on The Ultimate Fighter: The Smashes.
Wu Kung-tsao was the younger brother of Wu Kung-i and the older brother of Wu Ying-hua.
Jin Akimoto is a Japanese mixed martial artist.
She later defeated HOOKnSHOOT 125-pound champion Cody Welchlin in a non-title bout at a HOOKnSHOOT/BodogFight co-sponsored event.
Noted for her punching power and also as one of the first American fighters to incorporate low kicks into their arsenal, Casillas retired undefeated in 1986.
He is the former WSOF Welterweight Champion.
Gil Castillo is a retired American professional mixed martial artist who has competed in the UFC, WEC and King of the Cage.
Jens Johnnie Pulver is an American professional mixed martial artist and undefeated boxer and kickboxer.
Paul Varelans is a former professional mixed martial arts fighter and professional wrestler.
The biggest achievement in Laine's sports career was achieved in 1994 in the World Karate Championships.
After numerous punches Ambriz was forced to tap in the first round.
One of his goals is to surpass training partner Hideki Kadowaki, and although maybe a dream, someday Caol Uno.
He also held the SUPERKOMBAT Middleweight Championship in 2016.
He also went the distance with some of the top fighters in his time, such as Peter Aerts, Remy Bonjasky, Semmy Schilt and Errol Zimmerman.
He made his MMA debut at UFC 3 in 1994 losing to Royce Gracie by submission.
At PRIDE Bushido 13, Gomi successfully defended the title, becoming the only Lightweight to do so.
Tomasz Kucharzewski was a Polish-Canadian martial artist.
He also has a brother and a sister.
Previous, David Smith was a USMTA Champion
During his reign as the UFC Superfight Champion, he was widely considered the #1 mixed martial artist in the world.
In professional wrestling, Severn is a two-time world champion, having won the NWA World Heavyweight Championship twice, with his first reign lasting for over four years.
He is a two-time Strikeforce Lightweight Champion and a former WEC Lightweight Champion.
During his first visit in Japan he was practicing in Hombu Dojo with Kisshomaru Ueshiba, the son of the founder of Aikido, Morihei Ueshiba.
Jiang also learned Chen-style t'ai chi ch'uan from Master Chen Ziming, the 17th generation successor of the Chen Family.
Reyes made it to the final round of the tournament which took place at Bellator 10, fighting Joe Soto.
He holds notable wins over Gago Drago, Luis Reis, Andy Souwer and Artur Kyshenko.
He was also the first African American ever to play basketball for the University of Kentucky.
Phil was the first American fighter to represent the Relson Gracie Team in MMA competition.
Mike Tyson who became famous for his knockout power retired with a knockout percentage of 75.86%.
He is also a former holder of Revolution Pro Wrestling's British Heavyweight Championship.
Before turning pro Papuni was a well credentialed amateur boxing, winning a few amateur titles and reaching the quarter finals of the 2010 Commonwealth Games.
Leroy "Bamm Bamm" Kaestner is a Dutch welterweight kickboxer fighting out of Bullys gym Arnhem for Team Aerts/Afafa.
Sanchez is a former KOTC Bantamweight and Interim Champion.
Lucy Payne, is an English female kickboxer and muay thai fighter based in Cornwall.
Rose Gertrude Namajunas is an American mixed martial artist who is currently competing in the Women's Strawweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Kyuhei Ueno is a Japanese mixed martial artist.
During his career, Henderson also challenged for the UFC Middleweight Championship, the UFC Light Heavyweight Championship and the Strikeforce Middleweight Championship.
Vítor Vianna is a Brazilian mixed martial artist, who has competed in mixed martial arts events in Brazil, Holland, and in the United States.
Joseph Duffy is an Irish mixed martial artist who competes in the Lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Born in Leningrad, then part of the Soviet Union, Putin studied law at the Saint Petersburg State University, graduating in 1975.
