Dame Edith Maud Pitt, DBE was a British Conservative Party M.P.
Timothy John Groser is a New Zealand politician and diplomat.
Van De Walle was born to Belgian immigrants in the hamlet of Villeneuve on the shores of Big Lake, Alberta.
After serving his only term, the 16th Canadian Parliament, Allan was defeated by Sutherland in the 1930 federal election.
He was Deputy Leader of the SNP from November 2014 to October 2016.
Nori was a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly representing the electoral districts of McKell and Port Jackson for the Australian Labor Party.
There she served on the education committee, helping to introduce comprehensive schools to the city.
McNevin died at Omemee, Ontario on 2 March 1951 survived by his wife and two daughters.
He is also a producer with the film production house Walk of Fame Entertainment.
He was previously an ambassador for the Cook Islands and Niue to the European Union.
Liddell subsequently retired from politics and returned to medicine, practicing in Maitland and Hornsby.
Patricia Gibson is a Scottish National Party politician.
Besides his work as a pharmacist, he also was president of Galt Stove and Furnace.
Knapp joined Bruce Beetham in parliament, where they both had high profiles.
David Allan Tilson, MP is a politician in Ontario, Canada.
During that same year, thousands of Burmese civilians were killed by the military during a pro-democracy uprising against the government.
He was first elected at the Durham riding in the 1949 general election and re-elected there in the 1953 election.
McLucas was an Australian Labor Party member of the Australian Senate representing Queensland from 1999 to 2016.
Towards the end of his life, Finlay suffered from Parkinson's disease.
Anderson served as a foreign service officer in the Department of External Affairs between 1962 and 1968.
Richard 'Dick' Sleath was an Australian politician.
He was defeated in the 1935 election.
Rowland "Rowley" James was an Australian politician and coalminer.
She later immigrated to Canada in 1995 and settled in Montreal.
Ruslan Mykhaylovych Sydorovych is a Ukrainian politician and lawyer, Member of Parliament, member of the parliamentary faction Samopomich Union.
When LSSP members who were imprisoned by the British were released in 1945, Wilfred Senanayake took the initiative to organise rallies throughout the country.
Stockwell Burt Day, Jr., PC is a former Canadian politician, and a member of the Conservative Party of Canada.
His wife, Margaret Mary Macdonald, succeeded him as the Member of Parliament for King's in a by-election later that year.
He held the seat until his retirement in 1974.
Born in Saint-Ubalde, Quebec, he was a furniture merchant by career.
Afterwards he travelled for three years, visiting many countries of the world.
He was a bank officer before serving in the military 1940-45.
Grant came third with 22% of the vote.
Webb was mayor of Gananoque, Ontario at one time.
In 1889 he joined the new National Union of Dock Labourers and was elected General Secretary in 1893, defeating James Larkin.
For many years, she was known as a strong supporter of Paul Martin in his bid to succeed Jean Chrétien as leader of the Liberal Party.
He was a Country Party member of the Australian House of Representatives from 1919 to 1928, representing the Victorian electorate of Indi.
Born in Darling Downs, Queensland, he was educated in Melbourne before returning to Queensland as a public servant.
He was first elected at the Terrebonne riding in the 1958 general election after an unsuccessful attempt there in the 1957 election.
McElwee again stood at Hulme at the 1929 general election, and was elected.
Seyadu Abdul Raheem was a Sri Lankan Moor diplomat, politician and Member of Parliament.
He was elected unopposed as Member of Parliament for Hemsworth at a by-election in 1946 following the death of the sitting MP George Griffiths.
He declined to stand in 1906 due to age concerns.
Born in Childers, Queensland, he was educated at Apple Tree Creek State School before becoming a sugarcane grower.
This resulted in significant reforms that modernised stevedoring and improved the efficiency and reliability of Australia's waterfront.
Peter Arthur David Baker MC was a British soldier, author, publisher and Conservative politician who served as a member of parliament for South Norfolk.
Eric George Molyneux Fletcher, Baron Fletcher, PC was a Labour Party politician in the United Kingdom.
Collins has been the only Labour Member of Parliament for the Taunton constituency.
Henry Perrin Beatty, PC is a Canadian corporate executive and former politician.
He is the son of Doug Hoyle, a former Labour MP for Warrington North.
James Patrick Ormonde was a Scottish-born Australian politician.
He had large pastoral interests and was involved in the development of copper mining in the state.
Thomas William Urwin was a British Labour Party politician.
It has been described as a "dim debut" by one historian.
In the 1926 election, Johnson returned to the Moose Jaw riding for another campaign but was also defeated.
He was a public servant and barrister before entering politics.
Khwaja Ghulam Rasool Koreja is a Pakistani politician who is currently a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan, belonging to the Pakistan Peoples Party.
Before entering public life, McGuire worked as a teacher in Prince Edward Island and a vice-principal at an elementary school in Ontario.
Yeo Guat Kwang is a Member of the 12th Parliament of Singapore for the Ang Mo Kio GRC.
In 1945 and 1946 Duthie was directly involved with Australian rules football in the town.
Louise Claire Upston MP is a New Zealand politician of the National Party.
He held the seat until his defeat in 1993.
A Liberal, she served as a cabinet minister in the provincial government of David Peterson and the federal government of Jean Chrétien.
In 2005, he was named Vice-President, External Relations and Secretary-General.
He was re-elected at the 1965 parliamentary election.
Selected as a candidate for Norwich South in 2011, Lewis often broke the party line on issues including nuclear weapons, tuition fees and immigration.
He was appointed by President John Evan Atta Mills and sworn in in February 2012, and served till January 2013.
He is currently serving as Parliamentary Under Secretary of State for Roads, Local Transport and Devolution.
Marian Shinn is a South African politician, a Member of Parliament with the Democratic Alliance, and the Shadow Minister of Telecommunications and Postal Services.
James Moore, PC is a Canadian politician who formerly served as the Minister of Industry in the cabinet of Prime Minister Stephen Harper.
She served as the Bloc's caucus chair from 1996 to 1998.
During that time, his riding changed to Brant—Wentworth then Brant—Haldimand.
He sits in the present federal Cabinet, headed by Justin Trudeau, as Minister of Families, Children and Social Development.
A redistribution ahead of the 1955 election saw most of Sturt's Labor-friendly territory shifted to newly created Bonython, which made Sturt notionally Liberal.
Muhammad Mumuni is a Ghanaian lawyer and politician.
After a career in business consulting, she was a policy advisor to Queen Elizabeth II.
In 1891, he was a founding member of the Labour Party.
He served concurrently as deputy government House Leader.
On one occasion he escaped the wrath of parliamentary forces by escaping in a hearse.
Since 2006 Vladimir Ryzhkov is a co-chair of registered political party Republican Party of Russia – People's Freedom Party.
In 1887, Ray was named to the Legislative Council of Nova Scotia.
Taiaroa was active in pursuing Ngāi Tahu land claims in Parliament.
Lewis "Bata" Kent, born Lajco Kopolnai, was an Australian politician.
He had previously stood for the Division of Holt for the Liberal party at the 2001 federal election.
Tetiana Heorhiyivna Ostrikova is a Ukrainian politician and lawyer.
Sihabdeen Nijamudeen is a Sri Lankan politician and a former member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka.
He chaired the House Standing Committee on Aboriginal Affairs and Northern Development from Oct. 4, 2004 - Nov. 29, 2005.
He served in the military from 1942 to 1943 and became a barrister in 1946.
Richard John Barker is a New Zealand politician.
In 2007, Simard was appointed critic of Western Economic Development of her Majesty's loyal opposition.
She served in the Blair Government as Minister for Sport from 1999 to 2001.
Arnold John Shaw was a British Labour Party politician.
Prior to entering cabinet he was the Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Public Works and to the Minister for the Pacific Gateway & 2010 Olympics.
In 2015, he lost to Liberal challenger Marc Serré.
In 2016, Worth was awarded as a Member of the Order of Australia.
Noel Lawrence Beaton was an Australian politician.
Cavers was called to the Ontario bar in 1935 and practised law in St. Catharines.
Barry Owen Jones, AC FAA FACE FAHA FASSA FTSE, is an Australian polymath, writer, lawyer, social activist, quiz champion and former politician.
Ranasinghe Hettiarachchige Tudor Edward Ranasinghe Gunasekara is a former Sri Lankan politician and diplomat.
He was first elected to the Canadian House of Commons for the Ontario riding of Prince Edward in the 1900 federal election.
Kanaka Herath is a Sri Lankan politician, a member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka.
He has been the Member of Parliament for Tewkesbury since 1997.
He was Counsel Assisting the Equine Influenza Inquiry in 2008.
Craig Arthur Samuel Laundy is an Australian politician.
This village is one of the olden village which is situated in the eastern coast of Sri Lanka.
Clemons was appointed Minister without portfolio in the Cook Ministry from June 1913 until its defeat at the September 1914 election.
He represented Maskinongé in the Canadian House of Commons from 1887 to 1891 as a Conservative member.
Humphrey Cooper Attewell was a British trade unionist and politician.
John Belasyse, 1st Baron Belasyse PC was an English nobleman, soldier and Member of Parliament, notable for his role during and after the English Civil War.
Between 1978 and 1980, Bevis worked as an organiser for the Queensland Teachers Union.
Harrison was re-elected at Meadow Lake for successive terms in 1949, 1953 and 1957.
She is married to Robert Coombs who himself served as the member for Swansea from 2007 to 2011.
He was the Member of Parliament for Blaydon from 1979 until he stood down at the 2005 general election.
Smith left the House of Commons after his third term, the 22nd Canadian Parliament, and did not seek re-election in 1957.
He served as mayor of L'Île-Perrot, Quebec from 1977 to 1981.
Messner was Administrator of Norfolk Island from August 1997 to July 2003.
In 1992, she became Minister of Education, and then served as Minister of Health and Social Services from 1994 until the defeat of the Liberal government.
David Morley Charleston was an Cornish-born, Australian politician.
He is the author of Glory Daze, a book about the disconnect between the Australia's strong economic performance and popular discontent with government.
Danby was briefly Parliamentary Secretary for the Arts, from March to September 2013.
Nurses and junior doctors resumed the strike on 21 October because they had not got the increase promised by the government.
He is also the first openly gay MP elected in Alberta.
Holger Apfel is a German politician who was the leader of the far-right National Democratic Party of Germany from 2011 to 2013.
He was Labour Member of Parliament for Mitcham from 1945 to 1950, when he was defeated by the Conservative Robert Carr.
John Norman McKay, PC, MP is a Canadian lawyer and politician.
Born in Lachute, Quebec, Valois was educated at the Seminaire de Joliette and the Université de Montréal, attained Bachelor of Arts and Bachelor of Laws degrees.
She also became Minister for Sport and Tourism in 2013, a post she held until after the 2015 general election.
Sir Eruera Tihema Te Aika Tirikatene KCMG was a New Zealand Māori politician of the Ngai Tahu tribe.
Born in England, he was an exporter, importer and merchant by career.
Brian Andrew Greig OAM, Australian politician, was an Australian Democrats member of the Australian Senate from 1999 to 2005, representing the state of Western Australia.
In the 2005–2010 Parliament he was a member of the Transport Select Committee and a Shadow Transport Spokesperson on the Liberal Democrat frontbench team in 2006.
At the 1945 general election, He was elected as the Member of Parliament for Acocks Green.
Born in High Prairie, Alberta, he was the eighth of nine children.
Born in Port Pirie, South Australia, he received a primary education before moving to Western Australia in 1897, where he became a railwayman and railway unionist.
After serving his final term in the 28th Canadian Parliament, Crossman left the House of Commons and did not campaign in any further federal elections.
9, and for Stockholm city council as no.
He won the Liberal Party's nomination contest in Sudbury on March 28, 2015, over former mayor Marianne Matichuk.
In January 2003, an All-Women Shortlist was made over his successor.
From 1917 to 1927 he was a member of the War Pensions Appeal Tribunal.
He was a member of the Liberal Party.
In 1940, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for New South Wales.
He joined the Illawarra Miners' Union in 1889 and became the delegate for the South Bull Miners' Lodge.
He is the son of Larine Perera.
Ronald Bruce Stanton, MP is a Canadian politician and the current Member of Parliament for the riding of Simcoe North.
After the election, he and fellow MP Michelle Rempel proposed to become joint interim leaders of the party but ultimately lost to Rona Ambrose.
Borys Wrzesnewskyj is a Canadian politician who represented riding of Etobicoke Centre in the Canadian House of Commons from 2004 to 2011.
Several months later, he endorsed Martin for leader and said he would be willing to serve in a Martin cabinet.
Prior to constituency boundary changes in 2005, he was MP for Cunninghame South and was first elected in 1992.
Hayes holds the position of Parliamentary Labor Party – Returning Officer, in which he oversees elections, including the 2013 Leadership Spill/Ballot in June.
After serving one term, the 24th Parliament, he was defeated in the 1962 election by Raymond Langlois of the Social Credit Party.
He held the seat until he resigned on 28 September 1960, becoming a manager and company director.
Following her election, Leitch was appointed as the Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Human Resources and Skills Development.
Edward Laurence "Ted" Grace is an Australian politician.
John Paterson was a politician in the New South Wales Legislative Assembly.
After victory of Islamic Revolution in Iran, he was selected as Imam Jumu'ah of Kermanshah.
Diana Margaret Maddock, Baroness Maddock, Lady Beith, is a Liberal Democrat politician.
The two Whips went out to look in the ambulance and there was Leslie Spriggs laid there as though he was dead.
He entered Parliament in that year and was immensely popular in the House of Commons, his reputation as speaker being outstanding.
She won the federal seat of Bass in 1998, and again in 2001, but was defeated by her Liberal opponent Michael Ferguson in the 2004 election.
McGauran documented his experience in a diary later published.
Graduating from the University of Sydney with a Bachelor of Arts, Haylen served as youngest ever female Mayor of Marrickville from 2013 to 2014.
Laurence John "Laurie" Failes was an Australian politician.
He was the brother of fellow footballer Ted Kennedy.
In 1949, he transferred to the new seat of Canning, where he remained until his retirement in 1961.
He was born in Grey Township, Ontario and was a farmer by career.
From 1935 to 1939, Smith served as a municipal councillor for Liverpool, Nova Scotia.
He was finally allowed to leave Burma for Singapore at the end of January 2008.
After completing his only term in the House of Commons, the 21st Canadian Parliament, Kent did not stand as a candidate in the 1953 federal election.
In 1961, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Liberal member for Canning.
He was born in Wilberforce Township, Ontario where he attended secondary school and became a farmer by career.
Sir John Paul Stanley PC is a British Conservative Party politician who was the Member of Parliament for Tonbridge and Malling from 1974 to 2015.
She was elected in the 1988 federal election at the Wild Rose electoral district for the Progressive Conservative party.
King lost his parliamentary seat at the 2005 general election to the Conservative Party candidate, Jeremy Wright.
The Harare Magistrates Court noted that the law might be unconstitutional thus violating the right of the accused.
After serving his only term, the 28th Canadian Parliament, Howard was defeated in the 1972 election by George Whittaker of the Progressive Conservative party.
Jesse Philip Flis is a former Canadian politician.
His third private members bill was introduced during the 41st Parliament; An Act to amend the Employment Insurance Act was introduced in October 2011.
He also served as a member of the infantry in the Canadian Corps in Flanders during the First World War.
After the "fusion" of 1909, Sinclair, together with the rest of the Anti-Socialists, merged with the Protectionist Party to form the Commonwealth Liberal Party.
He was elected at the 1929 general election as the Member of Parliament for the Lichfield division of Staffordshire.
A former member of the Ceylon state council, H. W. Amarasuriya was a founding member and the first general secretary of the United National Party.
He is married to Chantal Beaudoin and they have five children.
Regulations under the act permitted arrest and detention without charge and banned the kidnappers' organization, the Front de libération du Québec(FLQ).
He became Minister for Shipping and Transport and Minister for Civil Aviation under Prime Minister Robert Menzies.
Hoblitzell died of a long illness in 1964.
Wardle announced he would not contest the 2001 election in early 2000 after it was disclosed that he was doing consultancy for Mohammed Al-Fayed.
He stood down from this position on his election to parliament in 2005.
After an unsuccessful attempt to win the Compton—Frontenac riding in the 1957 federal election, Stearns was elected in the 1958 election.
He is a member of the National Party.
He was born in Lancaster, Ontario and became a merchant.
He became Minister for Civil Society in the Cabinet Office on 27 September 2014.
She is a current Member Sri Lanka Parliament from the United National Party and a former member of the Western Provincial Council.
Hugh Poland was a member of parliament for the Ohinemuri electorate in New Zealand.
He later worked as an electrical inspector for the Public Works Department.
Desrochers attended school at the Quebec Seminary, then earned his MD degree at Université Laval in 1899.
He has also been a member of the Progressive Economics Forum, an organization of 125 progressive economists who comment on matters of public policy.
She later worked as a departmental aide to Conservative Veterans Affairs Minister Greg Thompson.
He was born in Lurgy, County Tyrone, Ireland.
McCann was educated at elementary school and then at classes of the National Council of Labour Colleges and Workers' Educational Association.
In 1927 he returned to Bendigo, spending eighteen months as organisation secretary for the Advance Bendigo and the North League.
However, Muir died in office on 26 August 1970 before completing his term in the 28th Canadian Parliament.
He was elected to Parliament at the Kootenay West riding in the 1921 general election.
In the first federal election in 1901, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Protectionist member for Mernda.
Albert Edward Munn was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
Iliana Malinova Iotova is the Vice President of Bulgaria.
A former member of the parliament from Colombo south, he was the Deputy Speaker and Chairman of Committees in the first parliament of Ceylon.
Myraune is Norway's eldest MP in the current term, and is also the Conservative Party's first MP from Nord-Trøndelag since 1993.
Captain Richard Whitaker Porritt was the Member of Parliament for Heywood and Radcliffe and became the first British MP to be killed in World War II.
Gerard Sutcliffe is a British Labour Party politician who was Member of Parliament for Bradford South from 1994 to 2015.
Walker retired in 1997 and was made a life peer as Baron Walker of Doncaster.
Following her election, she was named to the NDP's shadow cabinet as critic for people with disabilities.
He was a Liberal member of the Australian House of Representatives between 2004 and 2007, representing the South Australian electorate of Kingston.
Born in Gerringong, New South Wales, he was a dairy farmer on the Hunter Region, and became a leader in the dairying industry.
Peter Brown is a former deputy leader of the New Zealand First party.
William "Bill" Slater was an Australian lawyer, politician and diplomat.
A nephew of Sir Denis Henry, Bt., Conolly Gage was educated at Repton School and Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge.
After this, he ran in the 1993 federal election for the Bloc Québécois.
Jean ceased to lead the Wildrose Party with the merger into the United Conservative Party and is running as leader of the new party.
In 1964, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as a member of the Liberal Party, winning a by-election for the seat of Denison.
The family home was situated in Alfred House Gardens in Colombo.
However, he was narrowly defeated by less than one percent.
Active in his church [1] and community, he has been deeply involved in many community organizations.
Allan Morris, Member of the House of Representatives for the neighbouring seat of Newcastle from 1983 to 2001, is his younger brother.
He took 69.3% of the vote in 1989, winning by a majority of 95,780.
His first wife died in 1986, and on 3 June 1989 he married Millicent Bobker, née Greenberg, a widow and retired civil servant.
He married Susan Channing on 13 April 1843 at St Paul's Church in Auckland.
John Raymond Martyr is a former Australian politician.
He was a diplomat in the Department of External Affairs from 1950 to 1969, with postings to London, Moscow, Washington, D.C., Bangkok and Kuala Lumpur.
In 1906, he was elected to the Australian Senate as an Anti-Socialist Senator for Queensland, joining the Commonwealth Liberal Party in 1909.
On 9 June 2010 she was elected Chairman of the influential Public Accounts Committee, in succession to Sir Edward Leigh MP.
James Wignall was a British Labour Party politician.
After riding boundary changes, Rennie won the new Oxford riding in the 1935 election, and re-elected in 1940.
Later, she worked in the National Assembly of Quebec with various jobs; she also served as Assistant Chief of Staff to the Canadian Minister of Tourism.
He was born in Burnaby, British Columbia and became a builder, developer and teacher by career.
He initially articled with the Montreal offices of Fasken Martineau, and prior to his election practised law in the Quebec City area, specializing in immigration.
He was educated at Jaffna Hindu College.
She also became a Labour MP in 1966 and had a long parliamentary career, till her death in 2008.
William George Glenvil Hall PC was a British barrister and Labour politician.
John David Pugh is a Liberal Democrat politician in the United Kingdom.
Sir Roger L'Estrange was an English pamphleteer, author and staunch defender of Royalist claims.
First elected in the 1984 federal election, Brownhill resigned on 13 April 2000 and was replaced by Sandy Macdonald.
In 2013, Gregory's Road in Colombo was renamed R G Senanayake Mawatha in his memory.
From 1990 to 2001 he was Vice-Chairman of the Conservative Monday Club and is chairman as of 2008, succeeding Lord Sudeley.
He was a member of the Parliamentary Assembly 2004–2010.
In 1930, he was appointed Lord Privy Seal, serving until his death on 13 March 1931.
Raymond William "Ray" Thorburn was an Australian politician.
He used his public profile to advocate for various causes and acted in the 2007 TV miniseries The Great War.
She graduated from the University of Tasmania in 1992, with a Bachelor of Arts in General Studies.
In 1950, he was elected to the New South Wales Legislative Assembly as the member for Newtown-Annandale, representing the Labor Party.
David John Andrew was an Australian politician.
He first attempted to enter national politics at the Kootenay West electoral district in the 1972 federal election, but was defeated.
He served as a councillor on Erith Borough Council from 1956, and was the first leader of the London Borough of Bexley from 1964.
He is also the party's press spokesman and member of parliament since the general elections in 2010.
Whiteley did not live in his electorate during the 2016 election campaign, but in neighbouring Lyons, at Squeaking Point near Port Sorell.
John Hogan Jenkins was a Welsh trade unionist and politician.
Lakshman Nipuna Arachchi is a Sri Lankan politician and a former member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka.
Ellis was an assistant government whip from 1974 to 1976.
Prentice has 25 years involvement with the tourism sector, principally the event and convention industry.
In 1974, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Country Party member for Wide Bay in Queensland.
In 1980 he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Liberal member for North Sydney.
She is also a former professional basketball player.
David James Clendon is a New Zealand politician and member of the Green Party.
James Anthony "Tony" Mulvihill was an Australian politician.
He was defeated at the 1923 general election, losing by six votes to the Conservative Party candidate, Leonard Ropner.
In the early 1930s, he married an Australian woman and later moved to Australia, where he became a grazier.
The expense of contesting the proceedings forced Pyke to sell his home.
Leonard William "Len" Hamilton was an Australian politician.
Major Frank John William Fane was a farmer, World War I era soldier, and served as a Canadian municipal and federal politician from 1958 to 1968.
Fanny Eileen Brownbill was an Australian state politician, serving as the Labor Party Member for Geelong, Victoria, serving from 1938 until her death in 1948.
He has been a vocal opponent of violence and extremism.
Prior to his election to Parliament, Coyle was a tobacco farmer, councillor for Straffordville, deputy reeve and reeve of Bayham Township.
Peter Kyle is a British Labour Party politician and former charity sector executive.
Sir Allen Fairhall KBE FRSA was an Australian politician and Member of the Parliament of Australia for the Division of Paterson from 1949 to 1969.
He has been a Labor Party member of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly since the 2008 state election, representing Gosnells until 2017 and Thornlie thereafter.
Later he became Chairman of Pel Air.
Robert "Bob" Catley is a former Australian Labor politician.
Armstrong died in office at the age of 62.
He was an account manager with Telecom Australia before entering politics.
He was appointed a member of the Privy Council in July 2016.
The son of A.G. Proudfoot and Esther M. Creighton,  Hugh Proudfoot was born in Fort-Coulonge, Quebec where he served as mayor from 1945 to 1950.
Buchanan was born in Perth to Doris May and Walter Scott Slocombe.
Peter S. Julian is a Canadian Member of Parliament for the New Democratic Party, representing the riding of New Westminster—Burnaby.
He was a businessman and teacher by career.
Clemitson co-wrote "A Life to Live: Beyond Full Employment" with George Rogers MP.
Born in Sydney, he was a company manager and underwent military service in 1951.
During the Second World War, he served in France, Belgium, Malaya, India and Burma, North Africa and Italy.
He was elected to parliament in the 2004 federal election, defeating NDP candidate Susan Barclay and Conservative Bill Brown in a close three-way race.
Charles Bélec was a Canadian politician and farmer.
He served as the Conservative Member of Parliament for Herefordshire from 1802 to 1803, and from 1806 to 1831.
He contested the 1933 state election, standing for the official Labor Party in the seat of Barossa, but was unsuccessful.
He is currently producing radio program "Kadam Pa Kadam' funded by Equal Access.
Sajid Nawaz Khan is a Pakistani politician who is currently a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan, belonging to the Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf.
Percy Barstow entered the House of Commons on 29 July 1941, and made his maiden speech during the War Situations Debate on 25 February 1942.
After serving on West Torrens Shire Council he was president of the Australian Federated Union of Locomotive Enginemen 1940-1941.
David W. Price, PC was a member of the Canadian House of Commons from 1997 to 2004, serving in the 36th and 37th Canadian Parliaments.
Kidd was defeated in bid for re-election in 1949 and again when he tried to return to politics in 1957.
His father was a Minister in a chapel in Llansadwrn, Anglesey, and they lived in the schoolhouse.
He was a Minister without portfolio in the fourth Lyons ministry and the Page ministry from November 1937 until April 1940.
In 2004 Rasanayagam was selected by the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam as a Tamil National Alliance parliamentary candidate.
Marshall would win election to his final term in office in the 1945 Canadian federal election, he would retire from politics in 1949.
Beyerstein would be badly defeated finishing fourth out of five candidates.
He left the Labor Party in the wake of the 1916 split over conscription, joining the Nationalist Party.
He was the NDP critic for Labour and Official Languages in his last term in parliament.
William Rae Tomlinson was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
Born in Ballarat, Victoria to state politician Alfred Pittard, he attended Ballarat Grammar School before becoming a shoe retailer.
He was first elected to the Canadian House of Commons from Kingston in a 1919 by-election as a Conservative Party candidate.
He served as an MP from 1996 to 1999, and was a member of Cabinet for the duration of his term.
J.-Wilfrid Dufresne was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
He served as Minister of Industry and Trade from 1945 to 1950, when he became Minister of Public Health.
Wright was born at Greenwich in England, the son of Jabez Gladstone Wright.
During his time in federal office, Cardiff was party Whip in 1957 and 1958.
During the Premadasa regime, State Minister A. J. Ranasinghe used to be a master of worship and had no hesitation in extolling its virtues.
Lim Boon Heng is a former Singaporean politician.
Ralf Gustav Dahrendorf, Baron Dahrendorf, KBE, FBA was a German-British sociologist, philosopher, political scientist and liberal politician.
In 1910, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for Victoria.
Her term in the House ended on 23 March 2017.
A member of the Sri Lanka Freedom Party, Gunasinghe represented the Sri Lankan parliament for Galle district from 1994 to 2001.
The new law also resolved the issue for witnesses in civil and criminal court cases.
There were no parliamentary pensions, which left Moloney almost destitute.
He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons in 1891 as a Member of the Liberal Party to represent the riding of Digby.
Cardiff was re-elected to successive Parliament terms at Huron North in 1945 and 1949.
In 1905 he was associated with the New Liberal Party group.
Massé was re-elected in the 1980 election, but lost in 1984 to André Bissonnette of the Progressive Conservative party.
Loughton was the Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Children and Families from 2010-2012.
He was the Minister for Water Resources of Bangladesh from 1996 to 2001 during Bangladesh Awami League government under Sheikh Hasina's cabinet.
George E. de Silva's daughter Minnette de Silva was the first Asian woman to qualify as an architect with the Royal Institute of British Architects.
He worked as a riding organizer for both the federal and provincial Liberal parties.
He remained in the Senate until his retirement in 1961, taking effect in 1962.
He married Eva Bird in October 1918.
Lars Göran Peter Adaktusson is a Swedish politician and Member of the European Parliament from Sweden.
Sir Henry Lawson De Mel, CBE, Chevalier was a Ceylonese industrialist, lawyer, philanthropist and politician.
He was a member of the Defence Committee formed during the 1892 Broken Hill miners' strike.
Defeated in 1896, he was elected as the member for Enoggera in 1899, serving until 1902.
Sir David Hamilton is a Scottish Labour Party politician who was the Member of Parliament for Midlothian from 2001 to 2015.
His first resignation looms largely in history as that came with his political defection, whereas there was no defection with his second resignation.
In 1944–1945, when he was already an MP, he served as mayor.
Beaney was elected at the 1959 general election as Member of Parliament for Hemsworth.
"Stan" Hovdebo was a New Democratic Party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
He did not stand for Parliament again.
In 1910, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for Tasmania.
He is a patron of the Victoria Cross Trust.
William Thomas Lucas died March 27, 1973 in Peterborough.
General Thomas Graham, 1st Baron Lynedoch GCB GCMG was a Scottish aristocrat, politician and British Army officer.
He was Parliamentary Private Secretary to Noel Buxton, Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food in the Labour Government of 1929-1931.
He was first elected to Parliament at the Verdun riding in the 1935 general election.
He was elected to Parliament at the Frontenac riding in the 1921 general election when he defeated John Wesley Edwards of the Conservatives.
Solomon Soosaipillai Cyril is a Sri Lankan Tamil politician and former Member of Parliament.
He was re-elected in 1888, defeated in 1891, and then re-elected in 1892.
Tripp was mayor of Oxbow in 1924 and 1925.
He first lived in Invercargill, then in Westland, and after a brief period in Christchurch, he settled in Auckland.
Before beginning his political career, he gained a PhD in social policy then worked in various planning and management positions.
He was the federal Minister for Science in the Fraser Government from 1975 to 1979.
Arukathu Patabendige Jagath Pushpakumara is a Sri Lankan politician, a member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka and a government minister.
He was the first President of the Campaign for Labour Party Democracy in 1973.
He also served as the Chairman of Myanmar Investment Commission from 2010-2013.
His son, Roy Jr. is a member of the Northern Ireland Assembly.
Born in Maryborough, Queensland, he was educated there at Christian Brothers School before becoming a bush worker, teacher and journalist, and editor of the Bowen Independent.
He is married to Rosa Arrimadas from Spain with whom he has three children.
Gauthier resigned his federal seat on 20 July 1944 in an unsuccessful bid to win a seat for the Quebec provincial wing of the Bloc populaire.
He represented Moreton in the Parliament of Australia from 1901 to 1906, elected as an independent labour member, but rejoined the Labor Party from 1904.
She was the first Maltese-born Member of Parliament.
In 1915 he was elected to the New South Wales Legislative Assembly as the Labor member for Castlereagh.
Dionne was defeated in the 1984 election by André Harvey of the Progressive Conservative party.
Dumas retired from politics as of the 1962 election following medical advice to reduce three-quarters of his workload.
He was also active in the British Labour Party, and was elected as Member of Parliament for Newcastle-upon-Tyne at the 1906 UK general election.
After further redistribution in 2004, Maloney defeated Greg D'Amico and fellow Liberal MP Tony Tirabassi for the party's nomination in Welland.
He was an industrial designer and project coordinator by career.
He hailed from Narandeniya Walawwa, Athuraliya in Southern Sri Lanka, but gave up all his wealth and comforts for the sake of downtrodden.
Kennedy was the Member of Parliament for Liverpool Broadgreen from 1992 until 1997 and for Liverpool Wavertree from 1997 until she stood down in 2010.
He was first elected to the House of Commons in 2001.
Piesse was elected as a Free Trader to the first federal Australian Parliament as one of the five members for Tasmania.
He represented Ontario's Fort William electoral district since winning that seat in the 1972 federal election.
From 1979 to 1992, Mathews served as the State Member for Oakleigh in the Victorian Legislative Assembly during the Cain Government.
He was Executive Secretary of the Australian Industry Development Corporation from 1973 to 1974.
He later worked as a miner at Broken Hill, Beaconsfield and Tullah and married Mary Jane Pope, in 1906.
On 27 November 2012, Livermore announced that she would not stand in the Federal election to be held in 2013.
He was born in Woodstock, Canada West and became a farmer and teacher.
In 2014, he was unseated as he was disqualified to continue in office because of fake degree case.
He was an official with the Australian Workers' Union.
He held the seat until his defeat by Liberal candidate Arthur Chresby in 1958.
Marcel Deschambault was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
She was a business proprietor, cattle producer and sugar-cane farmer before entering politics.
Purdy was defeated in the 1945 election by Frank Thomas Stanfield.
Born in Burraga, New South Wales, he was educated at Catholic schools in Lithgow, after which he became a coalminer.
He was distantly related to Sri Lankan tycoon Sir Ernest de Silva.
Paterson contested the seat of Capricornia in the 1901 Federal election, winning by a margin of 139 votes over the ALP candidate Wallace Nelson.
Since the 2000 Preston by-election, at which he retained the seat for his party, Hendrick has been the Member of Parliament for the constituency.
LeBlanc ran for leadership of Liberal Party in 2008 but dropped out of the race to endorse Michael Ignatieff, who was later acclaimed leader.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper re-appointed Manning to the Senate on May 25, 2011.
Paul Alexander McLean is an Australian advocate of banking reform and former Australian Democrats senator for New South Wales.
Jeger was elected to the London County Council in 1931, serving until 1946.
The seat was originally a safe Labor seat, but a redistribution added some Liberal-friendly territory in the Scenic Rim, which all but erased Labor's majority.
Francis was brought up in Normanton and educated at Brisbane Grammar School.
He was also defeated in elections in 1874 and 1875.
Doctor Kwame Addo-Kufuor is a Ghanaian politician and physician.
He was chairman of Bootle Trades Council and Labour Party.
He was elected to Parliament at the Huron South riding in the 1921 general election.
At the next election in 1922 Riley won the seat, but lost it the following year.
Andrew Francis Bennett is a British Labour Party politician, who was a member of Parliament from 1974 to 2005.
On his return, he was a public servant, and was an official of the Clerks' Union in Queensland.
He later joined Pakistan Muslim League while starting his term as parliamentarian.
Janaka Thissakuttiarachchi is a member of the Uva Provincial Council representing the Monaragala District.
McLachlan was born in Naracoorte, South Australia and educated at Hamilton Academy, and Mount Gambier High School.
After leaving Parliament, Sibraa was the Australian High Commissioner to Zimbabwe from March 1994 until February 1998.
A mid-campaign October 2007 poll in The Advertiser had the margin at 56% to 44% and Richardson's primary vote at 34%.
Miller is married with three children and three grandchildren.
She was elected in the 2006 state election to the Tasmanian House of Assembly in the division of Bass.
In 1928, Anderson married Jean Elizabeth Wickens.
He was founder member of Republican Party of India.
As a result, he lost his seat in the Senate at the September 1934 election, partly because he lost Australian Workers' Union endorsement.
Colin Wells Eglin was a South African politician best known for having served as national leader of the opposition from 1977–79 and 1986-87.
He is an insurance agent by career.
Sumedha Gunawathie Jayasena is a Sri Lankan politician, a member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka and a government cabinet minister.
Hall began working in a colliery in 1910, then served in the 1st Life Guards during World War I.
John Brown was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
He was first elected in 2000, taking 70.5 percent of the vote, and since then has never dropped below 80 percent of the vote.
Jacques L. Trudel was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
Ohn Kyaing graduated with a BA degree in 1967.
He currently sits as President of the Treasury Board of Canada.
Tamara Francine Smith, an Australian politician, is a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly representing Ballina for the Greens since 2015.
Charles Bruno Blondeau was a Canadian politician and contractor.
His interest in livestock derived from his work on the family estates in Dorset, which he farmed from the 1940s.
Beddall was born in Manchester, England and was employed by the Commonwealth Bank and was a self-employed commercial finance consultant before he entered parliament.
He was defeated in the 1917 election as a Laurier Liberal.
She was elected president of the BC Teachers' Federation in 2004 and served in that role until 2007.
He married Helen Ainsworth Geigerich of Kaslo, British Columbia and had two children, a son, George and a daughter, Margaret.
On December 12, 2003, incoming Prime Minister Paul Martin named Speller the federal Minister of Agriculture and Agri-Food.
He was born in Hawkesbury, Ontario in 1917, the son of Joseph Bruneau.
Pierre Gauthier was a Liberal party and a Bloc populaire member of the Canadian House of Commons.
He would run for his final term in office in the 1965 federal election once again retaining his district in other landslide.
Sir Alec Douglas-Home quickly appointed him an Opposition whip, and when Edward Heath became leader that summer he made Johnson-Smith a party vice-chairman.
He was first elected to Parliament at the Cape Breton South riding in the 1925 general election then re-elected there in 1926 and 1930.
Born in Kaniva, Victoria, she was educated at Swinburne Institute of Technology in Melbourne and then Toorak Teachers' College, after which she became a teacher.
Ideologically characterised as having liberal and libertarian views, he is known for his environmentalist and localist beliefs.
Ryan's most significant achievements were as Minister for Public Works in the Heffron and Renshaw governments from 1959.
He was Member of Parliament for Bedford from 1945 to 1950.
Gurmant Singh Grewal, is an Indian Canadian politician and former Conservative Party of Canada Member of Parliament.
Some argue that the growing unpopularity of the National Party state government in Queensland influenced federal voting intentions.
John David McWilliam was a British Labour Party politician.
At the time of his death, he was the last surviving member of the 1907-1910 Senate.
Thomas Cornelius "Tom" Brennan KC was an Australian journalist, lawyer and conservative politician who was elected to the Australian Senate.
Harindra Jayantha Corea was a Sri Lankan politician and Member of Parliament, who represented Chilaw.
Stephen Richard Day is a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom, and a former Member of Parliament.
His brother Cameron Macpherson Edwards would also be President of W.C. Edwards and owned Harrington Lake.
He was first elected to Parliament at the Prince Edward riding in the 1921 general election.
Rasalingam stood as the Tamil United Liberation Front's candidate for Udupiddy at the 1977 parliamentary election.
She has a bachelor's degree in education and a master's degree in local and regional development from Université Laval.
He was a Conservative member of the Canadian House of Commons from 2011 to 2015 who represented the Toronto riding of Don Valley East.
He was employed, perhaps as a storeman, at the Government workshops in Glanville, before running his own dairy farm.
Jack Critchley died in 1964 surrounded by his loving family who honour his memory to this day.
He was active in municipal politics before that.
George Hamilton Pettit was a Conservative member of the Canadian House of Commons.
Schiefke was born and raised in Hudson, Quebec.
He is a member of the National Party, and former Minister of Foreign Affairs.
Rasamanohari Pulendran was a Sri Lankan Tamil politician, Member of Parliament and state minister.
James died on 4 July 1962 in the Sydney suburb of Ashfield, and was survived by his wife, daughter and three of his five sons.
Joseph John "Joe" Comartin is a Canadian lawyer and politician.
Appathurai Vinayagamoorthy was a Sri Lankan Tamil lawyer, politician and Member of Parliament.
In October 2000 he was elected Deputy Chairman of Committees, a position he held until October 2001.
She was re-elected in the 2008 election, but was defeated in the 2011 election by Raymond Côté of the New Democratic Party.
In 2016, Sitsabaiesan switched parties in order to seek the Ontario Liberal Party nomination for the vacant provincial Scarborough—Rouge River seat.
He was latterly a member of the Chairman's Panel.
He served in the 34th Canadian Parliament but lost to Philip Mayfield of the Reform Party in the 1993 federal election.
Peterson first for the Liberal Party of Canada in the 2011 federal election, losing to incumbent Lois Brown.
Kingston was held by the incumbent Australian Labor Party MP, Assistant Shadow Treasurer David Cox, by a narrow margin.
He is the current Chairman of his hometown football club, Stockport County, as well as a major shareholder in the club.
He was a strong supporter of Prime Minister Billy Hughes and campaigned for conscription at the October 1916 plebiscite.
In 1931 he replaced Sir Lewis Dibdin as First Church Estate Commissioner.
Hale received a black eye when he was struck by Tarrant after intervening when the inebriated Tarrant exposed his buttocks to a female colleague of Hale.
Tan Sri Bernard Giluk Dompok is a former Malaysian politician.
Born in Ballarat, he was a company manager before entering politics.
He lost both the elections of 1882 and 1887.
Russell MacEwan died at Aberdeen Hospital in New Glasgow, Nova Scotia on 29 June 2008.
Uduma Lebbe Mohamed Mohideen was a Sri Lankan lawyer, politician, Member of Parliament and deputy minister.
He was a councillor on Southall Borough Council 1951-55.
She then completed a certificate in educational studies at the Université de Lyon and a certificate in child care studies at the University of London.
She sits in the Standing Committee on Transport and Communications.
He wrote several books, including biographies of the press baron Lord Beaverbrook and the Soviet spy Guy Burgess.
Having migrated to Australia, he became a construction manager with the Allied Works Council in New South Wales 1940–1945.
Daniel Giles "Dan" Sullivan was a New Zealand Member of Parliament, Cabinet Minister and Mayor of Christchurch.
He is known to have made discriminatory Islamophobic comments when he was Propaganda secretary for the NDC in 2007.
Pelletier, with other French-Canadian intellectuals, Pierre Elliott Trudeau included, founded the journal Cité Libre.
John Barnes was a union official and Australian federal politician representing the Labor Party.
After he and his supporters unsuccessfully tried to obtain an "open convention" in Rosedale in early 1940 to recontest the nomination, he retired from politics.
He then joined the Reynolds News until 1942 before becoming industrial correspondent for the BBC reporting team from 1942 to 1949.
After serving in the 36th Canadian Parliament, he left federal politics after losing the riding's Canadian Alliance nomination to Brian Fitzpatrick for the 2000 federal election.
He was born in Drayton, Ontario and became a realtor by career.
He was a Liberal member of the Australian House of Representatives between March 1996 and November 2007, representing the Division of Macquarie, New South Wales.
On the outbreak of the First World War, Bell enlisted for the Australian Imperial Forces, and was dispatched for training in Egypt.
Joseph-Octave Latour was a Progressive Conservative party member of the House of Commons of Canada.
He was born in Sainte-Brigitte-des-Saults, Quebec and became a farmer by career.
A former restaurant owner, he briefly was the Bloc's critic to Public Works and Government services in 2004.
Chandrasiri Ariyawansa Suriyaarachchi is a Sri Lankan politician, a member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka and a government minister.
He briefly served as Deputy Majority Leader under Goff Letts from 1974 to 1975.
He served in Afghanistan 1878-1880 and South Africa during the Boer War 1899-1900, rising to position of Colonel in the AIF.
He later became a maintenance engineer in the 2LO station which later became the BBC.
He holds a BA from the University of Victoria and an MA from Royal Roads University.
He was also the author of Canadians in the Imperial Naval and Military Service Abroad.
James Edward Chalmers is an Australian politician.
Paul Daniel Steckle is a former Canadian Member of Parliament for Huron—Bruce and a member of the Liberal Party of Canada.
In the 1979 election, Parker was defeated at the Eglinton—Lawrence riding by Roland de Corneille of the Liberal party.
He is the Member of Parliament for Monmouth in South Wales.
Born in Liverpool, he received a primary education before migrating to Australia in 1903, where he became a miner and shearer.
From 1961 to 1968, Villeneuve was mayor of Mistassini.
He was defeated in 1940 and he retired, dying in 1969.
She qualified as a radiographer and worked in the NHS and currently serves as Patron of the Society of Radiographers.
He married Mary Alice L'Estrange in 1888 and subsequently sold his newspaper to follow her back to her birthplace, Melbourne.
John Knight was born in Armidale, New South Wales.
In 1980, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Democrats senator for Victoria.
Brewin sat as Member of Parliament for the Toronto riding of Greenwood from the 1962 election until his retirement in 1979.
Ferland's post-secondary education was at the Commercial and Industrial institute of Quebec.
Ameen Salifu is a chartered surveyor and a Member of Parliament for Wa East in the Upper West Region of Ghana.
He was elected as the Conservative Member of Parliament for Leominster in 1974.
He was president of the federal Conservative Party from 1925 to 1943.
Coke was again returned to Parliament in 1790, sitting continuously until 1832, and he primarily spoke on matters of local interest, such as the Corn Laws.
Colin Carrie, MP is a Canadian politician.
He retired from politics and became a farmer at Buffalo.
He died in January 2007, after suffering from stomach cancer.
Edward Bernard Cresset Corser was an Australian politician.
Prior to being elected to the Canadian House of Commons, he was elected mayor of Dawson City, Yukon and Salmon Arm, British Columbia.
Nilsen was elected from Fredrikstad to the Norwegian Parliament in 1895, but served only one term.
In 1947 and 1948, he was president of the Union of British Columbia Municipalities.
He married Elsie Bowman Hodges in 1922 and they had two sons.
At the time of her election in 2011, she was pursuing a double major in History and Cultural Studies.
Prior to his election he was a political science professor at Huron University College and King's University College.
In the Quebec municipal elections on 1 November 2009, Price was elected president of the Lennoxville borough of Sherbrooke.
Hood, a former National Union of Mineworkers trade union official during the miners' strikes of the 1980s, remained a backbencher throughout his parliamentary career.
Genest-Jourdain served as the New Democratic Party Member of Parliament for Manicouagan and as a member of the Official Opposition Shadow Cabinet from 2011-2015
He resigned his seat in the House of Commons in 1869 to allow Francis Hincks to be elected.
Kieren Aedogan Ankwong Keke is a Nauruan politician and medical doctor.
Sir Donald Charles Cameron, KCMG, DSO, VD was an Australian politician and soldier.
Bates had served as a government whip from 1976 to 1979.
In 1909, he was elected to the Tasmanian House of Assembly for Bass.
He also served in the Government as the Minister for Disabled People from 2008 to 2010.
Louis Comyns was a British Labour Party politician and a GP.
He held the seat until his defeat in 1969, after which he became Executive Director of the Australian Pharmaceuticals Manufacturers' Association.
James Alistair Grant Campbell QC, LL.B, UE was a Progressive Conservative party member of the House of Commons of Canada.
He was also president of the Lancashire and Cheshire Miners' Federation.
She served as deputy leader of the Alliance party, and was later High Commissioner to Niue.
While May's family home is in Margaree Harbour, Cape Breton Island she moved her permanent residence to Sidney, British Columbia in 2010.
Gurbax Singh Malhi PC, is an Indian Canadian politician.
He held the seat until his retirement in 1977, having lost ALP preselection to Brian Howe during 1976.
He died in office on 25 January 1899.
In parliament, he found himself at odds with many Labour MPs and contemplated joining the Liberals.
She was a member of the Australian Senate from 1981 to 1993, and is the widow of the longest-serving Premier of Queensland, Sir Joh Bjelke-Petersen.
Neelakandan Tiruchelvam was a Sri Lankan Tamil lawyer, academic, politician and Member of Parliament.
He reduced the politburo from 15 to 7.
He is the 17th Speaker of the Parliament of Sri Lanka.
Paul Robert Holmes is a politician in the United Kingdom.
Shahab Uddin Khan is a Pakistani politician who is currently a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan, belonging to the Pakistan Muslim League.
Born in Melbourne, he was the Victorian Secretary and National President of the Electrical Trades Union before entering politics.
Horace James "Horrie" Garrick was an Australian politician.
Laurin attended Saint-Laurent College, then the Université de Montréal where he earned his Bachelor of Laws degree.
Valley initially won the Liberal nomination in a close contest against Charles Fox, a local aboriginal leader.
He was later a Church Estates Commissioner.
He became president of the Australian Sugar Growers Association in 1943.
From 1930 to 1935 he represented Vancouver South.
He joined the Liberal Party and was elected in 1958.
Roberton was born in Glasgow, Scotland, son of Sir Hugh Roberton, a Scottish composer and founder of the Glasgow Orpheus Choir.
Joel Moses Gabb was an Australian politician.
He was also a community development worker having been employed with the PEI Rural Development Council and the Community Employment Strategy.
Born in Newcastle, New South Wales, he was educated at technical schools in Sydney before military service.
Drouin joined the Liberal Party when he was 17 years old, and served for two years as president of the Young Liberals in Glengarry—Prescott—Russell.
John Barlow is a Canadian politician, who was elected to represent the riding of Macleod in the House of Commons of Canada in the 2014 by-election.
Later books include the novels Sigurd Seiersborg, Fyrgangen, Bølgerne ruller, Asylet, Evensen, Elias Kræmmers oplevelser, Glade ungdom and Paa livets høislette.
He was born in Adelaide, and was educated at Geelong Grammar School and the University of Melbourne.
The son of carpenter and blacksmith Herman Heitmann and Katherine née Roberts, he was educated locally.
Robert Stanley was an Australian politician representing the electoral districts of Horsham and Lowan in the Victorian Legislative Assembly for the Commonwealth Liberal Party.
On 17 December 1968, he married Annika.
Holten was born in Melbourne and educated at Scotch College, Melbourne.
Mallalieu was a member of the main Liberal group in parliament led by Sir Herbert Samuel.
A former trade union organiser, he has been an Australian Labor Party member of the Australian Senate since 2005, representing the state of Western Australia.
She was also the youngest Member of Parliament in the Greater Toronto Area.
June 2017, George Cooper was awarded by the University of Calgary’s highest academic honour, the Doctor of Laws.
Laura Mary Smyth, an Australian politician, was a member of the Australian House of Representatives for the seat of La Trobe representing the Australian Labor Party.
Member of the Intra-faction Deputies Union 'Deputy Control' and the Ukraine National Association of Lawyers.
He was only the second Labor member ever to win it.
He was born in Richmond, Ontario and became a barrister.
Israel Maurice Edelman was a Wales-born British Labour Party politician and novelist who represented Coventry constituencies in the House of Commons for over 30 years.
In 2013, she was appointed to the board of directors of Northwestel, a telephone company that serves Yukon, the Northwest Territories and Nunavut.
Arthur Wentworth Roebuck, QC, was a Canadian politician and labour lawyer.
From 1929 to 1935 he worked as the Party's propaganda officer.
Mallalieu was educated at the Dragon School in Oxford, Cheltenham College, Trinity College, Oxford and the University of Chicago.
Parker John Moloney was an Australian politician, teacher and public servant.
He also ran in the 1953 election against Karl Eyre in the Timmins riding, but was not elected.
He was also the Official Opposition Critic for Seniors.
She was a successful Lawyer well respected by her peers.
He was re-elected there for successive terms in 1953 and 1957, then defeated in the 1958 election by Harold Danforth of the Progressive Conservative party.
He later became the Parliamentary Assistant to the Minister of National Defence followed by Parliamentary Assistant to the Minister of Labour.
Pole did not stand for Parliament again.
He later became a tenured faculty member at Red Deer College.
In the term 1993 - 2004 he served as Chair of the Hydro-Electric Commission.
During the decade when Cotnam held Renfrew North, he was challenged by McKay in each election.
Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Justice and Attorney General of Canada, 1980
Prince Gunarasa Casinader is a Sri Lankan Tamil teacher, politician and former Member of Parliament.
The Burmese government has awarded him two titles: Thiri Thudhamma Manijotadhara and Agga Maha Thirithudhamma Manijhotadhara.
In 2011, he was appointed as critic for secondary education and youth and amateur sport.
She was the first female Senator to represent Victoria.
Alv Kjøs was a Norwegian army officer and politician for the Conservative Party.
However, she lost her seat in the 2001 general election.
Following the death of his father in May 1945 he entered the University of Ceylon and in 1946 the Ceylon Law College.
Deborah Mary O'Neill is an Australian federal politician who has represented the state of New South Wales since 2013.
He gave up party office after almost sixty years of holding several positions, including MP of Burnley.
James Donald Mathieson "Don" Dobie was an Australian politician.
Causley was the member for Clarence in the New South Wales Legislative Assembly from 1984 to 1996.
From 1925 to 1937 he worked at the Royal Aircraft Establishment, from which he was dismissed for failing to take proper care of classified information.
George Roy McWilliam was a Member of Parliament in the Canadian House of Commons for the constituency of Northumberland—Miramichi in New Brunswick from 1949 until 1968.
He suffers from liver cancer which is likely to be fatal.
Also Tynkkynen is a Member of the City Council of Tampere and an environmental activist.
Again in 2013 he was made the Chief Minister Candidate for Provincial council elections and later was appointed as the Opposition Leader in central province.
In 1776, he introduced the first bill for parliamentary reform in the British Parliament.
From 1992 till 2004 Seidu served as the Member of Parliament for Wa Central in the Upper West Region of Ghana.
She wrote a book, entitled "How to be a Government Whip", about her time in the Whip's Office, published by Biteback Publishing in 2016.
Bruno Tuybens is a Belgian politician and member of the sp.a
James Jacob Gilchrist Berry is a British Conservative Party politician.
He was a member of the Australian Labor Party.
He was uncle of James Fairbairn, a Minister for Civil Aviation from 1939 until his death in a plane crash in 1940.
After the war, he ran a fruit farm in Sussex.
Hugh Victor Halbert was an Australian politician.
He represented the Dunedin electorate of St Kilda from 1957 to 1981, when he retired.
From an early age he was involved in the local co-operative society and became a union official organising shop-assistants throughout South Wales.
His son, Jeff Fillion, is a radio broadcaster.
Sybil Judith Chaplin OBE, known as Judith Chaplin, was a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom.
Describing himself as a "proud socialist", he was elected by a comfortable margin as an MP for Norwich South.
John Alexander Melvin Hemming is a British Liberal Democrat politician and businessman.
He retained his seat until his death in 1972.
Segu Dawood was appointed as the United National Front's National List MP in the Sri Lankan Parliament in December 2001.
Although challenged by National Country Party Senator Glen Sheil, he won the seat safely.
Born in Adelaide, he was educated at Catholic schools before becoming a manufacturing grocer.
From 1878 to 1880, he was the Minister of Inland Revenue.
Charles Herbert Dickie was a Conservative member of the Canadian House of Commons.
On 1 December 2010, Brady was voted "Backbencher of the Year" by The Spectator at their annual parliamentary awards.
He was educated in Digby County and became a merchant in Digby.
He studied counselling and teaching subjects at the former institution, and theology at the latter.
He prided himself on the fact that he and his forebears have lived in the electorate for many generations.
He first ran for federal office in the 1925 federal election but was defeated in Kent.
Having won the parliamentary seat of West Ham South as an independent candidate in 1892, he helped to form the Independent Labour Party the following year.
He officially vacated his seat by becoming Steward of the Chiltern Hundreds on 2 March 2012.
When Premier Angus L. Macdonald died in 1954, Connolly became the province's premier and the Liberal party's interim leader.
Chelvanayakam and ITAK advocated federalism as a means of sharing power between Ceylon's majority Sinhalese and minority Tamils.
Barry Wayne Haase, Australian politician, was a Liberal member of the Australian House of Representatives from October 1998 to August 2013.
With a lifelong interest in the Canadian Forces, he became an Officer Cadet and rose to the rank of Lieutenant-Colonel.
He was born in Westville, Nova Scotia and became a barrister and solicitor by career.
George William Shield was a British Labour Party politician.
He is the Labor Party member for Rankin in the Australian House of Representatives.
He also sits on several all-party caucuses focusing on rural, health, border and other issues.
Gosselin was first elected to federal Parliament at the Brome—Missisquoi riding in the 1949 election.
MacKenzie unseated Henderson in the next election in 1949 then was re-elected in 1953.
Prior to his election to the House of Commons, he worked as a teacher and was vice-principal at Thorold Secondary School.
Hon.Jayawardena is now the chairman of the sectoral oversight committee on Health and social welfare and also the chairman of Kandy district development committee.
During the next two years he was in charge of transport arrangements for the demobilisation of the Australian Imperial Force.
He represented Lyttelton in Parliament for 2½ years and was a supporter of education in his later years.
Adam Hills was a Labour Party politician in England.
He was a Member of Parliament from 1945 until his death.
^ Deputy Minister of Environment Science and Technology
Arjunlal Meena is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party and has won the Indian general elections, 2014 from the Udaipur.
He was first elected in a 1958 by-election following the death of the sitting Conservative MP Wentworth Schofield.
Cyril Samson is a former Canadian politician.
He has campaigned for an English Parliament, a Benny Hill statue and for variety and talent shows on TV.
On his return, he was an auctioneer and real estate agent.
Reginald Alfred Keeling QSO JP was a New Zealand politician of the Labour Party.
He was married to Meri Te Tai Mangakāhia, a leading figure in the movement for Women's suffrage in New Zealand.
Born in St. John's, Newfoundland, Kent was educated at Bishop Feild College in St. John's.
He did not stand at the 2017 general election.
George Croydon Marks, 1st Baron Marks CBE, known as Sir George Marks between 1911 and 1929, was an English engineer, patent agent and Liberal politician.
Michael John Gapes is a British Labour Co-operative politician who has been the Member of Parliament for Ilford South since the 1992 general election.
He was easily re-elected in the 2004, 2006 and 2008 elections, however he was defeated in the 2011 election by NDP's Mylène Freeman.
Watson was the third West Australian after Herb Elliott and Keith Wheeler to break the four minute mile.
He was defeated in the 1968 federal election by Gordon J. Sullivan of the Liberal Party and did not stand for election again.
He represented the Labour Party and was a Minister outside Cabinet in the Fifth Labour Government of New Zealand.
Brison has served as the Liberal Party's Finance Critic since September 2010.
Jacques Guilbault was a Liberal party member of the House of Commons of Canada.
Jackson died in 1941 at York Street, Launceston.
Buchholz was appointed the Chief Government Whip in the House of Representatives on 13 February 2015, replacing Philip Ruddock.
Martin Henriksen in Tårnby is a Danish politician and MP, representing the Dansk Folkeparti since 8 February 2005 in the Greater Copenhagen constituency.
He is a Founding Director of the Regional Australia Institute.
Henry Ford Kofi Kamel was a Ghanaian banker and politician.
He died the next day when attacked by a Cheetah.
After losing his seat in parliament, Schell became the owner and manager of the Joondalup franchise of Jetset, a travel agency.
Amin Amidu Sulemana is a Ghanaian diplomat and politician.
His literary reputation rests on the first Gothic novel, The Castle of Otranto, and his Letters, which are of significant social and political interest.
She was President of the Queen's Privy Council for Canada.
John Frederick Lillicrap was the 29th Mayor of Invercargill from 1921 to 1923.
In 1959, he entered municipal politics by being elected alderman on Ottawa City Council.
Hutchings is a member of the Liberal Party of Canada and has been the current Parliamentary Secretary for Small Business and Tourism since December 2015.
Charlie Thomas left federal office when he was defeated at Moncton by independent candidate Leonard Jones in the 1974 federal election.
He was re-elected to a second term in the 1945 federal election, but retired from office in 1946.
Unnanthi Piyankara Jayaratne, MP is a Sri Lankan politician and a member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka.
He became a barrister, called to the bar in 1960 at Middle Temple.
Born in Sydney, he was a wholesaler and exporter before entering politics.
He returned to become a shopkeeper at Ringarooma and later a farmer and pig breeder.
Her decision was triggered by the UUP's alliance with the Conservative Party.
ITAK and other Tamil political groups formed the Tamil United Front in 1972 with Chelvanayakam as its leader.
He holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Civil Engineering from the Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology in 1986.
Prior to being elected, he ran a family tourism business on Sparrow Lake that had been founded in 1884.
In 2001, St. Clair was defeated by independent Tony Windsor on a 21-point swing, ending a nearly 80-year hold on the seat by the National Party.
Sydney Robert Charles Lavers was a Labour Party politician in England.
He was defeated in the double dissolution election of 1974 and the DLP did not hold a Senate seat again until 2011.
Moving into politics in 1930 Razik, entered the Colombo Municipal Council where he was a member for 15 years.
Alongside this, he served as Treasurer of the Federation of Engineering and Shipbuilding Trades for three years, then as President.
He married Shirley Isobel Dick in 1942 and had two children, Diane, and Gordon Allmark.
Elected under the name Candice Hoeppner, the Member of Parliament announced on September 17, 2012 that she would resume her birth name of Bergen.
He excelled at the 1500m event and won the Australian title in 1968 and again in 1973.
He was succeeded as MP for Mount Royal by Pierre Trudeau.
Andrew William Murrison VR is a doctor and Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom.
Born in Hobart, Tasmania, he was educated at state schools before becoming a dairy farmer at Kingston.
Shaw contested Kingston upon Hull West at the 1966 general election.
John Horton McDermid, PC, FRI is a former Canadian politician.
Due to the narrow margin, however, an automatic judicial recount was required, confirming the margin at 18 votes.
He has also so far hosted the third and fourth season of the Finnish Idols television series together with Ellen Jokikunnas.
She was born in Shediac, New Brunswick.
He also served as Chair of the Board of Governors of the University of Manitoba and Chair of the Board of the Winnipeg Folk Festival.
He helped organize the local Freemason lodge and held an office in the Grand Lodge of Canada.
Arthur Blenkinsop was a British Labour Party politician.
Alexander Andrew Buchanan was an Australian politician.
He was a former member of parliament, former Deputy Minister of State for Constitutional Affairs, and Mayor of Kandy.
David More Anderson was an Australian politician.
At the 1940 federal elections, Lawson lost his seat to Chifley.
Migrating to Australia in 1888, he became a clergyman in Melbourne.
Ramaiah Yogarajan is a Sri Lankan engineer, politician and former Member of Parliament.
James Kelham was a New Zealand businessman and politician.
He was born in Elmira, Ontario and became a journalist and postmaster by career.
Don Samuel Goonesekera was born 13 November 1896 in Habaraduwa, the only son of Don Marthelis Goonesekera and Dona Clare Abeygoonewardena.
He became a member of the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament, and the Labour Party in 1963.
He joined the Australia Party and rose to become its national convener.
He had various ministerial positions under Harold Wilson, including Defence for the Royal Navy, the Board of Trade and Technology.
As MP for the Brixton area, he worked with Lord Scarman after the 1981 Brixton Riots for a better understanding of local social problems.
In this period Anderson’s work largely centered on the Rio Summit conventions on biodiversity and climate change.
He became a rabbit-hawker and miner at Beaconsfield, Tasmania.
Prior to entering Parliament he held a number of corporate positions before working as the financial administrator for the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Wellington.
In 1955, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Liberal member for Phillip.
He is the current Opposition Leader of the Colombo Municipal Council & was a Senior Adviser to former President Mahinda Rajapakse.
He was re-elected in the 2006 federal election.
Dr William Robert Nuttall Maloney was a long serving Australian Labor Party member of the Australian House of Representatives for 36 years from 1904 to 1940.
Montagu Bertie until 1682 and Lord Norreys from 1682 to 1699, was an English nobleman.
In 1970, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for Victoria.
In 1912, he purchased a cattle ranch in Kamloops.
He was elected a councillor on Eccles Borough Council in 1945 and was leader of the Labour Group.
Mutch graduated from the University of Manitoba in 1921 with a Bachelor of Arts and attained a Master of Arts degree there in 1929.
Richardson shared his police career with a number of other activities, only resigning from the force upon entering federal parliament in 2004.
He served in the Canadian House of Commons from 1984 to 1988, as a member of the Progressive Conservative Party.
He was born in Dartmouth, Nova Scotia and became an electrician by career and president of Mott Electric Company.
Auguste Choquette was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
He went on to gain a degree in management from the University of Nottingham and a MBA from the University of Wales, Cardiff.
He contested in the 2010 parliamentary election under the Democratic National Alliance and was elected to parliament from Gampaha District.
From 1996 to 1997, he was MP for South East Staffordshire before minor boundary changes in 1997.
Davidson previously served as mayor of Wyoming and Plympton-Wyoming, Ontario and warden of Lambton County.
He was re-elected in the 1911 election and was re-elected as a Unionist in 1917 then defeated in the 1921 election as a Conservative.
In 1925, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Nationalist Senator for Tasmania.
Marvin Gelber was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
Laflamme was defeated by Armand Lavergne of the Conservative Party in the 1930 election.
Ben Swagerman is a Dutch politician and former prosecutor.
On 25 March 2017 he left the UK Independence Party to sit as an independent MP.
He was elected as a Labour MP at the 1979 general election for Glasgow Shettleston following the retirement of Myer Galpern.
In 1966, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Liberal member for Herbert, defeating sitting Labor MP Ted Harding.
On 16 July 1980, he was brutally assaulted at his home in the nearby Sydney suburb of Marrickville.
He held this position until the Liberal Government's defeat at the hands of Gough Whitlam in 1972, when Aston lost his seat.
An organiser of the Miscellaneous Workers' Union, he was also active in local politics as a councillor on Broadmeadows Municipal Council.
In 1929 he contested and won the Federal Division of Bass for Labor and joined James Scullin's government.
She worked as the group secretary from 1998 to 2003, when she was appointed councilor of commerce, transport and the environment in the county cabinet.
Ritchie represented the Dauphin electoral district where he won office in the 1968 federal election.
Robert Hodges "Bob" Horne is a former Australian politician.
In the 1945 Canadian federal election, Stuart was elected as the Liberal Party's candidate for the riding of Charlotte.
He served in the military from 1925–37 and 1939-52.
Saada was defeated in the 2006 election, losing his seat in Brossard—La Prairie to Bloc Québécois candidate Marcel Lussier.
Smith was born in Westbury, Tasmania and educated in state schools in Victoria and Tasmania.
Grill was a member of the Parliament of Western Australia between 1977 and 2001.
His career-best time was 53.1 seconds, achieved in August 1968 at Bislett stadion.
In 1961, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Liberal member for Warringah.
Méthot remained in that role until his death on 6 August 1972.
He was defeated at the 1955 election by Peter Howson.
He was the co-author of the 1958 book, New Westminster, The Royal City.
His service in the House of Commons thus began in the latter part of the 28th Parliament.
He came to Canada at the age of six and grew up in Guelph.
Melvin James McQuaid was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
He sat in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom as the Member of Parliament for Keighley from 1974 to until his defeat in 1983.
His autobiography, Varied Operations, was published in 1958.
From 1917 to 1920, he was president of the South York Liberal-Conservative Association.
He was the mover of the successful 1942 motion to change the name of the Conservative Party to the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada.
He later worked at the Iron Blow mine near Queenstown.
She was the Liberal Party's nominee in Fundy Royal in the 2015 election, and won in a huge upset.
In 1931, he resigned the Labour whip, and joined the New Party led by Oswald Mosley.
By vouching for them, Golding made it possible for the pair to access an area of the Commons viewing gallery not behind a glass security screen.
Neminathan was born on 28 March 1922.
After completing his final federal term, the 23rd Canadian Parliament, Stick left the House of Commons and did not seek further re-election.
Born in Iceland, Hannesson's family immigrated to Canada and settled in Winnipeg, Manitoba in 1886 where he was schooled.
David Graham Pole was a British Labour Party politician who served as Member of Parliament for South Derbyshire from 1929 to 1931.
By the late 1950s, his interests turned to politics.
He was appointed King's Counsel in 1930 and was a Crown attorney in 1935 and 1940.
Henderson served only one term, the 24th Canadian Parliament, before Leboe retook the riding in the 1962 election.
Shaheen Shafiq is a Pakistani politician who is currently a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan, belonging to the Pakistan Muslim League.
She was previously Minister of State for Social Development, and Member of the Canadian Parliament in the Harper Government.
In 1906, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for South Australia.
From there, he joined the Royal Canadian Corps of Signals until October 1945, serving as a lieutenant.
However he was defeated with a 48.4 percent two-party vote by Liberal Jim Handby.
He was first elected at the Hull riding in a 29 May 1967 by-election, following the death of his father, Alexis Caron.
Douglas Reginald "Doug" Berry was an Australian politician.
Dorries was elected to the House of Commons at the 2005 general election as MP for the safe seat of Mid-Bedfordshire, with a majority of 11,355.
He became the Member of Parliament for Hayes and Harlington at the 1997 general election, and has retained his seat from then onwards.
From 1975 to 1979, he was also appointed a Member of the European Parliament as part of the Labour delegation.
Born in Lorrainville, Quebec, he was a lawyer by career.
He is currently a Member of Parliament for the Democratic Alliance, South Africa's official opposition.
Born in Sydney, he attended North Sydney Grammar School and the University of Sydney, and served in World War I 1917-18.
Denny was the Attorney-General of South Australia and Minister for the Northern Territory in the government led by John Verran.
Minogue held the seat until its abolition in 1969, at which time he retired.
Joseph "Joe" Preston is a Canadian politician and was the Conservative Member of Parliament representing Elgin—Middlesex—London riding from 2004 to 2015.
He was a broadcaster by career, particularly for CKNX-TV in Wingham, Ontario.
He has performed in several dance works, television series and plays.
Robert Perron was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons and a lawyer.
In an article in Svenska Dagbladet in December 2015, Kronlid criticized that 30% of Swedish foreign aid was used to finance immigration into Sweden.
Fane began his political career as a Municipal Councillor in the small town of Mundare.
Marcel Monette was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
In 1966, Macnaughton was appointed to a seat in the Canadian Senate by Lester B. Pearson, and served in that body until his retirement in 1978.
In 1961 he moved to Murray Bridge in South Australia, where he became a poultry farmer.
Weston was elected as MP for Saint John in the 2008 federal election, defeating incumbent Liberal Paul Zed.
Hudson lost his Parliament seat at the 1918 UK general election, and retired completely in 1923.
The ship was to be built in China and set sail in late 2016, later postponed to 2018.
He was elected as the member for the Division of Moore in Western Australia for the Liberal Party.
His next campaign was as a Liberal candidate in a by-election at St. Mary on 16 October 1950 where he won a seat in Parliament.
From 1975 to 2005, Fisher owned and operated Cross Canada Books, a distribution company that sold Canadian books to schools and libraries.
After the boundary changes of that year, he stood in Corby, but lost to the Conservative candidate William Powell.
Prior to his federal political experience, he was a Lieutenant in the Royal Canadian Artillery between 1942 and 1943.
In January 2015, Moustafá was elected to Greek Parliament on the Syriza ticket.
He grew up in Ballarat and attended Mount Clear College.
Julian McGauran, Australian politician, was a member of the Australian Senate, representing the state of Victoria.
Major Theodore Frederick "Freddy" Jayewardene was a Ceylonese politician.
Lieutenant-Colonel Sir Alfred Cholmeley Earle Welby KBE JP was a Conservative Party politician who served as the Member of Parliament for Taunton from 1895 until 1906.
McGrath successfully challenged Kerby's election in the courts, and a by-election was held in 1920 and won by McGrath.
Sir Frederic William Lang was a New Zealand politician, initially an independent conservative, then from 1914 a member of the Reform Party.
He died en route to Florida at Pennsylvania in 1956.
He was re-elected in the 2017 general election.
He was born in Carberry, Manitoba and became a farmer by career.
He was wounded in 1918 and invaldiated home.
Broadbent was initially elected for the marginal Melbourne seat of Corinella in 1990, losing to Labor's Alan Griffin in 1993.
Edward Armour Peck was a Conservative member of the Canadian House of Commons.
After arrival in Australia, Jack became a grocer and businessman in North Sydney, and was elected to Willoughby Council.
He was successful defeating the UNP candidate, T. D. Fransisku, by 4,000 votes.
He attended Raffles Institution, Siglap Secondary School and National Junior College, and studied medicine at the University of Singapore.
As Foreign Minister he negotiated and signed Bulgaria's accessions to NATO and EU - projects which he initiated as Member of Parliament back in 1990.
He was defeated again on another attempt in the 1963 election.
He was a member of the New Zealand Parliament from 1999 to 2008, and represented the Green Party as a list MP.
He became a barrister in 1959, as well as a company director and grazier.
He held the seat until his defeat in 1917.
In 1965 he was elected to the Western Australian Legislative Council for Lower West, where he remained until 1983, when he retired.
Fridolin is a member of the Swedish parliament since the 2010 election, representing Skåne County North and East.
Prior to her election, she ran unsuccessfully in the same riding in 2006.
Muhammad Siddique Khan Baloch is a Pakistani politician who served as the member of the National Assembly of Pakistan.
He attended Girard College in Philadelphia, and then emigrated to Canada in 1896.
She was the running mate of Rumen Radev, who defeated GERB nominee Tsetska Tsacheva in the second round of the 2016 presidential election.
Asma Mamdot is a Pakistani politician who is currently a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan, belonging to the Pakistan Muslim League.
David Charles Dingwall, PC is a former Canadian Cabinet minister and civil servant.
He was elected to Parliament at the Sherbrooke riding in the 1968 general election.
He gained a Bachelor of Arts from the University of New England and a Master of Arts from the East–West Center, Hawaii, as a Fulbright scholar.
Hadley died in 1971 and was buried in Nudgee Cemetery.
from the University of Cambridge and qualified as a Barrister.
He has been mayor of Terrebonne since 2 November 1997 and was acclaimed for another term in the 2005 municipal election and re-elected in 2009.
Caesar-Chavannes worked as an international research consultant, as well as a lecturer on the need to include marginalized populations in clinical research.
He was the son of a prominent Queensland politician, and he was elected as a member of parliament.
He is a Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Foreign Affairs specializing in consular affairs.
He was also a councillor in Frontenac County, Ontario between 1926 and 1940.
Surendra Pandey is a member of the 2nd Nepalese Constituent Assembly.
Patricio Walker Prieto is a Chilean politician.
Rogers was elected as MP for Kensington North in 1945.
Michael Field MHA, two Tasmanian Senators in the 1980s, then as adviser to the former Premier of Tasmania, the late The Hon.
Diane Lebouthillier PC MP is a Canadian politician.
He lives with his family in Vaudreuil-sur-le-lac, Quebec.
William Cornforth Robinson was a British Labour Member of Parliament.
She was a Liberal member of the Western Australian Legislative Council from 2001 to 2017, representing the region of South West.
Stanley Raymond McMaster was a Unionist politician in Northern Ireland and a barrister at Lincoln's Inn in London.
She was elected as the Member of Parliament for Glasgow Central at the May 2015 general election.
William Arthur Trenwith was a pioneer trade union official and labour movement politician for Victoria, Australia.
Stephen Cairfield Dubois is an Australian retired politician.
He was a Labor member for Doutta Galla in the Victorian Legislative Council from 1996 to 1999.
In the 2011 election, he was defeated by Anne-Marie Day of the NDP.
He was the Member of Parliament for Canterbury from 1987 to 2017.
In 2000 Bruce Goodluck was appointed a Member of the Order of Australia.
Born in Saint-Lazare, Quebec, he was a teacher by career.
He contested Moreton successfully at the 1996 federal election against Labor incumbent Garrie Gibson, going on to retain the seat in 1998, 2001 and 2004.
The official Labour candidate Jeremy Corbyn won while O'Halloran came in fourth with 11% of the vote.
He came second and entered Parliament as the second member for Pottuvil.
Sherriff was previously a councillor in Pontefract on Wakefield District Council.
However, at the 1950 general election he lost his seat to the Conservative Party candidate Charles Hill, the former "radio doctor".
Lindiwe Mazibuko is a South African politician, musician and the former Parliamentary Leader for the opposition Democratic Alliance.
He was re-elected in 1940 and 1945.
Besides being the youngest MP in Parliament, Tin was also the PAP's youngest candidate in the Singapore general election, 2011.
Brown was a federal Conservative member of the House of Commons of Canada from 2006 to 2015 representing the riding of Barrie.
Charles-Arthur Dumoulin Cannon was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
He was a businessman and industrialist by career.
McCulloch was defeated at Pictou by Russell MacEwan of the Progressive Conservative party in the 1957 election.
In 1909, he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland as the member for Maryborough.
At the 1918 general election he unsuccessfully contested Bradford North.
Dixon was appointed OBE in 1919 and admitted to the Privy Council of Northern Ireland in 1923.
He was first elected at the Mégantic riding in the 1958 general election.
He contested the seat in the 1910 election, but was defeated by the Labor candidate, Jens Jensen.
Goodenough was elected to parliament at the 2013 federal election, replacing the retiring Mal Washer.
He was re-elected in 2004, winning four consecutive elections in the constituency of Calgary Centre.
He died in Bristol at the age of 93.
Earlier, he was the general secretary of Khagrachari unit of the party.
William George Burns was an Australian politician.
Sir George Foster Pearce KCVO was an Australian politician who was instrumental in founding the Australian Labor Party in Western Australia.
He held the seat, improving his vote at each election, till his death in 1936 and succeeded by his nephew Bill.
Formerly a member of the Conservative Party, Carswell was elected as the MP for Harwich in 2005 and Clacton in 2010.
He served as a member of the Swedish parliament 1997–2010, representing the constituency of Gothenburg.
It has been speculated that without his pre-selection defeat he would have become a minister.
R. M. Padma Udhaya Shantha Gunasekera is a Sri Lankan politician and a former member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka.
He won Québec—Montmorency in the 1965 election, and was re-elected at the Montmorency riding in the 1968 and 1972 federal elections.
Antoine Audet was a Canadian politician and farmer.
The journalist Paul Kelly wrote in his book November 1975: "It was the national interest that drove Rex Connor.
Born in Sydney, Tickner was educated at the University of Sydney.
He was joint author and editor of the first eight editions of the book now called Card, Cross and Jones: Criminal Law.
Virasipillai Albert Alegacone was a Ceylon Tamil lawyer, politician and Member of Parliament.
Gleave served as an Agriculture Committee member.
He was first elected to Parliament at the St. Ann riding in the 1940 general election and re-elected for successive terms in 1945, 1949 and 1953.
In 2008, McGrath was cleared by the Corruption and Crime Commission in relation to dealings with lobbyist Brian Burke.
A member of the Socialist Left faction of the Labor Party, he was Minister for Defence Support in the government of Bob Hawke from 1983.
He was elected at the 2008 election.
Sally Curtis Keeble is a British Labour Party politician.
David Wilson Beaubier was a Canadian politician.
Kenneth Lomas was a British Labour Party politician.
He was formerly a member of Parliament's National Assembly, where he served as the Chairperson of Caucus.
He previously served as the Member of Parliament for Birmingham Erdington from 2001 to 2010.
In the 2015 election, he contested and won the Kayin State № 8 constituency for a seat in the country's upper house.
Nauman Islam Shaikh is a Pakistani politician who is currently a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan, belonging to the Pakistan Peoples Party.
He was also held prominent offices within the Scottish Conservative Party.
Post-partition, he shifted to Delhi, and also remained a member of the Constituent Assembly of India.
After completing his third term, the 17th Canadian Parliament, Peck left federal politics and did not seek another term in the 1935 election.
He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons in 1957 as an Independent Liberal to represent the riding of Drummond—Arthabaska.
He is the former chief executive of the Australian Red Cross, having served in that role from 2005 to 2015.
Born in Bootle, he was Labour Member of Parliament for Liverpool Kirkdale from 1945 to 1955.
George Oscar Sylvester was a Labour Party politician in England.
Michael D. "Mike" Sullivan is a former Canadian politician.
Stephen William Hammond is a British Conservative Party politician and former UK Government Minister.
In the 1989 election which was the first Parliamentary election to be held under the proportional representation he entered Parliament as a National list member.
She was the daughter of a Jewish trader, David Asher, and granddaughter of Asher Asher, the first captain of the Auckland Fire Brigade.
Rupert Sumner Ryan, CMG DSO was an Australian soldier and politician.
Born in Lancashire, he migrated to Australia as a child and was educated at St Killan College in Ipswich, Queensland.
Previously he was the MP for Croydon South from 1966 to 1970.
Born in Melbourne, he attended Wesley College and then the University of Melbourne before becoming an accountant.
He served as an alderman on Launceston City Council from 1943 to 1951 and was mayor from 1948 to 1949.
Jack was the son of a miner, Patrick and his wife Julia and was the eldest of three boys, the other two being Mick and Harry.
Herbert Sri Nissanka, KC was a Ceylonese lawyer and statesmen.
Freda Corbet, née Künzlen and afterwards Mansell, was a British Labour politician.
She was re-elected in the Canadian federal election, 1997, 2000, 2004, 2006, and in 2008.
He represented the National Party in the House of Representatives from 2005 to 2014.
Commander Sir Peter Garnett Agnew, 1st Baronet was an officer in the Royal Navy and a Conservative Party politician.
In 1958, Timmins was appointed as a judge on the County Court of York.
He is the Member of Parliament for Yeovil and the nearby towns and villages in South Somerset from the 2017 general election.
On 12 November 2015, she was named Chief Whip for the NDP, as well as being asked to continue her role as Housing Critic.
Bean was beaten by Fenner again at the new Medway seat in 1983, and he died in 1987 at the age of 52.
After the federal election results for the Winnipeg riding were annulled in March 1897, Jameson entered a by-election as a Liberal candidate.
René John Soetens was a member of the Canadian House of Commons from 1988 to 1993.
His brother, Robert Mahony, was a member of the New South Wales Legislative Council.
Murray died on the Gold Coast on 25 January 2009.
She was appointed Minister of Canadian Heritage and Official Languages on July 15, 2013.
After serving for the remainder of the 14th Canadian Parliament, Ouimet left federal politics and did not seek another term in the 1925 election.
He moved to New South Wales in 1882, and to Sydney in 1891.
Ahern died on his birthday in 1955.
Ong Chit Chung was a Singaporean politician and Member of Parliament.
In 1921, he moved to Queensland, becoming a grazier, as well as a businessman and company director.
Lim re-entered the legal sector following the 2011 general election.
He lost the seat in the 1980 federal election to Lyle Kristiansen of the New Democratic Party, but regained the seat in the 1984 elections.
He was a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly from 1939 until 1959.
He was Vice-President of the Transport Workers' Union 1952-1956 and Assistant General Secretary of the New South Wales Labor Party 1952-1955.
Paul Theodore Hellyer, PC is a Canadian engineer, politician, writer, and commentator who has had a long and varied career.
He won Dorchester in the 1957 election and served one term, the 23rd Canadian Parliament.
Subsequently, in a 2008 by-election Liberal candidate Frank Valeriote was elected in the Guelph riding.
He was also leader of several of the Australian delegations to European Parliament, the Council of Europe and NATO.
He is now the President of the New South Wales branch of the Australian Labor Party, following the resignation of Bernie Riordan.
He was the Telecommunications Minister in the government.
On October 19, 2015, Moore was re-elected as the Member of the Parliament for Abitibi—Témiscamingue, Quebec for the NDP during the 2015 Canadian federal election.
Kenneth Oswald Hoad was an Australian politician.
His death resulted in the 1939 Griffith by-election.
He married Evelyn Bush Mousley in December 1915 and they had a son and four daughters.
He moved to Manchester to become general secretary of the Amalgamated Society of Lithographic Printers, formed in 1880.
He served on the Candidate Nomination Committee for the Canadian Alliance Wetaskiwin riding in 1999, and joined the Board of Directors in 2000.
He died in office in April 1945 aged 64, but no by-election was held because the 1945 general election was held in July.
He is the Member of Parliament for the Jaman North in the Brong Ahafo Region of Ghana.
He held the seat until 1958, when he was defeated by the Country Party candidate.
Moses Amadu Yahaya is a Ghanaian building technician, politician and the current Member of Parliament for the Kumbungu constituency in the Northern Region of Ghana.
He is the husband of Maryam Nawaz and son in law of the former Prime Minister of Pakistan Nawaz Sharif.
He contested Bristol West in 1950, Exeter in 1951 and South Gloucestershire in 1955.
He is an officer of the Order of Canada and a member of the Hockey Hall of Fame.
Susan Christine Knowles represented Western Australia and the Liberal Party in the Australian Senate from 1 December 1984 until her retirement on 30 June 2005.
He is the only Labour MP to have ever sat for a Cambridgeshire constituency outside the city of Cambridge itself.
He continued to be a member of Manchester City Council until his death.
He was appointed Minister for Housing and Construction in the Fraser government in November 1980.
Gordon Cameron Edwards was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
He is the Member of Parliament for Rayleigh and Wickford.
Born in Deniliquin, New South Wales, he was a grazier before serving in the military 1939–45.
He received his education in the outback of Victoria, and worked on his parent's farm, before joining the Victorian Mounted Rifles.
He was a consultant and political assistant by career.
At the 2013 federal election, Symon suffered a swing of 3.8% against him and was defeated by Liberal candidate Michael Sukkar.
In March 2014, Washer announced his resignation as chair of the Alcohol and Other Drug Council of Australia.
He then obtained his law degree from Osgoode Hall Law School and was a member of The Kappa Alpha Society.
Sir Graham Frank James Bright is a British politician and businessman.
He defeated Mackinnon in a rematch two years later.
Barry Cohen AM is a former Australian Labor politician.
Whiteside was educated in Sceptre, Saskatchewan and at Regina.
Bernard Vincent Finnigan was an Australian politician, serving as a member of the South Australian Legislative Council from 2006 until 2015.
He was a councillor in the London Borough of Croydon between 1998 and 2010.
He was defeated in the 1963 election.
As president of the LPCQ she also sits on the National Board of Directors of the Liberal Party of Canada.
As Lacroix moved to the opposition side of the House of Commons, he shouted "Trahison!"
Tutekawa "Tu" Wyllie is a former New Zealand politician and rugby union player.
Joseph-Arthur Denis was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
He held the seat until he retired in 1928.
He is a member of the CoR's Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Harindra Corea was the brother of Nihal Corea and Chandra Corea.
He was born in Saint-Alexandre-de-Kamouraska, Quebec and became a crown attorney, judge and lawyer by career.
Once a week he went to the Salvation Army to operate a clinic where he gave free legal counsel to the poor.
From 2002 to 2006 Smyth was the ACT Leader of the Opposition and served briefly as the Deputy Chief Minister during 2000 and 2001.
He was educated at Richmond College, Galle and University of Peradeniya.
Maurice Anthony Foley was a British Labour Party politician.
He sat on Hindmarsh, Unley, and Adelaide City councils, and was President of the South Australian Liberal Union.
From 2004 to 2015, he represented the electoral district of Cariboo—Prince George, and formerly represented Prince George–Bulkley Valley.
In 1996, he was chosen to chair a joint Commonwealth-State inquiry into the Tasmanian economy.
Ellis was born in Melbourne, Victoria, and was a public servant, electorate adviser and ministerial adviser before entering politics.
Soon after his appointment, the UAP became the Liberal Party.
He was educated at Swindon, and it was there that he took an apprenticeship as a boilermaker on the Great Western Railway.
He was a member of the Speakers' Panel from 1996 to 2013.
Garry W. Breitkreuz is a Canadian politician.
He held the seat until 1980, when he lost preselection to John Mountford.
He negotiated Australia's first trade treaty with Canada, and was rewarded with a parliamentary ovation.
Along with geographer John Koegler, he published two books - Canada’s Changing Landscape and Canada’s Modern Landscape.
The next day, she was named a visiting fellow by the Canada Institute at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars.
He died after a long illness in 1900.
After completing his term in the 28th Canadian Parliament, LeBlanc was defeated at Rimouski in the 1972 federal election.
He was called to the bar in June 1864, and returned to Adelaide in the same year.
He did not stand for re-election at the 1998 election.
Nicolas Dufour is a Canadian politician, who was elected to represent the electoral district of Repentigny in the 2008 Canadian federal election.
He is a Member of the United National Party.
for others with the same name, see Jean Marchand
On the council he chaired the Agricultural Education Committee.
Laurier Arthur Régnier was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
He was a pastoralist and businessman prior to entering politics, and was also a founding member of the Aboriginal Lands Trust in 1972.
Walter Clarence Henderson was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
McManus served as a parliamentary secretary in the first two terms of the Carr government, and retired in 2003.
In 2003, he supported Bill Blaikie's campaign to lead the NDP.
She qualified in 1986 and worked as a junior hospital doctor and then as a general practitioner.
Born in Launceston, Tasmania, he was a pastoralist before serving in the military 1943-1944.
He was a prominent trades unionist, and served as president of the Railway Clerks' Association from 1932 to 1937.
William Findlay Maclean was a Canadian politician.
Robert John Walter is an English Conservative Party politician.
Ranjith Jinatissa Aluwihare is a Sri Lankan politician.
He was defeated in the 1958 election by Benjamin Allmark of the Progressive Conservative party.
Rouleau did not seek further re-election after this.
Shanthi Sriskantharajah is a Sri Lankan Tamil civil servant, politician and Member of Parliament.
He was first elected at a by-election in 1938 for the Lichfield constituency in Staffordshire, following the death of the National Labour MP James Lovat-Fraser.
In 1903 he left the Council to contest the Australian Senate, in which he was successful.
He served as Mayor of the Shire of Stawell from 1895 to 1896.
Sir George Middleton was also the Under-Secretary of State for India 1924.
He won the nomination, but lost to Liberal Joseph Miville Dechene in the general election.
He became involved in the local politics, and was elected to Salford City Council.
On November 4, 2015, she was named Minister of Sport and Persons with Disabilities in the 29th Canadian Ministry, headed by Justin Trudeau.
On January 16, 1989, Otto's fourteen-metre sailboat, the Optimistra, hit a rock and capsized off the southeast coast of Cuba.
He won the seat for the Haldimand—Norfolk electoral district in the 1979 federal election and was re-elected there in the 1980 and 1984 federal elections.
Norman Ewing was born in Wollongong, New South Wales on 26 December 1870.
He was a Member of Parliament, representing Meirionnydd Nant Conwy in the House of Commons from 1992 to 2010 and Dwyfor Meirionnydd from 2010 to 2015.
In 1961, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Labor member for Brisbane.
Nathaniel Erskine-Smith MP is a politician in Ontario, Canada.
She was re-elected in 2004, 2007 and 2010.
His Labour successor, John McDonnell described him as a 'stain', a 'malignant creature', and an espouser of racism, in his maiden speech.
Born in Mudgee, New South Wales, he was educated at public schools and became a clerk and cement worker.
He was first elected at the Lanark and Renfrew riding in the 1968 general election and served only one term, the 28th Canadian Parliament.
In 1918, he married Anne Ogwen Hughes.
Archie Latimer Hodgins was a Progressive party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
Reynolds defeated Arthur in 1969, and held the seat until his retirement in 1975.
Gilchrist rejected the call for his resignation saying, "Why should I?
He was first elected as Member of Parliament for the North East Milton Keynes constituency at the 2005 general election.
He was born in Subotica in the former Yugoslavia, and worked as a stationmaster before entering politics.
He was a Conservative member of the House of Commons of Canada from 2011 to 2015 who represented the Toronto riding of Don Valley West.
He then spent ten years working on ships to the South Pacific islands.
In August 2009, Campbell's de facto partner Roland Small appeared in court to face charges of assaulting her.
Following his retirement from Parliament he wrote several books about politics, based on his interest in psychoanalysis.
He was first elected in the 1972 federal election, and was re-elected in the 1974, 1979, 1980, and 1984 elections.
Born in Dorohoi, Romania, the son of Saul Hartt and Malia Segal, he immigrated to Canada when he was twelve.
In 1949, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Labor member for West Sydney.
He became president of Owen Sound Cereal Mills Ltd.
Perry continued as national secretary of the Co-operative Party until 1942.
He was a governor at the Kings School Ottery St Mary.
He is the godfather of Van Halen lead singer David Lee Roth.
Ronald Campbell is a British Labour Party politician who has been the Member of Parliament for Blyth Valley since the 1987 general election.
He supported Edward Heath's policy of joining the European Economic Community, and was a delegate to the Council of Europe and the Western European Union.
He served as reeve for Newmarket for a number of years.
Frank Exton Lennard was a Conservative then a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
In 1975, he was elected to the House of Representatives as the Liberal member for Ballaarat.
When the Liberals came to power in the 1993 election, Prime Minister Jean Chrétien brought Marchi into the Canadian Cabinet as Minister of Citizenship and Immigration.
Roberge was born in Saint-Ferdinand d'Halifax, Quebec.
Thambirajah was born on 10 November 1917.
Ernest Thornton was a British Labour Party politician.
Sir John Armstrong Spicer was an Australian lawyer, politician, cabinet minister and judge.
He was born in Saint-Hugues, Quebec, educated at Sherbrooke, and became a bank manager, a director of various companies and a manufacturer.
Omid Nouripour is a German politician of the Alliance '90/The Greens who currently serves as a member of the Bundestag, representing the state of Hesse.
He was elected as a member for Torrens in 1905, 1906 and 1910, but was defeated in 1912.
Marie, Michigan for several years, then moved to Saskatchewan, working as a real estate broker in Saskatoon.
Crawford Douglas was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
Born in Kalino, Victoria, he was educated at state schools in Ballarat.
Townley was born in Hobart and educated at Elizabeth Street State School and Hobart High School, and at Hobart Technical College.
Sir Nicholas Attygalle KBE FRCS FRCOG was a Ceylonese academic, surgeon and a Senator.
Walter Lockhart Gordon PC CC CBE was a Canadian accountant, businessman, politician, and writer.
Richard Valentine Keane was an Australian politician.
When the U.S. Third Army liberated Alsace in September 1944, he gave himself up to them.
Govinda had lead roles in several commercially successful comedy films, including Aankhen, Raja Babu, Coolie No.
Peter James Nixon AO is a former Australian politician representing the National Party.
Before entering Parliament, Elphicke was a solicitor specialising in tax and provided advice to shadow chancellors.
Chanter was a storekeeper and farmer and in 1878, he became the first secretary of the Victorian Farmers' Union.
Christopher William Richmond, generally called William Richmond, was a 19th-century New Zealand politician.
Cruickshank served as reeve of Matsqui, British Columbia from 1931 to 1940.
Thomas Christopher "Tom" Arthur was an Australian politician.
In 1983, he left the House of Commons when his seat was abolished by boundary changes.
He was first elected at the Saint Boniface riding in the 1945 general election then re-elected for successive terms there in 1949 and 1953.
In 1938 he successfully applied for re-entry to the Labor Party.
A typical entry reports information in the following sequence:
He was a Senator in the Parliament of Australia representing Western Australia from 1951 until his death in 1966.
He was declared insolvent in 1923, in part due to the legal costs from the libel case.
He was born in St. John's, Newfoundland and became an accountant, businessman, clerk and manager by career.
He served on Dungog Shire Council from 1987–90 and Port Stephens Council from 1991–93.
Born in Adelaide, he received a primary education before becoming a farm worker and apprentice printer, running his own printing business by 1871.
He was first elected at the Labelle riding in the 1953 general election, unseating Progressive Conservative party incumbent Henri Courtemanche.
Steven John Fletcher, PC MLA is a Canadian politician and an Independent MLA in the Manitoba Legislative Assembly.
He was a Chief Minister of North Western Province, and current Minister for Sport in Sri Lanka.
He was born in Stoney Island, Nova Scotia and became a lobster merchant by career.
Previously, she was the elected chairman of the West Coast Regional Council.
Walter Allan Hall was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
He was a former Cabinet Minister of Health, Senator & Member of Parliament.
She was opposed to Brexit prior to the 2016 referendum.
He was born in Nova Scotia and became a barrister.
Prior to his career in federal politics, he was mayor of Milton, Ontario between 1904 and 1908.
Shane Dunne Paltridge KBE was an Australian politician.
The 30th Canadian Parliament was in session from 30 September 1974 until 26 March 1979.
Philippa Whitford MP is a Scottish National Party politician and surgeon.
Born in Adelaide, South Australia, he was educated at state schools before becoming a car worker.
In 1968, he wrote Dragon Army, a popular history of Asian communism.
John Jackson MacKay, Baron MacKay of Ardbrecknish PC DL was a Scottish Conservative and Unionist Party politician.
Nicholas Douglas Palmer is a British politician, translator and computer scientist.
Yvette Maree D'Ath is an Australian politician.
Daniel Thomas "Dan" Tehan is an Australian politician.
Hall was born in Harrietville, Victoria, and studied law at the University of Sydney before becoming a barrister in 1903.
Born in Sydney, he was educated there at state schools.
In 1907 and 1908, Kaiser was mayor of Oshawa.
Born in Colac, Victoria, he attended Geelong Grammar School and then Cambridge University in England.
Weaver died on 7 May 1986 and is buried in Melfort, Saskatchewan at Mount Pleasant Cemetery
He holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from the College universitaire de Saint-Boniface, as well as a Bachelor of Commerce degree from the University of Manitoba.
He was again Speaker from June 1917 to February 1923, when William Watt was chosen for the position.
He was elected as the Conservative MP for Durham West in the 1900 federal election.
He was first elected at the Brantford riding in the 1953 general election and served a term in the 22nd Canadian Parliament.
Hardman held the seat until the 1951 general election, when he was defeated by the Conservative Fergus Graham.
He was also a member of the Viplavakari Lanka Sama Samaja Party for a short while.
Andrew Kania is a former Canadian Member of Parliament for the electoral district of Brampton West, in Ontario.
He was a vice-chairman of the Conservative Party, and was also a Member of the European Parliament, representing Wessex from 1979 until 1984.
During World War II, he was chairman of the New South Wales recruiting committee for the Royal Australian Air Force.
Tuck was elected as the Member of Parliament for the English constituency of Watford in the Parliament of the United Kingdom in 1964, serving until 1979.
Chaminda Wijesiri is a Sri Lankan politician and a member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka.
Director of Oxfam, Judd was made a life peer on 10 June 1991 with the title Baron Judd, of Portsea in the County of Hampshire.
Names under each date are reported in alphabetical order by surname or pseudonym.
Coates' main initiative was the re-introduction of separate uniforms for the naval, land and air branches of the military.
He was a Campbelltown City Councillor and served as mayor from 2011 to 2012.
Sanderson finished his term in the 19th Canadian Parliament and did not seek a further term in the 1945 election.
Her candidacy for the 2011 election created significant media interest due to her high placing on the Green Party's list.
Rather than face certain defeat, Dein contested the Senate instead, and was successful.
After leaving federal politics, Chown moved to Toronto.
Scott Simms, MP, is a Canadian politician.
In 1934, he became Speaker when Sir Francis Molamure stepped down on personal reasons.
Ganeshalingam stood as the Tamil United Liberation Front's candidate in Paddiruppu at the 1977 parliamentary election.
He held the seat with an increased majority at the 1929 general election.
He was the first non-Cabinet minister elected into the PAP Central Executive Committee.
He defeated Angus in the riding in the 1993 election and was re-elected in 1997 and 2000.
John Stuart Forrester was a British Labour Party politician.
Founder of the first professional African theatrical troupe, Theatre Africain, he also arranged Liberté, the national anthem of Guinea.
His contract at the high school was not renewed.
Little was defeated at the 1974 federal election, along with the other three DLP Senators, when the party's vote collapsed.
Lewis Herbert Martell was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
Marchand taught philosophy at the University of Manitoba, the University of Ottawa and Université Laval.
He came to parliament in the 2008 general election as a list MP, having been ranked fourth.
Chaudhry Khadim Hussain is a Pakistani politician who is currently a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan, belonging to the Pakistan Muslim League.
He held the seat for the National Country Party.
Princely Rajendran Selvanayagam was a Sri Lankan Tamil politician and Member of Parliament.
Hoblitzell was sentenced to a one year jail term or a $4600 fine for this latter charge.
Michael Cullen Cotton was a politician in the New South Wales Legislative Assembly during the early colonial period.
Gladwin Conrad Hermon Kotelawala, MBE was a Ceylonese businessmen and politician.
Born at Maleny, Queensland, he was a locomotive engine driver before entering politics.
3 Tamwe and graduated from the Rangoon Arts and Science University in 1970 with a BS degree in zoology.
Sir William Austin Zeal KCMG was an Australian railway engineer and politician, Senator for Victoria in the Parliament of Australia.
In one case he was considered provoked, and did not have to pay damages to the plaintiff Tommy Funebo.
Anne Margaret Main is a Conservative Party politician in Britain.
Corriveau served for the latter part of the 29th Canadian Parliament, and for full terms in the 30th through 32nd Canadian Parliaments.
He was elected as Whitehaven's first Labour MP at the December 1910 general election.
In 1999, he became the founding President and CEO of Riel Economic Development Corporation, and is also the President and co-owner of Simard Solutions.
He was elected to Parliament at the Humboldt riding in the 1921 general election.
at McGill University of Montreal in 1902. he came west as a CPR doctor and settled in Cranbrook BC in 1905.
Born in Dubbo, New South Wales, he attended the University of Sydney before becoming a pharmacist.
In 1874 he took silk, practising until 1899.
He has served the portfolios of Training from 2001–2003 and as the Minister assisting in public sector management from 2003-2005.
Caplin was elected as Member of Parliament for Hove in 1997.
An uncompromising opponent of all forms of protectionism, following the 1909 Fusion of the anti-Labour forces he joined the Liberal Party only with reluctance.
During his early years he was an engine-driver and railways unionist before serving as an Alderman on Ipswich Council.
After attending St. Joseph's College, Hunters Hill and the Sydney Technical College, he was an apprentice electrical fitter for Sydney City Council.
Convention delegates, in an emergency motion, voted to give the party up to two years to choose a new head.
Sir John Newlands KCMG, CBE, also known as John Newland, was a Scottish-born Australian politician.
After a period working public relations for the music industry in the early 1990s, she became known, as Louise Bagshawe, as a writer of "chick-lit" novels.
Miles Staniforth Cater Smith was an Australian politician.
An early supporter of the Labour Party, he was elected to Thornhill Urban District Council in 1904.
Josée Verner, PC is a Canadian politician.
Sir John Henry Kennaway, 3rd Baronet CB PC DL was an English Conservative Party politician.
Charles Humbert Thomas was a Progressive Conservative party member of the House of Commons of Canada.
Charles-Jérémie Coulombe was a physician and political figure in Quebec.
He served in the military from 1941–1946, and was an organiser and Victorian Secretary of the Federated Furnishing Trades Society.
He later served as Federal President of the Liberal Party of Australia.
He married Alice Clara Gates in 1894.
Beggs was charged with Public Order offences for his involvement and was fined £1,350.
The study reviewed more than 20 years' erosion of bargaining rights in Canada.
Born in Vanuatu, he was the legislative assistant to Labor MP Bill Morrison.
He represented the Australian Labor Party from his election until 2001, when he left the party and became an independent.
In the 1980 election, Peters was defeated by Liberal candidate Bruce Lonsdale.
Gilani was the nephew of former Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani.
His election was declared void in October 1901 and his seat declared vacant.
The world’s first annual Sikh Awards ceremony was held on October 10, 2010 as a tribute to the skills, achievements, and successes of the Sikh community.
MacNutt was re-elected there in the 1926 election then defeated by Martin Luther Urquhart of the Liberal party in the 1930 federal election.
It is the sort of nonsense that used to happen.
He was born in Newcastle, New Brunswick and became a barrister and judge by career.
He served in Neville Wran's state government as the Deputy Premier of New South Wales from 1976 to 1984.
Joanne Catherine Ryan is an Australian politician.
She previously served as Shadow Deputy Leader of the House of Commons from September 2015 to June 2016.
He also did National Service and served in 8/13 VMR working with Centurion tanks.
Luigi de Magistris is an Italian politician and a former prosecutor, currently the mayor of Naples.
He was first elected at the Lanark riding in the 1965 general election.
He started his career as a public prosecutor in 1995 and worked in Naples from 1998 to 2002.
Although Catholics generally supported the Liberal Party, the Irish Catholic clergy did not generally involve themselves in politics.
He held the seat until his retirement in 1993.
After her death in 1970 her Guardian obituarist hailed her as "one of the most distinctive political personalities of the century".
Wiechel got once again elected as a member of Norrköping City Council as well as a member of the Swedish Parliament.
She held the position of Deputy Mayor for two years and resigned to concentrate on her federal election campaign.
His father continued to represent the Republic of China government until 1975 when he retired to live with Tchen in Australia.
Robert Leslie "Bob" Woods is an Australian former politician.
He held the seat until its abolition in 1993, at which time he retired.
Moloney died on 8 May 1961 and was given a state funeral.
He was mayor of the council from 1857 to 1860 and retired from local politics in 1874 due to conflict with his own party.
He campaigned in the 1911 Nova Scotia provincial election for a seat at Guysborough riding but was not successful.
During his terms in Parliament, Stewart was Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Public Works from 1966 to 1968.
He was born in Brisbane, and educated at the Anglican Church Grammar School and the University of Queensland.
John Joseph Madigan is a former Australian politician.
Cribb's brother Benjamin Cribb also served as a member of the colonial parliaments of both New South Wales and Queensland.
He had previously served in the British Army, rising to the rank of lieutenant-colonel in 1892.
She was elected for twenty-four consecutive years of public service.
Begum Tahira Bukhari is a Pakistani politician who is currently a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan, belonging to the Pakistan Muslim League.
In the 1985 Birthday Honours Fearn was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire.
Hamida Banu Shova is the founder and chairperson of Queens University, Bangladesh.
He held Deakin until 1949, when he retired to become a grazier.
Hōne Paratene Tamanuiarangi, also known as John Patterson, was a Māori member of Parliament in New Zealand.
She was elected as the Member of Parliament for Cardiff Central in the May 2015 general election.
However, Punchinilame has been cleared of all charges and was subsequently released on 18 December 2013.
That seat had previously been a safe National Country seat, but the addition of the heavily pro-Labor territory from Darling gave Labor a notional majority.
He was married twice: to Roley Williams in 1848 and to Susan Armour in 1859.
From 2001 to 2004, Lessard served as a city councillor in Saint-Basile-le-Grand, Quebec.
He is the former Shadow Minister of Labour, and a Member of Parliament for the DA.
He is also convener of the Scottish Fairtrade Forum.
He was appointed to the Senate for the Milford-Hants, Nova Scotia division on 2 May 1950 following nomination by Prime Minister Louis St. Laurent.
Reid married Joan Averill Swallow, daughter of Leonard Swallow and his wife Dorothy Comyn in 1946.
The son of James Kelly and Rachel Way, he was educated in North Sydney and entered business there.
She was Member of Parliament for Gloucester from 1997 to 2001.
He was defeated in the 1972 election.
He was defeated in 1943, and returned to farming.
From 1913 to 1921 he served as crown attorney for Victoria-Haliburton and was made King's Counsel in 1921.
Educated at Victoria College in Victoria, BC and the University of British Columbia Faculty of Law, he graduated in 1962 with a LLB.
He established his own lumber business after moving to Winnipeg in 1892.
In 1930, he was elected to the South Australian House of Assembly as the Labor member for Burra Burra, serving until 1933.
In 2009 McGauran was the first to speak up against the Liberal policy supporting the Government's Emissions Trading Scheme.
He was one of several to have served in both the UK and Australian parliaments.
Sidney Schofield was a Labour Party politician in the United Kingdom who served as a Member of Parliament for little over a year.
J.-Eugène Bissonnette was a Quebec-born politician and physician.
Anderson is married to Sandra McCallum and they have two children: James and Zoë.
Antony John Gardner was a British Labour Party politician.
He was appointed Canadian Ambassador to Belgium following the election.
A long-time member of the Labor Party, he was president and secretary of the Ross River branch and secretary of the Townsville branch.
Appapillai Amirthalingam was a leading Sri Lankan Tamil politician, Member of Parliament and Leader of the Opposition.
He also served in the military as a member of the 11th Canadian Field Ambulance unit in World War I with some duties in France.
On 27 April 1833, he married again, to Frances Julia Peters, but had no children by her.
He was defeated in 1945, but in 1949 was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Liberal member for the new seat of Isaacs.
She was re-elected in the 2017 general election.
Many nurses were fired and given one month to appeal.
She helped to establish the Women's Society for Public Affairs and was a Foundation Fellow of the Ghana Academy of Arts and Sciences.
He was born in Island of Islay, Scotland and became a farmer.
Mark Lionel Furner is an Australian politician.
On 27 June 2008 it was reported that he would stand down due to ill health.
Baird was born in Wickham, New Brunswick.
By 1915 he had become president of the Shoe and Boot Operatives.
He played football for the English Universities XI and the Corinthians.
He served in World War II, 1942–46.
He has also been chair of the South Shields Labour party since 2005.
Sheikh Mohammed Khalid Ibrahim is a Bahraini Islamist politician and a member of the Al-Menbar Islamic Society in Bahrain.
He was president of the Clarence River Cane Growers' Association and a member of the New South Wales Cane Growers' Council.
In August 1962, he became Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Agriculture, a post he held until February 1963.
Drouin won re-election to successive terms in office in 1912 and 1914.
Born in Leamington, Ontario, he was a farmer by career.
Edward Matthew "Ted" Horsington was an Australian politician.
Narayan Man Bijukchhe is a Nepalese politician.
Isabel was the wife of former parliamentarian Mervyn Arthur Hardie.
At the 1929 general election he was nominated as the Labour and Co-operative candidate for the Mossley constituency and successfully unseated the sitting MP, Austin Hopkinson.
Leslie Spriggs was a British Labour politician and trade unionist, MP for St Helens from 1958 until 1983.
It was the Conservatives fourth largest victory in Ontario in terms of popular support.
Poirier attended school at Bonaventure and Rimouski.
He disagreed with the Militant tendency in the 1980s.
He died, aged 83, in an Oldham hospital in 1955.
From March 2017, he sat as an independent.
After leaving politics, he established a nationwide chain of pharmacies using a franchise model and became a widely respected businessman.
Johanna Peta Churchill is a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom.
FitzGerald died at Darling Point in 1922.
In 1974, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives, defeating Labor member Frank Olley for the seat of Hume.
William Gawtress Raymond was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
Simon Robert Key, known as Robert Key, is a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom.
James Corbett, MBE was an Australian politician.
Jean Rousseau is a former Canadian politician, who was elected to the House of Commons of Canada in the 2011 election.
He was also a school teacher for over four years.
He was born in London, Ontario and became a barrister by career.
J.-Georges Ratelle was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
McWilliams bought the Hobart-based Tasmanian News in 1896 and moved to Hobart shortly after, unsuccessfully standing for the seat of Glenorchy in 1900.
Following terms as Winnipeg alderman since 1892, Jameson was elected the city's Mayor for 1896.
He was first elected at the Bellechasse riding in the 1963 general election and re-elected there in 1965.
Moss was born in New Zealand and arrived in Western Australia in 1891.
Basheer Segu Dawood is a Sri Lankan politician and Member of Parliament.
Peter John Law was a Welsh politician.
In September 2015 she was appointed to the Official Opposition frontbench as a Shadow Minister for Women, serving under Kate Green.
He was also involved with the Tamworth Progress Association and the Primary Producers' Union of New South Wales.
Born in the state of Victoria, he received a primary education before becoming a railway worker.
He increased his winning margin slightly at the 2016 federal election.
After the war, he served as secretary for M. J. Coldwell and then practised law in Ontario for a short time.
He served as Recorder of Blackburn between 1947 and 1970.
He died on 17 October 2010 at the age of 81.
He served as Labour member of Parliament for Midlothian from 1992 until he stepped down at the 2001 general election.
He died in Abbotsford, British Columbia in on 17 November 1970.
In March 2001, he apologised in the House of Commons for failing to register a local business interest.
Moylan was born in the Perth suburb of Guildford and educated at Perth Technical College.
She spent several years overseas with her husband and family, before first standing for the National Party in the 1984 election.
John Cameron Cartwright is a former politician in the United Kingdom.
On 13 February 1969 he was appointed Minister for Air, in the reshuffle following Paul Hasluck's appointment as Governor-General.
Hahn ran to succeed Solon Low at the 1961 Social Credit leadership convention but came in third.
For the American David Ginsburg see David Ginsburg
Charles Hardy was an Australian politician who served in the Australian Senate between 1932 and 1938.
He was promoted to lieutenant in 1916, captain and then major in 1916 and then lieutenant-colonel in 1917.
His death notice in The Advertiser mentioned his editorship of the Advocate but not his political career.
Terence James Sargeant was a New Democratic Party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
They were also annoyed with the number of days she took off and her level of work within the electorate.
In May 1924, Broad led a delegation of the birth control movement to the then health minister, Clydesdale MP John Wheatley.
During his time in the House of Representatives he had served as its Deputy Speaker.
Two daughters were born of this union: Amy and Laura.
Robert Beith was a Canadian politician and farmer.
In 1992, Shearer was named as New Zealander of the Year by the New Zealand Herald.
Thereafter, he was the Minister for Transport and the Minister Assisting the Premier on Economic and Trade Development from February to July 1995.
On 15 January 1878 Wright had married Honora Kearney, with whom he had four children.
Just three years later, in 1958, he retired from politics.
Ellis is one of the party's longest serving Parliamentarians, having first entered parliament as a candidate of the pro-Democracy Progressive Federal Party in 1987.
He was an organiser with the Queensland Teachers Union before his election to the Australian House of Representatives in 1990 as the Labor member for Moreton.
Atapattu resigned from his seat 10 February 1983 but was subsequently successful in the May 1983 by-elections, defeating Rajapaska by nearly 3,000 votes.
Fletcher was appointed as Minister of State on October 30, 2008.
In 1990, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Liberal member for the federal seat of Bendigo, defeating John Brumby.
He successfully stood for councillor in Burlington, Ontario in 1994 and was re-elected three times.
He was outspoken on the delicate matter of lavish allowances for the Governor General of Australia.
Lakshman Sevewirathne appointed as a member of parliament for Mahiyangana electorate in 1984 and he is representing the Badulla district continuously for thirty two years.
He was appointed an Honorary Professorial Fellow at the ANU in 2012.
Professionally, as an educator, Lewycky has been a University and College Professor teaching in Manitoba, Ontario, Quebec and New Brunswick.
Hugh Cummings McKillop was a Conservative member of the Canadian House of Commons.
Black was the son of J. Hiram Black and Mary Elizabeth "Libbie" Smith and was educated at Amherst College and Mount Allison University.
He died at Royal Jubilee Hospital in Victoria, British Columbia in 1990 due to cancer.
Barnes represented the riding of London West from 1994 to 2008 as a Liberal member of the House of Commons of Canada.
In that year he also became the Government's Leader in the Upper House.
He held the seat until 1969 when he was defeated by Reynolds, whereupon he became a consultant.
Alhassan Azong is a Ghanaian politician and the Member of Parliament for the Builsa South constituency in Ghana.
Wilfrid Lacroix was a member of the House of Commons of Canada from 1935 to 1958.
Norman John Oswald Makin AO was an Australian politician and diplomat.
In Federal Parliament Ellis was a member of the Opposition Shadow Ministry between 2001 and 2004.
Walker was elected member of Parliament for Doncaster at the 1964 general election.
Since the 2008 election, he has represented the Māngere electorate.
At the 1935 General Election, he contested Shrewsbury constituency, coming second.
From November 1923 to June 1924, Ewing was appointed Administrator of Tasmania, while awaiting the arrival of the new governor Captain Sir James O'Grady.
In 2014 Simon was elected a Member of the European Parliament for the West Midlands.
Brown remained active in the Presbyterian community.
Pearson was a Methodist lay preacher on Eyre Peninsula.
In 1982 he was elected to the Northern Ireland Assembly representing North Antrim.
At the 1922 general election, he was elected Member of Parliament for North East Derbyshire, and held the seat until 1931.
He was made a life peer on 11 May 1962, as Baron Champion, of Pontypridd in the County of Glamorgan.
Surreptitious attempts to raise foreign loans led to his forced resignation and, indirectly, the fall of the Whitlam Government in 1975.
Wood's electorate of La Trobe contains communities located in and near the Dandenong Ranges, such as Belgrave, Sassafras and Gembrook.
He married Elizabeth Dorothea Williams in 1909.
With riding changes, Roberge was re-elected in 1935 when his riding became Mégantic—Frontenac.
Eggins served as the Chairman of the New South Wales Fodder and Conservation Board.
He is also a member of the Speaker's Panel of Chairs and is vice-chair of the all-party parliamentary group on cancer
He worked on farms in New South Wales, Queensland and Victoria and in 1880 explored the Gascoyne River area of northern Western Australia.
He attended the secondary school Stratford Collegiate Institute and became a director of John A. Fraser and Company.
On July 21, 2010, Hill announced that he would be retiring at the May 2011 federal election.
Don Alwin Rajapaksa was a Sri Lankan politician and Member of Parliament, who represented the Beliatta electorate in Hambantota district from 1947 to 1965.
From 1837 to 1859 he owned the Yarralumla estate, which now serves as the official Canberra residence of the Governor-General of Australia.
Bryce was defeated by Liberal Robert Wood in the federal election of 1953, but won a by-election after Wood's death the following year.
He was Secretary of the Vehicle Builders' Union and President of the United Trades and Labour Council of South Australia.
Daphne Barbara Follett is a British Labour Party politician who served as the Member of Parliament for Stevenage from 1997 until 2010.
He remained in the Senate until his death at Ottawa Civic Hospital on 1 June 1951 due to a heart condition.
Honourable Julius Debrah, is an experienced entrepreneur, social development specialist and politician.
John Norman Lawson was an Australian politician.
At the 1929 general election, he was elected as Member of Parliament for Walthamstow East.
Between June 2008 and 2009, he was Minister for Interior.
He practised law alongside his wife Michèle Pelletier beginning in 1996.
That year, he turned down an invitation from Adolf Hitler to speak to German youth on the need to establish an equivalent to the Canadian Legion.
Even though the Coalition was easily reelected, Sullivan lost his seat to the former member for Darling, Labor's John FitzPatrick.
He joined the Royal Australian Airforce in 1940, and after failing training, the second Australian Imperial Force in 1942.
Colonel Robert Alexander Stewart, DSO is a former British Army officer, former United Nations commander in Bosnia, commentator, author, public speaker and Conservative Party politician.
He is mentioned in the song Gurindji Blues, saying "Buy your land back, Gurindji" referring to his assessment of the Wattie Creek land rights strike.
He was born on Nova Scotia's mainland, but grew-up in Cape Breton.
She became a city councillor in Mississauga in 2006, and remained there until 2010, when she was defeated by Ron Starr.
Franklin Ernest "Frank" van Kappen is a Dutch politician and retired soldier.
Moran was the Member of Parliament for Luton South from the 1997 general election to 2010.
He was the coordinator of the Conservative campaign in British Columbia.
After moving to Darwin, he married Cheryl Jones on 26 August 1972, with whom he had one daughter.
In 1903, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Free Trade Party member for Flinders.
In fact, he actually sat on the opposition benches of the Commons but continued to vote with the government on many issues.
He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons in the 2004 federal election for the new riding of Niagara West—Glanbrook.
In 2015, she was elected to the Senate of Pakistan on reserved seat for women.
Cotton was Minister for Industry and Commerce from 1975 to 1977.
In 1937, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Labor member for Cook.
Murray Stuart McCully CNZM is a New Zealand politician.
A member of the State Council of Ceylon, he was the first Ceylonese commanding officer of the Ceylon Light Infantry.
The son of Ambroise Gendron Jr. and Esther Chamberland, he was educated in Quebec City and settled in Maniwaki.
Haji Abdul Sattar Bachani is a Pakistani politician who is currently a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan, belonging to the Pakistan Peoples Party.
He was first elected to Parliament at the Regina City riding in the 1949 general election.
After establishing a medical practice at Port Colborne, Ontario, he served in the Royal Canadian Army Medical Corps between 1940 and 1945.
Before entering politics, Revell was a senior detective in the New Zealand Police.
Moving to Newcastle, New South Wales, he qualified as an accountant.
Davies served out his term and did not run again in 1935.
Allen was elected as Member of Parliament for South Cambridgeshire at the 2015 general election.
Roland Godin was a Ralliement créditiste and Social Credit party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
Jeremy John Elton Lefroy is a British Conservative Party politician who has been Member of Parliament for the Stafford constituency since the 2010 general election.
Rhéaume was a municipal councillor in Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu, Quebec for 16 years, and the community's mayor for five years.
He was elected as the mayor of Woodstock, Ontario in the 2010 municipal election, defeating incumbent Michael Harding.
He was an organiser of the Jarrow March and the first signatory of the petition handed to Parliament.
Prior to being elected as an MP, Hayes was a Councillor for the College ward of Southwark Council in 2010 and 2014.
Bell was defeated in the 2008 election by Andrew Saxton.
He was a shadow transport minister until May 2010, with responsibility for aviation and shipping, and is a member of the Conservative Christian Fellowship.
She had previously served as Leader of Oxford City Council.
He originally worked as a printer, later becoming a steel erector.
He was first elected to Parliament at the Frontenac—Addington riding in a by-election on 22 July 1929 then re-elected there in the 1930 federal election.
Sri Lankabhimanya Lakshman Kadirgamar, PC was a Sri Lankan Tamil lawyer and statesmen.
He was the SNP Member of Parliament for Glasgow East from 2008 to 2010, and a Glasgow City Councillor from 1998 to 2008.
Ian Grant Wahn was a Canadian politician and lawyer.
She won the seat with a 51.8 percent two-party vote against Liberal National Party candidate Bill Glasson.
He practised medicine at Woodbridge from 1881.
Senanayake picked his Cabinet in 1952 this promising young man from Raja Rata, Maithripala Senanayake was appointed as Parliamentary Secretary to the Ministry of Home Affairs.
Mary Shirley Walters served as an Australian Senator for Tasmania from 13 December 1975 until 30 June 1993.
Corman attained a Bachelor of Applied Science degree at the University of Toronto.
He would have been a minor figure in Australia’s political history but for the events that followed his sudden death.
He established radio station 2CH and with Charles Kingsford-Smith and Charles Ulm established Australian National Airways.
However, he in turn was defeated in 1906 by Protectionist John Thomson.
Jacqueline Isobel "Jacqui" Dean is a New Zealand politician and the current Member of Parliament for the Waitaki electorate, where she represents the National Party.
He held Cowper until 1984, when he transferred to the new seat of Page.
After serving his only term, the 15th Canadian Parliament, McClenaghan was defeated in the 1926 election by Edgar-Rodolphe-Eugène Chevrier of the Liberals.
Sir Dryden Brook was a Labour Party politician in the United Kingdom, and a Member of Parliament from 1945 to 1955.
Moody was initially elected on 12 June 1878 to fill the vacancy created by the resignation of Frank Skeffington Carroll on 31 May 1878.
He failed to be re-elected at the 1977 parliamentary election after coming fifth.
She later attended Western Michigan University Cooley Law School, and began working as a legal professional for the city government of Mississauga.
Adamson served overseas in 1918, the last year of World War I, with the Royal Air Force as a Pilot Officer.
Thomas Jerome Kingston Bakhap was an Australian politician.
Yves Rocheleau was a member of the Canadian House of Commons from 1993 to 2004.
He was a Roman Catholic and hailed from a minority ethnic group Colombo Chetties.
He was first elected to Parliament at the Fraser Valley riding in the 1940 general election then re-elected in 1945 and 1949.
He was a merchant seaman, stationary engineer and steam engineer by career.
He was Minister of State for Foreign Affairs from 1997 to 1999.
He was a friend of the sick, of the afflicted and the underdog.
She stood down at the 2015 General Election.
She served as the Member of Parliament for South Thanet between the 2010 UK general election and 2015.
David Francis Jull was an Australian politician.
He was born in Doncaster and studied History at Huddersfield.
By the 1930 election, he became a member of the Liberal party and was re-elected at Chicoutimi in 1935 and 1940.
Fleming first stood for Parliament at the Devonport by-election in June 1865, when he was defeated by the Liberal Party candidate Thomas Brassey.
Born in Sydney, he attended Newcastle Boys High School and Newcastle Grammar School before becoming a business executive.
He represented the electoral district of Compton—Stanstead as a member of the New Democratic Party.
He was a company director and self-employed retailer before entering politics.
Marvin Howe was first elected at the Wellington—Huron riding in the 1953 general election, then re-elected there in 1957, 1958, 1962, 1963 and 1965.
It was whilst he was working for the railways that he became involved in socialism and the trade union movement.
William Malcolm Mott was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
He was an educational administrator and teacher by career.
He was elected at the 1922 general election as Member of Parliament for Stratford division of West Ham, and held the seat until 1945.
Irvine died at a nursing home in Simcoe, Ontario in July 1996.
In 1989, there were many assassination attempts made by the revolutionary group.
He was defeated in the elections of 1957 and 1958.
He resigned from Parliament on 6 December 1996, and was replaced in a by-election by Steve Dargavel, another ALP politician.
"If not the free market economy we would still be having scarcities, queues and we would be struggling like North Korea today.
Connolly was born in Sydney, Nova Scotia, the son of Richard Joseph Connolly and Annie Duffield.
Following the 1970 election, Coe worked in the arts world and went on to establish the British Youth Opera.
He was made Parliamentary Assistant to the Minister of Finance for three terms.
Thomas King was a 19th-century New Zealand politician.
This was instrumental in the loss of his Middlesex parliamentary seat in the 1790 general election.
Kavinda Jayawardane is a Sri Lankan medical doctor and politician.
Lucien Lamoureux, PC, OC was a Canadian politician and Speaker of the Canadian House of Commons from 1966 to 1974.
Finnigan announced his immediate parliamentary resignation on 12 November.
He also served for three years as reeve of North Dorchester, Ontario.
Sidney Cecil Robinson was a Conservative member of the Canadian House of Commons.
He died in 1977 in Edmonton at a veterans' retirement home and was interred at Bashaw Cemetery in Bashaw, Alberta.
His affiliation was mostly with the Liberal party except between 1944 and 1949 when he left the party to act as an "Independent Liberal" member.
Bennett previously represented the electorate of Waitakere, which was abolished prior to the 2014 general election.
He died in Sydney in 1976, and was buried in the Northern Suburbs Lawn Cemetery.
He returned to Government service at the Islington Railway Workshops of the South Australian Railways.
John Ferguson Godfrey, PC is a Canadian educator, journalist and former Member of Parliament.
In 1972, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Country Party member for McMillan, despite receiving only 16.6% of the primary vote.
Previously Shadow Minister for International Development, in the 2013 Labour reshuffle, Ali joined the Shadow Education team.
Born to a prominent family in Kandy, Dunuwille was educated at Trinity College, Kandy and Ceylon Law College.
He was elected at the November 2007 federal election, defeating the sitting Nationals member, De-Anne Kelly, in a major upset.
He was sent to Scotland for his education and graduated from St Andrews University.
He left the Labor Party in the wake of the 1916 split over conscription, joining the new Nationalist Party.
In 1996, he challenged Barry Cunningham in what was then the suburban-rural seat of McMillan, and won it on a large swing.
She was elected to a two-year term as the federal NDP's President on August 15, 2009, at the party's convention in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
He lost by over 4,500 votes to the Conservative John Hare, who had previously been MP for the also-abolished Woodbridge constituency.
Born in Cambewarra, New South Wales, he received a primary education, and moved to Queensland in 1890, where he was a dairy farmer.
He was first elected at the Coast Chilcotin riding in the 1974 general election and served in the 30th Canadian Parliament.
After the 2015 election, Boutin-Sweet was appointed the NDP Whip as well as the critic for Housing in the 42nd Canadian Parliament.
He won a narrow victory amidst Labor's strong victory at the 1930 election, defeating Country Party candidate Joe Lawson.
He became deputy reeve of that municipality in 1949 and reeve in 1951.
He was later appointed to the Senate, where he remained until his death in 1962.
Henderson died at Kingston General Hospital on 15 May 2006, aged 89.
In 1986 he was a candidate at the Social Credit leadership convention coming in fifth.
He is also the party's Shadow Minister of Correctional Services.
Sir Charles Ernest Statham was a New Zealand politician, and the ninth Speaker of the House of Representatives, from 1923 to 1935.
Following the reduction in Scottish constituencies in the British House of Commons under the Scotland Act 1998, that constituency was abolished for the 2005 general election.
Jackson was interviewed in 2012 as part of The History of Parliament's oral history project.
He was born on a farm in Bromptonville, Quebec in the Eastern Townships and was educated in Montreal at both English and French high schools.
His brother is Laurie Ferguson, also a long-serving federal MP.
While a fugitive, he was elected three times to the Canadian House of Commons, although he never assumed his seat.
Donald William Trevor Bruce, Baron Bruce of Donington was a British soldier, businessman and politician.
Born in Sydney, he was a company director, and served in the military 1942–45 – rank of Major.
Born in Belfast, Ireland in 1871, he was educated at the Collegiate School, Ballymena.
Rida Khan is a Pakistani politician who is currently a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan, belonging to the Pakistan Muslim League.
He was first elected at the Kent riding in the 1962 general election, defeating incumbent Harold Danforth of the Progressive Conservative party.
is a British Labour Party politician who was the Member of Parliament for East Kilbride, Strathaven and Lesmahagow 2010–2015.
He was born in Bunbury, Western Australia, and was educated at the University of Western Australia, graduating in 1970 with degrees in medicine and surgery.
He was on the anaesthetics registrar at the Royal Adelaide Hospital.
He first attempted to win Quebec's Stanstead riding in the 1957 federal election but lost to Louis-Édouard Roberge of the Liberal party.
Sever was elected Member of Parliament for Birmingham Ladywood in a by-election in 1977.
As of September 2009, Forseth is again a Conservative candidate.
During World War II, he served as a lieutenant with the Irish Regiment of Canada and was wounded in Italy in 1944.
Wilfred John Brimblecombe, CBE was an Australian politician.
He remained the MP until his death in 1967, when his daughter Whetu Tirikatene-Sullivan succeeded to the seat, also in a by-election.
He is a member of the National Party.
William Thomas Bain is a Scottish Labour Party politician who was the Member of Parliament for Glasgow North East from 2009 to 2015.
He was knighted in 1967, and died in 1981; a year before his death, he published a biography of Sir Robert Menzies.
He conducted postgraduate work in Europe and became a Member of the Royal College of Surgeons in London, England.
10 School Authority and elected member of the Woodland County Council.
Kinley was Member of Parliament for Bootle from 1929 to 1931 and from 1945 to 1955, preceding Simon Mahon.
He had been on the Borough Council since 1897.
In 2002 she was made an honorary fellow of the University of Wolverhampton.
She then worked as a secondary school teacher at Kerang High School and Nhill High School.
Alexander Asum-Ahensah is a Ghanaian politician and educationist.
Walter Franklyn Matthews was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
Iain Malone Luke is a former Labour Party politician and former Member of Parliament in the United Kingdom.
He became a member of the Medical Research Council in 1965.
Gordon Sinclair Davidson CBE was an Australian politician.
Armstrong was educated at Wolsingham Grammar School and City of Leeds Teacher Training College, and ultimately became a headmaster.
James Alexander Lovat-Fraser was a British Labour Party and then National Labour politician.
After Labor's defeat at the 2013 federal election, she was appointed Shadow Minister for Regional Development, Local Government and Employment Services.
Dodd was elected Member of Parliament for Maidstone, Kent on 29 June 1841 and held the seat until 1853.
Robert John Wilson was Labour MP for Jarrow.
He was also involved in the preparation of plans for the new Parliament House in Canberra as Chairman of a special Parliamentary Joint Select Committee.
He left the Council in 1934 to contest the Australian Senate as a UAP candidate for New South Wales, in which he was successful.
Heather Rafe was born in 1960 in London.
He was the father of Canadian aviator Dan McIvor.
She also served on the Select Committee on Intervention in Childbirth, Select Committee on Heavy Transport and the Select Committee on Crime Prevention.
He was the Member of Parliament for the riding of Esquimalt—Juan de Fuca in British Columbia, Canada from 1993 to 2011.
At Jean-de-Brébeuf, she became politically active by founding the NDP campus club.
On Sunday, 7 December 1958, Dye joined protesters blockading the airbase, at Swaffham, in his constituency - the intended site of intermediate range nuclear missiles.
After several unsuccessful attempts to become an MP, he was elected to Parliament to represent North East Somerset in 2010.
Brownbill was born in Newtown, a suburb of Geelong in 1864.
Beant Singh was an Indian politician and the Chief Minister of Punjab from 1992 to 1995.
Fitzpatrick also ran in the Canadian federal election, 1993 for the Reform Party of Canada in the riding of Mackenzie but he lost.
He was first elected at the Middlesex West riding in the 1940 general election and re-elected there in 1945, 1949 and 1953.
Richard L. Casson PC is a Canadian politician.
She is the current Minister of Status of Women in the 29th Canadian Ministry, sworn in on January 10, 2017.
His brother, Wilfred Paling, was also a Labour MP and held positions as Minister of Pensions and then Postmaster General in the labour Government of 1945–1951.
Robert McCubbin was inducted into the Middlesex County Hall of Fame in 2008, which was accepted by his 3 nephews: Bruce, Paul and Ronald McCubbin.
128 Infantry Brigade, winning the Territorial Decoration, and becoming ADCTA to the Queen.
Edmund Frederick Lorensz "Fred" de Silva, MBE was a Sri Lankan lawyer and politician.
Robertson was defeated by Ben Thompson of the Progressive Conservative party in the 1957 election.
Suzanne Kay "Sue" Boyce, Australian politician, businesswoman and disability advocate, is a former member of the Australian Senate for Queensland.
Originally a nurse, she moved from Ontario to Surrey, British Columbia in 1981 where she worked as a nursing educator.
After the 2015 election, Davies was named as the NDP critic for Health for the 42nd Parliament.
Arabella Susan Lawrence was a British Labour Party politician, one of the earliest female Labour MPs.
Andrew John Julian Bartlett is a former Australian politician.
He was born in Bergeronnes, Quebec and became a manager by career.
Lawson, convinced that he had jeopardised the government, resigned anyway, on 23 February 1940.
Beki Adam is an English journalist, broadcaster, researcher, farmer, former nun and political activist.
He became a Winnipeg alderman around 1895 and served in that role until his election as Mayor for 1900.
Prior to being elected, Faille was a consultant and project coordinator.
A member of the Labor Party, he was elected to the New South Wales Legislative Assembly in 1973, representing the seat of Drummoyne.
Bell attended school at Saint John, and later became a member of the Military Hospital Commission in World War I.
The couple had one daughter and two sons of their own.
She served as the sector minister for Manpower Development and Employment from 2001 to 2003 and Minister of Mines between 2003 and 2005.
In 1991, he became Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of State for Finance and Privatization.
The Ethics Committee attracted high profile attention when it investigated allegations surrounding Karlheinz Schreiber’s dealings with former Prime Minister Brian Mulroney.
He was re-elected for further federal terms in 1949, 1953 and 1957.
Angus Alexander Elderkin was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
R J Davies died at his home in Porthcawl, Glamorgan, in 1954, aged 77.
Laurin was particularly interested in sports and was a member of the Canadian team to an international event at Nancy, France in 1911.
He was defeated in the 1965 election.
He served in that legislature until his defeat in the 1921 provincial election.
However he was appointed as the governor of the North Central Province in the same year which he held until his death.
Aisha Syed is a Pakistani politician who is currently a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan, belonging to the Jamaat-e-Islami Pakistan.
He was defeated at the 1946 election, but in 1950 entered the Victorian Legislative Assembly as the member for Grant.
He is currently the CEO of the Tasmanian Pacing Club.
He attended primary school before becoming an engine driver and journalist in South Australia's mining districts, subsequently moving to Broken Hill, where he married Elizabeth Poole.
Ernest Preston Manning, PC CC AOE is a conservative Canadian politician.
Bandula Lal Bandarigoda is a Sri Lankan politician.
She represented the district of Compton—Stanstead from 2004 to 2011.
In June 2017 she was re-elected with a majority of over 12,000, defeating Mary Macleod for the second time in as many elections 
In September 1998, Graham was expelled from the Labour Party for "bringing the party into disrepute", despite his categorical denials of any wrongdoing.
Perry unsuccessfully contested Harborough at the 1964 general election.
He served in Parliament for four years until his defeat in the 1949 federal election.
Born in Dundee in Scotland, where he became an apprentice grocer at the age of 14, he migrated to Australia in 1912.
Prior to his federal political experience, he served on King Township council as reeve of the township in 1908.
He died in 1980, at the age of 50 whilst watching his beloved Millwall.
McCullough was defeated in 1958 by Richard Southam of the Progressive Conservative party.
He won the election and entered Parliament.
Shory held a consultation in Calgary with industry and business leaders from across Manitoba to discuss a renewal of the government's global commerce strategy.
She is currently chair of the board of trustees for the National Breast Cancer Foundation.
Joan Child, AO was an Australian politician.
Collins was born at Mount Bryan, the seventh son of pastoralist Henry Collins.
In 1906 he succeeded Sam Woods as the area's agent for the Lancashire and Cheshire Miners' Federation, and was the organisation's vice-president in 1929.
Laila Khan is a Pakistani politician who is currently a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan, belonging to the Pakistan Muslim League.
He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons in the 1908 election as a Member of the Conservative Party to represent the riding of Selkirk.
He was a London County Councillor from 1907 to 1910, and during the First World War, he was secretary of the Royal Patriotic Fund Corporation.
Born in Mackay, Queensland, he was a solicitor before entering politics.
New Democratic Party candidate Raymond D'Auteuil attracted younger urban voters whom Liberal campaigners admittedly ignored.
He was first elected to Parliament at the Glengarry riding in the 1935 general election.
In 1983, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Labor member for Chifley.
David Leigh Kerr was a Labour Party politician in the United Kingdom.
He died on the day of the 1964 general election.
Malone won Renfrew South in the 1925 general election and was re-elected there in 1926 and 1930.
At the 1945 general election, he was elected as Member of Parliament for Rother Valley.
Noon was also the Political Adviser of Prime Minister of Bangladesh Begum Khaleda Zia.
After serving only one short term, the 25th Parliament, Gagnon was defeated in the 1963 federal election by Rosaire Gendron of the Liberal party.
In 1943, he left the federal Liberals to join the Bloc populaire party which was opposed to World War II conscription.
Gauthier was re-elected for successive terms there in 1953 and 1957 then defeated by Roger Parizeau of the Progressive Conservative party in the 1958 election.
Chaudhry Nazeer Ahmad is a Pakistani politician who is currently a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan, belonging to the Pakistan Muslim League.
In 1895 he went to Western Australia to search for gold, but in fact became a printer for the Coolgardie Miner.
McAdam unsuccessfully contested Barkly as an independent at the 2016 election, losing to his successor Gerry McCarthy.
He married, but his wife died before him.
He died in 1949, at his home in the Sydney suburb of Manly.
Dionne's education included studies at Rimouski Seminary and Université Laval.
Raguse gained Labor pre-selection to contest the normally safe Liberal seat of Forde at the 2007 federal election.
Never a frontbencher, Janner was particularly known for his work on Select Committees; he chaired the Select Committee on Employment for a time.
De Fonseka took an active part in the country's struggle for universal suffrage and self-determination.
He has served in the past as a member of the Northern Ireland Assembly, and as Minister of Finance in the Northern Ireland Executive.
He moved to Armidale in 1907 as a farm-hand and in 1913 he married Pearl Hilda Victoria Goode, daughter of a grazier in Uralla.
In 1947, he was elected to the Western Australian Legislative Assembly as the Liberal member for Middle Swan, where he remained until 1949.
He is known for his opposition to Britain's membership of the European Union and to economic migration.
Gray attended Sarnia Collegiate then Osgoode Hall Law School then attended Harvard University for post-graduate studies.
He is the former Bloc Québécois Member of Parliament for the riding of Abitibi—Baie-James—Nunavik—Eeyou.
John Oliver is a politician in Ontario, Canada.
In the Fifth National Government, Hide was Minister of Local Government, Associate Minister of Commerce and Minister of Regulatory Reform until 2011.
When David Miliband resigned from this seat in 2013, it was Donnelly that he wrote his resignation letter to.
He is a member of the Convention Peoples' Party.
He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons in the 1896 election to represent the riding of Kingston.
Since September 2016, Stuart has served as Chair of Vote Leave's successor organisation, Change Britain.
After obtaining a diploma in business administration from La Cité collégiale, he attended the University of Ottawa, where he earned a bachelor's degree in commerce.
John Neil Andrew, AO is a former Australian politician.
Bell was appointed the aide-de-camp to the Governor-General of Australia.
Peters was also active in prison reform, and regularly lobbied for fairer treatment of non-unionized government employees.
He is a former talk radio presenter with Radio Sonder Grense.
Heidi Alexander is a British Labour Party politician who has been the Member of Parliament for Lewisham East since the 2010 general election.
She lost her endorsement as ALP candidate for Isaacs in March 2006 to Mark Dreyfus QC.
Clarke was elected to represent the riding of Beauport—Limoilou in the House of Commons of Canada in the Canadian federal election, 2015.
Gordon Timlin Purdy was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
He retired from that business in 1969, the year after he left federal politics due to poor health.
In 1992 he was appointed to the Coalition front bench as Shadow Minister for Business, Industry and Regional Development.
Albert William James was an Australian politician.
Anne McLaughlin is an SNP member and was the Member of Parliament for Glasgow North East from 2015 to June 2017.
She was educated at Ranelagh School in Bracknell, the University of Winchester and City University, London, and previously stood unsuccessfully for Parliament in Bracknell in 1997.
Sir Barnett Stross was a British doctor and politician.
& NZ Fellow Governance Institute of Australia Fellow Institute of Chartered Secretaries Justice of the Peace Qld.
He returned to the House when he won a by-election in the seat of Wilmot in 1904, but he was again defeated at the 1906 election.
He was the only MP to ever represent that constituency.
He attended Guelph Collegiate Vocational Institute then Queen's University where he graduated with a Bachelor of Science in 1933.
He lost in the elections of 1878 and 1882.
John Andrew Arthur was an Australian politician and briefly Minister for External Affairs.
Michael L. Wallace is a Canadian politician.
Isaac Duncan MacDougall was a National Government, Conservative and Progressive party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
In 1952 Kirk was a Canadian delegate to the Seventh General Conference of UNESCO in Paris.
Roy McWilliam's sister was the noted Miramichi historian Edith McAllister.
At the 1931 general election, Mallalieu was elected as the Liberal Party Member of Parliament for Colne Valley.
Howe Yoon Chong DUBC PJG was a Minister in the Cabinet of Singapore and a member of parliament for Potong Pasir from 1979 to 1984.
In the 2015 election, Rodriguez defeated Ayala in a re-match.
As Minister for Aboriginal Affairs, he was instrumental in the Whitlam Government's historic land rights deal with Vincent Lingiari and the Gurindji people.
Maloney again lost to incumbent, Malcolm Allen.
Mark Willson Rose was a New Democratic Party politician in Canada, active on both the federal and provincial levels.
He is Co-Leader of the National Health Action Party.
He married Catherine Burns in 1928; with whom he had 1 daughter, Catherine.
William Alfred Sheat was a New Zealand Member of Parliament for two Taranaki electorates.
He again defeated Glover in the 1945 federal election by which time Fraser's party had become the Progressive Conservatives and was re-elected again in 1949.
Black served in both the Canadian House of Commons and the Nova Scotia House of Assembly.
Gord Brown was elected to Parliament in 2004 and has been re-elected in three subsequent elections.
He was a representative from the Kandy District for the United National Party in the Parliament of Sri Lanka.
John Morgan was a British Labour Party politician.
In 1829, he became a member of the newly extended Legislative Council.
From 1977 he was Opposition Spokesman on Transport, moving to Works and Water Resources in 1980 and back to Transport in 1981.
His younger brother Steve went on to become an influential rowing coach at the club.
Kerby became a businessman, focusing mainly on aviation, and became prominent among ex-servicemen's causes; he held the leadership of the RSL.
McNevin attended public and continuation schools in Victoria County, Ontario.
He was a member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly from 1912 to 1928 and a member of the Australian House of Representatives from 1928 to 1954.
After an unsuccessful bid for the Chapleau riding in the 1957 federal election, Martel was elected there in the 1958 election.
After spending a year in Pittsburgh he moved to Toronto where he established a wholesale fruit and commission business.
During World War I, he served overseas with the 12th Battery, Canadian Field Artillery in France.
Richard "Rick" Crouch is a South African politician and City Councillor in the eThekwini Metropolitan Municipality representing the official opposition Democratic Alliance.
He also participated in the Fenian Raids between 1866 and 1871.
He was a school guidance counsellor in the Jonquière area and became a church deacon in 1988.
Lavinia and graduated from the University of Ceylon.
In the 1953 Federal Election Wright was defeated by Gardiner, ending his federal political career.
Siradiou Diallo, a Fulani, was a Guinean journalist and politician of the opposition party Union for Progress and Renewal.
Seamus Thomas Harris O'Regan, MP, is a Canadian politician and former television personality from Newfoundland and Labrador.
She is a candidate for president of the NDP.
He did not stand for re-election in 1949.
After leaving school he worked in a variety of jobs, including as a seaman and in a chemical factory, before becoming a docker on Liverpool Docks.
In 1940, he was appointed to the Canadian senate upon the advice of Mackenzie King to the senate division of Provencher, Manitoba.
In February 1975 he joined the Liberal party.
He served as a councillor on Coventry City Council.
Morris served in the military 1939-1944, in Britain, Tobruk and Egypt; rising to the rank of Major.
Cairns was born and educated in Sydney at St Joseph's College, Hunters Hill.
Arkins returned to the New South Wales Legislative Assembly, winning Dulwich Hill in 1938 and holding it until 1941.
At that time, he became Chief Minister with greatly expanded powers.
Dugald Ranald Ross Munro was an Australian politician.
He was Private Secretary to Billy Snedden, then became a diplomat.
She was educated at Normanton Girls' High School and Stockwell Training College.
At the February 1974 general election, Dean was elected as Member of Parliament for Leeds West.
In 1955, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for Tasmania.
John Adamson CBE was an English-born Australian politician.
Hector James McIvor, OBE was an Australian politician.
David Gifford Leathes Prior, Baron Prior of Brampton is currently Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Health in the House of Lords.
He was born in Lévis, Quebec and became a contractor, editor and industrialist.
Alfred James Wellbeloved was a British politician.
Colonel Donald Cameron, was awarded the MC and OBE.
He served for one term, the 24th Canadian Parliament, until he was defeated by Gérard Laprise of the Social Credit party in the 1962 election.
Matthews had been a broadcasting technician and unionist in Auckland; he was first president of the Radio Workers Union and worker’s representative on the Arbitration Court.
Max met his bride, Miss Charlotte Vickers Graham in the years that followed.
He was assistant Minister of Agriculture from December 1929 to May 1932.
He was first elected at the Shefford riding in the 1965 general election.
He was a schoolteacher for 18 years, based in Norwich five years into this career.
He was active in Apex and foreign aid organisations.
He was born in Richmond Township, Lennox and Addington County, Canada West and became a farmer and minister.
He resigned his seat for Robert Stanfield who had not secure a seat in 1965, the recently elected Leader of the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada.
Anthony Wayland Wright is a British Labour Party politician and author, who was the Member of Parliament for Cannock Chase from 1997 to 2010.
He entered the seminary in 1982 and became a priest.
He was defeated by Davie Fulton of the Progressive Conservative party in the 1945 election.
In October 2016, she was appointed by Jeremy Corbyn as Shadow Minister for Diverse Communities, but resigned on 1 February 2017.
He served in the RAF from 1972 to 2009 and was the first Commander-in-Chief Air Command.
Between 1871 and 1875 he was President of the Edinburgh and Leith Trades Council and from 1890 to 1895 a member of Leith Town Council.
He died of heart failure at the age of 78.
Mannapperuma was returned to parliament in 2015 from the Gampaha District.
He is the current leader of the Communist Party of Sri Lanka, a member of the United People's Freedom Alliance.
Fred Longden was a British Labour Co-operative politician.
Ross was a senior quality control engineer at Timex and joined Labour Party in 1973.
He is also co-author of peer reviewed scientific publications, including:
John Fingland Mason is a Scottish politician, and the Scottish National Party Member of the Scottish Parliament for Glasgow Shettleston.
Rideout did not seek a third term in Parliament and left federal politics in 1997.
He held numerous ministerial positions between 1941 and 1956 including Minister for Health and Minister for Transport.
He was succeeded by Sarah McCarthy-Fry MP.
John Cameron Pallett was a Canadian lawyer and politician.
Teresa Gambaro is an Australian former politician and member of the Liberal National Party.
A. Anne McLellan, PC OC AOE is a Canadian academic and politician.
Bernard John Hayhoe, Baron Hayhoe, PC was a British Conservative politician.
In 1908, he was appointed King's Counsel.
He was a soldier in the Ulster Defence Regiment from 1982–92 and its successor the Royal Irish Regiment from 1992–99.
Goodwill was appointed Children's Minister at the Department of Education in the Second May ministry, during the June 2017 reshuffle.
James Luke Cavanagh was an Australian politician and government minister.
Robert James Henderson was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
Nadeem Abbas Rebaira is a Pakistani politician who is currently a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan, belonging to the Pakistan Muslim League.
After his discharge from the army, Kent Hughes attended Oxford and represented Australia in athletics as a hurdler at the 1920 Summer Olympics in Antwerp.
He has been Member of the Riksdag since 2002, representing Stockholm County, and was leader of the Social Democrats in the Riksdag from 2012 to 2014.
Jacinta Mary Ann Collins, is an Australian Labor Party member of the Australian Senate.
Hueglin also expressed discomfort over the "neoconservative" aspects of Alliance policy, which he feared might dominate the policies of the new party.
Born in Nhill, Victoria, he was educated at state schools and at the University of Melbourne before becoming a schoolteacher and farmer in rural Victoria.
Ryman held off a strong challenge from Milne in the 1979 general election, holding his seat with a majority of over 7,000.
Born in Ripley, Ontario, he graduated from Osgoode Hall Law School in 1940.
Joshua Nii Laryea Afotey-Agbo is a Ghanaian politician and the Greater Accra Regional Minister of Ghana.
Joseph Gérard Yves Leduc was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
Stuart Kingsley Holland is an academic economist and former British Labour politician.
He returned to the House in 1961, defeating Chresby.
He subsequently served on the executive of the Miners' Federation of Great Britain.
He was Labour Member of Parliament for St Pancras South West from 1945 to 1950.
He had also served as Ceylon's High Commissioner to Pakistan.
In the 1926 election he was defeated by William Pattison Telford, Jr. of the Liberals.
Anthony Rota is a Canadian politician and political science professor at Nipissing University.
Ronnie Cowan is a Scottish National Party politician.
Glyn was educated at Worcester College, Oxford, where he read law.
He was first elected at the Middlesex West riding in the 1957 general election then re-elected there in 1958, 1962, 1963 and 1965.
At the 1903 election he contested the seat of Denison, but was defeated by the Protectionist candidate, Sir Philip Fysh.
Cross defeated him in another rematch in 1980.
He served in this capacity until he was dropped in a cabinet reshuffle in January 2010.
Charles Deblois was a member of the Canadian House of Commons from 1988 to 1993.
An engineer by training, he later went into business as a builder's merchant.
He was never a significant parliamentarian, despite his entertaining manner, and was mainly a representative of rural issues.
He was Deputy Chair of Committees of the Whole between 1963 and 1965 and Chairperson of the Special Committee on a Canadian flag.
He was first elected to Parliament at the Ontario riding in the 1925 general election then re-elected there in 1926.
He served only one term, until the constituency was abolished in boundary changes for the 1950 general election.
Deputy Minister for the ministry of Mahaweli Development and Environment.
He wrote a book of short stories titled "Poorna Viplavaya" in collaboration with his wife, Rani Iriyagolla Menike.
Marlene Cowling was a member of the House of Commons of Canada from 1993 to 1997 in the Dauphin—Swan River electoral district.
Reginald John Burchell was an Australian politician.
Azel Randolph Lusby was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
This incident took place minutes after the Minister declared open a branch of Building Materials Corporation in Jaffna.
He was a horticulturalist, and served on West Torrens Council.
He held the seat until his defeat in 1969.
John Henry Keating was an Australian politician.
He was born in Wick, Caithness, Scotland and became a merchant by career.
Robinson was first elected to Parliament at the Simcoe East riding in the 1945 general election then re-elected for successive terms in 1949 and 1953.
Henry George Pearce was an Australian politician.
Sharp was responsible for the privatisation of Australia's capital city airports,, raising more than $12 billion.
Cheeseman sought Labor preselection for Corangamite in 2015, but was defeated by Surf Coast Shire Councillor Libby Coker.
At the time of death he was serving as the Chairman of The Law and Society Trust in Sri Lanka.
Chen Show Mao, JD, is a Taiwanese-born Singaporean politician and lawyer.
During his long career, he had one-to-one meetings with Nicolae Ceausescu, Saddam Hussein, President Assad, Robert Mugabe and many other world leaders.
Entering politics, she stood as a candidate for the 1983 general election, in the Anetan/Ewa constituency.
He was Assistant Secretary of the Union of Post Office Workers.
Silvia Joy Smith is an Australian politician.
Abdullah was also the Deputy Speaker of Parliament from 1989 to 1993 before becoming the Speaker of Parliament on 25 March 2002,.
In local government, Parsons was mayor of the Corporate Town of Gladstone from 1914 to 1916.
Compton was re-elected in 1924 and in 1929, but was defeated at the 1931 general election.
He was the first Cabinet Minister of Industries, Industrial Research and Fisheries in independent Sri Lanka, a Member of Parliament & State Council.
The song "Umqombothi" was featured in the opening scene of the 2004 movie Hotel Rwanda.
Liberal Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau led a minority.
Paul Evans Aidoo is a Ghanaian teacher and politician.
Gardner was made a justice of the peace in 1913.
He also sat as a member of various standing committees including Agriculture, Fisheries and Forestry and Public Accounts.
He opposed the government on a number of measures.
Richard "Rick" Dykstra is a Canadian politician.
Samuel Finney Labour Party politician United Kingdom.
As homage to him the school has named one of its houses after him—Kennaway.
He worked as a carpenter and then as an undertaker, and was a member of the Australian Workers' Union.
John Samuel Potts was a Labour Party politician in the United Kingdom who served a Member of Parliament for twelve years between 1922 and 1938.
He remained in the Senate until his retirement in 1996.
He was educated at Catholic schools before becoming a clerk, as well as an organiser of the Australian Workers' Union.
Bradbury was the son of William Murray Bradbury and Matilda Morrow, immigrants from Ireland, and was educated in Ottawa.
He was later elected to Lennox as a Liberal in 1891.
James Hutchison was a Labor representative in the South Australian House of Assembly and the Australian House of Representatives.
That constituency was in turn abolished for the 1955 general election, when he was returned to the House of Commons for the re-established Nottingham West seat.
She was twice member of the Lower house of Parliament.
He was born in Melbourne and educated at the University of Adelaide and Wattle Park Teachers College.
He died on 23 December 1996, in the intensive care unit at North Tees Hospital, where he was being treated after a road accident.
Sir George Claude Stanley Corea, KBE was a Sri Lankan politician and diplomat.
In 1872, he married Sara Jane Leavitt.
Alick Laidlaw Buchanan-Smith was a Scottish Conservative and Unionist politician.
He became a BSc in 1886 and a BA in 1892 at London University.
She became a board member of the local party in Vienna in 2006, and was elected to the National Council the same year.
Ray Boughen is a Canadian politician, who was elected to represent the electoral district of Palliser in the 2008 Canadian federal election.
Marquis was educated at Sainte-Anne-de-Beaupré, Sainte-Anne-de-la-Pocatière and at the Quebec Seminary.
Currently she is the chairman and president of The Stronach Group and chairman of Acasta Capital.
He is popularly referred to as E. T. Mensah.
He was educated at the University of Melbourne and was appointed government analyst in Western Australia in 1895 and set up the government laboratory in Perth.
David McKenzie Wright was a Conservative member of the Canadian House of Commons.
Brahmi did not stand in the 2015 federal election.
In 2005, Asselin joined five other Bloc Québécois members opposing Bill C-38, which extended marriage rights to same-sex couples in Canada.
Born in Tasmania, he was educated in that state at Latrobe, becoming a painter and an official of the Painters' Union.
In 1953 he returned to the House as the member for Corangamite, having been elected in the by-election that followed the death of Allan McDonald.
Senathirajah Jeyanandamoorthy is a Sri Lankan Tamil politician and former Member of Parliament.
He is the incumbent Member of Parliament for Belfast North, and has been deputy leader of the Democratic Unionist Party since June 2008.
He briefly served as Labor member for Denison in the Tasmanian House of Assembly in 1959.
A graduate from York University's Glendon College in 1969, he subsequently received his MA from the same university in 2004.
He was defeated in 1930 but re-elected in 1932.
Frank Kingsley Griffith was a British Liberal Party politician, barrister and County Court judge.
He was first elected at the Ottawa Centre riding in the 1972 general election, then re-elected there in the 1974 election.
In the 2000 election, he defeated a candidate of the Canadian Alliance by over 7,000 votes.
William Howell Arthur Thomas was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons in the 1979 federal election as the Progressive Conservative Member of Parliament for Brampton—Georgetown outside of Toronto.
He is elected as a Member of parliament, Lok Sabha from Morena, Madhya Pradesh.
Chagger was elected as a Liberal member of the House of Commons of Canada in the 2015 Canadian election.
Later due to some discrepancies, he joined the United National Party and then became the mayor of Galle again.
Sivasunderam was born on 2 October 1904.
He was a PhD candidate in Public Health and Health Systems at Maastricht University.
Francis Matthew John Baker was an Australian politician and vice-president of the State Service Union.
He subsequently held the post of chairman of the English and Scottish Joint Co-operative Society, was a director of the Manchester Ship Canal Company.
In 1917, Lister was elected as a Nationalist to the Australian House of Representatives as the member for Corio, defeating Labor MP Alfred Ozanne.
He had little formal education and was apprenticed at an early age as a bootmaker.
William Herbert Wood was an Australian politician.
He is a pro-European social democrat and a disciple of the late Anthony Crosland.
Prior to entering politics, Mulcair was a senior civil servant in the Quebec provincial government, ran a private law practice, and taught law at university level.
Running again four years later, he defeated Brown and was elected to the House of Commons.
He died in Orono, Ontario in 1932.
During World War I, Hannesson joined the Canadian Expeditionary Force and saw action in France.
Gélinas was a Wing Commander in the Royal Canadian Air Force during World War II.
Raymond Thomas "Ray" Connor is a former Australian politician.
Joseph Thomas Price was a British trade unionist and Labour Party politician.
He was the Member of Parliament for Northampton South from 2005 to 2015.
He is the most recent Labor representative for the Division of Grey, as the area has been held by the Liberal Party ever since.
He was born in Fitchburg, Massachusetts, United States, the son of Edmund K. Laflamme and Célina Blais.
He was expelled by the Labour Party for breaching the Party's constitution in bringing the Party in disrepute, on 11 October 2010.
Forseth co-chaired the sub-committee which held in-camera investigative hearings.
Jayewardene also decreed that all United National Party parliamentarians, whose electoral districts had not supported the referendum, would have to run in a by-election.
On 17 March 2017, Rita Saffioti was appointed to her current role as Minister for Transport, Planning and Lands.
Gordon Knapman Fraser was a National Government and Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
In August 1958, he was created a life peer as Baron Taylor, of Harlow in the County of Essex.
Guy Rouleau was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
Kwabena Okyere Darko-Mensah is a Ghanaian politician and the current Member of Parliament for the Takoradi constituency in the Western Region of Ghana.
On 18 November, the Supreme Court referred the cases of the five arrested doctors and nurses for inciting workers to strike.
He grew up in Toronto, where he and Charlie Angus founded the Toronto punk band L'Étranger.
He was appointed to the Federal Court of Australia by the Hawke Labor government, serving from 27 June 1984 to 4 October 1987.
He was educated by correspondence and at Miling State School and later worked as a cartage contractor while studying accountancy.
Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of National Revenue, 1984
He serves as a member for the National League for Democracy's Central Executive Committee.
Thomson first ran for the leadership of the Ontario Liberal Party in 1943 but came in fourth place losing to Harry Nixon.
By career, he was a businessman and a bailiff.
He was a member of the States of North Brabant between 10 March 2011 and 3 October 2014, where he served as party leader.
His appointment with the AIF was formally terminated on 23 July 1920.
From 1945 to 1948, he was the parliamentary assistant to the Minister of Finance.
He served as Secretary to the Treasury between 1979 and 1984, and as a Senator for Queensland representing the National Party from 1987 to 1990.
Coutts died in 1997 and was buried in Nudgee Cemetery.
He was involved in the establishment of the Australian Labor Party between 1895 and 1900.
Sir Robert Archdale Parkhill KCMG was an Australian politician.
31 Squadron and was involved in the South West Pacific.
At the February 1974 general election, Clemitson was elected as Member of Parliament for Luton East.
Rana Muhammad Hayat Khan is a Pakistani politician who is currently a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan, belonging to the Pakistan Muslim League.
He also had a long record of public service as a member of the Royston Urban District and Council, being chairman several times.
Patrick Charles Martyn Nicholls was the Conservative MP for Teignbridge between 1983 and 2001.
He held seats in three parliaments: the South Australian Legislative Assembly, the Australian House of Representatives and the Western Australian Legislative Assembly.
His son Charles Joseph Morrissy also served in the House of Commons.
She was the daughter of Sir Eric Harrison.
He is also a member of the Delegation to the EU-Turkey Joint Parliamentary Committee and Delegation to the EU-Armenia, EU-Azerbaijan and EU-Georgia Parliamentary Cooperation Committees.
Following his retirement from politics, Ainsworth was appointed UK Chair of the Big Lottery Fund and, later, Chairman of the Churches Conservation Trust.
In 1966, he was elected as an alderman in Owen Sound, where he served until his election to the House of Commons.
He served at Gallipoli and Sinai, and was promoted from the rank of lieutenant to captain, to major and finally, to lieutenant colonel.
She was the first female Leader of the Opposition in Canadian history.
Shaw died of a stroke aged 68 and is survived by his wife of 38 years, Dione, and their son and two daughters.
He was severely wounded, and invalided out of the Army in 1945 with the rank of Captain.
In September 1983, he was given a life peerage as Baron Dean of Beswick, of West Leeds in the County of West Yorkshire.
He was formerly Chair of the Metropolitan Police Authority and the first Statutory Deputy Mayor for Policing.
In 1997, he became the General Manager of Roetin Industries Canada.
In 2005 Sharp became deputy chairman of Regional Express Airlines.
He was an investment counsellor and property manager by career.
He married Joan Hovard in 1951 and they had three sons and two daughters.
For the modern United Nations organization, see Global Alliance for ICT and Development.
His views on Northern Ireland led him to be tagged "I.R.
Richard M. Harris is a Canadian politician.
He defeated 3 other candidates to win the Camrose electoral district.
Petitpas Taylor grew up in Dieppe, and graduated from the Université de Moncton with a bachelor's degree in social work.
He has been a member of the House of Representatives since 2011.
He unsuccessfully sought Liberal Reform Party preselection for a 1910 state by-election, but instead was appointed as organising secretary of the party's Upper Hunter Electorate Council.
Sir Roger James Gale is a British Conservative politician who has served as the Member of Parliament for North Thanet in Kent since 1983.
Born in Ballaarat, Victoria, he received a primary education before becoming an apprentice printer.
From February 1956 until December 1972 he was the Labor Party Whip in the House.
He is a current member of the parliament of Sri Lanka for Galle District.
McLennan was married twice: to Louise Bradley in 1881 and to Grace Henoys Tytus in 1915.
Christine "Chrissy" Sharp is a former Australian politician.
On 8 March 2007 Karunaratne was appointed to a "Select Committee of Parliament to look into the alarming increase in Traffic Accidents"
In the by-election for his seat the Labour candidate William Jowitt was returned unopposed.
William Bromfield was an English trade unionist and Labour Party politician from Leek in Staffordshire.
He represented Bellechasse in the Canadian House of Commons from 1911 to 1916 as a Conservative.
Albert Fritz is a South African politician, currently Minister of Social Development in the government of the Western Cape province of South Africa.
In December 2005, he was elected as the sole member of the Iraqi Council of Representatives on the ITF list.
Shaw was knighted in 1987 in recognition of his service as a Member of Parliament.
George Irvine Whiteside was an Australian politician.
When Ronald Reagan addressed the Parliament of Canada in 1987, Benjamin heckled him by crying "he's mad!"
She was a City of Blue Mountains councillor from 1991 until 1993 when she was elected to federal parliament.
She served on the Agriculture Select Committee 1975–87.
Edgar Hughes Degenaart Russell was an Australian politician.
Alexander McEachian "Alex" Gallacher is an Australian politician and member of the Australian Labor Party.
In 1984, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for Western Australia.
In 1931, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the United Australia Party member for Franklin, defeating sitting Labor MP Charles Frost.
James Sydney Clark "Jim" Fleming, PC is a former Canadian broadcaster and politician.
Kanagasabai declined re-nomination for the 2010 parliamentary election.
Edmund Jowett was an Australian politician and an early deputy leader of the Australian Country Party.
John Baird Finlay was a member of the Canadian House of Commons from 1993 to 2004.
Naive or optimistic, or just unappreciative of war culture, Allaun was a straight up-and-down idealist.
Lamoureux won re-election by a margin of 5,000 votes.
In 1913 he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for Queensland.
In his tribute to him, sitting Liberal Finance Minister and another WA Senator Mathias Cormann described his predecessor as "a real pillar of the Hawke Government".
Mills' age led to him being nicknamed "Uncle Joe" by The Sunday Times.
Per James Webb, The Occult Underground, Pole edited a Theosophical publication Theosophy in Scotland among his many Theosophical endeavors.
A year later he became Minister for the Capital Territory.
You do not see too many bulldozer drivers in parliament today; in fact, you do not see too many self-educated people coming into this place."
Ronald Leslie Doyle "Ron" Boswell is a former Australian politician.
He was subsequently appointed to the Supreme Court of the Australian Capital Territory and the Supreme Court of the Northern Territory.
Chynoweth re-contested the redistributed Dunkley but lost to Liberal candidate Bruce Billson.
In 1981 he left the Labour Party for the new Social Democratic Party.
Poyser sat in the Senate until his retirement in 1975.
He was then appointed the Minister of Health in the Jayewardene cabinet in 1982 and held the position until 1989.
He was a surgeon and physician by career.
Gravelle first entered politics in 1997 on the town council of Rayside-Balfour.
His religious programs were broadcast on Toronto radio stations both before and after World War II.
In 1949, at the age of 22, Murphy became the youngest person in Ontario to be called to the Bar.
Sir Eldon Wylie Griffiths was a British Conservative politician and journalist.
He served as Member of Parliament for Reading until his defeat at the 1970 election.
He was a barrister and solicitor by career.
He was first elected to Parliament at the Nicolet riding in the 1930 general election.
He represented Northumberland in the Canadian House of Commons from 1867 to 1868 as a Liberal member.
Gauthier was mayor of Chicoutimi from 1950 to 1964.
Michael Sven Sukkar is an Australian politician.
He stood in the Buller electorate in the 1957 election and 1960 election, coming third each time; and also stood in the Buller 1962 by-election.
She is a member of the Labour Party.
Members made fewer speeches in the House, they would be here longer."
He was called to the Bar in 1935.
William Paul Joseph McCrossan is an actuary and former Canadian Member of Parliament.
He was a member of the National Party parliamentary caucus until he resigned on Friday 12 June 2009.
He is buried in section Q-143 in Mount Pleasant Cemetery, Toronto.
In 1894 he was elected to Manchester City Council as an Independent Labour Party councillor for the Bradford ward, an area previously represented by Conservatives.
Navarsete was appointed as leader of the Center Party in September 2008, having until then been the deputy leader.
Paul Andrew Daisley was a British politician from the Labour Party who is most notable for his period as Leader of Brent Borough Council.
He has been the Member of Parliament for Bognor Regis and Littlehampton since 1997.
He was particularly proud of his success in helping save Bendigo's Chinese Joss House.
He served on the public works committee and as deputy chairman of committees, and was re-elected in 1931, 1934, 1937 and 1940.
Mark was a member of the Conservative Party of Canada, although he frequently criticized and took positions opposite the party and its leader, Stephen Harper.
Raymond John Carter is a Labour Party politician.
David Charles McGrath was an Australian politician.
In 1911, he became a clerk in the Queensland Government Railways.
Previously he served as Federal Railways for Minister twice and Federal Minister for Local Government and Rural Development once.
He arrived in Australia in 1884, finding work as a grocer, agent and auctioneer in the Leichhardt area of Sydney.
David Libokomedo Agir was a Nauruan politician.
Edward LeRoy Bowerman was a Canadian politician and farmer.
He was elected to Newbury Council in 1991 and became Conservative group leader in 1994.
Newlands is the first Scottish National Party politician to win the seat.
She is past co-chair of the Women's Campaign School and she is a member of the Canadian Women Voters Congress and Canadian Women of Municipal Government.
Rokita briefly served as an advisor to Poland's president Lech Kaczyński on women's issues.
He was elected in the 1988 federal election at the Cambridge electoral district for the Progressive Conservative party.
He was again unsuccessful as the Labor candidate for Thebarton in 1941.
Born in Hobart, Tasmania, he was a company director before serving on Clarence Municipal Council from 1972–1975.
He married Flora Beasley, daughter of Richard William Beasley and Mary Ann Brett, in 1905.
In 1929, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Labor member for Calare, defeating Nationalist minister Sir Neville Howse.
Metiria Leanne Agnes Stanton Turei is a New Zealand member of Parliament and the female co-leader of the Green Party alongside James Shaw.
James Ford Cairns, Australian politician, was prominent in the Labor movement through the 1960s and 1970s, and was briefly Deputy Prime Minister in the Whitlam government.
She was married to her husband Clive in 1969.
Pradeep Trimbak Rawat is an Indian politician from the Bharatiya Janata Party and a former Member of Parliament in the 13th Lok Sabha.
He was re-elected in 1987, and retired from Parliament at the 1992 general election.
He died on 2 March 2006 at the age of 62.
He was secretary of the Melbourne Trades Hall, editor of the Tramways Union newspaper and President of the Victorian Branch of the Australian Labor Party.
He died at his home in Remuera, Auckland aged 56 years after that brief illness.
Albert John Pearsall was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
James Whiteside Gray is a British politician.
He represented the Lotbinière electoral district after winning that seat in the 1980 federal election, serving in the 31st and 32nd Canadian Parliaments.
The son of John Thomas Martell and Rachel A. Lewis, he was educated at the Sydney Academy, King's College and Dalhousie Law School.
He was educated at Queen's School, Angaston Public School and Whinham College.
From 1908 to 1910 he was Father of the House of Commons.
Lakshman Rajapaksa was a Sri Lankan politician.
Muhammad Nazeer Khan is a Pakistani politician who is currently a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan, belonging to the Pakistan Muslim League.
He was first elected to Parliament at the Glengarry riding in the 1949 general election.
Peggy A. Nash is a Canadian labour official and politician from Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
He is one of six openly LGBT MPs serving in the 42nd Canadian Parliament, alongside Scott Brison, Rob Oliphant, Seamus O'Regan, Randall Garrison and Sheri Benson.
James Pearce Turnour was the Australian Labor Party MP for the division of Leichhardt.
He was born in Oxford, Ontario and became a manager, manufacturer and teacher by career.
He served as parliamentary private secretary to the Home Secretary from 1966.
Singh originally lived in the Manningham Ward of the area, and later moved to Allerton.
After serving one term, he was defeated by Claude Ellis of the Co-operative Commonwealth Federation in the 1953 election.
A State Government Administrative Officer before entering politics, Evans was a member of the City of Elizabeth council from 1975–84 and served as Mayor from 1981-84.
He sought to become the Labour Party's candidate in the 2016 election for Mayor of London, but came last of the six candidates in the ballot.
Asher was Deputy Leader of the Liberal Party from 2006 to 2014, and served as a minister in the Kennett, Baillieu and Napthine governments.
In his final try for Parliament, in 1955, he narrowly lost the new seat of Eastleigh to the Conservatives.
In 2012 he returned to Ed Miliband's frontbench as shadow environment minister.
He was also a cousin of Canadian philosopher George Grant and 21st century Liberal Party leader Michael Ignatieff.
Other artworks rescued included the Ghent Altarpiece.
He was held at the Insein Prison, a notorious prison located in Rangoon.
He has been Member of Parliament for Airdrie & Shotts since the general election in May 2015.
William John "Bill" Fulton was an Australian politician.
Andrew Guy Tyrie is a British Conservative Party politician.
Gibson left federal office in 1953 and returned to Gibson Brothers Industries.
Donald Ferdinand Kellner was a politician from Alberta, Canada.
He was the Minister for Trade and Customs from 1924 to 1928 and Minister for Health in 1924 and 1925.
Several years of poor health began in 1979 when Maloney incurred a stroke, ending with a cancer diagnosis.
Frank McGee was also a grand-nephew of Father of Confederation and member of parliament, D'arcy McGee.
Who's Who in Australia reports Lightfoot as being a life fellow of the International Biographical Association, a vanity press publication.
Following Labour's loss at the 1951 election, he became civil aviation correspondent for the Reynolds News, having been Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Civil Aviation.
He originally won his seat in a 1988 by-election after sitting member and former ALP leader Bill Hayden was promoted from the Foreign Ministry to Governor-General.
Christopher James Green is a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom.
He joined the Melbourne Argus as a printer but subsequently became a journalist and sub-editor.
Dr Teo Ho Pin is a Singaporean politician.
She is currently the only female who is a Royal Naval Reservist in the House of Commons.
He was elected in 1921 to the Canadian House of Commons as a Member of the Progressive Party in the riding of Norfolk.
On 1949 he moved to Wangaratta to coach the Wangaratta Football Club.
Kidd was a member of Kingston city council from 1922 to 1926 and also served on the Kingston Board of Works.
is a former Canadian politician and a lawyer.
David Anthony Evennett is a Conservative politician.
Swinson was formerly a junior Equalities Minister.
Before parliament, Jacobi was employed in the merchant navy and in trade union office.
He thus became the fifth Speaker of the Fourth Republic of Ghana.
He held the seat until his death in 1958.
He was born in Prince Albert, Ontario and became an auctioneer and businessman by career.
Frederick Seymour Cocks, CBE was a British Labour Party Member of Parliament.
He was elected to Parliament at the Kings riding in the 1921 general election.
He was defeated in the 1988 federal election by Vic Althouse of the New Democratic Party.
Denis Murphy is a Labour Party politician in the United Kingdom who was the Member of Parliament for Wansbeck from 1997 until 2010.
He was also unsuccessful in unseating Cadieu in the 1963 election.
On August 19, 2016, LeBlanc was replaced by Bardish Chagger as Leader of the Government in the House of Commons.
He was the leader of the Workers' Party from 1971 to 2001.
Somerset was commissioned a lieutenant in the 7th Foot on 19 May 1804.
He retired from the Legislative Council in 1997.
With riding boundary changes, Clark became a candidate for Vancouver—Burrard and won election there in 1925 and 1926.
He was born in Kentville, Nova Scotia and became a physician.
Arthur Davidson, QC is a British Labour Party politician.
He joined the Royal Australian Air Force during the Second World War and saw service in Australia and the United Kingdom.
He died in 1966; in the resulting by-election, Dawson was won by Labor for the first time.
In the 1950s, he spent time as a weekend soldier, as a result of national service.
"Enemy aliens" were interred in labour camps across the country during the war under the authority of the War Measures Act of 1914.
MacDougall was re-elected there in the 1953 election.
He ran again in 1931 under the banner of the United Australia Party and won
He was a planning Engineer for GEC at Trafford Park, Manchester, and a Manchester City councillor for eighteen years.
Albert Earl Catherwood was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
He was appointed CBE in the 1965 New Year Honours.
He was born in Grenville, Quebec and became an industrialist and lumber merchant.
He then contested the resulting by-election as an independent, and won.
He worked as a solicitor of the Supreme Court of Queensland from 1999 to 2005 in Quinn & Scattini.
Previously, Godin was a labour representative for the United Steelworkers.
Bridges has been the National Party Member of Parliament for Tauranga since the 2008 election.
Wise was born in Melbourne and educated at Scotch College from five years old to when he matriculated in 1868.
Oakeshott contested the Division of Cowper at the 2016 election; Cowper absorbed Port Macquarie after the latest redistribution.
She was a Member of Parliament in the Canadian House of Commons from 2004 to 2008.
Judyth Watson is an Australian former politician.
He was educated at Charterhouse School and Merton College, Oxford, where he gained a football Blue in 1934.
He later became Chairman of an Australian top ten legal firm.
As of September 2013, he is a columnist in the party newspaper "SD-Kuriren".
Because of such attempts to do so, he was accused by many to have allowed Britain to win the Third Anglo-Burmese War.
He held several Shadow posts: Shadow Economic Secretary to the Treasury 1999-2001, Shadow Paymaster General to 2002, then Shadow Chief Secretary to the Treasury.
He died on 8 May 1949 in Canberra, Australian Capital Territory, Australia.
Jonas Viktor Göran Åkerlund is a Swedish politician and vice party leader for the Swedish Democrats.
The seat had previous been held for the SDLP by Gerry Fitt until 1983.
He was a prominent saw miller in the Taranaki Region.
Another brother, Roderick Buzacott was a major South Australian Farm Implement Manufacturer in the town of Blyth, located near Clare, where they were born and raised.
Ghos Bakhsh Khan Mahar is a Pakistani politician who is currently a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan, belonging to the Pakistan Muslim League.
He held his Senate seat until his retirement in 1967.
On 5 December 2009, at the 2009 Higgins by-election, O'Dwyer was elected to succeed former Treasurer Peter Costello.
In 1927 he became a partner with Frank A. Davenport & Mant, which established an expertise in insurance and liquor licensing.
He joined the Labour party in 1948, and became member of Liverpool City Council for the St Domingo ward in 1964.
Dubuc did not seek re-election in 1945 and left Parliament after completing his term in the 19th Canadian Parliament.
His daughter Mary Emily married Sam Hughes.
From November 1991 to January 1992, he was arrested for allegedly participating in the Karen National Union's underground movement.
Chesley William Carter was a Canadian Member of Parliament representing the riding of Burin—Burgeo and a senator for Grand Bank, Newfoundland and Labrador.
He is a former Minister of Labour, Solicitor General of Canada, Secretary of State and Secretary of State.
He is the present Minister of Provincial Councils and Local Government and a member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka.
Matthews completed his primary education at Lovedale Mission Station in the Eastern Cape while his father was a lecturer at the nearby University of Fort Hare.
She was the wife of M. H. M. Ashraff, the deceased leader of the Sri Lanka Muslim Congress and the National Unity Alliance.
He is a former member of parliament for Falkirk West and Falkirk.
He is a Fellow of the Financial Services Institute of Australia and a fellow of the Australian Institute of Company Directors.
Joseph Hale was a British engineer and politician.
Sir Eric John Harrison KCMG KCVO was an Australian politician who became the first Deputy Leader of the Liberal Party of Australia.
Brian S. Storseth is a businessman and Conservative politician in Alberta, Canada.
He was a Cambridge Apostle; in 1843, he married Harriet Woollcombe, daughter of W. Woollcombe.
Since his 2011 loss, Rota has begun teaching at Nipissing University in North Bay, Ontario.
Amarasiri Dodangoda was a Sri Lankan politician, the former Minister of Justice and Law Reforms and the second Chief Minister of the Southern Province.
Soon after starting her parliamentary career, she became involved in several controversial situations, and these increased with time in both number and severity.
Frederick George Hoblitzell was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
He has also been a member of the Reform Party of Canada, and the Canadian Alliance.
Rennie attended schools at Linwood, then Westervelt Business College in London.
Later in life, Hoad owned property in Junee and a grazing property at Ulandera.
He was appointed as a cabinet minister under the National Government led by Prime Minister Ranil Wickramasinghe.
In the event he was opposed by the Reverend Patrick Figgis running as a "Christian Socialist".
He regained the seat at the 1857 general election and held it in 1859, but was defeated again at the 1865 general election.
He was Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Justice and Attorney General of Canada and Parliamentary Secretary to the Solicitor General of Canada.
Bunting worked as a compositor at the Globe, later becoming a foreman.
Richard Michael Bacon is a British Conservative Party politician who has been Member of Parliament for South Norfolk since 2001.
He is Métis and is fluent in Michif.
Abdur Razzaq was a Bangladeshi politician and member of the Awami League Advisory Council.
She was educated at Darlinghurst Public School, Crown Street High School and Sydney Girls High School.
Following Labor's win at the December 1972 election, he was appointed to the Whitlam ministry as Minister for Housing.
George Ridley was a Labour Party politician in England.
Alice Olive Zakharov was an Australian politician.
He was elected to Parliament at the Last Mountain riding in the 1930 general election after a previous unsuccessful campaign there in the 1925 federal election.
William Oscar James Robinson was a British Labour Party politician.
Simon Joseph Bridges is a New Zealand politician and lawyer.
Khin Maung Thein is a Burmese politician and political prisoner, currently serving as a Pyithu Hluttaw MP for Sagaing Township.
His father, Ed Allen, was a longtime member of the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick where he served in the cabinet of Richard Hatfield.
She is a member of the New Democratic Party.
Lucy Elizabeth Allan is a Conservative Party British politician, who is the Member of Parliament for Telford, and a family rights campaigner.
He worked in Glasgow as a Labour Party organiser from 1969, before becoming a full-time councillor.
He served for one term as Member of Parliament for Stretford in North West England from 1966 to 1970, when he was defeated.
He was first elected at the Villeneuve riding in the 1968 general election under the Ralliement créditiste party banner.
Subsequently on 13 June 1912 Parata Sr was appointed to the New Zealand Legislative Council, where he sat until he died on 6 March 1917.
He was a Liberal member of the Australian Senate from 1978 to 2008, representing the state of Tasmania.
Griffiths was elected Member of Parliament for Sheffield Brightside in a 1968 by-election.
Albert Alfred "Bert" Hoare was a South Australian politician.
Face was the ALP member for Charlestown from 1972 to 2003.
There, he met and, in 1959, married Barbara Woods.
Thomas John Ley was an Australian politician who was convicted of murder in England.
From 1886 to 1912, he was a public school inspector at Frontenac County.
Riaz Hussain Peerzada is a Pakistani politician who is the current Minister of Inter Provincial Coordination, in office since August 2017.
He became President following Margaret Reid in 2002, and was re-elected in 2005.
James Duncan Schroder was a Liberal party member of the House of Commons of Canada.
On 1 April 2017, Hutchinson began a two-year term as Administrator of Norfolk Island.
Born in Adelaide, South Australia, he was educated at state schools before becoming an auto worker.
He served in the Royal Navy's Fleet Air Arm and was a lecturer for the National Council of Labour Colleges.
Mario Gaspare R. Oriani-Ambrosini was an Italian constitutional lawyer and politician who was a Member of Parliament in South Africa with the Inkatha Freedom Party.
Messner was born in Melbourne and educated at a state primary school in Queensland, Pulteney Grammar School, Adelaide and the South Australian Institute of Technology.
Stephen John Ladyman is a British Labour Party politician who was the Member of Parliament for South Thanet from 1997 until 2010.
In 1930 the Liberal Association of North Wellington offered him the nomination for the upcoming federal election.
E. B. Osler was the author of A Light in the Wilderness and The Man Who had to Hang Louis Riel and La Salle.
He also was among the few members of the Communist Party of Great Britain to serve as a Member of Parliament.
William Robert Lawrence was an Australian politician.
Hill was survived by their adopted daughter.
O’Brien represented Labrador in the House of Commons of Canada as a Liberal from 1996 until his death in 2004.
He died aged 80 on 3 January 2014 at Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, England.
After serving his only term, the 31st Canadian Parliament, he was defeated in the 1980 federal election by David Smith of the Liberal party.
He unsuccessfully attempted to return to Parliament in the 2000 federal election.
She was a pioneer within German welfare and workers security.
During September 2015, Butler sparked controversy when she opposed anti-abortion activist Troy Newman from entering Australia.
He left politics to become a public servant, and died in 1953.
He has won a number of significant recognized awards and honors over his lifetime career.
Born in Hertfordshire, he migrated to Australia as a child and was educated at state schools in Western Australia.
In 2010 she became co-chair of the election campaign for the Liberal Party of Canada in Quebec.
Melville Harold "Mel" Bungey is an Australian retired politician.
James—Assiniboia—Headingley in the House of Commons of Canada in the 2015 federal election.
A reservist, he was a Major in the Ceylon Artillery and was one of the accused of the attempted military coup of 1962.
Over the next 20 years, Hastings devoted his political energies to injecting what he felt was much needed balance into the debate about Rhodesia's future.
David Lock QC is a non-executive board director of Innovation Birmingham and also a non-executive director at Heart of England NHS Foundation Trust.
Vigor's time in the Senate was cut short when the Hawke Labor government called a double dissolution election in 1987.
Gary Merasty, by his mother Theresa and his many aunts.
He is a Lawyer by profession & was educated at Nalanda College
This proved unpopular in his riding and he was defeated in his attempt to win his party's nomination for the following election.
He was born in Burlington, Ontario and became a lawyer by career.
Sewallis Evelyn Shirley DL, JP, was a British politician.
She was an Australian Labor Party member of the Australian House of Representatives from October 1998 until September 2013, representing the Division of Capricornia, Queensland.
He was re-elected in 1940 and served a full second term and left federal politics at the 1945 election.
George Leeman was a lawyer, railwayman and a Liberal Member of Parliament for the City of York in the nineteenth century.
He was ACT's spokesman on law and order until he resigned from the party on 17 September 2010.
After the Labor split of 1916 over conscription, Arkins joined the Nationalist Party.
In March 1993 he was appointed junior Communications Minister in the second Keating Ministry.
He has been Member of the Riksdag, representing Jönköping County, since 2014.
A member of the Singapore-based People's Action Party, he serves as a Member of Parliament for the Chua Chu Kang Group Representation Constituency.
In 1920 he helped form the Country Party.
He was elected as an Ulster Unionist Party Member of Parliament for Belfast East at the 1959 by-election.
In 1919, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Labor member for Calare, defeating Nationalist MP Henry Pigott.
Nawab Muhammad Yousif Talpur is a Pakistani politician who is currently a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan, belonging to the Pakistan Peoples Party.
He served as Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Natural Resources.
Between 2002 and 2006 Çegerek served as a municipal councillor in Enschede.
She served as the Shadow Minister of Women, Children and Persons with Disabilities from 2012 to 2014.
In 2014 she stood unsuccessfully for the West Midlands in the European Elections.
Joanne Gay Goodhew is a New Zealand politician, and currently serves as a member of Parliament for the electorate of Rangitata.
He was, however, re-elected in the 1984 election, when seven places were up for election due to the expansion of the Parliament.
Dunn was elected Labour Member of Parliament for Liverpool Kirkdale in 1964.
Haddon Vivian Donald DSO MC ED is a former New Zealand soldier, businessman and politician of the National Party.
Jeff Carr and Gavan Troy were also removed as ministers, with Carr consequently resigning from parliament.
Elliot served as a councillor for Waterloo County, Ontario and was reeve of North Dumfries Township.
In 1958, he married Marty Hessell, an American citizen, in Bangkok.
According to a report by the Security Intelligence Review Committee, Paul Fromm assisted Gamble in this WACL work.
He was a serious Anglican and active in many charitable and social welfare groups.
He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons as a Member of the Liberal-Conservative Party in 1874 to represent the riding of Digby.
He was acclaimed to the Canadian House of Commons in 1922 as a Member of the Liberal Party to represent the riding of Kamouraska.
Charles Harry Webb was an Australian politician.
Phillips was elected to the Parliament of Canada in 1979 as a Liberal, but was defeated the following year in his bid for re-election.
Clark was born at Coonamble, New South Wales.
Le-Aufa'amulia Asenati Lole-Taylor, is a former New Zealand politician and a member of the House of Representatives.
He was born in St. Marys, Ontario and became an agent, farmer and manufacturer by career.
James—Assiniboia—Headingley on March 30, 2015, and took a leave of absence from his medical practice during the campaign.
Mr. Brady married a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J.M.
He absented himself from the House during the key vote.
In 1932 he played rugby league for the Gregory Terrace firsts.
Adrien Charles Deshommets de Martainville was a French politician.
Wallace was a commission merchant in Victoria, British Columbia.
He is mainly notable for being the father of Sir Robert Walpole.
He held the seat until his retirement in 1990.
He held the seat until his defeat in 1954.
Robinson died suddenly in 1981, while still in office.
After serving one term at Lambton East, Armstrong defeated Fansher in the 1925 election.
In 1983 the town of Seclin named 'Square du Captaine R.W.
Foo was appointed Chief Executive Officer of the Wealth Management Institute at the Nanyang Technological University in Singapore as of July 19, 2017.
Cayley attended secondary school at Norwich and normal school in London, Ontario.
He served intermittently until 1901 and had a tumultuous career as a backbencher, eventually contributing significantly to the fall of the Reid government in 1899.
He has been Minister for Enterprise since 3 October 2014.
He was re-elected in 1963 then defeated in 1965.
They pinpointed the Manitou Lake area and drove cattle and horses overland to the northeast, with Max driving one of the wagons.
He also began his association with Labour politics.
Arthur Blenkinsop is the great-uncle of Christopher Blenkinsop, founder and head of Berlin-based music group 17 Hippies.
Antoine Pierre Cornelis van Dijck is a Dutch politician and former management consultant, restaurateur and civil servant.
He also participated in a number of Parliamentary Standing Committees, including the Parliamentary Library joint committee which he served as a member and chair from 2006.
During the Burke Government, she chaired a taskforce on domestic violence, with a number of its recommendations subsequently enshrined in legislation.
He was the Member of Parliament for Bridgwater between the 2001 general election and 2010 and the Bridgwater and West Somerset constituency from 2010.
He worked in the retail trade before becoming a businessman.
Irina Patsi Dunn is an Australian writer, social activist and filmmaker, who served in the Australian Senate between 1988 and 1990.
He was an organiser and candidate for the Independent Political Labour League, Social Democratic Party then the Labour Party.
James Scott Peterson, PC is a retired Canadian politician and former Minister of International Trade.
He gained a Bachelor of Laws and later a Master of Laws from the University of Tasmania.
He served also as an Executive Assistant and Consultant to governments and other organizations by career.
Ahmed Hussain Macan Markar was a Ceylonese lawyer, politician and philanthropist.
Richardson was an active member of the Independent Labour Party, and its leading member in Whitehaven.
Mr. Brady’s work in the field of hospitalization is known throughout Canada and the United States.
David S. Sweet is a Canadian politician who has been the Member of the House of Commons for since January 2006.
She served on the House Committee, Joint Standing Committee on Delegated Legislation and Library Committee.
He served in World War I from 1914 to 1919.
Chairman Council of the National Museum of Australia
Zhenya Wang, also known as Dio Wang, is a former Australian senator and civil engineer.
He was subsequently appointed director of military training at army headquarters and from October 1915, director of military art at the Royal Military College, Duntroon.
He resigned in December 1999, after being leader of the European Parliamentary Labour Party since 1997.
Richard had been a member of The Club since 1782.
He was elected Member of Parliament for Newcastle East in the 1922 General Election, but died a month later.
Chaplin was president of Canadian General Tower Limited and a director of the Waterloo Savings and Trust Company.
Donald Allan McLean was a Liberal party member of the Senate of Canada.
Andrew John Broad is an Australian politician who has represented Mallee in the Australian House of Representatives since 2013 as a member of the Nationals.
Victoria Mary Atkins is a British Conservative Party politician.
Served as Qld Shadow Minister for Public Works and Housing 2006, Qld Parliamentary Secretary to the Shadow Minister For Health, Deputy Opposition Whip 2005/06.
He subsequently transferred to a union branch in Brixton, London.
Dr. Groves performed the first known appendectomy in North America on a kitchen table on May 10, 1883. 
William James McWilliams was the inaugural leader of the Country Party of Australia.
Reginald James "Reg" Murray was an Australian politician.
William Edward Parry was a New Zealand Minister and trade unionist.
Born in Albany, Western Australia, he was educated at the University of Western Australia before becoming a teacher.
Markar was elected as a member of the Legislative Council of Ceylon in 1924 and later to the State Council.
Ganeshalingam was born on 6 July 1932.
Bede Ziedeng served as the General Secretary of the Democratic Freedom Party in 2006.
Born in Young, New South Wales, he was educated at public schools before becoming the manager and editor of the family-run newspaper in Young.
He was elected to Parliament at the Stormont riding in the 1925 general election.
Gordon James McMaster was a Scottish politician.
Polling in the lead-up to the 2004 election suggested that Cox was likely hold the seat.
He previously stood in Walsall and Cleveland.
Côté left federal politics after completing his term in the 30th Canadian Parliament.
He is a politician, a member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka and a government minister.
Eric Kendall Bowden was an Australian solicitor and politician.
He was the son of the first British Prime Minister Sir Robert Walpole.
Hardy died in 1941 in a plane crash near Coen, Queensland.
He served in the Canadian Field Artillery during World War I and became a lieutenant.
Bidgood sold photographs to News Ltd newspapers, with instructions to send the proceeds to a charity.
He has acted as special representative of the Papuan people in the British Parliament, United Nations and European Parliament.
He was first elected to Parliament at the Lambton East riding in the 1921 general election when he defeated Conservative incumbent Joseph Emmanuel Armstrong.
He still resides in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada
James Roberts CMG was a New Zealand trade unionist, and was president of the Labour Party from 1937 to 1950.
Beaumont stood in the Maungakiekie electorate, finishing second in both 2008 and 2011.
André Plourde was a Progressive Conservative member of the House of Commons of Canada.
He was defeated at the 1996 election.
In 1922 he was the travelling organiser for his union and the society's principal negotiator.
From 2001 to 2006, she was chair of the Norwegian Council for Road Safety.
He was the Member of Parliament for King's Norton in Birmingham from 1935 until he was killed in action in 1940, aged 33.
Michael Richard Lewis Wooldridge is an Australian doctor, company director, and a former politician.
He was the Member of Parliament for Rother Valley.
Donald Alfred "Don" Mountjoy was an Australian politician.
William Albert Boucher was a Métis politician, farmer and merchant.
In 1886, he married Mary Jane Trebilcock.
Born in Penguin, Tasmania, he was educated at Scotch College in Melbourne before becoming a farmer and grazier.
Anthony Edward Timpson26 December 1973) is a British Conservative Party politician.
Before entering politics he was a small business owner.
Despite this, he remained with Labor, even becoming deputy leader in 1918.
He began farming at German Creek, before acquiring property at Glencoe when John Riddoch divided the former Glencoe Station.
Born in Melbourne, he attended state schools before becoming a retailer of dental supplies.
Shahnaz Saleem Malik is a Pakistani politician who is currently a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan, belonging to the Pakistan Muslim League.
Arthur James Bater was an English-Canadian politician and farmer.
Raymond Raymond was a Canadian lawyer and politician.
Walker left the employment brief in 1983 following that year's general election, and became Chairman of Ways and Means & Deputy Speaker to Bernard Weatherill.
He served as a minister in the government of Colin Barnett from 2008 to 2013.
He first sought a seat in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario in 1905 but was unsuccessful.
In 1983, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Labor member for Petrie, defeating sitting Liberal member John Hodges.
Michael Eamon Beahan, AM was the 19th President of the Australian Senate, holding that position from 1 February 1994 to 20 August 1996.
A member of the Pakistan Muslim League.
Arthur John Lewis was a Progressive party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
Over a period of five years, William moved his entire 5000-volume book collection from his brother's house to Hawarden.
Roebourne was abolished at a redistribution prior to the 1950 election, and Rodoreda successfully transferred to Pilbara, another original electorate.
He accompanied the Shah of Persia and the King of Afghanistan during their respective tours of Europe.
Thomson was born in Camberwell, London in 1849 and his family migrated to South Australia in 1850 and later moved to Victoria.
He also worked as an insurance consultant.
He began his venture into politics in 1945 by representing the Progressive Conservative in the Canadian federal election, 1945 and the Canadian federal election, 1953.
Sir John Michael Gorst was a British Conservative Party politician.
He is "very proud" of his Burmese heritage.
She was born in Melbourne, Victoria, and was educated at Swinburne College of Technology and Monash University.
He was born in Harwood, Ontario and became a farmer and manager by career.
Lala Achint Ram was an Indian freedom fighter, Gandhian and a member of the Indian National Congress party.
John Thomas Simpson was a Conservative member of the Canadian House of Commons.
At the 1919 federal election, he was elected as a Nationalist to the federal seat of Adelaide, but was defeated at the 1922 election.
He advocates a rigorous exclusion of representatives of the disempowered Gaddafi regime from public offices.
In 1958, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for Western Australia.
Baljit Singh Gosal is a Canadian politician, who was elected to the Canadian House of Commons in the 2011 federal election.
Having unsuccessfully fought Manchester Moss Side in 1970 he was elected as Member of Parliament for Manchester Exchange at a 1973 by-election.
He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons as a Liberal in an 1883 by-election representing the riding of Lennox.
In the 2011 election she initially missed joining the current Parliament, her list ranking sitting just above the cut-off due to Labour's reduced party vote.
Pyke was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland as the Labor member for the newly created seat of Mount Ommaney at the 1992 state election.
He was re-elected to the New Brunswick legislature in 1882 until 1886.
Joseph Nicholas Bell was a British Labour politician and Justice of the Peace.
Soraya Viola Heléna Post is a Swedish politician and Member of the European Parliament from Sweden.
He was re-elected in the 1968 Canadian federal election and served a second full term in office before retiring from federal politics in 1972.
He was educated in Nottingham and then at the Working Men's College in London.
In 1939, he joined the Militia, Australia's part-time military force, before volunteering for overseas service after the outbreak of the Second World War.
Jodie Louise Campbell is an Australian politician.
From 2010 to 2014, he served as deputy leader of the Committee on Social Insurance.
Henry Thomas Givens was an Irish-born Australian politician.
William Bowie Stewart Campbell Sawers was a Scottish-born Australian politician.
He was born in Oshawa, Ontario and became a farmer, fruit grower and rancher.
Born in Sydney to Thomas James Scully and his wife Sarah Lucy Rutherford, he was educated at a small school near Tamworth.
Lacroix was born in Quebec City, Quebec and worked as an architect in the early 20th century.
He succeeded in persuading the government to call a Royal Commission to investigate the question.
He publicly supported the prohibition of alcohol, stating that he "regretted that it was not possible for the whole Labor Party to support prohibition".
Nicholson attended public and grammar schools at Prince Edward Island and Nova Scotia.
He was re-elected in January 1910 with a reduced majority, but at the December 1910 general election he was defeated by the Conservative candidate Rigby Swift.
A separate educational circuit too established in this area very recently.
In 1863, he was appointed solicitor general for Canada East.
Zuhra Wadood Fatmi is a Pakistani politician who is currently a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan, belonging to the Pakistan Muslim League.
The Family Allowance Act was passed in 1944 by a unanimous vote while Dr. Blair was still a sitting Member of Parliament .
His cremated remains were entombed at Willowbank Cemetery in Wolfville.
The seat was held by Stephanie Cadieux however Cadieux is moving to Surrey-Cloverdale after current MLA Kevin Falcon announced he was not seeking re-election.
He did not stand in the February 1974 general election and was succeeded as MP by John MacGregor.
He took a prominent part in the G8 and OECD Environment Minister’s meetings.
Louise Margaret Haigh is a British Labour politician.
Together with Labor's Tom Uren, Millar was the last World War II veteran to serve in the House.
He held the seat until his defeat in 1980.
Born in Maldon, Victoria, he received a primary education before becoming a goldminer and then a boot merchant in Melbourne.
Brown left Parliament before the end of his term in the 28th Canadian Parliament.
Edward Carrington Mack is an Australian politician.
Arthur August Aalto was a Finnish Social Democratic politician and journalist.
Captain Amarinder Singh is an Indian politician, who is currently the 26th Chief Minister of Punjab.
John Augustine Macdonald was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
He was a commissioned officer from 1971.
Kearney's election was the last time a member with full voting rights was returned unopposed to the House.
As a result, Martin's campaign team targeted Dhaliwal and successfully took over his riding association.
Jacobus "Jacques" Smalle is a South African politician, currently a Member of the Limpopo Provincial Legislature for the Democratic Alliance.
Daniel James "Dan" Curtin was an Australian politician.
Christopher Paul Davies is a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom.
However, his nomination was rejected by a tied vote in the Tasmanian Parliament.
From 1928 to 1935, English was a professor at St. Roch Academy.
Having sat on Collingwood City Council, he was Mayor from 1960 to 1961 and from 1968 to 1969.
He argued a possible breach of the Victorian Crimes Act which creates an offence of child destruction after 28 weeks gestation had occurred.
He was defeated in the 1900 federal election.
Before becoming a politician Morin taught French and drama at the secondary school Cavelier-De LaSalle.
She was a Member of the Scottish Parliament for Glasgow between 2009 and 2011.
Hartley Gordon James "Harry" Cant was an Australian politician.
Charles-Eugène Dionne was a Social Credit Party and Ralliement créditiste member of the Canadian House of Commons.
Eldridge was an accountant for the Government of New South Wales before he was elected to the Parliament as a member of the Australian Labor Party.
In 1949 he was elected to the Senate.
He left the Council in 1952, and in 1953 was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for Victoria.
He was born in Timmins, Ontario and became a businessman, contractor and quantity surveyor by career.
Georgina Beyer is a New Zealand politician and former Labour Party Member of Parliament.
Ataputta was employed as Medical Officer between 1960 and 1966, before establishing his own general medical practice.
He is a member of the Bloc Québécois.
She attended York University, where she earned degrees in psychology and nursing, and became a registered nurse.
Henry Berry was a British Labour Party politician.
Alan Beaney was a British Labour Party politician.
She represented the electoral district of Louis-Saint-Laurent in the Canadian House of Commons from 2006 to 2011 as a member of the Conservative Party of Canada.
Rodgers was born in Geelong, Victoria and educated at Xavier College, Melbourne in 1889 and 1890.
Police attended the scene in a crowd control capacity.
He was a local councillor and alderman in Bromley 1960–1974 being council leader for a time and Mayor of Bromley in 1972.
George Taylor MacNutt was a Conservative member of the Canadian House of Commons.
He began work as a clerk but eventually became alderman of Waverley Municipal Council from 1904–09.
William George Thompson was an Irish-born Australian politician.
Robert Francis "Bob" McMullan is an Australian former politician who represented the Australian Labor Party in both the Senate and the House of Representatives.
Frank Roy is a British Labour Party politician, who was the Member of Parliament for Motherwell and Wishaw from 1997 to 2015.
He replaced elected official Kolonnawe Sri Sumangala, who resigned on 8 October 2004, six months after the Sri Lankan parliamentary election.
He worked as a farm labourer at Boolcunda East, near Quorn for sixteen years, and worked as shearer for 20 years.
He stowed away on a passenger ship when he was 11 and arrived in Melbourne in 1877.
Born in Hobart, Tasmania, he was educated at Hutchins School before becoming a merchant and later a magistrate.
He served as Minister of Finance under both Sir Robert Borden and Arthur Meighen until the Conservative Party's defeat in the 1921 general election.
He was first elected at the Portage riding in the 1968 general election.
Gosselin studied at Lawrenceville and at Sherbrooke College in Quebec.
He was first elected to Parliament at the Hamilton West riding in a by-election on 22 March 1937.
From 1978 to 1991, he held various deputy minister positions with the Government of Ontario.
Following the disestablishment of the CCS he was transferred to its successor the Ceylon Administrative Service which was later renamed as the Sri Lanka Administrative Service.
In 1927, he was elected to the New South Wales Legislative Assembly as the Country Party member for Young.
Webster contested the New South Wales Legislative Council for the Christian Democratic Party at the 1999 and 2003 state elections.
He was born at Port Fairy, Victoria to Maurice Moloney and Mary, née Bowe.
A Labour candidate had stood unsuccessfully in January 1910 general election, but Richardson was assisted by the absence of a Liberal party candidate.
Harbance Singh Dhaliwal, PC is a Canadian politician and businessman.
In the Fifth National Government, led by Prime Minister Bill English, she is the Minister of Corrections.
William Albion Gibbs was an Australian politician.
His son, Martin, became a mathematics teacher at Cowley International College, St. Helens.
He obtained a Bachelor of Arts degree at Mount Allison University.
In 1971 her family moved to Australia, arriving in Brisbane, Queensland on 6 October of that year.
As a result, Scott's margins were nowhere near as large as the ones Cameron had tallied over the previous 31 years.
Born to James Alfred Jayewardene, a Proctor who was the Deputy Coroner of Colombo, Jayewardene was educated at the Royal College, Colombo.
Born in Herefordshire, he was brought up in an orphanage and later in foster care in a council house.
The seat was previously held by Liberal Louise Markus, who contested the more marginal seat of Macquarie at the 2010 federal election.
Robert Matthew Turnbull McDonald was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
By this time, she'd built up her majority to 12 percent.
In 1936 the Labor Party decided to allow three candidates to stand for the seat of Kalgoorlie, after irregularities were discovered in the pre-selection ballotting process.
He was a National Party of Australia member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly from 1986 to 1989, representing the electorate of Nerang.
Piesse was born in Katanning, Western Australia, the son of Arnold Edmund Piesse.
Sir Giles was probably the most popular man of his time in the Commons.
Wendy Morton is a British Conservative Party politician.
Walter Thomas "Walt" Lastewka, PC is a Canadian politician.
Sir Peter James Luff is  Chair of the National Heritage Memorial Fund and Heritage Lottery Fund.
On September 28, 2016, Scheer announced his bid for the leadership of the Conservative Party.
In May 2005, he was appointed Shadow Minister for Northern Ireland.
Patrick Charles "Paddy" Webb was a New Zealand trade unionist and politician.
Frederick Maclean Hewitt, was an Australian company director and politician.
She was defeated in the 2011 by NDP candidate Annick Papillon.
He later became a barrister and then a primary producer.
A veterinarian by profession, he entered politics when he served as a school board member.
Kenneth Albert James was a Progressive Conservative member of the House of Commons of Canada.
George Matthew Foster was an Australian politician.
Folco was vice president in 1988, and president from 1990–95, of the Conseil des Communautés culturelles et de l'Immigration.
Thomas George Bradley was a British politician.
Upon his death, he was succeeded as member for Geelong by his second wife, Fanny.
In 1891 he was elected to the South Australian Legislative Council as a Labor member, but he left the Labor Party in 1897.
Sydney Smith was an early Australian politician.
They would have one son and two daughters.
In 1963, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Labor member for East Sydney.
Henskens studied economics and law at the University of Sydney, before receiving a masters in law from the University of Toronto on a Rotary Scholarship.
Horace Keyworth Nock was an Australian politician, farmer and company director.
Watson was born in Launceston and educated at the University of Tasmania, where he graduated in economics and accountancy.
His father had high hopes for "the Whelp", never to be realized.
Ricardo is the Head of Public Health at the Catholic University of Portugal.
In 1948 and 1949, he was a municipal councillor for the city of Guelph.
McLure was also an Honorary Lieutenant-Colonel in 1930 for the 2nd Medium Light Artillery.
Clarke was also a director of Northampton Town Football Club for 11 years 1999- 2010 and as General Manager at the club between 2005 and 2008.
He died in office in Ottawa at the age of 55.
Colonel Alan John McKibbin, OBE, JP, DL was a Northern Irish company director and politician.
Tukoroirangi "Tuku" Morgan is a New Zealand Māori politician and former broadcaster.
Dhaliwal played a key role in Ignatieff’s short-lived, but successful, second leadership campaign in 2008.
Kevin Grant Hague is a former New Zealand MP representing the Green Party who was first elected to parliament in 2008.
He was born in London, England and followed a legal career.
In 2014, he died of lung cancer.
Watareke Arachchilage Wiswa Warnapala was a Sri Lankan politician, Minister of Higher Education and member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka.
In 1955, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Liberal member for Swan.
He was elected as Member of Parliament for Bradford South at the 1945 general election, but died in office in 1949, aged 63.
Peter Eric James Prentice PC QC was a Canadian politician who served as the 16th Premier of Alberta from 2014 to 2015.
Ian Raymond Causley is an Australian politician.
He was born in Harriston, Ontario and became a garage owner and operator by career.
He was born in Portage-du-Fort, Quebec and became a farmer.
She is a former representative of Matale for the United People's Freedom Alliance in the Parliament of Sri Lanka.
As a 'Perry Mason' style trial lawyer, he had over two dozen murder trials where he won the cases as barrister for the accused.
Allan Frederick Lawrence, PC QC was a Canadian politician and served as both a provincial and federal cabinet minister.
In total Gallacher spent fifteen years at the "top of the South Australian union movement".
Sardar Mansab Ali Dogar is a Pakistani politician who is currently a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan, belonging to the Pakistan Muslim League.
For the Member of the Canadian Parliament, see Parm Gill.
Menzies, perhaps in gratitude, made Collins Minister Assisting the Prime Minister and Minister Assisting the Minister for the Interior.
His work on Egypt although not acknowledged until recently is vastly important.
In 1981, he was among the Labour MPs who defected to the Social Democratic Party.
Alain Giguère is a Canadian politician, who was elected to the House of Commons of Canada in the 2011 election.
Maurice Hallé was a Liberal party member of the House of Commons of Canada.
He was a teacher and lecturer and a trade union official.
Lionel Daniel Clay was an Australian politician.
Sydney Max Falstein was an Australian politician.
Then followed by some momentous years S.W.R.D.
Frank Eric Jaenicke was a Co-operative Commonwealth Federation member of the Canadian House of Commons.
He was first elected at the Bellechasse riding in a 26 September 1955 by-election, then re-elected in the 1957 federal election.
He was appointed to the Supreme Court of Tasmania by the Lowe government, serving from 7 November 1978 to 14 March 1984.
He was born in Windsor, Ontario and became an industrialist.
He also served as an operational fighter pilot and was involved in CF-18 fleet management.
He held the seat until his retirement in 1953.
David Michael Collenette, PC is a former Canadian politician.
During the 1990s, Greig worked for several Australian Labor Party politicians, including Senator Peter Cook, but became disillusioned with Labor and joined the Democrats.
He returned to become a public servant, and was an official with the Australian Postal Workers' Union.
After leaving federal politics, Lewis worked worked as a clerk with the Queensland Prohibition League.
He was born in Hamilton, Ontario and became a financial agent and consultant by career.
Schmidt-Nielsen has been referred to as the "new queen of the Red-Green Alliance" by parts of the press.
In 1919, he unsuccessfully contested the federal seat of New England for the Australian Labor Party.
She is a member of the New Zealand First Party.
During his term in office, he served as chair of the National Defence Committee.
His father was originally from Newry, County Armagh, Ireland, and his mother was originally from Stranraer, Wigtownshire, Scotland.
After electoral district changes, Studer became the Liberal candidate in the merged Swift Current—Maple Creek riding where he was returned to Parliament in 1953 and 1957.
Nar Bahadur Chand is a member of 2nd Nepalese Constituent Assembly.
Issues he has focused on include government spending, same-sex marriage, victims' rights, child pornography, and prison reform.
He was born in Renfrewshire, Scotland in 1812, the son of David Hutchison.
He was first elected to Parliament at the Humber—St.
He was a member of Indian National Congress.
In 1897, he was elected to the Western Australian Legislative Council for North-East Province, serving until 1901.
He was praised as a local member and, though he rarely contributed to political debate, his views were always held strongly.
Ian MacLachlan Arrol was Member of Parliament for the federal riding of York East, elected as a Progressive Conservative in the Robert Stanfield-led resurgence of 1972.
Fitch was also a Member of the European Parliament.
Peter Malinauskas filled the upper house casual vacancy in a joint sitting of the Parliament of South Australia on 1 December.
She served two years as an Australian Democrats senator for New South Wales between 1991 and 1993.
Allan "Martyn" Finlay QC was a New Zealand lawyer and politician of the Labour Party.
Edgard Jules Wermenlinger was a Conservative member of the Canadian House of Commons.
Prior to being elected, Chicoine worked as a Special Constable at the Université de Montréal.
Hallé did not seek re-election in 1949 and left federal politics, but was an unsuccessful candidate at Brome—Missisquoi in the 1958 election.
Lynne Choona Featherstone, Baroness Featherstone, PC is a British Liberal Democrat parliamentarian and member of the House of Lords.
He is the State Minister of finance in the government of President Maithripala Sirisena.
Hulme won the House of Representatives seat of Petrie at its creation at the 1949 election for the Liberal Party.
He returned to his former occupation as a railway clerk, working in the Eastern Region Chief Civil Engineer's Office at King's Cross station.
Nasir Iqbal Bosal is a Pakistani politician who is currently a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan, belonging to the Pakistan Muslim League.
He represented the riding of Northumberland in Parliament with the Liberal party from 1930 through 1945.
She remained MP until she was defeated in the 2015 federal election by Liberal candidate Hunter Tootoo.
He was re-elected at Villeneuve in the 1972 election, with his party assuming the Social Credit name in 1971.
Namadgi was abolished after only one cycle, and Ellis transferred to Canberra, holding it with little difficulty.
Wells won the South Shore electoral district for the Liberal party in the 1993 federal election.
Her past political history included working on the Defend Marriage campaign, which sought to revoke same-sex couples' right to marry.
Male was the Parliamentary Secretary for Education from March 2009 until she was made a Deputy Government Whip in February 2012.
He attended Sydney Church of England Grammar School and the Guildford Grammar School in Western Australia.
She served as the SNP Business, Innovation and Skills spokesperson in the House of Commons until her resignation of the party whip in September 2015.
John William Kucherepa was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
He was elected as the Member of Parliament for Whitechapel and St Georges in the 1922 general election, but died seven weeks later.
On 6 October 2016, Corbyn appointed Griffith as Shadow Secretary of State for Defence, replacing Clive Lewis.
He was the Conservative Party of Canada member of the House of Commons of Canada for Yorkton—Melville from 1993 to 2015.
He was elected a Deputy President of the Senate of Ceylon in 1948.
He was the first Member of the House of Representatives to have been defeated three times in the same seat.
Benjamin "Ben" Courtice was an Australian politician.
He was the Member of Parliament for Somerton and Frome and was the Minister of State for Agriculture and Food.
He became Mayor of Menzies Shire as well as a stockbroker, farmer and press proprietor.
He was the senior partner in the firm Honey, Brooks, Harrison in Port Hope, Ontario and was appointed a Queen's Counsel in 1965.
Alexander Maxwell Campbell was a Co-operative Commonwealth Federation member of the House of Commons of Canada.
was a Canadian politician who served in the House of Commons.
She is the Member of Parliament for North Ayrshire and Arran, having been elected in the 2015 general election.
Joseph Patrick Tobin Asselin, known as Patrick Tobin Asselin, was a Canadian politician.
He was defeated in 1970, and died in 1976.
Colin Burgon is a British Labour Party politician who was the Member of Parliament for Elmet from 1997 to 2010.
He held the seat from 1999 until 2014.
Until August 2015 he presented the ABC's Perth local station 720 ABC Perth breakfast show, regularly receiving top ratings for the most popular breakfast radio show.
Robert Aubin is a Canadian politician, who was elected to the Canadian House of Commons in the 2011 election.
He was a liberal protectionist, who believed in the extension of federal powers, but became increasingly opposed to the Australian Labor Party's socialist agenda.
John Mullan was an Irish-born Australian politician.
Bryant Robert Burns is a former Australian politician.
However, at the 1950 general election, he stood again as an independent, but came third with 20% of the vote.
He was first elected to Parliament at the Brant riding in the 1935 general election and re-elected there in 1940.
However, she had to withstand strong challenges from Labor's Steve Georganas in the next two elections.
At the 1949 election he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for South Australia, commencing on 1 July 1950.
From 1998 to 2000, he served as a councilor for Tyendinaga, Ontario.
Born at Cowes, on the Isle of Wight, he was educated in England before migrating to Australia in 1863.
For the last 19 years of his life, he was editor of The Timaru Herald.
Prior to his federal political experience, he served in World War II in the Royal Canadian Air Force for five years.
Prior to entering parliament in 2010, he was a member of the Western Provincial Council.
However, Calder took advantage of the retirement of longtime Labor MP Jock Nelson to win the seat by only 400-odd votes in 1966.
Educated privately, Zeal obtained his diploma as a surveyor and engineer, and came to Melbourne in 1852.
Shortly after her election, St-Denis was diagnosed with non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
He lived in Christchurch with his partner Nicola Shirlaw, and their three daughters.
Gilles Bernier is a former Canadian politician.
From 1964 to 1967, he served as Secretary of the Ulster Unionist Parliamentary Party.
Born in Sydney in 1949, St. Clair spent his early life as a truck driver and sawmiller before becoming involved in politics in the 1980s.
He sat in Parliament, first as a Liberal and later as an Independent Progressive.
In 1936, he cofounded the Queensland Country Party, which replaced the Country and Progressive National Party in Queensland.
While in exile due to apartheid policies in South Africa, Matthews became an assistant Attorney General of neighboring Botswana.
Charles Richard was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
Brison has been the Member of Parliament for the riding of Kings-Hants since the 1997 federal election.
Roger Kenneth Evans is a British Conservative politician.
A lawyer by profession, Petit is a graduate of Université Laval and was called to the Quebec bar in 1973.
In 1986-1999 he was a Member of the European Parliament.
He has been Member of Parliament for Nicosia since 2006 and leader of centrist DIKO party since 2013.
He was the fourth elected parliamentary Senate leader of the Australian Democrats, serving from 2 October 1991 to 29 April 1993.
He is a Malaysian Chinese and of Hakka descent.
He held the seat until his death in 1927; Nationalist John Verran was appointed as his replacement.
In June 2011, Roy announced that she would retire at the 2011 general election.
Jensen lost Liberal preselection in Tangney for the 2016 federal election and unsuccessfully ran as an independent in the 2016 election.
With her condition back under control, she returned to her position.
He was an insurance superintendent and life insurance agent by career.
Prior to being elected, Day was the President of an employment agency, and is a former president of a women's issues group.
He was an advocate for expansion of the British Empire, particularly in Africa and Asia, which supplied palm oil, a key ingredient in Lever's product line.
George Turner is a Labour Party politician in the United Kingdom.
In 1996 he was appointed Australian Ambassador to France, a position he held until 2000.
While mayor he led the effort to build the famous ski resort Mont-Sainte-Anne, which opened in 1966.
His seat was gained by the Conservative candidate John Gummer.
In 1980 she was called to the Law Society of Upper Canada.
Lawson Omar Clifford was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
Toole returned to local government as an alderman for the Openshaw ward of Manchester City Council.
He has been a member of parliament since 2008.
McCormack had previously served as the Assistant Minister for Defence and as a Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister for Finance.
Cairns worked as an economic consultant for the Queensland Tourist and Travel Corporation and Mount Isa Mines.
Liberal Party officials subsequently denied that there had been any fighting at the scene.
He served as the Minister of Public Works and Government Services from 2004 until 2006 in the Paul Martin government.
From 1968 to 1971 he served as Ceylon's Ambassador to France and was the head of the Sri Lanka's Delegation to UNESCO from 1968 to 1971.
He was born in Germany and became a barrister by career.
He was director of the State Bank of South Australia, and served as President of the Liberal Federation 1920-1924.
He remained Speaker until David Hawker was elected to succeed him on 16 November.
He was a Member of Parliament from 1977 to 2008.
George Henry Bradbury was a politician and manufacturer.
In the following year another election was held, with the Conservatives regaining the seat.
Following the resignation of Lars Isovaara on 29 November 2012, Wiechel assumed office as a regular member of parliament.
Later he was on the Standing Conference of British Organisations for Aid to Refugees, being Chairman of the European Committee from 1970 to 1973.
Ablonczy was first elected to the House of Commons in 1993 as the Reform Party Member of Parliament for Calgary North.
John Henry Prowse was an Australian politician.
Fodéba Keïta was a Guinean dancer, musician, writer, playwright, composer and politician.
Duckett was a Royalist colonel in the English Civil War.
Thomas was educated at Eton and Caius College, Cambridge where he was a fellow commoner.
His brother William was also active in the party, and later became Treasurer of the Miners' Federation of Great Britain.
Edward Heitmann was born in California Gully, Bendigo, Victoria on 3 June 1878.
He was narrowly defeated by ALP candidate Charles Sandford in 1958, but he was successful in the 1967 Senate only election.
She was the Bloc Québécois candidate in the riding of Québec.
Hugh Lester Hutchinson was a Labour politician who was elected to represent Manchester Rusholme in the 1945 General Election, winning the seat by just ten votes.
Fiona Meryl Scott is an Australian politician.
Spriggs had ill-health for much of his life.
In 2008 he joined Amec PLC as a strategic development director, and was designated a "young global leader" by the World Economic Forum.
In his book Politics of Plenty he warned his readers of the dangers of Keynes:
He was defeated by John Burgess of the Liberal party in the 1962 election.
Due to re-distribution he ran in St. Catharines riding in the 1979 election and was defeated.
He held the seat until his defeat in 1906, after which he returned to state politics, being re-elected to Armidale in 1907.
Reynolds returned to parliament in 1997 as a Reform MP and served as Chief Opposition Whip.
He was made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1917.
McMaster was born near London, Ontario and attended Osgoode Hall Law School in Toronto from which he graduated in 1902 and qualified as a lawyer.
Gordon Henderson is a British Conservative Party politician.
Lieutenant-Colonel Sir Richard Hamilton Glyn, 9th Baronet OBE, TD, DL was a British army officer, Conservative politician and authority on breeding pedigree dogs.
Peter Lang was elected to Ontario's Kitchener riding in the 1980 federal election and served in the 32nd Canadian Parliament.
He has held a range of ministerial portfolios including Agriculture, Forestry, Rural Affairs, Biosecurity, and Trade Negotiations.
In 1956 when the late S. W. R. D. Bandaranaike formed the Mahajana Eksath Peramuna he was one of the signatories.
Archibald was Member of Parliament for Dunbartonshire from 1868 to 1892
Van den Berg announced his resignation from the Democratic Alliance in 2014 and joined the smaller Freedom Front Plus.
He became an exporter and farmer by career.
Frederick Greystock Robertson was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
He was Opposition Chief Whip from 2004 until 29 November 2007, when he became the Chief Government Whip.
Hynd was born in Sydney, the son of a coalminer.
Fenwick Lionel Kelly was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
From 1970-72 he served as Director-General of Sri Lanka Broadcasting Corporation.
On March 7, 2007, McGuire announced he would not run in the next federal election, choosing to retire from politics.
Following the war, he published The Secret Battle and joined the permanent staff of Punch in 1924.
Fennell left national politics in 1988 and did not campaign in that year's election, having served in the 31st, 32nd and 33rd Canadian Parliaments.
Gabe Price was born in Fairburn North Yorkshire, he worked as a checkweighman at the Frickley Colliery and was devoted to the service of the miners.
Sir Nicholas Raymond Winterton is a retired British Conservative Party politician.
Dave Worthy was a member of the Canadian House of Commons from 1988 to 1993.
He then returned to private work as an accountant, and later as a bailiff.
From 1961 to 1966, he was Mayor of Windsor, Newfoundland and Labrador.
He also served as a captain in the British Canadian Recruiting Mission in Chicago, Illinois, United States of America.
Chaudhry Muhammad Munir Azhar is a Pakistani politician who is currently a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan, belonging to the Pakistan Muslim League.
He was expelled from ITAK in 1971 for supporting the new republican constitution.
He was a ministerial advisor to South Australian Labor Premiers Don Dunstan, Des Corcoran and John Bannon.
Earl Douglas Cash was an Australian politician.
He was also an alderman with the City of Wollongong council and Illawarra County Council from 1977 until 1983.
He was then elected to the Scottish Parliament in the May 2011 election.
In 1909 he married Ruby Thorne and they subsequently had a son and two daughters.
Alistair James Hendrie Burt is a British Conservative Party politician.
He was educated at the Kingswood College, Kandy.
In 1962, John and Doris Martyr moved to Western Australia, where John became State Secretary of the DLP.
Gerard George Fitzgerald was a 19th-century member of parliament in New Zealand.
His name also appears as Jesse Pichard Tripp or Jesse Picard Tripp in some sources.
In 1906, he moved to Oxbow, Saskatchewan and became the first official druggist there.
In April 2012 he announced his intention to sit on the crossbench as an independent member of parliament.
While the Secretary of State Barbara Castle took public credit for it, O'Malley was responsible for its substance.
He was a businessman, rancher and farmer by career.
Green used an ingenious punning campaign slogan: "Vote for the Green without an E".
Eusèbe Roberge was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
He was previously a candidate for Mayor of Winnipeg in the 2014 municipal election, finishing third.
He held the seat until 1983, when he was defeated by John Saunderson of the Labor Party.
After a succession of candidacies in unwinnable seats, Young was elected to the House of Commons on his fourth attempt for Bolton East in February 1974.
Gerry Byrne, PC MHA is a Canadian politician who was a Liberal Member of Parliament from 1996 to 2015 representing Humber—St.
The appointment was expected to continue until 1 July 2011.
Ebenezer Kwadwo Teye Addo is a Ghanaian politician and the Central Regional Minister of Ghana.
Current Chairman of the United National Party, he was appointed to Parliament as a national list member in 2015.
Gwisai was released with a fine in 2012.
She then became engineering manager and subsequently the director of engineering at Suncor before taking a consultant role at Worley Parsons.
He was born in Linwood, Ontario and became a merchant by career.
He was appointed a Queen's Counsel in 2002 and Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath in the 2014 New Year Honours.
In Melbourne, she worked as a clerk and later an accountant with a firm of importers.
He established a weekly newspaper, the Boomerang in 1894, but it ran for only eight issues.
Nanayakkara played active roles for the United National Party victory at the 2001 General election.
The Ghana Center for Democratic Development deemed that this by-election was "fair and transparent, but not free from fear."
Tom Myers was a British Labour Party politician.
He was re-elected in 1902, but defeated in 1905.
Previously he served as Deputy Minister of Skills Development and Vocational Training.
Before entering politics, Hardcastle worked for almost 20 years as a reporter and editor of the former Tecumseh Tribune.
David Paul Smith, PC, QC is a Canadian lawyer, politician and retired Senator.
He was first elected at the Saskatoon City riding in the 1945 general election, then re-elected at Saskatoon in 1949 and again in 1953.
McIntosh served as a member of the town council for Swift Current from 1948 to 1950 and was mayor from 1955 to 1956.
Caron died in hospital at Chicoutimi, Quebec of cancer before completing his first term in office, several months before the next federal election.
He was born in Hartford, Connecticut, the son of Jean Joseph and Marie Agnes Thériault.
Her 25 years of service made her the longest-serving woman parliamentarian.
She was first elected as the Member of Parliament for Erewash in 2015.
He became a barrister in 1934, and served in the military from 1942 to 1946.
Kenneth Earl Hurlburt was a Canadian Member of Parliament.
Laught served with the 3rd Light Horse Regiment from 1939 and volunteered for the Second Australian Imperial Force in 1940, joining the 9th Division Cavalry Regiment.
Lawrence "Larry" Bagnell, PC MP is a Canadian politician.
The family lived on the co-operatively run Brentham Estate in Ealing, where Fred was able to use the tennis courts and cricket pitch.
Sanders unsuccessfully contested Portsmouth in 1906 and in January 1910.
In 1998, Michael Cobb was convicted under sections 29D and 29B of the Commonwealth Crimes Act in relation to travel allowance and motor vehicle claims.
He was a minister in the First Labour Government.
Terrence Anthony "Terry" White is an Australian pharmacist, businessman, and former politician.
He remained in the RAFVR after the war, resigning his commission in 1952.
She is currently House Leader of the Official Opposition.
This was the first time a Speaker took it upon his own authority to split a motion.
He was Member of Parliament for Leeds North West from the 1997 general election until he retired at the 2005 general election.
He also was the patron for the poet, Robert Burns.
His first run for the provincial leadership was in 1920 but was defeated by George Howard Ferguson.
Gyles Daubeney Brandreth is an English writer, broadcaster, actor, and former Conservative Member of Parliament.
However, on the third count, independent Percy Quirke's preferences flowed overwhelmingly to McHugh, allowing McHugh to take the seat on a shocking 20 percent swing.
In 1872 he became the first Māori to be appointed to the Executive Council, becoming the first indigenous Minister of the Crown.
Manuera Benjamin Riwai "Ben" Couch QSO JP was a New Zealand politician and rugby union player.
Marchi voluntarily left politics in 1999 and was appointed as Canadian ambassador to the World Trade Organization, and the UN Agencies, in Geneva.
Sarawanabavanandan Shanmuganathan was a Sri Lankan Tamil militant, politician and Member of Parliament.
He was discharged from bankruptcy in 2007, and founded the Reform Party in June 2008.
Georgina Manunui te Heuheu QSO is a New Zealand Māori politician.
He resides in Port Colborne with his wife Lisa and their daughters, Logan and Jordan.
Julia Maria Kronlid is a Swedish politician for the Sweden Democrats and a member of the Riksdagen since the 2010 general election.
Fuseini is a Muslim and is married with four children.
She was the first woman to be Speaker of the Australian House of Representatives.
He then became a shopkeeper and orchardist in Inverell.
In 1921 he was appointed as the Military Intelligence Officer of the Ceylon Defence Force.
He served as a councillor on Northamptonshire County Council from 1952 and as an alderman from 1961.
John William Sunderland was an English Labour Party politician.
As postmaster general, he saw the introduction of the Premium Bond scheme and of postcodes.
John Corlett was a British Labour Party politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1945 to 1950 as the Member of Parliament for York.
Gambaro ran under the banner of the Liberal National Party, formed in 2008 after the merger of the Queensland divisions of the Liberal and National parties.
He was self-educated and well-read, and could write shorthand.
In Lindsay, he became president of the Farmers Union Insurance Company.
Irvin William Studer was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
He retired from parliament ahead of the November 1940 election.
Mendelson was educated at the London School of Economics and became a university lecturer in political science.
Paul Lacombe Hatfield was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
As a lawyer he specialized in commercial litigation, and at the time prior to his election was a partner in Affleck Greene McMurtry LLP.
Lal Bahadur Rawal is a member of 2nd Nepalese Constituent Assembly.
A member of the Conservative Party, she is a Life Peer in the House of Lords.
John Hornby Harrison was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
He served on the council for Newcastle from 1907 to 1911 and was mayor in 1913, 1914 and 1916.
Albert Clayton Palmer was an Australian politician.
He was a National Officer of the Transport and General Workers' Union.
Peter Heaton-Jones, is a British journalist and Conservative Party politician who has held senior positions in the media and politics in both the UK and Australia.
He joined the Ceylon Civil Service in its last intake of cadets in 1962.
Rajiva Wijesinha, MA, DPhil is a Sri Lankan writer in English, distinguished for his political analysis as well as creative and critical work.
Born in Perth, to Lillian Frances and Henry McLelland O'Neil, O'Neil went to Aquinas College, and later attended Claremont Teachers College.
He was unsuccessfully contested the 1918 and 1922 general elections in the Harborough division of Leicestershire.
He was elected at the Churchill riding in the 1974 general election and served one term in the 30th Canadian Parliament.
After his comments had become more publicly known in 2013, he stated that he had said it to provoke people.
He married, in 1835, Louisa, the daughter of Robert Fellowes, a wealthy Norfolk squire of Shottisham Park.
In later life, he was elevated to the peerage before fleeing to Monaco at very short notice to avoid prosecution for tax fraud.
William Thomas Goodison was a Liberal party member of the House of Commons of Canada.
He was born in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan and became a barrister and solicitor by career.
Elected as chairman of committees to the House of Representatives, he became Speaker of the Australian House of Representatives in 1934.
In 1893, he left Victoria for Western Australia, where he became a bacon manufacturer in Fremantle, and became known as a local benefactor.
He was born in Exeter, Ontario and became a businessman and school principal by career.
He was mayor of Amherst, Nova Scotia in 1923, and served on that municipality's council for five years.
LaRue did not seek re-election to Parliament after this.
Sir Reginald Victor Wilson KBE was an Australian businessman and politician.
Sir Benjamin Smith was a Labour Party politician in England.
MacRae served as councillor and reeve of Kenyon Township.
Arif Virani MP is a Canadian lawyer and politician.
During this time she also served on the Wellington County Board of Education.
He was born in Saint-Liguori, Quebec and became an insurance broker by career.
He was educated at the University of New South Wales and became a solicitor in 1979.
Following her defeat to Rosindell, she returned to work as a researcher for the Labour MP for West Ham, Tony Banks.
From 1953-64 he was a surgeon in Ipswich and Brisbane.
In the ensuing election, the Liberals were badly defeated, and White was replaced as party leader.
Holly Ruth Walker was a member of the New Zealand House of Representatives from 2011–2014, as a Green Party list MP.
He managed the Liberal campaigns there in the 2011 federal and 2014 provincial elections.
and the Order of Rio Branco from Brazil.
Winston James Griffiths, OBE, known as Win Griffiths, is a British politician, ex-member of Parliament for Bridgend for the Labour Party.
Isaac Nii Djanmah Vanderpuye is a Ghanaian politician and the deputy Greater Accra Regional Minister of Ghana.
In 1976 and 1977, he served as Deputy Whip for the governing Liberals and chaired the Standing Committee on Broadcasting, Films and Assistance to the Arts.
Benjamin Cope Thompson was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
Born in Maryborough, Queensland, he was educated there before becoming a sugar mill chemist and field cane inspector.
In the House of Commons, he served as the Parliamentary Private Secretary to the Minister of Agriculture from 1974 to 1976.
The two parties merged in 1905 in the French Section of the Workers' International.
After finishing his education, he pursued a variety of business and charitable activities.
He was knighted in 1982 and sworn of the Privy Council in 1996.
Anthony Emmanuel Silva was a Sri Lankan Tamil politician and Member of Parliament.
He was known as a hard-line left-winger who opposed any policy moves which he saw as edging Labour away from pure socialism.
His wife died on 10 January 1976 aged 88, and he had pre-deceased her at Balwyn, Victoria, on 10 January 1933 aged 65.
Lauzon has also served as fundraising chairman of the St. Andrews West Roman Catholic Church, which raised over $100,000 for the building's restoration.
Brown was first elected as Member of Parliament for Shoreditch and Finsbury at the 1964 general election.
Michaud won with 42.7% of the vote, defeating incumbent independent MP André Arthur by a margin of 7,793 votes.
He started his career as a journalist in the Ceylon Independent and in The Times of Ceylon.
He is a former Member of Parliament for London North Centre, and is a member of the Liberal Party of Canada.
George Taylor Fulford was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
Leonard James "Len" Reynolds was an Australian politician.
In 1893, he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland as the Labor member for Toowong.
He was survived by his wife, a son and a daughter.
Awais Ahmad Khan Leghari is a Pakistani politician who is currently a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan, belonging to the Pakistan Muslim League.
Kristina Eva Martina Winberg is a Swedish politician and Member of the European Parliament from Sweden.
Emmanuel Armah Kofi Buah is a Ghanaian politician who has served in the government of Ghana as Minister of Energy and Petroleum since 2013.
He also is rapporteur of the Committee on Rules, Privileges and Discipline, one of the ten permanent committees of the Pan-African Parliament.
Maloney served as parliamentary secretary to Canada's Attorney General from 1999 to 2001.
Scott Andrew Buchholz is an Australian politician.
He was one of the founders of the Sri Lanka Freedom Party.
He was first elected to Parliament at the Moose Mountain riding in the 1949 general election.
Harold Best is a Labour Party politician in the United Kingdom.
O'Neill attended school at Almonte then St. Michael's College and the University of Toronto where he attained his Bachelor of Arts degree.
Casson was a member of the Conservative Party of Canada in the House of Commons of Canada, representing the riding of Lethbridge from 1997 to 2011.
He worked as a lawyer and was appointed a senior judge.
In 1920 he transferred to the seat of St George, and in 1927 to Rockdale.
Ewing was educated at Illawarra College in Wollongong, then Oakwoods at Mittagong, and finally night school in Sydney.
She also unsuccessfully attempted to be the Labour candidate for the 2016 London mayoral election.
Rob Parker was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
He was elected in the 1968 federal election at Saint-Jacques riding and was re-elected in five more general elections.
He has also been a member of the Canadian Alliance and the Reform Party of Canada.
Réjean Lefebvre was a member of the Canadian House of Commons from 1993 to 2000.
Born in Sydney, he attended Newington College from 1949 until 1954.
His next campaign was with the CCF in the 1945 federal election where he won his first Parliamentary term at The Battlefords riding.
He briefly returned to television, freelancing for the BBC and Rediffusion’s religious programmes.
Winkler died in the United States in 1970 at Mesa, Arizona.
Benoit felt Laxer had not been on topic.
Kenneth Stephen "Ken" Jasper AM is a former Nationals member for Murray Valley in the Victorian Legislative Assembly.
He was born in Ettrick, Ontario and became a farmer.
Alfred Bates was a British Labour Party politician.
He is a member of the London Assembly for Croydon and Sutton and a councillor in Croydon for Kenley Ward.
F B Simpson died suddenly while playing golf at Headingley, near Leeds in September 1939.
Klausen is a graduate of the University of Aarhus who earned her doctorate at the New School for Social Research in New York.
Senanayake was the Governor of North Central Province and Central Province of Sri Lanka.
He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons in 1911 as a Member of the Liberal Party to represent the riding of Lévis.
He served in the military from 1917-1920 and from 1940-1945.
Gabriel Price was a British Labour Party politician.
During his military service in World War I, he attained the rank of lieutenant.
On his election day, however, he was charged with offences relating to a hit and run incident on 3 October 2000.
Jonathan Sayeed is a British politician who was a Conservative Member of Parliament in the United Kingdom from 1983 to 1992 and from 1997 to 2005.
He was the mastermind behind the Employees' Provident Fund, Petroleum and insurance corporations and the People's Bank in Sri Lanka while in office.
Josée Beaudin is a Canadian politician who was elected to represent the electoral district of Saint-Lambert in the 2008 Canadian federal election.
Stanley Crowther was elected as his successor in the subsequent by-election.
Anthony John Messner AO is a former Australian politician and minister.
Blenkinsop was educated at the Royal Grammar School, Newcastle, and the College of Commerce, Newcastle-upon-Tyne, and became a chartered secretary.
He was a social worker by career.
Kiriella, who is currently being educated at Royal College Colombo.
William Leach was a British Labour Party politician.
^ "Mills tasks new ministers to excel".
He served as the New Democratic Party's Member of Parliament for Toronto—Lakeshore from 1972 to 1974.
He used to be MP for the Hong Kah Group Representation Constituency.
Jeyaratnam Thiviyanathan is a Sri Lankan Tamil politician and former Member of Parliament.
He did not stand in the 2017 general election.
Annabel Young is a former New Zealand politician.
He was a New Democratic Member of Parliament for the Toronto riding of Beaches—East York from 2011 to 2015.
He was born in Fox River, Nova Scotia, the son of George Melville Cochrane and Sarah Soley.
Norman Kenneth Foster was a South Australian federal and state Australian Labor Party politician.
For the 19th century Queensland, Australia legislator see Patrick Perkins.
He was appointed to cabinet in 1941 as Minister of Industry and Publicity.
After a defeat in the 1958 federal election, Leboe returned to Parliament by winning the Cariboo riding in 1962, then was re-elected in 1963 and 1965.
She is a granddaughter of Alfred Reynolds MLA, a former Australian Labor Party member of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly.
He was re-elected at the 1923 and 1924 general elections, and died in office in 1928, aged 47.
On 27 February 1939, Rutherford died before completing his term in the 18th Canadian Parliament, survived by his wife, a son and daughter.
He was elected at the 1945 general election as MP for the two-seat Norwich constituency.
Within Richmond Hill, Menegakis continues to contribute his time to many worthwhile community organizations.
He was the federal Liberal candidate for the Newton-North Delta riding in 2004, but lost to Conservative Gurmant Grewal by just over 500 votes.
He was in the national board of the Labour Party between 1949 and 1953 and deputy chairman of the party group at Stortinget from 1958.
Gilchrist left national politics in 1984 and did not campaign in that year's federal election after being convicted of income tax evasion.
He should not be confused with Jacques Tremblay, who served in the same electoral district for the same political party from 1985 to 1989.
He was the Liberal member for Vaucluse in the New South Wales Legislative Assembly from 1986 till his early death.
Ralph Edward Goodale, PC MP is Canada's Minister of Public Safety in the present Cabinet, headed by Justin Trudeau.
Besides his governmental career, Gale was a member of the Society of Antiquaries and the Royal Society, where he served as treasurer.
However, on 7 October 2013 he was replaced in the reshuffle.
Charles Herbert Pierrepont, 2nd Earl Manvers was an English nobleman and naval officer, the second son of Charles Pierrepont, 1st Earl Manvers.
Ebenezer Okletey Terlabi is a Ghanaian politician and a former deputy Eastern Regional Minister of Ghana.
She was elected to the seat in a by-election on 23 July 2009 following the resignation of Labour MP Ian Gibson after the MPs' expenses scandal.
He held the seat until he retired from the House of Commons at the 1955 general election.
He was born in Baie-des-Sables, Quebec and became an automobile dealer, building contractor and industrialist by career.
Tummon attended public and secondary school in Hastings County.
He returned to become a farmer and grazier at Ingham, Queensland.
He served in the 34th Canadian Parliament after which he was defeated by Bloc Québécois candidate Benoît Sauvageau in the 1993 federal election.
She graduated from the University of Otago Christchurch School of Medicine and became a midwife in Nauru.
He was formerly a member of Singapore's governing People's Action Party and a Member of Parliament from 1980 to 2006.
He is the son of the former Sri Lankan Prime Minister D. M. Jayaratne.
He was a Liberal member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1975 to 1985 representing the riding of Halton—Burlington.
Sturdy was educated at the independent Ashville College.
During the Thatcher years Squire was considered to be a prominent "wet", opposed to the Conservative government's economic and employment policies.
Born in Edinburgh, Scotland, he was a member of the Canadian House of Commons representing Hamilton, Ontario from 1887 to 1891.
ධර්මපාල) ED was the former Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Industries, Housing and Social Services and the Member of Parliament for Hakmana.
William James Johnson was an Australian politician and soldier.
Eglinski is a member of the Conservative Party of Canada.
She is currently studying for a PhD in Biological Anthropology at the University of Kent.
John Gibson served as the company's president at one point.
He was also vice-president of Golf Ball Corporation of Canada, vice-president of Canadian Deepwaterways and Power Association and a director of Northward Mines Ltd.
He regained the seat at the 1929 election, but was defeated again in 1931 and did not stand again.
In 1919, he left the Assembly and was appointed to the Senate as a Nationalist, filling the vacancy caused by Labor Senator James Long's resignation.
In 1983 whilst at the House of Commons, Wainwright "got so drunk that he babbled incoherently".
He is a Member of the United People's Freedom Alliance.
Field was a minister outside Cabinet in a Labour-led government from 2003 to 2005.
Vidura Wickremanayake is a Sri Lankan politician, a member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka.
He retired from the county council in 1932, having been elected a member of Camberwell Borough Council in the previous year.
She was succeeded by Trygve Slagsvold Vedum.
After leaving federal politics McDonald became a Hamilton school trustee in 1964 and returned to business for a decade, running Crystal Glass and Plastics.
He also served as the Chairman of the Dhakshina Sanwardena Adhikariya and as a Director of the Water Board.
He moved to Somerset, where he was a member Shepton Mallet Urban District Council from 1954–68, serving as chairman in 1967-68.
He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons representing the riding of Parry Sound—Muskoka in the 1957 federal election.
While in parliament he acted as Opposition Whip from 7 April 1993 to 26 May 1994.
In 1909 he was behind the public discussion on social issues which led to the famous clash between Prime Minister Andrew Fisher and Rev.
Dhaliwal was a firm supporter of Chrétien against Paul Martin's attempt to force the Liberal leader to retire.
Born in Lanarkshire, he migrated as a child to Australia, where he received a primary education.
Benjamin Charles Spoor PC was a British Labour Party politician.
He represented the electorate of Wairarapa for the National Party from 2005 to 2014.
She was born in Arviat, Northwest Territories, now Nunavut, and is of mixed Icelandic and Inuit descent.
He was critical of the new government's policies and soon crossed the floor to sit as an Independent.
Julia Kate Drown is a British Labour Party politician.
He left his Montreal home and came to the prairies at the age of 15, helping family friend Ernie Keith on his Bow River ranch.
He is a Liberal member of the House of Commons of Canada who was elected in 2015 to represent the Toronto riding of Beaches—East York.
Barry Strachan Gardiner MP is a British Labour Party politician who has been the Member of Parliament for Brent North since 1997.
He practiced law in Quebec City with his brothers Frédéric Dorion and Noël Dorion as well as with Lucien Lacasse.
However, at the next general election in 1950, he lost the seat to the Conservative Party candidate Gerald Nabarro.
He was born in Albany, Prince Edward Island.
He died on 26 December 1994 at the age of 70.
He was defeated in the same riding in 1926, but, won again in 1930.
He was defeated by Progressive Conservative candidate Diane St-Jacques in the 1997 federal election and left Canadian politics after that.
Bolton was also Postmaster of Calf Mountain from 1881 to 1900, and postmaster at Darlingford from 1913 to 1917.
Mohsin Shahnawaz Ranjha is a Pakistani politician who is currently a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan, belonging to the Pakistan Muslim League.
Thamodarampillai Thirunavukarasu was a Sri Lankan Tamil politician and Member of Parliament.
Léon Méthot was a Progressive Conservative Party member of the Senate of Canada.
In Parliament, Marsden was a strong supporter of comprehensive schools.
Arthur Boyle was a politician and grocer.
Khin San Hlaing attended Wetlet State High School and obtained a Bachelor of Laws degree in 1982.
He completed his education in England and spent some time in his uncle's Liverpool business.
He was elected at the Edmonton East electoral district in the 1984 federal election, thus he served in the 33rd Canadian Parliament.
He was a delegate to the 1998 Australian Constitutional Convention, which met to discuss the issue of an Australian republic.
Imran Maharoof is a Sri Lankan politician and Member of Parliament.
He replaced his initial successor, David Laws, having previously returned to government as Minister of State for School Reform in July 2014.
He has represented the riding of Welland in the Canadian House of Commons from 2008 to 2015 as a member of the New Democratic Party.
In 1931, the Conservatives regained the seat.
Hetland attended school at Watson, Saskatchewan then studied at the Agricultural College in Fargo, North Dakota.
He lost his seat in 2015 and was elected to Manchester City Council a year later.
He has prosecuted in numerous cases for the CPS during his career, while acting principally as a defence lawyer specialising in human rights issues.
Herridge was unable to win the Kindersely seat in the 1940 federal election, however, coming in third place.
He represented the electoral district of Timmins in the Canadian House of Commons from 1949 to 1957 as a member of the Liberal Party.
He died on 23 August 2013 at the age of 87 from complications of a stroke suffered in December 2012.
Many put this down to concern about loss of forestry jobs under Labor's environment policy, which had the potential to adversely affect O'Byrne's electorate.
Frederick Charles Watkins was a Labour Party politician in England.
He was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States and became an agent and newspaper publisher by career.
He was also a captain in the 106th Winnipeg Light Infantry Regiment as a medical officer.
He was a medical practitioner and a management consultant before entering politics.
She was a teacher and farmer before entering politics.
He was born in Montreal, Quebec and became a businessman and trader by career.
John Gratton Wilson was an Australian politician.
Appointment as the senior official in the Party brought Perry to London with nine-year-old Fred.
He became Parliamentary Assistant to the Minister of Trade and Commerce in 1957.
When his son, John W. died in January 1960, William T. Lucas and Charlotte Perrin, his parents were listed as survivors.
He was born in Dundas, Ontario and became a merchant and textile dyer by career.
He also invested in dairying and gold mining.
He serves in the States of Limburg since the 2015 elections, and previously served between 2007 and 2011.
As well he served as a member of the Executive and Vice-Chair respectively as a member of the Canada-Israel and Canada-US Inter-Parliamentary Groups.
Benjamin was first elected to the Canadian House of Commons in 1968 as a New Democratic Party MP from Saskatchewan.
Beverley Joan "Bev" Oda, PC is a retired Canadian politician.
He began a cable TV company in Hamilton which he sold in 1979.
Born in Kitchener, Ontario, he was the son of J. M. Schneider, the founder of the meat packing company bearing his name.
Frederick Worsemao Armah Blay, popularly called Freddie Blay, is a Ghanaian lawyer and politician.
Gilbert Fillion was a member of the Canadian House of Commons from 1993 to 1997.
He was the father of Barry Beyerstein, scientific skeptic and professor of psychology.
Edmund Maxwell Cameron "Max" Fox, CBE was an Australian politician.
Keith Robert Simpson is a British politician and military historian.
A Liberal, he was re-elected in 1963, 1965, and 1968.
He became a tutor at Queen's College in logic and philosophy, political economy and history, and law and was admitted to the bar in 1903.
First elected in the 2006 federal election, Van Kesteren defeated Liberal candidate Jim Comiskey by 5,616 votes in the then riding of Chatham-Kent—Essex.
Steven John "Steve" Dargavel is a former Australian politician.
George William Shaw was an Australian politician.
He was posthumously awarded the Medal of the Order of Australia in the 2017 Queen's Birthday Honours.
Since October 2015, she has sat in the House of Lords.
He belongs to the United National Party.
He lost the election in 1904 in the riding of Middlesex North to Valentine Ratz, both of whom were Liberal candidates.
He has also served as the chief organiser for the SLFP in the Devinuwara electorate from 2010 to 2014.
John Howard Falloon CNZM was a New Zealand politician.
In 1977, he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland as the Liberal member for Southport.
The girls were frightened as the rooms were full of spiders and filthy.
Upon the completion of his degree at Oxford, Kent Hughes returned to Australia, seeking a career in politics.
He is also the co-founder of the international Internet-based market research firm YouGov of which he was Chief Executive until February 2010.
Senator Polley has had various other occupations, including administrative roles and work in finance, transport and manufacturing.
Born at Rochester, Victoria, he was educated in Ballarat at St Patrick's College.
Jeffery was educated at the University of Western Ontario and at Osgoode Hall Law School.
He was elected to Ampara electorate in 1977 as a Member of Parliament from the United National Party.
Before entering the Parliament, he was Chief Executive Officer of the Aboriginal Health Service in Morwell, Victoria.
Moussa Diakité was a Guinean politician during the presidency of Ahmed Sékou Touré.
Lang was defeated in the 1984 election by John Reimer of the Progressive Conservative party.
Robert Storrie Guthrie was a Scottish-born Australian politician.
In the next federal election in 1968, he was elected at Richelieu, and re-elected two more times there in the 1972 and 1974 federal elections.
He was defeated again in 1914, and retired, dying in 1920.
Arnold John Malone was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
Richard Langton Baker was a Canadian politician.
He was arrested as a Naxalite Prisoner in 1982 along with Vijaya Kumaratunga for printing the "Rice ration book".
Henare Whakatau Uru was a New Zealand politician.
Mumtaz Ahmed Tarar is a Pakistani politician who is currently a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan, belonging to the Pakistan Muslim League.
Joseph Guillaume Bossé was a politician and lawyer.
In 1980, aged 25, he was promoted to Deputy General Secretary, a position he held until 1990.
Patrick Walter Brown, MPP is a Canadian politician who is the leader of the Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario and Ontario's Leader of the Official Opposition.
ticket then appointed as Deputy Minister of Justice & Cultural Affairs by Chandrika Kumaratunge.
He was born in Saint-André, New Brunswick and earned a Bachelor of Arts degree at St. Francis Xavier University in Halifax.
Thereafter he served as He was Government Agent, Kegalle before taking up the post of Controller of Imports Exports.
legislature in the 1960 general election as the member for Vancouver East, and held this seat until his retirement in 1986.
Subsequently, she served as Rail minister from July 2014 to July 2016.
By the 2002 South Australian state election, the Liberal MP for the electorate of Fisher, Bob Such, had left the party and become an independent.
He has also been chair of the board at St. Michael's Hospital, and Covenant House.
Thero mother name is Siriyawathi Father was Mr.Sumatipala.
In 1917 he became a member of the Liberal Party's successor, the Nationalist Party of Australia.
He was also vice-president of the federal permanent committee of Transport, Infrastructure and Communities.
James Aitchison Johnston Hunter was an Australian politician.
He was involved in local politics as a member of Yass Municipal Council.
He held the seat until his resignation in 1925; Charles Grant was appointed to replace him.
Knott was defeated at the 1996 election, but contested the 2001 election for the ALP.
He held the seat until 1949, when he was defeated by Country candidate Hugh Roberton.
He died in 1958, and was accorded a state funeral in Perth.
Dirie is also the founder and Executive Director of The Asha Gelle Foundation.
On 8 October 2012 Boyce announced her intention to retire and therefore not contest the 2013 federal election.
He is a non-executive director of Africa Practice Ltd and is Chair of Pupil Asset Ltd.
Robert Milne was a farmer who sat in Canadian House of Commons during the 1920s as a Progressive Party MP.
One example of this was the price agreement he secured with foreign glassmakers that saved "countless" jobs in his constituency.
At the inquest, his son said that his father had taken to drinking heavily.
He was the first aboriginal Canadian elected to the House of Commons.
He worked in stables and was occasionally a jockey.
Kelly was not thought to be in any danger given her large majority, and her defeat came as a surprise to most commentators.
He was born in Cornwall, Ontario and became a barrister and lawyer by career.
Win Myint is a Burmese politician and former political prisoner who has been Speaker of the House of Representatives of Myanmar since 2016.
After serving only one term, the 24th Canadian Parliament, Creaghan was defeated in his riding in the 1962 election by Sherwood Rideout of the Liberal party.
Born in Derby, Waterson was a railwayman and activist in his trade union.
Leonard Thomas "Len" Devine was an Australian politician.
Labor has not come close to winning the seat since then, only tallying 45 percent of the two-party vote once.
This incident began in May 2005 with the anonymous posting of a hoax Wikipedia article with false, negative allegations about John Seigenthaler, a well-known American journalist.
He was a Labor member of the Australian House of Representatives from 1998 to 2016, representing the Division of Oxley, Queensland.
He did not run for re-election in the 1940 election.
After his second term in the House of Commons, Leclerc did not seek further re-election in the 1945 federal election.
Twelve years later the pew was turned into a reading desk and the brass plate was lost until 1831 when the church was demolished.
Riel sought to preserve Métis rights and culture as their homelands in the Northwest came progressively under the Canadian sphere of influence.
He won the Parry Sound seat in the 1935 federal election and was re-elected there in 1940.
He was elected party leader on March 28, 2015.
William D. "Bill" Casey, MP, is a Canadian politician from Nova Scotia.
One of Smith's campaign managers in the 1949 election was Barney Danson, who later became a cabinet minister.
Marshall Baillieu is a former Australian politician.
In the 1972 election, Lamoureux again ran as an Independent, this time both the Tories and the NDP ran candidates against him.
He also implemented the introduction of FM radio and the abolition of television and radio licence fees.
The authorities also refused to reinstate five nurses, and three hundred nurses walked out again.
Andrew James MacKay is a British Conservative Party politician, and was the Member of Parliament for Bracknell in Berkshire from 1997 to 2010.
He has worked as a consultant since leaving politics.
In February 1917, Labor moved a motion of censure against the government, and Johnston indicated his intention to move an amendment.
He was defeated in 1977, when he was demoted to third position on the Labor ticket to make room for Gareth Evans.
Raja Kuhaneswaran is a Sri Lankan Tamil politician and former Member of Parliament.
Jeewan Kumaranatunga is a Sri Lankan film actor who later became a politician, a member of the parliament and a government minister.
She began her schooling in Egypt while her father was posted there but most of her school days were spent at Wymondham College in Norfolk.
After serving one term, the 18th Canadian Parliament, Ferguson was defeated by George Stanley White of the National Government party.
Marcus Fysh is a British Conservative Party politician.
Caroline Julie Porte Ansell is a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom.
Imran Hussain is a British Labour Party politician and a barrister.
He held that position until 1949, when he transferred to federal politics, defeating former New South Wales Premier Jack Lang for the new seat of Blaxland.
He was re-elected in 1926 then became a Liberal Progressive.
John Mouat Turner was a Canadian politician.
Rachel Anne Squire was a British Labour Party politician in Scotland.
Bryce does not appear to have played a significant role in the operations of the provincial party.
Born in Scotland and attracted by the gold rushes in Victoria and the West Coast, he was later the proprietor of a series of newspapers.
Follwell was defeated by Lee Grills of the Progressive Conservative party in the 1957 election.
He was born in Stewiacke, Nova Scotia and became a contractor and lumber merchant.
He died in Melbourne, survived by his wife.
Charles Pierrepont, 1st Earl Manvers was an English nobleman and naval officer.
He managed the family property, Kensington Downs, along with his brothers between 1902 and 1914, when he enlisted in World War I.
He was shuffled out of the post in July 2013, shortly after the Lac-Megantic train disaster.
He works in the retail, wholesale and hospitality sectors.
He was a Member of Parliament for Wilton and chief equerry to King George III.
He is an Honorary Fellow at the School of Social and Environmental Enquiry, University of Melbourne.
John Alexander Wallace was a Canadian politician, engineer and farmer.
He died at the age of 59 in 1985.
Very little is known of his life after politics.
He was reportedly compelled to change his surname from Degenhardt to Russell by the bank.
He was a Cabinet Minister, and was Minister of Defence from 1974 to 1975 in the Third Labour Government.
Sir Cyril Irvine Patnick OBE was a British businessman and former Conservative Party politician.
Labor was defeated at the 1993 state election and Taylor became Leader of the Opposition in February 1994 when Lawrence resigned to enter federal parliament.
However, it was a short-lived success, as the Conservative John Greenway regained Ryedale at the 1987 general election.
Honourable Gladys Asmah was a Ghanaian politician and entrepreneur.
He was defeated in the 1930 election.
Johnson was killed in action two weeks later.
He served as a governor of Charterhouse School from 1958 to 1990, and on the council of the University of East Anglia from 1975 to 1982.
Elizabeth Boscawen, daughter of George Boscawen, 3rd Viscount Falmouth, on 23 June 1808.
He was defeated in the 1949 election.
"I did not see it personally and only said it in the House, not committee.
She has been a parliamentary assistant to Geert Wilders since 4 May 2009.
He was elected to the Opposition Shadow Ministry after the 2004 election and appointed Shadow Minister for Pacific Islands.
Hartshorn was President of the South Wales Miners' Federation, and a member of the National Executive of the Miners' Federation of Great Britain.
Sir Ivan Neill, KBE, PC was a British Army officer and Unionist politician from Northern Ireland.
Henri Guaino is a French political speechwriter and politician.
He began his involvement in politics by volunteering on the campaigns of Jean Lapierre, the Liberal MP for Shefford from 1979 to 1993.
In October 2012, Leef ran in the Goodlife Fitness Victoria Marathon to raise money for the Canadian Diabetes Association.
Hackman Owusu-Agyemang was the member of Parliament for New Juabeng North constituency in Ghana.
He worked as a neurosurgeon until 2001, publishing over 50 book chapters and journal articles.
He was elected to the new Brighton and Hove Council in 1996 and was Deputy Leader until resigning from the Council in March 1998.
Jones was a cabinet minister in the Fifth Labour Government of New Zealand.
Cheeseman was born in Christchurch, New Zealand.
Considered for a Senate seat in 2004, Leung remains an active member of the Liberal party and supported Sam Sullivan's bid of mayor of Vancouver.
After his death, numerous allegations of child sexual abuse by Smith emerged, leading the police to believe that Smith was a serial sex offender.
Both he and his father were charged with treason in 1956 along with 154 other anti-apartheid activists, all of whom including the Matthews, were acquitted.
Ernest "Ern" Wetherell was an Australian politician and a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly from 1949 until 1965.
The City of Winnipeg named McCreary Road in his honour.
He is the maternal grandson of Western Australian businessman and politician Nat Harper.
He was apprenticed as a carpenter at 15.
He was first elected Member of Parliament in 1757.
He became an engineer and diesel engine fitter and served with the Home Guard during World War II.
In 1903, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives for the Free Trade Party, emphatically defeating Protectionist Francis Clarke for the seat of Cowper.
He was a public servant by career.
Chaudhry Tahir Bashir Cheema is a Pakistani politician who is currently a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan, belonging to the Pakistan Muslim League.
He emigrated to Australia in 1885, becoming a bank officer, and a stock and station agent.
His political stances were Eurosceptic, an advocate of Irish republicanism regarding Northern Ireland, and opposed to abortion and the abolition of Section 28.
Massey joined the Royal Canadian Air Force in 1940 and reached the rank of group captain.
Ferguson's granduncle was Thomas Roberts Ferguson, a member of Ontario's first Legislative Assembly and of Canada's first Parliament.
Education: Kyiv Frunze Higher All-Army College, army intelligence; Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv, MA in Finance
He continued representing his constituency as an independent for the remainder of the parliamentary term.
A member of the New Zealand National Party, Groser was a Member of Parliament between 2005 and 2015, and a cabinet minister between 2008 and 2015.
He served in the Cabinet under three prime ministers - Pierre Trudeau, John Turner and Jean Chrétien.
Born in Paddington, London, Abbott studied History at Newnham College, Cambridge.
William Burton MacDiarmid was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
James William Baskin was a Canadian politician, businessman and lumberman.
He took much interest in the free-trade movement and was also a follower of Henry George.
He migrated to Australia in 1912, where he became an organiser of the Shop Assistants' Union and of the Socialist Party.
In 1895, he married Elizabeth Ellen Webster.
Kay represented the Division of Forde, Queensland.
He was born in Cornwall, Ontario and became a shipowner.
He sat on Preston City Council and was a member of the 1947 Royal Commission on Victorian Education.
He has been a Labor member of the Australian House of Representatives since September 2013, representing the Division of Scullin, Victoria.
He was defeated by Norman Alexander McLarty of the Liberal party in the 1935 federal election.
In 2003 he lost his bid for re-election.
He was the Member of Parliament for Kirkcaldy from 1987 to 2005.
Clement Frank "Clem" Ridley was an Australian politician.
Richard John Joseph Durante was a Liberal Party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
Pablo Rodríguez PC MP is a Canadian Member of Parliament.
Pratten Park, the original home ground of Western Suburbs DRLFC in Ashfield, was so named in his honour.
MacKinnon had earlier served as a minister in the governments of Sir Charles Court and Ray O'Connor.
He was educated at St Peter's School, Swinton and Salford Grammar School.
He was Chair of the National Executive Committee of the Labour Party from 1932 to 1933.
At that time, he was the youngest Federal MP ever to reach the status of parliamentary secretary.
Gallus retired at the 2004 election and was replaced as the Liberal candidate by Simon Birmingham, who lost the seat to Georganas by just 108 votes.
He worked in the City of London for Lloyd George Management before setting up his own company, Somerset Capital Management.
Anthony Allan Staley, AO is an Australian politician and businessman.
He was born in United States and became an advertising consultant, industrialist and sales and marketing consultant by career.
Born in Sydney, he was educated at the University of Sydney and then Sydney College of Advanced Education, becoming a teacher.
In 1936 Jack was invited to rejoin the party and was sent to Frome to assist Mick O'Halloran.
Joseph Alcide Simard was a Ralliement créditiste member of the Canadian House of Commons.
Dissanayake Mudiyanse Ralahamilage Lionel Gamini Dissanayake was a prominent Sri Lankan politician, a powerful minister of the United National Party, and Leader of the Opposition.
She was the Liberal Member of Parliament for Thornhill in the Canadian House of Commons from 2004-08.
Phyllis Azeem is a Pakistani politician who is currently a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan, belonging to the Pakistan Muslim League.
He was re-elected there in the 1940 election.
He was Member of Parliament for Lewisham South from 1959 until the general election of February 1974, when the constituency was abolished by boundary changes.
Born in Melbourne, he moved to South Australia as a child and received a primary education in Adelaide.
Karima Souid ; born in Vénissieux is a Tunisiain politician, and a member of the Democratic Forum for Labour and Liberties.
Sarath Chandrasiri Muthukumarana is a Sri Lankan Politician and a member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka from Anuradhapura.
Deirdre Mary Grusovin AM was a member of the New South Wales Parliament for twenty five years.
On 24 August 1949, he resigned from the House of Commons and accepted an appointment as a judge of the Superior Court of Quebec.
Her combative style and reputation for flamboyance were trademarks of her political career.
Young accepted his deselection with good grace.
She was a public servant from 1966 to 1987, and a freelance writer, editor and consultant from 1987 to 1992.
After the war he became a drover and horse breaker, as well as an organiser for the Liberal Party.
He was a logger and lumber merchant by career.
He served in the Royal Navy's Fleet Air Arm and was a lecturer for the National Council of Labour Colleges.
At the time of her retirement, she was the second longest-serving MP in Parliament, being in her tenth term of office.
He was appointed a Member of the Order of Australia in 2005.
Olof Hanson was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
He remained in the Council until 1958, but left the Labor Party in 1955, joining the Australian Labor Party, which later became the Democratic Labor Party.
John Nunziata is a Canadian lawyer and former politician.
May is an Earth Charter International Commission member.
Kelly went into the election holding Dawson with a seemingly safe majority of over 10 percent.
He was elected to the BC legislature in the 1952 provincial election at the Delta electoral district as a provincial Social Credit candidate.
Chungsen Leung is a Taiwanese born Canadian businessman and Conservative politician who was formerly the MP for Willowdale.
For the 19th-century New York politician, see Stephen H. Hammond.
He was also the first Leader of the House of Representatives.
Smith defeated her in a 1996 rematch as part of the landslide that swept the Keating government from office that year.
She was the first peer to pledge the oath of allegiance in the House of Lords in Gaelic.
She was first elected as MP for the Ayr constituency in 1997, and resigned from a government job in 2003 over the Iraq War.
Dorothy Helen Mayer was an Australian politician.
A member of the Australian Labor Party since 1968, Fisher was active in Labor politics in the far west of New South Wales.
Featherstone took her seat as a member of the House of Lords on the Opposition benches on 26 November 2015.
He continued to serve in the RAAF Reserve after the war, rising to the rank of wing commander.
Arbib is currently a senior executive with James Packer's private investment company, Consolidated Press Holdings.
Hafeez Ur Rehman Khan Drishak is a Pakistani politician who is currently a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan, belonging to the Pakistan Muslim League.
Fifteen years later, after Fiset resigned from Parliament to become Quebec's Lieutenant-Governor, d'Anjou returned to the Rimouski riding, winning in the 1940 election.
He is also the Member of Parliament for the Navrongo Central constituency in Ghana.
Sisira Jayakody MP is a politician and member of the 15th Parliament of Sri Lanka representing Gampaha.
He was married to Carol d'Abo, sister of musician & broadcaster Mike d'Abo, and they adopted a son Matthew and a daughter Annabel.
He formerly managed a stevedoring company and led the New Zealand Stevedoring Employers Association; he holds a sea captain's certificate.
John Taylor Watkinson was a British Labour Party politician, barrister and teacher.
He died at the age of 95 on 5 March 2014.
In the 2009 election she was elected to the Lok Sabha from Sitapur in Uttar Pradesh.
Born in Batiscan, Quebec, he was a farmer and life insurance agent by career.
Much of the material included in the two volumes mentioned in the description was amassed during these tours.
Thomas held the position of Minister of State at the Department for International Development and, following the 2010 election, joined the shadow frontbench team.
Oras Tynkkynen is a Member of the Parliament of Finland, representing the Green League.
Luke Anthony Hall is a British Conservative politician.
At the 1951 general election he lost his seat to the Liberal candidate Arthur Holt.
Roger Holeindre is a French Army veteran, politician and author.
As a result, Conservative Party leader David Cameron withdrew the whip from Conway, effectively expelling him from the Parliamentary Conservative group.
He was chair of Merseyside Fire authority in the 1990s.
In 1966, riding boundaries were changed and Danforth won at the new Kent—Essex riding in the 1968 federal election and again in the 1972 election.
As Shadow Minister, Sercombe put out a series of policy announcements about expanding Australia's relationship with that region.
He is married and has four children.
He held the seat until his defeat in 1943 by future Labor minister Nelson Lemmon.
She was a clerk, secretary, and community worker before entering politics.
In 1903, he unsuccessfully attempted to defeat prominent Protectionist and former Premier of New South Wales William Lyne in his seat of Hume.
Lawson was an important part of the World War II effort in Australia, and was appointed to the Economic Cabinet in 1939.
He was first elected to Parliament at the Lanark riding in a by-election on 29 July 1929.
He held the seat until his defeat in 1972.
In the SCG split over the NATO intervention in Kosovo in 1999, he supported intervention.
At about that time Jack served on the Royal Commission inquiring into the licensing of bookmakers.
He also worked for the Indian Army from 1963 to 1966.
Lily Tirtasana Neo is a Singaporean medical practitioner and politician.
John Andrew W. Drysdale was a Progressive Conservative party member of the House of Commons of Canada.
Born to John Kotelawala a police inspector, and his brother was Sir John Kotelawala 3rd Prime Minister of Sri Lanka.
Fletcher Bath Wade was a Canadian politician and barrister.
He also owned an oyster farm on Moreton Island.
In 1975, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Liberal Senator for Western Australia.
As the Conservative candidate for Totnes in the general election in 2010 she won the seat with an increased majority, increasing it still further in 2015.
He is currently the oldest serving MP in the 42nd Parliament.
Mamadi Keïta was a leading Guinean politician and member of the Politburo of the First Republic of Guinea.
After serving one term, the 29th Canadian Parliament, he was defeated at Coast Chilcotin by Jack Pearsall of the Liberal party in the 1974 election.
The son of William John McClenaghan and Sarah Boyd, he was educated in Ottawa and went into business there.
In 1910, Douglas received a Royal Humane Society Medal for life saving.
From 1968 to 1970, he was Parliamentary Secretary to Bryce Mackasey, then the Minister of Labour.
John Michael "Jack" Mullens was an Australian politician.
He comes from a family with a strong political history.
She also clashed with the former party leader, David Cameron, describing him and George Osborne as "two arrogant posh boys".
A Liberal, he was re-elected in 1944.
He was awarded a Distinguished Service Order for his services in the war.
He was first elected in the 2005 General Election, and then re elected in the 2010 and 2015 elections.
He has been the Member of Parliament for Middlesbrough in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom since 2012.
Marier was educated at Drummondville, at Nicolet Seminary then at the University of Montreal where he received his Bachelor of Arts and Doctor of Laws degrees.
Born in York, he was educated in England and became a business manager.
However, in 2006 UNP leader Ranil Wickramasinghe removed from all of his positions in the party as a result of internal crisis against the leadership.
Pavlo Petrovych Kostenko is a Ukrainian politician and civic activist, Member of Parliament of Ukraine of 8th convocation, member of the Parliamentary faction Samopomich Union.
Joseph-Rodolphe Ouimet was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
Veldman worked as a policy worker for the municipalities of Geldermalsen, Eindhoven, Arnhem and Helmond between 1996 and 2010.
Bruce's report was disowned by the government at the time and he was dismissed from his duties, while his conservative patron, Hughes, was obliged to resign.
On 20 June 2017, she was elected unopposed as Deputy Leader of the Liberal Democrats.
Born in Montreal, Quebec, Dr. Patry was a general practitioner and one of the founders of the Pierrefonds Medical Clinic.
Wollaston was born in Woking, and studied medicine at Guy's Hospital in London.
She is a member of the Reform Party, part of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe.
At the subsequent by-election, the new Labor candidate, Benjamin Bennett, once again defeated Conroy.
Lars Anders Isovaara is a Swedish civil engineer and former politician of the social conservative Sweden Democrats.
He attended Trinity Western University, earning a diploma in aviation technology, and subsequently joined what was then the Canadian Forces Air Command.
He was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire in 1946.
In 1974 Hueglin was defeated by the Liberal candidate.
Teresa Ellen Gorman was a British politician.
Brand died in 1979 and was buried in Apple Tree Creek Cemetery.
He was also a Sri Lanka Ambassador to the Netherlands.
Shayne Kenneth Neumann is an Australian politician.
She failed to get elected, coming eight and last amongst the UPFA candidates.
Sir Ross Hutchinson, DFC was an Australian rules footballer, coach and politician.
Roger Gale was an English scholar and antiquary as well as a member of Parliament for Northallerton.
As Secretary of State, she was in charge of Canada's Centennial celebrations in 1967.
He was born in Strathlorne, Nova Scotia and became an auditor, barrister, journalist and student.
He was first selected in 1914 as Labour candidate for Leith Burghs to contest the by-election when he came third.
Their daughters were Lois and Valentine, the latter of whom married the historian Mark Arnold-Forster.
He was admitted to the Worshipful Company of Merchant Taylors on 10 December 1656.
Frank Claus Christian was a Social Credit party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
He ran a trucking enterprise in the Yukon, owned a grocery store, and also worked in business development.
Charles Duncan was a British Labour Party politician.
Wilkins was a linotype operator for a Bristol newspaper and was President of the Bristol branch of the Typographical Association.
However, he had only a slim majority - 412 votes - and lost the seat in the 1931 general election.
Gibson was born at Vancouver, British Columbia.
In 1990, Hargreaves founded the Movement for Christian Democracy, with Liberal Democrat MP David Alton, and served as Vice Chairman.
His son-in-law was Premier of Nova Scotia Gerald Regan, and his grandchildren are journalist Nancy Regan, politician Geoff Regan, and actress Laura Regan.
Robert R. Goguen QC is a former Canadian politician, who was elected to the Canadian House of Commons in the 2011 election.
But until then, "the Liberal party was the working man’s only hope".
He then became part of a syndicate formed to continue construction of the railway.
He was the last surviving member of the 1935-1937 Senate.
Mark Todd became Chairman of Derbyshire Healthcare NHS Foundation Trust in January 2014.
He contested the 1922 election as a member of the Liberal Party, a group of disaffected Nationalists opposing the leadership of Prime Minister Billy Hughes.
He was re-elected in 1958 and 1962.
Sir Joseph Percival William Mallalieu, known after his knighthood as Sir William Mallalieu, was a British Labour Party politician, journalist and author.
He fought Woolwich West in 1931 and Greenwich in 1935 without success before winning the Greenwich seat in the 1945 general election.
Later he accompanied Charles II to France and also travelled to Spain.
Victor Quelch was a farmer, a soldier in the Canadian Army, and was also a long serving Canadian federal politician.
He was replaced in this capacity by Greg Rickford on July 15, 2013.
He was born in Vancouver, British Columbia and became an inspector by career.
John Charlesworth Dodgson-Charlesworth was a British colliery owner and Member of Parliament for Wakefield between 1857 and 1859.
Daniel Stephen Zeichner is a British Labour Party politician.
He served as the Member of Parliament for Birmingham Yardley from 2005 to 2015.
He holds a Bachelor of Agribusiness Marketing.
McDonald is the first SNP MP to represent Cumbernauld, Kilsyth and Kirkintilloch East, which covers parts of the North Lanarkshire and East Dunbartonshire council areas.
Adele Faccio was an Italian politician and deputy of the Radical Party.
Scott A. Brison PC MP is a Canadian politician from Nova Scotia.
Robinson defeated McGuren, and became Assistant Minister assisting the Postmaster-General, Alan Hulme, on 20 August 1971.
Jones later unsuccessfully ran as an independent candidate for the Senate at the 1977 federal election before moving to Western Australia and assuming a low profile.
Benjamin Walter Gardner was Labour Party MP for Upton in West Ham.
She applied unsuccessfully for reinstatement to the Tory caucus.
He was not reappointed to the ministry after the November 1937 election.
Watson retained the seat again in 2017 with a swing toward him of 1.8% winning the seat by 4.1% after preferences.
He was also a Minister for Employment and Social Welfare in Ghana.
Perras died in Ottawa on 28 June 1936 from a short illness before completing his term in the 18th Canadian Parliament.
was a chief minister during the reigns of King Mindon and Thibaw, as well as a colonial civil servant.
Through his commercial activities he acquired several large plantations in Jamaica and Guyana, worked initially by enslaved Africans.
Harrison was defeated in 1958 by Bert Cadieu of the Progressive Conservative party.
However, he died in 1924, and Joseph Hannan was appointed as his replacement.
He was re-elected in 2012 and 2016.
He went to St. Joseph's College on a football scholarship, and earned a teaching certificate from the Ontario College of Education.
Frederick Primrose Whitman was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
He was found guilty on some of the charges in August 2009 and was sentenced to six years jail in October 2009.
Born in Sofala, New South Wales, he received a primary education, and held various jobs including a miner, farmhand and teacher.
After finishing his second term, Fairfield did not campaign for further terms in federal office.
Yogeswaran was a member of the Tamil United Liberation Front.
Henk Leenders was named as the replacement for Çegerek, and was expected to serve until December 2013.
Gary Douglas Hardgrave is an Australian politician who from July 2014 to March 2017 was Administrator of Norfolk Island.
George Banton was a Labour politician in England.
Prior to his federal political experience, he was reeve and councilor of Percy Township, Ontario.
The daughter of Jean-Joseph Beauchamp and Élisa Décary, she was educated at the Convent d'Hochelaga.
William Hesketh Lever, 1st Viscount Leverhulme was an English industrialist, philanthropist, and politician.
He is also Parliamentary Convenor of the Trade Union Co-ordinating Group of eight left-wing trade unions representing over half a million workers.
Tunne-Väldo Kelam is an Estonian politician and Member of the European Parliament from Estonia.
He finished in sixth place while Bernard Cleary of the Bloc Québécois won the riding.
He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons in the 1930 election as a Member of the Conservative Party to represent the riding of Pontiac.
He was first elected to Parliament at the Perth South riding in the 1925 general election then re-elected in 1925, 1926 and 1930.
Stewart John West, Australian politician, was the Australian Labor Party member for the Division of Cunningham in New South Wales.
He was promoted to colonel in June 1918 and discharged in September 1919.
From 1947 to 1950, he and Joe Collings were the joint Fathers of the Senate, and from 1950 until his retirement, Brown was the sole Father.
Edwin Wilkie "Ted" Corboy was an Australian politician.
Martin van Beek is a Dutch politician, he is a member of the Senate for the Party for Freedom since 28 March 2017.
When this second split was resolved, Mulcahy again joined the federal ALP.
He was an MP from 1984 to 1999, representing the National Party, and a Government Minister until 1996.
He was killed in the Brighton hotel bombing.
He died in Souris, Prince Edward Island in 1912.
She was reelected in the 2015 election.
His successor in the subsequent by-election was George Morton.
He has served as the Assistant Minister to the Treasurer since 24 January 2017.
Making public disclosure of the details of the release and informing any victims of such release.
Harold Putnam, KC was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
He lost the riding and left Canadian politics afterwards.
Helen Olivia Bicknell Whately is a British Conservative Party politician.
In 1885 he married Julia Gray, daughter of Sir William Gray of West Hartlepool, in 1885.
In November 2012, GMP Assistant Chief Constable Steve Heywood said there was "overwhelming evidence" that young boys were sexually and physically abused by Smith.
He was educated at the Palmadulla Gangkanda Vidyalaya, Taxila Central College, Horana, Aquinas College, and at the Sri Lanka Law College.
He won 54.7% of the popular vote, defeating his nearest challenger, Tom Manley, by over 14,000 votes.
However, he retired before the federal election of the next year, becoming a public servant in Sydney.
His grandmother Panagiota emigrated from Greece following World War II, and later became an organizer for the New Democratic Party's leaders Tommy Douglas and Stephen Lewis.
Kettering-born, Bradley was educated at Kettering Central School and worked in the mines during World War II.
Pathmini Sithamparanathan is a Sri Lankan Tamil politician and former Member of Parliament.
He was a Member of Parliament from 1991 to 2011, representing the Tiong Bahru division under the Tanjong Pagar Group Representation Constituency.
He campaigned again for Parliament in the 1957 election.
She was married to Anthony William Maloney, a former justice of the Supreme Court of Ontario.
Blaney was appointed the New Democratic Party critic for multiculturalism and the deputy critic for Infrastructure and Communities in the 42nd Canadian Parliament.
Elected with a large majority in the Bloc stronghold, he became the Bloc critic for seniors' issues.
He was principal of Norwich Continuation School for four years.
In November 2015, following allegations of financial misconduct, McGarry withdrew from the party whip while the matter was investigated.
On January 22, 2015, Chan revealed to the public that he would take a five-week leave of absence while undergoing treatment for nasopharyngeal cancer.
The resulting by-election for his seat was won by the Conservative Party candidate, James Lockwood.
He served on Ryde Municipal Council, Sydney City Council and Cumberland County Council.
He was one of only three Labor members elected to the first Parliament from Victoria.
He was re-elected in 1953, 1957, 1958, 1962, 1963 and 1965.
He is one of the few politicians who have retained their seats in parliament throughout the Fourth Republic of Ghana.
He was President of the Institute of Trading Standards Administration and secured legislation regulating car insurance and the descriptions of consumer goods.
Ferguson retired from parliament at the 2013 Australian federal election.
He received an Order of the British Empire for his work in re-establishing a functioning judicial system in the Netherlands following World War II.
He was first elected in a by-election at the St. Lawrence—St.
The Party whip was returned to Dorries on 8 May 2013 and she was re-admitted to the parliamentary party.
He was an original member of the Victorian Farmers' Union and long a radical campaigner for farming interests.
He believed that "behind the scenes" activity often produced the best results.
Later in 2000 He was appointed as the Chief Minister of North Western Province
Scholes later accused Kerr of bad faith for making an appointment to receive the Speaker, and then not waiting to hear from him before dissolving Parliament.
Louis-Alphonse Boyer was a Quebec merchant and political figure.
Gamini Vijith Vijithamuni Soysa is a Sri Lankan politician.
Prosser was a member of the Opposition Shadow Ministry from 1990 to 1996.
A surprising choice perhaps given his own religion, but the Gladstones were anything but a conventional family.
After working as a trade union lawyer, he was elected as the MP for Leeds East at the 2015 general election.
Welbourn first ran for a seat in the Canadian House of Commons as a Liberal candidate in the 1945 federal election.
He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons in 1925 as a Member of the Conservative Party to represent the riding of St. Antoine.
He was Member of Parliament for Birmingham Yardley from 1979, until he lost the seat by 162 votes to future Labour minister Estelle Morris in 1992.
He was first elected to the Canadian House of Commons in a by-election in November 1999, winning 92% of votes cast.
He is a Liberal member of the Australian House of Representatives, representing the Division of Hume in New South Wales, since 7 September 2013.
He was born in Montreal, Quebec and became an insurance broker by career.
From 1968 to 1972, he was a trustee and later chairman of the Victoria School Board.
Francis Brennan was an Australian lawyer and Australian Labor Party politician.
Sir Māui Wiremu Pita Naera Pōmare KBE CMG was a New Zealand doctor and politician, being counted among the more prominent Māori political figures.
A Conservative, he was elected as the Member of Parliament for the constituency of Finchley and Golders Green at the 2010 general election.
Alexandros Panagoulis was a Greek politician and poet.
He was the Deputy Minister of Culture and Social Services
She holds a master's degree from the London School of Economics and a law degree from McGill University.
In early 2011 he started as a policy worker for the Party for Freedom at the European Parliament.
She was appointed by President John Evan Atta Mills and served till January 2013.
On 26 June 1806, he was made a captain in the 4th West India Regiment and on 2 October exchanged into the 91st Foot.
He is a national list member of the Sri Lankan Parliament.
Squire was born and raised in South West London.
She won the riding in that election, and was re-elected in the 2011 election.
Throughout her political career Maynard advocated policies on the left of the Labour Party and chaired the left-wing Campaign Group.
He was president of the Coonamble branch of the Australian Labor Party and was president of the Castlereagh Electorate council.
Megan Cherie Woods is the Labour Party Member of Parliament for the Wigram electorate of the New Zealand Parliament.
André Gillet was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
He was notable for having been one of the first area candidates to use his photo on his campaign signs, featuring his trademark moustache.
He was re-elected as a Liberal party member in the 2000 federal election.
Racine was again defeated by Perron in 1963 but won the seat back in 1965 for one final Parliamentary term.
On November 4, 2015, Garneau was appointed as Minister of Transport in the 29th Canadian Ministry.
He represented the Quebec electoral district of Beauharnois—Salaberry since his election there in the 1962 federal election.
Patterson was a councillor for Carleton County, New Brunswick from 1925 to 1935.
2 in the Legislative Council, and in 1947 for the House of Assembly seat of Torrens.
He was the first Canadian MP of Malayali descent.
In 1920, he married Eva Richardson, the daughter of senator Henry Westman Richardson.
During his federal political career, he was Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Agriculture and Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Forestry.
Judith Church is a former politician in the United Kingdom.
D'Ath is currently the Attorney-General of Queensland, Minister for Justice and Minister for Training and Skills.
He served on the Standing Committee on Agriculture until the 1974 election, when Cadieu defeated him in a rematch.
At the blockade, Senator Devereux announced his resignation from the ALP in protest against its policies on forest issues.
He served as president of the ASRS for eight years, and in 1899 served on the Royal Commission on Accidents to Railwaymen.
Mazari joined the Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf in 2008 and was elected to the National Assembly in 2013 from Punjab.
He was the Minister for Health from December 1991 to February 1995.
He then became a research officer and, from 1996, an organiser for the Australian Manufacturing Workers Union.
He was then returned for the new Nottingham North constituency, and died in office in May 1959, aged 59.
His vote trailed not just Fewchuk, but also the New Democratic and Reform party candidates.
Weatherhead was defeated after each of these Parliamentary terms.
Ozanne suffered serious injuries in a fall at the Middle Park railway station on 31 December 1959.
Current member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka, and is the Hon.
It represented the first time that Labor had won Herbert since the 1993 federal election.
On 7 October 2013, he was appointed Parliamentary Under Secretary of State at the Ministry of Justice.
William Dobbie CBE was a British Labour politician.
He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons in 1887 as Member of the Liberal Party in the riding of Victoria North.
He served as a minister from 1990 until 1996 in both the Hawke and Keating ministries.
He was defeated after one term of office by Bernard Pilon of the Liberal party in the 1962 election.
Born in Audenshaw, Walker was educated at Manchester College of Technology and became a toolmaker.
Robert William Ludovic Lindsay was an English-born Australian politician.
He served as the Veterans Affairs critic for the Alliance.
He invests in business opportunities and manages the company’s portfolio of assets.
She served in the Conservative Party of Canada caucus.
Syed Ghazi Gulab Jamal is a Pakistani politician who is currently a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan.
Calabro was born in Sant'Alessio in Aspromonte near Reggio Calabria, Italy, to Antonio, a master bootmaker, and Maria Romeo.
His seat had long been one of the safest Labor seats in the country, but demographic change made the seat substantially less safe for Labor.
in January 1929 and promoted colonel in July.
He was born in Battersea, the son of Edmund Burke and Jane Mary Nugent.
He is also a Vice-Chairman of the Canada China Business Council.
He reneged on this promise but continued to campaign for greater Territory control of Northern Territory affairs.
After switching allegiance to the Liberal Party, he was re-elected in the 2000 general election.
Wilson is a chartered accountant and lives in West Vancouver.
Demers was defeated in the 1958 election by Rodrigue Bourdages of the Progressive Conservative party.
Kronlid currently sits on the Riksdagens Committee on Foreign Affairs specializing in foreign politics and humanitarian assistance politics for other countries.
The team defeated Reform Party with 78.6% of the votes.
He represented the British Columbia riding of Kootenay East, which in some elections was known as Kootenay East—Revelstoke.
He went on to establish Sri Palee College in Horana, based on the Rabindranath Tagore's Shantiniketan in 1934.
He was Under-Secretary of State for the Home Department from 1929 to 1931.
It is believed that his crimes included genocide, mass murder, rape and arson.
A collection of his writing on various sports, mostly written for The Spectator magazine, was published as Sporting Days.
He represented Gloucester until his surprise defeat in 1970 by the Conservative candidate, Sally Oppenheim-Barnes.
He donated his manuscript collection to his alma mater in 1738, and died in 1744.
Bennett for a term that lasted until 1937.
However, he returned to the House of Commons the following year at a by-election in the safe Conservative seat of East Grinstead.
Hughes endorsed Niki Ashton in the 2012 NDP leadership election.
He kept his position in Croydon Council's cabinet but stepped down as Deputy Leader.
In December 2013, his role in the Anti-Apartheid Movement was praised in Parliament during tributes to Nelson Mandela.
On 9 June 2009 he was the first Scottish Labour MP to call for Gordon Brown to stand down as prime minister.
He later worked for then Egmont Member of Parliament George Henderson, as well as then Premier of Prince Edward Island, Joe Ghiz.
She became an Arthritis Research UK Arthritis Champion in 2015.
His political involvement in the Red River Settlement from then on led to his capture at Fort Garry where he was held hostage with others.
Following re-election at the 1941 election, Robinson died in office in 1943, survived by his widow, three daughters and one son.
He was an alderman on Blacktown City Council from 1981 until 1987 and served as deputy mayor in 1984-1985.
She is the Chairman of the Estimates Committee of Singapore Parliament.
Razik is remembered for the establishment of the Muslim Ladies College with his own land.
Roberts was born in London and educated in Guernsey.
Short was elected on 17 March 2001 at a by-election following the resignation of John Moore in what was normally a safe Liberal seat.
He was elected again, increasing his majority and vote share in the 2017 general election.
He was first elected as MP for the Wrekin in 2005 and has served on the Transport, Works & Pensions, Wales, and Environmental Audit select committees.
Born in Forbes, New South Wales, he was educated at Catholic schools before becoming a post office worker and stock agent.
Field has campaigned against poverty and low pay throughout his career.
He was also a Federal Liberal MP in the Canadian House of Commons from 1993 to 2004.
Charles Harvey Combe was a Conservative Member of Parliament from 1892 and 1897 for the English constituency of Chertsey.
He was defeated in Lalor at the 1966 election.
At the 1962 election, O'Neil successfully transferred to the newly created seat of East Melville, which was a safe seat for the Liberals throughout its existence.
He worked at Hydro-Québec for 22 years as an environmental engineering specialist.
Morley was prosecuted and on 7 April 2011 pleaded guilty in Southwark Crown Court to two counts of false accounting, involving over £30,000.
Llwyd was Plaid Cymru's Westminster parliamentary group leader.
Between 1871 and 1878, he was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Nova Scotia for Hants County.
He was a member of the House of Representatives 1984–2001, a minister in Paul Keating's government, and a member of the City of Sydney Council 2004–08.
A controversial figure, Considine was pressured to resign from the Australian Labor Party.
Webb joined the Labour Party in 1922 as a teenager and was a well-known political journalist, including for the Daily Herald.
David Frank Bellotti was a British Liberal Democrat politician who was Member of Parliament for the Eastbourne constituency from 1990 to 1992.
James Fitzpatrick is a British Labour Party politician, who has been the Member of Parliament for Poplar and Limehouse since the 2010 general election.
In 1919, he left the Assembly and was elected to the Australian Senate as a Nationalist Senator for Tasmania.
He was involved in local politics and sat on Perth City Council, serving as mayor in 1895; he was also a pastoralist and company director.
Richard George Caborn is a British Labour Party politician, who was the Member of Parliament for Sheffield Central from 1983 to 2010.
He was president of the Prince Edward Liberal-Conservative Association.
However, the pro-LTTE TamilNet claimed that Shanmuganathan had been the victim of an internal conflict within the PLOTE.
Gagnon was defeated by Rosaire Gauthier of the Liberal party.
In 1917, he sustained major injuries in battle.
He was first elected at the Halifax riding in the 1957 general election.
Diane Finley, PC, MP is a Canadian politician.
His political career began in 1885 when he was elected to the New South Wales Legislative Assembly as the Member for Murray.
He was removed from a position as a catechist in the Quebec Diocese of Joliette during 2010.
She was elected to represent the electoral district of Edmonton East in the House of Commons of Canada from 1941 to 1945.
He was Member of Parliament for Manchester Ardwick from 1950 to 1970, when he retired.
From 1957 to 1960 he was New South Wales State President of the Liberal Party.
He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons as a Member of the Liberal Party in 1891 to represent the riding of Durham West.
Douglas King Hazen was a Progressive Conservative party and National Government member of the Canadian House of Commons.
Petrie Bowen Wells, known as Bowen Wells, is a retired Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom.
In May 1994 when Liberal Leader John Hewson called a leadership spill, Staley as Liberal President caused controversy when he withdrew his support for Hewson.
He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons as a Member of the Liberal Party to represent the riding of Shefford in the 1945 election.
Born in Rainbow, Victoria, he attended Longerenong Agricultural College before becoming a farmer.
According to Percival Serle, "Wade was a public-spirited man of high character.
He was the chief prosecutor at the notorious Camp Boiro.
Mike Allen Hammah is a politician and the current Minister for Lands and Natural Resources of Ghana.
Matthews died on 19 August 2010 at the Milpark Hospital in Johannesburg.
He is a member of the Conservative Party.
Frederick Henry Francis was an Australian politician.
He also controversially accepted an invitation to visit Francoist Spain, returning with favourable reports on the régime.
He was a Defence minister from 2010 to 2012.
Jean-Guy Dubois was a Liberal Party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
He made another unsuccessful bid to return to federal Parliament in the 1997 federal election at the Kelowna riding.
In a parliamentary debate on 22 October 2015, he stated, "I am, I believe, the first Member of the British Parliament to be of Burmese heritage."
Marc-André Morin is a Canadian politician, who was elected to the House of Commons of Canada in the 2011 election.
Kenneth James Higson was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
John Edmund Swan was a Labour Party politician in England.
She was elected as the Conservative Member of Parliament for Morley and Outwood at the 2015 general election defeating Shadow Chancellor Ed Balls.
Joseph Tinker also introduced the first legislation which brought equal funding to Catholic schools in the UK.
Rupa Karunathilake, Stanley Jayasinghe and Ravindra Rupasena.
In 1945 a Bar was added to his DSC for sinking of a German U-boat.
Born in Maitland, New South Wales, he was educated at Sydney Grammar School and subsequently attended the University of Edinburgh.
He held the seat until 1913, when he was defeated by William Fleming, representing the Commonwealth Liberal Party.
He was an MP until 1997, and then elevated to the House of Lords.
Born in Harden, New South Wales, he was educated at state schools before attending the University of Sydney.
He was educated at Harrow School where he was Head of School and Christ's College, Cambridge where he gained a MA in Economics and Law.
with the thesis "The Influence of Socialism on 20th.
Robert John Blizzard is a British Labour Party politician, who was Labour's Prospective Parliamentary Candidate for Waveney at the 2010 General Election and again in 2015.
In 2011 he was elected as the acting speaker of the Finnish parliament.
He was an organiser and eventually the President of the Shop Assistants' Union.
In 1922 he founded the Lady Lever Art Gallery at Port Sunlight in Cheshire which he dedicated to his late wife Elizabeth.
He was a thorn in the side of the black marketeers and his activities led to the closing of many loopholes."
He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons in 1887 as a Member of the historical Conservative Party to represent the riding of Shefford.
A member of parliament for three years, he was notorious for involvement in the homosexual scandal and trial of Boulton and Park.
Thiviyanathan was born on 20 April 1952.
Brisco served in the 30th, 31st and 33rd Canadian Parliaments.
Originally trained as a teacher, McWilliams became a journalist in 1877, rising to editor of the Launceston Telegraph in 1883.
She was Labour Member of Parliament for Romford from 1997 to 2001, when she lost her seat to Conservative Andrew Rosindell.
Govinda's first film was 1986's Ilzaam, and he has appeared in over 165 Hindi films.
Ernest Alfred Roberts was a Labor member of the Australian House of Representatives from 1908 to 1913.
In 1990, Newell was preselected as the Australian Labor Party candidate for Richmond, a historically rural seat in northern New South Wales.
Robinson describes herself as a born-again Christian, and has publicly stated that "the government has the responsibility to uphold God's laws".
Faqeer Sher Muhammad Bilaiani is a Pakistani politician who is currently a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan, belonging to the Pakistan Peoples Party.
He was defeated at the 1983 election, when he was required to take second place on the Democrats ticket in deference to party leader Don Chipp.
He was the sole Liberal in Australia to unseat a sitting Labor MP at the 2007 election, defeating Kim Wilkie by 164 votes.
Charles Jonas Thornton was a political figure in Durham, Ontario.
He sat as a Liberal from 1979 to 1990, and later as an independent.
However, this was to assist him in gaining re-election in 2001.
After leaving politics he became a hotel owner.
Leadbitter was a teacher, and served as a councillor on West Hartlepool Borough Council.
On 29 February 2012, he announced his intention to retire owing to ill health.
Rutherford attended Chatham Collegiate Institute, the University of Toronto then University College London for postgraduate studies.
He represented Renfrew North in the Canadian House of Commons from 1867 to 1869 as a Conservative.
Crossin was born in Melbourne and was educated at Deakin University, where she graduated in education.
Block was Waldheim's first female mayor, and also served as chairperson of the Gabriel Springs Health District.
Alfred Henry Gill was an English Labour Member of Parliament for Bolton.
He was active in local Labor Party politics, and was elected to the New South Wales Legislative Council in 1943.
His son Ryan was the Conservative candidate in Vancouver East in the 2008 election, losing to Libby Davies of the NDP.
He was, however, a member of several Legislative Assembly committees, and served as Opposition Whip from 1947 to 1950, following the defeat of Wise's government.
He was the Member of Parliament for East Lothian from 2015, until he lost his seat at the snap 2017 general election.
Martyn was born on 14 March 1908.
In 1974, Everett transferred to federal politics, winning a Tasmanian seat in the Australian Senate for the Labor Party.
He also had an early interest in aviation and broadcasting.
Born at Forth, Tasmania, he was educated at state schools before becoming a farmer.
From 1996 to 1998, he was Shadow Minister for Defence, and from 1998 to 2001, Shadow Minister for Industrial Relations.
He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons in the 1921 election as a Member of the Progressive Party.
Born in London, Corbet spent some time as a teacher in Cornwall before moving back to London to work with her husband in his shop.
He was sworn as a Privy Councillor in 1924, when he was appointed as Minister of Pensions in Ramsay MacDonald's First Labour Government.
From crown attorney in northern Alberta to Canadian Cabinet minister, Kilgour ended his 27-year tenure in the Canadian House of Commons as an Independent MP.
In business, Jackman built the Empire Life group of financial service companies during the Great Depression.
He first campaigned in the Saskatchewan riding of Prince Albert during the 1979 federal election, where he lost to former Prime Minister John Diefenbaker.
As of 2008, Campbell is the founding chairman of Green Cross Australia and current chair of Earth Charter Australia.
His first attempt at federal office was in the 1953 federal election where he was defeated by Liberal candidate Léopold Langlois at the Gaspé riding.
Francesco "Frank" Calabro, AM was an Australian politician.
In 1835, he was elected to the 13th Parliament of Upper Canada for the new riding of Huron.
George Boyce was a politician and farmer.
At the end of the 37th Canadian Parliament, Asselin was the Bloc's Forestry critic.
John Colinton Moore AO is a former Australian politician.
He teaches economics at Cégep régional de Lanaudière.
His resignation became official on January 5, 2015, shortly before Wynne called the by-election.
Dib was born in Lebanon and migrated to Australia with his family when he was two years old.
Born in Nelson, New Brunswick, Maloney was a lumber merchant.
So he leaned forward, turned the knob on the heart machine, the green light went around, and he said, 'There, you've lost—it's 311.'
In 1996 he returned full-time to the mayor's chair by acclamation, and was re-elected as mayor in 1999 and 2002.
Samson is an Acadian and is a native of Petit-de-Grat, Isle Madame, Nova Scotia.
He was the Speaker of the State Council of Ceylon and a member of the Legislative Council of Ceylon.
He was re-elected in 1949, 1953, 1957 and 1958 then defeated in 1962.
She served as the Parliamentary Secretary to the Treasurer in the Abbott Government from December 2014.
He was a recipient of the Queen Elizabeth II Diamond Jubilee Medal.
He was defeated in 1947, but re-elected in 1950.
He served until the 1993 election, when he was defeated by Liberal candidate Stan Dromisky.
Héon attended Victoria Commercial College in Victoriaville, St Charles College in Sherbrooke, then the Université de Montréal attaining Bachelor of Arts and Master of Laws degrees.
In 1950, Wallace lost to Conservative Dame Patricia Hornsby-Smith by 167 votes.
McHugh returned to state politics, winning the seat of Light in 1941 and holding it until 1944.
The results were ignored by the Burmese generals who overturned the election and imprisoned NLD members.
Chairman of the Ways and Means and Deputy Speaker of the Northern Ireland House of Commons from 7 June 1921 until his death.
Peter Donald Shack is a former Australian politician.
He was born in New Glasgow, Nova Scotia, the son of Colin Rankin and Mary Robertson, and was educated in Carleton, Nova Scotia.
In April 2017, he announced that he would not be standing as a candidate in the 2017 General Election.
The constituency was then abolished and in 1950 Usborne was elected in the marginal constituency of Birmingham Yardley.
He is also a member of the Pan-African Parliament.
Scott Jeffrey Reid, MP, is a Canadian politician.
Montagu Venables-Bertie, 2nd Earl of Abingdon PC, styled Hon.
Lewis was educated at the University of Saskatchewan and Presbyterian College in Saskatoon.
At the 1885 general election de Cobain was elected Member of Parliament for Belfast East.
In 1906, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the member for Fremantle, representing the Western Australian Party as its only representative.
Bakeer Markar is a former Vice President of the United National Party.
Richardson made two previous unsuccessful attempts to enter Parliament in the 1972 and 1974 federal elections at Regina—Lake Centre electoral district.
Michael Jerome Young was an Australian politician.
Campbell obtained a Bachelor of Agricultural degree and later worked as a Research and Regional Economist with the Queensland Department of Primary Industries.
He is a member of the National Party.
Edward James "Jack" Holloway, Australian politician, was born in Hobart, the son of a stonemason.
He has done doctoral studies at McGill University, Carleton University and Providence Seminary.
Sir George Middleton was a Labour Party politician in the United Kingdom who served as Member of Parliament for Carlisle in the 1920s and 1930s.
William Skoreyko was a businessman, service station owner, and a member of the Parliament of Canada from 1958 to 1979.
He is also the chairman of World Air Ltd a travel agency in Sri Lanka.
Andrew James Barr is an Australian politician and Chief Minister of the Australian Capital Territory.
On 11 October 2014, Newmark announced that he would stand down at the 2015 general election following media exposure of his personal life.
She is an assistant to the Mayor of Perpignan, Jean-Paul Alduy and an English teacher.
A founding member of the United National Party he retained his seat for Colombo central in the House of Representatives of Ceylon for three times running.
Arthur Hollins CBE was the Labour Member of Parliament for Hanley in Staffordshire, England.
He was born in Wellington, Ontario and became a canner and manufacturer.
He was defeated by the Conservative candidate Joe Preston in the 2004 election.
He was first elected to Parliament at the Peterborough West federal riding in the 1925 general election then re-elected in 1926 and 1930.
May was acclaimed as the Liberal Party's candidate in Cambridge for the 2015 federal election in May 2015.
He was the National Party member for Redlands in the Legislative Assembly of Queensland from 1995 to 2001.
In the 1968 election, he was elected to a third term in the district of Vaudreuil.
Lewis Johnstone Lovett was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
Jowhari apologized on November 14, 2016 for incorrectly selling himself to voters as a professional engineer during the 2015 federal election campaign.
In July 1966, he was made a life peer as Baron Cooper of Stockton Heath, of Stockton Heath in the County Palatine of Chester.
St-Denis did not stand for re-election in 2015.
He joined the Labour Party in 1922 and became a member of Bristol City Council in 1936, serving for ten years.
And if they had wanted to they could have executed him.
In November 2014, he became Critic for Tourism and Small Business.
Previously he worked as a truck driver and labourer.
Sir David John Gordon was an Australian politician.
De Silva is a lawyer by profession and received his secondary education at Nalanda College, Colombo.
Township Councillor of Southwold Township, Ontario 1978-1980
Stacey was defeated in the Labor victory at the 1943 federal election, although he had previously been reported as being "supremely confident" of retaining his seat.
In September 2008 Lynda joined the Government as Assistant Regional Minister for the West Midlands.
When he was about 20 he moved to Western Australia to become a goldminer.
He was a minister at the Northern Ireland Office from 1992–1993, resigning after his support for failed businessman Asil Nadir damaged his reputation.
He was re-elected in the 1957 election, but fell to Progressive Conservative Eric Stefanson in John Diefenbaker's landslide victory of 1958.
Prior to being elected to parliament, he worked as a senior interviewer for Statistics Canada.
He currently serves as a Pyithu Hluttaw MP for Tamwe Township.
After being elected to the House of Representatives at the 1990 election, Bevis served on a number of committees.
Edward Gunasekara is a Sri Lankan politician, a former member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka and a former government minister.
He is the Member of Parliament for the Cumbernauld, Kilsyth and Kirkintilloch East constituency.
Muhammad Ayaz Soomro is a Pakistani politician who is currently a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan, belonging to the Pakistan Peoples Party.
He was elected as Member of Parliament for Manchester Ardwick at a by-election in June 1931, following the death of the Labour MP Thomas Lowth.
From 2008 to 2011 she served as New Zealand's first woman Minister of Education.
Foster was re-elected at the 1945 general election, but died aged 60 in 1947, before completing his first full term in parliament.
With others, Boultbee established the North York Sentinel and served as its editor for several years.
In 2001 Sadasivan was elected to the Parliament of Singapore for the Cheng San–Seletar division of the Ang Mo Kio Group Representation Constituency.
He failed to be elected in Batticaloa district where he contested and secured last place in the list.
He remained Defence Minister, until resigning from parliament a year later.
Michael Grahame "Mike" Ward JP is a former Green Party of Aotearoa New Zealand politician.
Stacey was elected to the House of Representatives at the 1931 federal election, defeating long-term Labor MP George Edwin Yates.
Kelly was born in Tarlee, South Australia and educated at Prince Alfred College, Adelaide.
Reilly was first elected to parliament at the 2001 state election and was subsequently re-elected at the 2004 state election and 2006 state election.
Ormiston was re-elected in 1962, 1963 and 1965.
He was secretary of the Transport Workers' Union and also sat on the councils of Canning Shire and its successor Canning Town.
After an initial unsuccessful attempt to win the Durham riding in the 1958 federal election, he won that seat in the 1962 election.
Hynd was elected to the Legislative Assembly at the 1986 state election for Nerang, a new electorate created with the enlargement of parliament that year.
In 1992 he became National Director of the American Chamber of Commerce in Australia, resigning in 2013.
He married Jane Langridge the same year.
That year he published The Practice of the Local Courts of Western Australia.
William Mortimer Clarence Denham was a New Zealand politician of the Labour Party.
He returned to Parliament in 2015, defeating Alexander in the reconfigured riding of Ajax.
Christopher William Bunting was an Irish-born politician, merchant, newspaper owner and newspaper publisher.
Born in Western Australia, he was educated at state schools before becoming a railways officer, rising to become President of the Railway Officers' Union.
He died at Parramatta on 8 October 1936 and was survived by his wife, a daughter and two sons.
From 2004 to 2009 he was the chief whip of the opposition and also the general secretary for Kandy district of united national party.
Joseph Phillip O'Keefe was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
Born in Auckland, New Zealand, he was educated there at Auckland Grammar School.
Sidney Dye, JP was a British Labour Party politician.
He was appointed by President John Evan Atta Mills and served till January 2013.
He was born in Grand Rapids, Minnesota, United States and became a miner by career.
He resigned his seat on 3 April 1941, and died later that year, aged 65.
White established a legal practice in Galt in 1939, and became involved in civic life.
Rowland suffered a swing of 4.79 points against her, making Greenway one of the most marginal seats in the country.
He represented Canterbury at both cricket and rugby union, and was an Independent Member of Parliament for Southern Maori.
He was a District Council of Terowie councillor for eleven years.
Ian Douglas Macdonald, Australian politician, has been a Liberal member of the Australian Senate since July 1990, representing Queensland.
An Australian child prodigy who recited Shakespeare, she had a career in theatre and ballet.
Fuhr was born in Edmonton, and grew up in Kamloops.
She was the Member of Parliament for Mid Dorset and North Poole from the 2001 general election to 2015.
At the 2013 state redistribution, the seat of the Marrickville was abolished and was replaced with the seats of Newtown and Summer Hill.
He was defeated at the 2007 election when he was third on the SA Liberal ticket but only two Liberal candidates were elected.
He also wrote novels, under the pseudonym Elias Kræmmer.
Dennis Joseph Mills is a Canadian businessman and former politician.
He attended Collège Ste-Marie and the University of Ottawa.
Sir Archibald was Deputy Lieutenant of Dunbartonshire and for Stirlingshire.
He then returned to Tasmanian politics, serving in the House of Assembly from 1912 to 1913 and again from 1925 to 1928.
In 2013, he left his position as chief of staff to the Treasurer to become the Executive Director of the Chifley Research Centre.
Edmund Boyd Osler was a Canadian politician and Liberal member of the Canadian House of Commons.
After that disbanded in 2001, he became a member of the Liberal Democrats.
In 1984, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for Tasmania.
In 1958, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Liberal member for Kalgoorlie.
He was born in Dundas, Ontario and became an agent and merchant.
He won the hotly contested election and came out on top of a field of 4 candidates.
However, prior to the 1989 election, Mount Marshall was abolished in a redistribution, with Schell instead contesting the neighbouring Liberal-held seat of Moore.
His methods, however, failed to secure Tamils' rights in the face of opposition from Sinhalese Buddhist nationalists.
He held the seat until his retirement in 1906.
Donald Leslie Chipp, AO was an Australian politician, and the inaugural leader of the Australian Democrats.
Robert Weld Mitchell MBE was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons and a lawyer.
From 1987 to 1993 he served as a city councillor in Boischatel, Quebec.
Despite this, he is frequently referred to as the "Father of Manitoba".
He served in Afghanistan in 2010-2011 as part of the Royal 22nd Regiment.
Abul Kalam Azad is a Member of Parliament and former information minister of Bangladesh.
Minns was a Hurstville City Councillor and served as deputy mayor; he also worked on the staff of Carl Scully and John Robertson.
Later, he was Vice-President of the Wool Section in the Farmers' Union of Western Australia.
Sinclair McKnight Stevens, PC was a Canadian lawyer, businessman and cabinet minister.
He received his primary education from the Dharmika School, Katukurunda, Habaraduwa and his secondary education at Mahinda College, Galle.
His career has been in health and safety fields.
In 1917 he joined John Scaddan in leaving the anti-conscription Labor party for the pro-conscription National Labor movement.
He was first elected to Parliament at the Cumberland riding in the 1925 general election then re-elected there in 1926 and 1930.
He is a member of the Labour Party.
Andrew was awarded an Officer of the Order of Australia in the 2008 Australia Day awards.
Susan Barbara Jeanes is an Australian politician.
From 2009 to 2010 she was Minister of State with responsibility for Public Health at the Department of Health.
Born in Lennoxville, Canada East, the son of Thomas Coke Alcorn and Martha A. Bartlett, he was educated at the Toronto Grammar and Model Grammar Schools.
In 1998, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the member for Parkes, representing the Nationals.
As a senator, Walker continued to focus on finance, although his views on social policy sometimes saw him on the outside of his party.
Dianne Fae Yates is a New Zealand politician.
Philip Martin Dunne is a British Conservative Party politician and the Member of Parliament for the Ludlow constituency in Shropshire.
He died on 22 August 2002 at Indooroopilly.
She is a board member of the Countryside Alliance, a pro-hunting organisation.
Joseph Aimé Roger Parizeau was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
On 9 October 2012, a motion of no confidence in Slipper as Speaker of the House was narrowly defeated.
Thomas Patrick Healy was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
He also trained at the Henry Ford Hospital in Detroit, Michigan, from 1985 to 1989, and became a Fellow of Harvard University in 1990.
Born in Melbourne, he was educated at Wesley College and the University of London before becoming a doctor and farmer near Warrnambool.
He held the seat of Encounter Bay until the election of 1902, at which he unsuccessfully contested the seat of Alexandra.
"All efforts are being made to get rid of these people in the society," he said.
He is an honorary member of the Geelong Philatelic Society .
In 2004, however, he contested McMillan again after a redistribution erased the Labor majority and made it notionally Liberal.
He became an articled clerk and was admitted to the bar in September 1874 and set up his own practice in 1877 in Sale.
Gibson was appointed a Member of the Order of Australia in June 1988, and received the Centenary Medal in 2000.
In 1999, he helped lead his union into the Canadian Union of Public Employees.
John William Maloney was a Liberal Member of Parliament in the Canadian House of Commons for the constituency of Northumberland, from 1945 to 1949.
Bradley was among the Labour MPs who defected to the new Social Democratic Party in 1981.
In 1833, he exchanged positions with John George Nathaniel Gibbes who was the Collector of Customs in the major East Anglian port of Great Yarmouth.
In 1944, he married Helen Margaret Kelly.
He came in seventh, receiving 135 votes and winning only 0.24% of the vote.
After serving his only federal term, the 23rd Canadian Parliament, he was defeated by Vincent Brassard of the Progressive Conservative party in the 1958 election.
Born in 1958, Al-Qallaf studied Sharia law before being elected to the National Assembly in 1996.
He was born in Montreal, Quebec and became a contractor, farmer and manager by career.
He was an economist and market research expert and was secretary of the Labour Party's research department.
He later became a barrister, called by Gray's Inn in 1931, and practised in Birmingham.
Disliking the narrow curriculum of classics, he could not translate Latin very well.
Myint Thein remained a close ally of the NLD's imprisoned leader, Aung San Suu Kyi.
At the time he lost his seat he was the Liberal Democrats' spokesman on Higher and Further Education.
He is the member of the Alliance in Legco.
Two years later, Baker chose to instead contest a seat in the Legislative Council, and was successful.
By profession, Lindblad is a dentist, graduating at Gothenburg University in 1977.
Rogers was elected Member of Parliament for Birmingham Moseley at the 1918 General Election.
He held the seat until his defeat in 1961.
Richard Speight was an English-born commissioner of railways in the Australian state of Victoria, serving between 1883 and 1892.
Gerry Ritz, PC, MP is a Canadian politician and member of the Canadian House of Commons for Battlefords—Lloydminster.
Keith Webb Wright was an Australian politician, educator and convicted child rapist.
William Patrick "Bill" Ashley was an Australian politician.
He was Mayor of Salford in 1933/34.
From 1977 to 1991, he was based in New Glasgow.
John Sylvester Aloysius Sinnott was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
After completing one term, the 18th Canadian Parliament, Gosselin left federal politics and did not seek another term in the 1940 election.
In 2004, Griffiths was deselected as the Labour candidate for Reading East by her local party.
She has been a senior policy advisor to the Green Party since 2006 and has stood for the party in the last three general elections.
Michael David Wills, Baron Wills PC is a British Labour Party politician, who was the Member of Parliament for Swindon North from 1997 to 2010.
From 2003 to 2007, he sat on the Nord-Trøndelag County Board for Agriculture.
She was a member of Liverpool County Borough Council from 1930 to 1961.
Cameron was elected to the House of Representatives at the 1922 federal election for the Liberal Party, a splinter group from the governing Nationalist Party.
He did not stand again until the 1874 general election, when he was an unsuccessful candidate in Barnstaple.
Irwin was born in Sydney and was variously a bank officer, trade union administration officer and electorate officer before entering politics.
In recognition of her work, she was a recipient of the Queen Elizabeth II Diamond Jubilee Medal in 2012.
He was first elected at the Lambton West riding in the 1962 general election, then re-elected there in 1963 and 1965.
He received the largest number of votes in his constituency, Rodopi.
David Buddo was a New Zealand politician and member of the Liberal Party.
He stood for the seat in 1918, won it from the Unionists in 1922, but lost it to the Liberals in 1923.
Winnipeg named Jamison Avenue  [sic] in his honour.
Mowat was appointed to the bench prior to the 1921 federal election freeing up the riding for Spence to contest.
He was an insurance executive and businessman by career.
He was a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly from the 2011 election until 2014, representing the electorate of Charlestown.
He was born in Brisbane, Queensland and was a pharmacist before entering the Parliament of Australia.
He was first elected to Parliament at the Stormont riding in the 1930 general election.
He entered politics in the 1980s and was elected to the Kandy Municipal Council and served as the Mayor of Kandy for two consecutive terms.
He was a Chartered Accountant by career.
On 28 March 1932 he married a hairdresser, Kathleen Mary Cuttriss, at St Mary's Catholic Cathedral, Hobart.
Acrimonious debates included that over the adoption of a new Canadian flag as well as the Munsinger Affair and other scandals.
In the 1935 federal election he ran as a Liberal candidate in Neepawa and was returned to the Canadian House of Commons.
Junita Carolina Kloppers-Lourens is a South African politician and former educationist, a Member of Parliament with the Democratic Alliance.
(Irene) Sheila Faith was a British politician and dental surgeon.
His difficulties in this regard were widely reported on in the media.
However he largely concentrated on the issue of road safety, a focus of much of his career with the police force.
Rene was elected to Town of Ajax Council in 1980 and re-elected 1982 and 1985.
His final post at the Ministry of Defence from 1967 to 1969 was as Minister of Defence.
After serving one term in the House of Commons, Chambers was defeated by George Pearkes of the Progressive Conservatives in the 1945 election.
He was born in Bailieboro, Ontario in 1875 to John William and Margaret Lucas, both of Irish descent.
Mya Oo is a Burmese politician and physician.
After serving one term, the 24th Canadian Parliament, Latour lost his seat in the 1962 election to Vincent Drouin of the Liberal party.
He subsequently expanded the farm to 3,300 acres as well as developing custom spraying and trucking business.
He stood down from the European Parliament in 1994 and left the UK parliament at the 2005 general election.
She is a member of the Liberal Party of Canada.
He was re-elected in 1945, 1949, 1953 and 1957.
Annika Qarlsson is a Swedish Centre Party politician.
Having secured preselection, he went on to defeat longtime Liberal incumbent Stewart McArthur with a 6.6% swing.
Çegerek's time in the House ended on 23 March 2017.
He is the replacement for former army chief Sarath Fonseka in Sri Lanka's parliament.
Senate President Paul Calvert ruled that the gesture was "unseemly but not obscene."
In 1983, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Labor member for Leichhardt.
In 1972, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Liberal member for Petrie.
In 1946, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for South Australia.
Arachchige Jayatissa Ranaweera is a Sri Lankan politician, former member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka and a former government minister.
He served in the British Army and was wounded in World War I.
Speaker was born and raised in Enchant, Alberta where he farms to this day.
In 1892 he was elected Chairman of Te Kotahitanga, the movement for an autonomous Māori parliament, at its first meeting at Waipatu.
In 1880, Bradlaugh was elected as the Liberal MP for Northampton.
Chapman expressed opposition to the development of the Franklin River Dam.
He held the seat until he retired from the House of Commons at the 1964 general election.
He is currently the Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Democratic Institutions.
William Gordon Ritchie was a Progressive Conservative party member of the House of Commons of Canada.
He belonged to the Labour Party and the Co-operative Party, and served as a Member of Parliament for Wolverhampton North East from 1992 to 2010.
Nicole Roy-Arcelin is a Canadian politician, a member of the Canadian House of Commons from 1988 to 1993 and a city councillor in Montreal.
When Sir John died in December 1851, Tom inherited Fasque along with the baronetcy, which almost guaranteed financial security for life.
When Labor won the 1989 state election he was appointed Minister for Manufacturing and Commerce, to which small business was added in 1990.
He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons in the 1949 election to represent the riding of Grey North.
Following the death of Ryedale's Conservative MP John Spence in 1986, Shields achieved victory in the Ryedale by-election of 1986, becoming the constituency's first Liberal MP.
Member of the parliamentary faction Samopomich Union.
Dickens served on Westminster City Council representing Millbank Ward from 1962 to 1965.
Percy Ellis Wright was a democratic socialist politician.
Born in Castlemaine, Victoria, he was educated at state schools before becoming an apprentice civil engineer.
He held that seat until his retirement at the 1970 general election.
Swales added over 10,000 votes to his 2005 general election total.
Rota is fluent in French, Spanish, Italian and English.
He married Marjorie Frances Macken on 18 December 1914 and had one daughter and three sons with each other.
From January 2015 to January 2017, Zahra was Chief Executive Officer of Wunan Foundation, a leading Aboriginal development organisation based in the East Kimberley.
While in India he met figures such as Subhas Chandra Bose and Rabindranath Tagore.
Born in Toowoomba, Queensland, he was a waterside worker in Adelaide, South Australia, and an official with the Waterside Workers' Federation.
A member of the Liberal Party, he served as a member of the Australian House of Representatives representing the Division of Blair from 1998 until 2007.
In September 2011 Carter resigned from Parliament following his appointment to a United Nations position in Afghanistan.
Mill was a proponent of utilitarianism, an ethical theory developed by his predecessor Jeremy Bentham, and contributed significantly to the theory of the scientific method.
He was Chair of the Special Committee on the Canadian Radio Broadcasting Commission during the 18th Parliament.
In April 1945, he served on Morotai and in May in the Battle of Tarakan.
He served in the military in 1918 and later grew bananas in the Brunswick River region, and was a seed merchant in Lismore.
Karen Margaret Synon was an Australian Senator for the state of Victoria.
Rod Bruinooge became CEO of Eventride in May 2016.
Carol Ann Beaumont is a politician from New Zealand, first elected to represent the Labour Party through the party list vote in the 2008 election.
John Trevanion Purnell Bettesworth-Trevanion, MP, OW was a Cornish politician.
Ramalingam Chandrasekar is a Sri Lankan politician and a former member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka.
Léopold Demers was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
Sirima Ratwatte Dias Bandaranaike, commonly known as Sirimavo Bandaranaike, was a Sri Lankan stateswoman and politician and the modern world's first female head of government.
He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons in 1925 as a Member of the historical Conservative Party in the riding of Toronto Northeast.
He was a Member of the Queensland Legislative Council.
In 1955 he unsuccessfully contested his local constituency, North Fylde, a Conservative safe seat.
Darroch became a councillor in Clifford, Ontario in 1934 and became the municipality's reeve in 1936.
He switched to the district of Kallangur at the 1992 state election, holding the seat until his retirement in 2009.
He represented riding of Yamaska in the Canadian House of Commons.
He has served as Member of the Parliament of Germany, the Bundestag, since 2002.
He was chairman of the Labour Party's National Executive Committee from 1955 to 1956.
Harold Joseph Connolly was a Nova Scotia journalist, newspaper editor, and politician who served as the province's 15th Premier in 1954.
In 1993, he was appointed Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Industry, Science and Technology and to the Minister for International Trade.
It was Dube's first term in Parliament, and he was the sole new MP elected to Parliament, his seventeen fellow MPs all being re-elected incumbents.
William John Gunnell was a Labour Party politician in the United Kingdom.
Rotheram has been the Member of Parliament for Liverpool Walton since the 2010 election.
George Rodgers was a British Labour Party politician.
He was a Labour and then an SDP Member of Parliament representing Woolwich East then Woolwich from the October 1974 general election to the 1992 election.
Natasha Stott Despoja was appointed as his replacement three days later, having earlier been employed by him as a researcher.
Blain returned to Australia, and upon re-entering the House, wearing his uniform, was the subject of a standing ovation from his fellow members.
James Harold McCusker was a Northern Ireland Ulster Unionist Party politician who served as the Deputy Leader of the UUP Assembly Group from 1982–86.
Murphy is married and has three adult children: Kevin, Paul, and Brian.
He was born in Arcadia, Nova Scotia  and became a broker, insurance agent and master mariner.
Erin M. K. Weir, MP is the Canadian Member of Parliament for the riding of Regina—Lewvan.
He was the oldest Conservative MP during his last Parliament, and stood down at the 2017 general election.
He held the seat until his defeat in 1940.
Born in Glasgow in Scotland, he received a primary education and migrated to Australia in 1883.
He joined the British Army, serving from 1877 to 1883, and fighting in both the Anglo-Zulu War and the First Boer War.
Lewis then worked as a TV reporter for BBC News, becoming BBC Look East's chief political correspondent.
He was first elected to the Canadian House of Commons in the 1993 election as the Liberal Member of Parliament for Vancouver South.
He was the son-in-law of Sir Winston Churchill.
After the 1973 Election, the LCL expelled the Liberal Movement.
He was born in Saint John, New Brunswick, becoming a lumber merchant and merchant.
Barry Mather was a Canadian journalist, columnist, and politician.
They quickly formed a partnership with William Teron, T.F.S.
Iriyagolla was born 3 January 1907 to a wealthy family in Katugampola.
Until 2011, he has sat on four select committees in Parliament.
In the event he did not in fact contest an election until 1922.
Horner died in Mississauga at Credit Valley Hospital, aged 75.
The controversy over the Hindmarsh Island bridge was believed to have cost Tickner his seat at the 1996 election.
Samuel Victor Railton was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
Her first full-time job was as a teacher at her old school in Narara.
Prior to this, he had a career in state politics.
Dr. Sugiswara Abeywardena Wickramasinghe was the founder of the Communist Party of Sri Lanka.
He first attempted to win a House of Commons seat in the 1949 federal election at Papineau but was defeated by independent candidate Camillien Houde.
He moved to Sydney in 1922, where he continued to teach.
Songs like "I'm Burning Up", "Thank You Mister DJ", "I Cry for Freedom", "Makoti", "Motherland" and the ever-popular "Umqombothi" ensured Yvonne's stardom.
Lewis was again unsuccessful at the riding during the 1926 federal election campaign.
On 18 February 1931, Johnston married Hildelith Olymphe King-Lethbridge.
He was a Sheffield City councillor from 1975 to 1979.
Albert John "Alby" Schultz was an Australian politician.
In 1931 he was re-elected as a United Australia Party Senator.
Abdul Latiff Abdul Majeed was a Sri Lankan politician and Member of Parliament.
Massé served in the 31st and 32nd Canadian Parliaments.
In 2007 she founded the Breast Cancer Awareness Charity, and also helped inaugurate the Prostate Cancer Support Group Gibraltar.
As an Australian rules footballer with New Town, Cole excelled and won the TANFL's 'Best and Fairest' trophy in 1928.
Daniel McIvor was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
In the subsequent by-election the seat was gained by the Liberal candidate Wallace Lawler.
John Rawdon Donovan was an Australian politician.
In 1912, he was appointed Chief Commissioner of the Board of Railway Commissioners for Canada.
Upton is a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly, representing the seat of Vaucluse for the Liberal Party of Australia since 2011.
He served three terms as a Liberal MP in the Canadian House of Commons from York South-Weston and in 1997 was elected as an Independent MP.
His term as Speaker ended when the new House of Commons convened in November of that year.
He was Chairman of Committees and Deputy Speaker in the House from 1946 to 1949.
John Joseph Tinker was a British Labour Party politician.
Born in Launceston, Tasmania, Holt was educated in Melbourne at Scotch College and the University of Melbourne.
Michael Francis Lovell Cocks, Baron Cocks of Hartcliffe, PC was a moderate Labour Party politician in the United Kingdom.
Eric Stefanson was a Progressive Conservative party member of the House of Commons of Canada.
Joseph-Enoil Michaud, PC was a Canadian politician.
In 2010 he ended his Membership of Convergència Democràtica de Catalunya, which he had started in 1992, and has remained an independent figure afterwards.
At the subsequent by-election Arthur Henderson held the seat for Labour.
Syed Amir Ali Shah Jamote is a Pakistani politician who is currently a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan, belonging to the Pakistan Peoples Party.
He served in the military from 1916 to 1918 and returned to become a history lecturer and broadcaster.
Benjamin John Howlett is an English Conservative Party politician.
Gallacher was formerly the state secretary of the SA/NT branch of the Transport Workers Union of Australia, which is aligned with the Labor Right faction.
O'Carroll did not stand again for election to the Dáil.
He also served as Government House Leader in the Canadian House of Commons during his tenure.
He was first elected at the Bourassa riding in the 1968 general election serving in the 28th Canadian Parliament.
Born in Paisley, Ontario, he was a lumber merchant by career.
From 1960 to 1964, Paget successively served as junior opposition spokesman for the Royal Navy and the Army.
His brother, Peter Mahon, was elected MP for Preston South in 1964.
Gaudet served as a councillor in Saint-Liguori from 1985 to 1989.
He retired from the Senate at the end of his term in 1996.
Gietzelt was born in San Francisco of Australian-born parents, and educated at Hurstville High School in south-western Sydney.
He remained in Parliament until his defeat in 1993.
Richard Devere Thrasher was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
He served as Minister of Advanced Education, Skills and Labour, and currently serves as Minister of Fisheries and Land Resources in the Ball government.
Edwin Thomas John Kerby was an Australian politician.
She was also the first female member of the National Party to win a seat in the House of Representatives.
He was initially declared re-elected in the 2008 election, but a judicial recount later declared that he had been defeated by Alexandra Mendès of the Liberals.
Iain McKenzie is a Scottish Labour politician, who was formerly the Member of Parliament for Inverclyde.
He is the Minister of Justice, Buddasasana and a Member of Parliament for the Colombo District.
Raymond Henry "Ray" Sherry was an Australian politician.
She was re-elected after a "vigorous" campaign, making speeches across rural South Australia and on radio, and ultimately defeating the third Liberal candidate on preferences.
Before becoming a Member of Parliament, Webber was actively involved in politics.
She said during the Sweden Democrats annual party congress in 2009 that she thought her party should help refugees in the area of the crisis.
In 2007 she co-founded Vélorution, an organization promoting the rights of bicyclists in Sherbrooke.
Lightfoot physically blocked the path of the senators, elbowing Brown and reportedly telling Nettle to "Fuck off and die".
It was announced on 5 December 2016 that Hagwall had been expelled from the Sweden Democrats.
Tony McWalter is a politician in the United Kingdom.
Tom was parsimonious, even mean, while his brother was constantly battling family debts.
He represented the Division of Northern Territory from July 1987 to March 1996, and from October 1998 to November 2001.
He was described as one of the most senior members of the Libyan Islamic Fighting Group that fought against the rule of Muammar Gaddafi.
In May 1932 he entered a plea of guilty to the charges and was bound over to keep the peace on his personal recognisance of £100.
He was made a whip in 1915, and was promoted to chief whip in 1919, when the Labour Party became the official opposition.
Edward Warner Moeran was a British Common Wealth Party politician who later joined the later Labour Party.
He is a member of Landmark Chambers, 180 Fleet Street, London.
In 1966, he transferred to national politics, winning the federal House of Representatives seat of Franklin after the retirement of Bill Falkinder.
He served in the Canadian House of Commons from 1993 to 2000, initially with the Reform Party and later as an independent Member of Parliament.
Born in Scotland, where he was educated, he migrated to Australia in 1890, where he became a farm worker and goldminer at Lara, Victoria.
David Sydney "Syd" Jackson was an Australian politician.
His manners and address were frank, simple, and polished".
In 1958, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Labor member for the New South Wales seat of St George.
He would be nearly defeated by Liberal candidate Harry Veiner.
Barnard was born at Mole Creek, Tasmania and was educated at Invermay State School, but left school at 14.
John Murray Wheeldon was an Australian federal politician and briefly a minister.
He was an alderman for Saskatoon between 1939 and 1940.
Edward Porter was a British Labour Party politician and socialite.
Sergio Marchi, PC has been involved in the national and diplomatic life of Canada, as both a federal MP and minister, as well as ambassador.
Maine later decided to run as an independent candidate against Chamberlain in the 1993 federal election.
He finished his political career as MP from Vancouver Kingsway.
He later became the Minister of Justice and Judicial Reforms under the United People's Freedom Alliance Government; he is currently Minister of Power and Energy.
In 1929 and 1930, Wright served as Rotary International's Canadian director and during those same years also served on Ontario's provincial Royal Commission of Public Welfare.
In 1974, Hobden attempted to regain the seat in both the February and October general elections, but was unsuccessful.
He died in office on 16 October 1920 at his home Marchmont House in Hemel Hempstead.
He worked as an agricultural labourer near Werribee and from 1912 to 1915 as a fitter in Melbourne.
Despite his stand he was successfully challenged for pre-selection by Peter Costello with support from Michael Kroger and retired from parliament after being defeated.
The ILP was reintegrated into the official Labor Party in August of that year, and Horsington continued to represent Sturt until he retired in 1947.
He was first elected to Parliament at the Kindersley riding in the 1921 general election then re-elected there in 1925, 1926 and 1930.
Marian L. Maloney was a Canadian Senator.
Ranatunga entered parliament in 2015 from Gampaha District as an opposition member.Prasanna Ranatunga received a vote count of 384,448 in the 2015 Parliamentary elections
For four years, he was a member of the Severn Township municipal council.
Married, has a daughter and a son.
O'Brien was promoted to the Liberal shadow ministry following the party's defeat at the 2001 election, after which Colin Barnett succeeded Richard Court as party leader.
Helena C. Guergis, PC is a Canadian politician.
He migrated to South Australia in 1884 with fellow worker, John McPherson and they found work on the South Australian Register.
He represented the Ontario riding of York—Simcoe where he was elected in the 1988 federal election and served in the 34th Canadian Parliament.
In 1994, he founded the Yuzana Company, which is involved in the transportation, construction, hotel, palm oil and rubber production industries.
He established a legal practice in Launceston and became a campaigner for federation and secretary of the Northern Tasmanian Federation League.
Greenaway's initial attempt to enter federal politics was unsuccessful, as he was defeated in the Coast Chilcotin electoral district in the 1974 federal election.
Parent attended Plateau Academy in Montreal and was also privately educated.
He helped establish the Toscin, a radical union weekly in 1896.
He was first elected at the Nicolet—Yamaska riding in a 19 September 1966 by-election.
When he first entered mainstream politics in 1977, the Sri Lanka Freedom Alliance was experiencing a severe crisis.
Joseph Palmer Abbott OBE, MC was an Australian politician.
In Parliament, she was a Liberal Democrat spokeswoman on Northern Ireland and on health, and was also chair of the all-party group on breast cancer.
