Fort Royal was constructed on the top of the hill which dominated the bay and the port village of Plaisance.
Today major units include the Coast Guard Air Station Cape Cod and the 102nd Intelligence Wing.
Most of these airfields were under the command of First Air Force or the Army Air Forces Training Command.
The Old Army Headquarters refers to the former military headquarters complex of the Sri Lanka Army.
Today, the only remains of New Geneva are its ruined walls in a grassy field.
The new plan called for new capacity to house 30,000 soldiers and was completed in just four months.
It was well known for its harsh and dusty conditions by Marines who trained there.
The Barracks was a military installation in Kingston upon Thames.
The Swedes established a trading post at Apollona as part of the Swedish Gold Coast between 1655-1657.
The "Dirty Shame Saloon" was established in a metal hut during 1951 just outside the main gate.
When the 57th moved out the airfield was closed and dismantled.
Along the tunnel there is a small chapel consecrated to John Joseph of the Cross, the patron saint of the island.
Today, nothing remains of Fort Harney except a small cemetery.
Today, it remains active as part of the Alaska NORAD Region under the jurisdiction of the 611th Air and Space Operations Center, Elmendorf AFB, Alaska.
It is accessed through a tunnel with large openings which let the light enter.
White Sands Missile Range is a United States Army military testing area of almost 3,200 sq mi in parts of five counties in southern New Mexico.
Odziena Manor is a manor house built in Neo-Gothic style around 1860 in the historical region of Vidzeme, northern Latvia.
There is a stair tower at the north-east corner which is better preserved.
Four-à-Chaux survived to surrender at the end of the month.
The nearby barracks were built 550 metres to the northwest of the fort.
Fort Assinniboine was a United States Army fort located in present-day Montana, built in 1879 and in operation through 1911.
During 1968-1996, a temporary motor racing circuit was operated on the airfield.
Martin's Battery was an artillery battery in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
It is entered from the plateau just downhill from Corbeyrier, a village on the heights at the foot of the Tour d'Aï.
After the end of the Cold War, CFS Carp was decommissioned and the antenna site was no longer needed.
The entire FRTC is also instrumented with a Tactical Aircrew Combat Training System .
Charleston Air Force Base is a United States military facility located in the City of North Charleston, South Carolina.
The spaces not occupied by buildings were filled in with stout pickets.
It is situated in the Ohrigstad area of northern Mpumalanga province which was first settled by Europeans under the leadership of Andries Hendrik Potgieter.
It was surrounded by a dry moat, and the gate was accessed via a drawbridge.
The crest also figures in the name of RAF Marham's local radio station - Blue Bull Radio 1278 AM.
Today the site is part of the Joint Surveillance System, designated by NORAD as Northeast Air Defense Sector Ground Equipment Facility.
The park contains many oaks, ashes, maples, alders and an approach road lined with linden trees.
The site is on low-lying land between the Lincoln Edge and the River Trent.
Ca Lu was the western terminus of Highway 9 for the U.S. Marines since the road was cut between there and the Khe Sanh Combat Base.
The pronunciation locally is "Auchenbothy", the same as a Victorian mansion in Kilmacolm; no connection is known.
The barracks accommodated 372 men, ten officers, and a tank.
Its last known use was by the United States Army Air Force Twelfth Air Force in 1944 during the Italian Campaign.
Sheppard AFB shares one runway with Wichita Falls Municipal Airport under a joint civil-military arrangement.
It also hosts the National Cancer Institute-Frederick and is home to the National Interagency Confederation for Biological Research and National Interagency Biodefense Campus.
Militants regularly launched rockets into Camp Bucca.
Fort Pembroke is a polygonal fort in Pembroke, Malta.
After being closed in July 1945, the facility was abandoned.
The ouvrage is located between petit ouvrage Hobling and gros ouvrage Anzeling, near Hestroff in the Bois du Bousse, facing Germany.
During the North African Campaign, it was used by the United States Army Air Force Twelfth Air Force.
Whether intentional or not, the purported incident seems to have been a counterfactual reorganization of plagiarized, inflated, roughly contemporary events.
The rebels also burnt down a coffee storehouse and ransacked the Matale Kachcheri destroying the tax records.
The airbase is served by an 8,300 foot long runway.
Selimiye Barracks, also known as Scutari Barracks, is a Turkish Army barracks located in the Üsküdar district on the Asian part of Istanbul, Turkey.
Bornsminde Manor is a manor house remodelled in Gothic revival style located in the historical region of Zemgale, in Latvia.
Cortachy Castle is a castellated mansion House at Cortachy, Angus, Scotland, some four miles north of Kirriemuir.
Built in hexagonal form, it accommodated 8 officers and 128 men, and had its own hospital.
Licata Airfield is an abandoned World War II military airfield in Italy, located in the vicinity of Licata, Sicily.
Fort Gibraltar was a fort built in 1809 by the North West Company in present-day Manitoba, Canada.
The first motte and bailey castle on the site was built in 1068 following the Norman conquest of York.
31st Fighter Group, 3 March-15 July 1945
It has a commissary, gas station, and shoppette.
Rooke Battery is a now derelict artillery battery on the west side of the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
These walls had a number of port holes and rifle pits were dug inside or near the redoubt.
Camp Bulkeley continued to be used after 1977.
The Sliema Batteries were a series of artillery batteries in Sliema, Malta, that were built by Maltese insurgents during the French blockade of 1798–1800.
The location of the Qu'Appelle lake site is unknown.
At this time, Crookston was regarded as the principal house of the earls of Lennox.
Two structures in Lawrence have been known as the Lawrence Armory - the Civil War era armory and the Lawrence Kansas Army National Guard Armory.
It was rebuilt by the Saskatchewan government as a provincial historic park and can be visited today.
Fort Metal Cross was besieged twice in 1712 by John Kanu, a local ally of the Prussians, but the fort was defended successfully.
Hantsavichy Radar Station is a Volga-type Radar near Hantsavichy.
It occupies approximately 870,000 hectares, starting 500 metres north of the settlement of Timber Creek.
Some further construction work was carried out during the remaining year, but all work halted during the October Revolution.
Flin Aerodrome, was a temporary World War I airfield in France.
It is located 10.1 miles southwest of Miles City, Montana.
In 1967, the final scene of the French film Les aventuriers was filmed at the remains of the fort.
Longthorpe Tower is a 14th-century three-storey tower in the village of Longthorpe, famous for its well-preserved set of medieval murals.
Access is from this point, but also along the spit from Bembridge.
It is the permanent base of The 1st Battalion, Yorkshire Regiment, serving as armoured infantry.
In 1994, the fortress remains and the city's old quarter were listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Fort Dix, the common name for the Army Support Activity located at Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst, is a United States Army post.
Given the proximity of Carlisle to the border between England and Scotland, it has been the centre of many wars and invasions.
Instead, it became a supply and munitions depot.
The fortifications of Chania are a series of defensive walls and other fortifications which surround the city of Chania in Crete, Greece.
Spynie Palace, also known as Spynie Castle, was the fortified seat of the Bishops of Moray for about 500 years.
Opened in 1942 it was used by both the Royal Air Force and United States Army Air Forces.
It was established in a 1902 regulation, and received its first contingent in 1904.
It is situated on the Delaware River, west of Philadelphia International Airport.
The main camp was located in a complex of fifteen forts that surrounded the whole of the city.
Pontefract Barracks is a former military installation in Pontefract, West Yorkshire, England.
Otterbiel is used for ammunition storage by the French Army.
Various alterations and expansions were made by successive owners over the following two centuries.
Columbia Falls Air Force Station is a closed United States Air Force radar station in Washington County, Maine.
Tønsberg Fortress was a medieval fortress, located in Tønsberg, Norway which was defended by the fortress for over 300 years.
The French portaged supplies and trade goods from Lake Erie overland to Fort Le Boeuf.
Further works were carried out in 1910 and circa 1918–20, the latter by D. F. Ingleton.
The mastermind of the battery was architect Burlemarch and at its completion it was armed with eight cannons.
In the 2010 census, the base was counted as a census-designated place with a total population of 2,367, down from 4,832 in 2000.
On the Byzantine side, the Muslim marches were mirrored by the institution of the kleisourai districts and the akritai border guards.
The fort has a daytime population of nearly 25,000.
It was used as a stronghold until the early 17th century, when it was granted to Sir Fulke Greville by James I in 1604.
However other AAF commands, including Second Air Force, Air Technical Service Command and Air Transport Command commanded airfields in a support roles.
It is still possible to find remnants of these wartime airfields.
The fort is now occupied by an activity of the French Air Force associated with Base aerienne 133 Nancy-Ochey and is not accessible to the public.
It was located just to the North of Middlewich, Cheshire, England.
Souvenirs of the fortress were transported around France and displayed as icons of the overthrow of despotism.
RAF Rhoose is a former Royal Air Force satellite airfield located near Cardiff, Wales.
The fort was constructed in the late 18th century by British colonial governor Lord Dunmore after the end of the American Revolutionary war.
It is famous for being impregnable and playing a key role in defending the castle in the winter of 1615.
The Tonghae Satellite Launching Ground, also known as Musudan-ri, is a rocket launching site in North Korea.
The school trained Flying Control Officers and Aircraft Control Assistants for deployment in control towers and operations rooms in RCAF stations.
Ouvrage Col de Crous is a lesser work of the Maginot Line's Alpine extension, the Alpine Line.
The airfield covered a 908-acre site, including 30 acres of buildings - making it the largest First World War airfield in Britain.
Raglan Barracks is a military installation at Allt-yr-yn in Newport, Wales.
Handyside Fort s a historical fort located in Kohat, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, which dates from the era of British colonial rule.
Built on a six-hectare site, the Fort du Questel dominates the valley of Allégoet, a tributary of the Penfeld.
Secondary functions were as a personnel processing center for inbound and outbound personnel assigned to France, and as a limited operational transport base.
Remote Radar Head Buchan or RRH Buchan is an air defence radar station operated by the Royal Air Force.
Northolt has one runway in operation, spanning 1,687 m × 46 m, with a grooved asphalt surface.
One report said twenty-five troops were at the post.
It is one of four such towers built in the 1840s to protect Kingston's harbour and the entrance to the Rideau Canal.
The main environmental concern has been asbestos, released during various fires.
In 1622 the Portuguese and built a fort on the site of the destroyed Gangathilaka temple.
The base uses the underground facilities of the former Ouvrage Hochwald of the Maginot Line.
It was built as part of the Séré de Rivières system of fortifications in 1876-78 to defend France against invasion from Italy.
A reminder of the castle is the coat of arms of the city of Wolgast, which shows a castle tower between two griffins.
The Danevirke was last used for military purposes in 1864 during the Second War of Schleswig.
It is located 4.3 miles north of Limestone, Maine.
The Fortezza is the citadel of the city of Rethymno in Crete, Greece.
It is unknown precisely where the airfield was actually located due to the changed landscape over the past 60 years.
The Command Chief Master Sergeant is Chief Master Sergeant Philip E. Eckenrod Jr.
During the English Civil War, the Scots were able to breach the wall using mines and artillery.
Vardøhus Fortress is located in Vardø Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.
31st Fighter Group, 15 May-30 June 1943, Spitfire
It was renamed in honor of World War I pilot and Omaha native 1st Lt. Jarvis Offutt in 1924.
As of August, 2011 hangars 2 to 4 are derelict and deteriorating.
It lies near Stourport-on-Severn in north Worcestershire.
It overlooks St. James' Bastion, a large obtuse-angled bastion forming part of the Valletta Land Front.
It is located at Europa Flats between the Defensible Barracks and the Officer's Barracks and Eliott's Battery.
98th Bombardment Group, 17 January 1944 – 19 April 1945, B-24 Liberator,
CAC's mission involves leader development, collective training, Army doctrine and battle command.
The Seaplane Experimental Station, formerly RNAS Felixstowe, was a British aircraft design unit during the early part of the 20th century.
It was built by the Order of Saint John in 1715–1716 as one of a series of coastal fortifications around the Maltese Islands.
It was bombarded during World War I but sustained little damage.
Oflag II-D was a World War II German prisoner-of-war camp located at Gross Born, Pomerania.
On the east bastion is a small stone placed erect for a ling and worshipped as the image of the god Jajarnath Mahadev.
Camp Moore was abandoned in March 1857 after another location in the San Rafael Valley was chosen for a permanent fort that was christened Fort Buchanan.
The primary unit stationed at Incirlik Air Base is the 39th Air Base Wing of the U.S. Air Force.
Now, the buildings are homes to nurses and doctors of the hospital.
This deal involved payment by the East India Company’s merchants of an ad valorem duty of 9 percent, against an Indian merchant’s duty of 40%.
In 2004 it was renamed the Bob Stump Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center, after Congressman Stump, Chairman of the House Armed Services Committee.
Following the war many positions were reactivated for use during the Cold War.
It is located in the southern part of the Rock, south of Spur Battery on Windmill Hill.
Asen's Fortress is 279 metres above sea level.
It is located 7.1 miles south-southeast of Minneapolis, Minnesota.
It remains the home of the Tower Museum Bassingbourn.
Swakopmund tracking station is a Chinese space tracking station in Swakopmund, Namibia, South-West Africa which is used for the Chinese manned space programme.
It was a fortified outpost during the Kandyan Wars, named after Major General Hay MacDowall, the 6th Commander of British Troops in Ceylon.
Schloss Krobnitz is a Schloss in Reichenbach, Saxony.
The airport is patrolled by the Savannah/Hilton Head International Airport Police, who work with the Transportation Security Administration to provide airport security.
These known Tett turrets were examined closely for the BBC series Two Men in a Trench.
The only aircraft known to have operated out of Barton Bendish were Vickers Wellington bombers from Marham.
RAF Hospital Uxbridge was a military hospital within the Royal Air Force station RAF Uxbridge.
The surrounding land was developed into a public park but the fort itself fell into dereliction, despite its historical and architectural significance.
Today the area is known as the Apes' Den and is the main location for tourists to see Barbary macaques in Gibraltar.
Luganville Airfield or Bomber Field #3 is a former World War II airfield on the island of Espiritu Santo in the New Hebrides Islands.
The castle has been recently renovated and is under new ownership.
It was used as a testing range for the Barnes Wallis's Grand Slam bomb and also the Bouncing bomb used by the Dambusters.
A hall in front of the shrine of devi measures about 30'X20' and has a flat roof supported on four pillars.
Mancınık Castle is a Hellenistic castle ruin in Mersin Province, Turkey.
It was built to safeguard American settlers in Yavapai County.
Rupea Citadel is situated in the west of Rupea, on a 120 m-high basalt massive.
Gamecock Barracks is a military installation located at Bramcote, 4 miles south-east of Nuneaton in Warwickshire.
314th Troop Carrier Group, 26 June-1 September 1943, C-47 Skytrain
There are fragmentary remains of a stone tower.
Erskine Barracks was a military installation at Fugglestone St Peter some 4 km North West of Salisbury in Wiltshire.
The name Nishikawa means "west river" in Japanese.
Renmore Barracks is a military installation in Renmore, Ireland
The station was maintained by the RAF as No.
32 Radar Squadron when the Semi Automatic Ground Environment system was implemented in 1961.
Eglinton Castle was a large Gothic castellated mansion in Kilwinning, North Ayrshire, Scotland.
It is now derelict but is still in fairly good condition externally, with its rotating gun cupolas still in situ.
RCAF Station Claresholm was initially a British Commonwealth Air Training Plan station that trained pilots for World War II service.
This includes land that was formerly the town of Clyde, Georgia.
Willmar Air Force Station is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station.
1 IFS moved to RCAF Station Saskatoon, Saskatchewan.
The JS HQ served as the principle headquarters of Pakistan Armed Forces and concerned authorities relating the defence and strategic developments.
It is situated in the village of Bramber, West Sussex overlooking the River Adur.
One of the walls, between the Schlei and Eckernförde inlets, defended the Schwansen peninsula.
After arriving outside, it is possible to visit the Church of the Immacolata and the Cathedral of Assunta.
The Ontario Provincial Police then assumed use of the old recreational hall for instruction.
Knappogue Castle is a tower house, built in 1467 and expanded in the mid-19th century, located in the parish of Quin, County Clare, Ireland.
Merchiston Castle or Merchiston Tower was probably built by Alexander Napier, the second Laird of Merchiston around 1454.
Scott Field was one of thirty-two Air Service training camps established after the United States entered World War I in April 1917.
It was constructed and renovated between 1882 and 1915 to protect the Russian Empire's western borders, and was designated a "first-class" fortress in 1887.
It is located in the district of Alt-Saarbrücken on the left bank of the Saar.
In 1943 it was moved to a site 3 km south of the town of Hammelburg in Lower Franconia, Bavaria, Germany.
The Casernement d'Achen provided peacetime above-ground barracks and support services to Wittring and other positions in the area.
In the inner court the date is shown as 1663.
In old photographs, it forms a backdrop just behind the Plaza Church and square.
Felicianova Manor is a manor in the historical region of Latgale, in Latvia.
It was inhabited until the middle of the last century.
The castle was in decline by the end of the reign of Elizabeth I.
Royal Air Force Akrotiri or more simply RAF Akrotiri is a large Royal Air Force station, on the Mediterranean island of Cyprus.
Berwick Castle is a ruined castle in Berwick-upon-Tweed, Northumberland, England.
The origin of the castle is unclear.
The Ahmednagar Fort is located beside on Bhingar River near Bhingar and ahmednagarrAhmednagar, Maharashtra.
The tower was used by the Armed Forces of Malta until 2002, and it is now in the hands of Din l-Art Ħelwa.
Indian Mountain Air Force Station is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station.
Flat Bastion is a bastion which projects southward from the Charles V Wall in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
A 1941 Boeing Stearman operates from the airfield and a 1943 Dunkirk veteran Piper J-3 Cub is also based at the field.
Maindy Barracks is a military installation in the Cathays district of Cardiff in Wales.
Fort Huachuca is also the headquarters of Army Military Auxiliary Radio System.
Today, the area where Loyettes Airfield existed is an agricultural area.
Initially designed as offices for the Caracas Metro.
See Fortified Sector of Haguenau for a broader discussion of the Haguenau sector of the Maginot Line.
It was operated by the Russian Aerospace Defence Forces and closed at the end of 2012.
A trench lined with an earthen embankment was constructed on the perimeter of the block.
It is located on a slight ridge in front of the nearby Buena Vista Barracks, which was once the base of the Royal Gibraltar Regiment.
The city has since grown around the site, incorporating the Ishiyama.
The walls were significantly damaged during the rebellion of Madog ap Llywelyn in 1294, and had to be repaired at considerable expense.
After being repaired by Army engineers, it was used by the United States Army Air Force Twelfth Air Force during the North African Campaign.
The batteries were constructed in the 18th century on top of an old coastal wall built by King Charles V of Spain.
Its construction, using locally quarried sandstone, appears to have continued piecemeal over many years and may have not been completed.
The third Marquess, John Crichton-Stuart, used this wealth to back an extensive programme of renovations under William Burges.
The depot was established during the Cold War as the storage and loading facility for Polaris nuclear weapons.
It has become traditional to hold a barbecue on the beach thereafter.
It was one of the Norwegian fortresses which were constructed in the period of intense competition among the Baltic powers for northern supremacy.
There were also American merchant seamen detained here as well as some U.S. Navy personnel.
Today it is a military training center of the Puerto Rico National Guard called Fort Allen.
The base was named redundant as part of the Base Realignment and Closure effort in 1991, and was closed permanently in 1994.
The fort was located about 15 miles from the shores of Lake Erie, on the banks of LeBoeuf Creek, for which the fort was named.
The fort is located at 150 South Royal Street.
Part of the Hudson River Waterfront Walkway runs along its perimeter.
The cathedral-fortress was considered impenetrable, due largely to its location and orientation.
The Newcastle town wall is a medieval defensive wall, and Scheduled Ancient Monument, in Newcastle upon Tyne, England.
In 1676, the village was destroyed by the Abenaki during King Philip's War.
It is one of several independent museums that comprise Winchester's Military Museums.
Construction took place from the summer of 1960 until the end of September 1962.
Originally built by the Japanese, the conflict over its possession was one of the great battles of the Pacific war.
It is located 1.6 miles east-southeast of Fort Yukon, Alaska.
It is located on the west coast of Lake Balkhash near Sary Shagan test site in Kazakhstan.
Franklin was a small town established in 1854 in Douglas County, Kansas Territory.
The position controlled movement along RN 100.
A low-irregular decagonal interior wall surrounds a fortress keep and an adjacent 10th-century chapel of S. Sargis.
It is 130 kilometers northeast of the settlement of Klyuchi and the military townlet is called Klyuchi-1, after the nearest settlement.
In 1940 the position was commanded by Captain Toussaint.
The first time a military presence was mentioned at Rockville was in August 1863, when probably fewer than fifty men garrisoned the post there.
After the war, Wendover was used for training exercises, gunnery range and as a research facility.
After early 1944, heavy bomber crews also trained in the State.
The ouvrage comprises four combat blocks at an altitude of 231 metres, and was manned in 1940 by 115 men under the command of Lieutenant Juffet.
Coast Guard Station Toms River is a former United States Coast Guard station in Seaside Park, New Jersey at the mouth of the Toms River.
Ouvrage Les Rochilles is a lesser work of the Maginot Line's Alpine extension, the Alpine Line, in the high Alps about 20 kilometres southwest of Modane.
It surrendered to German forces on 27 June.
Château d'Hougoumont is a large farmhouse situated at the bottom of an escarpment near the Nivelles road in Braine-l'Alleud, near Waterloo, Belgium.
The fort was named after the nearby Delaware/Munsee Indian village, Venango.
The fort's caserne was burned in July 1944.
The ouvrage was tasked with controlling the Moselle valley and as such was called the "Guardian of the Moselle."
The Castle of Zafra is a 12th-century castle located in the municipality of Campillo de Dueñas, in Guadalajara, Spain.
Gordolon was built by Borie contractors at a cost of 21.4 million francs.
Next to the fortress is a munitions factory.
Originally it was The Curtiss School of Aviation, founded by Glenn Curtiss.
Deddington Castle was a medieval fortification in the village of Deddington, Oxfordshire.
The detachment was unmanned and the location primarily used as a remote antenna farm.
By 1739 the fort was abandoned in favor of Fort Rouge upriver at the present site of Winnipeg.
It was captured by Coalition forces during Operation Iraqi Freedom in 2003.
The property that supports both forts is currently owned and managed by the Nature Conservancy of Canada.
The facility opened an ELF transmission facility in 2014.
Four lighthouses have been built at Hurst from the 18th century onwards, one of which, a high lighthouse first opened in 1867, remains in active service.
Owingsville Air Force Station is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station.
On 4 March of the same year, French cannonball destroyed a gunpowder magazine near the battery.
The remains of the tower, which rise 8 feet at their highest, are currently built into a garden wall.
Refortified during the English Civil War, it was eventually slighted, i.e.
Ertij is a fort built during the 13th century.
Gradačac Castle is a castle in Gradačac in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Hundreds of the temporary buildings that were used survive today, and are being used for other purposes.
The facility was established in 1918 originally as Camp Perry Proving Ground.
Boncelles was upgraded in the 1930s to become part of the fortified position of Liège in an attempt to forestall or slow an attack from Germany.
Cottonwood Peak Air Force Station was initially part of Phase II of the Air Defense Command Mobile Radar program.
Spirit AeroSystems currently builds Commercial Airline parts for Boeing aircraft in part of the building and IC Bus Corporation assembles school buses in the other part.
Completed in 1911, the building is made of red brick, and has a tower over the third floor of the building.
Madikeri Fort was first founded by Mudduraja in the second half of the 17th century.
14 Aircraft Control & Warning Squadron was the lodger unit operating the facility.
The keep is a Grade II listed building.
It was derelict and had not been used for many years, passing through numerous owners.
Fort Loyal was a British settler refuge and colonial outpost built in 1678 at Falmouth in Casco Bay.
The remains of Sandown were purchased by the town of Deal for £35 to form part of the local sea defences.
The fort is named after King James II of England.
It was built on a large German Army training ground that is still in use today by the Polish Land Forces' 10th Armoured Cavalry Brigade.
It was used by 516 Squadron during the Second World War for training with commando and assault troops.
Offutt Air Force Base  is a U.S. Air Force installation near Omaha, and lies adjacent to Bellevue in Sarpy County, Nebraska.
Camp Udairi was renamed in his honor in 2004.
By the beginning of 1799, Tal-Borg Battery had fired over 400 shells to Cospicua and Senglea, damaging many houses within the cities.
Gloucester's "AOR" also includes narrow rivers and harbors, which the RBS is utilized over the 47 to gain entry into shallow waters.
Pierre Claude Pajol was responsible for the location of the fort, and it was designed to flank the Fort of Montboucons.
The station is a sub-unit of Sector Boston.
Fort Carlton was a Hudson's Bay Company fur trade post from 1795 until 1885.
The Danevirke consists of several walls, trenches and the Schlei Barrier.
The Kentucky Air National Guard is headquartered at Louisville Air National Guard Base, and its commander is Brigadier General Warren Hurst, Jr.
Today Portchester Castle is a Scheduled Ancient Monument, and a Grade I listed building.
Named after Sir Anthony Farrington, 1st Baronet, it is located above the north face of the Rock of Gibraltar within the Upper Rock Nature Reserve.
Arnside Tower is a late-medieval tower house between Arnside and Silverdale immediately to the south of Arnside Knott in Cumbria, England.
After 1935 it was a training camp and military training area for the newly reconstituted Army.
It is located between gros ouvrage Billig and petit ouvrage Coucou, facing Germany.
Primary mission was to fly ground air support missions for advancing Allied ground forces in Italy.
In the temple grounds there is a stone sculpture, which depicts the Portuguese General Simao Pinnao, on horseback brandishing a sword, whilst trampling a Sinhalese soldier.
At the end of that year it was purchased by the former model Olga Roh, who said she intended to restore it.
Eight Channel Island internees died in Laufen camp during the period of internment.
In 1899–1917, the fort housed a research laboratory on plague and other bacterial diseases.
Cippico Castle is a castle in Kaštel Novi, a town within the administrative area of Kaštela in Dalmatia, Croatia.
The other towers are: Fort Frederick, Shoal Tower, and Murney Tower.
Hopedale Air Station is a closed General Surveillance Radar station.
After the war, the site was abandoned and is now agricultural fields.
Later forts, such as Koenigsmacker, embodied innovative design concepts such as dispersal and concealment.
The name 'Sevenacres' may have derived from the size of the land holding of the mill itself.
It could hold four tiers of artillery, and was fitted with a total of 142 firing points for cannon and handguns.
It is located 30 kilometres from Alipurduar, the nearest town.
The site was settled by a group of free-state partisans who entered Brown County from Nebraska Territory.
The fort has a population of 306 enlisted personnel, 2,151 reservists, 348 civilians, and 1,399 family members.
Pelči Palace is a palace located in the region of Kurzeme, in western Latvia.
Union forces occupied the fort for the remainder of the war.
The ruined castle, which dates back to the mid-14th century, was originally known as the Castle of Brathwell.
It featured a Type 16 radar that was monitored from RAF Kenley.
Eastbourne Redoubt is a circular coastal defence fort at Eastbourne, East Sussex, on the south coast of England.
The ouvrage consists of two entry blocks and one infantry block facing Italy at the top of the Col des Banquettes, 2 km northwest of Saint-Agnès.
Hill though not covered with thick forest has a considerable foliage of bushy shrubs.
Fort Istibey is a fortress on Mount Beles, Central Macedonia, at the north border of Greece built to help defend Greece during the World War 2.
It was built by the British between 1937 and 1938.
Belton Park is located 2 miles north of the centre of Grantham, Lincolnshire, England.
Estate farmers and domestic servants lived in the surrounding region, the town of Monivea taking shape from this initial population, homes and servicing merchant posts.
Walnut Ridge Air Force Station is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station.
During the early years of the Cold War it briefly served as an air defense coordination center.
The airfield is located approximately 4 miles east-southeast of Bridgwater; about 125 miles west-southwest of London
The aircraft were assigned to the GAO 2/506.
The post was declared surplus after World War II and sold.
The tower was built on the edge of a cliff face, which began to subside.
Keflavik Air Station is a now-closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station.
Sherman Army Airfield is a former World War II airfield located in Pleasant Hill, California.
The main body of the fortress consisted of two forts joined with an earthwork fortification, the so-called Large Fortification and Small Fortification.
Most of the building material was sourced locally however it is reported that certain types of rocks were brought from the Netherlands.
The first city walls were built by the Romans, probably between 270 and 280 AD.
A French engineer was the architect and builder of the Lower Fort.
In modern times, the site of Fort Worth sits within the boundaries the City of Alexandria just off Seminary Road.
Retained by the Ministry of Defense, Simserhof now functions as a museum, and has the most extensive visitor infrastructure of any of the preserved Maginot fortifications.
Because the base was natural coral it was somewhat easy to maintain after the initial construction.
He supported the Royalist cause, and sold the castle to help pay fines levied against him by Parliament.
Jurisics Castle, named after Croatian nobleman Nikola Jurišić is located in Kőszeg, Hungary.
NATO called the submarine-launched radar-homing versions of the P-6 SS-N-3A 'Shaddock'.
Since 2002, Trutzbingen is part of the UNESCO World Heritage Site Rhine Gorge.
Lennox Tower is a ruined fifteenth-century tower house at Lymphoy, near the Water of Leith, between Balerno and Currie, 11 kilometres southwest of Edinburgh, Scotland.
The National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015 categorized it as a primary commercial service facility.
The remains of the airbase are located about 4 miles east of the closed Casco Cove Coast Guard Station, directly across Massacre Bay.
The manor currently houses the Biksti Elementary School.
Royal Air Force Station Wye was a temporary First World War training airfield at Wye, Kent.
The structure is inaccessible to the public, but inspected regularly by battlefield historians.
During the Cold War, Étain-Rouvres was a front-line base for the United States Air Forces in Europe.
Most of these airfields were under the command of First Air Force or the Army Air Forces Training Command.
By the 1830s the site was largely given-over to this use, and though used as a barracks, was no longer used primarily for battery defence.
One can reach the ruins by driving along the A837 which follows the north shore of Loch Assynt from the village of Inchnadamph.
Lisle-en-Barrois Aerodrome, was a temporary World War I airfield in France.
Autreville Airdrome was a temporary World War I airfield in France.
Edo Castle, also known as Chiyoda Castle, is a flatland castle that was built in 1457 by Ōta Dōkan.
Toronto Shipbuilding Company at Keating Channel 1917-?
There is no evidence of the airfield's existence.
Throughout their history, the town walls of Edinburgh have served better in their role as a trade barrier than as a defensive one.
Winston-Salem Air Force Station is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station.
It is located 7.2 miles south of Othello, Washington.
The land was sold to Thomas Knox, 1st Earl of Ranfurly who built a mansion house on the site.
Its purpose was to control a crossing point on the River Dee between England and Wales.
The ruin was listed as a Scheduled Ancient Monument in 1981.
It is within 900 metres of the Belgian border.
Dunmore – schooner built in Detroit, 1772
The area between Fort George and Fort Haldane in nearby Port Maria had a very large population of freedom fighters in the mid-eighteenth century.
It was located 9.4 Kilometers east-northeast of Foggia, in the Province of Foggia.
Kamran was the second son of the Mughal Emperor Babur who attacked Bikaner in 1534, which was then ruled by Rao Jait Singh.
It is a private-use facility, originally built during World War II and now owned by The Nature Conservancy.
Berdavan Castle is 664 metres above sea level.
The Fort de Boncelles is one of twelve forts built as part of the Fortifications of Liège in the late 19th century in Belgium.
Crail became a Royal Burgh in the 12th century.
Fort Gibraltar was renamed Fort Garry after the merger of North West Company and the Hudson's Bay Company in 1821.
Between December 1869 and January 1870, a military expedition was sent to the local capital of Kwassie-Krom.
Sattler Airfield is an abandoned airfield that was constructed 32 km to the south of Darwin, Northern Territory, Australia during World War II.
Peveril Castle is a ruined 11th-century castle overlooking the village of Castleton in the English county of Derbyshire.
The Californians transferred their garrison at Tubac, Arizona to the site in September 1865 and renamed it Fort Mason, Arizona Territory.
The fort site was not rediscovered until 1998.
The Anglo-Saxons retained the defensive walls, building chapels over most of the gates and using them to defend Canterbury against Viking incursions.
Seaforth Barracks was a military installation at Seaforth in Merseyside.
INS Vajrabahu is an Indian Navy submarine base of the Western Naval Command located near Mumbai in Maharashtra.
Brough Castle went into sharp decline and was stripped first of its fittings and then its stonework.
It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
Barneys Joy Point Military Reservation was a World War II coastal defense site located in Dartmouth, Massachusetts.
During the Russo-Persian War of 1804–1813 the Russian encampment was near the fortress.
Opened in 1941, it was used by both the Royal Air Force and United States Army Air Forces.
6 Squadron) each of which contribute to the Quick Reaction Alert North capability which provides continuous protection of UK airspace.
Most of these airfields were under the command of First Air Force or the Army Air Forces Training Command.
Askomill House, also known as Askomull House, was a fortified house north east of Campbeltown, Kintyre, Argyll and Bute, Scotland.
Firebase Gio Linh is a former U.S. Marine Corps, U.S. Army and Army of the Republic of Vietnam firebase north of Đông Hà in central Vietnam.
About two miles downriver was Fort Bas de la Rivière and further downriver was the later Fort Alexander, Manitoba.
It was part of a multiple-airfield complex in the Port Moresby area, located 17 miles from Port Moresby, to the north of the Waigani swamp.
Mežmuiža Manor, also called Augstkalne Manor, is a Neo-Gothic style manor house in the historical region of Zemgale, in Latvia.
Most of its territory of 990 ha is within the borders of Klooga small borough.
Captain's Tower is a tower in Naxxar, Malta.
In 2006 it reopened to tourists as the Museum of the Alps, it has additional art exhibitions and galleries.
The Vice Commander is Colonel Michael Miller and the Command Chief Master Sergeant is Chief Master Sergeant Raymond K. Mott.
The fort, built to serve as a place of refuge for the townspeople, was built of logs.
It was located 1 mile northwest of Amanty, in the Meuse department in the Lorraine region in northeastern France.
Royal Air Force station Buchan or more simply RAF Buchan is a former Royal Air Force station near Peterhead in Aberdeenshire.
Ouvrage Vélosnes is a gros ouvrage of the Maginot Line, located in the Fortified Sector of Montmédy between the towns of Othe and Vélosnes, facing Belgium.
It was built by the Order of Saint John in 1715–1716 as one of a series of coastal fortifications around the Maltese Islands.
The fortification was established by the Spanish Army in 1752 at the site of present-day Tubac, Arizona.
Parts of the fortification date to the early 12th century, likely at the location of an older refuge castle from the 10th century.
Fortuna Air Force Station was part of the last batch of twenty-three radar stations constructed as part of the Air Defense Command permanent network.
Orhei Fort is a historic fort in the Republic of Moldova, in Old Orhei.
It was overrun by the Imperial Japanese Army during the Battle of the Philippines.
It saw action in 1940 during the Battle of Belgium, and was captured by German forces.
The National Park Service refers to it as a "fur depot."
Built in 1735, it was occupied by British Armed Forces until 1922 when it was turned over to the Irish Defence Forces after the Anglo-Irish Treaty.
Some Franklin men may have been captured by the Lawrence men.
Vandenberg Air Force base will serve as one of two Pacific bases to defend against possible North Korean or Iranian missile threats.
It was built in two parts namely, the Upper Fort and the Lower Fort.
Dumbarton Castle has the longest recorded history of any stronghold in Scotland.
It was part of the defensive ring around Washington, D.C. and was occupied throughout the American Civil War.
Monivea Castle is a former O'Kelly tower house, located near Monivea in County Galway, Ireland.
Thaba Tshwane is a military base, in Pretoria, South Africa.
Mūrmuiža Manor is a manor house in the historical region of Vidzeme, in northern Latvia.
After all worries concerning Indians ceased, possibly in the late 1860s, the Washington Company House was no longer used as a place of protection.
Kirtland is home to the 58th Special Operations Wing, an Air Education and Training Command unit that provides formal aircraft type/model/series training.
The base was home to some 8,000 Americans between 1951 and 1967.
Svēte Manor is a manor house in the historical region of Zemgale, in Latvia.
Cheyenne Mountain Air Force Station is located on Cheyenne Mountain on the Front Range of the Rocky Mountains in Colorado Springs, Colorado.
It was operated as part of the Pinetree Line network controlled by NORAD.
After the tuff was heated by the fire, it took on a more intense red color and therefore the hill became red.
However, its guns were not fired in anger until 8 June 1942, during the shelling of Newcastle.
Part of the forts of Metz, it had its baptism of fire in late 1944 during the Battle of Metz.
The fortification system incorporated new principals of defensive construction to deal with advances in artillery.
It was constructed using the labour of thousands of prisoners of war and forcibly conscripted workers used as slave labourers.
Submarine U-475 Black Widow was a Soviet Navy submarine of the Cold war period, which is now in private hands.
Fort Saint Jacques, Fort Rupert, or Fort Charles was a fur trading post on James Bay at the mouth of the Rupert River.
In 1933-4, this was modernized and became the Alcatraz Federal Penitentiary.
It had a perimeter of 360 yards and emplacements for 12 guns.
By 1443 it had only been taken by surprise by Phillip the Good.
The victorious German commander, Generalfeldmarschall Paul von Hindenburg, became a national hero, and was later elected Reichspräsident.
There is no longer an active airfield on the base, as the airfield was decommissioned in 2009.
The fortress was decommissioned in 1816 by king Charles XIV John.
It belongs to the U.S. Coast Guard's 8th District, Sector Corpus Christi.
The castle was restored in the 20th century and is now open to the public.
It is named after the sazhen, a former Russian unit of measurement which translates as fathom and has a length of 2.1 metres.
Le Marchant Barracks is a former military installation in Devizes, Wiltshire, England.
After a period of reserve duty in the 1950s and 1960s it was deactivated.
The latter was built in 1732 and named after Princess Caroline, the daughter of King George II.
Potosi was located along the north bank of Mine Creek and it was along the military road running from Fort Leavenworth to Fort Gibson.
In 1949, the airport became a United States Air Force Reserve base until 1960.
Prior to the French and Indian War, the post had a French garrison of 10 soldiers, a commandant, blacksmith, Catholic priest, interpreter, and 15 additional households.
Construction of the tower is credited to a Captain Goper of the Engineers Corp.
It is still possible to find remnants of these wartime airfields.
There was one of the primary commercial ports called “Urundai” beside the fort.
It is located 16.2 miles south of Minot, North Dakota; on the west side of US Highway 83.
Torthorwald Castle was originally owned by Sir David Torthorwald in the 13th Century.
In 1841 a new fortified enclosure of Paris was proposed, becoming known as the Thiers wall after its chief proponent, prime minister Adolphe Thiers.
In the postwar period it was enveloped by the city of Daejeon and is now a commercial and residential area.
There have been seven radars at this site and it is run by the Russian Aerospace Defence Forces.
Captain Patrick Sinclair was left to secure the area while Amherst proceeded on his way to attack Montreal.
Renovation of the building was completed in 2012 with the help of a grant from the European Regional Development Fund.
Construction was begun in 1603 or October 1609 under military architect Gabrio Brusca, and was substantially complete within three years.
Inside, there currently is a statue in honor of Shivaji, the leader of the Marathas in the seventeenth century.
62d Troop Carrier Group, 30 September 1944-8 January 1945
It is a key part of the Russian early warning system against missile attack and is run by the Russian Aerospace Defence Forces.
Buildings inside the fort include the Governor's residence, Queen's House, Kruys Church, the Garrison Parade Ground, Police quarters and several buildings from the Portuguese era.
It is part of the United States Army Training and Doctrine Command and is the site of the U.S. Army War College.
From 1806 to 1904 it was named Fort Columbus, presumably for explorer Christopher Columbus.
The station is home to Sector Southeast New England.
An epidemic of smallpox thwarted the mission.
on the Kennebec River and Penobscot on the Penobscot River.
Scordia Airfield is an abandoned World War II military airfield in Italy, which is located approximately 1 km north of Scordia in Sicily.
It is located 14.6 miles northeast of Lyndonville, Vermont.
The airport was acquired by the Army Air Forces Continental Air Forces, becoming an entirely military installation in February 1945.
Currently the defence line is under restoration.
During its existence, it operated next to Chelsea Naval Hospital.
INS Shivaji is an Indian Naval station located in Lonavala, Maharashtra, India.
Since 1960 it has housed the Vestiena primary school.
It is now an industrial site, used for the storage and testing of rocket propellant.
The IJssel line of defense was intended to slow down a Soviet offensive, providing time for Allied support to reach the Netherlands.
By 1885 there were three 32-pdr smoothbore guns, two 8-inch howitzers and four 64-pdr rifled muzzle loaders.
It was activated in April, and declared completely operational in late 1952.
Ackergill Tower is located north of Wick, Caithness, in northern Scotland.
GTsPRN) is the Russian early warning network against ballistic missile attack.
It was located in what is now Waskaganish, Nord-du-Québec region, Quebec, Canada.
The battery was initially armed with two 6-pounder iron guns.
The new work cost 12.8 million francs.
It is preserved as a war memorial.
The fort was heavily bombarded by German artillery in the Battle of Liège in World War I and again at the opening of World War II.
Barron Field is a former World War I military airfield, located 1.0 mile West-southwest of Everman, Texas.
Fort Scratchley, a former coastal defence installation, is now a museum.
It was closed in 1998 by the Air Force, and turned over to the Federal Aviation Administration.
At this same location there had been a prisoner camp during the Franco-Prussian War of 1870-71.
It is situated twenty kilometers east of Thionville, in the Moselle département, near the village of Veckring, on the Hackenberg.
Today, it is the city-owned Coffeyville Municipal Airport, Kansas.
Castle Howe is a motte and bailey castle in the town of Kendal, England.
Hundreds of the temporary buildings that were used survive today, and are being used for other purposes.
Their sites are located on West Peak of Mount Tamalpais, in Marin County, California.
Built on land belonging to the Goodwood Estate, the then landowner, the Duke of Richmond, Frederick Gordon-Lennox retained the Title Deed to the land.
It is located 2.9 miles west-northwest of Naval Air Station Keflavik, Iceland.
It is currently in the 9th arrondissement of Lyon and is part of the first belt of forts protecting Lyon.
Opened in 1942, it was used by both the Royal Air Force and United States Army Air Forces.
The Scots garrisoned the castle, however it was captured later the same year.
These were demolished after World War II, leaving only a few historic buildings within the Fortezza.
The lease of the land includes provisions for mining access.
It is located 2,216 metres above sea level in the Sanglok mountains, an area with clear night skies.
The Norman invaders of the 11th century took the city without resistance, and by the 12th century the walls were ill-maintained and of little military value.
Dalmusternock was a dower house built and occupied by William Mure after his marriage and prior to inheriting the family seat of Rowallan Castle.
The area provided a post located between the Assiniboine River and the Saskatchewan River.
They are part of 16 Air Assault Brigade, whose headquarters is at Colchester.
Älvsborg is a large sea fortress in Rivö fjord within modern Gothenburg, Sweden.
The structure is lightly fortified by a perimeter wall.
It served as the centre of fur trade within the Red River Colony.
It also houses the Minnesota Military Museum, a museum that is open for the public and military personnel.
Although Rennyo sought isolation in retiring to this quiet place, he very quickly attracted a great number of devotees and followers.
The site of the castle is now St. Paul's Cathedral.
Amchitka Air Force Base is an abandoned Air Force Base located on Amchitka, in the Rat Islands group of the Aleutian Islands in southwest Alaska.
The name of the castle derives from the German words "Ente" and "Stein", which means duck and stone.
It is the first base to host the recently acquired F-16 fighters.
It was bought by the Canons of Windsor in 1364, who began to sell off its stonework.
Vendôme Tower is a tour-reduit in Marsaxlokk, Malta.
Hama Castle is located in Hama, Syria, Located on the Orontes River.
Gardner AAF is historically significant as Brigadier General Charles Elwood "Chuck" Yeager first learned how to fly an airplane there.
Owned by Charles, Prince of Wales as part of the landholdings of the Duchy of Cornwall, the site is currently managed by English Heritage.
Tanambogo was later utilised by the Yokohama and Yokusuka Air Groups.
Seized in the Battle of France, it became a Luftwaffe airfield until being captured by the United States Third Army in September 1944.
Cape Opmarai Airfield is a disused airfield located near Sansapor, in Irian Jaya province, Indonesia.
It was built in the 16th century to protect the southern border of the Kingdom of Poland and the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.
There were actually three versions of turbojet-powered, cruise missiles that were called "SS-N-3" by Western intelligence sources, with multiple variants.
It is located in the small town of Concarneau, near Quimper.
It was built by the Order of Saint John in 1715–1716 as one of a series of coastal fortifications around the Maltese Islands.
Mehrangarh Fort, located in [Jodhpur], Rajasthan, is one of the largest forts in India.
The Northwest Indian War ended with the Battle of Fallen Timbers, where General Anthony Wayne finally achieved an American victory.
Although demolished and rebuilt several times, the castle retains the distinctive triangular plan first laid out in the 13th century.
The name Thalner probably derived from this old temple of Thaleshwar.
The guns of Shoal Tower defended the approaches of Kingston Harbour.
From there, the line passed by Mill, Peel along the Zuid-Willemsvaart until the Belgium border nearby Weert.
Camp Warner was located at two different sites approximately 35 miles apart.
It was located on the southern west coast of the United States, north of San Diego at La Jolla, California.
Between 50 and 55 thousand of them were buried in 500 mass graves at the Sudwa cemetery located nearby.
McCook's functions were transferred to Wright Field when it was closed in October 1927.
When the Americans moved out at the end of April 1943, the airfield was dismantled and abandoned.
This air traffic environment takes place within the area of the busiest airport in the world and is as busy as many medium-sized commercial airports.
The Lunt Roman Fort is the archaeological site of a Roman fort, of unknown name, in the Roman province of Britannia.
Redford Cavalry and Infantry Barracks is located on Colinton Road, near the Edinburgh City Bypass, east of the suburb of Colinton in Edinburgh, Scotland.
It is known as the Great Hall, and is used for large conferences and special events.
John of Gaunt spent lavishly in the late 14th century, turning the medieval castle into a palace fortress designed in the latest perpendicular style.
A communication trench was also dug to the nearby Prince's Lines.
During the British rule, the fort was used as a rest house.
Orford Ness is an internationally important site for nature conservation.
At that time, it was known as Blackdown Barracks.
By 1000 a tower house might have been in use.
The Lower Genoese Battery was called the Reduto de San Philipe.
Gaps along the outside walls of buildings were filled in with stockade walls.
It was operated as part of the Pinetree Line network controlled by NORAD.
A lot of the original buildings remain in good condition.
The station closed again in 1958 when the school was relocated to Gimli, Manitoba.
Fort Craig was a small crescent-shaped, Civil War-era fort built by the Union Army in Arlington County in Virginia.
In December 2014, ISIL blew up the city's northern and western walls, causing extensive damage.
Early in 1782, Captain Thomas Shirley in the 50-gun ship Leander and the sloop-of-war Alligator sailed to the Dutch Gold Coast.
In 1741, the elder La Vérendrye sent an expedition of men to establish the fort.
Additional frame structures were added in the late 1870s.
It is now open for public tours during the summer months.
The explorer Stephen Harriman Long described it in 1819 at the location.
The castle's name literally means "demon castle"; according to a traditional fable, a demon named Onra or Ura once ruled Kibi Province from the castle.
The station also conducts about ten Presidential Security Zones.
Saint Albans Air Force Station is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station.
Grain Tower is a mid-19th-century gun tower situated offshore just east of Grain, Kent, standing in the mouth of the River Medway.
Both Union and Confederate troops operated in the area surrounding Osage Mission and at times troops from both sides entered it.
The Montalts later sold the castle to Queen Isabella, who lived there after her fall from power in 1330.
Srebrenik Fortress is Bosnia's best-preserved medieval castle dating from 1333.
A small community, Camp Dennison, sprang up around the camp and hospital.
SAC assumed jurisdiction of the base on 1 June 1955.
From May to September 1856, Charles Robinson and six other prisoners from the free-state cause were held prisoner at Camp Sacket.
Fort Carson is a United States Army installation located in El Paso County, Colorado, near the city of Colorado Springs.
The ouvrage consists of one combat block at an altitude of 2,393 metres on the Col de la Buffère.
The Fort is located next to Firefly Estate, the original home of Sir Henry Morgan, and later, Sir Noël Coward.
It is run by the Russian Aerospace Defence Forces.
Langanes Air Station is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station.
Capitulation of Army Group Courland was signed here on 9 May 1945.
See Also: Walnut Ridge Air Force Station
Kakavaberd or Kaqavaberd is a fortress on a ridge overlooking the Azat River gorge at the Khosrov State Reserve in the Ararat Province of Armenia.
At some point in time, control of RAF Wroughton was handed over to the Royal Navy, and it became RNAS Wroughton.
On June 26, 2015, Fort Mac LRA became the owner of 145 acres of property on the former Fort McPherson in Southwest Atlanta, Georgia.
The Marine Safety Detachment is located on the Island of Saint Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands.
When the 57th moved out to Milazzo to prepare for the invasion of the Italian mainland, the airfield was closed and dismantled.
Yeni-Kale is a fortress on the shore of Kerch Strait in the city of Kerch.
It is named for 1st Lt. Eric Ellington, a U.S. Army aviator who was killed in a plane crash in San Diego, California in 1913.
The site is now the Atomic Energy Research Establishment and Rutherford Appleton Laboratory and is located in Oxfordshire.
It saw action in 1940 during the Battle of Belgium, and was captured by German forces.
The ouvrage lies at an altitude of 2,329 metres.
It is located 3.2 miles north of Zapata, Texas.
It was captured from the French by a ruse in 1712 during the War of the Spanish Succession.
It returned to French control in September 1944.
Today, the Camp is home to two training centers for National Guard troops.
Russian sources indicate that there was only submarine-launched version of P-5.
From 1717 it was one of the postes du nord which included a post on the Nipigon River and one at Michipicoten.
A museum in the barracks is open to the public at selected times.
Gibbsboro Air Force Station is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station.
Hicks Field is a former World War I military airfield, located 5.6 miles North-northwest of Saginaw, Texas.
Leadville Municipal Airport was a Colorado World War II Army Airfield "adjacent to Highway No.
It is a unique example for its time of a defensive enclosure around a village.
Royal Air Force station Drem or RAF Drem is a former Royal Air Force station, just north of the village of Drem in East Lothian, Scotland.
Burniston Barracks was a military installation on Burniston Road in Scarborough.
In the 1870s, the British built Fort Saint Rocco on the site of the battery.
Construction of the lines began in 1636 and they were named after the military engineer who designed them, Pietro Paolo Floriani.
It is the most visited tourist attraction in Belgrade, beating Skadarlija.
Totnes Castle is one of the best preserved examples of a Norman motte and bailey castle in England.
Most of these airfields were under the command of First Air Force or the Army Air Forces Training Command.
The radar is estimated to cost 4.43 billion rubles.
The installation is located at Youngstown–Warren Regional Airport.
Camp Albert L. Mills was a military installation on Long Island, New York.
The Lulworth Ranges are military firing ranges located between Wareham and Lulworth in Dorset, England.
It was a stronghold of Clan Donald, but later passed to the Campbells.
It was erected by Mahmud Gawan Vazir of Bahamani Sultanate.
It was designed by N. Roth, an architect from Vienna.
Ouvrage Plate Lombard is a lesser work of the Maginot Line's Alpine extension, the Alpine Line.
The fort and tower were restored and re-opened in 1983 as the Historical Museum of Aruba.
Kenilworth has also played an important historical role.
It was built in 1642, at the start of the English Civil War and was captured in 1646.
Monkcastle near Dalgarven was the abbot's country retreat.
Kagnew Station operated until April 29, 1977, when the last Americans left.
The Naxxar Entrenchment is an infantry entrenchment in Naxxar, Malta, which was built in the 18th century by the Order of Saint John.
Osceola Air Force Station is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station.
Its current station commander is Group Captain Philip J Robinson OBE DFC** MA RAF.
The Onsta family belonged to one of the oldest and most prominent families of the Ommelanden.
The headquarters is a conglomeration of the Original Headquarters Building and the New Headquarters Building that sits on a total of 258 acres of land.
It was named for Brigadier General Charles Henry Crane, surgeon general of the Army in 1882-83.
The airfield also provides CH-47, UH-60 and AH-64 Synthetic Flight Training Systems for all Fort Riley aviation units and specific Army National Guard aviation units.
Canadians named the training complex Camp Taliaferro after Walter Taliaferro, a US aviator who had been killed in an accident.
Today, the area is abandoned with various concrete parts of the station still in evidence when viewed by aerial photography.
After raiding Lawrence, Quantrill moved toward Paola.
The Wozdwizhenskaya Cossacks supported the Imperial government during the Pugachev's Rebellion in 1773—1775.
The prevailing temperatures in the area are some of the hottest in the world, making steel planking unsuitable for airfield use.
The barracks were built in the 1730s and were on the west side of Gibraltar overlooking the docks and the harbour.
U.S. Customs facilities are on the field and the airport is part of a Foreign Trade Zone.
Little Bay Battery is an artillery battery in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
The East and West Blockhouses were Device Forts built by King Henry VIII in 1539 to protect the harbour of Milford Haven in Wales.
By the end of 1665, three of the five Iroquois Nations made peace in Quebec City.
It was originally built by Spanish military engineers, later improved by the British.
Buehring was one of the highest ranking U.S. casualties of the Iraq War.
The remnants of the fort are still visible and have been incorporated into a coastal park.
RAF El Amiriya is a former Royal Air Force military airfield in Egypt, located approximately 16 km south-southwest of Alexandria; 180 km northwest of Cairo
Robertson Barracks is military installation near Swanton Morley in Norfolk.
Despite the site being idle, there is 24/7 security posted at the gatehouse making the site inaccessible to the public.
The fort is one of four built as part of the Palmerston Forts constructions.
In 2015, Colonel Shelley Balderson became Fort Dix' first female commander in the base's 100-year history.
Ouvrage Granges Communes is a lesser work of the Maginot Line's Alpine extension, the Alpine Line.
Some small groups did manage to escape.
Today, Rockwell Field forms the southeastern quadrant of what is today the Naval Air Station, North Island.
Ouvrage Thonnelle is a petit ouvrage of the Maginot Line, located in the Fortified Sector of Montmédy between the towns of Thonnelle and Verneuil-Petit, facing Belgium.
At both occasions the fortress was returned to Swedish control through negotiations and treaties.
Stalag V-A was a German World War II prisoner-of-war camp located on the southern outskirts of Ludwigsburg, Germany.
The present Rannoch Barracks is the Scottish residence of Baron Pearson of Rannoch, a British businessman and the former leader of the UK Independence Party.
It was closed on 30 June 1944
When Price was defeated in the Battle of Westport on October 23, he retreated south along the Kansas-Missouri border.
The station badge depicts Lincoln Cathedral rising through the clouds.
The Fort of the Crèche is a coastal battery of type Séré de Rivières whose construction was completed in 1879.
The dramatic increase in fighting with the Apache was initiated by the Lt "Bascom Affair" that was started near Sonoita.
From 1893 the fort was linked to other forts around Belfort via the Chemins de fer du Territoire de Belfort strategic railroad.
The Air Service Replacement Concentration Barracks is a former military facility in the vicinity of Saint-Maixent-l'École, Poitou-Charentes, France.
The earliest building which forms part of the current ruins was built in the 14th century.
It was located 0.5 miles North of Touquin, in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Sindhudurg Fort is a historical fort that occupies an islet in the Arabian Sea, just off the coast of Maharashtra in Western India.
The now-ruinous keep of the medieval Norman castle is commonly referred to as Clifford's Tower.
It was located on the southern mouth of the Kokuba River in Naha Port.
One machine gun cloche and embrasures for a heavy twin machine gun and a light machine gun were built, but not equipped.
A portion of the old Lahaina Fort was reconstructed in 1964.
The ANG of the territories of Guam and the Virgin Islands have no aircraft assigned and perform ground support functions.
Chaithurgarh is situated around 70 kilometres from Korba and 25 kilometres from Pali town.
French privateers may have used the islands as a staging place for operations against Spanish galleons in the 16th century.
It is one of five cantonment in Chittagong Hill Tracts area.
Today, a park occupies the site of the fort, which was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
The facility is under the jurisdiction of the United States Air Force 11th Wing, Air Force District of Washington.
The site is managed by the Australian Signals Directorate.
After the Rebellion, the area around the fort continued to grow.
As an AFRC airlift unit, the 908th is operationally gained by the Air Mobility Command.
During World War II, Kansas was a major United States Army Air Forces training center for pilots and aircrews of USAAF fighters and bombers.
The Royal Artillery Barracks at Woolwich in the Royal Borough of Greenwich, London, was the home of the Royal Artillery from 1776 until 2007.
Camp Casey is one of several U.S. Army bases in South Korea near the Korean Demilitarized Zone.
Royal Air Force Burtonwood or more simply RAF Burtonwood is a former Royal Air Force station 2 miles northwest of Warrington, Cheshire, England.
The fort was soon retaken by Selkirk's men and there was a short period of relative peace.
Approximately 9,000 airmen were imprisoned there when it was liberated on the night of 30 April 1945 by Russian troops.
It is located 7.6 miles south-southwest of Fort Wayne, Indiana.
Springfield Air National Guard Base is the home base of the Ohio Air National Guard's 178th Fighter Wing.
The original Hermitage fell into disrepair and was rebuilt in 1874.
Following the 1995 Base Realignment and Closure Commission, it closed in 1998.
The new walls, completed by the early 13th century, were constructed of stone and had three main gates.
It was captured by Coalition forces during Operation Iraqi Freedom in 2003.
It was built on a hill overlooking Eef beach.
All air and ground operations are directed from SLAF Colombo.
The castle had a keep at its centre, surrounded by a curtain wall and a moat.
Portions of the fort have been restored.
Today, the airfield is abandoned and parts of the facility remains undeveloped as a relic.
Thaba Tshwane should not be confused with the much larger City of Tshwane Metropolitan Municipality, that was created in 2000, which includes Pretoria.
Very little is known about the facility, including its precise location.
The site overlooks the 19th Century Martello tower of La Tour de Vinde.
The camp is a satellite station of RAF Honington.
Lemmes Aerodrome, was a temporary World War I airfield in France.
It was used as a bomber base during the Second World War.
It operated as a training field for the Air Service, United States Army between 1917 until 1919.
The current king and the resident of the fort is Pelu bhiru
Between 1920 and 1957 the building functioned as a children's home.
The Worli Fort is a fort built by the British in Worli, Mumbai, India.
The fort itself is under the control of the Archaeological Survey of India.
There have been a number of announcements about the introduction of this radar, the first one of the third generation Voronezh series of early warning radar.
The castle became a new administrative centre of the former Anglo-Saxon settlement of Berkhamsted.
Ouvrage Grand-Hohékirkel is a petit ouvrage of the Maginot Line, located near Bitche in the French département of Moselle.
Royal Air Force Station Wendling or RAF Wendling is a former Royal Air Force station located 4 miles north west of East Dereham, Norfolk, England.
Hutment Battery is an artillery battery in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
Qawra Tower, also known as Qawra Point Tower or Fra Ben Tower, is a small watchtower in Qawra, limits of St. Paul's Bay, Malta.
It was active between 1917 and 1963, and played an important role in the development of Airborne Interception radar.
Battery Way was named for Lt. Henry N. Way of the 4th U.S.
The Kremlin also houses the Church of the Nativity.
Tsiatsungõlmaa training area is one of the six military training fields used by the Estonian Defence Forces.
Amherstburg Royal Naval Dockyard was a Royal Navy yard from 1796 to 1813 in Amherstburg, Ontario.
They had been using the base off and on for police training and a number of other functions.
Lori Fortress is an 11th-century Armenian fortress located near the Lori Berd village in Lori Province, Armenia.
It is maintained as a tourist attraction by English Heritage.
The Russell Offices is a complex of office buildings located in the Canberra suburb of Russell.
During the Second World War, Framlingham Castle was used by the British military as part of the regional defences against a potential German invasion.
Naval memorabilia including antique cannons and cannonballs decorate the lawns of the fortification.
It was one of the most impressive neo-Gothic buildings in Latvia.
The Lines run along what had been an access path up to the Granada Gate.
The four main walls, which are 12 m high, enclose a space similar to a rhombus, in height, in opposite corners of the structure.
The Prince's Lines are part of the fortifications of Gibraltar, situated on the lower slopes of the north-west face of the Rock of Gibraltar.
Adjacent to the storage facility is the now closed Seneca Army Airfield, whose long runway could handle large cargo aircraft.
It is located 0.7 miles east-northeast of Grand Rapids, Minnesota.
First manor building in this place was built in the end of the 18th century.
Brock Barracks is a British Army barracks in the town of Reading in the English county of Berkshire.
A drawbridge and causeway provided access to the castle.
The airport was known as the Klamath Falls Municipal Airport and consisted of gravel runways and one fixed-base operator.
The Alcazaba of Almería is a fortified complex in Almería, southern Spain.
It was named for General Winfield Scott, who was then General-in-Chief of the Union Army.
Until recently, the redoubt was used as a police station.
It was located strategically up the Saint John River and close to the native village Fort Meductic for military purposes.
When the 57th moved out the airfield was closed and dismantled.
Royal Air Force Cosford or RAF Cosford is a Royal Air Force station in Cosford, Shropshire, just to the northwest of Wolverhampton and next to Albrighton.
The 827th Aircraft Control and Warning Squadron was activated at Kingsley Field in 1957.
The camp was eventually dissolved, and its attendees were sent to fight on the Eastern Front, or interned in concentration camps after 1943.
Alconbury, RAF Molesworth, and RAF Upwood make up the "Tri-Base Area", because of their geographic proximity and interdependency.
La Chorrera Army Airfield is a former United States Army Air Forces World War II air base on Panama.
Seefeld Castle is a castle in Seefeld, Bavaria that has its origins in a 13th-century building but has since been extensively modified.
The F-4 Object is a formerly secret nuclear shelter under the downtown of Budapest.
Charra Airfield is an abandoned airfield in India, located 5 miles ExNE of Purulia, in West Bengal.
After World War I, Grauerort was converted to a naval mine arsenal.
The Campus Martius was located on the east side of the Muskingum River, and upriver from its confluence with the Ohio River.
The Navy Annex was a building near the Pentagon in Arlington, Virginia mainly used as offices for the United States Department of the Navy.
Braemar Castle is situated near the village of Braemar in Aberdeenshire, Scotland.
Portuguese try to capture Kandy due to secret negotiation between king Rajasinha II of Kandy and the Dutch.
The Fort Garry Horse has been a component of the Winnipeg military garrison throughout the 20th and into the 21st Centuries.
98th Bombardment Group, 19 December 1943 – 17 January 1944, B-24 Liberator
In the past, the tower housed the Land Registry of the Hambantota Kachcheri.
Today, the site is a national memorial and museum which is open to the public.
It was built between 1875 and 1878 by the British to defend part of the Victoria Lines.
The first gate of the fort is known as Hanumanpol, which served as the entrance to the lower fort.
Today, there are no remaining traces of the airfield as the area around the town of Chlef has grown substantially since the war.
Tangy Loch Castle is a ruined fortified dwelling on an islet in Tangy Loch, Kintyre, Scotland.
It was built by Sir William Asthorpe after 1380 to a quadrangular design.
Oro Bay Airfield is a former World War II airfield in Oro Province, Papua New Guinea.
Okehampton Castle is a medieval motte and bailey castle in Devon, England.
Ouvrage Les Aittes is a lesser work of the Maginot Line's Alpine extension, the Alpine Line.
Gradačac Castle is 138 metres above sea level.
For a time, the "hospital" was simply a shelter, although there was minimal bedding.
The castle was built in the 11th century as a motte and bailey design, although some suggest a later construction date in the early 12th century.
Following this, the Cliffords began spending more time at their other castles, particularly Skipton Castle in Yorkshire.
Known units which operated from Ain M'lila were:
Although some military officials wanted a masonry fort, it was built of wood, in a four bastioned, square configuration.
Two English monarchs are known to have stayed at the castle, King John and Henry VIII.
Building of the fort is credited to Shivaji, founder of the Maratha Empire, in 1660.
It was built between 1881 and 1884 according to the plans of General Henri Alexis Brialmont.
It was severely damaged by fire in 1905, but later repaired in 1912-1913.
Kolaba Fort is an old military fortification in India.
RCAF Station Centralia was a Royal Canadian Air Force training base located just outside the village of Centralia near Exeter, Ontario, Canada.
INS Utkrosh is an adjacent naval air station.
It was operational from 1939 to 1971 and the site now houses the main campus of Universiti Sains Malaysia.
Royal Air Force Luqa was a Royal Air Force station located on the island of Malta, now developed into the Malta International Airport.
The Naval Station itself has about 350 sailors and civilians assigned.
Debate continued over the safety of the site and the long-term health effects on the traditional Aboriginal owners of the land and former personnel.
Malmstrom Air Force Base is a United States Air Force base and census-designated place in Great Falls, Cascade County, Montana, United States.
A new village of Bhangarh with a population of 1,306 in 200 households has developed outside the limits of the fort.
The 417th Night Fighter Squadron used the airfield 12 September 1944 – 5 April 1945, flying Bristol Beaufighters.
MEI was founded as part of the Moscow Power Engineering Institute and undertakes work on antennae, telemetry and other radio and space related technologies.
It is a grade I listed building.
An AN/FPS-6 was added in 1956, and the AN/FPS-4 was replaced by an AN/GPS-3 in 1957.
It forms part of the Séré de Rivières system fortifications in the fortified region of Belfort in northeastern France.
Guskhara Airfield is a former wartime United States Army Air Forces airfield in India used during the Burma Campaign 1944-1945.
The name means 'wicked mountain' in the Bashkir language.
Since 1918, Fort Benning has served as the Home of the Infantry.
Its front was pierced with loopholes to facilitate rifle fire, while the walled courtyard at the rear was protected by caponiers projecting out from each wall.
However the other USAAF support commands; Air Transport Command or Troop Carrier Command) commanded a significant number of airfields in a support roles.
It is currently disused, though some buildings survive.
During one of these years a brigade going downriver was ambushed and many of the men killed or wounded.
Pandaveswar Airfield is a former wartime United States Army Air Forces airfield in India used during the Burma Campaign 1944-1945.
In the late 15th century, the castle became increasingly unfashionable and fell into decline.
It has an unusual projecting rim around the parapet.
In May 2012 it was announced that it would go on combat duty before the end of 2012.
It had four 360 feet transmitter masts and two 240 ft wooden receiver masts.
The castle belonged to the De Lacy family who also owned the castles of Ludlow and Ewyas Harold.
Tents were used for billeting and support facilities, and an access road was built to connect the airfield facilities with existing roads.
It continues to be open to the public as a vast underground museum complex.
It is still possible to find remnants of these wartime airfields.
By train – Nearest station is Satara Road, and major station is Pune.
Caister Roman Site is a Roman Saxon Shore fort, located in Caister-on-Sea, Norfolk.
In 1626, Đorđić mentioned Visoki among abandoned towns.
Fort Beschutter was built as square-shaped fort like other two in the Elephant Pass area.
The battery was decommissioned in the 1970s and the gun was later removed, to rest in a scrap yard.
During World War II these Colorado airfields were under the command of Third Air Force or the Army Air Forces Training Command.
Aumetz was initially planned as a gros ouvrage of six combat blocks, but only three infantry blocks were built.
The Regia Aeronautica 8° Gruppo Macchi C.200 fighters landed at Agrigento on 13 September.
The site spent a considerable number of years after the second world war as a holiday camp.
Sir John Moore Barracks is a military installation near Winchester.
Fort San Miguel was a Spanish fortification at Yuquot on Nootka Island, just west of north-central Vancouver Island.
A total of six towers of this type were constructed, four of which survive.
Because of its use as a lighthouse the tower has been called Ardencaple Castle Light.
The Croatian leg of the Red Bull Cliff Diving World Series takes place in Lovrijenac.
It was active during World War II as a training airfield.
Tas-Samra Battery was an artillery battery in Ħamrun, Malta, built by Maltese insurgents during the French blockade of 1798–1800.
It is located 5.6 miles south-southeast of Osceola, Wisconsin.
This north-south line would be used again as the Michigan Meridian in the survey of lands in Michigan.
The airfield was inactivated after 1946 and largely returned to Japanese control in 1972.
In 1940 Hackenberg was never directly attacked, providing covering fire to neighboring positions and harassing nearby German forces.
Only few ruins are visible today in the vicinity of the Carnegie-pier.
Like the other French blockade fortifications, San Rocco Battery was dismantled, possibly sometime after 1814.
The fort was also located deep in the remote badlands, called the Missouri Breaks, which parallels the Missouri River for hundreds of miles.
The depot was selected for closure through the Base Realignment and Closure process in July 1995 and was officially closed on March 18, 2000.
Ouvrage Col de Garde is a lesser work of the Maginot Line's Alpine extension, the Alpine Line, also called the Little Maginot Line.
321st Bombardment Group, February–April 1944, B-25 Mitchell
Its origins are uncertain but it was probably built in the 13th century by Fulk FitzWarin.
'Warwick Camp' was originally the rifle ranges and a training area used by units of the Bermuda Garrison based elsewhere in the colony.
The Taara Army Base is a military installation of the Estonian Defence Forces located in Võru, in South Estonia.
The establishment operated at Portland between 1924 and 1941, and was recommissioned there in 1946.
Hailakandi is a district of the Indian state of Assam.
Đông Hà Combat Base is a former U.S. Marine Corps and U.S. Army base northwest of Quảng Trị in central Vietnam.
Fort Wadsworth is now part of the Staten Island Unit of Gateway National Recreation Area, maintained by the National Park Service.
With the onset of the Sri Lankan Civil War it came under siege on several occasions and was the scene of pitched battles.
The Peninsula Barracks are a group of military buildings in Winchester, Hampshire.
The Battle of Attock took place on 28 April 1758 between Maratha Empire and the Durrani Empire.
It is designated a Grade I listed building and is now recorded in the National Heritage List for England, maintained by Historic England.
Miles City Air Force Station is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station.
It was surrendered to the British in 1755 after the Battle of Fort Beauséjour and renamed Fort Cumberland.
It was built by the Order of Saint John in 1715 as one of a series of coastal fortifications around the Maltese Islands.
The de Courtenays prospered and the castle was further expanded to accommodate their growing household.
The airfield was located only 3.5 kilometers from the Normandy Gold landing beach, and when it opened the frontline was not much further away.
Sigulda Castle also known as Sigulda New Castle.
The imprints of the impact of cannonballs fired by attacking armies of Jaipur can still be seen on the second gate.
The Associazione Forte di Fuentes, an association for the protection of the historic site, was formed in 1998.
Thiepval Barracks in Lisburn, County Antrim, is the headquarters of the British Army in Northern Ireland and its 38th Brigade.
Its base host unit was the 3936th Air Base Squadron which reported to the SAC 5th Air Division.
Hadleigh Castle is a ruined fortification in the English county of Essex, overlooking the Thames Estuary from south of the town of Hadleigh.
Previously, forts had been built in UK rivermouths etc.
Part of the Brandiston-Swannington road still runs over remains of the runways.
In the 2010 census, Fort Huachuca had a population of about 6,500 active duty soldiers, 7,400 military family members and 5,000 civilian employees.
The Channel Island tunnels are the only ones on the Atlantic wall to be referred to as Hohlganganlagen.
To the west it borders the Põhja-Kõrvemaa Nature Reserve.
The 31st Fighter Group based three squadrons of Supermarine Spitfires at the airfield from 21 February to 11 March 1943.
It was abandoned and has been disused since the war.
A similar design was the Croft pillbox developed by the Croft Granite, Brick and Concrete Company.
Following the anexure of the Kandy Kingdom by the British in 1815 the fort lost its strategic value and was abandoned.
It was closed on 30 September 1945, prior to the establishment of the United States Air Force as an independent service two years later in 1947.
It was also sometimes known as Fort La Galette.
The Bellary Fort was built on top of a hill called the "Ballari Gudda" or the Fort Hill.
The 633rd ABW commander is Col. Caroline M. Miller, with Chief Master Sgt.
Tonopah Test Range is located about 70 miles northwest of Groom Dry Lake, the home of the Area 51 facility.
Bassingbourn Barracks is a Ministry of Defence installation located 3.2 miles north of Royston, Hertfordshire and 10.6 miles southwest of Cambridge, Cambridgeshire, England.
Periodically, on one of the lowest tides of the year, there is a mass walk from St Helens beach out to the fort and back.
Othello Air Force Station is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station.
The base was established in accordance with congressional legislation implementing the recommendations of the 2005 Base Realignment and Closure Commission.
The 17th century fort was completely destroyed except the foundations, which can still be seen today in the forestry hill area.
Port Isabel Air Force Station is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station.
It functioned as the main headquarters for British forces in Germany and for the NATO Northern Army Group.
8th Troop Carrier Squadron, 28 July-7 September 1943, C-47 Skytrain
The Fort des Adelphes, or Fort Richepance, is part of the fortifications of Épinal.
A third position, Deadman's Hole Battery, was later constructed and by 1859 the three batteries had 25 guns between them.
The runway is rated with an unrestricted load-bearing capacity, meaning that it can support any aircraft with any type of load.
Established in 1940 under Chrysler, this plant was owned by the U.S. government until 1996.
In later years, it was used as a military fortification and the British placed a strong garrison here.
The lower platform was armed with two guns, while another gun was located near the battery's entrance.
The fort was later converted into a museum.
Tiņģere Manor is a manor house in Īve parish in Talsi municipality in the historical region of Courland, in western Latvia.
The current General officer commanding of 33 infantry Division & Area commander Comilla Area is Major General Rashed Amin, ndc,psc.
It is also notable in modern history because Mahatma Gandhi was imprisoned by the British in this fort during India’s freedom struggle.
Some parts of it remain today, albeit in disrepair.
Hamina fortress is a Star fort, representing the Renaissance ideal city embodied by Palmanova city in northeastern Italy.
Ross Field is a former World War I military airfield, located 0.8 miles south-southwest of Arcadia, California.
Cathal Brugha Barracks is an Irish Army barracks in Rathmines, Dublin.
The fortifications of Copenhagen underwent a comprehensive modernization and expansion in the 17th century.
The MacEachan family held the castle in the 17th century.
The fort was actually a fortified stone blockhouse, 40 feet long and 30 feet wide, with walls 2.5 feet thick, that also served as Deshler's home.
Haldummulla Fort, also known as Katugodalla Fort, was built by the Portuguese in Haldummulla, Badulla.
Santa Cecilia Tower is a tower in Għajnsielem, Gozo, Malta.
The Onsta family also owned an Onstaborg in Wetsinge.
It is still possible to find remnants of these wartime airfields.
The first castle on the site was an earthwork motte-and-bailey built in the 12th century.
The fort was designated Base aerienne 285.
By 1904, the War Office agreed that Walmer had no remaining military utility and it passed to the Ministry of Works.
Kalec Castle is a partially ruined castle near Zagorje in Slovenia.
These were upgraded to BL 9.2 inch gun Mk X guns in 1901, mounted on Mark V barbettes.
White Castle is a medieval castle located 1 mile north of the village of Llantilio Crossenny in Monmouthshire, Wales, near the B4233 between Monmouth and Abergavenny.
It currently employs several thousand civilian and military personnel.
It was captured by the British in 1817.
It was located a few miles east of present-day Douglas, Arizona.
Most of these airfields were under the command of Fourth Air Force or the Army Air Forces Training Command.
Shoal Tower, originally known as Victoria Tower, is a Martello tower located in the harbour of Kingston, Ontario, Canada, directly opposite Kingston City Hall.
It was given the USAAF designation Station 105.
With his new wealth, he constructed Castle Rising and its surrounding deer park, a combination of fortress and palatial hunting lodge.
It has ten towers, most of which started square, and several of which received many-sided reinforcements with the advent of firearms.
It was built between 1881 and 1884 according to the plans of General Henri Alexis Brialmont.
Today it is the site of a sports complex to the south of Biblis.
The Upper and Lower Genoese Batteries defended the south front of Gibraltar together with the Flat Bastion, South Bastion, Prince Ferdinand's Battery and Healy's Mortar.
Zatrič is a fortress in Kosovo, whose ruins are located near the village Zatrić, ten kilometers north of Orahovac.
Fort Patience, is a Dutch-built fort located in the township of Apam, in the Central Region of Ghana.
The Trấn Bình đài, also called Mang Cá Garrison is a small fortress on the northeast corner of the Imperial City, Huế.
It was abandoned in the 14th century and stripped of its stone and metalwork.
The radar station is a satellite station of RAF Neatishead.
It overlooks the isthmus between Spain and Gibraltar.
Today the airport still operates as Centralia/James T. Field Memorial Aerodrome.
Today the Federal Aviation Administration operates the site as part of the Joint Surveillance System.
The Fort de Montmorency was built following the Franco-Prussian War to defend Paris.
The base is named for the late Brigadier General Barnie B. McEntire, Jr., the first commander of the SCANG and its first general officer.
Scud Hill Battery is an artillery battery in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
The building has been abandoned since 1960.
It is one of the desert castles, located on the outskirts of present-day Azraq, roughly 100 km east of Amman.
The Organisation Todt built casemates around two 240mm guns during the war.
It was from Molesworth on 4 July 1942 that the first USAAF Eighth Air Force mission was flown over Nazi-occupied territory.
Calf Island Military Reservation was a World War II coastal defense site located on Calf Island in Hull, Massachusetts.
Fort Leavenworth has been historically known as the "Intellectual Center of the Army."
The fortress was placed on the main road from Ørje.
The troops left at some point and by October 1863 Union troops were back, when Confederate guerrillas were at the Mission for a time.
The operation was known as Project Vitello.
Skelmorlie Castle stands on the eastern shore of the Firth of Clyde, Scotland, at the north-western corner of the county of Ayrshire.
Below the castle, the Baysungur Mosque and the Çelebi Ali Mosque, built by Baysungur, the bey of Pertek, were located.
Étain - Rouvres Air Base is a base of the French Army Light Aviation.
Today the remains of the airfield are located on private property with the former technical site now being an industrial estate.
As a target of the Oil Campaign of World War II, Heydebreck was first bombed in June 1944.
Chibana Castle, also known as Goeku Castle was a Ryukyuan gusuku on Okinawa Island.
The mound, or tell, is believed to have been built by King Ashurnasirpal II between 884 and 858 BCE as a military defence line of Arrapha.
Izena Castle is a Ryūkyūan gusuku on Izena Island.
During the war, it was used primarily as a reserve transport airfield.
Uniquely, the blocks are not connected by subterranean galleries, as is the case in virtually all other Maginot fortifications.
The War of 1812 began and escalated quickly with US General William Hull invading Canada in July 1812.
Although constructed and manned initially by the Kriegsmarine, the battery was later transferred to the German army.
The attack and burning of Robidoux's forts were the only successful attack by Indians of a trading post in fur trade history.
The structure did not have a roof.
To the left of the fort is the chhatri of Kirat Singh Soda, a soldier who fell on the spot defending the Mehrangarh fort.
It is located within the Flat Bastion, a fortification that projects from the 16th century Charles V Wall at the former southern limit of the city.
Barnbougle Castle is a much-altered tower house on the southern shore of the Firth of Forth, between Cramond and Queensferry, and within the parish of Dalmeny.
Ras el Ma Airfield is an abandoned World War II military airfield in Morocco, located in the southeast suburbs of Ras Kebdana.
It is still possible to find remnants of these wartime airfields.
It has been the home of Kashi Naresh since the eighteenth century.
It was completed in 1638 as the fifth of the Lascaris towers.
Claysburg Air Force Station is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station.
It was located near the commune of Aubréville, in the Lorraine region in northeastern France.
It is believed that it was built before the time of usage of metal tools.
In December 2012, Russia announced that negotiations had been unsuccessful and that they had stopped using the radar station.
The origins of the castle can not be clearly dated.
It was probably the only German POW camp set up exclusively for U.S. Army ground component officers.
Encircling the fort, is a moat filled with water.
Base housing was limited to 300 units.
The castle is two miles west of the village of Crossford, and 4.5 miles north-west of Lanark.
Sandal Castle is a ruined medieval castle in Sandal Magna, a suburb of the city of Wakefield in West Yorkshire, England, overlooking the River Calder.
Other information comes from the early warning Oko satellites and the Don-2N missile defence radar.
It appears that the original entrance was on the first floor.
Oflag VIII-F was a World War II German prisoner-of-war camp for officers located first in Wahlstatt, Germany and then at Mährisch-Trübau, Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia.
The fort, in modern times, is maintained and administered by the Archaeological Survey of India.The fort is one of the prominent tourist destinations in Perambalur.
In the late 1970s restoration of the castle was begun and by the end of the 1980s this was completed.
At most other camps there were several nationalities, although they were usually separated into national compounds.
Armavir Radar Station в Армавире) is an early warning radar station near Armavir in Krasnodar Krai, Russia.
The Ruck machine gun post or Ruck pillbox is a type of hardened field fortification built in Britain during the invasion crisis of 1940–1941.
Topsham Air Force Station is a closed United States Air Force station.
The former King of Scotland, Sir John Balliol, retired to the castle after being released by Pope Boniface VIII and ended his days at the castle.
In the 1990s, the site was cleaned up and turned into the Assabet River National Wildlife Refuge.
It was destroyed in 1690 by Abenaki and French forces at the Battle of Fort Loyal.
Today the site of the airfield is indistinguishable from the many agricultural fields in the area.
It was built during the first half of the 19th century in Classical style.
Victory Field is a former military airfield, located approximately 6 miles south-southwest of Vernon, Texas.
Pungchacheng Airfield is a former World War II United States Army Air Forces airfield in China, located approximately 25 miles west of Quzhou in China.
The "Listening Hotel" should not be confused with the regular Officers' Camp in Karlsuhe in that war.
Two very well preserved examples have recently been rediscovered in a small village in North Norfolk.
On the fourth side there was a wall with 17 bastions.
Mirabella Fortress is a fortress located above town of Omiš in Split-Dalmatia County, in Dalmatia, Croatia.
The castle was home to the chiefs of Clan MacDonald of Dunnyveg and later the MacDonnells of Antrim.
Today, it is mostly agricultural fields, and also a power-generating wind farm, with several electric generating windmills.
Coastal erosion over the centuries had extensively damaged or completely destroyed some sites, but others have been restored and opened to the public as tourist attractions.
It is still possible to find remnants of these wartime airfields.
The Germans halted construction work at Mimoyecques as the Allies advanced up the coast following the Normandy landings.
It is owned by the Duke of Norfolk, who also holds the title of Baron Clun, and is managed by English Heritage.
Altenhus Fortress was a fortification built on the island of Årøya in the Alta area of Finnmark, Norway in 1610.
Its main activity deals with the tests of various types of tactical missiles used or built by Italy, or in collaboration.
INS Garuda is a naval air station located adjacent to INS Venduruthy.
Festung Marienberg was severely damaged by British bombs in March 1945 and only fully rebuilt in 1990.
Camp Newton D. Baker was a United States Army post located near El Paso, Texas.
Saint Thomas Tower, also known as Fort Saint Thomas, is a large bastioned watchtower in Marsaskala, Malta.
Seymour Tower is a coastal defence tower built on a rocky tidal island called L'Avarison, located 2 km east of the shoreline of Jersey.
In fact, Mound City's post became one of the important posts guarding against Confederate guerrilla attacks along the Kansas-Missouri border.
It stands on high ground at the shoreward end of Delimara Point, above il-Ħofra-z-Zgħira.
In aerial imagery, the airfield looks almost like it did in 1943 and is probably the most well-preserved wartime bomber field in Tunisia.
Many companies have adopted the name, such as Fort Garry Industries and the Fort Garry Brewing Company.
The Krepost Sveaborg was an Imperial Russian system of land and coastal fortifications constructed around Helsinki during the First World War.
It was an all-weather temporary field built by the XII Engineer Command using a graded earth compacted surface, with a prefabricated hessian surfacing known as PHS.
Grain Fort is a former artillery fort located just east of the village of Grain, Kent.
Hundreds of the temporary buildings that were used survive today, and are being used for other purposes.
In the 21st century, Eynsford Castle is managed by English Heritage and is open to visitors.
The concrete bunkers of Albania are a ubiquitous sight in the country, with an average of 5.7 bunkers for every square kilometre.
Built in the 1720s, the palace offers a mixture of rococo, Gustavian and Victorian styles.
Ouvrage Saint Ours Bas is a lesser work of the Maginot Line's Alpine extension, the Alpine Line.
Denison Barracks is a military installation at Curridge near Hermitage in Berkshire.
The field is located 6 miles SE of Thetford in Suffolk between the villages of Knettishall and Coney Weston, which lies to the south.
Adjacent to the island later known as Blennerhasset Island, the settlers began construction of Farmer’s Castle during January 1791 for protection during the Northwest Indian War.
The building housed a forestry school from 1939 to 1985.
Proshaberd is a fortress built in the 13th century by Prince Prosh Khaghbakian.
Today, the ruins are open to the public.
RCAF Station Moosonee was opened in 1962 as part of NORAD's Pinetree Line chain of radar stations.
21 Radar Squadron on May 8, 1958.
Seagate Castle is a castle in North Ayrshire, in the town of Irvine, close to the River Irvine, Scotland.
Fort Tigné was restored in the early 21st century, and it is now in good condition.
Camp Colt was a military installation near Gettysburg, Pennsylvania used for Tank Corps recruit training prior to deployment in World War I.
Boise is a landing rights airfield requiring international general aviation flights to receive permission from a Customs and Border Protection officer before landing.
The Songhees' village was later moved to the north shore of Esquimalt Harbour.
Claxton Castle was in the village of Claxton in Norfolk some 13 km south-east of Norwich.
Ottawa – schooner built in Detroit c.1778
Mound City's post was established by 1860 in Mound City, Kansas.
A considerable amount of the fort's equipment remains in place, including kitchens, living facilities and details of armament, in an unusually good state of preservation.
At the time of its construction the fort controlled the Meuse and the railway line linking Reims, Montmédy, Givet and Hirson.
It was abandoned in 1956 and its remains were demolished and infilled a few years later.
The site is abandoned but in good condition, and is freely accessible.
They were built in the UK prior to the invasion and thereafter in northwest Europe from 6 June 1944 to V-E Day, 7 May 1945.
Kempston Barracks is a military installation at Kempston in Bedfordshire.
The site was used for final assembly of marine aircraft.
Roye-Amy Airfield is an abandoned World War II military airfield which is located approximately 5 km south-southeast of Roye, approximately 98 km north-northeast of Paris.
Kobler Field is a former World War II airfield on Saipan in the Mariana Islands.
Known USAAF units which used the airfield were:
Today, that sole remaining tower is used as a navigational aid for shipping on the Firth of Clyde.
For the civil airport, see Armstrong Airport
The base contains a 3,500 metres runway and about 10 large revetments.
Green's Lodge Battery is an artillery battery in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
Search radars installed at the facility included models AMES-11, FPS-3, FPS-502, and FPS-508.
The remains of Castle Liscarroll still tower over the village of Liscarroll and the surrounding countryside.
The names 'Langshaw' or 'Langschaw' were used in historic times.
The Irvine Burns Club was founded on 2 June 1826 and is one of the world's longest continuously active Burns Clubs.
It was successfully assaulted by an Anglo-Indian force commanded by Arthur Wellesley on 15 December 1803 during the Second Anglo-Maratha War.
The castle was mentioned for the first time in written sources in 1404.
Santa Rosa Island Air Force Station is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station.
Today, there are traces of the airfield remaining on the landscape visible from aerial photography, but no buildings or physical features remain.
The Brazilian Department of Aerospace Science and Technology is the national military research center for aviation and space flight.
It was renamed, as was the adjoining plateau, after a British artillery officer called Willis who distinguished himself during the 1704 Capture of Gibraltar.
As of 1989, it served NATO as a pre-positioned wartime ammunition depot, storing around 40,000 tons of missiles, depth charges, and conventional shells.
It was however partially demolished by the local government, who constructed a number of buildings on the site.
Ascott Earl Castle was a castle in the village of Ascott Earl, Oxfordshire, England.
The construction of the fort required that its mountaintop be leveled, a process that produced landslides.
It was captured by Coalition forces during Operation Iraqi Freedom in 2003.
Andrews Field is the airfield portion of Joint Base Andrews which is under the jurisdiction of the United States Air Force.
Joelton Air Force Station is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station.
Castle Batch was a fortification at Worle that once stood overlooking the town of Weston-super-Mare in Somerset, England.
She allowed the property to fall into disrepair and by the time of her death in 1961 it was in a very poor condition.
Both of these owners attempted to limit any alterations to the existing buildings during their conservation work, which was unusual for this period.
It was built by the Order of Saint John in 1715 as one of a series of coastal fortifications around the coasts of the Maltese Islands.
The ouvrage consists of one entry block, one infantry block and one observation block at an altitude of 482 metres.
In 1918, after the Battle of Megiddo, the airport was used as a military airfield by the Royal Air Force, being designated RAF Muqeible.
Royal Air Force station Castletown or more simply RAF Castletown is a former Royal Air Force station that operated during the Second World War.
St. James Cavalier never saw use in any military conflict, but it played a role during the Rising of the Priests in 1775.
Behind the line of defence, five motorised infantry divisions of the Dutch field army were to be positioned.
Today the remains of the airfield are located on private property and, now known as Saltby Airfield, is used primarily for gliding.
Firebase Cunningham is a former U.S. Marine Corps firebase southwest of Đông Hà in central Vietnam.
Montreuil Airfield is an abandoned World War II military airfield, which is located near the commune of La Bazoge in the Pays-de-la-Loire region of northern France.
The village was destroyed on 4 October 1759 by Rogers' Rangers.
In 1789 the royal government's financial crisis and the formation of the National Assembly gave rise to a swelling of republican sentiments among city-dwellers.
The Dutch name stuck, however, translated as Fort Metal Cross.
It was redesigned to resemble a motte and bailey castle, an antiquated design for the period but one that was heavily symbolic of authority and power.
Numerous launches of test rockets for the Russian military were carried out at the site, as well as satellite and sounding rocket launches.
The host unit at Wright-Patterson AFB is the 88th Air Base Wing, assigned to the Air Force Life Cycle Management Center and Air Force Materiel Command.
It was an all-weather temporary field built by the XII Engineer Command using a graded earth compacted surface, with a prefabricated hessian surfacing known as PHS.
At the same time, two towers were built to control enemy fleets' movements.
It is now used only by the UK.
Stephen R. Beggs into a makeshift fort.
The ouvrage consists of one entry block, two infantry blocks and one observation block.
Coincy Aerodrome was a temporary World War I airfield in France.
The site is now within the municipal boundaries of Greater Sudbury.
Freeman Army Airfield is an inactive United States Army Air Forces base.
Ancien Camp is an abri or infantry shelter associated with the Maginot Line's Alpine extension, the Alpine Line.
North Truro Air Force Station is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station.
Marpi Point Field or NAB Marpi Point is a former World War II airfield at the northern end of Saipan in the Northern Mariana Islands.
It is about 7 kilometres south of the town of Vernashen in the Vayots Dzor Province of Armenia.
She is currently moored at Strood, on the River Medway, in South-East England.
The fort is built atop Bhujia Hill overlooking the town.
Samarra is a city in central Iraq, which served as the capital of the Abbasid Caliphate from 836 to 892.
Dishforth airfield is built over part of the Great North Road which is also the old A1.
Lewis' Battery was an artillery battery in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
Ballmertshofen Castle is a 16th-century castle located in the Ballmertshofen section of Dischingen in the Heidenheim district of Baden-Württemberg in Germany.
Originally built in the 19th century, it now houses the Vārme primary school.
Fort Grant is located on the southwestern slope of Mount Graham in what is now Graham County.
The village of Perton now occupies the site of the former airfield.
Garden City Army Airfield was a World War II training base of the United States Army Air Forces Central Flying Training Command.
The British Army is still responsible for some parts of the castle, although its presence is now largely ceremonial and administrative.
It comprised a central stone keep, with three towers and a gatehouse.
Sarsfield Barracks is an Irish Army Barracks in Limerick city.
In 1994, the Australian Government paid compensation amounting to $13.5 million to the local Maralinga Tjarutja people.
It was built by the British in the 1850s within part of the bastions of the 17th century Santa Margherita Lines.
On September 28, 2004, Fort Walsh became part of the Cypress Hills Dark-sky preserve.
The exact date of construction is unknown, but it is believed to have been in the 1860s or early 1870s.
Mount Kempis was chosen as a relay station for signals coming in from the Sector Control Site at RCAF Station Winisk.
It also houses the only Middle School for Lakenheath and Mildenhall, which covers most of the station.
It is located 3.9 miles north of Naselle, Washington.
Trematon Castle is situated near Saltash in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
programs were used as incentives for good behavior.
The construction of the fort provided the impetus for further settlements and trading activity, in what was originally an uninhabited land.
There are many old maps and texts which mention continual attempts by the Marathas to capture this fort.
Relatively few of the dead were recovered; the site is now a military cemetery.
Fort Lee also hosts two Army museums, the U.S. Army Quartermaster Museum and the U.S. Army Women's Museum.
Operationally-gained by Air Mobility Command, the 120 AW reequipped with the Lockheed C-130 Hercules in 2014, which it employs in medium airlift missions.
Civilians were employed in maintenance, repair, and secretarial work.
These individuals have been displaced from the grounds while renovations have been underway.
The castle is situated in the centre of Beverston village, approximately 200 metres north of the A4135 road transecting Beverston.
Today's Charlottetown Airport maintains a remnant of the airfield's runways near its general aviation terminal, however all buildings and most infrastructure have been removed.
Pre-surveyed fields of fire covered the neighboring Fort de Champigny at 3500m and the Fort de Chelles, 6200m away.
It is still possible to find remnants of these wartime airfields.
In 1726 the castle was converted into a private residence by William Benson, despite complaints from the town of Poole.
Meductic Indian Village / Fort Meductic was a Maliseet settlement until the mid-eighteenth century.
Tyrol Castle, less commonly Tirol Castle is a castle in the comune of Tirol near Merano, in the Burggrafenamt district of South Tyrol, Italy.
In 1677 the Dutch fortified it by constructing two additional bastions, increasing the size of the ramparts, digging a moat and erecting a drawbridge.
No traces of the battery can be seen today, but the convent still exists, although it has been modified.
Fordyce Castle is a T-plan castle, its oldest part dating from 1592, about three miles south west of Portsoy, in the village of Fordyce, Aberdeenshire, Scotland.
Erie Proving Ground was a former United States Army facility.
Some detainees were allowed family visitation from Iraqi relatives not held at the facility.
Blockhouse at Massachusetts and Berkley - 38.9657°N 95.2359°W﻿ / 38.9657; -95.2359
The battery is 8 km west of the Houlgate battery.
The fort has been described by James Grant Duff in his posthumously published book of 1863, History of the Mahrattas.
The completed fort was entirely surrounded with walls and palisades and had four main gates at each side.
In 1696 the post was abandoned along with many western posts when the system of fur trade permits was abolished due to a surplus of beaver.
The building was transformed into a blockhouse when the War began and the threats of attacks by Confederate guerrillas grew.
It is still possible to find remnants of these wartime airfields.
It was turned over to the German government on 23 June 2006 and is now a general aviation airport.
A rifle Range was operated along the ridge where current Stanton road now exists.
These guns could fire over 6,000 yards.
North Field is a former World War II airfield on Tinian in the Mariana Islands.
Bath's city walls were a sequence of defensive structures built around the city of Bath in England.
There are 913 steps in the winding stair from the town to the fortress.
Established in 1941, the base is named in honor of former Air Force Chief of Staff General Hoyt Vandenberg.
The battle of Fort Fisher was the most decisive one of the Civil War fought in North Carolina.
In 1737 Claude-Antoine de Bermen de La Martinière was appointed commander of the fort.
Wardija Battery was an artillery battery on the Wardija Ridge in the limits of St. Paul's Bay, on the northern coast of Malta.
It is the closest ultra-light airfield to town of the three in the area.
Office buildings and parking garages now dominate the site's once wide-open views east over the Potomac River.
At the time, the two architects were on the grounds to lead the work on the Castle's construction.
The old site of Camp Alert was never again used.
It is located approximately 10 miles south of Chengdu.
Taken by the British in July 1776 and by July 1779 a redoubt with gun platforms for 26 cannon was built.
It was closed in 1979 by the Air Force, and turned over to the Federal Aviation Administration.
Hartley Castle was a castle near Kirkby Stephen, Cumbria.
In 1953 McReberts Camp was taken over by the RCyAF from the RAF.
Ludwig van Beethoven dedicated two Lieder to the ruin.
The establishment is the final destination for the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament's annual march from Trafalgar Square, London.
Cooke desired to prevent violence from erupting between those favoring the northern and southern causes.
El Assa Airfield is an abandoned World War II military airfield located in the vicinity of Al `Assah in the Baladiyat al Jumayl region of Libya.
Armed with artillery, the forts were intended to be used against enemy ships before they could land forces or attack vessels lying in harbour.
The flying station adjoins Belfast International Airport, sometimes referred to simply as Aldergrove which is the name of the surrounding area.
It was used as a bomber airfield by the Germans during the Battle of Britain and later as an Focke-Wulf Fw 190 interceptor airfield.
Royal Air Force Gibraltar or more simply RAF Gibraltar, also formerly known as North Front, is a Royal Air Force station on Gibraltar.
A grand Neo-Classical style secondary school was built near the manor ruins in 1939.
Today the site is part of the Joint Surveillance System, designated by NORAD as Eastern Air Defense Sector Ground Equipment Facility J-54.
The fort overlooks the main roads to the northeast of Belfort, which form a crossroads at Giromagny.
The sandstone structure was built in the Mughal style in 1750 by Kashi Naresh Raja Balwant Singh.
The original Old Älvsborg Fortress was located on the mainland, on the southern shore of the estuary, above modern Klippan.
As there is no road or rail access to Winisk, an airstrip was also built to serve the base.
Today, the remaining Gediminas Tower is a major symbol of the city of Vilnius and of the nation itself.
Its structure, details and situation in an artificial watery landscape indicate that display was an important aspect of the castle's design as well as defence.
Remnants of the control tower remain and aircraft wreckage can be found in the area.
It is one of three strategic missile bases in the U.S.
It was established by the Soviet Union on 13 May 1946 and in the beginning used technology, material and scientific support from defeated Germany.
The museum is located at the southeastern edge of the town of Hatten.
Varugad Fort, in Man lies, as the crow flies, about twelve miles north-west of Dahivadi, within the limits of Panvan village.
Henry VIII sold the property to Thomas Howard, the Duke of Norfolk, and most of the castle buildings were demolished.
It saw action in 1940 during the Battle of Belgium, and was captured by German forces.
Fenham Barracks is a military installation in Barrack Road, Newcastle upon Tyne.
Several Scottish Kings and Queens have been crowned at Stirling, including Mary, Queen of Scots, in 1542, and others were born or died there.
HRH The Duchess of Cornwall is the Honorary Air Commodore of RAF Leeming.
Brough Castle is a ruined castle in the village of Brough, Cumbria, England.
In 1721 the Dutch constructed a quadrangular fort on the site.
The current Unit based at Dishforth is 6 Regiment Royal Logistics Corps.
It is now operated as a museum, and may be visited.
It is located 6 nautical miles southeast of Tofino, British Columbia, Canada.
After Price was defeated October 23 in the Battle of Westport, his forces moved south along the Kansas-Missouri border.
Del Fango Redoubt's layout was typical of most other coastal redoubts built in Malta.
Maxey Castle was a medieval fortified manor house castle in Maxey, Cambridgeshire, England.
It has been protected by the French state as a monument historique since 1986.
It had a maximum population of some 3,000 prisoners.
RAF Credenhill, also known as RAF Hereford, was a non-flying station of the Royal Air Force situated in the village of Credenhill near Hereford, United Kingdom.
Joint Base Andrews is a United States military facility located in Prince George's County, Maryland.
It was assaulted by German forces during the Battle of France and was captured after a seven-hour bombardment.
Normanton Barracks was a military installation in Normanton, Derby, England.
Cardiff's town walls were a Medieval defensive wall enclosing much of the present day centre of Cardiff, the capital city of Wales, which included Cardiff Castle.
The fort saw no action in the first or second world wars, but its prominent height made it ideal for use as a telecommunications relay station.
Bhamer, is a village with a historical fort in Sakri tehsil of Maharashtra state in India.
On 12 June, soldiers of the 9th Infantry Division, started their attack but found that the Germans were still sleeping when they arrived.
Piardoba Airfield is an abandoned airfield in India, located 6.6 miles S of Bishnupur, West Bengal, Bankura District in the state of West Bengal, India.
Camp Victory was the primary component of the Victory Base Complex which occupied the area surrounding the Baghdad International Airport.
59th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron, 30 September 1968-17 December 1969
The Manoir de Stang-al-lin is a manor-house located in the Finistère département of Brittany in northwestern France.
The Dömitz Fortress is a star fort in Dömitz, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Its vision is to be your medical center of choice, and together, we, “Ensure Strength Through Caring!”
Collins Barracks is a former military barracks in the Arbour Hill area of Dublin, Ireland.
After the 1940 Battle of France, the occupying German Luftwaffe sized the facility and used it as a military airfield.
After the war it was closed in 1946 and placed in reserve status.
Zante Manor is a manor house in the historical region of Zemgale, in Latvia.
It was built by the Venetians in the 16th century, and was captured by the Ottomans in 1646.
The weekend before the military left the estate, fire broke out and the beautiful Cracroft Wilson House was burnt to the ground.
It was recorded that a Celtic tribe, the Scordisci, settled the area in the 3rd century BC following the Gallic invasion of the Balkans.
Fort Jay, a coastal star fort and the name of the former Army post, is located on Governors Island in New York Harbor.
Klamath Air Force Station is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station.
Aiken Air Force Station is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station.
Sirgala training area is one of the six military training fields used by the Estonian Defence Forces.
Buckingham Army Airfield is an inactive United States Army Air Forces base, approximately 10 miles east of Fort Myers, Florida.
64th Troop Carrier Group, 26 July-29 August 1943, C-47 Skytrain,
That fort along with others grew into Fort Wadsworth.
Fort Saint Rocco, also known as Fort Saint Roca on some maps, is a polygonal fort in Kalkara, Malta.
During the English Civil War the castle was held on behalf of Charles I and was taken by Parliamentary forces in 1646.
The French inhabitants were moved to Île Royale which began the construction of Louisbourg.
The eruption destroyed the base and nearly all of the 340th's planes.
Bedford Air Force Station is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station.
St Mawes Castle is an artillery fort constructed by Henry VIII near Falmouth, Cornwall, between 1540 and 1542.
It is administered by the National Park Service as part of the George Washington Memorial Parkway.
The fighter units out after the Tunisian Campaign ended to airfields closer to the coast and the airfield was closed and the airfield was dismantled.
The associated underground support galleries are arranged with a short gallery connecting Blocks 1 and 2, with parallel stubs at Block 2.
Devizes Castle was a medieval fortification in the town of Devizes, Wiltshire, England, on a site now occupied by a Victorian-era castle.
The remains of this fort consist of four stone and clay chimneys.
It was redesigned and rebuilt in the mid-19th century to defend against a new generation of iron-clad French warships.
It was constructed by a mostly German workforce recruited from major engineering and mining concerns, augmented by prisoner-of-war slave labour.
The battery has been largely destroyed, but some remains can still be seen.
Built on the site of the old Fort Janus, it retained the old fort's 95mm naval guns and added two 75mm guns
Dateland Air Force Auxiliary Field is an abandoned military airfield located in Dateland, Arizona, 40 miles east of Yuma, Arizona.
A Chinese JY-11 Radar low/medium altitude 3D surveillance radar has been installed since 2008 as part of the National Air Defence System of Sri Lanka.
Fort Wetherill is a former coast artillery fort that occupies the southern portion of the eastern tip of Conanicut Island, located in Jamestown, Rhode Island.
The fort was first built in 1666 by soldiers of the Carignan-Salières Regiment and was part of a series of forts built along the Richelieu River.
The Grebbe Line was a forward defence line of the Dutch Water Line, based on inundation.
Ouvrage Cap Martin is a work of the Maginot Line's Alpine extension, the Alpine Line, also called the Little Maginot Line.
They are accessible at all times without entrance charge.
It was built in 1659 as the ninth of the De Redin towers.
HMIS Talwar was a shore establishment of the British Royal Indian Navy during World War II, located in Colaba, Bombay.
The ruins rise from a bed of metamorphic rock, on the edge of a fault line which extends to the Castle of Quart.
Princess Anne's Battery is listed with the Gibraltar Heritage Trust.
Opened in 1943, it was used by both the Royal Air Force and United States Army Air Forces.
In April 2014, the Fort Hood website lists 45,414 assigned soldiers and 8,900 civilian employees with Fort Hood covering 214,000 acres.
Wil Castle is a castle from the 13th and 16th century in the municipality of Schlosswil in the Canton of Bern, Switzerland.
RAF Belton Park was established in 1942 as the Royal Air Force Regiment Depot, for training RAF Regiment personnel in airfield defence.
Bangalore Fort began in 1537 as a mud fort.
Administered by Parks Canada, it forms a constituent part of Cypress Hills Interprovincial Park.
Rerhaia Airfield was a World War II military airfield in Algeria, located approximately 3 km northwest of Boudouaou, about 32 km east-southeast of Algiers.
Tintagel Castle has been a tourist destination since the mid-19th century.
Today agriculture has reclaimed the land where the airfield existed, however a faint outline of its main runway can be seen in aerial photography.
While connected by land-line to the station, and remotely operated, it was maintained by a dedicated on-site team of personnel on a 24/7 rotation.
It represented the changing fortune of war in the Pacific and the end of the Japanese expansion in the Southwestern Pacific during World War II.
A British clergyman, William Robertson, recorded his impressions of the Lines from his visit there in 1841:
San Rocco Redoubt was a redoubt in Kalkara, Malta.
It is located 5.7 miles west of Valparaiso, Florida.
Fort Shaw is part of the Fort Shaw Historic District and Cemetery, which was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 11, 1985.
Attempts were made to rebuild it in 1700, though these had to be abandoned due to hostility from the indigenous population.
Bletsoe Castle was a late medieval fortified manor house in the village of Bletsoe, Bedfordshire.
It was built around the 14th century by Samekawa, son of the Yogura Chief of Iheya Island.
It is located on the North Face of the Rock of Gibraltar at the northern end of the Upper Rock Nature Reserve, above Green's Lodge Battery.
It was seized by invading U.S. forces during Operation Iraqi Freedom in 2003.
The station was not renamed Menemsha, however, until 1974.
The position saw little action in World War II.
RAF Stanmore Park was a Royal Air Force station in Stanmore, Middlesex.
It was named in honor of Francis E. Warren in 1930.
The 2010 United States census reported Fort Irwin's population was 8,845.
98th Bombardment Group, 22 September-22 November 1943, B-24 Liberator
The fortifications were well known throughout Europe by the 17th century, and might have influenced the designs of part of the Fortress of Luxembourg.
Caludon Castle is a Scheduled Ancient Monument and Grade I listed building in Coventry, in the West Midlands of England.
It is located 4 miles south of Dalbeattie, and 1 mile south of Palnackie, in Buittle parish.
At this time, the base became known as RAF Hythe.
Aloe Army Airfield is an abandoned airfield located 7 miles west of Victoria, Texas.
The first post commander was Melancthon Smith Wade, a Cincinnatian who was a former general in the Ohio Militia.
It replaced Nagamori Castle as the base of operations for the area and served as home for regional shugo until Saitō Dōsan switched to Inabayama Castle.
It was operational during the First and Second World Wars.
There is no public access to the castle remains.
The Presidio de Calabasas, also known as Fort Calabasas or Camp Calabasas, was a stone fortress built by Mexico in 1837 south of Tumacacori, Arizona.
The fort has been stripped and is entirely empty.
Rangamati Cantonment is a cantonment located in Rangamati.
Built between 1937 and 1939, the fort covers the Swiss end on the Mont d'Or railroad tunnel and the Joux valley.
Forbes' Batteries are a pair of artillery batteries in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
It was built by the Order of Saint John in 1715–1716 as one of a series of coastal fortifications around the Maltese Islands.
The present structure is a reconstruction of the old primitive at this location, surrounded by a park.
BHM averages 301 aircraft operations a day, including 136 flights to 43 airports in 40 cities.
It maintains two runways and one helipad.
It was formerly a major Royal Air Force airfield built before World War II, and later used by the Egyptian Air Force.
It consisted as usual of a single pointed arch about seven feet high of well cut masonry the top of which has fallen in.
Fort Albany was one of the oldest and most important Hudson's Bay Company posts.
The fort has been extensively renovated by Archaeological Survey of India in 2012.
Most of these airfields were under the command of Second Air Force or the Army Air Forces Training Command.
Colwyn Castle was a medieval castle near Llansantffraed in Wales.
Built from the Regia Marina in Lagoon of Orbetello for the Italian Navy Aviation, in 1925 was transferred to Regia Aeronautica.
South Batteries is an artillery battery in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
The base contains a government and contractor workforce that averages 36,000 to 40,000 personnel daily.
Although once a luxurious residence of the Earl of Cornwall, the castle was all but ruined by the 16th century.
The Casemate de Rountzenheim Sud is an interval infantry casemate of the Maginot Line.
Its primary components are the Wyoming Army National Guard, and the Wyoming Air National Guard.
The position was built between 1931 and 1935.
It is still possible to find remnants of these wartime airfields.
In the autumn of 1815, when the HBC men arrived for the winter's trade they found that their post had been burnt by the NWC.
It was probably the first rural debating society in Scotland and the prototype for many Burns Clubs the world over.
Since then Eicks castle is a two-piece system with a three-winged castle and a separate manor, all surrounded by a moat.
The castle was also known as Desning Castle at the time of building and occupation.
The site was formerly RAF Aldergrove a Royal Air Force station which was in operation between 1918 and 2009.
On the first day of the German invasion, 10 May 1940, a German train crashed into this spargel-obstruction.
It was built in the late 15th century by the Pomeroy family which had held the land since the 11th century.
Marlag und Milag Nord was a Second World War German prisoner-of-war camp complex for men of the British Merchant Navy and Royal Navy.
Ashley Range is a former World War II bombing range in the New Forest, Hampshire, England.
The Battle Creek VA Medical Center is located north of M-96 in northwest Calhoun County at 5500 Armstrong Rd., Battle Creek, Michigan 49037.
It is located on Ishigaki Island next to Miyara Bay.
Ombrone Airfield is an abandoned World War II military airfield in Italy, located approximately 5 km east-northeast of Grosseto, and about 150 km northwest of Rome.
Stanley Army Airfield is a former World War II airfield located on Oahu, Hawaii.
It is unknown precisely where the airfield was actually located due to the changed landscape over the past 60 years.
HQ 51st Troop Carrier Wing, 24 July-29 August 1943
Khagrachari Cantonment is a cantonment located in Khagrachari, Bangladesh.
HQ, 64th Fighter Wing, 1–18 March 1943
The Australian Army Band Sydney is located at Victoria Barracks.
The cavalier was restored as part of Malta's Millennium Project, and it is now a cultural centre known as Spazju Kreattiv.
21 Aircraft and Warning Squadron was renamed to No.
The majority of the Soviet prisoners were killed or starved to death.
Paranda Fort is situated in Paranda, a small town in osmanabad district in the state of Maharashtra,India.It is protected monument by Archaeological Survey Of India.
Ouvrage Coume Annexe Nord is a lesser work of the Maginot Line.
After 1323/1324, when it was recorded for the first time, it belonged to the Kingdom of Serbia, Serbian Empire, Moravian Serbia, Serbian Despotate and Ottoman Empire.
ACUs trained service personnel for operations in the war's Pacific theatre.
The expedition members were killed on a small island, called Massacre Island, Ontario, however historians have not been unable to reach consensus on its exact identity.
The airfield was abandoned after the war and today is almost totally returned to its natural state.
The Denel Overberg Test Range is a weapons systems testing facility in the Overberg region on the south coast of South Africa, near Arniston, Western Cape.
The CDP encompasses an area that stretches approximately 12 miles from Napeague, New York to the easternmost tip of New York State at Montauk Light.
By 1811 there were 20 or more 24-pounder guns in place.
The Third Training Regiment had 16 B-Ss and 32 BT-Ss at Pengshan airfield as late of 1986.
4th Tactical Reconnaissance Squadron 1 April 1941 – 27 October 1943
Fort Belvoir  is a United States Army installation and a census-designated place in Fairfax County, Virginia, United States.
Ramstein is located near the town of Ramstein-Miesenbach, in the rural district of Kaiserslautern.
The United States Naval Academy acquired Fort Severn and two other military bases from the United States Army on 19 October 1845.
Prisoners held in the camps were designated Disarmed Enemy Forces, not POWs.
One of the landmarks of the area is Building 1, also known as the clocktower building.
Lidgate Castle is a medieval motte and bailey castle in the village of Lidgate, Suffolk, England, built to an unusual quandrangular design.
The Tower and remains, however, were unrelated.
A licence for crenellation was granted in 1305, at which point the house is thought to have been re-styled as a castle.
Nagamori Castle was a castle built in Mino Province, Japan, by Tosanobō Shōshun, in 1185, and lasted from the Heian period to the early Sengoku period.
During the one-year anniversary celebration of the founding of Marietta, the physician Solomon Drowne said:
Brougham descended through several generations of Cliffords, intermittently serving as a residence.
Queen Charlotte's Battery is a 1727 artillery battery in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
The fort saw use during the Thirty Years' War and the Napoleonic Wars, and it was decommissioned in 1894.
The fort has small quarters and temples, is a protected monument under the Archaeological Survey of India.
However the other USAAF support commands; Air Transport Command or Troop Carrier Command) commanded a significant number of airfields in a support roles.
The Kurumbera Fort is situated in Gaganeshwar village, southeast of Keshiari, at about four kilometers from that town.
Firebase Khe Gio is a former U.S. Marines and Army of the Republic of Vietnam firebase west of Cam Lộ in central Vietnam.
In 1940 the Poles were joined by Belgian and French prisoners, and by Russians in 1941.
Straumnes Air Station is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station.
Today, no trace of the fort remains, though a small historical marker has been erected by the Arlington Historical Society.
In 1921 it became a weapons depot.
In 1957, a 141-meter tall television tower was constructed on a ridge of the hill.
These are in a remarkable state of preservation and are currently being investigated by a number of bodies.
324th Fighter Group, December 1942 - 2 February 1943, P-40 Warhawk
The Carnegies owned the property between the 15th-18th century.
As a result, all the de Lacy property was taken into the possession of the Crown.
The Commonwealth Parliament Offices, Sydney in Sydney, Australia are located at levels 19-21, 1 Bligh Street, Sydney.
Bletchingley Castle is a ruined castle and set of earthworks partly occupied by three buildings.
The airfield is located approximately 4 miles north west of Christchurch; about 90 miles southwest of London
Opened in 1944, it was used by both the Royal Air Force and United States Army Air Forces.
The Batticaloa Fort was built by the Portuguese in 1628 and was captured by the Dutch on 18 May 1638.
A permanent bastioned triangular fort was built between 1721 and 1723 to designs by Tardif and Nègre.
All accommodation was of wooden and metal temporary construction.
Today Tours Airdrome #1 airfield is Tours Val de Loire Airport.
The British refortified the town, and the trading post again became successful.
It was not until the 19th century, when Mary and Fulke Greville Howard inherited the property, that the castle was renovated and restored.
Ouvrage Téting is a lesser work of the Maginot Line.
It was commissioned on 1 February 1996.
A second phase of construction was planned to add nine more combat blocks and an anti-tank ditch, but was never executed.
These wooden barracks were originally used to house soldiers, but were converted into hospital wards.
Haut-Poirier is abandoned, although one of its satellite casemates is maintained as a museum.
The radar surveillance station was closed on 1 November 1983, and was re-designated as a Long Range Radar site as part of the Alaska Radar System.
Fort San Felipe is located within the 9-hectare Naval Base Cavite of the Philippine Navy and is not open to the public.
A renovation project in 1930 added 75mm guns in place of the 95mm weapons.
The lower half of the fortress is built with distinctively larger stones than its upper half.
The castle primarily of the 17th century, though with later additions.
There are no visible remains of the fort.
Some epigraphs from Ottoman era, which were found between the citadel walls, can be seen in Trabzon Museum.
Royal Air Force Sydenham or more simply RAF Sydenham is a former Royal Air Force station in Northern Ireland.
Other cuneiform inscriptions are typically off limits unless to large tour groups.
The camp was located at Waggum near Braunschweig in Germany, also known by the English name of Brunswick.
However two major operations in Florida were the School of Applied Tactics and the air Proving Grounds which tested and developed new capabilities.
Although the main forts were finished in 1908, many of the supporting fortifications were not completed until the start of the First World War.
It currently serves as a tourist attraction and venue for a variety of exhibitions.
It featured a double caponier on the point facing outward, and two flanking caponiers on the east and west sides.
The fort now houses the Verdala International School.
Soko Grad, also known as Sokolac, is a medieval city and fortress 2 km east of the spa town of Sokobanja, Serbia.
The position was used by the French Army in the defense of Briançon until 1940, when it was part of the Fortified Sector of the Dauphiné.
Fort Rucker is a U.S. Army post located mostly in Dale County, Alabama, United States.
It is located 2.9 miles northwest of Prince George, Virginia.
Fort Frank was one of the defense forts at the entrance to Manila Bay established by the United States.
It is located 2 miles west-southwest of Yoder, Kansas.
It lies to the north of the Brecon Beacons National Park on Mynydd Eppynt.
It is the next gros ouvrage in the line to the north of Ouvrage Sainte-Agnès, and is within firing range of the Mediterranean coastline.
Stalag Luft VI was a German prisoner-of-war camp during World War II located near the town of Heydekrug, Memelland.
CFS Chibougamau, or RCAF Station Chibougamau, housed the 10 Radar Squadron.
At the peak of the construction, 30 buildings were completed every day.
The airfield is located in an isolated low-lying swamp area.
Gondreville-sur-Moselle Aerodrome was a temporary World War I airfield in France.
Denklingen Castle is a historic building in the Denklingen district of Reichshof in the Oberbergischer Kreis of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Later that day a platoon of PAVN was seen moving nearby and naval gunfire was again called in, resulting in a further 2 PAVN killed.
Although at one point Schoenmakers had to flee for a time, he pretty much succeeded in keeping Osage Mission itself out of harm's way.
Washington was not abandoned during this disturbance.
Almost totally destroyed during World War II, the dockyard had to be rebuilt before it could resume operations.
It was part of a chain of batteries, redoubts and entrenchments encircling the French positions in Marsamxett and the Grand Harbour.
Unusually, it was built by the Main d'Oeuvre Militaire, rather than CORF, which built most of the larger positions.
The first site was at Farnborough Airfield in Hampshire to which was added a second site RAE Bedford in 1946.
43d Fighter Squadron, 6 April-29 August 1944
The airport is the global maintenance headquarters for American Airlines.
Most of the former RAF station is in the parish of Eastcotts, as is the settlement of Shortstown.
Inside, the courtyard faces a stone hall and solar block, protected by two stone towers.
Ziemeri Manor is a manor house in the historical region of Vidzeme, in northern Latvia.
In 2009, Andrews Air Force Base and Naval Air Facility Washington were merged to form Joint Base Andrews.
In August 1580, the Abbot Kōsa was persuaded to surrender, ending the 11-year-long siege.
The Leighton family inherited Wattlesborough in 1471 and used it as their chief residence until circa 1711.
RAF Upottery is a former World War II airfield in East Devon, England.
Today, the remains of the airfield are located on private property with the northern half being turned into a quarry.
Units can be deployed from McChord Field, and individuals and small groups can also use nearby Sea-Tac Airport.
Situated on the corner of Hampstead and Muller Roads, it is only a small suburban base, sitting on less than 24 acres of land.
The construction of Fort Plymouth began in summer 1856.
The name of the fortress and associated town came from these.
Archaeologists explored the remains during the 20th century, and it is now protected under UK law.
The fort is oblong in shape with semicircular bastions, a moat encircling it and three fortifications at different levels, built with cut stone blocks.
It is named after the nearest settlement, Pivan.
The castle is located 1.5 kilometers northeast of the village of Yıldırımtepe.
In July 1642, at the start of the Irish Confederate Wars, the castle was seized by Irish Confederate forces commanded by Garret Barry.
It is located 6.1 miles southwest of Gaston, North Carolina, near the closed Halifax County Airport.
Fedeau Battery was also known as Vendôme Battery, Ta' Kassisu Battery or Mellieħa Left Battery.
The six courtyards of this fortress with stacked stone walls make it a prime example of a gusuku.
It was in service from 1926 to 1963.
This strategic location makes the wing critical to operations in NATO's southern region.
This turret stretches right across the fort but underneath it on the southern side is an archway about four feet high by two broad.
Camp Buehring is named after Lieutenant Colonel Charles H. Buehring who was killed in Baghdad on October 26, 2003.
Hounslow was one of 40 new barracks established around London to guard against possible French invasion in the late 18th and early 19th centuries.
Its design follows those of Castel Sant'Angelo in Italy and São Lourenço do Bugio Fort in Portugal.
The King's Lines are a walled rock-cut trench on the lower slopes of the north-west face of the Rock of Gibraltar.
It was the only inland B-17 Flying Fortress training base east of the Mississippi River.
It was built to commemorate the establishment of the dynastic rule of the Bahmani kingdom at Gulbarga fort between 1327 and 1424.
The centre was the home of the Police National CBRN Centre until it moved to NPIA facilities at Ryton, Warwickshire.
Stalag IV-F was a German World War II prisoner-of-war camp in Hartmannsdorf bei Chemnitz, Saxony.
The ouvrage consists of one entry block, four artillery blocks and two observation blocks facing Italy.
Today, Framlingham Castle is managed by English Heritage and run as a tourist attraction.
SLNS Parakrama is a Sri Lanka Navy shore establishment sited on Flagstaff Street in Colombo, in close proximity to the Colombo Lighthouse.
Each angle had a bastion and there was a substantial barracks and two magazines.
The fort's position enabled it to guard the strategic point where the River Medway meets the Thames.
They consist of heraldry of the Burnett of Leys family, along with heraldry of relations and friends intermixed with biblical iconography.
Opened in the 1980s, it was part of the Reagan administration's Strategic Homeport program.
By 1933, however, its buildings had become dilapidated and Navy funds were not forthcoming for repairs.
Sheriff Hutton Castle is a quadrangular castle in the village of Sheriff Hutton, North Yorkshire, England.
Sverresborg or Sverre Sigurdsson's castle was a former fort built in the medieval city of Nidaros by Sverre Sigurdsson.
A sixth remained as an active Tactical Air Command then Air Combat Command fighter base until 1995.
Hawthornden Castle is located on the River North Esk in Midlothian, Scotland.
Antur Fort is a fort near chimnapur village in Kannad taluka In Aurangabad district of Maharashtra state of India.
2d Bombardment Group, 22–27 April 1943, B-17 Flying Fortress
The hamlet encompasses a small area about half way between the two points.
47th Bombardment Group, 6–30 March 1943, A-20 Havoc
After the Italian invasion of Egypt and the arrival of the German Luftwaffe in 1941, it was used by the Axis as a military airfield.
As per the Kakatiya inscription, Vithalanatha a commander of the army of a prince Gona Ganna Reddy built the inner tiers of the fort.
Moras Ferme Aerodrome, was a temporary World War I airfield in France.
It is still possible to find remnants of these wartime airfields.
It includes the former Baxter Detention Centre.
Baconsthorpe Castle is a fortified manor house, now a ruin, to the north of the village of Baconsthorpe, Norfolk, England.
The core fortress in particular was thoroughly excavated in the 20th century.
The Tartus facility can accommodate four medium-sized vessels only if both of its 100 m floating piers, inside of the northern breakwater, are operational.
William C. Quantrill befriended Stewart, although Stewart never completely trusted Quantrill.
It was originally a manor house built in Norman times, but because of its strategic importance it was crenellated in 1310 and became a castle.
Ehreshoven Castle is a moated castle in Engelskirchen, Oberbergischer Kreis, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
The Okinawa Prefectural government erected a stone Torii in front of one of the castle gates, along with a plaque describing it.
Fort Menagoueche was a French fort at the mouth of the St. John River, New Brunswick, Canada.
The 408th Fighter Group was activated at Klamath Falls Municipal Airport on 8 April 1956, being assigned to the 28th Air Division.
The site was subsequently obtained by the British Army.
The Fife Coastal Path passes the tower.
Ouvrage Col des Banquettes is a lesser work of the Maginot Line's Alpine extension, the Alpine Line, also called the "Little Maginot Line".
Union soldiers garrisoned the fort until its dismantling following the end of the Civil War in 1865.
Marines were sent straight from the bloodly Battle of Tarawa to the campsite, which they had to build themselves.
Camp Shorabak is an Afghan Ministry of Defense airbase located northwest of the city of Lashkar Gah in Helmand Province, Afghanistan.
Cambridge Castle, locally also known as Castle Mound, is located in Cambridge, Cambridgeshire, England.
Air Force Station Salua is an Indian Air Force Station located in West Midnapore District of West Bengal.
Initially, Japanese pilots caused regular damage to the runway as they attacked the field and the air assets placed on the island.
Earlier, the fort encompassed an area of 5 acres and was surrounded by sea on all four sides.
Built shortly after the Norman conquest of England by Richard Fitz Gilbert, the motte and bailey castle was later improved in stone.
Ebba Ksour Airfield is an abandoned World War II military airfield in Tunisia, located near El Ksour, in Kef province, approximately 150 km South-West of Tunis.
They occupy a natural ledge which overlooks the landward entrance to Gibraltar and were an extension to the north-east of the King's Lines.
Braunshardt Airfield is a former military airfield located in Germany about 1 mile east-southeast of Groß-Gerau into Worfelden district; approximately 275 miles southwest of Berlin.
Basaveshwara, in particular, fought against casteism and orthodoxy in Hinduism.
1 Flying Training School which used Ansons and Harvards.
The defence of different portions of fortifications was assigned to different Langue of Knights.
It was located 2.1 miles West-Northwest of Vaucouleurs, in the Meuse department of France, located approximately 300 km from Paris.
Until 1922 the property belonged to the Mohl family.
The airfield was one of thirty-two Air Service training camps established in 1918 after the United States entry into World War I.
The Tennessee Air National Guard is the air force militia of the State of Tennessee, United States of America.
Developer Miya Consulting plans to build 82 houses on the property.
The station partakes in many missions including Search and Rescue, Law enforcement and Marine safety.
It was located 4.3 miles ESE of Château-Thierry, in the Aisne department in Picardy in north-eastern France.
The bastion at the entrance is dilapidated.
Dating to Late Antiquity, the castle lay some 7.5 kilometres from the modern town of Karnobat.
Prior to the war, Fabbri was a licensed radio amateur with the U.S. Government issued call sign 1AJ.
As of 2016 it remains privately owned by the Baron of Cluny who has employed craftsmen to complete extensive renovations.
Natal Command was a Command of the South African Army.
It is located 12.1 miles west-northwest of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
It has a length of 3 kilometres along the north–south direction and a width of 1 kilometre.
It is located 5.3 miles north-northeast of South Charleston, West Virginia.
33d Fighter Group, 7 January-8 February 1943, P-40 Warhawk
Albany Barracks was a military installation on the Isle of Wight.
During the war it was used primarily as a bomber and fighter combat airfield.
Henry Wessels, the new post commander, arrived with more troops, increasing garrison to 160 men.
Toward the end of the 14th century, the barony was granted to John of Gaunt, Duke of Lancaster.
The Zegrze Fortress is a military structure located in Zegrze, Poland, on a high escarpment over the Narew River.
Hundreds of the temporary buildings that were used survive today, and are being used for other purposes.
After modest renovations in the 1950s, Mont des Welches was abandoned in the 1970s.
The full name of the station, according to the Namibian Ministry of Education, is China Telemetry, Tracking and Command Station.
Custer Air Force Station is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar and Direction Center station.
Its first vessel, the Neapolitan ship of the line Partenope, was completed three years later.
Sandsfoot saw service during the English Civil War, when it was held by Parliament and Royalists in turn during the conflict.
Some of the settlers who left returned in December 1856.
Kiltsi is a small borough in Väike-Maarja Parish, Lääne-Viru County, in northeastern Estonia.
In modern times, the fort is under the control of the Archaeological Department of the Government of Tamil Nadu.
At an elevation of 1,460 metres, Rocca Calascio is the highest fortress in the Apennines.
The airfield was built in 1917 in Ottoman Palestine by the German Luftstreitkräfte.
It was built by the British between 1888 and 1893.
The citadel is visited each month by more than 10,000 tourists.
Today, the airfield is a quiet place, hosting paintball fights and a Robert Bosch GmbH automobile testing centre and track.
It was operated as part of the Pinetree Line network controlled by NORAD.
Visapur Fort is a hill fort near Visapur village in Maharashtra, India.
The builder was Kempe Gowda I, a vassal of the Vijaynagar Empire and the founder of Bangalore, now Bengaluru.
The airfield site has been redeveloped and is now part of the urban area of the city.
As of the 2010 United States Census, the CDP population was 3,326.
The fort currently is not open to tourists as it is heavily damaged.
The 71st Airbase was founded on 1 June 2002, according to the Romanian Armed Forces reorganization program.
If activated to federal service, the Wing is gained by the United States Air Force Air Combat Command.
It is a Grade I listed building.
The Line Wall Curtain is a defensive curtain wall that forms part of the fortifications of the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
The Warner Robins Air Logistics Complex performs sustainment and depot maintenance on a number of US Air Force weapon systems.
The aerostat is northeast of Garden Canyon and supports the DEA drug interdiction mission by detecting low-flying aircraft attempting to enter the United States from Mexico.
Today the site is part of the Joint Surveillance System, designated by NORAD as Western Air Defense Sector Ground Equipment Facility J-82.
The remains of the fort are in the center of Utrecht, Netherlands, which takes its name from the fort.
The centre consists of a network of early warning radar stations which transmit their data to the control centre near Solnechnogorsk.
The second castle in Lydford was constructed in 1195 following a wave of law and order problems across England.
It is the home of the 139th Airlift Wing, Missouri Air National Guard and the Advanced Airlift Tactics Training Center.
Oflag X-D was a German World War II prisoner-of-war camp for officers located in Fischbek, a Stadtteil of Hamburg, Germany.
HMS Osprey and RNAS Portland remained operational until they closed in 1999.
It is not far from the northernmost point of the island, Reqqa Point, and as such it is the northernmost fortification in Malta.
The original castle was built in the 11th century after the Norman invasion of England by William the Conqueror.
Both sides accused the Army of favoring the opposing side.
In December 1861 a group of 120 men loyal to the Confederacy raided Potosi, basically pillaging most or all of its buildings.
Fort Wayne Air National Guard Station is a United States Air Force base, located at Fort Wayne International Airport, Indiana.
Matagorda Peninsula Army Airfield is a closed military airfield, located on Matagorda Island, Texas.
Moment has been installed somewhere in the Moscow Oblast, and is moveable.
Teočak Castle is a medieval castle located in Teočak, Bosnia and Herzegovina, on the Majevica mountain.
It is armed with three artillery blocks for 75mm guns and two machine gun blocks.
Cliffe Fort saw about 60 years of usage as an artillery fort, from its completion in 1870 to its disarmament in 1927.
However the other USAAF support commands; Air Transport Command or Troop Carrier Command) commanded a significant number of airfields in a support roles.
The forts were decommissioned in the late 1950s and later used for other activities including pirate radio broadcasting.
It was used to defend against the 1890 invasion by France, and in 1932 against the Japanese during the Cole attack.
After 1929 it housed the Jumurda primary school for many years.
It now houses the Naukšēni local history museum.
Fort Wright was constructed in 1861 and located on the second Chickasaw Bluff at Randolph, Tipton County, Tennessee.
18th Observation Squadron, 2 March 1942-23 March 1942
The Tennessee Air National Guard is headquartered at Berry Field Air National Guard Base, Nashville, and its commander is currently Brigadier General Donald L. Johnson.
It is part of the first fortified belt of forts of Metz and had its baptism of fire in late 1944, when Battle of Metz occurred.
It was built in the 15th century.
The fort is situated in the northern extremity of Vypeen island and is hexagonal in shape, a form popularly known as ayikkotta or alikotta.
Drachenbronn Air Base of the French Air Force is located in the community of Drachenbronn-Birlenbach in the Bas-Rhin département.
Only a few elements of the castle still remain visible in Southampton.
The Landport is a gate into the territory of Gibraltar.
Chambley-Bussières Air Base is a former United States Air Force base in France.
Royal Canadian Air Force Station Winisk was a military installation located in Winisk, Ontario.
Since 1840 it has been protected as a monument historique.
But the Belgian army wanted a new defenceline along the line Tilburg-Waalwijk and the Bergsche Maas.
The defence line starts at Grave, where a barrack complex was built as part of the Peel-Raam line.
The submarine was in the Sea of Okhotsk, near the Pacific Ocean, over 6,000 kilometres away.
Wright was used as a flying field; Fairfield Aviation General Supply Depot; armorers’ school, and a temporary storage depot.
It has been preserved and is part of a museum focusing on the Rhine section of the Maginot Line.
Rockville's post was one of the many posts established in the War to help guard the Kansas-Missouri border area.
Cary Castle stood on Lodge Hill overlooking the town of Castle Cary, Somerset, England.
12 Group, RAF Fighter Command in Nottinghamshire.
The facility boasts over fifty hangars and an extensive support infrastructure.
The site was SAGE compatible from day one.
Eric XIV in 1564 and Johan III in 1569 and 1570 both tried, but the attempts were unsuccessful and the castle remained in ruins.
In addition to the training program, the Camp had a communications tower that could send and transmit radio and telegraph communications, called Hydra.
Not far from this location in Ghak and Shvaghtapa are two Urartian cyclopean forts.
During World War II, the United States Army Air Forces established numerous airfields in Vermont for training pilots and aircrews of USAAF fighters and bombers.
Its primary purpose was to cover the main road to Luxembourg, just to the west.
It built its first steam-powered ship in the early 1840s.
The remit was to patrol the shipping lanes in the North Sea and the north east coast.
Mishelevka Radar Station is the site of three generations of Soviet and Russian early warning radars.
Located south of the village of Drabeši and north of the village of Āraiši, it is now commonly called the Āraiši Windmill.
The 4604th Support Group, Otis Air Force Base, Massachusetts was supported by nearby Pease Air Force Base.
Col. Joseph E. Johnston, Col. Edwin V. Sumner and Lieut.
Located in the Fortified Sector of Faulquemont, the ouvrage consists of three infantry blocks, and is located between petits ouvrages Kerfent and Einseling, facing Germany.
Most of the main runway and taxiways remain, along with numerous dispersal pads.
When the Americans pulled out, the airfield was dismantled by engineers.
When the 86th moved out the airfield was closed and dismantled.
When a French force went out after them, the sons of De Villiers and Repentigny were killed.
The tower was demolished in the late 19th century by the British military.
The Montalegre Castle is a Portuguese National monument in Montalegre, Vila Real.
The population was 8,901 at the 2000 census.
The fort has a palace, residence buildings, underground chamber and an underground passage that links Pettai with Kottai Medu.
Radars in this network were designated "SM."
Commissioned on December 1, 1942 the air station was originally supposed to be the home of the Marine Corps glider program.
The castle was burnt down by Cossacks on August 7, 1655 during the Russo-Polish War and fell in ruins.
It is one of five cantonments in Chittagong Hill Tracts area.
It was an annex of the Boston Navy Yard.
Berca Airfield is a former civil airport and military airfield, located in the Al Birkah suburb of Benghazi, Libya.
It recommended another cleanup, which was completed in 2000 at a cost of $108 million.
Fort Lyon was a timber and earthwork fortification constructed south of Alexandria, Virginia as part of the defenses of Washington, D.C. during the American Civil War.
The land where it was is still named as Ta' Balbani for the battery.
It was disbanded on 25 January 1919.
It is also used by other U.S. and NATO/Allied/Coalition flight crews while deployed to any of the aforementioned bases for training.
Zoca Flank Battery is an artillery battery on the west side of the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
It was the first new fortification built in what was then German territory after the invention of high explosives, which rendered earlier masonry fortifications obsolete.
It was replaced by a manor house, which was fortified with royal permission in the 13th century.
Currently the Royal Marechaussee has a brigade stationed on the base as well.
Close examination aerial photography of the hard desert about 10 miles west of Burdi shows some evidence of disturbance which could indicate where it existed.
The ouvrage was manned by 94 soldiers in 1940, under the command of Sub-Lieutenant Caillard.
It has two more gates at other sides, Tabakhane Kapısı and Kule Kapı.
During the 19th century, Calshot Castle was used by the coastguard as a base for combating smuggling.
Though Algernon Percy, 10th Earl of Northumberland, supported Parliament during the English Civil War, the castle was damaged during the conflict.
Harsh conditions, malnutrition, maltreatment and recurring typhoid epidemics led to many deaths among the prisoners.
Laling Qila is a small fort situated in the present day Dhule district of Maharashtra state in India.
As well as having a sufficiently long runway for a shuttle landing long), it also had NASA-trained fire and medical crews stationed on the airfield.
It occupies about 1,738 acres of land located along the Atlantic Ocean in the Town of Wellfleet, Massachusetts.
It is the remains of an early tower house built for the Livingstones of Little Airds.
The population was 4,452 at the 2010 census.
Bainbridge Air Base is a closed United States Air Force base.
In the 1950s a new training center was located inland and became the Pohakuloa Training Area.
Bijapur fort has a plethora of historical monuments of architectural importance built during the rule of Adil Shahi dynasty.
RAF West Ruislip was a Ministry of Defence site, located in Ickenham within the London Borough of Hillingdon.
Ezere Manor, also called Lielezere Manor, is a manor house in the historical region of Courland, in western Latvia near the border with Lithuania.
However the remainder of the airfield has been obliterated by agricultural use of the land.
Schloss Lauterbach is a stately house in the village of Lauterbach, part of the municipality of Bergkirchen, Bavaria, Germany.
Naval Activities, United Kingdom command, and the Navy's Morale, Welfare and Recreation Department.
It was operated as part of the Pinetree Line network controlled by NORAD.
The ouvrage and fort were accessed by an aerial tram built in 1908, which also connected to Fort du Replaton, located down the slope from Sapey.
JGSDF Camp Jinmachi is a military base of the Japan Ground Self-Defense Force, located in Higashine, Yamagata prefecture, Japan.
MoD Bicester is a large military storage and distribution centre just outside Bicester in Oxfordshire.
The original wooden motte-and-bailey castle was rebuilt in stone in the 12th century.
In the 18th century the Baldwyns rented the castle out for a range of agricultural and manufacturing purposes.
The new barracks stood between the existing Defensible Barracks and the sea, with its massive stone wall providing shelter for the accommodation casemates.
Shuri Castle is a Ryukyuan gusuku in Shuri, Okinawa.
In the hinterlands behind the border were more than a million North Atlantic Treaty Organisation and Warsaw Pact troops.
For the civil use of Brookley AFB after 1969, see: Mobile Downtown Airport
Today, the Church of Holm belongs to the Assembly of Lagunda in the Diocese of Uppsala.
Like the other French blockade fortifications, the battery was dismantled, possibly sometime after 1814.
The Alameda Works Shipyard, in Alameda, California, United States, was one of the largest and best equipped shipyards in the country.
The fort was partly destroyed in 1918.
In 1643, Lady Anne Clifford inherited the estates, including the castles of Brougham, Appleby and Brough, and set about restoring them.
Until 1994 the base also operated a Type 80 radar and a Sperry TPS-34 amongst others.
Today, it remains active as part of the Alaska NORAD Region under the jurisdiction of the 611th Air Support Group, Elmendorf AFB, Alaska.
The plan to tear down the facility and replace it was shelved when the economy collapsed in 2008.
On the 19 May 1998, following the end of apartheid, it was renamed again, getting the name Thaba Tshwane.
Victorian scholars examined the site, and it was opened to the public.
The castle is believed to be named after the Norman family of Cantilupe, thought to be its first feudal tenants.
1 Air Radio Officers School based at RCAF Station Clinton was established.
The Naval Aircraft Factory was established by the United States Navy in 1918 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Under budget cuts announced in October 2014 it will become an outstation of Nancy airbase.
Detainees organized and administered their own classes in subjects like literacy and religion, and competed in soccer matches.
An artillery battery was added a century later in 1715.
Parts of the former camp were uncovered during construction of the S7 Expressway.
It is one of the many Palmerston Forts built on the island to protect it in response to a perceived French invasion.
Güstrow Palace is a Renaissance-era palatial schloss in Güstrow, Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany, used as a museum and cultural centre.
Today, the fort is in good condition and is open to the public.
The facility is under the jurisdiction of the United States Air Force 502d Air Base Wing, Air Education and Training Command.
During the 15th century a tower house was known to be constructed upon the site.
It was named in honor of Brigadier General William S. Harney.
Unlike other Dutch forts in Sri Lanka, there are no maps and little information on the fort.
Wolf's Lair was Adolf Hitler's first Eastern Front military headquarters in World War II.
The entry block and an artillery block were not completed, and a further block was never built.
It was built before 1760 in late Baroque style.
Foreign nationals must have obtained a special permit from the Hellenic Army General Staff.
Royal Air Force Membury or more simply RAF Membury is a former Royal Air Force station built in the civil parish of Lambourn in Berkshire, England.
It is now the site of Fancy's Family Farm.
That physician, the last surviving member of the Tracer team, died in 2010.
The runway was 7,800 feet in length, 300 feet wide, and aligned 13/31.
In the 21st century, Loughor Castle is controlled by the Welsh heritage agency Cadw and operated as a tourist attraction.
It is located 4.6 miles south-southwest of Keno, Oregon.
Severely damaged by fire in 1905, it was restored in 1909.
It was opened in October 1931 as Yeadon Aerodrome, and is still often referred to as Yeadon Airport by locals.
68th Tactical Reconnaissance Group, November 1943-April 1944,
David Bell, was reduced to thirty men.
The airfield was a satellite station of RAF Wittering and used by the Enemy Aircraft Flight during the Second World War.
Most of these airfields were under the command of First Air Force or the Army Air Forces Training Command.
Firebase Berchtesgaden was a U.S. Army firebase located west of Huế overlooking the A Shau Valley in central Vietnam.
Burnouf's reading of the Van trilingual inscription had made a significant contribution to the deciphering of Old Persian cuneiform.
It was closed in 1946 after two years of being utilized as a storage area for the Royal Navy.
It is over 40 km away from the actual village of Pembridge.
It was named after the local town of Rheindahlen, part of the city of Monchengladbach.
The main cantonment of Fort Hood had a total population of 53,416 as of the 2010 U.S. Census.
Following the capture of Tucson in May the construction of the post ceased, and was abandoned, except as a post for vedettes and express riders.
Antil Plains Aerodrome was an aerodrome located 19.38 kilometres south of Townsville, Queensland, Australia near Antill Plains.
The 97th moved out in mid August 1943 and after that the airfield was largely abandoned.
It was built between 1881 and 1884 according to the plans of General Henri Alexis Brialmont.
Today, the bunker is preserved as part of a privately owned museum that presents the history of the site and the German V-weapons programme.
It is now used as a test site for aircraft engines and is not accessible to the public.
It was adapted for use as an Indian school on the Fort McDermitt Indian Reservation.
Lochnaw Castle shows four periods of construction - a simple 16th-century keep, 17th- and 18th-century domestic dwellings, and a mansion-house, which was later demolished.
Basmo was also in the path of invading Swedish troops during Charles XII’s second unsuccessful invasion in 1718.
The laird's house and farm were demolished in the 1960s.
The town was built on a steep height at 1,136 metres above sea level.
Fort Louvois only saw action towards the end of World War II when bombardment greatly damaged the fort, necessitating later restoration.
The most of the city walls are still standing and are among the city's oldest buildings.
Some of the installations were huge concrete fortifications.
It is said that Humayun had camped at this fort for three days before launching his successful attack for recapturing Delhi.
The architect Michele Cachia had a leading role in the construction of the batteries.
It is now owned by the commune of Danjoutin and is open to the public by appointment.
Around this a permanent stockade was erected in May and June 1864.
Prince George's Battery is an artillery battery in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
Velika Kladuša Castle is a castle in Velika Kladuša, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Shornemead Fort was in use from its completion in 1870 to its abandonment in the 1950s.
The inscription survives in near perfect condition and is divided into three columns of 27 lines written in Old Persian, Babylonian, and Elamite.
The ouvrage consists of two infantry blocks and one observation block.
Built in the 1870s with Neo-Gothic features by architect T. Seiler, it suffered extensive fire damage as a result of the 1905 Russian revolution.
During King William's War, a raiding party of French and Native allies destroyed the English settlement and massacred its inhabitants in the Battle of Fort Loyal.
Used primarily for training purposes, MCB Quantico is known as the "Crossroads of the Marine Corps".
From this location, one could see for many miles in all directions.
Dean Castle is situated in the Dean Castle Country Park in Kilmarnock, East Ayrshire, Scotland.
The camp was closed at the end of 2013 and all assets were transferred to a new JFIG Pathfinder building at RAF Wyton.
Even though the camp housed civilians, it continued to be operated by the German Army.
The fort was rebuilt a final time in 1775 for the American Revolution.
Ussher Fort is a fort in Accra, Ghana.
Today the castle is run as a tourist attraction, with the grounds housing the "Firing Line" regimental museum and interpretation centre.
It is a training unit of the French Army, under the French Army Training Command.
The castle has served as a stronghold for the Kirkpatrick and Carlyle families.
Maizeret was upgraded in the 1930s to become part of the fortified position of Namur in an attempt to forestall or slow an attack from Germany.
The castle ruins are Grade I listed as at 19 November 1953.
Built in 1820, it was reconstructed in the second half of the 19th century in Neo-Gothic style.
The Menikkadawara fort lost its strategic role, once the Dutch secured control of Ceylon.
On 18 January 2016, the British Ministry of Defence announced that the site is to be sold.
It was a Z-plan tower house, and was altered and extended in the 18th and 19th centuries.
The height of the surviving walls is 10 metres.
It is located 0.2 miles north-northeast of Wadena, Minnesota.
Jägala Army Base is a disused military base of the Estonian Defence Forces in Jägala village in Jõelähtme Parish, Harju County, Estonia.
Like the other French blockade fortifications, Marsa Battery was dismantled, possibly sometime after 1814.
Rebuilt after the war as a joint civil/military airfield, the primary use of the base was to support Supreme Headquarters Allied Powers Europe at Rocquencourt.
The park was awarded a Green Flag in 2012 in recognition of it being a quality greenspace.
The rest has been incorporated into the Deschutes National Forest.
Its primary missions include search and rescue and law enforcement.
The Redstone Arsenal CDP had a population of 1,946 as of the 2010 census.
Tayport Castle, was a Z plan castle that was located near Tayport, Fife, Scotland.
United States Coast Guard Station Panama City is a United States Coast Guard station located on Naval Support Activity Panama City in Panama City, Florida.
Other families settled across the river from the fort in an area which was called Munnomonee, because of the Menominee native people that lived there.
As of June 2011, a group of entrepreneurial Iraqis and Americans are re-building Camp Bucca as Basra Gateway, a logistic center.
The base is home to the 711st, 712nd Fighter squadrons, operating MiG-21 LanceRs and to the 713rd, 714th Helicopter squadrons, operating IAR-330s.
Ribnica is an Ottoman fortress, located in the Stara Varoš neighborhood of Podgorica, the capital city of Montenegro.
The castle, around which the modern town has developed, was encircled by a wooden fence and a deep moat.
It was part of a chain of batteries, redoubts and entrenchments encircling the French positions in Marsamxett and the Grand Harbour.
The battery still exists, although it is in a dilapidated state with part of it having collapsed.
It is located 1.1 miles south-southeast of Gibbsboro, in Camden County, New Jersey, United States.
By 1940 the entrance block remained uncompleted.
There are houses in the castle, made of brick and shards of marble.
Most of these airfields were under the command of Third Air Force or the Army Air Forces Training Command.
After its capture, it was used by the United States Army Air Force Twelfth Air Force.
Subsequent kings granted the castle to their chancellors.
Sandown Fort is a fort built in Sandown on the Isle of Wight in the middle of Sandown Bay.
Relations with the plains Indians were bad.
1 Radar and Communications School that was based in nearby RCAF Station Clinton.
Charlotte Douglas International Airport is a joint civil-military public international airport located in Charlotte, North Carolina, United States.
It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
In 1806 Flagstaff Fort was demolished and Fort Tompkins was built on the site, reportedly enclosing the 1663 blockhouse with red sandstone.
Extensive flooding of the IJssel floodplains and the surrounding areas was intended as a substantial barrier between Nijmegen and Kampen.
In 1995, negotiations to end the Bosnian War were held at the base, resulting in the Dayton Agreement that ended the war.
In 1340, when Lviv was captured by Casimir III of Poland the wooden castle was put under fire.
It was even feared Paola's post, which had considerable military stores, would be left defenseless.
The Montauk Point Light was the first lighthouse in New York state and is the fourth oldest active lighthouse in the United States.
Vandalized during the Revolution of 1905, the manor was restored in 1907.
It is surrounded by a large number of smaller hills separated by gently sloping valleys.
It is currently used as a museum and a military archives building.
In 1942, the airport was selected as a site for a Naval Air Station.
Apart from fortifications, the complex also included barracks at Beniaminów, Zagroby and Zegrze, seven munitions depots and a garrison church.
The citadel became famous as the stronghold from which Rashid ad-Din Sinan, known as the Old Man of the Mountains ruled.
Since 1989, it has been listed as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture.
The initial motte and bailey castle was attacked and destroyed by the Scots in 1174 during the Great Revolt against Henry II.
The Dutch captured the fort in 1661 and sold it to the Kingdom of Travancore in 1789.
After the declassification of LS 85 and a reevaluation of his actions, Etchberger was awarded the Medal of Honor in 2010.
The fort was built by the British as part of a buffer against Spanish Florida and the colonies to the north.
In 1959 it became an air traffic control radar station, and finally closed on 27 September 1974.
The Fort de Marchovelette is one of nine forts built as part of the fortifications of Namur in the late 19th century in Belgium.
The fortress and town were partially reconstructed in the 1960s and 1970s, using some of the original stonework, which provided jobs for unemployed coal miners.
It consists of one PAVE PAWS radar station and is in continuous operation.
St Andrew's comprised a keep and a gun platform, protected by a moat.
It is the oldest castle on Okinawa; Chūzan Seikan says it was built by Amamikyu, the creation goddess of the Ryukyuan religion.
The Director of Naval Intelligence ordered that the provisions in the complex be distributed and the cave sealed.
The ouvrage was built between 1930 and 1935, and was equipped from 1935 to 1937.
Fort Kosmač was the southernmost fortress in the Austro-Hungarian Empire, guarding the southern extremity of the border between the empire and Montenegro.
Today the airfield's precise location is undetermined, as agricultural fields have obliterated its existence.
Ouvrage Métrich located in the village of Kœnigsmacker in Moselle, comprises part of the Elzange portion of the Fortified Sector of Thionville of the Maginot Line.
It has been listed as a national monument since 1910.
The remaining castle was restored between 1975 and 1979 by Peter and Barbara McGregor, who turned the keep into a private residence.
The airfield was abandoned after the war and today is almost totally returned to its natural state.
It is one of four surviving coastal watchtowers on Gozo, with the others being Xlendi Tower, Dwejra Tower, and Isopu Tower.
It was captured by Coalition forces during the 2003 invasion of Iraq.
Detachments from Camp Cooke guarded major transportation routes in Southwestern Montana, including the roads between Fort Benton and Helena.
Henderson Field on East Midway Island is a former World War II airfield in the Central Pacific.
Fort Benning supports more than 120,000 active-duty military, family members, reserve component soldiers, retirees, and civilian employees on a daily basis.
North of the railway was RAF Blenheim Crescent, which housed the RAF Records Office and the depot's original personnel accommodation.
It was also used as a garrison to keep the enslaved and working classes of St. Mary under control.
The fort was located in what is now west-central Manitoba, Canada, just east of that province's border with Saskatchewan.
Fallskärmsjägarskolan and Särskilda Skyddsgruppen are also housed in the fortress.
Eliott's Battery was an artillery battery in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
Turtle Bay Airfield or Fighter Field #1 is a former World War II airfield on the island of Espiritu Santo in the New Hebrides Islands.
It was overrun by the Imperial Japanese Army during the Battle of the Philippines.
The fort is now abandoned on private property.
It is built from Penrith red sandstone and is still partially standing.
It is about 140 km west of Tripoli near the Tunisian border.
The fort is located in Reichstett, a village situated 10 minutes north of Strasbourg and belonging to the Urban Community of Strasbourg.
Qalet Marku Battery, also known as D'Orbeau Battery, was an artillery battery in Baħar iċ-Ċagħaq, limits of Naxxar, Malta.
Parts of the fort were subsequently demolished, and what remains has become part of Fort Victoria Country Park.
Blechhammer synthetic oil production began April 1 with 4000 prisoners.
Fort Lowell was a United States Army post active from 1873 to 1891 on the outskirts of Tucson, Arizona.
The most substantial remains are the West Walls, on the western side of the city.
Rogers Airfield is a former World War II airfield near Redscar Bay, Papua New Guinea.
The airfield was built as a satellite airfield of RAF West Raynham in 1940.
It is named in honor of General Muir S. Fairchild.
Steynewood Battery is a battery located between Bembridge and Whitecliff Bay on the Isle of Wight.
No accounts concerning the architecture of Vytautas' castle have survived.
It was completely destroyed with the arrival of Slavs in the 6th century.
York Castle continued to be garrisoned until 1684, when an explosion destroyed the interior of Clifford's Tower.
It was captured by Dutch in 1665, who constructed a wooden fort but abandoned it within a few years.
Continental Divide Air Force Station is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station.
The base consisted of 84 residences, 2 office buildings, a swimming pool, bowling alley, baseball diamond, infirmary, church, and a school.
By Walter's death in 1449, the substantial castle was richly appointed and its chapel decorated with murals.
The entire block on which the fort stood was fortified.
During the 19th century the ruins became the refuge of groups of bandits which the Austrian gendarmerie was unable to dislodge.
The base is close to other major cities in the area including Al-Thuqbah, Khobar, and Dammam.
Col. Pierre St. George Cooke referred to the fort as a "small fort of rough dry wall."
Aberdeen Castle was a late Middle Ages fortification, in Aberdeen, Scotland.
In the upper bailey is an Armenian chapel with its apse and north wall preserved.
Two-thirds of those incarcerated were United States citizens.
The prison was located in the small Alabama town of Cahaba, at the confluence of the Alabama and Cahaba rivers, not far from Selma.
This project was never realized due to a lack of credits.
Later forts, such as Jeanne d'Arc, embodied innovative design concepts such as dispersal and concealment.
It was closed in June 1979 by the Air Force, and turned over to the Federal Aviation Administration.
Primary targets from Hergla were in Sicily and mainland Italy.
Late leader Kim Jong-il visited the control center with Kim Jong-un in 2009 before the launch of the Kwangmyongsong-2 satellite.
No evidence exists of any occupation in the 18th century or later.
After the United States' entry into World War I in April 1917, General John J.
The 138th Fighter Wing of the Oklahoma Air National Guard is based at the co-located Tulsa Air National Guard Base.
The fort's military career ended when it was sold off after the war to the owners of a neighbouring aggregates works.
St Patrick's Barracks was a military installation in Ballymena.
More recently the station has become the hub of British military flying operations in the London area.
The majority of these airfields were located in rural farmland, near small farming towns.
It is located 16 miles north of Republic, Washington.
It was located at the end of Calshot Spit in Southampton Water, Hampshire, England, at grid reference SU487024.
The eight bastions of the fortress were originally named after the Venetian provveditori.
It was used during the Battle of New Guinea as a base of Allied air operations primarily in 1942 and early 1943.
Today, the base is the only airfield on the island, operated by the Japan Self-Defense Forces.
Historians Oliver Creighton and Robert Higham describe the defences as "one of the most impressive walled circuits" in Europe.
After the British defeat at the Battle of Plattsburgh, two additional forts were added near Forts Brown, Moreau, and Scott.
These later forts were designed to support offensive operations, as an anchor for a pivoting move by German forces into France.
Collins Barracks is a military barracks on the Old Youghal Road on the north side of Cork in Ireland.
Basavakalyana fort, earlier known as Kalyana fort, is located in Bidar district in the Indian state of Karnataka.
Fort Bunker Hill was a brick and earthenwork fortification built as part of the defenses of Washington, D.C. during the American Civil War.
It is located on the territory of the commune of Meyronnes.
Pandavgad Fort), 4177 feet above sea level, lies four miles north-west of Wai.
The county airport, Sawyer International, now occupies a portion of the base and has scheduled airline flights and some general aviation activity.
Krampnitz Kaserne was a military complex, in Fahrland, Potsdam, created by the Germans during the rearmament period.
The facilities were shut down in December 1994, when the 5.
Owned by numerous noble families, of which the most important was the Lodron, it was later transformed into an Austrian-Hungarian fortress in World War I.
The foundation has already unearthed the main entrance and other areas.
The post was one of many Union posts established in eastern Kansas to guard against Confederate guerrilla attack.
The Castillo de San Felipe de Lara is a Spanish colonial fort at the entrance to Lake Izabal in eastern Guatemala.
The treaty had a purpose of get rid of the Portuguese from the country.
The ouvrage consists of one and two infantry blocks at an altitude of 728 metres.
Royal Air Force station Shipdham or more simply RAF Shipdham is a former Royal Air Force station located 3 miles south of Dereham, Norfolk, England.
Charlemont Fort was a garrison situated in Charlemont, County Armagh.
During the 1950s, the mushroom clouds from the 100 atmospheric tests could be seen for almost 100 mi.
Following the Castle Bravo accident, the U.S. paid $15.3 million to Japan.
During the 17th century it was the seat of the chiefs of Clan MacDonald of Sleat.
It served as an annex to the Hingham Naval Ammunition Depot.
The facilities were approximately 2 miles apart with each occupying a 3,000 x 5,000 ft area in open country.
In anticipation of a French invasion during the first quarter of the 14th century, Edward II spent £1,100 repairing and reinforcing Portchester Castle.
Ouvrage Bois- Karre is located in the Fortified Sector of Thionville of the Maginot Line, facing the France - Luxembourg border.
The base was later used by the United States Navy.
On August 1, 1846, a Mormon Battalion, led by Col. James Allen, arrived at Fort Leavenworth.
The ouvrage consists of two entry blocks and one infantry block, sited to control the valley of the Nieya and to observe for l'Agaisen.
The Nevada Test Site contains 28 areas, 1,100 buildings, 400 miles of paved roads, 300 miles of unpaved roads, ten heliports, and two airstrips.
It is located 7.3 miles east-northeast of Rochester, Minnesota.
Located in Modane, France, it is just across the valley of the Arc from Ouvrage Saint-Antoine and somewhat to the east of Ouvrage Sapey.
It opened in 1985 during the creation of the Strategic Homeport program under the administration of President Ronald Reagan.
Today, the tower and battery are a restaurant.
It is part of the Fairbanks, Alaska Metropolitan Statistical Area.
INS Kattabomman is the designation of the VLF-transmission facility of the Indian Navy situated at Vijayanarayanam near Tirunelveli in Tamil Nadu.
The nearby located Jäders kyrka was built by Oxenstierna at the same time, and can through its grandeur indicate what might have been.
Achstetten Castle is a classicist mansion in the southern German municipality of Achstetten in Upper Swabia.
It was built by the Order of Saint John in 1714–1716 as one of a series of coastal fortifications around the coasts of the Maltese Islands.
It was completed in 1658 as the second of the De Redin towers.
It was constructed by the Dutch in 1765, and was originally called Redoute Van Eck.
Today, there are no remaining traces of the airfield as the area as the land has been reclaimed by agriculture.
Brookley Air Force Base is a former United States Air Force base located in Mobile, Alabama.
Robert of Mortain, William the Conqueror's half brother, was probably responsible for managing its construction, after which he became the castle's owner.
It is no longer in use as such, but remains in a military restriction zone.
At the start of years of the Anarchy the castle was controlled by the powerful Miles de Gloucester.
It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 16 April 2010.
Sandersdorf Castle is a castle, or stately house, in the village of Sandersdorf in Altmannstein, to the northeast of Ingolstadt, Bavaria, Germany.
It was built in the early 16th century, and is a category A listed building.
The AC-130W is assigned to the 73rd Special Operations Squadron, with all twelve becoming operational in 2010.
Although it was 440 feet above sea level, it proved vulnerable to Spanish bombardment and its guns were dismounted by enemy fire.
The building has changed its owners and functions several times.
The airfield was located near the village of Lucanin, south Lamao in Bataan Province.
It is located 8.2 miles southwest of Tierra Amarilla, New Mexico.
The 92d Air Refueling Wing is commanded by Colonel Charles "Brian" McDaniel.
The airbase was served by a 9,800 foot long runway, and there were two parallel taxiways that could be used as emergency landing strips.
The Quabbin Reservoir Precision Bombing and Gunnery Range was a former Army Air Force and later United States Air Force bomb and gunnery range.
Through surveys conducted in 1940 and 1941, the USAAF found Nebraska ideal for training purposes.
The two batteries were used for signalling and drill purposes.
It was the home of the 27th Fighter Group from 26 December 1942 until mid-January 1943, which flew A-20 Havoc light bombers.
A reconstruction of the northeast corner of the fort was completed in 2007 following an archaeological excavation that located the fort's northeast tower.
The fortifications contain a sacred pond known as Aanaikulam.
On 29 July 1848, the then British Governor, Viscount Torrington, declared martial law over the area.
In 2004, the site became a scheduled monument.
It is the primary engineering training establishment for the Royal Navy.
Bratislava fortifications usually refers to the medieval city fortifications of Bratislava, the capital of Slovakia, of which one gate and two sections of walls remain today.
It was located near the confluence of the Eel River and Saint John River in New Brunswick, four miles upriver from present-day Meductic, New Brunswick.
After 1922, the castle passed into the guardianship of the Ministry of Works, and archaeological excavations were carried out in 1954.
Its only parallel is the castle of Krak des Chevaliers in Syria.
It was built at a height of 800 feet and protected by a 80 feet wide moat.
In July 2010, a fire destroyed the boat house as well as damaged other buildings and the dock at the station.
The fort was not a major structure and its status as a fort is questionable given that it consists mainly of earth ramparts.
The ouvrage is closed and locked and in a good state of repair, although covered by vegetation.
By the mid-1740s Louisbourg was one of the most extensive European fortifications constructed in North America.
Fort Chaffee Maneuver Training Center is an Army National Guard installation in western Arkansas, adjacent to the city of Fort Smith.
With permission of the owner, visitors can tour the strip.
It was captured by U.S. forces during the 2003 invasion of Iraq.
Cecily Hill Barracks is a former military installation in Cirencester in Gloucestershire.
Riverbank Army Ammunition Plant is located just outside Riverbank, California, in Stanislaus County.
The Château de Trévarez is a stately home in the commune of Saint-Goazec in Finistère, in Brittany, France.
RAF West Kirby was a Royal Air Force basic training camp near West Kirby, Merseyside, England.
It was built in the late medieval or early Hospitaller period, and it is one of the oldest surviving towers in Malta.
The building has housed the Snēpele primary school since 1924.
No traces of the battery can be seen today.
Raglan Castle is a late medieval castle located just north of the village of Raglan in the county of Monmouthshire in south east Wales.
The appearance from the fort of the plain in the north is most formidable.
Puikule Manor is a manor house in the historical region of Vidzeme, in northern Latvia.
Wadena Air Force Station is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station.
Santa Rosa de la Eminencia castle is a colonial castle built in the seventeenth century by the Spanish monarchy in La Asunción, Venezuela.
Stalag IV-D was a German World War II prisoner-of-war camp located in the town of Torgau, Saxony, about 50 km north-east of Leipzig.
It was named after the Governor of Gibraltar, General Sir Richard Airey.
Cape Romanzof Air Force Station is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station.
The station was built as a result of an agreement signed in October 2000 between the Namibian and Chinese governments.
There are panels dated 1577 over the courtyard doorway.
These outposts commanded a strategic position on the Wabash River.
Granges Communes is located about four kilometers northeast of Ouvrage Restefond on the Col de Raspaillon at an altitude of 2,525 metres.
It was fully demilitarised by the 1980s.
Hundreds of the temporary buildings that were used survive today, and are being used for other purposes.
It consists of the main technical site, and a number of remote, and sometimes unmanned sites.
It is located 2.1 miles northeast of Smyrna, Georgia.
Historian William E. Connelley drew a map in the 1920s that located the fort on the north side of the Wakarusa River, at Blue Jacket's Crossing.
The Monte Sant'Angelo Castle is a castle in the Apulian city of Monte Sant'Angelo, Italy.
It is the largest such fortification open to the public in Alsace.
The airfield is located near the village of Upottery, approximately 6 miles north-northeast of the town of Honiton.
It is located near Youngstown, New York, on the eastern bank of the Niagara River at its mouth, on Lake Ontario.
A gatehouse stood to the south east, with a hollow way leading from it towards the parish church.
Droog Fort is a historic fort located 15 kilometres from Coonoor, The Nilgiris, Tamil Nadu.
Troops were sent to Lawrence, Topeka, Lecompton and various more rural locations while the camp existed.
It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
Fort Tillinghast stood about 0.6 miles away from Arlington House, the Union-occupied estate of Confederate General Robert E. Lee.
The Alcázar of Segovia is a castle, located in Segovia, Spain, a World Heritage Site.
Situated on a slight rise 3.5 miles southwest of Banff, it looks across to Banff Bay.
Major General Johan Caspar von Cicignon developed the plans.
It was built by Germany next to the town of Illange in the early 20th century after the annexation of the Moselle following the Franco-Prussian War.
It was commissioned on 15 February 1945 as HMIS Shivaji.
The host unit for Davis–Monthan AFB is the 355th Fighter Wing assigned to Twelfth Air Force, part of Air Combat Command.
Fort Bowie was a 19th-century outpost of the United States Army located in southeastern Arizona near the present day town of Willcox, Arizona.
Thomson Airways is seasonally based at the airport.
The station is part of the Chinese Tracking, Telemetry, Command and Communications System which uses S band communications.
No traces of the batteries can be seen today.
Yeniseysk-15 was the site of a disputed Soviet phased array radar near Yeniseysk in Krasnoyarsk Krai, Siberia.
The station closed in the early part of the 1960s and has been mostly dismantled and returned to agricultural uses
The lower lines consist of two lines of excavations, one above the other, communicating by subterranean passages and stairs.
The Joint Intelligence Training Group is the location of the headquarters of both the Defence College of Intelligence and the British Army Intelligence Corps.
Southampton Castle was located in the town of Southampton in Hampshire, England.
Muñiz Air National Guard Base is the home base for the Puerto Rico Air National Guard.
The preserved «Spaskaya tower» of Syzran Kremlin is the embodiment of old Russian architecture.
Today, the remains of the field are visible in aerial photography, with much of the runways, taxiways and dispersal pads in evidence.
Henry Percy, 1st Earl of Northumberland, added the imposing keep overlooking the village of Warkworth in the late 14th century.
The casemate with the marks of the 1945 combat has been preserved and is part of a museum associated with the nearby Ouvrage Schoenenbourg.
Vorotnaberd is an important fortress along a ridge overlooking the Vorotan gorge, between the villages of Vaghatin and Vorotan in the Syunik Province of Armenia.
The fortifications were modified over the years, with the last major addition being the Real Cittadella, which was built in the 1680s.
Royal Canadian Air Force Station Yorkton was a Long Range Radar and Ground Air Transmitter Receiver facility of the Pinetree Line.
Renamed RAF Stanbridge after the war, the station continued to be the hub of the RAF's communication network.
It is the only surviving tour-reduit in Malta.
Signal Hill Battery or Signal Battery was an artillery battery in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
The area is generally flat but the castle is sited on the highest ground and can be seen for a considerable distance.
The site was chosen for its good wireless reception, proximity to the existing GPO trunk telephone network, and lack of other apparent military significance.
The castle was built in 1800–04 by Croatian count Antun Pejačević and his son Antun on the site of a previous fortress from the Middle Ages.
In 1451 the Ottomans razed it to the ground.
A log cabin was built as the headquarters of the town company and this became known as the Washington Company House.
It is one of only two surviving batteries on Gozo, the other one being Qolla l-Bajda Battery in Żebbuġ.
It is mentioned in the chronicles of Alp Arslan in 1064.
The Company House was to have various uses.
The Erbil Citadel, locally called Qalat is a tell or occupied mound, and the historical city centre of Erbil in the Kurdistan Region of Iraq.
The ouvrage was fully equipped and operational in August 1937.
The castle was enlarged in the early thirteenth century, but later fell into ruin.
The first head of congregation working in the newly built church was the Rector Andreas Hackzelius, who also headed the congregation of Kulla close by.
It is under the jurisdiction of the 30th Space Wing, Air Force Space Command.
It is a polygonal fort and was built by the British from 1882 to 1886.
Baker AFS was initially part of Phase II of the Air Defense Command Mobile Radar program.
The western of the two casemates, Turm West is two storeys deep, while the eastern casemate, Turm East, is three storeys deep.
Following local riots and a parliamentary investigation in the 1830s, reforms in the 19th century brought an end to the castle's use as a prison.
It is now the location of Swansea Airport.
Udgir Fort in the Udgir city in Latur district, Maharashtra of India is a fort built in pre-Bahamani age, dating from the twelfth century CE.
Bandarban Cantonment is a cantonment located in Bandarban.
It functioned as a departure area for about a million U.S. and Allied soldiers and prisoner-of-war camp during World War II.
Since 1960, it has been the Lakeland Linder Regional Airport.
Monkcastle, sometimes known as Old Monkcastle formed a small estate in the Parish of Kilwinning, North Ayrshire lying between Kilwinning and Dalry on the A737.
The commander of the 14 FTW is Colonel Douglas C. Gosney.
Manauli Fort is located in the Manauli village of Mohali district, Punjab, India.
The Air Force closed its facilities at Van Nuys in 1990.
Camp Lawrence J. Hearn was a United States Army facility formerly located in Palm City, San Diego, California.
Today all that remains is the outer shell of the manor house and the gable ends of the barn.
It is open to the public without charge at all reasonable times.
Corra Castle is a ruined 16th-century castle within the Corehouse Estate near New Lanark, Scotland.
Sa Huỳnh Base is a former U.S. Navy, U.S. Army and Army of the Republic of Vietnam in southern Quảng Ngãi Province in south-central Vietnam.
Stalag VIII-E was a German World War II prisoner-of-war camp located next to the village of Neuhammer, Silesia.
However the other USAAF support commands; Air Transport Command or Troop Carrier Command) commanded a significant number of airfields in a support roles.
Next to it on the south is a small pond evenly cut and lined with mortar used for storing water.
It suffered severe fire damage during the 1905 Russian revolution, but was repaired prior to World War I.
Pierre-Paul Marin became the leader of a French force against the Meskwaki and Sauks.
Completed in 1815, it was in the immediate vicinity of the North West Company establishment, Fort Gibraltar.
Like the other French blockade fortifications, St. Peter's Battery was dismantled, possibly sometime after 1814.
The Fort Devens-Sudbury Training Annex was a former annex of Fort Devens that was operational from 1942 to the 1990s.
The base has a total economic impact of nearly $310 million yearly on the local community.
Many of the later barns and homes used lumber and materials from the abandoned army camp.
The airfield has been abandoned since 1945.
It specifically controlled the Col de l'Echelle, the Col des Thures and the Col des Acles.
This would leave the bombers and their crews unprotected on lengthy flights over enemy territory.
NAS Whiting Field is home to Training Air Wing Five.
Fort Trašte is a fortification built by the Austro-Hungarian Empire near Tivat in Montenegro.
The ruins are grade II listed and the site is a scheduled monument.
It is today owned by the State of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern and, following a renovation in 2009–15, open to the public.
Camp Mills was one of three camps under control of the New York Port of Embarkation with a capacity for 40,000 transient troops.
The spaceport was built on the site of the village Pongdong-ri which was displaced during construction.
Christiansholm Fortress was a Norwegian fortress built to defend the city of Kristiansand.
The Fort d'Uxegney, or Fort Roussel, is part of the fortifications of Épinal.
Fort Espérance was a North West Company trading post near Rocanville, Saskatchewan from 1787 until 1819.
The restoration of the 1880s replaced the timber roofs and internal floors, as well as interior fittings.
It is located between the Cape of Chersones and the auxiliary airfield "Chersones" in Sevastopol and was part of the Soviet missile attack warning system.
Russian official usage classifies the installation as a Material-Technical Support Point and not a "base".
L'Agaisen possesses an instruction casemate that was used to allow soldiers to practice attack and defense skills.
Fort Tas-Silġ is a polygonal fort in Marsaxlokk, Malta.
By this document, Ali Khan Bakhtiari gave half of the stronghold to his wife as mahr.
Belfort Castle is a ruined castle in the municipality of Brienz/Brinzauls of the Canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.
Kingsley Field Air National Guard Base is the home base of the Oregon Air National Guard's 173d Fighter Wing.
The castle and courtyard stone was taken in 1735 to use in repair of the quay following an order by the Commissioners of Supply.
Founded in medieval times, it stands upon a hill which gives name to the whole city of Cuasso al Monte.
During World War II it was used by the United States Army Air Force Twelfth Air Force during the North African Campaign.
Most of the fort was demolished in the 20th century, but some parts can still be seen.
Ludovic Stewart, 2nd Duke of Lennox was granted Mongevlin Castle and lands of 1,000 acres by royal patent on 23 July 1610.
RAF Ringway was a Royal Air Force station in Ringway, Cheshire, England, near Manchester.
32nd Air Base is a Polish Air Force base, located in Łask, about 30 km south-west of Łódź.
It was named for Alexander McDowell McCook, an American Civil War general and his brothers and cousins, who were collectively known as "The Fighting McCooks".
Warwick Castle is a medieval castle developed from an original built by William the Conqueror in 1068.
It saw action in 1940 during the Battle of Belgium, and was captured by German forces.
Princess Caroline's Battery is an artillery battery in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
The castle passed to Sir John Somerville, 4th Baron of Linton through marriage in 1317 to Lady Elizabeth Douglas.
At the outbreak of the English Civil War in 1642, the castle, modernized to the latest Tudor and Stuart fashions, was held by Sir Edward Hungerford.
After operational forces moved into Sicily and southern Italy, the airfield was abandoned.
These tests followed the Operation Totem series and preceded the Operation Buffalo series.
Knockentiber is 2 miles WNW of Kilmarnock and 1/2 mile NE of Crosshouse.
Battery Way was a battery of four 12-inch mortars located on the island of Corregidor.
Many of these units are moving due to decisions by the Defense Base Realignment and Closure Commission.
By the turn of the twentieth century, six 10-inch rifled muzzle-loading guns were present at Middle Hill Battery.
According to historical sources, it was built in the 14th century by the Kakatiya kings.
Xiuying Fort simplified Chinese: 秀英炮台; traditional Chinese: 秀英砲臺; pinyin: Xiùyīng Paòtaí) is located in Haikou City, Hainan Province, China.
Fort George is situated on the Titchfield Peninsula in the town of Port Antonio, in the parish of Portland, Jamaica.
On 24 June 1517 the castle saved some of the Medemblik townsfolk from the raids of Grutte Pier and his Arumer Zwarte Hoop.
Next to and on the north of Bhairavnath's temple is another pond.
Located southeast of Daugavpils near the Belarusian border, it is currently used as a teaching site by Daugavpils University.
Rockhill Barracks was an Irish Army barracks located in Letterkenny, County Donegal.
Coleman Barracks/Coleman Army Airfield is a United States Army military installation located in the Sandhofen district of Mannheim, Germany.
The base also served northwestern supply routes and provided general surveillance of the upper Great Lakes.
Fliegerhorst Lippstadt was a pre-World War II Luftwaffe airfield, opening in 1936.
80th Bombardment Squadron(45th Bomb Gp), 29 April 1942-15 July 1942
It is also used by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.
It was built between 1888 and 1892 according to the plans of General Henri Alexis Brialmont.
Camp Peary is an approximately 9,000 acre U.S. military reservation in York County near Williamsburg, Virginia.
It consisted as usual of a pointed arch, the top fallen in, about ten feet high by five broad.
:265 Work on the Moment complex itself started in 1991.
Sledgehammer Mission Support Site was a MACV-SOG base located west of Pleiku, in Kontum Province.
In 1691, a British trading post was erected at this site, which between 1768 and 1770 was extended into a fort.
Monmouth Castle is located close to the centre of Monmouth on a hill above the River Monnow, behind shops and the main square and streets.
The Americans pulled out in the summer of 1943, heading to their new bases around Foggia, Italy and Ain M'lila was abandoned.
It is part of Bovington Garrison and is located on the Purbeck Ridge between the villages of East and West Lulworth.
It was fortified by a strong fort which played a very significant role in the history of Khandesh.
The radar squadron that was there was transferred to CFB Bagotville.
The fort occupies the wooded Hackenberg ridge.
The Fort des Têtes, also known as the Fort des Trois-Têtes, is a fortification in the vicinity of Briançon in the Dauphiné region of southeastern France.
The Delamere facility is managed round-the-clock by a detachment of eight members of the No.
Runsa is the site of the ruins of an ancient fortification located in Upplands Väsby Municipality in Sweden.
During World War II it was used by the United States Army Air Force Twelfth Air Force during the North African Campaign.
It was named after Amiel Weeks Whipple, a Civil War Union General.
It is a companion fort to Khanderi and currently lies in Raigad district, Maharashtra.
It was located about 2 miles north of Vettweiß; approximately 315 miles southwest of Berlin.
It appears for the first time in historical sources in the Ebla tablets around 2,300 BC, and gained particular importance during the Neo-Assyrian period.
The castle was abandoned by its last residents after World War I, and began falling apart.
It was designated a Monument historique in the 1960s.
As state militia units, the units in the Tennessee Air National Guard are not in the normal United States Air Force chain of command.
Discovery would have resulted in certain death for those involved.
Royal Air Force Bungay or more simply RAF Bungay is a former Royal Air Force station located 3 miles south-west of Bungay, Suffolk, England.
Other batteries known as tal-Blat and ta' Sbiese also existed.
Fort Regent is a 19th-century fortification, and leisure centre, on Mont de la Ville, in St. Helier, Jersey.
Thelepte was used by the following units during the Battle of Tunisia:
It is regarded as one of the 100 most famous castles in Japan.
It was completed in 1637 as the first of the Lascaris towers.
Silifke Castle is a medieval castle in Turkey.
It is run by the Russian Aerospace Defence Forces as part of their 821st Main Space Intelligence Centre which operates the space surveillance network.
The Walled city of Jajce is a medieval fortress with long defensive walls and a large citadel, situated in Jajce, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Originally developed pre-World War II by the Ministry of Defence as an ammunition dump, it was served by the Golden Valley Railway.
It is located 3.6 miles east of Fordland, Missouri.
It has been demolished and no remains can be seen.
Landing Zone Brace is a former U.S. Army landing zone west of Kontum in the Central Highlands of Vietnam.
Maglaj Fortress is 182 metres above sea level.
The fort was built by the Portuguese during their colonial rule of the Diu island.
In the 1915 Farleigh Hungerford Castle was sold to the Office of Works and a controversial restoration programme began.
Sottevast is a commune in Normandy in north-western France.
It is currently the city-owned Strother Field.
The Golconda Sultans fought for the fort in 1531, 1536 and 1579, and Sultan Quli Qutb Shah finally captured it in 1579, renaming it Murtuzanagar.
Ardvreck Castle is a ruined castle dating from the 16th century which stands on a rocky promontory jutting out into Loch Assynt in Sutherland, Scotland.
It was a temporary airfield, used for fighter planes as part of the island's defense.
The manor was built in the 1890s by Baltic German architect Wilhelm Neumann and used as a hunting lodge.
Camp Grayling, near Grayling, is located primarily in Crawford County, Michigan, and spreads over three counties.
It is still possible to find remnants of these wartime airfields.
Canadians named the training complex Camp Taliaferro after Walter Taliaferro, a US aviator who had been killed in an accident.
They also patrol and maintain Aids to Navigation on Lake Memphremagog.
It was closed in 1988 by the Air Force.
It was placed on the Supplemental Inventory of the Monuments Historiques in 1979.
Located in the center of Fléron, the fort has been buried and is surrounded by apartments.
The casemate was part of an extension of the Maginot Line fortifications along France's border with Germany.
It is located 2 miles southeast of Belleville, Illinois.
It operated as a training field between 1918 until 1919.
The name "White Castle" was first recorded in the thirteenth century, and was derived from the whitewash put on the stone walls.
During the 1950s Four-à-Chaux was renovated and reoccupied against a perceived threat from the Soviet Union.
Bjni Fortress, is a medieval Armenian fortress located in the village of Bjni in the Kotayk Province of Armenia.
The fortress commands an impressive view over the Argolic Gulf, the city of Náfplio and the surrounding country.
It is now operated by English Heritage, who reopened it to visitors after an extensive programme of conservation between 1968 and 1994.
The land was on both sides of the Little Miami Railroad tracks, which ended at Cincinnati's Public Landing.
For the Sverresborg situated in Bergen, see Sverresborg.
He was a leader of the Syrian wing of the Hashshashin sect, also known as the Assassins, and a figure in the history of the Crusades.
Barakoma Airfield is a former World War II airfield on Vella Lavella in the Solomon Islands archipelago.
In order to protect the bay, several forts were erected around the hill, Fort Plaisance, Fort Royal and Fort Saint Louis.
The battery consisted of a semi-circular gun platform ringed by a parapet, and two blockhouses joined together by a wall.
Several kilometres to the northwest is Georghausen Castle.
Basmo fortress is a former fortification located in the north-western part of Marker municipality in Østfold, Norway.
In 1912, the Castle was sold to a private owner.
The Château de Belœil is a château situated in the municipality of Belœil in the province of Hainaut, Belgium.
The fort was originally armed with eighteen long-range guns, ten smaller guns for the caponiers, and three mortars.
There is a pencil drawing showing the castle.
Mirim Airport, also known as Pyongyang East Airfield or K-24 Air Base, is an airport in Mirim-dong, Sadong-guyok, Pyongyang-si, North Korea.
The urban development has obliterated any trace of the airfield.
They were not required for the purpose and later became an outstation of the Bletchley Park codebreaking operations.
Later, it was a command and control base for the 52d Troop Carrier Wing from 1 September 1943-13 February 1944.
Erdut Castle is a castle in Erdut, Croatia.
Today, it remains active as part of the Alaska NORAD Region under the jurisdiction of the 611th Air Support Group, Elmendorf AFB, Alaska.
Old and New Buckenham Castle are two castles in the adjacent villages of Old Buckenham and New Buckenham, Norfolk, England.
From October 1946 to December 1947 the camp was operated by the British occupation authorities as Civil Internment Camp No.
RAF Staplehurst is a former World War II airfield in Kent, England.
It is believed that Timur visited the citadel in 1393 during his military expedition.
It is located in the commune of Bois d'Arcy in the Yvelines département of France.
This consisted of approximately 90 unmanned sites and eight Sector Control Stations located along the 55th parallel.
Emperor Joseph II had the citadel demolished in 1781.
They were defeated by Hyder Ali at Chitradurga in 1779.
Located on a height to the southwest of Rimplas, the position was originally called Ouvrage de la Madeleine.
The plan, however, is to eventually demolish the entire compound and turn it into a park.
In 1704, when Lviv was occupied by Swedes the castle was heavily damaged.
Kalna Manor, also called Sieksāte Manor, is a manor house in the historical region of Courland, in western Latvia.
It probably consisted of earthworks and logs.
It was built in accordance with improved principles of fortification developed for the Séré de Rivières system.
The station was part of 44 Radar Squadron and had a call sign of November, Jade Ring.
Grand Rapids Air Force Station is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station.
It was captured by Coalition forces during Operation Iraqi Freedom in 2003.
It is home to the 10th Mountain Division.
The site of Marstrand was chosen because of its location and its access to an ice free port.
Għajn Ħadid Tower, originally known as Torre di Salomone and known by locals as Xaghra Tower, is a ruined watchtower in Selmun, limits of Mellieħa, Malta.
The facility was operated in conjunction with the adjoining Fort Hancock.
Another facility, Okno-S, is in the Russian Far East.
In contrast to many other Dutch possessions on the Gold Coast, Fort Saint Anthony was never abandoned during the 19th century, and remained occupied until 1872.
Wakde Airfield is a World War II airfield located on Wakde Island, off the northern coast of New Guinea in West Papua Province, Indonesia.
The square-shaped fort built as similar to Elephant Pass fort and Fort Beschutter.
It was built by the Hammudid dynasty in the early 11th century.
A large barrack building or magazine with its roof covered by a layer of soil was located at the rear of the platform.
It is located 231.4 miles east of Naval Air Station Keflavik, Iceland.
The French built the fort in 1691 mainly as a trading post on the lower Saint Joseph River.
Its name derives from the Anglo Saxon hlaew meaning a mound or cairn, possibly a burial mound or barrow.
Fort Custer occupies land in both Kalamazoo County, Michigan, to the west and Calhoun County, Michigan, to the east.
Construction started in 1901 and, by 1903, a 9.2-inch Mark X breech-loading gun had been mounted.
Middleton Mount, also called Middleton Motte and Middleton Castle, is the remains of a medieval castle situated in the village of Middleton, in Norfolk, England.
Raglan Castle became first a source of local building materials, then a romantic ruin, and is now a modern tourist attraction.
About 250 military personnel and 6,000 civilians work there.
Wagner Field,, is a component of Eglin Air Force Base, Florida.
The Salto di Quirra range is located close to the town of Perdasdefogu in a mountainous zone at the south-east of Sardinia.
Sutton Valence Castle is a ruined medieval fortification in the village of Sutton Valence in Kent, England.
Balmangan Tower is a ruined 16th-century tower house situated near Borgue, Dumfries and Galloway.
Today the airfield is a mixture of agricultural fields with a private grass airfield using the North/South runway.
The Maginot fort's kitchens were used by the garrisons of both fortifications, but the mess halls were separate.
Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orbán commented: "Our job is only to register them".
Orford Castle is a castle in the village of Orford, Suffolk, England, located 12 miles northeast of Ipswich, with views over the Orford Ness.
Due to persistent malaria, the Regulars abandoned Fort Mason in October 1866 and established Camp Cameron.
Winchester Castle is a medieval building in Hampshire, England.
In 1688 Jacques de Noyon went from Kaministiquia as far as Rainy Lake.
The fort surrendered to German forces in the opening days of World War II, following the dramatic assault on Aubin-Neufchâteau's sister fort, Fort Eben-Emael.
Communication training, including Morse code, was also provided.
It is the home of the Royal Air Force's heavy lift helicopter, the Chinook HC2, HC2A and HC3.
Today, the airfield is now reclaimed by agriculture, with little or no evidence of its existence.
Mukachevo radar station was a Soviet radar station providing early warning of ballistic missile attack.
The fort is now used as a museum where the major artifacts of the fort and the Danish empire are displayed.
Saint Anthony's Battery is an artillery battery in Qala, Gozo, Malta.
Opened in 1938, it is a non-flying facility, under the control of the United States Air Force.
The castle of Lucera is a castle located in the municipality of Lucera, in the province of Foggia, southern Italy, dating back to the 13th century.
It is managed as a country park by the Isle of Wight Council, and is an open grassland with bridleways, viewpoints and a small car park.
In 1521, however, Henry Clifford held a Christmas feast at the castle, after which a major fire broke out, destroying the property.
Ouvrage Galgenberg forms a portion of the Fortified Sector of Thionville of the Maginot Line.
It was last assigned to the United States Army Air Forces Personnel Distribution Command.
The old fort area also includes Tipu Sultan's Summer Palace, and his armoury.
In 1826, a severe flood destroyed the fort.
Except for a period of inactivity between 1945 and 1951, the station has been used continuously.
From 1973 to 2008, the facility was used by the Bundeswehr.
Today there is no visible evidence of its existence or its exact location.
Krona-N is a Russian military complex which uses radar to analyse satellites and other spacecraft.
Ar Rakiyat Fort is a historical fort located in north-west Qatar, in the municipality of Al Shamal.
The Lands of Sevenacres known locally as Snacres were originally part of the holdings of Kilwinning Abbey in North Ayrshire, Scotland.
It had served as a municipal parking lot until being restored as a park in 1980s.
The Col de Mallemort is directly adjacent to the fort.
The fort consists of a defensive structure and one main palaces and many other buildings.
The 9.2-inch guns remained in service until 1950.
Mellieħa Redoubt was a redoubt in Mellieħa, Malta.
Today the site is part of the Joint Surveillance System, designated by NORAD as Western Air Defense Sector Ground Equipment Facility J-34.
The castle acquired a bad reputation for injustice in the 14th century, and complaints about "Lydford Law" persisted for centuries.
No traces of the battery can be seen today, and the area is now heavily industrialized.
Fort Buchanan was built in 1857 as a combination town and fort by Capt.
The first castle was built in the 12th century.
It served several of Bundelkhand's ruling dynasties, including the Chandela dynasty of Rajputs in the 10th century, and the Solankis of Rewa.
Established in 1935 as Charlotte Municipal Airport, in 1954 the airport was renamed Douglas Municipal Airport after former Charlotte mayor Ben Elbert Douglas, Sr.
Castel del Monte is a 13th-century citadel and castle situated on a hill in Andria in the Apulia region of southeast Italy.
It was constructed during the Second Anglo-Dutch War, by the Dutch East India Company to counter a possible British attack from the Bay of Bengal.
It is located above the ravine of the Feistritz river named Stubenbergklamm.
Home wine tasting is available by prior arrangement.
Windmill Redoubt was a redoubt in Żabbar, Malta.
285 kilometers in length, it comprised 16 newly-constructed forts and 4 old forts repaired.
The Cittadella has been included on Malta's tentative list of UNESCO World Heritage Sites since 1998.
The 821st Main Space Intelligence Centre is the headquarters of the Russian military's space surveillance network, SKKP.
French resisters were executed at Ayvelles during both world wars.
Fort John was inside a well-built stockade of 200 by 160 feet was the NWC's headquarters for the Assiniboine region.
It was demolished and no traces of it can be seen today.
It is still possible to find remnants of these wartime airfields.
The Magazine Fort is a bastion fort and magazine located within the Phoenix Park, in Dublin, Ireland.
Its location on marshy ground caused problems from the start and necessitated changes to its design after the structure begin to crack and subside during construction.
The Soviet Union conducted 456 nuclear tests at Semipalatinsk from 1949 until 1989 with little regard for their effect on the local people or environment.
In the 21st century the castle is owned by the Joicey family, but managed by English Heritage.
The tower is situated above the Fiddler Burn, 3.5 km south-west of Carluke, and 1.5 km east of Crossford.
The magazine sits on a plateau with several artillery batteries.
Bahjat Ghanem military base is the headquarters of the Lebanese Army North regional command located in Tripoli, in the North Governorate.
After the war, the airfield may have been used as San Pancrazio Airport, but today several agricultural buildings are on the main runway.
The station is the only Coast Guard Station located on Lake Michigan in Indiana.
Located 6.0 miles northeast of Moscow, Maine, it went operational in 1990 but was closed in 1997 and placed in "warm storage" with minimal maintenance.
Today, it remains active as part of the Alaska NORAD Region under the jurisdiction of the 611th Air and Space Operations Center, Elmendorf AFB, Alaska.
It was a motte and bailey on Carberry Hill.
Cromwell's Castle is an artillery fort overlooking New Grimsby harbour on the island of Tresco in the Isles of Scilly.
The battery had a large parapet with nine embrasures and a magazine.
At some time during the war, prisoners from every nation fighting against Germany passed through it.
Since that time, the Arkansas National Guard has been using 66,000 acres as a training facility.
The condition of the castle varied considerably over time, and was repeatedly renovated and then left to deteriorate once again.
Dudley Castle is a ruined fortification in the town of Dudley, West Midlands, England.
Horfield Barracks is a former military installation in the Horfield area of Bristol.
By the size of the landscape that it once stood, it is suggested that it was of considerable size.
It is a base for Jet2.com, Monarch Airlines and Ryanair.
The South Bastion was part of the fortifications of Gibraltar, protecting the western base of the Charles V Wall.
The battery began in 1940 with artillery guns in an open emplacement.
It is a grade I listed building.
Cassibile Airfield is an abandoned World War II military airfield in Italy, which is located in the vicinity of Syracuse on the island of Sicily.
Each facility was designed to be nearly self-sufficient, with not only hangars, but barracks, mess halls, even hospitals and recreation centers
From the historical point of view, there is some uncertainty about the correct name of the location.
In 1921, Brough Castle was given to the state and is now run by English Heritage as a tourist attraction.
It was demolished to make way for the coast road, but its remains are possibly still buried under the road.
Castell Coch is a 19th-century Gothic Revival castle built above the village of Tongwynlais in South Wales.
Specific plans for the design of both fortifications were first completed in the mid-1830s, based upon designs largely begun in the 1820s.
It is one of four such towers built in the 1840s to protect Kingston's harbour and the entrance to the Rideau Canal.
The National Trust offers tours Wednesday afternoons
They were originally built by the Moors or Spanish but added to by the British in the 18th century.
Royal Air Force Framlingham or more simply RAF Framlingham is a former Royal Air Force station located 3 miles southeast of Framlingham, Suffolk, England.
It was built in 1715–1716 by the Order of Saint John as one of a series of coastal fortifications around the Maltese Islands.
It was the first airfield established in the liberated area of Normandy, being constructed by the IX Engineering Command, 834th Engineer Aviation Battalion.
The yard comprised blockhouses, store houses, magazine, wood yard and wharf.
It protected the Spanish settlement, called Santa Cruz de Nuca, the first colony in British Columbia.
It is located in Ludlow, Massachusetts, adjacent to Westover Joint Air Reserve Base.
The Needles Battery is a military Battery built above the Needles stacks in 1861–63 to guard the West end of the Solent.
Kawate Castle was a castle that existed between the Nanboku-chō period and the Sengoku period.
The fort was under the control of Sri Lankan Army and LTTE during the civil war but is now fully accessible to the public.
The main section of the camp was in the fields made famous 55 years before, by Pickett’s Charge.
For a time after the defeat of the French, Canadian-born French Canadian fur trader Jean-Baptise Rousseau lived in a house at Portneuf from 1792.
However, as with all joint bases, the installation receives support services from the previous installation authorities.
It is responsible for all training issues relating to CBRN warfare for the UK armed forces.
An additional block was planned but not built.
The USAF base at Châteauroux-Déols actually consisted of two separate facilities about 8 km apart, Châteauroux-Déols Air Depot and La Martinerie Airdrome.
It was restored between 1897-1911 and now operates as the Barcaldine Castle bed & breakfast hotel.
307th; 308th; 309th Fighter Squadrons, P-51D/K Mustang
Hanwella, which means 'skin sands', was the site of an ancient ferry route across the river.
518th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron, 8 June 1956-1 July 1959
U.S. Coast Guard Station Montauk is located on the easternmost end of Long Island in Montauk, New York.
Hundreds of the temporary buildings that were used survive today, and are being used for other purposes.
A more authentic pronunciation would be  Famosa.
Construction of the battery began in 1889 and was completed by 1893.
Camp Williams is also home to the Non-Commissioned Officer's Basic Leader Course, which is taught to Active, National Guard, and Reserve components.
Termini Airfield is an abandoned World War II military airfield on Sicily, located approximately 4 km west-northwest of Termini Imerese.
Its purpose was detecting aircraft approaching South Cornwall and the Western Approaches.
The fort is a trekking destination noted for the large doors, the temple of 'Trimbakeshwar Mahadev', a water tanks and some Satvahan caves.
RAF Culmhead is a former Royal Air Force station, situated at Churchstanton on the Blackdown Hills in Somerset, England.
It has also been used as a prison.
In August 1844 the Ute Indians attacked and burned both Fort Uintah and the Gunnison fort.
Denham Castle, also known as Castle Holes, is a medieval motte and bailey castle near the village of Gazeley, Suffolk, England.
The number of troops at Paola fluctuated several times during the Civil War.
The Nesscliffe Training Area is a military training facility located near Nesscliffe in Shropshire.
Sierra Vista, which annexed the post in 1971, is located south and east of the post, and Huachuca City is to the north and east.
Gradually replaced with stone fortifications, the castle withstood a prolonged siege during the First Barons' War at the start of the 13th century.
The ouvrage consists of two infantry blocks.
Construction was completed around the beginning of the twentieth century.
Chaiturgarh is one of the 36 forts of Chhattisgarh.
Numerous remains of wartime buildings are also visible.
They are depicted in a 1627 map by Don Luis Bravo de Acuña, which shows their parapet following a tenaille trace.
Naval Forces Europe and the U.S. Sixth Fleet.
Rich Field is a former World War I military airfield, located in Waco, Texas, near what is now the intersection of Bosque Boulevard and 41st Street.
Guiuan Airfield is a World War II airfield located near Guiuan in the province of Eastern Samar, Samar, Philippines.
The fort was heavily bombarded by German artillery in the Battle of Liège in World War I and again at the opening of World War II.
51st Troop Carrier Squadron, 2 July-6 September 1943, C-47 Skytrain
Fort Nassau, near Moree, Ghana, was the first fort that the Dutch established on what would become the Dutch Gold Coast.
416th Night Fighter Squadron, 27–30 September 1943, Bristol Beaufighter
The site is now used for agriculture, though evidence of concrete runways and buildings remains.
In 1758, with the Seven Years' War intensifying, a French-Canadian military commander took charge of a garrison at the fort.
Krepost Sveaborg was part of Peter the Great's Naval Fortress, a coastal fortification system protecting access to Saint Petersburg by sea.
The fort, said to be built by an earlier ruler, was refurbished during the [[Dogra Empire] by Raja Gulab Singh in the 18th century.
Venice Army Airfield is an inactive United States Army Forces base, approximately 2 miles south-southeast of Venice, Florida.
The convent sheltered it from bombardment from the nearby Cottonera Lines and the Post of Castile.
Originally built in 1800, it was modernized in 1880.
It is named after the governor Sir Robert Gardiner.
During the first half of the 19th century the family became extremely wealthy as a result of the growth of the coal industry in Glamorgan.
The fort was heavily bombarded by German artillery in the Battle of Liège.
Just below the hill is Saint Sargis Monastery of the 7th–13th centuries.
The site was selected because its sandy soil made it difficult for POWs to escape by tunnelling.
Firebase 6 is a former U.S. Army and Army of the Republic of Vietnam base southwest of Đắk Tô in the Central Highlands of Vietnam.
E. Woolbert, Sr., one of the founders of Washington, constructed a second stockade building, Woolbert's Stockade Hotel, in September 1860.
Maryhill Barracks was built on 12 hectares of the Ruchill estate, in the Maryhill area of northern Glasgow, Scotland.
It also ceased at that time to be the town post office.
The camp is a state game refuge with resources managed cooperatively by the Department of Military Affairs and Department of Natural Resources.
It is used to monitor radio emissions from space craft and satellites, a form of electronic intelligence gathering.
RAF Wartling was a Royal Air Force station located near the village of Wartling in East Sussex.
Today, part of the land on which the airfield existed is located in Santa Monica circuit of Misano Adriatico near Cattolica.
It was excavated by Martyn Jope und R. I. Threlfall in 1959, when 12th century pottery was discovered.
The former naval air station was then placed under the jurisdiction of the Air Defense Command.
During World War II, the United States Army Air Forces established numerous airfields in Michigan for training pilots and aircrews of USAAF fighters and bombers.
Maxwell AFB is also the site of Federal Prison Camp, Montgomery, a minimum security facility for male inmates.
It was located 4.3 miles ESE of Foucaucourt-sur-Thabas, in the Meuse department in Lorraine in north-eastern France.
The town of Belmont was abandoned soon thereafter.
It was built by the Order of Saint John in 1716 or 1761 as one of a series of coastal fortifications around the Maltese Islands.
It was deactivated and placed in "cold storage" in 2002.
Nothing now remains of a structure, but the mound and moat are still visible.
The position controlled the pass of the same name and was covered by Ouvrage Sainte-Agnès and the positions at Pic-de-Garuche.
The German design team was then spun off to become part of the newly founded NASA.
57th Fighter Group, 5–8 November 1942, P-40 Warhawk
It provides fast-jet training using the BAE Systems Hawk and provides training for aircrew working with search and rescue.
The Skopje Fortress, commonly referred to as Kale, is a historic fortress located in the old town of Skopje, the capital of the Republic of Macedonia.
After a short period of use by the coastguard, the castle was opened to the public by English Heritage in the 1980s.
During World War II, the United States Army Air Forces established numerous airfields in Massachusetts for training pilots and aircrews of USAAF fighters and bombers.
It is located at Plaine Des Gaiacs near the village of Pouembout.
Some sections have since been restored; the Ninth Fort houses a museum and memorial devoted to the victims of wartime mass executions.
The castle has a reputation, both from its history and its appearance, as one of the most sinister and atmospheric in Scotland.
The fort is 20 feet above the village habitation level.
Thetford Castle is a medieval motte and bailey castle in the market town of Thetford in the Breckland area of Norfolk, England.
The fighting at La Ferté was the heaviest of any position in the Maginot Line.
The tower commanded the entrance to Marsaskala Bay along with Saint Thomas Tower.
The camp was liberated by the U.S. 3rd Army on 5 May 1945.
In 1877 the fort became the headquarters for the newly created military district, the District of the Yellowstone, commanded by Miles.
The hill rises about 250 feet above the level of the plateau, which itself constitutes the summit of the Mahadev range at this point.
Planned second segment, which will overlap zone of the Gabala radar station.
Waller Air Force Base is a former United States Army Air Forces World War II air base located in northeastern Trinidad.
The towers were designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1970.
The fort was initially armed with 34 guns.
Some early sources mention the existence of ruins of structures such as hippodrome, tower, bath and palace.
Bastions were used as the main defensive elements.
The castle was never reoccupied and fell into ruins, and in the 18th century it was used to hold hunting kennels and stables.
The Windmill Redoubt was probably demolished soon after the end of the blockade since it blocked important roads.
Segi Point Airfield is a former World War II airfield on New Georgia in the Solomon Islands archipelago.
By the mid-18th century the wall had become obsolete and, as the town was redeveloped, large sections were demolished leaving only parts standing.
The Martello tower is 7.6 m, with a base diameter of 12 m and 1.2 m thick walls.
The Upper Fortress protected the citadel and served as the acropolis.
The island has been part of the United States since the Alaska Purchase of 1867.
None of the forts around Besançon were used in the Franco-Prussian War, and the building was abandoned after the war.
In 1868 the building was sold to the county for use as the Washington County Courthouse.
Wignacourt Tower, also known as Saint Paul's Bay Tower, is a bastioned watchtower in St. Paul's Bay, Malta.
The British maintained the fort until after the United States victory in the Northwest Indian War and the signing of Jay's Treaty in 1795.
It was used as a flying field; primary flying school; school for adjutants, supply officers, engineers; mechanics school, and as an aviation general supply depot.
Among other functions, it is home to the Royal Air Force College, which trains the RAF's new officers and Aircrew.
The area's Indians proved reasonably peaceful and no Bushwhackers threatened the area.
Ouvrage Coucou is a lesser work of the Maginot Line, located in the Fortified Sector of Boulay.
It was designed by architect Albert Kahn.
A restaurant exists within the walls of the battery, serving Mediterranean cuisine.
The runway, although deteriorated, along with all of the taxiways and aircraft hardstands are very much in evidence.
The fort was first built in the 17th century, but was completely rebuilt in the 18th century.
Mountain Home Air Force Base is a United States Air Force installation in the western United States.
460th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron, 1 December 1969-16 April 1971
3,300 square metres in size, and is connected via an over 450 metres long tunnel, stretching across the length of the facility.
Lake City Air Force Station is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station.
An anti-aircraft gun position was established here during World War II from 1941 to 1944.
Camp Castle has been largely abandoned, with only a warehouse remaining.
The central caponier and North -East loopholed wall remain.
The position was sabotaged and abandoned by French forces that were ordered to retreat from the exposed position in June 1940 during the Battle of France.
There were two other locations in New Mexico which were called Fort Wingate: Seboyeta, New Mexico and San Rafael, New Mexico.
In the 21st century, Sandgate remains in private ownership, and is protected under UK law as a grade I listed building.
For the civil airport opened in 1971, see Paderborn Lippstadt Airport
It comprised an inner and an outer bailey, the former protected by a stone curtain wall.
Much of the former base has been preserved, with most of the site now being occupied by the RNLI.
The road became the Fort Walla Walla Fort Colville Military Road.
The aerodrome had two runways, one running east-west and the other NE-SW.
A small detachment of Confederate troops made one unsuccessful attempt to regain it.
Christiansø Fortress is one of the historic Norwegian fortresses, which commands the western approaches to Flekkerøy harbor, at Kristiansand municipality in Norway.
It is open to visitors on Thursday from 10:00 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. and the first Sunday each month from 10:00 a.m. until 3:30 p.m.
St. James was one of nine planned cavaliers in the city, although eventually only two were built, the other one being the identical Saint John's Cavalier.
Furthermore, JTACs from various military services and countries frequently train on the same ranges and direct the air attacks.
It is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Qayyarah Airfield West is a former Iraqi Air Force base in the Qayyarah subdistrict of Mosul District in northern Iraq.
The tunnel system for the shelter was chosen as the site for the highly classified, Second World War military operation known as Operation Tracer.
Camp Williams land comprises about 6 square miles of flat area and 47 square miles of mountainous region.
416th Night Fighter Squadron, P-61 Black Widow, 1 September-1 October 1944
The Kiev Fortified Region is a fortified district in the Kiev area, a complex of defensive structures, consisting of permanent and field fortifications and engineering obstacles.
Viewed from the air, the remains of the main runway are visible, along with taxiways and aircraft hardstands visible, but in a very deteriorated state.
The fort has four ornamental gates, known as Kakatiya Kala Thoranam, that originally formed the entrances to a now ruined great Shiva temple.
Vaberget Fortress is a fortress located five kilometers west of Karlsborg Fortress, by lake Vättern, in Västergötland, Sweden.
Akola fort along with the Narnala and Akot forts forms the major fortifications of the Akola district, Maharashtra, India.
Entenstein Castle is a medieval castle surrounded by a moat situated in the center of the town of Schliengen.
Molvange was not involved in significant combat during World War II, but due to its size it was repaired and retained in service after the war.
In 1738 Sieur Louis Damours de Louvières built Fort Rouge on the Assiniboine River for Pierre Gaultier de Varennes, sieur de La Vérendrye.
Now also holds the television tower for the city of Satara.
It was named after Roger d’Oilly who was granted it by William the Conqueror and whose brother built Oxford Castle.
«Spasskya Tower» was first portal, but then its redesigned and built inside the church in the name of the Savior.
A total of 3,221 personnel are employed at the shipyard stretching over an area of 255,526 m2 with covered structures of 121,466 m2.
The Allies became aware of the sites at an early stage and carried out numerous bombing raids to destroy them before they came into use.
Torokina Airfield, also known as Cape Torokina Airfield, is a former World War II airfield located at Cape Torokina, Bougainville.
It is the only cylindrical fort in Brazil.
Vecbebri Manor is a manor house in the historical region of Vidzeme, in northern Latvia.
It was captured by Coalition forces during Operation Iraqi Freedom in 2003.
The castle was one of the most important Renaissance buildings in Northern Germany.
Caerlaverock Castle is a moated triangular castle first built in the 13th century.
Olsborg Castle, also Olofsborg, was a fortified castle located in Tanum Municipality, Sweden, in the province of Bohuslän.
San Carlos de Borromeo Fortress is a colonial fortress in the Bay of Pampatar in the northeast of Isla Margarita, Venezuela.
Rikava Manor is a manor in the historical region of Latgale, in Latvia.
There have been six radars at this site, although only one is operational in 2012, and it is run by the Russian Aerospace Defence Forces.
Gaujiena Palace is a palace in the historical region of Vidzeme, in northern Latvia.
Recent excavations have been underway at the site recently by Armenian and American archaeologists led by Ruben Badalian and Philip Kohl.
By 1800 the castle was ruined, but restoration works were carried out in the 1880s, prior to its passing into state care in the 20th century.
It was the site of two Dnepr radar radar installations constructed in the 1960s.
Staverns Fortress was a military facility located on the island of Citadelløya at Stavern in Vestfold, Norway.
As a result building got more Neo - Classical appearance.
Almost one kilometer east is the 14th century Spitakavor Church dedicated to Saint Astvatsatsin.
It was the first postwar Air Warning Station under Air Defense Command.
The fort, often mistakenly referred to as being built by the Portuguese, was built by the British around 1675.
It is the historic nucleus around which the original settlement of Montreal grew.
This airport is included in the FAA's National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a primary commercial service airport.
Fressinéa was built between November 1930 and April 1934, accommodating 30 soldiers under a lieutenant with two months of provisions.
Its history begins before World War II, when it was originally a grass civil airdrome.
Documentary evidence from the late 14th century records it as Dounarwyse Castle in the possession of the Lords of the Isles.
It was built between 1875 and 1879 in accordance with improved principles of fortification developed for the Séré de Rivières system.
The fortification complex faces the France-Luxembourg border from a height near Entrange in the Moselle département.
In 1777, Todd & McGill had a post about a mile and a half upstream.
It was closed in 1978 by the Air Force, and the radar site on Blacktail Mountain was turned over to the Federal Aviation Administration.
RAF Stanbridge was deemed redundant, and closed the following year.
During the war it was used primarily as a transport airfield.
Picketed Point Stockade was the last of three fortifications built at Marietta, Ohio.
This camp would have been almost in plain sight, yet invisible.
The fort was equipped with a variety of large-calibre artillery guns which were intended to support two other nearby Thamesside forts.
Codenamed Wasserwerk St. Pol, it was intended for use as a bomb-proof storage facility and launch site for V-1 flying bombs.
In 1953, the castle was bought by the art historian Kenneth Clark, and then became the home of his son, the politician and diarist, Alan Clark.
Twenty-seven Norcon pillbox sites are recorded in the Defence of Britain database.
It is located 22 km from the city of Erode and 38 km from Salem.
Other ranges nearby include RAF Holbeach, also on The Wash, and Donna Nook.
Coventry's city walls are a sequence of defensive structures built around the city of Coventry in England.
It was renamed Fort Detroit by Secretary of War Henry Dearborn in 1805.
Access was difficult for construction and for the Alpine Line garrisons.
It is a Grade I listed building and scheduled monument.
Gibraltar Barracks is a military installation in Bury St Edmunds.
Also this part of the Trabzon Castle was built by Alexios II of Trebizond.
The buildings on top of the tell stretch over a roughly oval area of 430 by 340 metres occupying 102,000 square metres.
The fort is situated on a peak of Sahyadri range.
Though originally constructed in the 16th century, the current structures of the 45 acre fort date to the 1860s.
It continued to serve as an active USN installation until its closure in July 1974.
Its locational advantages include the 40 km long Waghotan/Kharepatan creek.
The National Interagency Fire Center is based in the city of Boise and the Boise Airport is used for logistical support.
Al Koot Fort, most commonly known as the Doha Fort, is a historical military fortress located in the heart of Doha, Qatar's capital city.
It was named after Anne, Princess Royal and Princess of Orange, the eldest daughter of George II.
It is still in use by the Federal Aviation Administration as a Joint Surveillance System radar station.
There is a hut of the same name nearby.
It is located on the southern shore of Lake Bracciano.
The station was commissioned on September 23, 2003.
Hemyock Castle is a ruined 14th-century castle in the village of Hemyock, Devon, England.
It was initially used as a bomb-proof storage and personnel bunker, but was later equipped as a 1,000-bed hospital.
The age of the tower is not known, and it could date back to the Roman or medieval periods, or possibly a later reconstruction.
After the surrender of France, it was occupied by the Germans as a storage depot for torpedoes, and later resisted the American advances of late 1944.
Naval Station New York was a United States Navy Naval Station on Staten Island in New York City, closed in 1994.
The attacks caused substantial damage and rendered the bunker unusable for its original purpose.
After demilitarization, the facility reopened as Panamá Pacífico International Airport in 2014.
It has been under preservation since 1979 and may be visited.
Though it is not open to the public, it has been the subject of historical and archaeological investigation in the 20th and 21st centuries.
Spy Glass Battery or Spyglass Battery was originally a high angle artillery battery in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
It was an all-weather temporary field built by the XII Engineer Command using a graded earth compacted surface, with a prefabricated hessian surfacing known as PHS.
It was constructed between 1491 and 1502 in response to the threat of French attack and was one of the first purpose-built artillery forts in Britain.
The ouvrage consists of one entry block, one infantry artillery block and one observation block at an altitude of 842 metres.
It was built by the British between 1872 and 1876.
Žrnov or Žrnovan was a medieval fortress on the highest top of Avala, at 511 metres, in Belgrade, Serbia.
The Army Training Centre at Pirbright in Surrey provides Phase 1 military training for elements of the British Army.
The installation was transferred to Air National Guard control for fighter operations and it has been operated by the Oregon Air National Guard ever since.
This wall is pierced by the Southport Gates, guarded by the South Bastion and the Flat Bastion on either side.
During visits a film is also shown, which tells the story of the battle at Fort Istibey.
The ancient city was surrounded by walls, but very few remains of these have survived.
Camp Bullis is used primarily as maneuvering grounds for U.S. Army, Air Force and Marines combat units.
The fort garrison consisted of 200 Ramoshis, Mahars, and other hereditary Gadkaris besides sepoys.
The Servian Wall was an ancient Roman defensive barrier constructed around the city of Rome in the early 4th century BC.
Schofield Barracks has an area of 17,725 acres on Central Oʻahu.
Construction began in 1788 and was fully completed in 1791.
It includes both Wright and Patterson Fields, which were originally Wilbur Wright Field and Fairfield Aviation General Supply Depot.
It was named after the Levanter cloud, below which it perched, giving it an unobstructed view.
Today, just five Ruck machine gun post sites are recorded in the Defence of Britain database.
It is under the jurisdiction of Air Force Special Operations Command.
Atop one of the old batteries, Battery Harris East, a viewing platform has 360-degree views, which include the city, New York Harbor, and the Atlantic Ocean.
Ringgenberg Castle is a castle in the municipality of Ringgenberg of the Canton of Bern in Switzerland.
By March 1859 the site was again occupied and remained so until at least spring 1860.
It had a pentagonal platform with a blockhouse at the rear, which was also defended by a redan.
It remains in this role today, owned by English Heritage and open to the public.
Kalnmuiža Manor is a manor house built in Late Classicism style in the historical region of Courland, in western Latvia.
It was built between 1365 and 1366, under the direction of William of Sleaford and Henry de Yevele, to house the personal treasure of Edward III.
Presumably existing since before 2006, it was run over by Free Syrian Army rebels on 5 October 2014 during the Daraa offensive.
It is located 4 miles east of Ramore, Ontario.
The former discount department store chain Bradlees was named for the airport as many of the early planning meetings were held here.
The fortress is surrounded by the Berchtesgaden Alps and the adjacent Tennen Mountains.
Having failed in its purpose, the line has since become a metaphor for expensive efforts that offer a false sense of security.
Wattlesborough is a former township within the present parish of Alberbury.
Tarġa Battery is an artillery battery on the boundary between St. Paul's Bay and Mosta, Malta.
The location is approximately 130 km west-southwest of Tunis.
However the other USAAF support commands; Air Transport Command or Troop Carrier Command) commanded a significant number of airfields in a support roles.
The station was disbanded in 1987 and has been taken over by the village.
It was closed on 30 June 1992.
It is located 74 miles north-northwest of St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
Beginning in September 1982, the Federal Aviation Administration acquired part of the facility.
Opened in 1942, it served both the Royal Air Force and United States Army Air Forces.
Camp Crane was a World War I United States Army Ambulance Service training camp, located in Allentown, Pennsylvania.
It is located in the Aviano municipality, at the foot of the Carnic Pre-Alps, or Southern Carnic Alps, about 15 kilometers from Pordenone.
Texas is the home of the Air Education and Training Command located at Randolph Air Force Base, near San Antonio.
It is located about 16 miles east of the community of Christmas Valley, Oregon.
It has been preserved and is interpreted by a local preservation association for the public.
Panhala fort), is located in Panhala, 20 kilometres northwest of Kolhapur in Maharashtra, India.
The fort, named after Plymouth Rock by surveyors from Massachusetts, was located on or near the top of a high hill north of Pony Creek.
Its last known use was by the United States Army Air Force Twelfth Air Force in 1944.
The station motto was Aggressive in Defence.
The building went into foreclosure in 2012.
The name is of American derivation, since the North Vietnamese considered the system integral to the supply route mentioned above.
The Fort Indiantown Gap Military Reservation is protected by a full-time police force, the Fort Indiantown Gap Police Department, which enforces traffic and other state laws.
Its restaurant, the Earl of Thomond, was awarded a Michelin star in 1995, under head chef Jean Baptiste Molinari.
Of the 18 ponds which supplied the garrison with water, only three possess water.
Ruthven Castle was a D-plan tower castle at Ruthven, Angus, Scotland.
Pierced Steel Planking was also used for parking areas, as well as for dispersal sites, when it was available.
Both the town and fort were abandoned in 1882.
Two single-lane agricultural roads in a "V" pattern are the remnants of the airfield's runways, but no evidence of the support area or runways remain.
It is located 7.7 miles north-northeast of Corvallis, Oregon.
This is the best-preserved alcazaba in Spain.
It is home to 3 Regiment Army Air Corps and 4 Regiment Army Air Corps.
The upper parapet was seven courses high and had five embrasures.
Despite the subsequent lack of maintenance, many parts of the walls survived and are still standing today.
Canadian Forces Station Moosonee was a military installation located in Moosonee, Ontario.
Ktenia is a ruined Roman and medieval fortress, 2.1 kilometres north of the village of Lozarevo in Sungurlare Municipality, Burgas Province, south-eastern Bulgaria.
Tracing such use can be problematic, because the RAF referred to the airfield only by a codename, which was "Paddington".
Today, the airfield is abandoned with sand reclaiming the facility back to the desert.
The only remaining visible signs of the old castle are the large mound of the motte, and traces of the wall that surrounded the bailey.
Alan Percy, 8th Duke of Northumberland, gave custody of the castle to the Office of Works in 1922.
Camp Gruber is located near Braggs, Oklahoma in the Cookson Hills, about 14 miles southeast of Muskogee, Oklahoma.
It was built in 1715–1716 by the Order of Saint John as one of a series of coastal fortifications around the Maltese Islands.
Most of the former RCAF buildings remain.
To the west of the grand battery was a very formidable flank which was considered to have been a "great annoyance to the besiegers."
In 1961 Krásna Hôrka was designated a National Cultural Monument of the Slovak Republic.
It was built in 1715–1716 by the Order of Saint John as one of a series of coastal fortifications around the Maltese Islands.
The fortress lies on the shore of Malvan town of Sindhudurg District in the Konkan region of Maharashtra, 450 kilometres south of Mumbai.
The Castillo de San Felipe was used by the Spanish for several centuries, during which time it was destroyed and looted several times by pirates.
Anzeling saw limited action in World War II, and was rehabilitated for use during the cold war.
Afterwards, it was used as a casualty and resupply airfield during the early days of the Italian Campaign.
When the Civil War erupted, Father John Schoenmakers wanted to keep the Mission as neutral ground and thus out of the conflict.
It is one of two major Air Force installations operated by the United States Forces Korea, the other being Osan Air Base.
In May 1952, Chrysler resumed control from the army, which had been unable to ramp up production.
No source claims knowledge of this fort's fate and nothing of it remains.
The hall features a 13th-century wooden-beamed ceiling, and 17th-century carved figures ornament the gatehouse and the solar.
It was one of thirty-two Air Service, United States Army training camps established after the United States entry into World War I in April 1917.
The airfield most likely was constructed from compacted sand with tents being used as support facilities.
... a large mud fort, occupied by a battalion of Sepoys, which, in this part of the country, now procures a ready supply of recruits...
The last Percy earl died in 1670.
Hesse's Demi Bastion is a demi-bastion in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
Tešanj Castle is one of the most significant and biggest castles in Bosnia, with an area of 6,296 square metres.
Fort Belmont was manned by local militia under the command of Capt.
Occupied by the Prussians in 1871, the fort was briefly occupied by communards during the Paris Commune.
Constructed secretly during the Second World War in response to the Japanese threat, they were intended to house operational headquarters in the event of attack.
Fort Madalena, also known as Fort Madliena, is a polygonal fort in Madliena, limits of Swieqi, Malta.
He used materials from Yamada Castle to build Zakimi Castle in 1420.
Erie Proving Ground closed in January 1967.
The castle was besieged in 1557 and was partially destroyed and was rebuilt in 1586.
Also resident is No 1287 Sqn, Air Training Corps.
The Batterie du Lenlon was a subsidiary position, as was the Batterie du Sapey.
It was established in 1925 as Davis-Monthan Landing Field.
It was saved and restored by the efforts of Sir Martin Conway and his wife during the first half of the century.
It was officially renamed "Schwimmer Airfield" on November 10, 1942, in honor of Charles Schwimmer, lost in P-39D 41-6956 intercepting Japanese aircraft over Port Moresby.
Manbulloo Airfield was a World War II airfield built at Manbulloo Station, near Katherine, Northern Territory.
Iba Airfield is a former United States Army Air Forces airfield on Luzon in the Philippines.
Today, the runway of the wartime airfield is known as Guiuan Airport, but it is infrequently used.
The airfield is located in Twyford Wood, off the A1 between Stamford and Grantham about 104 miles north-northwest of London
The ESSCOM headquarters and main bases is at Lahad Datu.
Schaffen Air Base is a Belgian Air Force Base, located 2.1 km north-northeast of Diest in Flemish Brabant, Belgium.
Guests staying overnight must bring their own sleeping bags and must be accompanied by a registered guide.)
Quitzin Castle is a Jagdschloss in Splietsdorf municipality, Germany.
Like the other three ouvrages near Maubeuge, it is built on an old Séré de Rivières fortification, near the town of Boussois.
Fort Indiantown Gap, also referred to as "The Gap" or "FTIG", is a census-designated place and U.S. Army post primarily located in Lebanon County, Pennsylvania.
Hawthornden comprises a 15th-century ruin, with a 17th-century L-plan house attached.
The fort has been the center of several notable events in Venezuelan history.
The State of Arkansas received 6000 acres, about half of which have been redeveloped as of 2014.
The Tennessee Air National Guard is headquartered at Berry Field Air National Guard Base, Nashville, and its commander is currently Brigadier General Donald L. Johnson.
By the end of the siege, the batteries were armed with five cannons, including an 18-pounder which had been taken from St. Julian's Battery.
They were built in the 17th and 18th centuries to protect the land front defences of the cities of Birgu and Senglea.
From 1944, soldiers from the United States of America were kept there too.
Chequers, or Chequers Court, is the country house of the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.
The internal buildings were roofed with bark.
Rheine-Hopsten Air Base is a former German Air Force military air base, located 9.3 km northeast of Rheine in Westphalia, Germany.
RAF Wrexham was a Royal Air Force station at Borras, on the outskirts of Wrexham, Wales and east of the town centre.
In recent years the Large Fortification was acquired by the National Bank of Poland.
It is commonly referred to as Fort Portneuf after the French military officer who had been instructed to build the fort, Pierre Robineau de Portneuf.
Pretz-en-Argonne Airdrome, was a temporary World War I airfield in France.
Zvārtava Manor is a manor house in the historical region of Vidzeme, northern Latvia.
Lower Barracks was a military installation in Winchester.
Camp Walker, Camp Henry, and Camp George are the three U.S. military bases in Daegu, part of the U.S. Army Garrison Daegu.
Northolt pre-dates the establishment of the Royal Air Force by almost three years, having opened in May 1915.
Karlsborg Fortress is situated on the Vannäs peninsula in Karlsborg by lake Vättern, the province of Västergötland, Sweden.
The Portuguese built this fort in the mid 17th century of quarried coral and named it Fortaleza Real.
Kinbane Castle is a State Care Historic Monument sited in the townland of Cregganboy, in Moyle District Council area, at grid ref: D0876 4383.
INS Jarawa is a naval base under the joint-services Andaman and Nicobar Command located in Port Blair in the Andaman & Nicobar Islands.
The facility was built and accepted by DND in 1994, without munitions storage facilities.
In the mid-18th century the castle found its way into the hands of Hugh Smithson, who married the indirect Percy heiress.
The manor was repaired after suffering fire damage in 1905.
It was named after Ioannis Metaxas, then Prime Minister of Greece, and chiefly consists of tunnels that led to observatories, emplacements and machine-gun nests.
Fort Grant, located in the U.S. state of Arizona, is a state prison and a former United States Army fortification.
The station was operated exclusively by the Royal Canadian Air Force.
The present building was erected in 1862, in French Renaissance style.
The camp was not used again until 1928 when it was reestablished as a training site for the West Virginia State Militia.
Pratapgad literally 'Valour Fort' is a large fort located in Satara district, in the Western Indian state of Maharashtra.
Zvornik Castle is a medieval castle located in Zvornik, Bosnia and Herzegovina, on the mountain Mlađevac overlooking Drina Valley.
Zvezda moonbase was canceled with the rest of the Soviet crewed lunar programs.
During the Second World War it was used by the Royal Air Force and the United States Army Air Forces Ninth Air Force.
It was located in Limestone, Maine, adjacent to Loring.
RAF Kimbolton is a former Royal Air Force station located 8 miles west of Huntingdon, Cambridgeshire, England.
It was built between 1881 and 1884 according to the plans of General Henri Alexis Brialmont.
By November 1939, when the Winter War began, the line was by no means complete.
After passing the southern gateway the assailants would be comMan ded from the lower citadel.
It was renovated for use during the Cold War.
Tam Soc Base was an Army of the Republic of Vietnam base located southwest of Sóc Trăng, Sóc Trăng Province in southern Vietnam.
The forts have fine ramparts with a rich history with several historical and religious monuments.
Sharda Fort, also known as Sharda Peeth, is an ancient fort and a national heritage monument in Neelum Valley, Azad Kashmir, Pakistan.
a small but substantial fort with a surrounding stockade of stout piles and with bastions at each of the four stockade corners.
Ouvrage Restefond is a work of the Maginot Line's Alpine extension, the Alpine Line.
Housing both British armed forces, and Irish army garrisons through three centuries, the barracks were the oldest continuously occupied example in the world.
Sault Sainte Marie Air Force Station is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station.
RAF South Ruislip, also known as South Ruislip Air Station, was a non-flying Air Force station located in South Ruislip near London, England.
Miami Army Airfield, was a World War II United States Army Air Forces airfield located at the 36th Street Airport in Miami, Florida.
When the Americans moved east into Tunisia, the airfield was dismantled and abandoned.
The fort was occupied between 1781 and 1785 by the British.
Dreghorn Barracks are located in Edinburgh, Scotland.
It is also listed as of national importance in the Geological Conservation Review, as a grade 1 site in the Nature Conservation Review.
82d Fighter Group, 10 October 1943 – 11 January 1944, P-38 Lightning,
Two more blocks were planned but not completed before the invasion of France in 1940.
Central Field or Iwo Jima Air Base is a World War II airfield on Iwo Jima in the Bonin Islands, located in the Central Pacific.
A New York State jail opened at the site c. 1983.
St Andrew's Castle was an artillery fort constructed by Henry VIII near Hamble-le-Rice, Hampshire, between 1542 and 1543.
Sohae Satellite Launching Station is a rocket launching site in Cholsan County, North Pyongan Province, North Korea.
Over the past 26 years, the establishment has grown into a fully fledged Station with co-located units such as MARCOS, NAD, NAI and MES.
The Grange is a former military installation in Edge Lane, Liverpool.
The island was originally established as a government site in 1816, with the building of Fort Armstrong.
Īvande Manor, also called Lielīvande Manor, is a manor house in Īvande parish in Kuldīga municipality in the historical region of Courland, in western Latvia.
After the American use of the base ended, it was turned over to the Italian Air Force for its use.
Arippu Fort was built by the Portuguese and was handed over to the Dutch in 1658.
After the Mongols captured the citadel in 1258, the importance of Erbil declined.
The most important component of the Wyoming Air National Guard is the 153d Airlift Wing.
The Miami Beach Training Center was a United States Air Force facility.
Prospect Camp, also referred to as Prospect Garrison, was the main infantry camp of the Bermuda Garrison.
According to the maps, one side wall was 80 m long and the other two walls were 42 m in length.
Bhujia Fort, also spelled as Bhujiya Fort, is a fort located in the outskirts of the town of Bhuj in the district of Kutch, Gujarat, India.
Each Battalion area has company dining facilities, orderly rooms, Officer/Enlisted barracks, a supply building, and a Battalion HQ building.
Originally built in the middle of the 18th century, red brick outer walls were added during the 19th century.
Beneath its folds assemble now, and fight with might and main,
The battery stands on the site of two emplacements originally constructed under General Edward Cornwallis between 1762–77.
The stamps are perforated  12 1⁄2 × 13 and were printed by Ashton-Potter Limited based on the designs by Rolf P. Harder.
Pedro Carujo was imprisoned in the fort after attempting to kill Simón Bolívar in 1828.
The site is now known as Bentwaters Parks.
The site was of some importance during the German invasion of Norway in April 1940 and the subsequent Norwegian Campaign.
The host unit at Fairchild is the 92d Air Refueling Wing assigned to the Air Mobility Command's Eighteenth Air Force.
Today there is a ruin with barely visible defense works and the stone base of the former tower.
It was named in honor of pilot and Boston surgeon, Lt. Frank "Jesse" Otis.
This airport should not be confused with the W.K.
The abandoned Fort de Sucy was purchased by Sucy-en-Brie in 1970.
Ōno Castle, also known as Kameyama Castle, is a mountaintop castle, or yamashiro, located in Ōno, former Echizen Province, today a part of Fukui Prefecture, Japan.
It was held at various times by the Wallace, Cochrane and Montgomerie families.
The Allies captured the site a few days before July 4, 1944, and both Dwight Eisenhower and Winston Churchill subsequently visited the facility.
The castle was captured again by the English in 1296 and again in 1303.
Castle Rising is a ruined medieval fortification in the village of Castle Rising, Norfolk, England.
Trek organisers also commend the views of Pawna dam and the nearby forts of Tung, Lohagad and Visapur.
During World War II, the United States Army Air Forces established one airfield in Rhode Island for training pilots and aircrews of USAAF fighters and bombers.
The average height is from seven to ten feet.
Colonel Storck was awarded the Silver Star posthumously for his gallantry in action near Raids, France from July 17 to 25, 1944.
The first stage was built from 1731–40 and subsequent construction began in the 1740s.
Bab al-Azizia "The Splendid Gate" is a military barracks and compound, situated in the southern suburbs of Tripoli, the capital of Libya.
The palace used to be one of the most luxurious residences in the Duchy, lagging not much behind the Royal Palace.
Abergavenny's town walls are a sequence of defensive walls built around the town of Abergavenny in Monmouthshire, Wales.
It can be visited with permission from the owners.
It began operations the next year as the San Francisco Naval Shipyard, and operated until 1974 when it was deactivated and renamed Hunters Point Naval Shipyard.
Unlike seven of the nine Namur forts, Émines was never upgraded to become part of the fortified position of Namur.
Fort Batenstein was a fort and trading post established by the Dutch on the Gold Coast in 1656.
The area formerly occupied by the stables and battery is now heavily industrialized.
These block houses serve as bastions to a regular fortification of four sides.
It is one of the 20 surf stations in the Coast Guard.
During the war, the 753rd Railway Shop Battalion was stationed at Camp Millard.
It was closed in 1968 by the Air Force, and turned over to the Federal Aviation Administration.
Its permanent population has been as follows, each year 1 January: 2002:106 inhabitants;2007:95 inh.
At the eastern end of the Lines, Queen's Advance and Queen's Lookout provide views out over the isthmus between Gibraltar and Spain.
Following the successful German surprise attack on Eben-Emael, Battice held out against the Germans until 22 May 1940.
The fort is closely associated with Raja Tej Singh, who unsuccessfully revolted against the Nawab of Arcot and eventually lost his life in a battle.
It was patrolled by 50,000 armed East German guards who faced tens of thousands of West German, British and US guards and soldiers.
Lane Army Airfield is a former United States Army base west of Qui Nhơn in Bình Định Province, Vietnam.
In the 21st century it is still used by the Partnership as a corporate hotel for their employees and retired staff.
It operates patrol boats along the coast of Cape Cod, the Cape Cod Canal, and the treacherous waters of Buzzards Bay.
The remains of the tower's scarped base, as well as the general outline of the entrenchment, can still be seen.
It is a cluster of airfields located in a remote stretch of Iraq's western desert, about 435 kilometers from Baghdad in western Iraq.
Anthony Lagman, a soldier from Yonkers, N.Y. who was killed in action in 2004.
Bodiam Castle is a 14th-century moated castle near Robertsbridge in East Sussex, England.
In January 1599 the Portuguese erected a tranqueira on the site.
The initial government reports indicated that only thirteen rebels were killed at Wariyapola and a further nine rebels executed and buried within Fort MacDowall.
There have been various incidents in and around the DMZ, with military and civilian casualties on both sides.
Ouvrage La Moutière is a lesser work of the Maginot Line's Alpine extension, the Alpine Line at an altitude of 2440 meters.
The Radar Station was opened in December 1940.
Kalinjar is located in Banda District of Uttar Pradesh state, near the temple-city and World Heritage Site of Khajuraho.
Fort Cox near Middledrift in the Eastern Cape, South Africa was a frontier fort in the Amatola Mountains on a loop of the Keiskamma River.
Liberal Army Airfield was a World War II B-24 Liberator heavy bomber training base of the United States Army Air Forces Second Air Force.
Mid-Canada Line Site 050 Fort Albany was a part of the Mid-Canada Line air defence network.
This 17th-century building is thatched and has period furnishings.
Aubin-Neufchâteau has been preserved and may be visited by the public.
The region was often at risk from the Scots, and in 1388 the castle was captured and sacked.
Though now in ruins, Ralph Henry Bassett describes the fort as a "very strongly fortified fort" in his book Romantic Ceylon: Its History, Legend, and Story.
It was constructed in the 1680s and saw 62 years of service.
The sound between Christiansø and Frederiksø, a well-sheltered natural harbour, is crossed by a pedestrian bridge that is pulled aside to accommodate larger vessels.
The Aragonese Castle of the Ischia is open all year round, every day of the week, from 9am till sunset.
However the other USAAF support commands; Air Transport Command or Troop Carrier Command) commanded a significant number of airfields in a support roles.
It was closed in 1978 by the Air Force, and turned over to the Federal Aviation Administration.
There are several Turkmen neighbourhoods within and around the citadel, such as Topkapi, Helvacilar, Hamam, Agalik, Yedi Kizlar, and Zindan.
When the Americans pulled out the airfield was abandoned.
Amer is a town with an area of 4 square kilometres located 11 kilometres from Jaipur, the capital of Rajasthan.
The wall itself is much older and was constructed in 1540 at the command of Philip II of Spain.
It is the central component of Fortress Saint-Maurice in terms of both its position and its military power.
Stalag VIII-C was a German World War II prisoner-of-war camp, near Sagan, Germany,.
It was built between 1843 and the early 20th century to defend France against invasion from Italy and Savoy.
Qolla l-Bajda Battery is an artillery battery in Żebbuġ, Gozo, Malta.
The 19th century saw continued building work by the castle's occupants, including the entrepreneur Colonel William Waugh, who erected various Jacobethan-styled extensions.
The walls are 1.3 km long and include 21 towers and three gatehouses.
Keskpolügoon or the Central training area is the main military training field of the six areas used by the Estonian Defence Forces.
The first time they were mentioned was in August 1863.
Peveril Castle became less important administratively, and by 1609 it was "very ruinous and serveth for no use".
344th Bombardment Squadron, 21 August-11 November 1942, B-24 Liberator
The Royal Hampshire Regiment Museum reopened at Serle's House in 2004.
It is one of the largest military bases in Sri Lanka.
Aviano Air Base is a NATO base in northeastern Italy, in the Friuli-Venezia Giulia region.
This came to nothing with the defeat of France by Prussia in 1870-71.
After troops left for good, the old fort was occupied for a time by two families.
Redford Barracks was built between 1909 and 1915 by the War Office and designed by Harry Bell Measures.
Bethel Air Force Station is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station.
Pontrilas Army Training Area is a British Army training camp, located just north of the village of Ewyas Harold near to Pontrilas in Herefordshire, England.
[Tipu Sultan’s] government had reduced them one third part, and the whole was entirely destroyed during the invasion of General Meadows.
On 23 February 1800, the battery fired across the harbour, hitting a ferry boat that was discharging passengers at Birgu, killing many civilians.
During World War II it was used to mount a defence electric light, which was removed in the late 20th century.
Unusual to estates in Latvia, an earlier 18th century manor house still stands nearby.
The palace was the residence of the Rajput Maharajas and their families.
It was the home of the Dalyngrigge family and the centre of the manor of Bodiam.
It became obsolete following the construction of Fort Campbell in 1938.
The station closed in 1994, though the Ministry of Defence retained it as a strategic reserve.
The church was once intended as an assembly hall for the Riksdag in times of troubles.
It was commissioned on April 30, 2012.
The village contained Fort Meductic, which the Maliseet had built before the arrival of the French to defend against Mohawk attacks.
20 forts forming this new system were constructed between 1883 and 1890.
Biksti Manor is an architectural manor house located in the historical region of Zemgale, in Latvia.
The site is flat and somewhat oval shaped.
Mahee Castle, also known as Nendrum Castle, is a small ruined tower house near Nendrum Monastery on Mahee Island in Strangford Lough, County Down, Northern Ireland.
It was located 0.7 miles North of Saints, in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
It eventually reverted to the use it had seen in the 1920s, as a summer camp for school children from Frankfurt.
Construction came to a sudden halt in 1944 as the threat of invasion receded, even though work on the bunkers was nearly complete.
It overlooks the Scottish town of Dumbarton, and sits on a plug of volcanic basalt known as Dumbarton Rock which is 240 feet high.
The castle saw service during both the First and Second World Wars, but in 1956, by now obsolete, it was decommissioned.
Constructed during a period of tension with France, its location on marshy ground caused problems from the start and led to a lengthy construction process.
In 1993, the building was renovated into an office building and was successful with the presence of Premiere Global Services as its main tenant.
Museums and memorials along the old border commemorate the division and reunification of Germany and, in some places, preserve elements of the fortifications.
It is reported that the basement was triangular in shape, which led to it being built as a nearly triangle shaped fort.
Troops remained until at least early June 1865.
A line of palisades, twelve feet high, at the distance of thirty feet, inclosed the whole, and descended to the river.
It has satellite stations at RAF Topcliffe and RAF Dishforth.
The centre mast has a height of 301 metres, the masts on the inner ring measure 276.4 metres, that on the outer ring measure 227.4 metres.
Buonconsiglio Castle is a castle in Trento, northern Italy.
The base occupies 51,558 acres and employs over 23,000 people, including more than 4,200 active duty and 1,000 Guard, plus 3,200 part-time Reserve personnel.
It was listed as a Monument historique in 1862 and is now open to the public.
Hougoumont, which had become dilapidated, was fully restored in time for the 200th anniversary of the battle and opened to the public on 18 June 2015.
An entrenchment with two redans was built around it in 1761.
Neidpath Castle is an L-plan rubble-built tower house, overlooking the River Tweed about 1 mile west of Peebles in the Borders of Scotland.
At least five officers stationed at the camp became well known in the upcoming Civil War.
Göllheim Airfield is a former military airfield, located 4.2 km west-southwest of Göllheim in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
The walls never proved very successful as defensive structures, and were easily breached on more than one occasion.
INS Kadamba is an Indian Navy base located near Karwar in Karnataka.
Today, the fort remains mostly intact but in a dilapidated state, and it is used as a filming location and a tank cleaning facility.
Inchdrewer Castle is a 16th-century tower house in the parish of Banff, Aberdeenshire, in the northeast of Scotland.
Operation Tracer was the brainchild of Rear Admiral John Henry Godfrey, the Director of the Naval Intelligence Division of the British Admiralty.
Fort Gordon, formerly known as Camp Gordon, is a United States Army installation established in 1917.
The Maunsell Forts are armed towers built in the Thames and Mersey estuaries during the Second World War to help defend the United Kingdom.
It was open between 1941 and 1946 and was built on the site of a former First World War airfield.
Ferme des Greves Aerodrome was a temporary World War I airfield in France.
It was constructed in September 1861 to command the approach to Alexandria by the Four Mile Run valley and was itself protected by nearby Battery Garesche.
The outlines of the earthworks were still visible then.
It took part in the English Civil War and continued to be armed until the early 18th century, but fell into ruin.
INS Kalinga was commissioned on 21 November 1985.
A new structure for the Sērmūkši school was built in 1936 on the site of the former manor house.
During World War II, parts of the fortress complex were used by the Nazi Germany for detention, interrogation, and execution.
From 1899 the obsolete RML guns were removed and replaced by 6-inch guns and 4.7-inch guns.
It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
In the Middle Ages, Ktenia often changed hands between Bulgaria and Byzantium.
The Norcon pillbox is a type of hardened field fortification built in Britain during the invasion crisis of 1940–1941.
Gaza Ridge Barracks is an Australian Army base in the suburb of Bandiana, located about 5 kilometres to the east of Wodonga, Victoria.
It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
30 km north of Colombo, that was built by the Portuguese to defend Colombo.
Capuchin Convent Battery, also known as Kalkara Battery, was an artillery battery in Kalkara, Malta, built by Maltese insurgents during the French blockade of 1798-1800.
It was built between 1888 and 1892 according to the plans of General Henri Alexis Brialmont.
It was built by the Principality of Antioch out of ashlar.
After the end of the Cold war, CFS Carp was decommissioned and the antenna site was no longer needed.
On November 10, 1942 it was officially renamed "Durand Airfield" to honor of MIA P-39 pilot Edward D. Durand missing on a mission against Lae.
The barracks and enclosing walls were built with loopholes for musket firing, and bastion towers were built at opposite corners.
It was built to protect the important port city Salvador from threats; the city had the largest number of forts during the colonial period of Brazil.
The site sees about 6000 visitors each year.
Nichols Field was a U.S. military airfield located south of Manila in Pasay and Parañaque, Metro Manila, Luzon, the Philippines.
After the war, the airfield appears to have been abandoned.
It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
It is popularly known as the "Forte do Mar".
It was closed after the war, in late 1945.
Haughley Castle was a medieval castle situated in the village of Haughley, some 4 kilometres north-west of the town of Stowmarket, Suffolk.
The saddle was occupied by the artillery.
Built at the beginning of the 19th century, it currently houses the Vandzene secondary school.
It is thought to have been built shortly after the 1066 invasion of England by William the Conqueror.
The Fort de Koenigsmacker is a fortification located to the northeast of Thionville in the Moselle department of France.
The first and second Southport Gates were constructed at present day Trafalgar Road in 1552 and 1883, respectively.
The site was on Brooklyn Heights, near present-day Pierrepont and Henry Streets, about four blocks from Fort Stirling.
Europa Advance Batteries were a group of three artillery batteries in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
The Wasserschloss Taufkirchen is a moated castle in Taufkirchen, Bavaria.
After the end of the war, the British/Canadians reclaimed Southern Ontario and Fort Malden.
Camp Peary has a sister facility, "The Point", located in Hertford, North Carolina.
Odessa Flight Strip is a former military airfield located in Odessa, Texas.
The castle is now in ruins with only a small proportion of it left standing.
Additionally, Camp Blanding serves as a training center for many ROTC units, both Army and Naval.
It is not open to the public, but is in a good state of preservation.
The Krimulda Castle is located just outside Sigulda, Sigulda municipality, Latvia and is a tourist attraction.
It employs 456 active duty personnel, 1,663 Army reservist, and 1,667 civilians.
The town of Corfu got its Western name from the twin peaks of the fortress.
West Battery is an artillery battery in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
In 1859 the battery had two guns that looked over Little Bay.
They were dug out from the solid limestone by the British during the Great Siege of Gibraltar at the end of the 18th century.
As part of the global surveillance network ECHELON, Bad Aibling is the largest listening post outside Britain and the USA.
It is unknown precisely where the airfield was actually located due to the changed landscape over the past 60 years.
Sundance Air Force Station is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station.
The castle was never conquered and was successfully defended against the King of Castile in the 13th century.
It was also known as Q–West or Key West by the various U.S. Army Forces and civilian contractors stationed there.
While the fortress was in service during the Franco-Prussian War in 1870–71, it was never involved in any battles.
Each blockhouse was constructed of logs and had port holes to be used to aim rifles outside in the event Lawrence was attacked.
The other was Fort de la Corne built two years later.
Royal Air Force Station Mendlesham or more simply RAF Mendlesham is a former Royal Air Force station located 5.5 miles east of Stowmarket, Suffolk, England
It was operated as part of the Pinetree Line network controlled by NORAD.
RAF Ludford Magna was a Royal Air Force airfield operated by Bomber Command during the Second World War and the Cold War.
It serves as the Headquarters of the Southern Naval Command.
The majority of these airfields were located in rural farmland, near small farming towns.
The Alcazaba of Badajoz is an ancient Moorish citadel in Badajoz, Extremadura, western Spain.
Naval Base Ventura County is a United States Navy base located near Oxnard, California.
It was built near the village of Uxegney between 1883 and 1885.
It was also known as USAAF station 590.
Vandzene Manor is a manor house in the historical region of Courland, in western Latvia.
A test of San Marco Scout rocket, in 1992, was less successful.
The castle remained abandoned until Lady Anne Clifford restored the property between 1659 and 1661, using it as one of her northern country homes.
Ouvrage Bois-du-Four is a lesser work in the Fortified Sector of the Crusnes of the Maginot Line.
Sahl Sinjar Air Base is a former Iraqi Air Force base in the Nineveh Governorate of Iraq.
It is the Russian equivalent of the United States Space Surveillance Network.
The 31st Fighter Group based three squadrons of Supermarine Spitfires at the airfield from 7 to 12 April 1943.
It covers 12 miles south west to north east and 5 miles south east to north west.
417th Bombardment Squadron 29 May 1943 – 24 March 1944
Alnarp Castle is located in Alnarp, Lomma Municipality, Scania, approximately 10 km north of Malmö in southern Sweden.
Extensive pleasure gardens were built within the castle and older parts redesigned to allow visitors to enjoy the resulting views.
Occupying the site of the first Wright Flying School, it was named in honor of Second Lieutenant William C. Maxwell, a native of Atmore, Alabama.
It was subsequently abandoned and can be visited by the public.
Tents were used for billeting and also for support facilities.
Dunure Castle is located on the west coast of Scotland, in South Ayrshire, about 5 miles south of Ayr and close to the village of Dunure.
Occupying a commanding position at the head of Portsmouth Harbour, in the medieval period Portchester was an important port.
Kacenštajn Castle comprises, together with St. Ursula's Church, the old center of the village of Begunje in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
It was situated in the fork of the A73 and A70 trunk roads, close to Lanark Racecourse.
Guthrie Air Force Station is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station.
Glamis Castle has been the home of the Lyon family since the 14th century, though the present building dates largely from the 17th century.
The Raigad Ropeway, an aerial tramway exists to reach the top of the fort in 10 minutes.
Though named after the nearby village of Senne, it was actually closer to the town of Schloß Holte-Stukenbrock, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
It was named by the Americans after North Vietnamese president Hồ Chí Minh.
The ouvrage consists of one entry block, one infantry block, one artillery block, one observation block and one combination block.
The fort was built within cannon-shot distance to the Dutch Fort Vredenburgh.
Being an island fort, it is also called Jaldurg or Janjire-Arnala.
Hội An Base Camp was a Republic of Korea Marine Corps and Army of the Republic of Vietnam base located in Hội An in central Vietnam.
The walls of the Upper Fortress are higher than of the other parts.
The range facility is located in South Australia, in that State's north-west pastoral region.
The Fort is under the supervision of the West Point Museum Director, David M. Reel and is operated by the United States Army Garrison, West Point.
Originally a possession of the Clutinck family, the castle later changed ownership several times until it finally was sold in 1973.
It was constructed in 1890 at the former site of a watchtower that had earned the name O'Hara's Folly.
Due to the succession of strategic French and British forts at this location, the site was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1923.
Extensive wartime relics can be found in the area as well as the former airfield.
Lucius D. Clay Kaserne is a US military complex located southeast of the city of Wiesbaden, Hesse, Germany.
99th Bombardment Group, 4 August-11 December 1943, B-17 Flying Fortress
The Marine Corps Brig, a military prison, is also located at Quantico.
It was decommissioned in 1956 and remains derelict today.
Mittelwerk was a German World War II factory built underground in the Kohnstein to avoid Allied bombing.
It also maintains 25 ranges, 21 training areas, and 15 maneuver areas on nearly 5,000 acres of land.
They were first laid out in 1720, and a stone stepped communication passage was later built to connect them with the Queen's Lines.
The indigenous population consisted of about 50–300 Nenetses who subsisted mainly on fishing, trapping, reindeer herding, polar bear hunting and seal hunting.
It is located on the southern coast of Puerto Rico.
It is located 625 miles southwest of Anchorage, Alaska.
Fort San Sebastian located in Shama, Ghana is the third oldest fortification in Ghana.
The inscription is around 1500 years old.
This 60-foot high western gate of the city wall is the largest surviving city gate in England.
The other remaining buildings serve as the York Castle Museum and the Crown Court.
It currently houses the Zemīte primary school.
Most estimates of German deaths in these camps range from 3,000 to 10,000.
A few structures of the fourteenth century remain, while the outer defences fronting the town date from the early eighteenth century.
It is a key part of the Russian early warning system against missile attack and is run by the Russian Aerospace Defence Forces.
It houses the RAF Centre of Aviation Medicine, the Joint Arms Control Implementation Group, the Signals Museum and 616 Volunteer Gliding Squadron.
Its geographic location provides rapid access to the deep water ports of Tacoma, Olympia and Seattle for deploying equipment.
It was built between 1876 and 1888 by the British as part of a chain of fortifications intended to protect Marsaxlokk Harbour.
U.S. attempts to interdict this system began in 1969.
Canadian Forces Station Kamloops is a closed General Surveillance Radar station.
The Gingee Fort complex is on three hillocks: Krishnagiri to the north, Rajagiri to the west and Chandrayandurg to the southeast.
There are also stories that allege that Bhuvanaikabahu VII was assassinated by the Portuguese when he visited the Malwana fort.
It is located at Europa Point and includes the Europa Sunken Magazine that is now used as a visitor centre.
Originally located on the coastline of Table Bay, following land reclamation the fort is now located inland.
The Trust Territory comprised about 2,000 islands spread over 3,000,000 square miles of the North Pacific Ocean.
Illustrated in Valvasor's 1689 Glory of the Duchy of Carniola, it was built in the mid-17th century by the noble house of Steinberg.
St Briavels Castle became used primarily as a court and as a notorious debtors' prison, conditions being documented by the prison reformer John Howard in 1775.
It was described as 'ruinous, old, useless and never of any strength' in 1688 but seems to have been garrisoned by Argyll's troops in 1690.
Suhara Castle is a Ryukyuan gusuku in Kumejima, Okinawa, on Kume Island.
Naval Air Station Quonset Point was a United States Naval Base in Quonset Point, Rhode Island that was deactivated in 1974.
Today, the Infantry Barracks are unoccupied, and the Cavalry Barracks houses Balaclava Company, 5th Battalion The Royal Regiment of Scotland.
First Fort Bourbon was at the mouth of the Saskatchewan River on Lake Winnipeg.
Follonica Airfield is an abandoned World War II military airfield in Italy, located in the vicinity of Follonica in Tuscany; about 180 km northwest of Rome.
The castle is a Grade II* listed building as at 19 November 1953.
The Kraków Barbican is a barbican – a fortified outpost once connected to the city walls.
The coalition at Kekionga remained true to their British allies even after the area was ceded to the United States at the close of the war.
However, it has been decommissioned and guns are no longer present.
It was headquartered in Durban, South Africa.
It is located just outside the capital of Estonia, Tallinn, in Kiili and Saku municipalities.
The house is unique in that it is regarded as one of the first brick buildings in England.
A key military base of the Irish Defence Forces, it is the headquarters of 2 Brigade, and houses the Military Archives of the Department of Defence.
The fort was part of the Swiss Border Line defenses, built between 1938 and 1941.
It is a prominent landmark in New York Harbor.
RAF Little Horwood was established during World War II, and is located on the site of Greenway Farm in Aylesbury Vale, north east Buckinghamshire.
His technical achievements and illustrations of equipment at Otter Cliffs during the war were documented in detail in the Proceedings of the IRE.
Fort Tilden Historic District is located on the Rockaway Peninsula, between Jacob Riis Park to the east and Breezy Point Tip to the west.
Oflag II-C Woldenburg was a German World War II prisoner-of-war camp located about 1 kilometre from the town of Woldenberg, Brandenburg.
However the other USAAF support commands; Air Transport Command or Troop Carrier Command) commanded a significant number of airfields in a support roles.
The sides are overgrown in places with prickly pear especially on the north-west corner.
Woodford's Battery was an artillery battery in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
The castle was decommissioned in 1642 during the English Civil War and has been largely destroyed through coastal erosion.
In 1962, the fort was the stronghold of an uprising led by several commanders in the city.
Fort Énet is a fortification in the Pertuis d'Antioche in Charente-Maritime, France.
The inner German border was the border between the German Democratic Republic and the Federal Republic of Germany from 1949 to 1990.
Russia has a new Voronezh radar in Armavir which covers the same region as Gabala.
The Fort de la Fraternité is a fort located on the îlot du Diable in Roscanvel, France.
The residents of Washington County and two other counties requested aid from the military, but no troops were sent.
It is still possible to find remnants of these wartime airfields.
Sansapor Airfield is a former World War II airfield located in the village of Mar, in Tambrauw Regency, West Irian Jaya Province, Indonesia.
The airfield was abandoned and dismantled after the end of the war in 1945.
The Tett turret is a type of hardened field fortification built in Britain during the invasion crisis of 1940–1941.
East Field is a former World War II airfield on Saipan in the Mariana Islands.
It once served as the centre for the Dutch administration of the county, but now only ruins are left.
Over the next two centuries it became a luxurious castle, used by royalty and their immediate family.
1700 to 1721 – Great Northern War
Three security zones surrounded the central complex where the Führer's bunker was located.
INHS Patanjali is the naval hospital of the Indian Navy at Karwar, Karnataka which was commissioned on 26 December 2006.
When the 57th moved out to Reggio on the Itralian mainland the airfield was closed and dismantled.
Fort Drum is a U.S. Army military reservation and a census-designated place in Jefferson County, New York, United States.
Joint Base Elmendorf–Richardson, or J-BER as it is known to most military members, is a United States military facility in Anchorage, the largest city in Alaska.
The priory was the final home of the Dowager Queen Adelaide, queen consort of William IV, before her death there in 1849.
Boddington was the first computerised communication centre in the 1950s when it was run by the British Army.
Camp Wellfleet is a former United States military training camp.
The term eventually was applied to all of the African-American regiments formed in 1866.
The castle saw little military action, and was, in its design, construction and use, more of a country house than a defensive structure.
Gerstner Field is a former World War I military airfield, located 11.1 miles southeast of Lake Charles, Louisiana.
Carnegie Castle was a castle that was located in Angus, Scotland.
Near the temple there are three stone buffaloes standing around a pond.
As state militia units, the units in the Utah Air National Guard are not in the normal United States Air Force chain of command.
His most significant success was the Siege of Pemaquid.
The host wing for the installation is the Texas Air National Guard's 147th Reconnaissance Wing.
However the other USAAF support commands; Air Transport Command or Troop Carrier Command) commanded a significant number of airfields in a support roles.
It is now a museum, part of the Royal Museums for Art and History.
Bishopton Castle was a medieval castle in Bishopton Village, County Durham, England.
Condover was used to train fighter pilots by the RAF and the USAAF as well as pilots and air navigators from Australia, South Africa and Canada.
53d Fighter Squadron, 7 January-8 June 1943
São Marcelo Fort, formally known as Forte de Nossa Senhora do Pópulo e São Marcelo is located in Salvador in Bahia, Brazil.
The magazine was camouflaged and protected by a thick layer of soil.
On December 2, 1948, the Air Force directed the Army Corps of Engineers to proceed with construction of this and the other twenty-three sites.
The forts had been built at the end of the 19th century to defend the western border of Kingdom of Prussia.
NAS Whiting Field provides training for U.S. Navy, U.S. Marine Corps, Coast Guard, and Air Force student pilots, as well as those of several allied nations.
The base was named in honor of World War I Army pilot First Lieutenant John Harold Buckley.
It is located 1.3 miles southeast of North Texas Regional Airport, Texas.
It is known in Armenian as Levonkla after its possible founder—King Leo I the Magnificent of the Armenian Kingdom of Cilicia.
It never saw military action because the Soviet offensive in 1944 was stopped at the VKT-line on the Karelian Isthmus.
It was once a stronghold of the O'Donnell's, Lords of Tyrconnell.
However, the first site became known as Old Camp Warner.
Much of the land is used as a site for holiday bungalows.
It was a short lived operation as CFS Whitehorse closed in 1968.
It is still possible to find remnants of these wartime airfields.
After the Battle of France ended in May, 1940, Chambley-Bussieres was abandoned as an air base and returned to agricultural use.
In the 18th and 19th century it was a popular destination for painters interested in Sublime and Picturesque landscapes.
The camp was designated Stalag XX-A and located in the Friesack area, Brandenburg region.
The fort was built by the Madurai Nayak king Muthu Krishnappa Nayak in 1605.
Originally built in the 18th century, it was remodeled for the owner Baron von Behr in 1837.
It was occupied by International Security Assistance Force forces from the United Kingdom and Denmark as part of Task Force Helmand during Operation Herrick.
The Schelmentoren in Heerlen is a Medieval Building that has served as a defendable living tower for the Here van Are and their successors.
Lainshaw House is a category B listed mansion, lying in a prominent position above the Annick Water and its holm in the Parish of Stewarton, Scotland.
The cycle was repeated for World War II.
The airfield has an FAA approved instrument approach.
Presidio San Agustín del Tucsón was a presidio located within Tucson, Arizona.
Mamo Tower, also known as San Tommaso Tower, is a fortified residence in Marsaskala, Malta.
The building of the Friese Waterlinie started around 1580.
It is located in the town of Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki in district Modlin on the Narew river, some 50 kilometres north of Warsaw.
Block 1 was destroyed by the Germans before retreating in the face of American advances in 1945.
A proposal to turn it into a casemated fort was dropped for being too expensive.
Ubaydah Bin Al Jarrah Air Base is a former Iraqi Air Force base in the Wasit Governorate of Iraq.
It is close to the boundary of the Elazığ province.
Naval Support Activity New Orleans was a United States Navy installation until September 2011.
Soon after Price left the area troops were sent to garrison Trading Post again.
The Melbourne property was then demolished and used as a source for building materials.
Page Field Army Airfield is an inactive United States Army Air Forces base, approximately 4 miles south of Fort Myers, Florida.
The École des troupes aéroportées, or School of Airborne Troops, is a military school dedicated to training the military paratroopers of the French army.
Battice is nearly as large as the more famous Fort Eben-Emael.
It was named James Park School in honour of recently retired Air Vice-Marshal Arthur Lorne James.
Khmeimim Air Base, also Hmeimim Air Base is a Syrian airbase currently operated by Russia, located south-east of the city of Latakia in Latakia Governorate, Syria.
Balana fort is turned into remnant and it is managed by Archaeological Department.
AOSB is commanded by the President AOSB, a Colonel in the British Army.
It was demolished by the British military in 1915 to clear the line of fire of modern fortifications.
It is unclear whether the British ever really utilized Petit Fort; at best it was a station for British fur traders.
In the late 1960s, the Canadian military was reorganized and eventually unified.
In 1914 the fort was heavily bombarded by German artillery in the Battle of Namur.
It accommodated 126 soldiers, 4 non-commissioned officers, and 2 officers.
The castle sits atop Castle Hill, an intrusive crag, which forms part of the Stirling Sill geological formation.
The airport had 640,790 passenger boardings in calendar year 2010, a decrease of 8.5% from the 700,592 enplanements in 2009.
The fortifications had a significant impact in the fighting for the defence of the city in 1941.
Following its capture, Sambhaji ordered the strengthening of the fortifications, initiating the construction of the tower.
It was used by the United States Army Air Force Twelfth Air Force during the North African Campaign against the German Afrika Korps.
Mica Peak Air Force Station is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station.
Northeast Cape Air Force Station is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station.
The ouvrage consists of two infantry blocks, and is located between the gros ouvrages of Hackenberg and Mont des Welches, facing Germany, just north of Kemplich.
Originally known as Ingstadkleiven Fort, it was built between 1908–1910 as a border fort as a defence against the perceived threat of a Swedish invasion.
Ouvrage La Ferté, also known as Ouvrage Villy-La Ferté, is a petit ouvrage of the Maginot Line, located in the Fortified Sector of Montmédy, facing Belgium.
The tower is now incorporated within the grounds of the Corinthia Hotel St George's Bay.
Its site was originally occupied by a medieval watch post.
John Crichton-Stuart, the 3rd Marquess of Bute, inherited the castle in 1848.
Little Norway, officially Flyvåpnenes Treningsleir, was a Norwegian Army Air Service/Royal Norwegian Air Force training camp in southern Ontario during the Second World War.
Located about 1 mile south of Peray, the United States Army Air Force established a temporary airfield on 20 August 1944.
The building was part of an army base between 1870 and 1993.
It is also called Gorey Castle by English-speakers, and lé Vièr Châté by Jèrriais-speakers.
For a time all the residents of Rockville lived inside the stockade.
Its thick walls have openings for cannons.
Prior to 1940, the airport was used as the Orlando Municipal Airport, and served primarily commercial flights from its construction in 1929 to 1940.
When completed, the barracks was the largest military installation built in Scotland since Fort George in the Highlands.
Today, the airfield is now reclaimed by agriculture, with little or no evidence of its existence.
During World War II, the United States Army Air Forces established numerous airfields in South Dakota for training pilots and aircrews of USAAF fighters and bombers.
Brisebois, when he first arrived to establish a police post at the Bow and Elbow in 1874, found remains of an old fort.
Today the location of the airfield is undetermined due to the large amount of urban growth in the area.
Quantrill did this to keep his involvement in the plot from Stewart.
Tanambogo and Gavutu were connected by causeway.
It is one of the forts of the second belt of forts around Lyon and more generally the Séré de Rivières fort system.
Due to the bad conditions in which they were housed, thousands died there of hunger, disease, or were killed by the guards.
The military town for the station is called Usolye-Sibirskoye-7.
The fort was heavily bombarded by German artillery in the Battle of Liège.
In late 1594 Portuguese forces, led by Jerónimo de Azevedo, captured the town of Kalutara.
The Retrenched Barracks was a fortified barracks located at Windmill Hill in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
Johann von Eicks had a small territory with its own jurisdiction.
Only insignificant ruins of the Bakhtrioni fortress have survived.
Service Flying Training Schools provided advanced training to pilots who had graduated from Elementary Flying Training Schools.
Saint-Laurent-sur-Mer is an abandoned World War II military airfield, which is located near the commune of Saint-Laurent-sur-Mer in the Normandy region of northern France.
It was established in 1496, at the mouth of the Yodo River, on the coast of the Seto Inland Sea.
It is located 7.1 miles west-northwest of Alpena, Michigan.
Cameron Barracks stands on Knockentinnel Hill on the eastern outskirts of Inverness in Scotland.
The abandoned Sahuarita Flight Strip is located in the southwestern corner of the range, and was used as an emergency flight strip until 1978.
It was used as a base by American forces in the Battle of Tal Afar in 2005.
Note also the presence of toilet facilities, which at the time of Vauban were still a privilege.
The design of the castle is unusual for the period, and is only seen elsewhere in blockhouses along the River Thames.
Its walls follow the line of the mountain.
It originally mounted eight 7-inch Armstrong Rifled Breech Loading guns, but by 1886 these had been replaced by eight 64 Pounder Rifled Muzzle Loading guns.
Bruce and his men laid siege to the castle before massacring the English Garrison to prevent its use by the English troops of Edward II.
Additional blocks were planned but not built.
This new castle was largely destroyed in 1173 by Henry II, although the huge motte, the second largest man-made mound in England, remained intact.
In World War II the Army used parts of Camp Hammelburg for Oflag XIII-B.
It leads out to the path down to Girvi, a village in the plains below and it probably formed the communication with Phaltan.
The Fortress of Deva is a fortress located in the city of Deva, Hunedoara County, Romania, on top of a volcanic hill.
It had been the home of the Barons of Culcreuch since 1699, and was turned into a hotel, venue and visitor attraction in the 1980s.
During the construction of the Lines, an "entire human skeleton" was discovered fossilised in the rock but was blown to pieces by a miner.
By 1735, the inner town was finished and three northern bastions had been added.
It served to protect the trade routes to cities further inland such as Banyas.
Number of ancient buildings on the fort have been reduced to a mere heap of bricks.
Most are now derelict, though some have been reused for a variety of purposes including residential accommodation, cafés, storehouses and shelters for animals or the homeless.
Some detainees were flown to larger medical facilities in Iraq to receive cataract surgery.
The school's purpose was to inform personnel about various aspects of working with NATO.
An older jetty is known as the Polaris Jetty, while the newer, covered Explosive Handling Jetty is used for handling Trident warheads.
He used to keep every newly married woman with him for few days before sending to her husband.
Major Lugenbeel was appointed special agent for the Indians in the region located near Fort Colville.
Since 2014, the fort has seen some development as a tourism heritage site, reportedly attracting 36,000 visitors during 2015.
The castle passed to the Grey family until Henry Grey, 1st Duke of Suffolk was executed for treason in 1554.
During the rule of Vijayanagara Empire, Krishnadevaraya built the north entrance in celebration of one of his conquests.
The blockhouse was used to store arms and a cannon seized during an attack on nearby Lawrence.
He began refortifying the castle: the wooden outer defences were replaced with stronger, more impressive stone walls, and the large stone gatehouse was added.
After the war it was closed in 1946.
In 1685 Daniel Greysolon, Sieur du Lhut built a post nearby.
Launceston Castle formed the administrative centre of the new earldom of Cornwall, with a large community packed within the walls of its bailey.
The Fort de Bois-d'Arcy, also called the Batterie de Bois-d'Arcy, is one of the forts constructed at the end of the 19th century to defend Paris.
Besides its military role, the fort also served as storage for part of the Swedish gold reserve for over 40 years.
Royal Air Force Cranage or more simply RAF Cranage is a former Royal Air Force station operated during the Second World War.
Fort Saint Michael was a fort in the land front of the city of Senglea, Malta.
The facility was built and accepted by DND in 1994, without munitions storage facilities.
The fort received 75mm anti-aircraft guns in 1915.
It was located 1.9 miles SSW of Autreville-sur-la-Renne, in the Haute-Marne department in the Champagne-Ardenne region in northeastern France.
The ouvrage lies between the towns of Montlibert and Thonne-le-Thil.
The center operates 58 aerodynamic and propulsion wind tunnels, rocket and turbine engine test cells, space environmental chambers, arc heaters, ballistic ranges and other specialized units.
It has been listed as a Historic monument since 1989.
Alnwick Castle is a castle and stately home in Alnwick in the English county of Northumberland.
On March 31, 1870, the building and all the county records burned.
It lies close to the shore opposite the town square, in St. George's Harbour.
Jim Lane's Fort, sometimes called Fort Jim Lane, was built in August 1856 in Holton, Kansas.
The castle has also been known as Hempisfield Tower.
As usual there is a curtain of solid masonry inside.
Bowerham Barracks was a military installation in Lancaster.
The 124 FW operates the A-10 Thunderbolt II aircraft.
Since there were no airborne parachute landings during the Salareno invasion, it likely ferried supplies and personnel.
The base was established by the RAF and was later handed over to RCyAF.
It is located on Fort Lawton in the Magnolia neighborhood of northwest Seattle, Washington.
Today, the fort is operated as Fort Foote Park, which is maintained by the U.S. National Park Service as part of the National Capital Parks-East system.
The Port Moresby Airfield Complex was a World War II military airfield complex, built near Port Moresby, Papua and New Guinea.
After 1712 the castle was allowed to decay, and much of it has disappeared.
The fortification was built by Kahim of the Siddis in 1680 CE.
HQ, 64th Fighter Wing, 1 September-7 October 1943
Strengthened by Sir James Hamilton of Finnart in the mid-16th century, the castle became one of the most advanced artillery fortifications of its time in Scotland.
It was a forward outpost, located on St. Lawrence Island in the Bering Sea, between Alaska and Siberia, 137 miles southwest of Nome, Alaska.
Portland Castle is an artillery fort constructed by Henry VIII on the Isle of Portland, Dorset, between 1539 and 1541.
Parcels are being sold off as they are cleaned up, mostly for condominium development.
The Birkirkara Tower, also known as Għar il-Ġobon Tower, is a tower in Birkirkara, Malta.
It was captured by Coalition forces during Operation Iraqi Freedom in 2003.
By the end of September 1943, the C-47 groups had moved to Sicily and Kairouan was dismantled and abandoned.
The station was constructed as part of British efforts to strengthen the defence of the Falkland Islands following the 1982 war with Argentine forces.
They were then moved out to other camps, the Commonwealth flying personnel to Stalag Luft III Sagan, others to Oflag XXI-C Ostrzeszów.
Between 1959 and 1985, decommissioning of ammunition took place in Grauerort.
It nevertheless was used by the AAF Western Flying Training Command as a processing and training field.
It works passively, picking up radio transmissions from spacecraft and satellites which it can use to locate them, and to discern other things about them.
It appears to have been a staging airfield for Operation Avalanche.
The new plan was developed by Captain Joop Haex, the later Dutch State Secretary for Defence.
A portion of the property was reopened in 1984 as the Minot Communications Site and served until 1997.
Landing Zone East is a former U.S. Army base west of Tam Kỳ, Quảng Nam Province, Vietnam.
It is a Grade I listed building.
The Fort de Bourlémont, or Fort Choiseul, was built between 1878 and 1881.
The poet Aleksandrs Čaks worked there as a teacher and administrator from 1925 to 1927.
It was last assigned to the United States Army Air Forces Eastern Technical Training Command.
It underwent a major preservation as a historical site in 1909, and has been continually in the process of preservation since.
On three sides it was protected by a ditch which can no longer be seen.
North Bend Air Force Station is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station.
There are about 6,000 sailors and civil service persons assigned to commands located at Naval Station Everett.
The fort was turned over to the Canadian military in 1870–71 and it is still being used by the military.
The Thirumayam Fort is a 40-acre wide fortress in the town of Thirumayam in Pudukkottai-Karaikudi Highway in Pudukkottai District, Tamil Nadu, India.
It is still possible to find remnants of these wartime airfields.
The name Novar was later changed to Evanton.
Echeverria Field is an abandoned airfield, located approximately 15 miles west of Wickenburg, Arizona.
Fort Fisher Air Force Station was a United States Air Force installation located on the Atlantic coast 0.8 miles southwest of Kure Beach, North Carolina.
The Feste Kameke, renamed Fort Déroulède by the French in 1919, is a military installation near Metz.
The Ajinkyatara fort is a major historic place of Maharashtra, and was very vital as one could keep watch over the entire South Maharashtra.
During the war it was used primarily as a transport and fighter airfield.
Today it is used as Great Bend Municipal Airport.
Fort Walsh served as the NWMP headquarters from 1878 to 1882.
Six walled positions along present day Main Street, including two batteries at Għar il-Lembi, armed with two and three guns.
During the American Civil War, Calabasas was briefly occupied by the Confederates in March 1862 before the arrival of the California Column in April.
With nearly twice as many workers as The Pentagon, Belvoir is the largest employer in Fairfax County.
Mercy-le-Bas Aerodrome, was a temporary World War I airfield in France.
The site of the fort is now where the Police Station, Public Library and the former Kachcheri are now situated.
It was involved in Operation Skyshield II in October 1961 which involved tracking "Enemy and Friendly aircraft engaged in a North American wide mock air battle.
It was the first Hudson’s Bay Company post by the Médard des Groseilliers.
Fort Randolph was located on the second Chickasaw Bluff at Randolph, Tipton County, Tennessee.
El Daba is a village and rail station about 180 km West of Alexandria by road.
It was built by the Order of Saint John in 1715–1716 as one of a series of coastal fortifications around the Maltese Islands.
It is not open to the public but corporate events are hosted there and weddings are held in the chapel.
Originally known as Gunter Field, it later became known as Gunter Air Force Station when its runways were closed and its operational flying activity eliminated.
The French crown continued to pay for repairs but after the French Revolution the buildings were abandoned and allowed to fall into ruins.
The 376th Bomber Group was composed of B-24 "Liberator" heavy bombers.
Having little use for the castle, he ordered some of its material to be stripped out for re-use, marking the beginning of its decline.
It is considered to be one of the earliest seats of Clan Sinclair.
It is located on Windmill Hill, at the southern end of the Upper Rock Nature Reserve, below observation post Fire Control South.
The left-bank section features a double line of stone walls.
Air Defense Command estimated that the Texas Towers would help extend contiguous East Coast radar coverage some 300 to 500 miles seaward.
Curlew Air Force Station is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station.
For its time it was of a modern and symmetrical design.
Kalaa Djerda Airfield is an abandoned military airfield in Tunisia approximately 40 kilometres south-southwest of El Kef and 190 kilometres southwest of Tunis.
Until 2007 the fort housed community sports organizations.
It was built on the site of a former castle around 1661 as "the last fortified house in Scotland".
Excavated by a Danish expedition between 1931 and 1938.
It is one of four surviving towers on Gozo, with the others being Xlendi Tower, Dwejra Tower and Mġarr ix-Xini Tower.
Today only the foundations remain as well as parts of the walls and of the castle gates, together with several cellars.
In 2007, the Tussauds Group merged with Merlin Entertainments, which is the current owner of Warwick Castle.
Havre Air Force Station is a Formerly Used Defense Site that was used as a Cold War general surveillance radar station.
Leeds Airport redirects here, for the private airport to the East of the city see Leeds East Airport
Its maintenance is the responsibility of Historic Scotland.
Abbot's Tower is a late-16th-century tower house situated near New Abbey, Dumfries and Galloway, Scotland.
The name Golden Hill refers not to the spectacular golden display of gorse but to an historic landowner named Gauden.
The fort was designed by Sikander Moeen and built during the reign of Emperor Jahangir.
On July 7, 1943, the site was ordered to be completed as a V-2 rocket launch facility.
64th Troop Carrier Group, 10 January-23 May 1945
Schloss Deutenhofen is a large house in Deutenhofen, a village in the municipality of Hebertshausen in Bavaria, Germany.
It was one of three forts that Europeans built in the region during the middle of the 17th century.
It has been there since 1952, although the domestic site in Boddam is now closed.
Today, the end of the southeast main runway is visible on aerial photography of the Nettuno area.
RAF Scampton stands on the site of a First World War Royal Flying Corps landing field, which had been called Brattleby.
It was previously known as Otis Air Force Base prior to its transfer from the active duty Air Force to the Air National Guard.
Kidwelly Castle is a Norman castle overlooking the River Gwendraeth and the town of Kidwelly, Carmarthenshire, Wales.
The surface area of the castle is 275,000 square metres, of which 8,000 square metres is occupied by buildings.
Miserden Castle was a castle near the village of Miserden in Gloucestershire, England.
It is located 5.2 miles north-northeast of Madera, California.
It was built in 1715–1716 by the Order of Saint John as one of a series of coastal fortifications around the Maltese Islands.
It is about 40 miles north west of central London.
The program is administered by the Foreign Military Studies Office, located at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas.
The establishment has married accommodations for officers, sailors, DSC personnel and civilians.
The Fort de Lantin is one of twelve forts built as part of the Fortifications of Liège in the late 19th century in Belgium.
The personnel of Bangladesh Army with local civilian inhabit here.The 33rd Infantry Division HQ is also located here.
It was abandoned in 1758 or 1760 with the fall of New France.
It is currently occupied by the 160 Squadron Royal Logistic Corps and Lincolnshire Army Cadet Force.
The fortifications of the Salpa Line were much stronger than those of the Mannerheim Line.
Simpson Barracks is a former military installation at Wootton in Northamptonshire, England.
The ouvrage, located on high ground in Roquebrune, consists of two artillery blocks and one combination block facing Italy.
The airfield was constructed by the IX Engineering Command, 819th Engineer Aviation Battalion.
It is also known as W. K. Kellogg Regional Airport.
The Raichur region ruled by several dynasties Mauryas, Shatavahanas, Kakatiyas, Rashtrakutas, Vijayanagar Empire, Bahmanis and Nizams, the Raichur Fort is witness for these dynasties.
The armament of the batteries changed frequently as artillery technology evolved.
Originally built by engineers from the Soviet Union in the 1950s, the airport serves the Afghan population north of the country.
The major units are the United States Army Network Enterprise Technology Command and the United States Army Intelligence Center.
It is located at the height of 1437 meters mean sea level.
Rosignano Airfield is an abandoned World War II military airfield in Italy, located near the comune of Rosignano Marittimo in the Province of Livorno in Tuscany.
Cooke had his men destroy Fort Plymouth.
Construction began in 1892 and the fort became operational in 1894.
Hanwella fort was located in Hanwella, Colombo, on the banks of the Kelani River.
It was moved three times and was called Fort John from 1814 to 1816.
It has been rehabilitated as a contemporary artists' community.
The airfield was one of the first established in the liberated area of Normandy, being constructed by the IX Engineering Command, 819th Engineer Aviation Battalion.
It was the only airport in the United States to be ranked in the top ten.
Upottery received much attention in 2001 when it appeared in the first episode of the television mini-series Band of Brothers.
It is located 1.7 miles west-southwest of Middletown, Pennsylvania.
In 2009, Andrews Air Force Base merged with Naval Air Facility Washington to form Joint Base Andrews.
United States Coast Guard Station Point Allerton is a United States Coast Guard station located in Hull, Massachusetts.
Eschwege Airfield is a former military airfield located in Germany in the northwest part of Eschwege; approximately 170 miles southwest of Berlin.
Rockville Air Force Station is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station.
Officially recorded as an historical monument, it retains all its original structural elements.
It is located 3 miles north-northwest of Naval Air Station Keflavik, Iceland.
It was a component of the Swiss Border Line of defenses.
It was designated as a Scheduled Monument in 1996 and is now in the guardianship of English Heritage.
Stalag VIII-B Lamsdorf was a notorious German Army prisoner of war camp, later renumbered Stalag-344, located near the small town of Lamsdorf in Silesia.
Roanoke Rapids Air Force Station is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station.
The Barns of Ayr was, according to Blind Harry in The Wallace, a site located at Ayr, Scotland, which was used as English military barracks.
The site was chosen because it was seen as being impregnable, as it is surrounded by sharp cliffs on three sides.
The fort is a sister fort to Fort de Caluire and Fort Duchère and Fort Saint-Jean.
Fort Pickett, is a Virginia Army National Guard installation, located near the town of Blackstone, Virginia.
The guns were refurbished in the early twenty-first century, and represent the world's only intact battery of 5.25 inch anti-aircraft guns.
RCAF Station Foymount was opened in 1952 as part of the Pinetree Line of NORAD radar stations.
It was built in 1794 to defend Upper New York Bay, but has served other purposes.
Receiving the Defense Secretary’s approval on July 21, the Air Force directed the Corps of Engineers to proceed with construction.
It is located 45-50 metres below the surface, several kilometres long approximately in a "H" shape between Kossuth tér and Szabadság tér.
The factorij was a small fortification which served as a trading post and warehouse.
Inuyama Castle is located in the city of Inuyama, Aichi Prefecture, Japan.
It was built in 1805 as part of the British anti-invasion preparations during the Napoleonic Wars.
The program will have interceptor missiles that will launch to take down intermediate-range ballistic missiles that pose a threat to the United States.
In 1928, the Achnacarry Agreement was signed, an early attempt to set petroleum production quotas.
In March 2012 it was announced that it had participated in six launches.
FNARS allows the president to access the Emergency Alert System.
Sankagiri Fort is a historical fort maintained by the Archaeological Survey of India.
The preserved Ouvrage La Salmagne is nearby to the southeast.
It is located along the Line Wall Curtain and was built to protect the Gibraltar Harbour against enemy attack.
Naval Station Great Lakes is the home of the United States Navy's only boot camp, located near North Chicago, in Lake County, Illinois.
It may have seen service in 1545 when a French fleet attacked the coast, but its operational value was short lived.
From 1999 - 2011, the base sat mostly unused, except for occasional use by military and police as a training centre.
The remains of the castle are protected as a category A listed building.
As the fort is in the higher altitude, visitors can enjoy a magnificent view of the entire Satara city.
In 1607, ninety-nine Irish chieftains and their followers, including Hugh O'Neill, set sail from Rathmullan, bound for the continent.
Ballands Castle was a castle near the village of Penselwood, Somerset, England.
The fort remains occupied by the military and is not open to the public.
Independence Army Airfield was a World War II training base of the United States Army Air Forces Central Flying Training Command.
Slighted in 1646 after the English Civil War Clun remained in poor condition until renovation work in the 1890s.
No remains of the redoubt have survived.
Schiesseck is on military land and is not visitable by the public.
Freshwater Redoubt, also known as Fort Redoubt is an old Palmerston fort built in Freshwater Bay on the western end of the Isle of Wight.
Currently, an observation platform is located atop the kurgan.
The entire position was commanded by Captain Imbault.
English Heritage maintains the site as a tourist attraction.
The surrounding Puttalam area was one of the major cinnamon cultivation areas in Sri Lanka.
Vindolanda was a Roman auxiliary fort just south of Hadrian's Wall, which it predates, in northern England.
PNS is tasked with the overhaul, repair, and modernization of US Navy submarines.
Mishaum Point Military Reservation was a coastal defense site located in Dartmouth, Massachusetts as part of the Harbor Defenses of New Bedford.
Teishebaini referring more to the hill that the fortress is located upon) was the capital of the Transcaucasian provinces of the ancient kingdom of Urartu.
Opened in 1937 it was used by both the Royal Air Force and United States Army Air Forces during the Second World War.
The Tsiatsungõlmaa training area is part of the Nursipalu training area.
The fort was active until April 1941, when it was forced to surrender to German troops.
The company's brochure shows a wooden seat suspended from the turret by a metal frame.
In 1761 during the 'Matara Rebellion' the fort was captured by Kirti Sri Rajasinha's Kandyan forces and partly destroyed.
While much of the old military buildings and infrastructure remain abandoned, many structures have been torn down for anticipated development.
RRH Staxton Wold is a Royal Air Force Remote Radar Head near Scarborough in North Yorkshire.
The center was used to train combat engineers during World War II.
During World War II, the United States Army Air Forces established numerous airfields in Tennessee for training pilots and aircrews of USAAF fighters and bombers.
Most of the extant fortifications were built by the Order of Saint John between the 16th and 18th centuries.
Forte del Santissimo Salvatore, also known as Castello del Santissimo Salvatore, is a fort in Messina, Sicily.
Nijō Castle is a flatland castle in Kyoto, Japan.
The fort, in modern times, is maintained and administered by the Archaeological Survey of India.
It is located 26.5 miles west-northwest of Las Vegas, Nevada.
In 1995, a Leslie Clan Gathering was held at Leslie Castle.
The Inundation existed for about 200 years before it was infilled and built over after the Second World War.
Mid-Canada Line Site 070 Kempis was a part of the Mid-Canada Line air defence network.
Lamesa Field is an abandoned military airfield located approximately 8 miles of south-southwest of Lamesa, Texas.
Some buildings were used by the Town after the closure, including the base swimming pool and recreation centre.
The fortress was largely demolished in 1796 by general Rambeau on the orders of Napoleon and at the request of the Grisons.
Still the property of the Belgian Army, the fort has been preserved and may be visited.
Yugoslavia deployed this system on the island of Vis.
A small position, it was manned primarily by reservists.
The 182d Airlift Wing is a unit of the Illinois Air National Guard, stationed at Peoria Air National Guard Base, Peoria, Illinois.
The Soviet Air Force maintained a presence at Rogachevo on the southern part of the island, on the westernmost peninsula.
Today, the Fort Banks Mortar Battery is on the National Register of Historic Places.
Ouvrage Bovenberg is a lesser work of the Maginot Line.
The base of the triangle rested on the river, distant only a few paces from the bank, and was about two hundred feet in length.
Its garrison was one of the last French units to surrender after the June 1940 armistice.
It was constructed under the command of Tadeusz Kosciuszko in 1778-1779.
Through the War usually 200 to 300 troops at a time were stationed at the post.
However, the work was never completed because of the rapid advance of the Red Army during the Baltic Offensive in autumn 1944.
Two attacks were made on Franklin's fort during summer 1856.
Skrunda was strategically important to the Soviet Union as its radars covered Western Europe.
The station became the primary base for the Royal Navy in the North-West Atlantic following American independence.
Hundreds of the temporary buildings that were used survive today, and are being used for other purposes.
The Fort de Fléron is one of twelve forts built as part of the Fortifications of Liège in the late 19th century in Belgium.
However the other USAAF support commands; Air Transport Command or Troop Carrier Command) commanded a significant number of airfields in a support roles.
The isolated position was commanded in 1940 by Lieutenant de Loye.
Some of the Arsenal's most successful products include the M198 and M119 towed howitzers, and the M1A1 gun mount.
Colorado World War II Army Airfields were major United States Army Air Forces training centers for pilots and aircrews.
The buildings were repaired and the gatehouse was possibly added at this time.
Fort Craig stood less than a mile away from Arlington House, the Union-occupied estate of Confederate General Robert E. Lee.
When the program was cancelled in 1943 the station became home to the newly created Marine Night Fighting Squadrons.
It was built by the British in 1915, and saw use during World War I.
It was eventually renamed after Grand Master Francisco Ximenes de Texada, whose coat of arms can be seen on one of the warehouses.
Following the surrender of the Army of Northern Virginia, it was dismantled and the land returned to its original owner.
The Australian Army left the site in 1972.
The tower is painted to serve as a daymark.
It is a former Royal Air Force station, active between 1916 and 2006.
The effect of stationing thousands of airmen brought the reality of war to rural and small town Nebraska.
A communication gallery was cut in 1790.
The Fort was built using labour from local First Nations people, who were paid one Hudson’s Bay blanket for every 40 pickets they cut.
Fort Mac LRA is responsible for ensuring quality reuse and redevelopment of 145 acres on the former Army post.
Situated near California State Route 168 and California State Route 180, the airport covers 1,728 acres.
Fort Defiance served as a reference point for defining the boundary line of land cession in the Treaty of Detroit in 1807.
Tierra Amarilla Air Force Station is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station.
The fortress was built by David Anhoghin to become the capital of Kingdom of Tashir-Dzoraget in 1065.
The fort has a radar-equipped aerostat, one of a series maintained for the Drug Enforcement Administration by Harris Corporation.
Dorr Field is a former military airfield, located 12 miles east of Arcadia, Florida.
The Venetian Walls are a series of defensive walls which surround the capital city of Nicosia in Cyprus.
Royal Air Force Bottisham or more simply RAF Bottisham is a former Royal Air Force station located 5 miles east of Cambridge, Cambridgeshire, England.
There are several chambers in the castle which are separated by walls, built with piled-up pieces of Ryūkyūan limestone, 3 metres in height.
Fort Mellieħa or Mellieħa Fort, also known as Il-Fortizza tas-Salib, is a World War II-era fort in Mellieħa, Malta.
Little is known about the fort's layout.
Today, West Field is used as the civilian Tinian International Airport.
Today, the precise location of the field can not be determined, as agricultural use has erased all evidence of its existence.
James responded by bringing the cannon Mons Meg from Edinburgh, and bombarding the castle, virtually destroying its western end, and ensuring a quick surrender.
During the Second World War, the site was used to host United States Army soldiers and, later, by the Air Ministry for offices.
The French wanted to strengthen their alliance with the powerful Iroquois, as well as convert them to Catholicism.
Shortly after opening, in 1963, it was converted to semi-automated operation using the NORAD SAGE system.
It is located 10.2 miles east of Valparaiso, Florida.
The upper platform was armed with five iron guns, two 6-inch mortars and a carronade.
It was the first of three forts constructed in 1861 to protect Leesburg from possible invasion after Virginia seceded from the Union.
It is a Scheduled Ancient Monument, and is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
Fort Gillem was a logistical support base, housing some Army, Department of Defense, and other government agencies.
Along with being a hospital, the fort still has buildings on the hills nearby, which once served as the officers quarters.
Additional storeys were added and a later extension, described as a "modern mansion", was incorporated but subsequently demolished.
During the war, the camp functioned as a sending off point for troops as well as a training ground for anti-aircraft units.
The singular Windmill Hill Battery refers to one particular battery almost equidistant between Genista Battery and Europa Advance Battery.
It was closed on 30 November 1945
The battery was active from the early 18th century until at least the mid-20th century.
After the war the air station went into caretaker status in December 1946 and became an Outlying Landing Field of Naval Air Station Dallas.
The unit briefly moved to Belgium in January 1945 due to the Battle of the Bulge, although it returned in April.
The airfield was southwest of junction 9 of the present-day M56 motorway.
Hundreds of the temporary buildings that were used survive today, and are being used for other purposes.
The NFSS is used for the storage of radioactive materials produced during the development of America's first atom bombs.
Ouvrage Latiremont is a gros ouvrage of the Maginot Line, located in the Fortified Sector of the Crusnes, sub-sector of Arrancy.
There are 300 HGVs, 200 Land Rovers, over 40 military helicopters and the Suffolk Police Eurocopter as well as casual access for 2 Air Ambulances.
Radio callsigns used by the St. Margarets radar station throughout its operation from 1953-1988 included "MOHAWK", "BROMIDE", "CHOPSTICK", "MIDWIFE" and "BILLYBOY".
Odo's estates in England were seized following a failed rebellion against William II in 1088, and Deddington Castle was taken back into royal control.
Naldurg fort is named after Nalraja who built the fort in medieval architectural style.
Roslin Castle is a partially ruined castle near the village of Roslin in Midlothian, Scotland.
It was replaced by Coast Guard Air Station Salem in 1935.
The fort was situated in a very vast area in the heart of the City of Khammam.
Hohenwerfen is a "sister" of Hohensalzburg Castle, both built by the Archbishops of Salzburg in the 11th century.
The second, more developed site is generally known as Fort Warner, although the Army never officially designated it as a fort.
Also the 27th Fighter Group was stationed at the airfield during April and May 1944, flying A-36 Apaches, later converting to P-47 Thunderbolts.
After the war, the airfield appears to have been abandoned.
Bowes Castle was a medieval castle in the village of Bowes in County Durham, England.
It was part of a chain of batteries, redoubts and entrenchments encircling the French positions in Marsamxett and the Grand Harbour.
Today, it lies in ruins but is still the best preserved inland entrenchment in Malta.
Ajinkyatara is a fort on one of the seven mountains surrounding the city of Satara in the Sahayadri Mountains of Maharashtra, India.
It was constructed in the 1860s to defend the confluence of the Rivers Medway and Thames during a period of tension with France.
Ouvrage Saint-Antoine is a work of the Maginot Line's Alpine extension, the Alpine Line.
The fort was functioned as a strategic rock fortress and an outpost to Kandyan kingdom.
Today, it remains active as part of the Alaska NORAD Region under the jurisdiction of the Air and Space Operations Center, Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson, Alaska.
At times from 1862 to 1865 Union troops were stationed at Osage Mission, almost certainly on its outskirts.
located 367.7 miles north-northwest of CFB Goose Bay.
The radar site is still operated by the FAA as part of the Joint Surveillance System.
Fort Tompkins was constructed southwest of Brown and contained three cannons.
Center S was a secret, joint, Russian–Syrian signals intelligence 'spy' post near Al-Harra in southwestern Syria close to the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights.
It was closed in 1994 by the Air Force, and turned over to the Federal Aviation Administration.
It suffered a serious flood in 1865.
The fortifications of Birgu are a series of defensive walls and other fortifications which surround the city of Birgu, Malta.
It was part of a chain of batteries, redoubts and entrenchments encircling the French positions in Marsamxett and the Grand Harbour.
The Panvan plateau completely comMan ds and indeed almost overhangs it.
It was on the Butterfield Overland Mail route from 1858 until 1861 and was abandoned May 16, 1883, and transferred to the Department of the Interior.
The fort was 450 feet square with ramparts 40 to 50 feet above the bottom of an encircling ditch.
Today, the Camp is the home of the Bermuda Regiment.
The 5.28 hectares large fort precinct is studded with palaces, temples and pavilions.
Subsequently, the facility was transferred to the AAF Personnel Distribution Command.
It is one of the fortifications built by Germany at the end of the 19th century to defend Strasbourg.
Although 16 Martello towers were built in Canada, only 11 are still standing, four of them in Kingston.
On the moles towers and defensive forts are found.
The German Luftwaffe used the base a generation later to train the pilots of dive bombers and pursuit planes during World War II.
Seafield Tower is a ruined castle on the North Sea coast of Fife in Scotland.
Since then, the site has had no closer examination by archaeologists.
Castlehill Barracks was a military installation in Aberdeen in Scotland.
Kirtling Tower was a medieval castle and Tudor country house in Cambridgeshire, England, of which the gatehouse still remains.
Due to its high altitude, the days were hot and the nights cold.
In the 19th century Deddington Castle was adapted for use as a sporting facility by the local gentry.
Roger's son Robert inherited and improved the castle.
15th Fighter Squadron, 2 January-10 November 1942
Killeen Air Force Station is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station.
Pittsburgh IAP Air Reserve Station is a United States Air Force base, located at Pittsburgh International Airport, Pennsylvania.
A steep walk of about five minutes leads up to the gateway, the immediate approach to which is in places almost blocked by prickly pear.
When the 86th moved out the airfield was closed and dismantled.
The battery is listed with the Gibraltar Heritage Trust.
The brigade currently has Black Hawks, Apaches and Chinooks at Fort Riley — the number fluctuates as aircraft go through maintenance and reset rotations.
The Defense Intelligence Agency Headquarters is the main operating center of the Defense Intelligence Agency.
Several air force stations and other establishments, many of them training facilities, operated in Calgary, Alberta, Canada from the mid-1930s to the mid-1960s.
Located less than 150 km from Key West, the facility covered 73 km2.
Later, the Italian Co-Belligerent Air Force was formed and incorporated these aircraft.
Its last known use was by the United States Army Air Force Twelfth Air Force in 1943 during the Tunisian Campaign.
Residing on the largest military installation on the East coast, the hospital serves approximately 150,000 active duty military personnel, retirees and family members.
Pierced Steel Planking was also used for parking areas, as well as for dispersal sites, when it was available.
Willis' Battery is a former artillery battery on the north side of the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
The barracks is the headquarters of the Army Logistic Training Centre.
Fairchild AFB was established in 1942 as the Spokane Air Depot.
Facing nearly north, about fifty yards from the north-east angle, is a gateway with a couple of curtains in solid masonry.
William de Warenne, 3rd Earl of Surrey probably started to build the castle, an earthwork motte and bailey structure.
About ten yards to the east of this turret is a new looking building which was the headquarters or sadar.
The Alpine Line or Little Maginot Line was the component of the Maginot Line that defended the southeastern portion of France.
It was the main entry point by land to the old town of Gibraltar.
64th Troop Carrier Group, 28 June-26 July 1943, C-47 Skytrain
Rupsi Airfield is a former wartime United States Army Air Forces airfield in India used during World War II.
It is located 7.0 miles east-southeast of Hilger, Montana.
The fort was part of a line that included Fort Presque Isle, Fort Machault, and Fort Duquesne.
It was located on the north side of Marlborough St., on the site of the current British Colonial Hilton Nassau.
It is located 4.1 miles southwest of Lamar, Texas.
Today, all that remain of Senglea's fortifications are the seaward bastions and part of the land front.
The Fort de Mutzig, also known as Feste Kaiser Wilhelm II, is located near the town of Mutzig, in the Bas-Rhin department of France.
It was an alternate landing location for the space shuttle, but it was never used as such.
Since the airship station was decommissioned, it has been used as a forestry plantation and there is little indication of its former use.
The batteries were linked together with long rubble wall entrenchments.
Chekira Airfield is an abandoned World War II military airfield in Tunisia, which was located near Wadi al `Akarit; about 300 km south of Tunis.
The airfield was one of the first established in the liberated area of Normandy, being constructed by the IX Engineering Command, 826th Engineer Aviation Battalion.
The site consists of 1,000 acres of airfield sites plus ranges and minor estates.
Ouvrage Champ de Tir, also known as Champ de Tir de l'Agaisen is a lesser work of the Maginot Line's Alpine extension, the Alpine Line.
The airfield was likely a compacted desert dirt flight strip, and was abandoned as the Allied forces moved west towards Tobruk.
A house was built in the center of the redoubt.
It is located between petit ouvrage Bois-Karre and petit ouvrage Oberheid, and was named for the surrounding Kobenbusch forest.
Pope Field is a U.S. military facility located 12 miles northwest of the central business district of Fayetteville, in Cumberland County, North Carolina, United States.
Dudhkundi Airfield is an abandoned airfield in India, located 12 miles SE of Jhargram, in the Jhargram district district in the Indian state of West Bengal.
They got to within 15 or 20 leagues of the lake when they were blocked by ice.
Other important users of the fort facilities were the 98,700 or more Atlanta area military and naval retirees and their family members.
Construction began in July 1931, and cost 4.2 million francs to complete.
Shahu of Kolhapur attempted to undermine the Brahmin princelings of Vishalgad jagir, as also those of Bavda and Ichalkaranji, from around 1895.
It may have also been known as Easter Cairns Castle, but this may refer to another castle in the area.
Fort Saint-Jean is a fortification in Marseille, built in 1660 by Louis XIV at the entrance to the Old Port.
After being used for various purposes, including the construction of a Gothic mansion in the early 19th century, the site was flattened and largely redeveloped.
Birgu's fortifications have been on Malta's tentative list of UNESCO World Heritage Sites since 1998, as part of the Knights' Fortifications around the Harbours of Malta.
In 1959 it became the Drabeši boarding primary school, which eventually outgrew the manor house and moved to a new larger building nearby.
When the 86th moved out the airfield was closed and dismantled.
The station has three assets; two 47′ MLB and an RBS2.
Fort Gillem is now a military enclave following Fort McPherson's closing due to the 2005 BRAC commission.
Lakeland Army Airfield, was a World War II United States Army Air Force located 5.3 miles southwest of Lakeland, Florida.
Threave Castle is situated on an island in the River Dee, 2.5 kilometres west of Castle Douglas in Dumfries and Galloway, south-west Scotland.
Descendants of the Lewknors owned the castle until at least the 16th century.
Maizeret was upgraded in the 1930s to become part of the fortified position of Namur in an attempt to forestall or slow an attack from Germany.
The fort then came under the control of the Ottomans for four centuries.
The Grand Master's Stables were extensively damaged by French bombardment, and the ruined structure was demolished by an order of 21 January 1811.
The site of the yard was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1928.
The castle was altered and extended in 1415 and again in 1524.
The position is located at the top of a sheer escarpment that dominates Meyronnes and the valley of the Ubayette.
During World War II, it operated the only training for the then new and secret technology of radar.
V-2 rocket facilities were military installations associated with Nazi Germany's V-2 SRBM ballistic missile, including bunkers and small launch pads which were never operationally used.
An outline of the runway remains in an agricultural field in aerial photos today.
It remained operational until 1956 and is now used by the Sheerness Docks as a port installation.
King Shō Shin built Izena Tamaudun near the castle.
The site of the Depot was on farmland on the opposite side of Londonthorpe Lane from the Park.
It was later de-militarized by the Coalition and today is abandoned.
Walter de Lacy, his brother Hugh, and William de Braose failed to appease the king and fled to France.
Low Flight Strip is an abandoned military airfield located approximately 13 miles west of the ghost town of Low, Utah.
Baudette Air Force Station is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station.
The powerfully built two-story stone building contrasts with the Swahili architecture of the other buildings in the town.
The Vyshnivets Palace or the Wiśniowiecki Palace is located in the urban-type settlement of Vyshnivets in Ternopil Oblast of western Ukraine.
Herbertshire Castle was a castle built in the Barony of Herbertshire in the early part of the tenure of Henry Sinclair, Earl of Orkney.
Because the church has later burned twice, in 1723 and in 1822, basically only the stonewalls of the 17th-century church remain today.
Having been in pretty bad shape before, it has been renewed in the recent years by the Croatian Ministry of culture.
Farleigh Hungerford Castle, sometimes called Farleigh Castle or Farley Castle, is a medieval castle in Farleigh Hungerford, Somerset, England.
The building is now abandoned and in a ruinous condition.
This group fortification, built in the municipalities of Pournoy-la-Grasse and of Verny, controlled the valley of the Seille.
After Lugenbeel departed, the Indian Agent was a civilian.
After Camp Sharpe closed in 1944, USO operations were moved c. January 1945 to "the recreation center for the guards" of the Gettysburg POW camp.
Additional blocks were planned but not built.
AAC Middle Wallop is a British Army base near the Hampshire village of Middle Wallop.
Most of these airfields were under the command of Second Air Force or the Army Air Forces Training Command.
This large quadrangle, 100 meters wide, is located between Fort Keranroux and Fort Penfeld, and is also part of the same fortifications as Fort Montbarey.
The airfield was abandoned after the cessation of hostilities; however, the airstrip is still visible.
The PAVN attempted to overrun the position at least twice.
The castle was built around 1106 by the Anglo-Norman lord Henry de Beaumont, during the Norman invasion of Wales.
From 1940 to 1967, it was operated by the United States Army and USAF, finally under the name Turner Air Force Base.
Cheveley Castle was a medieval fortified manor house near Cheveley, Cambridgeshire, England.
Gormanston Camp is a military camp in Ireland and consists of approximately 260 acres.
Rosecrans Air National Guard Base or Rosecrans ANGB, is located on a portion of the Rosecrans Memorial Airport, Saint Joseph, Missouri.
In the 1990s, Saddam Hussein, the former Iraqi president, announced a campaign to beautify the walled citadel.
Fort McCoy is a United States Army installation.
It was named for Brevet Major General Wesley Merritt, and abandoned in 1899.
Texarkana Air Force Station is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station.
Kongsvinger Fortress is located in the city and municipality of Kongsvinger in the county of Hedmark, Norway.
Schlossberg Castle is a castle in the municipality of La Neuveville of the canton of Bern in Switzerland.
The modern Avochie House is just to the west.
It was closed in 1957 and is now a publicly operated Tofino Airport.
The fort has a structure of four bastions and is protected by the Batticaloa Lagoon on two sides and a canal on the other two sides.
Over the years the eastern trench was reclaimed and a road constructed thereon.
10, welcoming nearly 90,000 men into the United States Army Air Forces to undergo basic military training.
The castle eventually became the county gaol for Cornwall, but was heavily criticised for its poor facilities and treatment of inmates.
To the east one gets a bird's eye view of Wai, and Mandhardev stands conspicuously about 4 miles to the north-west.
The lands of Threepwood were located in the Parish of Beith, at the eastern boundary between East Renfrewshire and North Ayrshire, Scotland.
It is owned by the City of Westfield and is three miles north of it.
As part of the Landsfort Herle, it served as a prison tower.
Ushiberd is an Iron Age fortress located upon a hill just outside the village of Ushi in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.
The battery facing Marsa and the Floriana Lines was initially armed with four 6-pounder guns, but the British later added two 9-inch mortars.
The castle is very close to the fortification of Ascott Earl Castle, built on an adjacent estate at the other end of the village.
The walls of the fort have been accessible to the public on a regular basis since September 2014.
The Barry M. Goldwater Air Force Range is a bombing range in the U.S. state of Arizona, near the Mexico–United States border.
It is located on Willis's Plateau at the northern end of the Upper Rock Nature Reserve, just southeast of Princess Anne's Battery.
Madera Air Force Station is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station.
As state militia units, the units in the Tennessee Air National Guard are not in the normal United States Air Force chain of command.
The city walls of old city Nürnberg, in modern-day Nuremberg, are the defensive mechanism surrounding the city of Nuremberg, Germany.
The Chunar Fort is located in Mirzapur district of Uttar Pradesh, in India.
La Salmagne has been preserved and is open to the public.
Scarborough Castle is a former medieval Royal fortress situated on a rocky promontory overlooking the North Sea and Scarborough, North Yorkshire, England.
Plant 42 and Palmdale Regional Airport are separate facilities that share a common runway at the site.
During World War II, the United States Army Air Forces established numerous airfields in West Virginia for training pilots and aircrews of USAAF fighters and bombers.
During 1789 the pioneers established settlements now known as Waterford and Beverly on the southwest and northeast banks of the Muskingum, respectively.
By the end of June 2011 all flying units from RAF Lyneham had moved to RAF Brize Norton.
As a result, Fort Velasco was erected in 1831 by the order of General Terán to serve as a customs port of entry.
During the Polish–Swedish wars, the castle was pillaged by armies loyal to the King of Poland and was confiscated from Bogusław Radziwiłł.
The castle was built pre 16th century near the eastern bank of the Isla River and was largely demolished in 1790 for construction of Ruthven House.
With the end of the war in 1945, nearly 30,000 men were demobilized from the Army Air Forces and returned to civilian life at Greensboro.
Its last known use was by the United States Army Air Force Twelfth Air Force in 1944 during the Italian Campaign.
Robidoux had traded for beaver pelts in the Uintah Basin region as early as 1824.
Tours of the Barracks precinct are conducted by the Corps of Guides on Thursdays starting at 10:00 a.m.
Its field of fire was from approximately West South West clockwise to Northeast and it was designed to defend against enemy ships.
It saw relatively little action during World War II and after a period of reserve duty in the 1950s, was abandoned in the 1970s.
It is located 7.1 miles north of Kirksville, Missouri.
Now demolished, it was part of the first belt of forts protecting Lyon.
The logs of this building were set up perpendicular, so the outside of the building resembled a stockade.
Lete Airfield is an abandoned World War II military airfield located in the vicinity of Al Jukhkh al Kabir; about 10 km east of Benghazi.
In 1946, it was transferred to the Ministry of Civil Aviation and used by BOAC aircraft for training.
It is unknown precisely where the airfield was actually located due to the changed landscape over the past 60 years.
Fort Niobrara was a military post located in north central Nebraska.
During Dutch possession, the square shaped fort had two bastions.
Headquarters for NORAD and the NORAD/United States Northern Command center are located at Peterson Air Force Base in El Paso County, near Colorado Springs, Colorado.
From 2018 it will host the Defence College of Logistics, Policing and Administration, which will provide training for key support roles for all three armed services.
Fort Lee Air Force Station is a closed United States Air Force station.
Prudhoe Castle  is a ruined medieval English castle situated on the south bank of the River Tyne at Prudhoe, Northumberland, England.
Early in 1944, the facility was converted to a V-1 flying bomb launch facility and subsequently completed.
12th Bombardment Group, 2 June-2 August 1943, B-25 Mitchell
It is a national cultural heritage monument in Armenia.
The Bad Aibling Station is a satellite tracking station operated by the German intelligence agency Bundesnachrichtendienst in Bad Aibling, Bavaria.
Some believe that the campaign's intention was to remove the 800 - 900 mostly Iraqi Turkmen families living in its ancient houses.
It was built at Gravesend in Kent along a strategic point along the River Thames and was operational by 1540.
The Greensboro Center opened in November 1941 as the headquarters of the First Technical Training District, Air Corps Technical Training Command.
It was built in 1715 by the Order of Saint John as one of a series of coastal fortifications around the Maltese Islands.
Questel Fort is a redoubt in Brest.
It was the longest active Army fort in Nevada, lasting 24 years.
The surrounding area is now a Local Nature Reserve.
In 1914 the fort was heavily bombarded by German artillery in the Battle of Namur.
Gen. John Hunt Morgan, as they had in 1862 when Cincinnati was briefly threatened by the cavalry of Albert G. Jenkins.
It is part of the second fortified belt of forts of Metz.
It was situated on the Berbice River approximately 88 kilometres upstream from New Amsterdam.
Both Estonian and British troops have manned the base.
Riħama Battery is an artillery battery in Marsaskala, Malta.
It was located 10 miles east-southeast of Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, just to the southeast of Tinker Air Force Base.
In front of the Fort is the Maidan, which used to be a part of the Fort and is the largest urban park in Calcutta.
Ouvrage Hochwald is a gros ouvrage of the Maginot Line, one of the largest fortifications in the Line.
Tingkawk Sakan Airfield is a former wartime United States Army Air Forces airfield in Burma used during the Burma Campaign 1944-1945.
22 Wing/CFB North Bay has two unique properties among air bases in Canada.
4th Pursuit Squadron/ 4th Fighter Squadron, 27 April 1942-12 June 1942
Hatherwood Battery is a battery located to the east of Alum Bay on the Isle of Wight.
The IJssel Line Foundation was formed as a voluntary body in 2003 to maintain the buildings and structures as historical monuments.
It is a key part of the Russian early warning system against missile attack, going on combat duty on 11 February 2012.
It serves as the regimental headquarters of many regiments of the Sri Lanka Army and is an arsenal.
Arbon Castle is a former castle and now the Historisches Museum Arbon located in the municipality of Arbon of the Canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
A redoubt was built by free-state leader James H. Lane and about fifteen men.
Fort Richardson was a detached redoubt constructed by the Union Army in September 1861 as part of the defense of Washington during the American Civil War.
The Council of Assiniboia, the administrative and judicial body of the Red River Colony mainly run by Hudson's Bay Company officials, met at Upper Fort Garry.
Restoration work was carried out in the 1830s and 1850s by William Craven, the second Earl of Craven.
It has been moved from the fort grounds, divided up into three and sold as individual residences.
The original 12th-century castle was built by Walter fitz Alan, High Steward of Scotland, upon a river islet known as the King's Inch.
The shipyard was purchased by the Navy in 1940, a year before the Attack on Pearl Harbor.
The camp lies immediately southeast of the road junction between the B 3070 and B 3071 and about a mile northeast of Lulworth Cove.
Laudrefang was originally planned as a gros ouvrage.
The district of Fort Rouge in south-central Winnipeg is named for the fort.
Ouvrage Rohrbach is a petit ouvrage of the Maginot Line located in the community of Bettvillier, near Rohrbach-lès-Bitche in the Moselle département, facing Germany.
The Morass was dug out and expanded to create an artificial lake which was further obstructed by iron and wooden obstacles in the water.
The facility came under United States Army Air Forces control on 1 June 1947, and United States Air Force respectively on 18 September 1947 until now.
This school provided ground instruction to students before they began flight training.
The complex also included the Ministry of Defence buildings, located close to the Galle Face terminus of Baladaksha Mawatha.
29th Bombardment Squadron, 16 June 1942 – 29 March 1943
The second runway, called an "assault strip", is a 3500×60-foot runway referred to as 110-290, which is parallel to Runway 11/29.
The site is now called RRH Buchan.
As of 2016 most of the site is the Marine Science Center of Northeastern University.
At times, Al Jalali served as a refuge or a jail for a member of the royal family.
Today the site is part of the Joint Surveillance System, designated by NORAD as Western Air Defense Sector Ground Equipment Facility J-29A.
A two-story neo-Renaissance structure with two towers was built on the estate during the second half of the 19th century.
27th Fighter Group, 7–12 June 1944, P-40 Warhawk
Two further masts of the station carrying an umbrella antenna are 471 metres tall and the tallest structures in India.
The fort is designated as a National Historic Site of Canada.
It became uninhabited after 1836 and the structure deteriorated.
Today not much is left of the battery as it has been left to decay, with some parts falling off the cliff due to erosion.
The Organisation Todt built it to an Atlantic Wall standard on a commanding position near the demolished La Mare Mill during the Occupation of Jersey.
The British Army garrison in Edinburgh Castle formally moved out to the barracks in 1923.
Evidence of an even earlier fortification on the same site has also been found.
It is one of the most heavily used Midwest training facilities, and is used mainly for company level small arms and maintenance training.
It was built for George Auchinleck, after acquiring the estate.
The 457th Air Service Squadron provided base support functions for the station, and the 904th Base Security Battalion provided security for the airfield and ground station.
RRH Neatishead is a Royal Air Force Remote Radar Head in the English county of Norfolk, East Anglia established during the Second World War.
It was constructed by Organisation Todt for the Wehrmacht during the Occupation of the Channel Islands.
It was built during the 1240s by the Emperor Frederick II, who had inherited the lands from his mother Constance of Sicily.
At the time, Cahaba was still the county seat, but that was moved to Selma in 1866.
2641st Special Group, 24 March-20 May 1945
Bicqueley Aerodrome was a temporary World War I airfield in France.
The bar is located between North Bar Without and North Bar Within, close to Beverley St Mary's and abuts buildings on either side.
The substantial grounds, Lauriston Castle Gardens, operate as a local park.
Little Rock Air Force Base is a United States Air Force base located approximately 17 miles northeast of Little Rock, Arkansas.
Olenegorsk Radar Station or Murmansk) is the site of a Soviet and Russian early warning radar.
Despite the small variation in spelling it was named after Henry Paget, 1st Marquess of Anglesey who was involved with the Board of Ordnance.
The station opened in 1952 and had a staff of some 500 persons at its peak.
Ondonga Airfield is a former World War II airfield on New Georgia in the Solomon Islands archipelago.
Jaffna Fort is a fort built by the Portuguese at Jaffna, Sri Lanka in 1618 under Philip De Olivera following the Portuguese invasion of Jaffna.
In 1834 the Counterguard was recorded as being armed with thirteen 24-pdrs and two 9-pdrs.
Its later owners included the Auersperg family and the Slovene composer Miroslav Vilhar, who also died in it.
The surface barracks at Le Lavoir were connected to Charmaix by an aerial tram.
The Fort d'Emines is one of nine forts built as part of the Fortifications of Namur in the late 19th century in Belgium.
For his heroism and sacrifice, Etchberger received the Air Force Cross posthumously.
Currently only remnants of the castle and its walls are left.
Most of these airfields were under the command of First Air Force or the Army Air Forces Training Command.
Fort Jackson is a United States Army installation, which TRADOC operates on for Basic Combat Training, and is located next to Columbia, South Carolina.
Red Cliff Air Station is a closed General Surveillance Radar station.
The station is situated in the Verne area, overlooking East Weares.
Balapur Fort is a Mughal fortress in the town of Balapur in the Akola district of India.
Battlesbury Barracks is a military installation in Warminster, Wiltshire.
The camp was built by the British Army and was the largest British overseas military camp built since the Second World War.
The Regio Cantiere di Castellammare di Stabia was founded in 1783 by Sir John Acton, Prime Minister of Ferdinand IV of the Kingdom of Naples.
Original area of fort was 65 acres,currently only 5.5 acres.
Alexandra Battery is a coastal artillery battery in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
Ōgaki Castle is a castle located in the city of Ōgaki, Gifu Prefecture, Japan.
RAF Barkston Heath has the Naval and Army Elements of No.
After his death the castle was inherited by Bona Sforza and later passed to the Pac family.
It also applied specifically to two trading stores built along the Humber River by French fur traders in 18th-century Toronto.
Whatever remains of the fort is probably buried under the town of Thunder Bay.
It was located near the Egyptian border near Jabbanat Sidi, about 100 km west of Tobruk.
It is part of the Fortified Sector of the Crusnes and is located near the community of Aumetz in the Moselle département of France.
However the other USAAF support commands—Air Technical Service Command; Air Transport Command or Troop Carrier Command—also commanded a significant number of airfields in support roles.
64th Fighter Squadron, 19 August-16 September 1942
Grauerort has a 250 m Elbe pier which was used to load ships with naval mines.
Together with Lulworth Camp it forms part of Bovington Garrison.
It was built by the Order of Saint John in 1715–1716 as one of a series of coastal fortifications around the Maltese Islands.
Barclosh Castle is a ruined 16th-century tower house situated near Dalbeattie, Dumfries and Galloway.
It has several key services, the AAFES Post Exchange, Car Care Center and gas station.
The modern city of Bikaner has developed around the fort.
Fort Zoutman is a military fortification at Oranjestad, Aruba.
The underground magazine is now home to the Military Heritage Centre, which includes the Memorial Chamber.
Vladivostok fortress is the unique long-term complex of fortifications built in the late 19th - early 20th century in Vladivostok and the surrounding area.
Pitsligo Castle is a ruined castle half a mile east of Rosehearty, Aberdeenshire, Scotland.
A continuous line of eight bastions and curtain walls encloses interior fortifications; seven regular polygonal bastions and a single semi-circular or "half-moon" bastion to the north.
Its primary function was as a fire control point controlling the massed guns of Fort Delimara on the headland below.
It has a population of 65 and an area of 12.59 km².
Pierced Steel Planking was also used for parking areas, as well as for dispersal sites, when it was available.
Lucera Airfield is an abandoned World War II military airfield in Italy.
One can view the land of Camp Dennison via Google.
RNAS Boaz Island was a Royal Naval Air Station in Bermuda.
It was medium-sized, and it blocked a country lane which led towards the creek.
Its last known use was by the United States Army Air Force Twelfth Air Force in 1944 during the Italian Campaign.
As such, it is not the focus of alien enthusiasts, unlike its neighbor.
It is located 12.8 miles northeast of Kamloops, British Columbia.
Pallippuram Fort is a fort in Pallippuram, Vyppin, Ernakulam district of Kerala, south India.
Fort Crittenden, originally Camp Crittenden, was a United States Army post built in 1867 three miles from Sonoita, Arizona along Sonoita Creek.
Historically, it was the main seat of the Wiśniowiecki princely family which takes its name from this castle.
In the 16th century the more extensive Flodden Wall was erected, following the Scots' defeat at the Battle of Flodden in 1513.
The chemical weapon store and former chemical weapon filling station are situated down the dead-end Station Road.
More than 50,000 Union soldiers were mustered in or out of service at Camp Dennison.
It is located in the inner end of Herjangsfjorden, on the southeast side of the village of Bjerkvik.
The Southport Gates are three city gates in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
Muchalls Castle entered national history in 1638 when a seminal Covenanter gathering took place here precedent to the English Civil War.
In 1572, Crookston was granted to another Stewart, Charles, the Earl of Lennox.
The installation was named for Major General Oscar Westover who was commanding officer of the Army Air Corps in the 1930s.
Stari Grad was declared Protected Monuments of Culture in 1983, and it is protected by Republic of Serbia.
Hampstead Norris Castle was a Norman castle in the village of Hampstead Norris, Berkshire, England.
The Letterklip, Afrikaans for "lettered rock", is a provincial heritage site in Namaqualand in the Northern Cape province of South Africa.
The fort was restored between 1962 and 1968.
The fort was named for the town it was designed to protect, Châtillon-sous-Bagneux, but the greater portion of the site is actually within Fontenay-aux-Roses.
It is named for the commander in the Battle of Sullivan's Island, General William Moultrie.
This post became one of the more important posts along the Kansas-Missouri border during the Civil War.
The Wignacourt towers are a series of large coastal watchtowers built in Malta by the Order of Saint John between 1610 and 1620.
It is still possible to find remnants of these wartime airfields.
Minot Air Force Station [Permanent Installation Number: 1445; Installation Location Code: QJVM]) is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station.
Princess Royal's Battery is an artillery battery in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
It was built in the 11th century by the Seljukid Mengujekids beys.
It was the ancestral home of the chief of Clan Gordon, Earl of Huntly.
A less reliable source states he was at the fort in February 1752 when 200 Assiniboins tried to plunder it.
The gros ouvrage was equipped with long-range artillery, and faced the border with Luxembourg.
The barracks was originally known as Dundalk Barracks and was renamed after Frank Aiken, a commander of the Irish Republican Army and an Irish politician.
3 FTS provides elementary flying training for Royal Navy and Army Air Corps students.
The facility spread over 3,000 acres has 13 masts, which are arranged in two rings around the central mast.
The name Kinbane means White Head and refers to the white limestone on which the castle stands.
According to information on the Çukurova University website, the castle was abandoned during the reign of the Ramadanids in the mid-14th century.
There is an ancient spring water well nearby known locally as St Anthony's Well.
It is thought that the original castle on this site was erected soon after the Norman Conquest but that it was dismantled in 1095.
During the late 1950s, the Mid-Canada Line was developed as a secondary line of detection in case enemy aircraft penetrated the Distant Early Warning Line.
Claresholm was placed on care and maintenance status until reactivated in 1951 as a NATO training centre run by No.
It is situated in the bay of Porto Palermo, a few kilometers south of Himarë along the Albanian Riviera.
Hillsborough Barracks is a walled complex of buildings between Langsett Road and Penistone Road in the Hillsborough District of Sheffield, South Yorkshire, England.
The defence line could profit from the natural protection of the swamps, rivers and canals in the area.
The depot covers almost 650 acres and contains 56 magazines built into a hillside.
The castle was built in the 13th century by Clan Leslie.
16th, 17th, 18th, 35th TC Squadrons, C-47 Skytrain
The site is open to the public subject to a fee levied by the subcounty.
The battery still existed in 1811, but it was eventually demolished.
Jasmuiža Manor is a manor in the historical region of Latgale, in Latvia, currently a writer's home museum dedicated to Rainis.
The former Seneca Army Depot occupied 10,587 acres between Seneca Lake and Cayuga Lake in Seneca County, New York.
The fort is about a hundred yards long by forty wide.
Wattisham Airfield is the biggest centralised operational Army Airfield in the UK, located next to the small village of Wattisham in Suffolk, England.
Béthelainville Aerodrome was a temporary World War I airfield in France.
It was built during the Interim Peace between the Winter War and the Continuation War to defend Finland against a possible Soviet invasion.
The tower takes its name from an inscription above the door.
It is named for General Henry "Hap" Arnold, the father of the U.S. Air Force.
It is situated in the Lochend / Restalrig area, next to Lochend Castle and near Meadowbank Stadium.
Goubrine Airfield is an abandoned military airfield in Tunisia, about 10 km south of Manzil Kāmil; 145 km south-southeast of Tunis.
Stewart, sometimes known to his fellow free staters as the "Fighting Preacher," used his fort as a station on the Underground Railroad.
Champ de Mars is a public park in Old Montreal quarter of Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
It includes a small military airstrip known as Bradshaw Army Airfield.
Manduria Airfield is a World War II airfield in Italy, located approximately 5 km north of Manduria, and about 390 km east-southeast of Naples.
He needed locations to hide himself and his guerrillas from pursuing Union troops and this hideout suited the guerrillas well.
The structure dates from 1502, and was formerly the seat and stronghold of the Montgomery Clan.
The battery is also known by a number of other names, including Xwejni Battery, Qbajjar Battery or the Castello.
The nearby Cheyenne Mountain Complex has the Alternate Command Center.
Like the Groom Lake facility, Tonopah is a site of interest to conspiracy theorists, mostly for its use of experimental and classified aircraft.
Dunnottar Castle is a ruined medieval fortress located upon a rocky headland on the north-east coast of Scotland, about 3 kilometres south of Stonehaven.
It is designated turret 51b and lies east of the Signal Tower at Pike Hill.
The neglected castle and fortifications gradually fell into ruins.
Three additional blocks were planned to make it a gros ouvrage but were not built.
After renovations during the Cold War, it was abandoned.
Krona-N is the second Krona, the first Krona is in Zelenchukskaya in the North Caucasus.
It is part of the second ring of fortifications around the city of Belfort in northeastern France.
The camp covered an area of 35 hectares.
The base was used for forward deployment of B-47 Stratojet bombers and support units.
Skipsea Castle was a Norman motte and bailey castle near the village of Skipsea, East Riding of Yorkshire, England.
In 1869, the Hudson's Bay Company agreed to surrender its monopoly in the North-West, including Upper Fort Garry.
However the other USAAF support commands; Air Transport Command or Troop Carrier Command) commanded a significant number of airfields in a support roles.
In spite of the considerable work going into the fort's construction, it was used for only a short time, possibly only weeks.
In 1803 during the first British-Kandyan War, Kandyan forces, under Pilima Talauva, attacked the fort which was commanded by Lieutenant Charles Mercer on the 3 September.
Finland Air Force Station is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station.
If it is operational, it would be run by the Russian Space Forces and complement the Okno station in Nurak, Tajikistan.
Tett and manufactured as a private commercial venture by Burbridge Builders Ltd of Surrey.
Originally named Fort Camden and operated by the British Armed Forces, the fort was handed-over to the Irish Defence Forces in 1938.
The first walls to be built around Worcester were constructed by the Romans.
It was built above a network of tunnels housing storage areas, launch facilities and crew quarters.
The site's winter warfare training course is the primary facility used by the National Guard for winter combat exercises.
Unlike seven of the nine Namur forts, Cognelée was never upgraded to become part of the fortified position of Namur.
It serves as home base for the Atlantic Fleet Seabees, which are the Navy's construction battalions.
Fort Royal served as bastion and home for the governor.
He fortified Threave with an "artillery house", a sophisticated defence for its time.
The building currently houses the Kocēni primary school.
After the Abu Ghraib prisoner abuse scandal, many detainees from Abu Ghraib were transferred to Camp Bucca.
Malwana fort was located in Malwana, Gampaha, on the banks of the Kelani River.
It was one of several military installations situated in the area and covered three dispersed sites.
The island is about 68 kilometers long, and from 3 to 6 km wide.
The fort itself was used as a hotel for many years.
Men were moved into and out of Paola from the first of October until Price neared the area in late October.
Stalag XIII-C for other ranks and NCOs was located close by.
The castle was likely built by the MacDougalls around 1290 who held it throughout the fourteenth century.
The unique rock formation was fortified by dry stone walling; it was occupied from 1901 to 1902 by British forces during the Anglo-Boer War.
The Alcazaba is a palatial fortification in Málaga, Spain.
Its primary use was as an interceptor fighter airfield during the Defense of the Reich campaign.
Fort Diu, is located on the west coast of India in Diu, a Union Territory, administered by the Government of India.
Fort Leonardo, also known as Fort San Leonardo or Fort San Anard, is a polygonal fort in Żabbar, Malta.
Following the Wars of the Roses, the status of the castle as a Marcher territory was revoked and its military significance began to decline.
Camden Fort Meagher is a coastal defence fortification close to Crosshaven, County Cork, Ireland.
Both turrets sit on concrete slabs placed on top of brick walls dug into the ground.
Dunnottar has played a prominent role in the history of Scotland through to the 18th-century Jacobite risings because of its strategic location and defensive strength.
The castle was again slighted in 1690.
In 1179, a Count Dietrich von Merburg is documented.
The batteries formed part of a chain of batteries, redoubts and entrenchments encircling the French positions in Marsamxett and the Grand Harbour.
Sardari Berd sits on the right before the cemetery in the village of Sardarapat in the Armavir Province of Armenia.
It functions as the naval headquarters of the Navy.
The Air Force took control of nearby Otis Field in 1948, and Otis Air Force Base was born.
Little remains of the castle, a Scheduled Ancient Monument, which is situated in Thornes Park, other than the motte which is covered in trees.
Wards Airfield is a former World War II airfield near Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea.
Ventilation was achieved both naturally and artificially.
It is located 6.8 miles northeast of Boron, California.
It is owned by the Ministry of Defence, and used for training some 30,000 soldiers a year.
It is one of a dozen batteries in Gibraltar that had 9.2-inch guns installed around the turn of the twentieth century.
The castle was in use during the reign of the First Shō Dynasty and served as the residence of the Aji of Goeku Magiri.
It is considered to have many similarities of construction to Hadrian's Wall at the northern border of the Empire in Britain.
It was the birthplace to the Roman Emperor Jovian.
451st Bombardment Group, 5 March-6 April 1944, B-24 Liberator,
The Strand Barracks is the former army barracks on Clancy's Strand in Limerick city, Ireland.
Leadenham Aerodrome was a Royal Flying Corps First World War airfield at Leadenham, Lincolnshire, England.
Fort Campbell, also known locally as Il-Fortizza tas-Selmun, is a former fort in Mellieħa, Malta.
Kukum Field also known as Fighter 2 Airfield is a former World War II airfield on Guadalcanal, Solomon Islands.
It was active during World War II as a I Troop Carrier Command training airfield.
Within the eastern portion of Flat Bastion is Flat Bastion Magazine.
Fort Bois d'Oye, also known as Fort Eblé, is located in the commune of Bermont.
The battery was still in use during the Second World War as a listening post and site for a Bofors Gun.
Lecce Airfield is an abandoned World War II military airfield in Italy, which is located approximately 5 km southeast of Lecce in the Salentine Peninsula.
The basic version of the missile was an inertially-guided submarine-launched cruise missile to threaten the US coast.
Consequently, fortifications were smaller in scale than the fortifications of the main Line.
It presently serves as a museum, exhibition hall, and offices.
King Richard I of England visited the castle in 1189 and King Edward II of England in 1307.
RNAS Longside is a former Royal Naval Air Service airship station located 3.2 miles south of Longside, Aberdeenshire and 3.7 miles north of Hatton, Aberdeenshire, Scotland.
The Portuguese name for the fort was Cacabe de Tanna.
The camp was so secret that even Prime Minister William Lyon Mackenzie-King was unaware of its full purpose.
A heavily fictionalised version of the escape was depicted in a film, The Great Escape, which was based on a book by former prisoner Paul Brickhill.
The Portuguese were able to defend Ghodbunder Fort from these attacks successfully for many years, including the attack in 1672 by the forces of Shivaji.
The Lieutenant Vicente Landaeta Gil Air Base is a Venezuelan Air Force military airbase.
Development of Phase II commenced in 2011.
Winston Barracks was a British Army base, located 2 miles east of Lanark, Scotland.
604 Squadron, Australian Air Force Cadets, and 'A' Company, 44 Army Cadet Unit and Headquarters South Australia Australian Army Cadets Brigade.
Cawdor Barracks is a military installation located 6.3 miles east of St Davids, Pembrokeshire and 9.8 miles south west of Fishguard, Pembrokeshire, Wales.
They were located at the east end of the Gallowgate, Glasgow, Scotland, and occupied in the year they were built.
Stalag X-B was a World War II German Prisoner-of-war camp located near Sandbostel in Lower Saxony in north-western Germany.
The building currently houses the Svitene music and art school.
The property was purchased by the War Department during World War II as a location for the production of TNT.
At each corner, was a two story block house, twenty feet square below, and a foot or two more above.
The airfield was abandoned after the war and was developed into the Waigani area of Port Moresby.
The fort was named after New France's governor at the time, Louis de Buade de Frontenac.
The Bachelors' Club is a National Trust for Scotland museum located at 1 Sandgate Street, Tarbolton, KA5 5RB.
Navy Island Royal Naval Shipyard was a Royal Navy yard in Ontario.
The Fort de Tancrémont is a Belgian fortification located about 3 kilometres south of Pepinster.
The batteries were fitted with underground shelters or were covered over to protect the gun crews.
It was an important and highly active U.S. Army installation from 1826 through 1946.
Established in 1913 by the Royal Flying Corps, it became RAF Netheravon from 1918 until 1963, then AAC Netheravon until 2012.
It is located on the northern mouth of the Kokuba River in Naha Port.
Worcester's city walls are a sequence of defensive structures built around the city of Worcester in England between the 1st and 17th centuries.
People complained to Banda Bahadur against him.
A wooden motte and bailey castle was built by William Tyson, lord of Alnwick in the 11th century.
The gatehouse passed into the control of Carlisle Cathedral and became the local vicarage during the 16th and 17th centuries, before being used to store hay.
The Fort de Viraysse is a fortification complex in the Cottian Alps overlooking the Ubaye Valley.
Depienne Airfield is a World War II airfield in Tunisia, located approximately 12 km northeast of El Fahs, and 53 km southwest of Tunis.
Today, Valletta's fortifications are regarded as the most important of the fortifications of Malta, and they form part of a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
The fort was used as a prisoner-of-war camp in both World Wars, and was later known as HMS Euroclydon.
Fort Eustis is a United States Army installation located near Newport News, Virginia.
However, after the Battle of Sekigahara in 1600, the castle was abandoned.
Tower Battery is an artillery battery in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
It was located 0.6 miles East-Northeast of the commune of Lisle-en-Barrois, in the Meuse department in Lorraine in north-eastern France.
Sqaq Kappara Battery: This battery overlooked and bombarded Fort Manoel.
The strategic fort was used to protect Jaffna peninsula from the forces of mainland as well as illegal access, smuggling, etc.
In 1825, during the Greek War of Independence, part of its outer wall was demolished to prevent the Greek rebels from using it.
It was completely destroyed and nothing found today.
Today the remains of the airfield sit on New Forest Crown land managed by the Forestry Commission.
One of the other sides was somewhat longer, so that the work was not a regular triangle.
It was closed on 30 June 1988 by the Air Force, and turned over to the Federal Aviation Administration.
The archbishops kept the feudal rights over the castle until 1803, although the castle had been bought in 1595 by the Moscon family.
It was first surveyed by Vauban in 1700.
Stalag is an abbreviation of the German Stammlager.
The memorial garden has a line-of-sight to the last anchorage point of the Titanic, close to Roche's Point at the mouth of the harbour.
The borg was built around 1500 by the family Onsta.
At least 25 forts were constructed within 50 km of Besançon.
William Peveril the Younger inherited his father's estates, but in 1155 they were confiscated by King Henry II.
Both described the proposed method of execution of every POW and internee in the camp.
It was located on Middleton Island, in the Gulf of Alaska, 173 miles south of Anchorage, Alaska.
By the 19th century, it was "largely ruinous" and restorations to make portions of the castle habitable were carried out in the 1880s and 1930s.
It was located on the site of what later became King's Bastion
The second was a Tour-reduit, which was built in 1720 and demolished in 1915.
It had walls built in stockade fashion that were six inches thick.
Kärnäkoski Fortress is a bastion fortress in Finland located in Kärnäkoski, Savitaipale built by Russia between 1791 and 1793 to protect Saint Petersburg.
The airfield was one of thirty-two Air Service training camps established in 1917 after the United States entry into World War I.
It is situated in Southern Georgia, in Meskheti region.
The base was originally built as a depot for the Royal Air Force, split by what is now the Chiltern Main Line.
It is still possible to find remnants of these wartime airfields.
The fortress was first build in the 2nd century BC.
It’s where a royal dynasty got its start and the famous Gurkha soldiers got their name.
The castle served as a prison for war heroine Luisa Cáceres de Arismendi between November 1815 and January 1816.
On 16 Oct. 1521, Takeda Nobutora defeated Fukushima Hyogo, Imagawa Ujichika's general, in the Battle of Iidagawara.
The fortifications were built gradually over nine centuries, from soon after the city's foundation in the tenth century until 1867.
A shooting of British POWs at Heydebreck was studied post-war.
Pierced Steel Planking was also used for parking areas, as well as for dispersal sites, when it was available.
In the 1900s, the buildings were restored.
Camp Sharpe was a World War II military installation on the Gettysburg Battlefield that trained soldiers for psychological operations in the European Theater of Operations.
It was designed, along with the other Palmerston Forts atop Portsdown, to protect Portsmouth from attack from the rear.
Kingswear Castle is an artillery fort, built to protect Dartmouth harbour in Devon, England.
The base hosts 2 Regiment Army Air Corps and 7 Regiment AAC under the umbrella of the Army Aviation Centre.
It occupies the north-eastern portion of an artificial island south of the River Eden, roughly 3 km to the south-west of Edenbridge.
One source said rifle pits were dug outside the fort.
The base has specialised in ground trade training since its opening in 1941.
United States Army units remained at Rothwesten Kaserne until it was closed in 1959.
It is located in the Lochend area, about 1.5 miles east of Edinburgh Castle.
It is located 6.4 miles west of Eufaula, Alabama.
Located 4 km to the west of Bitche, the ouvrage derived its name from a nearby farm.
The site overlooks the Moselle valley and its western approaches, as well as the railway lines to the west of Thionville.
Luxembourg took pride in the flattering historical epithet of the "Gibraltar of the North" as a result of its alleged impregnability.
It closed in 1997 when responsibility for the camp was taken over by the British Army Intelligence Corps.
Sars-la-Bruyère Castle is a château-ferme, or fortified farmhouse, in Sars-la-Bruyère in the municipality of Frameries, province of Hainaut, Belgium.
Now, the massive fortifications and battlements are seen in ruins only.
After the forced withdrawal of German forces from Corsica in September 1943, elements of the Twelfth Air Force 57th Bombardment Wing were moved to the island.
RCAF Station Great Whale River was located at the mouth of the river with the same name on the shore of Hudson Bay.
Today the only remains of the fort that are visible are the earthern ramparts, which are overgrown with grass and weeds.
Mowbray's son, John, inherited the building, and it remained in the Mowbray family until 1481, when it passed to William de Berkeley, 1st Marquess of Berkeley.
The residents carried everything they could into the surrounding countryside and hid it.
The site is subject to state Superfund cleanup plans.
It lies in Villupuram District, 160 kilometres from the state capital, Chennai, and is close to the Union Territory of Puducherry.
It is still possible to find remnants of these wartime airfields.
Pickard is well known for his early inventions in connection with loop aerials, direction-finding systems and static mitigating devices used at Otter Cliffs during the war.
Vogelsang Airfield is an abandoned World War II military airfield located approximately 3 miles northwest of Schleiden; approximately 330 miles southwest of Berlin.
Fort Frederick was a fort in Albany, New York from 1676–1789.
It was described by W. Douglas Simpson as one of the nine castles of the Knuckle, referring to the rocky headland of north-east Aberdeenshire.
Lecce was also used by tactical aircraft of Twelfth Air Force in the Italian Campaign.
Pierced Steel Planking was also used for parking areas, as well as for dispersal sites, when it was available.
The oldest building in the complex is the South African Garrison Institute, what is now known as the Army College.
Adjacent to the entrance of the Alcazaba are remnants of a Roman theatre dating to the 1st century BC, which are undergoing restoration.
Pontedera Airfield is an abandoned military airfield in Italy, located within the town of Pontedera, in Tuscany in the administrative province of Pisa.
Its exact construction date is unknown, but its foundations probably date from the late 14th or early 15th century.
It is located at Stirling Hill, 3.2 kilometres south of Peterhead on the Aberdeenshire coast of North East Scotland.
Eliott's Practice Battery is an artillery battery in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
The 1951 Greenland bases treaty led to the return of Sondrestrom to American control.
The airfield fell into disuse during the Second World War and has now mostly been redeveloped for housing.
It was a brick-built triangular fort with two seaward batteries meeting at a right angle.
It operated from 1942 until 1994, when after it was recommended for closure during the 1991 Base Realignment and Closure Commission.
The fort is now abandoned on state property.
Cortachy Castle is a Category B listed building.
Velenje Castle is a well-preserved castle in Velenje, Slovenia that was owned by the Kunšperk family, followed by their relatives the Ptujs and the Liechtenstein families.
The Romanian Air Force 71st Air Base is located near the town of Câmpia Turzii, in Cluj County.
This New Älvsborg Fortress is still maintained.
Victoria Barracks is located in the suburb of Paddington, between Oxford Street and Moore Park Road.
Father Joseph Aubery re-established the mission in 1701.
Beginning in January 1999, the air field initiated civilian air service as Albrook "Marcos A. Gelabert" International Airport.
It forms a closed square, with the main entry point placed on the least exposed side.
Morgraig Castle is a ruined castle, which lies close to the southern borders of the county borough of Caerphilly, overlooking Cardiff in Wales.
The mess is currently housed in the Cinnamon gardens area of Colombo.
Fort Tompkins was a redoubt at Sackets Harbor, New York.
Lekhtusi Radar Station is an early warning radar near Lekhtusi in Leningrad Oblast, Russia.
It belongs to the so-called primitive style of castle, consisting of a keep with a surrounding wall.
They were maintained in good condition into the 17th century.
RAF Portland is a former Royal Air Force radar station on the Isle of Portland, Dorset, England.
In 2015, the Australian government announced that the Leeuwin site will be sold off for residential development.
It is located 10.6 miles north of Eagle Pass, Texas.
The fort is now in private hands and not open to the public.
It was in operation until 1759 and was named Fort Rouillé.
The headquarter of 69th Infantry Brigade of Bangladesh Army locate here.
It was also known as South Cape Airport, South Point Air Force Station, or Ka Lae Military Reservation.
The park occupies the site of the Old Lahaina Fort, originally built in 1831.
The installations that would go on to comprise Ledward and Conn Barracks of USAG Schweinfurt began construction in 1935.
The 11th century tower was incorporated inside the fort built by the Pisans.
This structure should not be confused with the Abbot's tower of Alnwick Castle.
Münster-Handorf Airfield is a former military airfield located in Germany about 5 miles east-northeast of Münster; approximately 250 miles west of Berlin.
Like the city of Milan, the fort of Fuentes yielded in 1706 to Prince Eugène of Savoy, ending Spanish control of the area.
It is named after the Wilayah of Nakhal.
Katuwana fort was built approximately 40 km from Matara, in the Kandyan foothills at the northern limits of the Dutch East India Company's territory.
Cambria Air Force Station is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station.
Dar el Koudia Airfield is an abandoned World War II military airfield in Tunisia, located in the vicinity of Bizerte.
Another curtain wall runs east from the bastion to the base of a precipice.
Loughor Castle is a ruined, medieval fortification located in the town of Loughor, Wales.
It is currently the city-owned Garden City Regional Airport.
Approximately 7,700 crewmen received their last phase training at DAAB.
The population in 2002 was 2,716 (2002 Census).
Campbell Park, together with Russell Offices, are the headquarters of the Australian Defence Force and the Australian Department of Defence, together forming the Australian Defence Organisation.
Next to NAS Quonset Point was Camp Endicott at Davisville, home of the Naval Construction Battalions known as the Seabees.
Buġibba Battery, also known as Elbene Battery, was an artillery battery in Buġibba, limits of St. Paul's Bay, Malta.
Ricasoli was the site of the Froberg mutiny in 1807, and it was also used as a military hospital during the 19th century.
Near the middle point of its length, at the foreland point or 'Ness', lies the Orfordness Lighthouse.
Extensive additions were made in 1820 to the design of architect John Smith when it was in the ownership of Colonel John Gordon.
It is still monitored for the leakage of radioactive materials.
Ouvrage Soetrich is a gros ouvrage of the Maginot Line in northeastern France.
Épiez Aerodrome was a temporary World War I airfield in France.
Delft Island Fort was built by the Portuguese on the island of Neduntheevu in the Palk Straight in northern Sri Lanka.
The airfield was used during World War II by the German Luftwaffe as a combat airfield.
It was established in 1942 as a practice area for bombers and fighter planes from nearby Grenier Army Air Field.
It is located in the cities of Fort Worth, Westworth Village, and White Settlement in the western part of the Fort Worth urban area.
Due to its great expense and reduced funding, the fortress wasn't in operation until 1870, and wasn't fully completed until 1909.
The ruins are now owned by English Heritage and run as a tourist attraction.
414th Night Fighter Squadron, 23–29 July 1943, A-20 Havoc
