A complex magnesium silicate, a typical chemical formula for which is Mg4Si6O15(OH)2·6H2O, it can be present in fibrous, fine-particulate, and solid forms.
It has a Mohs hardness of 3.5 to 4.0 and a specific gravity of 4.85 - 5.
Picromerite is a mineral from the class of hydrous sulfates lacking additional anions, and containing medium to large cations according to the Nickel-Strunz classification.
It occurs as an oxidation product of hydrothermal lead-bearing veins.
Admontite is a hydrated magnesium borate mineral with formula MgB6O10·7H2O.
It consists of ferrous ions and aluminium ions, however some Fe3+ may be located in the structure of hercynite.
Nobleite is a rare borate mineral with the chemical formula CaB6O9(OH)2·3H2O.
It occurs in low-grade metamorphosed sedimentary manganese ore deposits associated with hyalophane, braunite and tamaite.
Magnetite is a mineral and one of the main iron ores.
Sometimes the crystals have a curious helical twist about the tetrad or principal axis.
It is brittle with specific gravity of 3.29 to 3.39 and a Mohs hardness of 5 to 6.
Nickel also has been reported in the structure.
It forms colorless to pale yellow monoclinic prismatic crystals and as powdery or earthy masses.
Purpurite forms a series with the iron-bearing endmember heterosite, FePO4.
Manganvesuvianite is a rare mineral with formula Ca19Mn3+(Al,Mn3+,Fe3+)10(Mg,Mn2+)2(Si2O7)4(SiO4)10O(OH)9.
It is often combined as a solid solution with hydroxylapatite3OH or Ca10(PO4)6(OH)2) in biological matrices.
It is also associated with native tellurium, tellurite, native gold, pyrite, rodalquilarite, mackayite, sonoraite, cuzticite and eztlite.
It is also reported from Kalgoorlie, Western Australia and Dalarna and Värmland, Sweden.
Microlite was first described in 1835 for an occurrence on the Island of Uto, State of Stockholm, Sweden.
Miargyrite is a mineral, a sulfide of silver and antimony with the formula AgSbS2.
Jerrygibbsite is a rare silicate mineral with chemical formula:9(SiO4)4(OH)2.
The type locality is the Shinkolobwe Mine.
Its color ranges from olive green, black green to bluish green, and yellowish on exposed surfaces due to oxidation.
Darkening of organics in melanophlogite upon heating is a possible origin of its name, which comes from the Greek for "black" and "to be burned".
Localities which have yielded fine crystallized specimens include Mount Vesuvius and the Ala Valley near Turin, Piedmont.
Leucite is a rock-forming mineral composed of potassium and aluminium tectosilicate K[AlSi2O6].
It was first described in 1806 based on samples found in the Hollertszug Mine in Herdorf, Germany.
It was first described in 1927 for an occurrence in Vieille Montagne, Verviers, Liège Province, Belgium.
Macdonaldite was first described in 1965 for an occurrence near the Big Creek-Rush Creek area in Fresno County, California.
Spessartine, sometimes mistakenly referred to as spessartite, is a nesosilicate, manganese aluminium garnet species, Mn2+3Al2(SiO4)3.
It has only been found as a coating on a single crystal of lepidolite.
Paulingite was named for Linus Carl Pauling, professor of chemistry, California Institute of Technology and accepted by the International Mineralogical Association in 1960.
Halite, commonly known as rock salt, is a type of salt, the mineral form of sodium chloride.
In later examples, built-up laminations are visible when viewed from the side.
Chlormayenite is also found as calcium aluminate in cement where its formula is also written as 11CaO·7 Al2O3·CaCl2, or C11A7CaCl2 in the cement chemist notation.
It usually occurs as clear yellow orthorhombic crystals.
It occurs in phosphate nodules within the meteorite.
In addition it has been reported from Mont Saint-Hilaire, Canada; the Ilimaussaq complex, Greenland; Windhoek District, Namibia; and Zheltye Vody, Ukraine.
Gatehouseite is a manganese hydroxy phosphate mineral with formula Mn5(PO4)2(OH)4.
It has a vitreous to pearly luster, a Mohs hardness of 3 to 3.5 and a specific gravity of 3.00 to 3.07.
Natrolite is a tectosilicate mineral species belonging to the zeolite group.
Kinoite4 or Ca2Cu2Si3O10·2H2O) is a light blue copper silicate mineral.
Aenigmatite is primarily found in peralkaline volcanic rocks, pegmatites, and granites as well as silica-poor intrusive rocks.
Brochantite is a sulfate mineral, one of a number of cupric sulfates.
The Lovozero Massif is an area with an igneous mountain range, home to various types of minerals such as eudialyte, loparite, and natrosilitite.
Augelite is an aluminium phosphate mineral with formula: Al2(PO4)(OH)3.
Daubréeite is a rare bismuth oxohalide mineral with formula BiO(OH,Cl).
The inversion takes place at 830 °C, but may be very slow.
The proportion iron:nickel is between 90:10 and 95:5; small quantities of other elements, such as cobalt or carbon may also be present.
The name is derived from the Greek sapo, soap.
Cymrite is a silicate mineral with the chemical formula BaAl2Si2(O,OH)8·H2O.
It forms lustrous black crystals in the orthorhombic system.
It is a sublimation product that forms with cryptohalite, sal ammoniac, and native sulfur.
It occurs interbedded with oil shales or marls and in boron-bearing evaporite deposits; rarely in vugs in phonolite.
Orpiment is yellow to brownish gold, cinnabar is deep red and getchellite is a bright orange red.
The principal strontium ores are celestine SrSO4 and strontianite SrCO3.
Lyonsite has a good cleavage and a dark gray streak.
Due to uranium and thorium impurities, some xenotime specimens may be weakly to strongly radioactive.
It is sometimes used as a gemstone.
Ellsworthite2(Ti,Nb,Ta)2O6(OH) is a rare earth mineral mostly found in the northern parts of North America.
It forms as white to reddish tabular monoclinic tectosilicate crystals with a Mohs hardness of 3.5 to 4 and a specific gravity of 2.1 to 2.2.
Here the mineral is probably a post-mining product.
Monoclinic minerals contain a twofold rotation axis where they can be rotated 360° and have the crystal face repeat every 180°.
            
It was discovered in the Pasco Province of Peru, for which it is named, and described in 1914.
It is also found in metamorphosed anorthosite complexes.
These deposits have been characterized in the context of a biogeochemical model for CO2 sequestration.
In more complex hexagonal tablets, somewhat larger sub parallel aggregates can be measured.
It has perfect cleavage in two directions and a brittle fracture.
He called the new mineral silico-boro-calcite; it was given the name howlite by James Dwight Dana shortly thereafter.
Hexamolybdenum lies on a continuum of high-temperature alloys that are found in meteorites and allows a link between osmium, ruthenium, and iron rich meteoritic alloys.
It also occurs in coal and lignite seams exposed to humid air and as a rare sublimate phase around volcanic fumaroles.
It is dimorphous with tetragonal thorite, and isostructual with monazite.
It is also known as acmite, which is a fibrous, green-colored variety.
Avalite is a chromium bearing variety which has been described form Mt.
Diopside is a monoclinic pyroxene mineral with composition MgCaSi2O6.
This mineral group has the general chemical formula of2(CO3)3·8(H2O).
The area of Broken Hill has a very diverse spreading of deposits with a sporadic layering of minerals.
              
It occurs in low temperature, sulfur rich environments associated with solfataras and salt deposits in association with native sulfur, realgar, gypsum and calcite.
It forms, together with petzite and fischesserite the uytenbogaardtite group.
It is named after the mineralogist, Matsuo Nambu of Tohoko University, Japan, who is known for his research in manganese minerals.
One noted deposit of brazilianite is in the surroundings of Conselheiro Pena, in Minas Gerais, Brazil.
It occurs associated with pharmacolite, picropharmacolite, weilite, haidingerite, rauenthalite, native arsenic, realgar and dolomite.
Closely allied to parisite, and indeed first described as such, is a mineral from the nepheline-syenite district of Julianehaab in south Greenland.
Sinoite crystallizes upon meteorite impact as grains smaller than 0.2 mm surrounded by Fe-Ni alloys and the mineral enstatite.
It is hard to distinguish from blue beryl.
It belongs to the space group R3m.
Framework silicates are also known as tectosilicates.
It occurs in a deeply oxidized polymetallic ore deposits in Tsumeb.
The mineral is unstable and decomposes during diagenesis leaving a distinctive variety of chert.
It is the most magnetic of all the naturally-occurring minerals on Earth.
It is also found in Germany, Australia, Poland, Spain and Brazil.
It was named in honor of Thomas Geiger, Wiesendangen, Switzerland, who studied the Falotta manganese ores.
250 °C at ambient pressure, and is related to the cubic form by a static tilting of the silica tetrahedra in the framework.
At the Shattuck Mine, it forms pseudomorphs after malachite.
The type locality for Liroconite is Wheal Gorland in St Day, Cornwall in the United Kingdom.
            
It occurs in high temperature hydrothermal deposits and contact metamorphic rocks.
It also occurs in Eschuchapa and Guerrero, Mexico.
Brianite is a phosphate mineral with the chemical formula Na2CaMg(PO4)2.
It usually occurs as black platy aggregates.
Brookite is rare compared to anatase and rutile and, like these forms, it exhibits photocatalytic activity.
Typical occurrence is in association with high-temperature hydrothermal vein deposits and altered granites with greisen, granite pegmatites and in alluvial deposits.
Named for the locality of first discovery, Baotou, China, baotite has been found in hydrothermal veins and alkalic rocks in various locations around the world.
The mineral is considered a late-stage constituent in lithium bearing pegmatites, and has only been encountered in a few localities throughout the world.
The composition of pure pyrope is Mg3Al2(SiO4)3, although typically other elements are present in at least minor proportions—these other elements include Ca, Cr, Fe and Mn.
Tenorite is a copper oxide mineral with the simple formula CuO.
Related substances include hydrated salts leonite2·4H2O) and picromerite2·6H2O).
          
The luster is glassy to pearly with colors ranging from green, brown to dark grey.
It has a Mohs hardness of 4 to 5 and a specific gravity of 2.44 to 2.5.
It was named after the place where it was first discovered, the Zimapán mining district, Hidalgo, Mexico.
Akaganeite is an iron(III) oxide-hydroxide / chloride mineral with formula: Fe3+O(OH,Cl) e.g.
Nadorite is named after Djebel Nador in Algeria, where it was first identified in 1870.
Diamond is an optically isotropic crystal that is transparent to opaque.
A high-temperature polymorph exists, indialite, which is isostructural with beryl and has a random distribution of Al in the6O18 rings.
Bonaccordite is a rare mineral discovered in 1974.
In addition to its use in pipes, sepiolite is used in oil drilling and for cat litter.
It forms variably colored, but typically dull green crystals in the monoclinic prismatic class.
Also in regionally metamorphosed schists, gneisses, and iron formations; in blueschist facies rocks, and from sodium metasomatism in granulites.
Rare earth elements such as neodymium and erbium can be doped into YAG as active laser ions, yielding Nd:YAG and Er:YAG lasers, respectively.
The emerald green varieties are especially sought after.
Dimorphite was first discovered in such a fumarole near Naples, Italy in 1849 by the mineralologist Arcangelo Scacchi.
Pharmacosiderite has an isometric crystal system, with yellowish-green, sharply defined cube crystals.
With the addition of manganese it forms a series with benavidesite.
It has a hardness of 3.5 and a specific gravity of 11.5.
It is translucent, brownish-yellow, and has an index of refraction of 2.40 to 2.41 and a specific gravity of 3.2 to 3.3.
The smoky colour results from free silicon, formed from the silicon dioxide by natural irradiation.
Ashburtonite is a rare lead copper silicate-bicarbonate mineral with formula: HPb4Cu2+4Si4O12(HCO3)4(OH)4Cl.
It has a Mohs hardness of 5.0 to 5.5 and a specific gravity of 2.4.
It derives its name from this locality.
Birnessite is formed by precipitation in lakes, oceans and groundwater and is a major component of desert varnish and deep sea manganese nodules.
It occurs in association with potassic feldspar, nepheline, riebeckite, arfvedsonite, aenigmatite, astrophyllite, catapleiite, eudialyte, serandite and apophyllite.
It was used in the funeral mask of Tutankhamun.
It was first discovered in 1994 in the locality of Zapiga, Tarapacá Region of Chile.
Associated minerals include beryl, phenakite, herderite, tourmaline, muscovite, fluorite and quartz.
This is because baddeleyite tends to become zircon where there is higher silica content, hence why both minerals can be found together.
Other shades include cinnamon brown, red, and yellow.
Allendeite is trigonal, with a calculated density of 4.84 g/cm3.
It can be also found in volcanic solfatara environments.
Some samples may also contain a sulfate group.
The chemical makeup of painite contains calcium, zirconium, boron, aluminium and oxygen).
            Fe
It also occurs in novaculites and in iron and phosphorus rich sediments.
Andradite is a species of the garnet group.
It has varieties with tetragonal, orthorhombic or triclinic crystals.
        
Banalsite is a rare barium, sodium aluminium silicate mineral with formula: BaNa2Al4Si4O16.
The mineral is named for Anders Richard Åkerman, a Swedish metallurgist.
                ◻
In YIG, the five iron(III) ions occupy two octahedral and three tetrahedral sites, with the yttrium(III) ions coordinated by eight oxygen ions in an irregular cube.
It was discovered in 1980 as monoclinic crystals occurring as volcanic sublimates around fumaroles in the crater of the Izalco Volcano, El Salvador.
Zoisite may be blue to violet, green, brown, pink, yellow, gray, or colorless.
It belongs to the space group P21/c.
Baumhauerite has also been reported at Sterling Hill, New Jersey, United States, typically in association with molybdenite, and in aggregates at Hemlo, Thunder Bay, Ontario, Canada.
It is common in titaniferous magnetite iron ore deposits.
Diamond also has relatively high optical dispersion.
The mineral is named for the Greek word σάρκιυος, meaning made of flesh, for its red color and greasy luster.
The name pyrite is derived from the Greek πυρίτης, "of fire" or "in fire", in turn from πύρ, "fire".
Oligoclase is a rock-forming mineral belonging to the plagioclase feldspars.
It was named for Richard C. Baker, a director of the Pacific Coast Borax Company.
Variscite is a hydrated aluminium phosphate mineral.
Dessauite-(Y) is a mineral member of the crichtonite group with the formula(Y,U)(Ti,Fe3+)20O38.
It has a very rare but attractive gemstones and cat's eye.
Small crystals or flakes of it are sometimes found on the surfaces of some cacti, and kidney stones frequently have the same composition.
It is named in honor of geologist L. C. Graton, who had a long-standing association with the Cerro de Pasco mines.
The mineral was named after the German polymath and poet Johann Wolfgang von Goethe.
The hexagonal prisms of pyrargyrite are usually terminated by a low hexagonal pyramid or by a drusy basal plane.
It crystallizes in the monoclinic crystal system, has a Mohs hardness of 7 to 7.5 and the chemical formula: Fe2+2Al9O6(SiO4)4(O,OH)2.
Omars are typically rounded and range in size from pebbles to boulders.
It is a common mineral in the Earth's subsurface but weathers quickly on the surface.
Euclase crystals are noted for their blue color, ranging from very pale to dark blue.
It was first named lomonite by R. Jameson in 1805, and laumonite by René Just Haüy in 1809.
It forms gray black metallic prismatic to acicular crystals with monoclinic symmetry.
The mineral was discovered in 1960 in the Sono mine in Kyoto Prefecture, Japan.
Clear and well-colored stones are rare as the radioactivity tends to degrade the crystal matrix over time in a process known as metamictization.
Gordaite commonly occurs near minerals such as sphalerite, boleite and gypsum.
The mineral was first described by Hans P. Eugster in 1967 for an occurrence in Lake Magadi, Olduvai Gorge, Kenya.
It forms black orthorhombic crystals which often appear to be cubic in form due to twinning.
The Rock Creek location, near Phillipsburg, is the most productive site in Montana, and its gems inspired the name of the nearby Sapphire Mountains.
It is an uncommon secondary mineral in the oxidized zone of arsenic bearing zinc deposits and occurs rarely in granite pegmatite.
Clinozoisite is a more common monoclinic polymorph of Ca2Al3(SiO4)(Si2O7)O(OH).
Sometimes called sodium pentaborate pentahydrate it contains the pentaborate anion,4)−.
Ringwoodite is notable for being able to contain hydroxide ions within its structure.
Hercynite is a spinel of regular symmetry and normal cation distribution, but some disorder occurs in its structure.
The South African occurrence has evidence of thermal metamorphism of a nickel-rich meteorite.
It is found in active volcanic fumaroles.
Krieselite is a newly discovered naturally occurring mineral.
It is found in the Tsumeb mine in Namibia and named after Andrew C. Roberts, mineralogist with the Geological Survey of Canada.
It is most frequently found in Pune, India and in the Deccan Traps, a large igneous province.
It was found as inclusions within a phenakite crystal from Mogok, Myanmar.
It crystallizes in the tetragonal system and occurs as needlelike crystals and masses.
It used to be found in fissure veins in the extrusive igneous rhyolite rock.
Ulexite is also known as TV rock due to its unusual optical characteristics.
Omphacite compositions are intermediate between calcium-rich augite and sodium-rich jadeite.
Celestine is the principal source of the element strontium, commonly used in fireworks and in various metal alloys.
It occurs in phosphate-rich granitic pegmatites typically as irregular brown opaque masses.
Alexandrite, a strongly pleochroic gem, will exhibit emerald green, red and orange-yellow colors depending on viewing direction in partially polarised light.
Because fluckite possesses three axes with different angles and lengths it is an anisotropic mineral.
Howlite, a calcium borosilicate hydroxide5), is a borate mineral found in evaporite deposits.
Associated minerals include calcite, chlorite, goethite, halloysite, nontronite, pimelite, quartz, sepiolite, serpentine, talc and willemseite.
It occurs as a product of metamorphism of phosphate bearing peraluminous sediments and in high-temperature hydrothermal ore deposits.
Vesuvianite occurs as tetragonal crystals in skarn deposits and limestones that have been subjected to contact metamorphism.
The specific gravity ranges from 2.68 to 2.72.
It occurs as an alteration mineral in serpentinite in association with serpentine, dolomite and hematite.
Chalcopyrite is rarely found in association with native copper.
Indeed, the mineral is essentially a hydrated olivine and occurs in altered ultramafic rocks and carbonatites.
Delafossite is a copper iron oxide mineral with formula CuFeO2 or Cu1+Fe3+O2.
Piemontite is a sorosilicate mineral in the monoclinic crystal system with the chemical formula Ca2(Al,Mn3+,Fe3+)3(SiO4)(Si2O7)O(OH).
Good specimens were produced by a mine fire at the Broken Hill mine in New South Wales, Australia.
This group of minerals contains approximately thirteen complex metal titanates.
A common empirical formula showing some of the range of substitution in zircon is(SiO4)1–x(OH)4x–y.
It is an iron mine in a contact metasomatic magnetite deposit.
It was discovered in 1845 in Västmanland, Sweden, and was named to honor Carl Linnaeus.
Cornetite is a phosphate of copper with hydroxyl named after the geologist Jules Cornet.
When heated it smells of garlic, which gives it the name.
Lulzacite crystallizes in the triclinic system with P1 space group.
It occurs as glassy, colorless to white prismatic monoclinic crystals.
Varieties include kidney ore, martite, iron rose and specularite.
Bararite is named after the place where it was first described, Barari, India.
The formula of pure anorthite is CaAl2Si2O8.
The largest documented single crystal of lithiophilite was found in New Hampshire, US, measured 2.44×1.83×1.22 m3 and weighed ~20 tonnes.
It is in the isotropic cubic crystal system with symmetry:, space group P a3.
It was discovered by an international group of geologists, and accepted by the IMA in 2010.
Ulexite is a structurally complex mineral, with a basic structure containing chains of sodium, water and hydroxide octahedra.
Hardystonite is a rare calcium zinc silicate mineral first described from the Franklin, New Jersey, U.S. zinc deposits.
Found originally in 1839 in the Ural Mountains, it is named after Georg von Cancrin, a Russian minister of finance.
Its luster and multiple crystal faces produce a desirable gem.
The only reported occurrence is in an alkalic pegmatite dike in an intrusive gabbro-nepheline syenite.
Buddingtonite has a hardness of 5.5 and a specific gravity of 2.32.
It was published without approval of the IMA-CNMNC, but recognize as valid species by the IMA-CNMNC Sulfosalts Subcommittee.
Mottramite is a member of the adelite-descloizite group.
The specimen was then retrieved and studied further.
Xonotlite is a mineral with the chemical formula Ca6Si6O17(OH)2.
It was used for poisoning fieldmice and other field vermin.
Amethyst is a violet variety of quartz often used in jewelry.
Annite is the iron end member of the biotite mica group, the iron rich analogue of magnesium rich phlogopite.
In the process, monoclinic vivianite oxidizes to form the amorphous santabarbaraite.
Agate  is a cryptocrystalline variety of silica, chiefly chalcedony, characterised by its fineness of grain and brightness of color.
It is a dimorph of Cornwallite, and the arsenic analogue of pseudomalachite.
It is also known in small quantities in Brazil, the Czech Republic, Namibia, Norway, Ukraine, and several American states.
Bunsenite is the naturally occurring form of nickel(II) oxide, NiO.
Chesterite is used for research on stacking formations and symmetry point groups that could be possible polymorphs or polysomes of the amphibole-anthophyllite groups.
Tobermorite is a calcium silicate hydrate mineral with chemical formula: Ca5Si6O16(OH)2·4H2O or Ca5Si6(O,OH)18·5H2O.
It occurs in hydrothermal veins associated with other selenides, or other mercury minerals such as cinnabar, and often with calcite.
Azurite is a soft, deep blue copper mineral produced by weathering of copper ore deposits.
             
It was named after Mining Councilor G Duft, Director of the Otavi Mine and Railroad Company, Tsumeb, Namibia.
Thus, they are likely to be among the earliest minerals formed in the solar system.
Such treatment is believed to be performed at relatively low temperatures and is thought not to be detectable by gemological testing.
Not satisfied, he continued experimenting and in 1974 brought out the more realistic "Slocum Stone" type.
Zabuyelite is the natural mineral form of lithium carbonate, with a formula Li2CO3.
It is named after Georg Wilhelm Steller who was a German explorer and zoologist that discovered it.
Diaspore , also known as diasporite, empholite, kayserite, or tanatarite, is an aluminium oxide hydroxide mineral, α-AlO(OH), crystallizing in the orthorhombic system and isomorphous with goethite.
The mineral was first described for an occurrence in Cornwall, England in 1819 and named after the English chemist Smithson Tennant.
It may also contain thorium, and rare earth elements.
When euhedral, zoisite crystals are striated parallel to the principal axis.
              2
Terbium gallium garnet is a kind of synthetic garnet, with the chemical composition Tb3Ga5O12.
Scawtite occurs as in skarns and hydrothermal veins in limestone.
Veatchite is an unusual strontium borate, with the chemical formula Sr2B11O16(OH)5·H2O.
It was named for Julien Jean Joseph de Fraipont, and Charles de Fraipont, geologists of Liege, Belgium.
It was first described in 1854 from its type locality in the Schneeberg District in Saxony, Germany.
Meneghinite is a sulfosalt mineral with the chemical formula CuPb13 Sb7S24.
It occurs in the oil shale deposit, near Proserpine, Queensland, Australia.
Monazite is radioactive due to the presence of thorium and, less commonly, uranium.
Samarskite crystallizes in the orthorhombic - dipyramidal class as black to yellowish brown stubby prisms although it is typically found as anhedral masses.
Gaspéite, a very rare nickel carbonate mineral, with the formulaCO3, is named for the place it was first described, in the Gaspé Peninsula, Québec, Canada.
Ludlamite is a rare phosphate mineral with formula:3(PO4)2·4H2O.
It is rated 4 on the Mohs Scale and has a specific gravity of 4.86.
Almandine , also known incorrectly as almandite, is a species of mineral belonging to the garnet group.
The mineral is named after the original collector, Adam Geer, of Utica, New York, US.
It crystallizes in the orthorhombic crystal system and forms radiating rosettes and pseudo-hexagonal tabular crystals which are commonly twinned.
Gaspéite is the nickel rich member of the calcite group.
In humid conditions, thenardite gradually absorbs water and converts to the mineral mirabilite, Na2SO4·10H2O.
It was first described in 1962 for an occurrence in the Mackinaw mine, Snohomish County, Washington for which it was named.
It has also been found in Mozambique and the Kola Peninsula in Russia.
It is a black, brown or yellow mineral with a hardness of 5.5 and a specific gravity of 4.7.
Antlerite is a common corrosion product on bronze sculptures located in urban areas, where atmospheric sulfur dioxide is present.
It was first described from Incline, Mariposa County, California in 1932 and named for mineralogist Frank B. Sanborn.
He named it after the Carniolan naturalist Sigmund Zois, who sent him its specimens from Saualpe in Carinthia.
Imogolite is an aluminium silicate clay mineral with formula: Al2SiO3(OH)4.
Macdonaldite appears as veins and fracture coatings in a sanbornite and quartz bearing metamorphic rock.
Afwillite is a calcium hydroxide nesosilicate mineral with formula Ca3(SiO3OH)2·2H2O.
This study was successful and the new mineral george-ericksenite was discovered.
Pure endmembers of the series are seldom if ever seen in nature.
It crystallizes in the tetragonal system and occurs both in good crystals and as formless masses.
After this suggestion, the term “murdochite-type structure” began to be used when describing a structure that is similar to that of murdochite.
It crystallizes in the hexagonal crystal system.
Botallackite crystallises in the monoclinic crystal system.
They all share the same basic formula:3.5[Al7Si17O48]·32(H2O) by varying the amounts of sodium, magnesium and calcium.
It is an ordered 1:1 interstratification of cookeite and paragonite.
The colorless varieties are often used as gemstones.
Baddeleyite is a rare zirconium oxide mineral, occurring in a variety of monoclinic prismatic crystal forms.
It forms brown to black triclinic lamellar crystals.
It has a specific gravity of 8.62 and a hardness of 2.5.
Benitoite occurs in a number of sites, but gemstone quality material has only been found in California.
Discovered in 1900 in the Terlingua District of Brewster County, Texas for which it is named.
Copiapite was first described in 1833 for an occurrence near Copiapó, Atacama, Chile.
Although samples can have various color, the pure mineral is colorless as expected for a material lacking transition metals.
Unlike microcline, which can be yellow, red, or green, rubicline is colorless.
Smaltite is a synonym for the mineral.
It occurs most often in granite pegmatite and allied rock types and in certain low-grade metamorphic phyllites.
Occasionally, gemstones are also cut from the finer xenotime crystals.
Other occurrences include west of the Scotia talc mine near Bon Accord, Barberton district, Transvaal, South Africa and from Kambalda south of Kalgoorlie, Western Australia.
It is commonly associated with other evaporite minerals such as epsomite, mirabilite, halides, and other sodium-magnesium-sulfates.
It is named because of its pink color, after the Russian word "zoria" which refers to the rosy hue of the sky at dawn.
Maghemite can be considered as an Fe(II)-deficient magnetite with formula 
Chloritoid is a silicate mineral of metamorphic origin.
Blossite is an anhydrous copper vanadate mineral with the formula: Cu2+2V5+2O7.
Kyanite is a member of the aluminosilicate series, which also includes the polymorph andalusite and the polymorph sillimanite.
The Glauconitic Marl formation is named after it, and there is a Glauconitic Sandstone formation in the Mannville Group of Western Canada.
Acumenite has only been described from its type locality of the cryolite deposit in Ivigtut, Greenland.
Cattierite is a cobalt sulfide mineral found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
It is red to reddish brown and forms when iron-containing substances rust underwater.
It is transparent and has vitreous luster.
It has poor to indistinct cleavage and a brittle fracture.
It must be rotated 360 degrees to be exactly the same.
It occurs with pyrite, chalcopyrite and members of the linnaeite – polydymite group in ore deposits in carbonate rocks.
Light which has traversed a crystal of parisite exhibits a characteristic absorption spectrum.
It occurs in a skarn deposit formed in limestone adjacent to a quartz diorite intrusive.
Approximately 24-36 million years ago these areas were subjected to massive volcanic activity during the Tertiary Period.
The mineral occurs in contact metamorphic rocks with significant barium content.
It also occurs in pyrite rich hydrothermal ore deposits in arid regions.
Its hardness is similar to beryl, and a bit less than that of topaz.
Levyne or levynite is a zeolite mineral, i.e.
It occurs as an alteration product of uraninite and primary selenium-bearing sulfides, such as penroseite.
Topaz is a silicate mineral of aluminium and fluorine with the chemical formula Al2SiO4(F,OH)2.
Clausthalite is a lead selenide mineral, PbSe.
The Pennsylvania Salt Manufacturing Company used large amounts of cryolite to make caustic soda at its Natrona, Pennsylvania works during the 19th and 20th centuries.
Some forms of anthophyllite are lamellar or fibrous and are classed as asbestos.
Stishovite was named after Sergey M. Stishov, a Russian high-pressure physicist who first synthesized the mineral in 1961.
In the orthorhombic crystal system, meneghinite has a Mohs hardness of 2½, one perfect cleavage and a conchoidal fracture.
Herg interpreted the Jacupiranga area as related to a hotspot.
              
            B
Allendeite was discovered in a small ultrarefractory inclusion within the Allende meteorite.
The more compact kinds from Hungary are so hard and tough that they have been used for millstones.
It occurs in igneous and metamorphic rocks that are deficient in magnesium.
Rutile derives its name from the Latin rutilus, red, in reference to the deep red color observed in some specimens when viewed by transmitted light.
Naldrettite occurs as anhedral grains that are commonly attached to sulfide minerals and are associated with clinochlore.
It belongs to the space group Cmcm {C2/m 2/c 21/m}.
In other words it has half a water per CaSO4 unit hence its synonym hemihydrate.
Serpieri was an Italian revolutionary, engineer and mining entrepreneur who developed mines in the Lavrion area of Greece and founded the Montecatini Company.
Francevillite is a uranyl-group vanadate mineral in the tyuyamunite series.
It is a member of the triphylite group, and forms a complete solid solution series with the lithium manganese(II) phosphate, lithiophilite.
Kambaldaite, though in lesser and rarer amount, is also found in the Widgiemooltha nickel gossans, probably discovered there in the early to mid 1990s.
Corderoite is an extremely rare mercury sulfide chloride mineral with formula Hg3S2Cl2.
The typical form is as encrustations and pulverulent earthy masses.
It has a zeolite-like porous structure which results in relatively low and not well-defined values of its density and refractive index.
It is a major mineral component of eclogite along with pyrope garnet and also occurs in blueschist facies and UHP metamorphic rocks.
Jolliffeite is a rare selenide mineral with formula NiAsSe orAsSe.
Liebigite is a uranium carbonate mineral with the chemical formula: Ca2(UO2)(CO3)3·11H2O.
Lead gray to black in color, its luster is metallic.
Antlerite is a greenish hydrous copper sulfate mineral, with the formula Cu3(SO4)(OH)4.
Its crystals are usually hexagonal in shape, with flakiness and plating, usually because it replaced a mineral.
Cafarsite6-7(AsO3)12·4H2O) is a rare calcium iron arsenite mineral.
Relief is a diagnostic characteristic of a mineral in plane polarized light that refers to the various ways different minerals "stand out".
2, is a sorosilicate of the Si
It's named after Friedrich Ahlfeld, a German-Bolivian mining engineer and geologist.
950 °C; it is then partly converted to cliftonite in vacuum at ca.
Well-known varieties of beryl include emerald and aquamarine.
Balangeroite is found in one of the most important chrysotile mines in Europe, the Balangero Serpentinite.
It was discovered in Skuterud Mines, Modum, Buskerud, Norway, in 1845.
Cryolite is an uncommon mineral identified with the once large deposit at Ivigtût on the west coast of Greenland, depleted by 1987.
Its space group is distinct from that of augite and jadeite.
It occurs as veinlets in lazurite crystals in the Afghan location and in altered limestone xenoliths within pumice in Pitigliano, Tuscany, Italy.
It occurs in high temperature hydrothermal deposits with pyrrhotite and chalcopyrite.
Alforsite is a hexagonal colorless crystal in the chemical class phosphates and the group apatite.
Pyromorphite is a mineral species composed of lead chlorophosphate: Pb5(PO4)3Cl, sometimes occurring in sufficient abundance to be mined as an ore of lead.
It was first described in 1797 for an occurrence in Wheal Rock, St. Agnes, Cornwall, England.
Pigeonite crystallizes in the monoclinic system, as does augite, and a miscibility gap exists between the two minerals.
Zircon forms in silicate melts with large proportions of high field strength incompatible elements.
It is a soft, dark grey telluride mineral which forms monoclinic crystals.
It is colorless to white with tints of yellow, green and pink.
Staurolite is a red brown to black, mostly opaque, nesosilicate mineral with a white streak.
The name is from Cornubia, the medieval Latin name for Cornwall.
It is found in burning coal seams, bituminous shale and fumaroles.
There are two variants of albite, which are referred to as low albite and high albite; the latter is also known as analbite.
Greenalite is a mineral in the kaolinite-serpentine group with the chemical composition2-3Si2O5OH4.
It forms a solid solution series with magnesioriebeckite.
It is a feldspathoid and a member of the sodalite group.
Nichromite was originally reported from the Bon Accord nickel deposit in Barberton District, South Africa.
This was first shown by the German mineralogist Johann Friedrich Christian Hessel in 1826.
Madocite is a mineral with a general formula of Pb17(Sb,As)16S41.
Ilmenite is the main source of titanium dioxide, which is used in paints, fabrics, plastics, paper, sunscreen, food and cosmetics.
Bultfonteinite, originally dutoitspanite, is a pink to colorless mineral with chemical formula Ca2SiO2(OH,F)4.
Otavite is a rare cadmium carbonate mineral with the formula CdCO3.
The chemical formula is given as(Al,Mg,Fe)2(Si,Al)4O10[(OH)2,(H2O)], but there is considerable ion substitution.
            
Vladimirite is a rare calcium arsenate mineral with a formula of Ca5(HAsO4)2(AsO4)2·5H2O.
It is isomorphous and isostructural with wardite, the sodium aluminium counterpart.
There is some evidence that the ancient Romans used the substance.
Melanophlogite often overgrows crystals of sulfur or calcite and typically contains a few percent of organic and sulfur compounds.
It is one of the few sulfide minerals to form fibrous or needle like crystals.
It is named after Carleton University, in Ottawa, Ontario.
It occurs in association with: zincite, willemite, franklinite, rhodonite, jacobsite, diopside, gageite, bustamite, manganocalcite, glaucochroite, calcite, banalsite and alleghanyite.
Realgar is soft with a Mohs hardness of 1.5 to 2 and has a specific gravity of 3.5.
Its color ranges from bronze to brass yellow to silver white.
Ferrierite typically occurs as an alteration mineral in basaltic rocks and in tuffaceous sediments.
The Black Star sapphire is an oval-shaped gemstone cut as a cabochon like all other star sapphires.
It was first described in 1838 by Belgian chemist, Dumont and dedicate to J.S.P.J.
The crystals from Tick Canyon are elongated along the 010 axis, while those from Iona are elongated along the 001 axis.
Maucherite is a grey to reddish silver white nickel arsenide mineral.
Some other members of this subgroup are:
It was discovered by the University of Arizona mineralogist John W. Anthony, who named it for himself.
Amblygonite forms a series with montebrasite, the low fluorine endmember.
Under high pressure conditions, Hauerite undergoes a large collapse in unit cell volume driven by a spin-state transition.
An orthorhombic mineral with the formula β-Mg2SiO4, it was first found in nature in the Peace River meteorite from Alberta, Canada.
It forms in several types of environments, from freshwater to marine systems, aquifers to hydrothermal hot springs and scales, soils, and areas affected by mining.
Epidote is a calcium aluminium iron sorosilicate mineral.
Ludwigite typically occurs in magnesian iron skarn and other high temperature contact metamorphic deposits.
It was discovered in 1868 in Ivigtut, Greenland and named for Hans Peter Jorgen Julius Thomsen.
Meteoric iron makes up the bulk of iron meteorites but is also found in other meteorites.
It can also be synthesized by annealing an Fe-Ni-C alloy at ambient pressure for several hundred hours.
It was discovered in 1879 near J´achymov, Czech Republic by mine engineer Anton Mixa.
Its calculated relief is 1.86 - 1.87.
It has also been reported from a mine dump in the Lichtenberg Absetzer Mine of Thuringia, Germany.
The type locality for brassite is Jáchymov of the Czech Republic.
Csarite, ottomanite, and zultanite are trade names for gem-quality diaspore from the İlbir Mountains of southwest Turkey.
Zoisite, first known as saualpite, after its type locality, is a calcium aluminium hydroxy sorosilicate belonging to the epidote group of minerals.
            
Dundasite is a rare lead aluminium carbonate mineral.
Pigeonite is named for its type locality on Lake Superior's shores at Pigeon Point, Minnesota, United States.
It is also known from the lead-zinc districts of the central United States.
It was first described in 1825 from an occurrence on Mount Vesuvius, Naples Province, Campania, Italy.
In 1909 it was described as a mineral from Otjosondu, Otjozondjupa Region, Namibia.
It crystallizes in the isometric - hexoctahedral crystal system as colorless, white, gray, or rarely pink and blue masses.
It was first found in 1962 at Tugtup agtakôrfia Ilimaussaq intrusive complex of southwest Greenland.
It is frequently cut with a convex face, or en cabochon, and is then known as carbuncle.
The mineral was first discovered in the Adelaide Proprietary Mine.
Lavendulan has the same structure as sampleite, and the two minerals form a series.
It is associated with other silver minerals and sulfides such as native silver, native arsenic, xanthoconite, stephanite, acanthite, tetrahedrite and chlorargyrite.
The mineral was found in an exposed ore dump, on the property of Consolidated Rambler Mines Limited near Baie Verte, Newfoundland.
Xiangjiangite is a phosphate mineral discovered near and named for the Xiang Jiang River in China.
It has the formula Pb5Bi4S11 and orthorhombic structure.
It often occurs in high temperature hydrothermal quartz veins associated with native gold and in contact metamorphic deposits.
The index of refraction of zorite is 1.59, which is the velocity of light through vacuum over the velocity of light through zorite.
Delvauxite, also known as borickite, is a yellow to brown to dark brown amorphous mineral, sometimes forming a botryoidal mass.
            
The mineral has a bright metallic luster, and is tin white or light steel gray in color with a black streak.
The type localities are the Inagli alkaline–ultrabasic massif, Yakutia and the Kovdor alkaline–ultrabasic massif in the Kola Peninsula.
            
Cup and ring marks are also common in the Atlantic and alpine regions of Europe, sometimes associated with complex petroglyphs or megalithic monuments.
It was originally reported from Eifel volcanic complex in 1964.
Weloganite is a rare carbonate mineral with formula: Na2(Sr,Ca)3Zr(CO3)6·3H2O.
Santabarbaraite is an amorphous ferric hydroxy phosphate mineral hydrate that was discovered in Tuscany, Italy in 2000.
Kamiokite is an iron-molybdenum oxide mineral with the chemical formula Fe2Mo3O8.
Coyoteite is a hydrated sodium iron sulfide mineral.
It occurs with cylindrite, teallite, plagionite, zinkenite, cassiterite, wurtzite, pyrrhotite, marcasite, arsenopyrite, galena, pyrite, sphalerite, siderite and stannite.
Sapphirine has also been synthesized for experimental purposes via a hydrothermal process.
Harmotome is a mineral, one of the rarer zeolites; a hydrated barium silicate with formula:5Al5,Si11O32·12(H2O).
Massicot is lead oxide mineral with an orthorhombic lattice structure.
The type locality is the Chelopech copper ore deposit, Bulgaria.
For this reason, it may be classed as a true mineral.
It is colored greenish gray and leaves a gray streak.
Industrially, fluorite is used as a flux for smelting, and in the production of certain glasses and enamels.
Afwillite is typically found in veins of spurrite and it belongs to the nesosilicate sub-class.
Associated minerals include perovskite, gehlenite, hercynite, mayenite, grossite, hibonite, spinel and diopside.
It can be found in igneous rocks containing potassium feldspar and plagioclase.
For this reason chlorite minerals are ubiquitous minerals within low and medium temperature metamorphic rocks, some igneous rocks, hydrothermal rocks and deeply buried sediments.
It has a Mohs hardness of 3 and a specific gravity of 1.0.
Gordaite first appeared after a research dive in September 1984 from the Juan de Fuca Ridge of the northeastern side of the Pacific Ocean.
            
Nepheline crystals are rare and belong to the hexagonal system, usually having the form of a short, six-sided prism terminated by the basal plane.
Julgoldite has been recognized for its importance in low grade metamorphism, forming under shear stress accompanied by relatively low temperatures.
By then, the entire mineral collection from the Pinch Mineralogical Museum had been purchased by the Canadian Museum of Nature.
Penroseite is a rare mineral found in the Pacajake mines in Bolivia.
It was discovered in 1991 and designated IMA1991-053.
It occurs in the form of perfect crystals grouped in druses, in pegmatites, and is often of precious-stone quality.
Canfieldite exhibits conchoidal fracturing and no cleavage.
Associated minerals include cassiterite, scheelite, bismuth, quartz, pyrite, galena, sphalerite, and arsenopyrite.
Hausmannite is a brown to black metallic mineral with Mohs hardness of 5.5 and a specific gravity of 4.8.
When placed in ammonium solution, a crystal changes color to a distinguishing red.
X-ray diffraction reveals that the mineral has scrutinyite type structure with an orthorhombic symmetry and Pbcn or Pb2n space group.
Crystals are tetragonal, though commonly deformed to the extent of appearing monoclinic.
            
It is polymorphous with kapellasite and closely related to paratacamite.
Because of bicchulite’s structure it has a powdery texture, which leads to complications in obtaining information on the mineral’s physical properties.
It has been found in the Goldfields District in northern Saskatchewan, as well as in the Petrovice deposit, Czech Republic.
It is metallic black to steel black with no cleavage and a brittle to conchoidal fracture.
The most typical form is as botryoidal rounded grape-like masses.
Rutile has among the highest refractive indices at visible wavelengths of any known crystal, and also exhibits a particularly large birefringence and high dispersion.
It has also been noted within fluid inclusions within quartz in pegmatite bodies in the Bushveld complex of South Africa.
It occurs as fibrous spheres and exhibits tetragonal crystal structure.
Many older samples, however, have been found to be potassium alum.
It has a high vitreous to pearly luster and is fluorescent.
Paulscherrerite occurs as a canary yellow microcrystalline powdery product with a length of ~500 nm.
          
It was first described in 1827 for an occurrence in Moravia in the Czech Republic.
In turn, thenardite can also absorb water and converts to mirabilite.
Aluminium may sit on either the T or the B site.
It is found in meteorites, such as the Irwin-Ainsa meteorite, its type locality.
This secondary origin mineral is normally formed in the oxidation zones of ore deposits.
It is a member of the linnaeite group.
It occurs with ores of nickel, of which it is a product of alteration.
There is also an arsenate analogue called arsendescloizite.
It was designated the official gemstone of the City of Lethbridge, Alberta in 2007.
The discovery site was a mine dump of a hydrothermal ore deposit where it occurs with cesbronite and quartz.
It may also form directly from ianthinite.
The name is from the Greek cuspis for spear from its characteristic crystal form.
It is also found replacing perovskite in carbonatites.
Its crystal system is monoclinic, and it is white, yellow, or transparent in appearance.
Davidite is a rare earth oxide mineral with chemical end members La and Ce.
The X-ray diffraction pattern and powder mount were set aside until 1994.
The best crystals occur with mica, sanidine, garnet, etc., in the crystal-lined cavities of the ejected blocks of Monte Somma, Vesuvius.
Yuksporite is a rare inosilicate mineral with double width, unbranched chains, and the complicated chemical formula K4(Ca,Na)14Sr2Mn(Ti,Nb)4(O,OH)4(Si6O17)2(Si2O7)3(H2O,OH)3.
The name apophyllite refers to a specific group of phyllosilicates, a class of minerals.
Small amounts of sodium and potassium are usually present replacing part of the calcium.
The related, silver dominant, mineral species freibergite, although rare, is notable in that it can contain up to 18% silver.
It is only found in the far-western regions of New South Wales in Broken Hill, Australia.
            
Rare crystals are octahedral in form if occurring as precipitates from neutral water solution, but cubic in form if the solution is alkaline.
Therefore, it could be of use to structuralists to see how this mineral was formed.
It is a dimorph of the triclinic twinnite.
Jurbanite occurs as a secondary mineral in mines containing sulfide minerals.
The term chalcocite comes from the alteration of the obsolete name chalcosine, from the Greek khalkos, meaning copper.
It forms a series with dolomite and kutnohorite.
The name, which was coined by René Just Haüy, is from the Greek for διασπείρειν, to scatter, in allusion to its decrepitation on heating.
Alunogen also called feather alum and hair salt is a colourless to white fibrous to needle-like aluminium sulfate mineral.
The two minerals are very similar in appearance and the term calamine has been used for both, leading to some confusion.
It also belongs in the point group 2/m2/m2/m.
Occurs as well-formed fine sized crystals or massive and granular.
Leadhillite is monoclinic, susannite is trigonal and macphersonite is orthorhombic.
Similarly, the oxides are three-connected, unlike low-pressure forms of SiO2.
Apachite is a copper silicate mineral with a general formula of Cu9Si10O29·11H2O.
The material has physical properties which make it desirable for inclusion in building materials, but poses serious health risks when dispersed into air and inhaled.
Tsavorite formed in a Neoproterozoic metamorphic event which involved extensive folding and refolding of rock.
It was first described in 1842 for an occurrence in Faţa Băii, Zlatna, Alba County, Romania.
Limited Fe3+ substitutes for aluminium in the structure.
The mineral belongs to space group P-421m and is strongly piezoelectric.
Associated minerals include malachite, olivenite, quartz, limonite, adamite, azurite, and brochantite among others.
The rock sample also contains spinel, diopside, forsterite, nepheline, sodalite, corundum, stishovite, khatyrkite, cupalite and an unnamed AlCuFe alloy.
Apatite is the defining mineral for 5 on the Mohs scale.
Today, mines in northeast Afghanistan and Pakistan are still the major source of lapis lazuli.
                  
It is a complex silicate mineral with formula:56(Al6Si6O24)7(SO4)12·6H2O.
It is black in color with a glassy luster and a near perfect cleavage.
Thenardite is fluorescent, white in shortwave and yellow-green in longwave UV radiation.
Duhamelite is a calcium- and bismuth-bearing variety of mottramite, typically with acicular habit.
In general its occurrences are related with metamorphic manganese deposits.
Tyuyamunite is a very rare uranium mineral with formula Ca(UO2)2V2O8·(5-8)H2O.
Tsavorite or tsavolite is a variety of the garnet group species grossular, a calcium-aluminium garnet with the formula Ca3Al2Si3O12.
However, vaterite does occur naturally in mineral springs, organic tissue, gallstones, and urinary calculi.
TGG has a high Verdet constant which results in the Faraday effect.
The type locality is the Branchville Quarry, Branchville, Fairfield County, Connecticut where it was first reported in 1878.
It is identical in composition with the artificial product chrome yellow used as a paint pigment.
This article refers about a member of the mica group, and should not be confused with "margarita".
Ferberite occurs as granular masses and as slender prismatic crystals.
Fettelite, also known as sanguinite, is a mercury-sulfosalt mineral with the chemical formula Ag16HgAs4S15.
Cobaltite is a sulfide mineral composed of cobalt, arsenic and sulfur, CoAsS.
X-ray diffraction studies are required for positive identification.
Cancrinite is a complex carbonate and silicate of sodium, calcium and aluminium with the formula Na6Ca2[(CO3)2|Al6Si6O24]·2H2O.
It occurs with other sulfide and telluride minerals in hydrothermal ore occurrences.
It was first found at Tranquility Base on the Moon in 1969 and is named for Armstrong, Aldrin and Collins, the three Apollo 11 astronauts.
      
Pigeonite is a mineral in the clinopyroxene group.
It occurs as opaque, yellowish to silvery microscopic isometric crystals.
It is associated with calcite, dolomite, and pyrite in the late dolomite-calcite carbonatites.
It is an oxyhalide of lead with formula Pb3Cl2O2.
Amblygonite occurs with spodumene, apatite, lepidolite, tourmaline, and other lithium-bearing minerals in pegmatite veins.
It ranges in clarity from almost complete transparency to a brownish-gray crystal that is almost opaque.
            
the Kenton County meteorite of Kenton County, Kentucky
Kainosite is a biaxial mineral,so the light entering its crystals will be polarized in two vibration directions for it has two optic axes.
As a consequence, the physical properties of periclase are well known, which makes the mineral a popular standard in experimental work.
Minerals occurring with serendibite include diopside, spinel, phlogopite, scapolite, calcite, tremolite, apatite, grandidierite, sinhalite, hyalophane, uvite, pargasite, clinozoisite, forsterite, warwickite and graphite.
Associated minerals or phases include osbornite, coesite, kyanite and amorphous carbon.
Sapphire is a gemstone, a variety of the mineral corundum, an aluminium oxide.
It is typically massive to granular in habit with no cleavage and an irregular fracture.
It was first discovered in 1922, and named for its germanium content.
The name entered English in 1727 from the French version of the word: kaolin, following Francois Xavier d'Entrecolles's reports from Jingdezhen.
Phlogopite is a yellow, greenish, or reddish-brown member of the mica family of phyllosilicates.
Pyrrhotite is also called magnetic pyrite, because the color is similar to pyrite and it is weakly magnetic.
Maghemite is a hematite- and magnetite-related oxide mineral.
They are all colorless to pale pinkish-brown and transparent.
The mine is operated by Palmer Resources and the finished products are used internationally in industrial applications and in cosmetics marketed as New Zealand Glacial Clay.
Zinclipscombite is a dark green to brown zinc iron phosphate mineral with formula: Zn(Fe3+)2(PO4)2(OH)2.
Semseyite is a rarely occurring sulfosalt mineral and is part of the class of lead antimony sulfides.
It has a Mohs hardness of 4 and a specific gravity of 2.36.
It is the calcium analogue of zdenĕkite, and the arsenate analogue of sampleite.
Obsidian is a naturally occurring volcanic glass formed as an extrusive igneous rock.
It has a Mohs hardness of about 3.5 and is fluorescent under UV light.
The minerals that wiluite and viluite refer to have often been confused, and may refer to grossular, or wiluite.
      
Associated minerals include: bismutite, smaltite, native bismuth, atelestite, erythrite, malachite and barite.
It occurs in an oxidized vein in limestone bedrock with galena, ashoverite, wülfingite, anglesite, cerussite, hydrocerussite, litharge, fluorite, palygorskite and calcite.
It rarely occurs as single crystals, is in the triclinic crystal system, and is pale to bright yellow.
Schmiederite is a secondary mineral in the oxidized zone of selenium-bearing hydrothermal base metal deposits.
Cuprite was first described in 1845 and the name derives from the Latin cuprum for its copper content.
It is soft, Mohs hardness of 2.5, and has a specific gravity of 5.51.
In 1993 it was named "brianyoungite" after Brian Young, a field geologist with the British Geological Survey, who provided the first specimens.
It is one of two minerals, along with glauconite, used in making the pigment known as green earth.
           
It has a Mohs hardness of 3 to 4 and its cleavage is perfect.
It is quite soft, with a Mohs hardness of 1.5 to 2, and it has a low specific gravity of 1.5.
The aggregates are variable and may be spikey in appearance, dense and ball-like, or form worm-like growths.
It has been reported as forming alteration pseudomorphs of chiastolite along with muscovite and paragonite.
              
It is a cyclic hydrocarbon: dimethyl-isopropyl-perhydrophenanthrene, C19H34.
However, after being doped with an appropriate ion, YAG is commonly used as a host material in various solid-state lasers.
When iron content is high it is an opaque black variety, marmatite.
It may rarely be found as a single large euhedral crystal.
The mineral petzite, Ag3AuTe2, is a soft, steel-gray telluride mineral generally deposited by hydrothermal activity.
Nodules of massive thomsonite that display an attractive banded coloring are found along the shore of Lake Superior.
Common contaminants of polydymite are cobalt and iron.
          
It was first described in 1850 for an occurrence in Cervantes, Sierra de Ancares, Lugo, Galicia, Spain, and named for the locality.
Despite the initial announcement it turned out to be not a face centered high-temperature polymorph of chalcopyrite, but to have composition Cu18(Fe, Ni)18S32.
Since 1971, however, use of the term grossularite for the mineral has been discouraged by the International Mineralogical Association.
              
Indite is an extremely rare indium-iron sulfide mineral, found in Siberia.
The mineral also has an orthorhombic polytype.
It is a member of the aragonite group.
Synthetic barium aluminosilicate is used as a ceramic in dental fillings and other applications.
Melonite is a telluride of nickel; it is a metallic mineral.
Clintonite is a calcium magnesium aluminium phyllosilicate mineral.
It is a monoclinic mineral, but the typical form of occurrence is massive and clay-like with no macroscopic crystals.
Aragonite's crystal lattice differs from that of calcite, resulting in a different crystal shape, an orthorhombic crystal system with acicular crystal.
It has been shown that atacamite is a component of the jaws of some Glycera species.
Ikaite tends to form very steep or spiky pyramidal crystals, often radially arranged, of varied sizes from thumbnail size aggregates to gigantic salient spurs.
            O
It was approved by the International Mineralogical Association in 1998.
It occurs as earthy pale to brownish yellow incrustations and lath shaped crystals.
Tokyoite is a rare barium manganese vanadate mineral with the chemical formula: Ba2(Mn3+,Fe3+)OH(VO4)2.
Hydroxylapatite crystals are also found in the small calcifications, within the pineal gland and other structures, known as corpora arenacea or 'brain sand'.
It crystallizes in the trigonal system forming typically opaque, black to reddish black crystals.
          O
The mineral was subsequently discredited in 1940, reinstated and named neomesselite in 1955, and the name restored to messelite in 1959.
It has also been found at Mont-Saint-Hilaire in Quebec and in the Lovozero Massif of the Kola Peninsula in Russia
Parsonsite contains about 45% lead and 25% uranium.
The other mineral species known as jade is jadeite, which is a variety of pyroxene.
This type of interrupted framework is known in only one other zeolite, the mineral roggianite.
Commonly found as small octahedra it is white, but impurities of realgar or orpiment may give it a pink or yellow hue.
The chemical formula is MnFe2O4 or with oxidation states and substitutions:(Fe3+,Mn3+)2O4.
As knorringite is a member of the knorringite - pyrope series, natural samples contain variable aluminium in the chromium site.
Ferberite typically occurs in pegmatites, granitic greisens, and high temperature hydrothermal deposits.
Zinc commonly occurs with the iron and trace germanium may be present.
Its crystals are produced with the Czochralski method.
Millerite is a nickel sulfide mineral, NiS.
Forsterite has an unusually high melting temperature at atmospheric pressure, almost 1,900 °C, but the melting temperature of fayalite is much lower.
It has also been reported from the Desdemona Mine, Peine, Lower Saxony, Germany.
Bustamite could be confused with light-colored rhodonite or pyroxmangite, but both these minerals are biaxial whereas bustamite is biaxial.
Strontianite is an important raw material for the extraction of strontium.
Polysynthetic twinning can occur along its and another type of twinning can occur parallel to its optical axes.
The formula can be written as the oxide formulation, Na2O.5B2O3.10H2O.
Associated minerals include katoptrite, magnetite, manganostibite, magnussonite, tephroite, manganhumite and manganosite in the Brattfors mine area of Nordmark, Värmland, Sweden.
Canfieldite was first described in 1893 from an occurrence in Colquechaca, Potosí Department, Bolivia.
The iron/manganese ratio is quite variable and many specimens have almost no iron.
Since the transformation is accompanied by a significant change in volume, it can easily induce fracturing of ceramics or rocks passing through this temperature limit.
Austinite is a member of the adelite-descloizite group, adelite subgroup, the Zn end member of the Cu-Zn series with conichalcite.
Pyrrhotite is an iron sulfide mineral with the formula Fe(1-x)S. It is a nonstoichiometric variant of FeS, the mineral known as troilite.
It is a relatively rare phosphate mineral.
The quest for mining led to the discovery of telluride ores which were found to be associated with metals.
It was first named in 1910 after an occurrence in the Samson Vein of the Sankt Andreasberg silver mines, Harz Mountains, Germany.
Many references have formally abandoned this term, preferring to categorise this mineral as enstatite or ferrosilite.
Under electron irradiation, it emits strong blue cathodoluminescence.
Zincite crystals can be grown artificially, and synthetic zincite crystals are available as a by-product of zinc smelting.
This resemblance is not coincidental, as mimetite forms a mineral series with pyromorphite3Cl) and with vanadinite3Cl).
It forms under acidic to neutral pH and is the only known mineral that contains only uranyl and carbonate.
Sanidinite facies represent the highest conditions of temperature of contact metamorphism and are characterized by the absence of hydrous minerals.
It alters to siderotil by loss of water.
Eveite is a manganese arsenate mineral in the olivenite group.
Gypsum pseudomorphs are common due to increased humidity.
Therefore, once vaterite is exposed to water, it converts to calcite or aragonite.
It was first described in 1788 for an occurrence in the Karoo dolerites of Cradock, Eastern Cape Province, South Africa.
It was first described by August Breithaupt in 1865 for an occurrence in the Ilimaussaq intrusive complex of southwest Greenland.
Natural prasiolite is a very light, translucent green.
It was first described in 1880 for an occurrence near Pikes Peak, Colorado.
Found in the Tsumeb mine in Tsumeb, Namibia at an unknown date and unknown depth, the mineral was first cataloged in 1994.
It is named after Jean Marie Francois Joseph Derriks, geologist and administrator of the Union Minière du Haut Katanga.
It is rated 7.5 on the Mohs Scale.
Similar to carnelian is sard, which is generally harder and darker.
It is a metamorphic mineral associated with the blueschist and greenschist facies.
A typical structural formula for nontronite is Ca.5(Si7Al.8Fe.2)(Fe3.5Al.4Mg.1)O20(OH)4.
It can be confused with chlorite or with a clay mineral.Glauconite has the chemical formula –1.2-2.0(Fe+3,Al,Fe+2,Mg)4(Si7-7.6Al1-0.4)020(OH)2.nH2O
Duftite is a relatively common arsenate mineral with the formula CuPb(AsO4)(OH), related to conichalcite.
Djurleite is a copper sulfide mineral of secondary origin with formula Cu31S16 that crystallizes with monoclinic-prismatic symmetry.
It has been found in two mines in Italy and one in Japan, for which it was named.
Taranakite forms small white, pale yellow, or gray crystals, which are typically found in pulverulent nodular aggregates, or crusts.
Iron Fe, tantalum Ta and niobium Nb are common impurities.
Arquerite is a naturally occurring alloy of silver with mercury.
Diarist John Evelyn and travel writer Celia Fiennes were amongst those who described them.
The iron content is variable up to eight percent.
Its natural colour is black or dark grey, and it is more porous than other diamonds.
It is an orthorhombic mineral which occurs as aggregates or spherules of green needlelike crystals.
It comes in shades of blue and green and, when rubbed on a streak plate, is pale green to white in color.
Sylvite is the official mineral of Saskatchewan.
The name "omphacite" has been applied to compositions that contain between 20% and 80% jadeite.
It is dark to pale brown, has orange-brown streak and is vitreous.
It was named for Shulamit Gross of the Geological Survey of Israel.
Khmaralite is closely related to sapphirine with a difference in the tetrahedral sequence chain.
It also occurs in the Tonopah, Nevada area and in hydrothermal areas in New Zealand and Japan.
It was first described for an occurrence in the Constanicia mine, Tazna, Bolivia, in 1876.
Paramelaconite is a rare, black-colored copper oxide mineral with formula Cu21+Cu22+O3.
The mineral is a member of the bjarebyite group along with kulanite, ideally BaFe2+2Al2(PO4)3(OH)3, and bjarebyite, ideally BaMn2+2Al2(PO4)3(OH)3.
It was found originally in Galicia, Spain in 1851, and named after Spanish diplomat and dramatist Antonio Gil y Zárate.
Coloradoite, also known as mercury telluride, is a rare telluride ore associated with metallic deposit.
Calaverite and sylvanite represent the major telluride ores of gold, although such ores are minor sources of gold in general.
The mineral has a maximum birefringence value of δ = 0.040 which describes the difference between the highest and lowest index of refraction for the mineral.
It forms transparent to translucent colorless, white, and bluish to pinkish grey glassy to greasy crystals.
It is a cyclosilicate mineral that shows trigonal symmetry with the space group R3m, and is often seen with a pseudo-hexagonal habit.
Almost all commercially mined rhenium is retrieved as a by-product of molybdenum mining as rhenium occurs in amounts up to 0.2% in the mineral molybdenite.
It is transparent and has vitreous luster.
Spessartine's name is a derivative of Spessart in Bavaria, Germany, the type locality of the mineral.
Tincalconite typically occurs as a fine grained white powder.
It also finds use in solid-state lasers in Faraday rotators, in data storage, and in various nonlinear optics applications.
Olivenite is a copper arsenate that is isostructural with adamite and there is considerable substitution between zinc and copper resulting in an intermediate called cuproadamite.
It is associated with rockbridgeite, ferrisicklerite, leucophosphite, jahnsite, montgomeryite, collinsite and hureaulite in the type locality.
The name is probably derived from the town Chalcedon in Asia Minor.
It can form by direct deposition from a supersaturated solution, which produces true crystalline metatorbernite, with a dark green colour, translucent diaphaneity, and vitreous lustre.
Lead tungstate crystals are used in the Compact Muon Solenoid's electromagnetic calorimeter.
The mineral is part of the blodite group of hydrated double sulfate minerals.
Other occurrences are in California, Nevada, and in the filled paleo sinkholes and caves of Missouri.
The Mohs hardness is 5.5, and the specific gravity 2.47.
Commonly, natural sapphires are cut and polished into gemstones and worn in jewelry.
It is not isomorphous with the orthorhombic barium and strontium sulfates, as might be expected from the chemical formulas.
Talc is not soluble in water, but is slightly soluble in dilute mineral acids.
Massicot can be found as a natural mineral, though it is only found in minor quantities.
Zinnwaldite, KLiFeAl(AlSi3)O10(OH,F)2, potassium lithium iron aluminium silicate hydroxide fluoride is a silicate mineral in the mica group.
The name derives from the Persian zargun meaning gold-hued.
They were formerly confused under the names green lead ore and brown lead ore.
It is a blackish lead-grey in colour and gives a black shining streak.
The color varies from green to yellow.
Hydrophilite is a now discredited calcium chloride mineral that is considered to be either antarcticite or sinjarite.
More generally, it refers to the dark mica series, primarily a solid-solution series between the iron-endmember annite, and the magnesium-endmember phlogopite; more aluminous end-members include siderophyllite.
Jalpaite is a rare copper silver sulfide mineral with formula Ag3CuS2.
Studtite, chemical formula [(UO2)O2(H2O)2]·2(H2O) or UO4·4(H2O), is a secondary uranium mineral containing peroxide formed by the alpha-radiolysis of water during formation.
It crystallizes in the monoclinic crystal system.
It is a combined copper lead sulfate hydroxide with formula PbCuSO4(OH)2.
Struvite urinary stones and crystals form readily in the urine of animals and humans that are infected with ammonia-producing organisms.
It occurs associated with nyerereite, alabandite, halite, sylvite, fluorite and calcite.
It is a copper mercury-bearing sulfosalt and is the only sulfosalt mineral with essential Cu and Hg yet known.
It forms a series with the arsenate mineral fornacite.
Crystals were first reported from Tick Canyon, California, and later at Iona, Nova Scotia.
Lavendulan is an uncommon copper arsenate mineral, known for its characteristic intense electric blue colour.
It was named for Frederick Alexander Canfield, an American mining engineer.
It crystallizes in the orthorhombic – dipyramidal crystal system and usually occurs in a granular massive form and also as fibrous acicular crystals.
Huntite crystallizes in the trigonal system and typically occurs as platy crystals and powdery masses.
Tripuhyite is an iron antimonate mineral with composition FeSbO4.
The phase was originally known as β-Mg2SiO4 or “beta-phase”.
The crystals tend to be long thin blades that typically form radial aggregates, and sometimes fans and tufts.
The Dhofar 378 meteorite is 47% maskelynite by volume.
It has been used as a pigment in painting and cloth dyeing since at least the sixth or seventh century CE.
The hardness is 4, and the specific gravity is 4.3.
Powellite is a calcium molybdate mineral with formula CaMoO4.
Lorándite is a thallium arsenic sulfosalt with the chemical formula: TlAsS2.
Junitoite is a mineral with formula CaZn2Si2O7·H2O.
Pyrophyllite is a phyllosilicate mineral composed of aluminium silicate hydroxide: Al2Si4O10(OH)2.
Commonly found with and as coatings on chalcocite, chalcopyrite, bornite, enargite, pyrite, and other sulfides, it often occurs as pseudomorphic replacements after other minerals.
Fayalite forms solid solution series with the magnesium olivine endmember forsterite and also with the manganese rich olivine endmember tephroite.
The zincite found at the Franklin Furnace is red-colored, mostly due to iron and manganese dopants, and associated with willemite and franklinite.
It is commonly associated with beryl, quartz, spessartine, hematite, pseudobrookite, hausmannite, braunite and topaz in pneumatolytic or hydrothermal veins and cavities and in metamorphic rocks.
This mineral is named after Francis Tucker Jones, who discovered the mineral while working as a Research Chemical Microscopist at Berkeley in CA.
The isometric class has crystallographic axes that are all the same length and each of the three axes perpendicular to the other two.
With increasing manganese it forms a series with mangan-neptunite.
It is an iron(II) rich member of the magnetoplumbite group.
It may be associated with cerussite, plattnerite, azurite, malachite, pyromorphite, mimetite, beudantite, duftite, crocoite, gibbsite, allophane and limonite.
Fluckite is an arsenate mineral with the chemical formula CaMnH2(AsO4)2·2(H2O).
Its name comes from Tellus, which is the Latin name for the planet Earth.
It is an anhydrous, sodic member of the whitlockite group.
It was first described in 1808 for material from the El Castellar Mine, Villarrubia de Santiago, Toledo, Castile-La Mancha, Spain.
Polybasite is a sulfosalt mineral of silver, copper, antimony and arsenic.
Digenite is a black to dark blue opaque mineral that crystallizes with a trigonal - hexagonal scalenohedral structure.
Aurichalcite is a carbonate mineral, usually found as a secondary mineral in copper and zinc deposits.
It was long considered the hardest known oxide; however, boron suboxide has been discovered in 2002 to be much harder.
Villiaumite is a rare halide mineral composed of sodium fluoride, NaF.
It is typically orange, yellow or brownish yellow.
It is found in hydrothermal deposits and as a secondary mineral in gossans worldwide.
It is associated with adamite, stranskiite, koritnigite, claudetite, tsumcorite, and ludlockite.
Naturally-magnetized pieces of magnetite, called lodestone, will attract small pieces of iron, which is how ancient peoples first discovered the property of magnetism.
The mineral is composed of 18.86% manganese, 40.76% tin, 7.42% boron, and 32.96% oxygen.
Forsterite is associated with igneous and metamorphic rocks and has also been found in meteorites.
          
It is unstable and immediately dehydrates into metaswitzerite on exposure to the atmosphere.
          
They have been compared to an angular flying saucer.
Minerals of the melilite group are sorosilicates.
It was "grandfathered" in as a species of mineral because it was described prior to 1959, before the founding of the International Mineralogical Association.
Many metal sulfides are grey to black, but a few are brightly colored.
It is also found in phosphate bearing iron ores and rarely in pegmatites.
Vermiculite is formed by weathering or hydrothermal alteration of biotite or phlogopite.
It is brittle with an uneven fracture.
The formula for samarskite-(Y) is also given as:(Nb,Ta)O4.
It has a Mohs hardness of 1.5 to 2 and a specific gravity of 3.1 to 3.2.
It is named after Richard W. Barstow, a Cornish mineral collector.
The breaking of these bonds required to convert cristobalite to tridymite and quartz requires considerable activation energy and may not happen on a human time frame.
It has a chemical formula of Cu(OH,Cl)2•2(H2O).
Crossite is named after Charles Whitman Cross, an American USGS petrologist.
It fluoresces light blue under both long- and short-wave UV light, and is phosphorescent under short-wave UV light.
Alforsite is a constituent of the apatite group of minerals.
It was named for Umberto Sborgi,, Professor of Chemistry, University of Milan, Italy.
Its crystals are small tetragonal tablets with vitreous luster and perfect cleavage.
The mineral is named for Cymru, which is the Welsh word for Wales.
        
It has a specific gravity of 5.7 and exhibits two directions of cleavage.
These are described, e.g., by Pliny the Elder.
It crystallises in the monoclinic crystal system.
It is transparent to translucent with indices of refraction of nα=1.663–1.699, nβ=1.671–1.705, and nγ=1.693–1.728.
              4
The mineral is between 6 and 7 on the Mohs hardness scale, and its specific gravity ranges from 3.10 to 3.38, depending on the variety.
It typically accompanies kamacite, and more rarely schreibersite, cohenite or plessite.
It was named after French mineralogist Aime Marthoz, former Director-general of the Union Miniere du Haut Katanga.
Dypingite is a hydrated magnesium carbonate mineral with the formula: Mg5(CO3)4(OH)2·5H2O.
Cobalt, Queensland and the Dome Rock copper mine, Mingary, South Australia.
Rhodonite is a manganese inosilicate,SiO3 and member of the pyroxenoid group of minerals, crystallizing in the triclinic system.
Synchysite-(Ce) is a carbonate mineral and an end member of the synchysite group.
It was recognized as a mineral in August 2013 by the International Mineralogical Association.
The mineral was first described by Wang and Paniagua who named it after M. Fettel, a German field geologist who collected the first samples from Odenwald.
It is birefringent, which means that it has two distinct indices of refraction.
It is typically massive in form, but does at times develop thin tabular to prismatic crystals.
Atacamite is polymorphous with botallackite, clinoatacamite, and paratacamite.
It is mined as an ore of cobalt and nickel with a by-product of arsenic.
It has a vitreous luster and leaves a brownish-red streak.
Glaucodot is a cobalt iron arsenic sulfide mineral with formula:AsS.
It crystallizes in the orthorhombic crystal system.
It is physically and crystallographically distinct from pyrite, which is iron sulfide with cubic crystal structure.
It also occurs as cavity and vesicle fillings associated with prehnite, calcite, and zeolites.
Stibnite, sometimes called antimonite, is a sulfide mineral with the formula Sb2S3.
It occurs in the Carlin gold deposit of Eureka County, Nevada as cubic crystals sized between 0.1 and 4 mm, and is of hydrothermal origin.
It occurs associated with paralaurionite, penfieldite, fiedlerite, phosgenite, cerussite and anglesite.
The mineral cristobalite is a high-temperature polymorph of silica, meaning that it has the same chemical formula as quartz, SiO2, but a distinct crystal structure.
It occurs in all different colors in daylight, in fibrous masses, solid brown masses, and apple green gemmy masses.
In the mid 20th century the minerals, ground to a fine powder, found use as a filler for rubber shoe soles.
It has the same spinel ferrite structure as magnetite and is also ferrimagnetic.
Shattuckite is a relatively rare copper silicate mineral.
The normal habit is massive to fibrous.
It has been reported from a variety of locations in Europe, India and the United States.
Despite the similarity in names between halite and it, their only connection is that both are evaporite minerals.
It is highly fluorescent under shortwave ultraviolet light.
Orthoclase, or orthoclase feldspar, is an important tectosilicate mineral which forms igneous rock.
It forms by the weathering and ultimate pseudomorphism of uranium-lead bearing minerals such as metaschoepite.
In nature it is frequently altered to zeolites, sodalite, kaolin, or compact muscovite.
It forms an isomorphous series with kupletskite, to which it is visually identical and often intimately associated.
The most wanted variation of fluorapophyllite is the green colored variant, which is found in India.
It was discovered in 1834 in Atyrau Province, Kazakhstan.
the Canyon Diablo meteorite of Meteor Crater, Coconino County, Arizona
The inhibition of atomic diffusion through this highly viscous and polymerized lava explains the lack of crystal growth.
It is a member of the inderite group and is a triclinic dimorph of the monoclinic inderite.
It is a soft, sectile mineral occurring in monoclinic crystals, or in granular, compact, or powdery form, often in association with the related mineral, orpiment.
It has a Mohs hardness of 5 to 5.5 and a specific gravity of 5.88.
In Europe it is reported from Příbram, Czech Republic; Hesse, Germany; and Liskeard, Cornwall, England.
It is also reported from Liguria and Tuscany, Italy; New South Wales, Australia and Madhya Pradesh, India.
It has very poor cleavage and a brittle to conchoidal fracture.
Purpurite is a mineral, manganese phosphate, MnPO4 with varying amounts of iron depending upon its source.
As such, it is only found in very dry saline areas.
The sodium variety was described in 1997 for an occurrence in Chojabaru, Nagasaki Prefecture, Japan.
It crystallizes in the monoclinic crystal system and is typically massive to fibrous as well as in slender prismatic crystals.
It is named for Danbury, Connecticut, United States, where it was first discovered in 1839 by Charles Upham Shephard.
It may be termed "displacive"; i.e., it is not generally possible to prevent the cubic β-form from becoming tetragonal by rapid cooling.
It occurs metamorphic rocks of the greenschist to amphibolite metamorphic facies and in low-temperature hydrothermal veins in altered volcanic rocks.
It is sometimes known as yellow copperas.
The mineral is one of many rare earth element minerals from Mont Saint-Hilaire.
Sincosite is a green mineral discovered in 1922.
The large black stone is surrounded by a row of 35 pear shaped smaller white diamonds.
It is also known from the Mont Saint-Hilaire intrusive complex of Québec, Canada.
Aheylite was made the newest member of the turquoise group in 1984 by International Mineralogical Association Commission on New Minerals and Mineral Names.
Native copper was an important ore of copper in historic times and was used by pre-historic peoples.
Its indices of refraction are nα=1.660 - 1.671, nβ=1.673 - 1.683 and nγ=1.674 - 1.684.
It occurs in high alkali intrusive igneous rocks.
In the past, this variety has been called leonhardite, though this is not a valid mineral species.
It occurs in association with becquerelite, brochantite, uranophane, kasolite, vandenbrandeite, liebigite and compreignacite.
It has refractive indices of nα=1.674–1.748, nβ=1.675–1.754 and nγ=1.688–1.764.
Triplite is a rare phosphate mineral with formula:2PO4(F,OH).
It occurs in rocks which have undergone low to medium grade regional metamorphism and in contact metamorphism of high calcium sedimentary rocks.
Jurbanite was first described for an occurrence in the San Manuel mine of Pinal County, Arizona and first described in 1976s.
Lazurite was first described in 1890 for an occurrence in the Sar-e-Sang District, Koksha Valley, Badakhshan Province, Afghanistan.
Chamosite is the Fe2+end member of the chlorite group.
A crystal that yielded a 120.68-carat oval mixed-cut gem was also uncovered in early 2006.
Stannoidite was first described in 1969 for an occurrence in the Konjo mine, Okayama prefecture, Honshu Island, Japan.
It has a perfect basal cleavage, and the folia are not elastic, although slightly flexible.
Its name came from William Henry Bragg and his son, William Lawrence Bragg.
Colors can range from clear to white, or even a pale yellow or pink.
Due to the moderate uranium content of 48.27% it is radioactive and also used as uranium ore.
The crystals are naturally hexagonal in shape, and, until late 2004, only two had been cut into faceted gemstones.
Its name is from the Greek θερμός, "thermos", heat, plus natron, because it may be a dehydration product of natron.
Artroeite2) is a mineral found in Arizona.
When asbestos is used for its resistance to fire or heat, the fibers are often mixed with cement or woven into fabric or mats.
Scrutinyite  is a rare oxide mineral and is the alpha crystalline form of lead dioxide, plattnerite being the other, beta form.
Vauquelinite is a complex mineral with the formula CuPb2(CrO4)(PO4)(OH) making it a combined chromate and phosphate of copper and lead.
    {\displaystyle {\ce {Fe^{3+}2O(SO4)2.7H2O}}}
the gold is not easily cyanide leached from the mineral matrix.
              24
It is thought to be a contact mineral formed at high temperature on the interface between volcanic rocks and limestone.
They went on to form Ammolite Minerals Ltd.
It crystallizes in the monoclinic crystal system typically as crusts, tabular crystals, and diamond-shaped crystals.
Eveite is significant because it was the first mineral to show Mn2+ atoms in five-fold coordination, which is otherwise undocumented in mineral structures.
It is a member of pyroxene group and clinopyroxene subgroup.
It forms an essential constituent of certain alkaline plutonic rocks of the nepheline syenite series, which are typically developed in southern Norway.
It has a Mohs hardness of 5.5 to 6.5 and a specific gravity of 2.75 to 2.80.
It typically occurs as a hydrothermal alteration product of primary phosphate minerals in granite pegmatites.
It occurs as blue green, colorless, gray, yellow to white crystals in the orthorhombic - pyramidal crystal system.
Delafossite along with other minerals of the ABO2 group has been recognized for its electrical properties from insulation to metallic conduction.
The two endmembers are meionite and marialite.
Ulexite is frequently found associated with colemanite, borax, meyerhofferite, hydroboracite, probertite, glauberite, trona, mirabilite, calcite, gypsum and halite.
Large commercial vermiculite mines currently exist in Russia, South Africa, China, and Brazil.
It was discovered in 1832 in the Susannah Mine, Leadhills in the county of Lanarkshire, Scotland.
It forms transparent to translucent variably coloured crystals with an adamantine lustre.
It has an anorthite percentage of between 50 and 70.
Robertsite, Ca3(Mn3+)4[(OH)3|2]2·3(H2O)3O2)(H2O)3), is a secondary phosphate mineral named for Willard Lincoln Roberts, mineralogist and professor at South Dakota School of Mines in Rapid City, South Dakota.
It was first discovered in 1915 in the copper mines of Bisbee, Arizona, specifically the Shattuck Mine.
A polytype of chesterite could be anthophyllite, which has a similar crystal structure.
As of 2012, it is known from only one mine in South Australia.
            
          
Monazite is a reddish-brown phosphate mineral containing rare earth metals.
It crystallizes in the tetragonal crystal system typically as clear to white vitreous prisms.
Hypersthene is a common rock-forming inosilicate mineral belonging to the group of orthorhombic pyroxenes.
It is the arsenate analogue of the sulfate gypsum and the phosphate brushite.
The mineral was named after Professor Hans E. Suess.
Since it is a member of the pyroxene family, there is a great deal of interest in its importance to general geologic processes.
Frankdicksonite was officially recognized by the Commission of New Minerals and Mineral Names in 1974.
            
Euchroite is a hydrated copper arsenate hydroxide mineral with formula: Cu2AsO4OH·3H2O.
A quantitative analysis of the X-ray diffraction data of lonsdaleite has shown that about equal amounts of hexagonal and cubic stacking sequences are present.
An interesting consequence is the generation of three cones, two of which are polarized, when a laser beam obliquely illuminates the fibers.
Later its occurrence was proved in the Gruvåsen deposit, near Filipstad, Bergslagen, Sweden.
It is a member of the kaolinite-serpentine mineral group and occurs as an oxidation product of zinc deposits.
Caryopilite is a brown-colored mineral with formula3Si2O5(OH)4.
In color and appearance, it is very similar to rhodocrosite, another manganese bearing mineral.
In its lattice structure, zinc and iron atoms share the same lattice sites.
Margarite is a calcium rich member of the mica group of the phyllosilicates with formula: CaAl2(Al2Si2)O10(OH)2.
It occurs associated with alleghanyite, rhodonite, sonolite, spessartine, tephroite, kutnohorite, manganhumite, jacobsite, kellyite and alabandite in the Bald Knob area.
Saliotite is a rare colorless to pearl white phyllosilicate mineral in the smectite group with formulaAl3(OH)5.
Jerrygibbsite is member of the leucophoenite family of the humite group.
Ferro-kaersutite is the divalent iron rich endmember of the kaersutite group, with the iron replacing magnesium in the structure.
It was named for the Belgian geologist Paul Fourmarier.
It has a hardness of about 4 and a density of 3.79 g/cm3.
Small amounts of helium are also present in uraninite as a result of alpha decay.
Tiemannite is a mineral, mercury selenide, formula HgSe.
Leadhillite is a lead sulfate carbonate hydroxide mineral, often associated with anglesite.
Berborite is rated 3 on the Mohs Scale.
First discovered in Colorado in 1877, other deposits containing coloradoite have been discovered since then.
It is found in association with calcite, franklinite, willemite, hardystonite and clinohedrite.
The second discovery occurred in gabbro-pegmatites in the Ural Mountains, Russia.
Trevorite is a rare nickel iron oxide mineral belonging to the spinel group.
Thenardite is an anhydrous sodium sulfate mineral, Na2SO4 which occurs in arid evaporite environments.
It is biaxial, so it has two optic axes and three indices of refraction n depending on the crystallographic direction.
The chemical element samarium was first isolated from a specimen of samarskite in 1879.
The sole rock containing Billwiseite is kept at the Royal Ontario Museum, catalogue number M5595.
The hemispherical indentation itself is an important element of paleoart, known as a "cupule".
Huttonite is a thorium nesosilicate mineral with the chemical formula ThSiO4 and which crystallizes in the monoclinic system.
Edenite is named for the locality of Edenville, Orange County, New York, where it was first described.
Aegirine is a member of the clinopyroxene group of inosilicates.
Molybdite is the naturally occurring mineral form of molybdenum trioxide MoO3.
The type locality for Robertsite is the Tip Top mine, Custer County, South Dakota, US.
The birefringence of Fettelite is moderate white to grayish brown.
It is green, often botryoidal, and occurs in the oxidation zone of some metal deposits.
It is a deep red to greenish black mineral which crystallizes in the trigonal system.
It is found in samples of iquiqueite leached from caliche amarillo.
the North Chile meteorite in the Antofagasta Province, Chile
Tuperssuatsiaite is a rare clay mineral found in Greenland, Namibia and Brazil.
It is typically colorless, white to gray, although it may be brick red due to iron oxide inclusions.
Berborite occurs in 1T, 2T, 2H polytypes.
It is a secondary sulfate mineral which forms from the oxidation of primary sulfide minerals such as pyrite and marcasite in the near-surface environment.
The mineral was first described in 1853 from an occurrence in the silver mines of the type locality at Freiberg, Saxony.
The color is white, yellow-white, or gray.
It has a perfect, prismatic cleavage, almost at right angles.
A parallel series of antimonide minerals exist.
            H
It was first described in 1920 for an occurrence in North Groton, Grafton County, New Hampshire.
In sheltered areas, the main corrosion product is antlerite.
Forms under high pressure conditions and reverts to goethite on exposure to surface conditions.
In an occurrence in Kalgoorlie, Australia it is found in black slate associated with pyrrhotite.
Moissanite is the name given to naturally occurring silicon carbide and to its various crystalline polymorphs.
It has also been reported from Italy, Morocco, Chile, British Columbia and several locations in Germany.
These formations are clusters of straight, radiating, fibrous crystals that are both bendable and fragile.
Physically, it has a hardness of about 6, a dull luster and appears gray in color but transparent.
Nitratine was once an important source of nitrates for fertilizer and other chemical uses including fireworks.
Eirikite was named in 2007 after Eirik Raude, or Erik the Red,, who discovered Greenland and who was the father of Leif Ericson.
It can be found in the Akhtensk brown ironstone deposit, in the southern Ural Mountains, on Mt.
The boron units have a formula of [B5O6(OH)6]3– and a charge of −3.
It has a Mohs hardness of 5 and a specific gravity of 2.81–2.87.
Andesine is a silicate mineral, a member of the plagioclase feldspar solid solution series.
The group consists of faujasite-Na, faujasite-Mg and faujasite-Ca.
Vaterite is a mineral, a polymorph of calcium carbonate.
The name comes from the Greek words αρσενικόν and κλάσις, as arsenoclasite contains arsenic and has perfect cleavage.
Loellingite, also spelled löllingite, is an iron arsenide mineral with formula FeAs2.
Fluoridated water allows exchange in the teeth of fluoride ions for hydroxyl groups in apatite.
Other blue minerals such as the carbonate azurite and the phosphate lazulite may be confused with lazurite, but are easily distinguished with careful examination.
It has a Mohs hardness of 5.5-6 and a specific gravity of 3.4.
The cubic β phase consists of dynamically disordered silica tetrahedra.
The type locality for clinoclase is the Wheal Gorland mine at St Day, Cornwall in the United Kingdom.
It has been reported from the Maqarin Area of north Jordan and in the Crestmore Quarry near Crestmore Heights, Riverside County, California.
Moonstone is a sodium potassium aluminium silicate, with the chemical formulaAlSi3O8.
Chemical analyses show minor inclusion of niobium oxide.
Ajoite is a hydrated sodium potassium copper aluminium silicate hydroxide mineral.
Erythrite occurs as a secondary mineral in the oxide zone of Co–Ni–As bearing mineral deposits.
Eudialyte was first described in 1819 for an occurrence in nepheline syenite of the Ilimaussaq intrusive complex of southwest Greenland.
              
Mordenite’s molecular structure is a framework containing chains of five-membered rings of linked silicate and aluminate tetrahedra.
            
It is sometimes mistaken for sodalite and has been used as imitation lapis lazuli.
Derriksite is a very rare uranium mineral with the chemical formula Cu4(UO2)(SeO3)2(OH)6•H2O.
As this mineral is water-soluble, samples must be stored in dry conditions.
It crystallizes in the monoclinic system, usually as long prismatic crystals showing a diamond-shaped cross section, but also in fibrous, bladed, acicular, columnar, and radiating forms.
Xitieshanite is a hydrous iron sulfate–chloride mineral with chemical formula: Fe3+(SO4)Cl·6(H2O).
Its specific gravity is 3.28–3.35, and it has two perfect and one very good cleavage directions.
The type locality at Lake Boga is the only reported occurrence and the type specimen is located at the Museum Victoria, Melbourne, Australia, as #M38576.
Similar in appearance and feel to graphite, molybdenite has a lubricating effect that is a consequence of its layered structure.
It was first discovered in 1979 in rodingitic dikes in an ophiolite zone of the Taurus Mountains in southwest Turkey.
There are also aluminian hisingerite variety in which one of the iron atoms is replaced by aluminium and chrome-alumina-hisingerite variety in which chromium substitutes for iron.
In meteorites it occurs with perovskite, melilite, hibonite, spinel and calcium rich pyroxene.
Three crystals are usually twinned together on two faces of the prism, producing six-rayed stellate groups with the individual crystals intercrossing at angles of nearly 60°.
Aragonite may be columnar or fibrous, occasionally in branching stalactitic forms called flos-ferri from their association with the ores at the Carinthian iron mines.
Schröckingerite crystallizes in the orthorhombic system, occurring as globular clusters, and fluoresces yellow-green under ultraviolet light.
The hardness is 5.5–6.5, and the specific gravity 3.4–3.7; luster is vitreous, being less frequently pearly on cleavage surfaces.
The crystal structure of periclase corresponds to that of halite and has been studied extensively due to its simplicity.
Its name originates from the Greek γλανκός in reference to its use in the dark blue glass called smalt.
The fibrous form of tremolite is one of the six recognised types of asbestos.
It exhibits perfect cleavage and a brittle fracture.
It was named after the French physicist Antoine Henri Becquerel, who discovered radioactivity in 1896.
Galaxite, also known as 'mangan-spinel' is an isometric mineral belonging to the spinel group of oxides with the ideal chemical formula Mn2+Al2O4.
The crystals are rhombohedral2, and specific gravity of 2.90.
Reinerite is a rare arsenite) mineral with chemical formula Zn3(AsO3)2.
Seeligerite is a rare complex lead chlorate iodate mineral with formula: Pb3Cl3(IO3)O.
It is named after the place where it was discovered in 1961, the Mammoth Good Hope Mine in Vulcan, Gunnison County, Colorado, US.
It is named for Lorrin Thomas Brownmiller, chief chemist of the Alpha Portland Cement Company, Easton, Pennsylvania.
Waterhouseite, Mn7(PO4)2(OH)8, is a hydroxy manganese phosphate mineral.
It occurs in association with apophyllite, natrolite, thaumasite, merwinite, spurrite, gehlenite, ettringite, portlandite, hillebrandite, foshagite, brucite and calcite.
The mineral name was approved by the International Mineralogical Association in 2003.
Feldspars are also found in many types of sedimentary rocks.
Freibergite is a complex sulfosalt mineral of silver, copper, iron, antimony and arsenic with formula12(Sb,As)4S13.
Well-formed crystals from this series, varying in color from very dark-red to bright yellow-orange, were found in Latinka, Rhodope Mountains, Kardzhali Province, Bulgaria.
Much of the coloration is due to the inclusion of copper or associated minerals in progressive stages of hydrothermal precipitation.
Although it is a fairly rare mineral, it is the most frequently encountered member of the humite group of minerals.
It was first described in 1967 for an occurrence in the Tincalayu Mine, Salar Del Hombre Muerto, Salta, Argentina.
It also has very distinct relief, which means it stands out against its mounting medium and can be easily seen.
Zanazziite arises as barrel-shaped crystals and can reach up to 4 mm.
The melilite structure consist of pairs of fused TO4, where T may be Si, Al, B, in bow-tie form.
It is found in compact, granular aggregates, and can be white, yellow, gray, green, or even reddish.
Changbaiite is a member of the oxide mineral class in which the mineral contains oxygen which is grouped along with one or two metal ion.
The actual components inside Brokenhillite can be determined using a diffractometer.
It is found chiefly in Sweden, Norway, Germany, Cornwall, England, Canada, Australia, Democratic Republic of the Congo and Morocco.
Lapis beads have been found at Neolithic burials in Mehrgarh, the Caucasus, and even as far from Afghanistan as Mauritania.
It is the central member in the platinum group end-members cooperite and vysotskite.
Charoite is translucent lavender to purple in color with a pearly luster.
Nitratine crystallizes in the trigonal system, but rarely occurs as well formed crystals.
Its name comes from the Latin word aerugo for copper rust.
It was first reported in 1815 for an occurrence in Finnbo, Falun, Dalarna, Sweden.
It crystallizes in the orthorhombic crystal system and is brown, brownish-yellow or yellow in color, with a white or yellowish-white streak.
Celsian is an uncommon feldspar mineral, barium aluminosilicate, BaAl2Si2O8.
It is defined as the manganese dominant member of the hexahydrite group.
It is found in igneous and some metamorphic rocks as well as in stony and iron meteorites.
Weddellite is a mineral form of calcium oxalate named for occurrences of millimeter-sized crystals found in bottom sediments of the Weddell Sea, off Antarctica.
Locations include Batesville, Arkansas, US; Ilfeld, Germany; Langban, Sweden; and the Ural Mountains, Russia.
The color change is due to different wavelengths being absorbed in different directions, and the color of the mineral depends on the crystallographic orientation.
It is typically blue in color, but natural "fancy" sapphires also occur in yellow, purple, orange, and green colors; "parti sapphires" show two or more colors.
          O
Associated minerals include native bismuth, aikinite, arsenopyrite, stannite, galena, pyrite, chalcopyrite, tourmaline, wolframite, cassiterite and quartz.
Awaruite is a naturally occurring alloy of nickel and iron with a composition from Ni2Fe to Ni3Fe.
The mineral is white to colorless and occurs as groupings of acicular crystals.
The tetragonal crystals are prismatic or tabular in habit: they are usually colorless and transparent, and have a brilliant adamantine lustre.
Stützite and empressite are related silver telluride minerals.
The mineral irhtemite, Ca4Mg(AsO3OH)2(AsO4)2·4H2O, has the same composition as picropharmacolite, except that it has only four water molecules per formula unit, instead of eleven.
It yielded an oval mixed-cut 325 carat stone, one of the largest, if not the largest faceted tsavorites in the world.
Hapkeite is a mineral discovered in the Dhofar 280 meteorite found in 2000 in Oman on the Arabian peninsula.
Some of these are found on leaves of muscovite with their strong silvery glitter, ingrown in their parent rock.
In 2005 it was also found in cometary dust returned by the Stardust probe.
Penikisite is a phosphate and is different from kulanite in that it is a magnesium-rich phosphate whereas kulanite is an iron-rich phosphate.
It is blue-black to red-violet in color with a black streak.
Jarosewichite is a rare manganese arsenate mineral with formula: Mn2+3Mn3+(AsO4)(OH)6.
For example, the infobox picture shows its association with black leadhillite.
In a medium with an index of refraction equaling 1.53, Nambulite has a calculated relief of 1.71-1.73, giving it a moderate to high relief.
The magnesium rich members of the solid solution series are common rock-forming minerals found in igneous and metamorphic rocks.
A Ca-rich analogue is called calcioandyrobertsite and has a more greenish tint.
For the bismuth oxide mineral see Daubréeite
In Sri Lanka the mineral specimens occur as detrital pebbles.
It occurs in dry lake beds in California and Australia.
Langbeinite crystallizes in the isometric-tetartoidal system as transparent colorless or white with pale tints of yellow to green and violet crystalline masses.
There are two major type localities for fluoborite.
Color ranges from yellow to dark brown or black, the latter being due to the presence of manganese.
Frankamenite is the fluorine-dominate variation of the rare mineral canasite with a general formula of K3Na3Ca5(Si12O30)[F,(OH)]4·(H2O).
Ericssonite is usually a deep reddish-black in color.
It forms a series with the tantalum-dominant analogue ferrotantalite and one with the manganese-dominant analogue manganocolumbite.
Occurs in lithium-bearing pegmatites with spodumene, lepidolite, and tourmaline.
The name tsavorite was proposed by Tiffany and Co president Sir Henry Platt in honor of Tsavo East National Park in Kenya.
The mineral was named after Leo Strippelmann, who was director of the salt works at Westeregeln in Germany.
A synonym for fraipontite is zinalsite which was reported in 1956 for an occurrence in Kazakhstan.
the Nentmannsdorf meteorite of Bahretal, Erzgebirge, Saxony
Leightonite is a rare sulfate mineral with formula of K2Ca2Cu(SO4)4•2H2O.
Kolbeckite is usually found as small clusters of crystals associated with other phosphate minerals.
As such it represents a plagioclase with less than 10% anorthite content.
It occurs in iron-manganese ore deposits and their related skarns.
It occurs as disseminated microscopic subtranslucent to opaque octahedral crystals with a refractive index of 2.0 to 2.2.
Aegirine was named after Ægir, the Teutonic god of the sea.
Thus, nontronite typically is characterised by having most of the layer charge located in the tetrahedral sheet.
It is named for Swiss physicist Paul Scherrer, co-inventor of the Debye-Scherrer X-ray powder diffraction camera.
It crystallizes in the monoclinic crystal system and is a high temperature, high density polymorph.
It was named to honor Saxon mineralogist Johann Friedrich August Breithaupt.
It occurs associated with colemanite, howlite, ulexite and pentahydroborite.
Stannoidite is a sulfide mineral composed of five chemical elements: copper, iron, zinc, tin and sulfur.
The palladium arsenide mineral Stillwaterite has a general formula of Pd8As3.
For example, hafnium is almost always present in quantities ranging from 1 to 4%.
Changbaiite is classified as a multiple Oxide XY2O6 and it generally has an ionic bond.
It was discovered in 1821 and named in honor of Swedish mineralogist Axel Fredrik Cronstedt.
As a major gold mineral found in Western Australia, calaverite played a major role in the 1890s gold rushes in that area.
Troilite can be found as a native mineral on Earth, but is more abundant in meteorites, in particular those originating from the Moon and Mars.
It occurs in sedimentary marine evaporites and is a major potassium ore mineral in the Carlsbad deposits of New Mexico.
Santite is a hydrated borate mineral of potassium found in Tuscany, Italy.
Hoover then purchased the original mother lode from a sheepherder, later selling it to other investors.
Aluminite is a hydrous aluminium sulfate mineral with formula: Al2SO4(OH)4·7H2O.
It can be found in abundance in Cornwall, Hungary and the U.S. state of Utah.
It was named for Scottish geologist Sir Archibald Geikie.
It has a very soft Mohs hardness of 1–2 and a specific gravity of 1.66–1.82.
It occurs as an oxidation phase in a lead zinc deposit.
          
Stercorite is the mineral form of microcosmic salt.
Intergrowths and transformations between djurleite, digenite and chalcocite are common.
Haxonite is an iron nickel carbide mineral found in iron meteorites and carbonaceous chondrites.
The crystal system is orthorhombic and is flat and tabular in appearance.
It is an isometric mineral which forms in deep-blue cubes.
It is brassy in colour and has an acicular habit, often forming radiating masses and furry aggregates.
The name derives from the name of where it was encountered.
Variscite often contains white veins of the calcium aluminium phosphate mineral crandallite.
Historically extensive deposits were mined in Tuscany and Hungary, and at Bulahdelah, New South Wales, Australia.
It is an opaque, white to gray metallic mineral with a Mohs hardness of 3 to 3.5 and a specific gravity of 7.2 to 8.1
Mooihoekite is a copper iron sulfide mineral with chemical formula of Cu9Fe9S16.
Chesterite is an anisotropic mineral; therefore, it allows light to travel through it at different velocities when viewed at different angles.
Colemanite is a secondary mineral that forms by alteration of borax and ulexite.
During the transition from blueschist to greenschist facies, paragonite and glaucophane are transformed into chlorite and albite.
It has a monoclinic crystal structure consisting of spiral chains of AsS3 tetrahedra interconnected by thallium atoms, and can be synthesized in the laboratory.
Halloysite typically forms by hydrothermal alteration of alumino-silicate minerals.
It was first described in 1879 by Frederick Augustus Genth, from an occurrence in the Flat Rock pegmatite in Mitchell County, North Carolina, US.
It is trimorphous with susannite and macphersonite.
Chalcedony has a waxy luster, and may be semitransparent or translucent.
In its yellow form it is sometimes called "yellow lead ore".
Prehnite is an inosilicate of calcium and aluminium with the formula: Ca2Al(AlSi3O10)(OH)2.
The crystals are monoclinic, but only complex cruciform twins are known, these being exactly like twins of harmotome which also forms a series with phillipsite-Ca.
One unique characteristic of spurrite is that it actually abides by two twin laws.
It is yellowish-green on fresh exposure, with a paler greenish yellow on exposure to air.
It was approved by the IMA in 2006.
It was first reported in 2002 for its occurrence in the Lengenbach quarry, Binntal, Valais, Switzerland, and named after Walter Gabriel, a Swiss mineral photographer.
Bobdownsite is the fluorine bearing mineral of the whitlockite group of phosphate minerals whose formula is Ca9(Mg)(PO4)6(PO3F).
This mineral belongs to the space group P 21/c.
Mordenite is one of the most abundant zeolites in altered volcanic deposits; it is found in volcanic rock such as rhyolite, andesite, and basalt.
It was first described from an occurrence in Baveno, Italy.
They are often found in association with other iron phosphates in abandoned iron mines.
It is the low temperature monoclinic dimorph of the tetragonal stolzite.
The mineral has also been reported from the Jerslev meteorite, Sjaelland, Denmark, and the Canyon Diablo meteorite of Meteor Crater in Arizona.
Spurrite is a white, yellow or light blue mineral with monoclinic crystals.
The mineral has tetragonal crystal symmetry and the same structure as scheelite, but can be metamict due to radiation damage from its small content of thorium.
It was first described from the Melones and Stanislaus mine in Calaveras County, California in 1866, by Frederick Augustus Genth.
Studenitsite is a rare borate mineral with chemical formula of NaCa2[B9O14(OH)4]·2H2O.
The cubic crystal structure of sillénite is shared by several synthetic materials including bismuth silicon oxide, bismuth titanate and bismuth germanate.
Aragonite group members: aragonite, witherite, strontianite, cerussite
When the phosphate anion is replaced by the larger vanadate anion, the tetragonal crystal system preferentially accommodates the larger light rare earth elements.
Weissite is a telluride mineral consisting of copper telluride.
Moldavite is an olive-green or dull greenish vitreous substance possibly formed by a meteorite impact in southern Germany, which would make it one kind of tektite.
Cubanite was first described in 1843 for an occurrence in the Mayarí-Baracoa Belt, Oriente Province, Cuba.
The most recent finding occurred in the San Francisco mine in Chile where copper-zinc sulfide deposits were found.
It can also form from precipitation of hydrothermal solutions, but only rarely.
Keatite was well known before 1970 as evidenced in few studies from that era.
Hyalophane has a monoclinic crystallography, with cell properties a = 8.52 Å, b = 12.95 Å, c = 7.14 Å, and β = 116°.
It occurs associated with cassiterite, arsenopyrite, molybdenite, tourmaline, topaz, rhodochrosite and fluorite.
It is a trigonal mineral, forming 6-sided crystals that are terminated by rhombohedra.
            Cu
Erythrite and annabergite2·8H2O) form a complete series with the general formula3(AsO4)2·8H2O.
Its formula can alternatively be written as Ca3Si3O9.
The rare earth elements dysprosium, erbium, terbium and ytterbium as well as metal elements such as thorium and uranium are the expressive secondary components of xenotime.
Xanthoxenite is a rare calcium iron(III) phosphate mineral with formula: Ca4Fe3+2(PO4)4(OH)2·3H2O.
Uvarovite is a chromium-bearing garnet group species with the formula: Ca3Cr2(SiO4)3.
Olivine, wadsleyite, and ringwoodite are polymorphs found in the upper mantle of the earth.
Phosgenite is a rare mineral consisting of lead chlorocarbonate,2CO3.
                
            
It is found primarily in subgingival calculus.
Hydroxyapatite, also known as hydroxylapatite, is the major component of tooth enamel and bone mineral.
It takes the form of a powdery, yellow-green, semitransparent solid, and leaves a streak of the same color.
Fluorapatite crystallizes in a hexagonal crystal system.
Fluorite is a colorful mineral, both in visible and ultraviolet light, and the stone has ornamental and lapidary uses.
It was first described in 1963 for an occurrence in the Dzhalinda tin deposit, Malyi Khingan Range, Khabarovskiy Kray, Far-Eastern Region, Russia.
Its color in plane polarized light is green-brown, and it is weakly pleochroic.
2O), whose name is derived from its resemblance with talc and its high water content.
Samarskite is a radioactive rare earth mineral series which includes samarskite-(Y) with formula:2(Nb,Ta)2O8 and samarskite-(Yb) with formula2(Nb,Ta)2O8.
Also present are silicon and magnesium; other impurities have concentrations below 0.0015%.
Cuspidine was first described in 1876 for an occurrence in Monte Somma, Italy.
At temperatures above about 750 °C, brookite will revert to the rutile structure.
Stibarsen or allemontite is a natural form of arsenic antimonide or antimony arsenide.
Ulrichite was first described in 1988 for samples from the Lake Boga granite quarry, Lake Boga, Victoria, Australia.
The host rock is part of the Kokchetav Massif in Kazakhstan.
The anisotropy of diamond hardness is carefully considered during diamond cutting.
The structures differ in how these di-anions are arranged around the Fe2+ cations.
A ruby is a pink to blood-red colored gemstone, a variety of the mineral corundum.
Kainosite is a silicate mineral that has the formula of Ca2(Y,Ce) SiO4O12(CO3)•(H2O).
There are natural cleavage planes in the direction as the crystal is effectively lamellar in that plane.
The name "jade," usually referring to rocks made of jadeite, is sometimes also applied to rocks consisting entirely of omphacite.
Commonly, specimens of onyx contain bands of black and/or white.
At the type locality, it occurs within a lithium-rich pegmatite in miarolitic cavities.
Its molecular formula is Ca(AlSi2O6)2·4H2O, a hydrated calcium-aluminium silicate.
The 3T polytype, however, is not commonly pleochroic but can show green pleochroism if it is high in iron.
Richterite occurs in thermally metamorphosed limestones in contact metamorphic zones.
Halotrichite, also known as feather alum, is a highly hydrated sulfate of aluminium and iron.
Charoite2Si4O10(OH,F)·H2O) is a rare silicate mineral, first described in 1978 and named for the Chara River.
It crystallizes in the hexagonal crystal system typically as small blue hexagonal crystals up to 2 cm length.
This last forms an isomorphous series with breithauptite.
The important endmembers of common melilite are åkermanite Ca2Mg(Si2O7) and gehlenite Ca2Al[AlSiO7].
Found originally in 1838 in the Urals, it was first named knaufite but was later changed to volborthite for Alexander von Volborth, a Russian paleontologist.
It is typically associated with and often intergrown with chalcocite, covellite, djurleite, bornite, chalcopyrite and pyrite.
It crystallizes in the tetragonal system and occurs as well-formed crystals with good external form.
It belongs to the lavendulan group, which has four members:
Brokenhillite is an earth mineral that exists in small quantities.
It is found in many localities, associated with lead ores as a secondary mineral associated with the oxidized zone of lead deposits.
It can contain osmium, rhodium, iridium, and iron substituting for the ruthenium.
Bustamite is a calcium manganese inosilicate and a member of the wollastonite group.
Neptunite is a silicate mineral with the formula KNa2Li(Fe2+, Mn2+)2Ti2Si8O24.
It occurs in hydrothermal veins with tourmaline-bearing copper veins associated with granite, in some high temperature gold veins, and in recent volcanic exhalation deposits.
Nevertheless, a considerable number of papers have been written, verifying that pimelite is a nickel-dominant smectite.
Notable occurrences include Brazil; Ural Mountains, Russia; California, United States; Tanco Mine, Bernic Lake, Manitoba, Canada; and Madagascar.
The mineral anorthoclaseAlSi3O8) is a crystalline solid solution in the alkali feldspar series, in which the sodium-aluminium silicate member exists in larger proportion.
            
Herderite is a phosphate mineral belonging to the apatite, phosphate group, with formula CaBe(PO4)(F,OH).
It has also been reported from the sedimentary Phosphoria Formation in Idaho, South Dakota, Wyoming, and Montana.
The framework of the mineral is interrupted due to these hydroxyl groups attaching themselves to aluminum centered oxygen tetrahedra.
It is a hydrated form of sodium aluminium sulfate.
It is a vitreous monoclinic mineral, colored bright blue to green, often associated with malachite, azurite, olivenite, and clinoclase.
It is quite soft with a Mohs hardness of 1 to 2 and dense with a specific gravity of 5.55.
Hsianghualite is a tectosilicate of lithium, calcium and beryllium, with fluorine, a member of the zeolite group.
Crystals of similar shape and dimensions have been discovered in another deposit in Minas Gerais, near Mantena, but they lack the perfection of the crystal form.
Zanazziite is a complex hydrated phosphate mineral from the roscherite group.
Terlinguaite is the naturally occurring mineral with formula Hg2ClO.
It is also mined at Lake Baikal in Siberia; Mount Vesuvius; Burma; Canada; and the United States.
Libethenite is a rare copper phosphate hydroxide mineral.
Some other compositions with the melilite structure include: alumoåkermanite2(Al,Mg,Fe2+)(Si2O7), okayamalite Ca2B[BSiO7], gugiaite Ca2Be[Si2O7], hardystonite Ca2Zn[Si2O7], barylite BaBe2[Si2O7], andremeyerite BaFe2+2[Si2O7].
The physical properties consist of milky-white rosette-like aggregates of elongated transparent fibers shown in figure one.
At normal temperature and pressure, stishovite is metastable.
It is named for the Scottish chemist Thomas Thomson.
Marthozite is anisotropic, which means that it breaks light into one fast ray and one slow ray.
It is the sulfur equivalent of the iron oxide magnetite.
Most diamonds are electrical insulators but extremely efficient thermal conductors.
They word ruby comes from ruber, Latin for red.
The name was given from where it was locally discovered in Eta-Etu, Kivu, Congo in 1975.
Like many manganese-containing minerals, it is a striking pink purple color.
The latter is a trade name given to the gemstone by the Alberta-based mining company Korite.
It occurs associated with native silver, cerussite, iodargyrite, atacamite, malachite, jarosite and various iron–manganese oxides.
It is also found in the Baltic, White, and Kara Seas.
Meyerhofferite is a hydrated borate mineral of calcium, with the chemical formula Ca2B6O6(OH)10·2H2O, CaB3O3(OH)5·H2O or Ca2(H3B3O7)2·4H2O.
It is an important ore of tungsten.
Lazurite is a deep blue to greenish blue.
It is opaque and has metallic luster.
Boehmite or böhmite is an aluminium oxide hydroxide) mineral, a component of the aluminium ore bauxite.
In this way, the device can be tuned for use with a range of lasers within the design range of the device.
Carrollite, CuCo2S4, is a sulfide of copper and cobalt, often with substantial substitution of nickel for the metal ions, and a member of the linnaeite group.
It is a monoclinic mineral and belongs to the space group P2/c.
Arsenoclasite is a red or dark orange brown mineral with formula Mn5(AsO4)2(OH)4.
The name "heliotrope" derives from various ancient notions about the manner in which the mineral reflects light.
This formalism recognizes that the sulfur atoms in pyrite occur in pairs with clear S-S bonds.
Julgoldite was named in honor of Professor Julian Royce Goldsmith of the University of Chicago.
The calcium is in six-fold coordination with the oxygen, the silicon is in a four-fold coordination with the oxygen and the carbon is in two-fold coordination.
Axinite-(Mg) or magnesioaxinite, Ca2MgAl2BOSi4O15(OH) magnesium rich, pale blue to pale violet; light brown to light pink
Alunite varies in color from white to yellow gray.
Every color of the rainbow may be represented by elbaite, some exhibiting multicolor zonation.
It is typically massive to reniform in habit, but is observed as tabular crystals.
It occurs in association with basaluminite, gibbsite, epsomite, gypsum, celestine, dolomite and goethite.
Host rock types include basalt, andesite, metamorphic rocks and granites.
Though rare, it is the most common thallium-bearing mineral.
If held in hand for one hour.
Fiorite is a hydrated silica rock, a form of opal, found in cavities in volcanic tuff.
The mineral is clear to yellow in color often darkened by inclusions and forms monoclinic crystals.
Aluminium and zinc may substitute in the structure.
It occurs associated with kamacite, taenite, daubreelite, troilite and sphalerite.
As troilite lacks the iron deficiency which gives pyrrhotite its characteristic magnetism, troilite is non-magnetic.
      
It is a rare secondary mineral that is structurally related to palermoite4(OH)4).
Gadolinium Gallium Garnet is a synthetic crystalline material of the garnet group, with good mechanical, thermal, and optical properties.
It was named in 1819 after M.A.
Taranakite is most commonly found in humid, bat inhabited caves near the boundary of guano layers with the cave surface.
It is for this reason that the most common color encountered is pink.
In habit it is usually massive, but does often show pseudo-cubic forms.
Xenotime is used chiefly as a source of yttrium and heavy lanthanide metals.
It also occurs in metasomatized deposits of manganese ore. Associated minerals include: epidote, tremolite, glaucophane, orthoclase, quartz and calcite.
Pyrophanite is a manganese titanium oxide mineral with formula: MnTiO3.
Chesterite has no direct usage, but some geologists or scientists generally classify it under the amphibole-anthophyllite group.
Thenardite crystallizes in the orthorhombic system and often forms yellowish, reddish to gray white prismatic crystals although usually in massive crust deposits.
Diaspore, along with gibbsite and boehmite, is a major component of the aluminium ore bauxite.
It was discovered in 1896 and named after Dr Richard Pearce, a Cornish–American chemist and metallurgist from Denver, Colorado.
This grain represents the first observation in nature of the synthetic compound titanium(II) sulfide.
It alters to the arsenate erythrite in the secondary environment.
The name is given for its composition.
Associated minerals include melanterite, epsomite, jarosite, gypsum, sulfur, pyrite, marcasite and limonite.
The structure of hubeite is very uncommon, and in fact there is only one other mineral that fits the Si
It has a Mohs hardness of 4.5 to 5 and a specific gravity of 2.7 to 2.9.
Ziesite and blossite are polymorphs, different crystal structure for the same chemical composition and are quite similar in physical properties.
It is gray-black, steel-gray, iron-gray or black in color.
Amesite has the first reported natural occurrence of the 6R polytype for a trioctahedral 1:1 layer silicate.
The mineral is named after the French chemist Jean-Baptiste Boussingault.
It was discovered in 1810 and named for the Scottish mineralogist, Thomas Allan.
Brochantitie forms mainly in exposed areas where weathering prevents accumulation copper ions and enhancement in the acidity of water films.
It has a Mohs hardness of 5.5 to 6 and a specific gravity of 2.3 to 2.4.
Most emeralds are highly included, so their toughness is classified as generally poor.
Diamonds are brought close to the Earth's surface through deep volcanic eruptions by magma, which cools into igneous rocks known as kimberlites and lamproites.
Sources include Australia, Myanmar, India, Afghanistan, Israel, Madagascar, Tanzania and the United States.
It is common in the alluvial gem-gravels of Sri Lanka, where it occurs mostly as water worn, small, heavy, black, cubic crystals.
Euclase is a beryllium aluminium hydroxide silicate mineral).
The Allende meteorite fell in 1969 near Pueblito de Allende, Chihuahua, Mexico.
Bazzite is a beryllium scandium cyclosilicate mineral with chemical formula: Be3Sc2Si6O182Si6O18 or Be3(Sc,Al)2Si6O18).
It takes its name from the Greek word enarge, "distinct."
The name is in honor or Giovan Battista Amici a physicist, optician, and inventor of microscope optical elements.
It is found with harmotome in the lead mines at Strontian in Argyllshire.
Celestine or celestite is a mineral consisting of strontium sulfate.
Jennite is a calcium silicate hydrate mineral of general chemical formula: Ca9Si6O18(OH)6·8H2O.
Gibbsite has three named structural polymorphs or polytypes: bayerite3, but sometimes as β-Al(OH)3), doyleite, and nordstrandite.
It is the barium-manganese endmember of the coronadite group.
It is a hard metallic, opaque, steel grey to silver white mineral with a relatively high specific gravity of 6.1.
The mineral pyrope is a member of the garnet group.
Other names include blue stone, blue vitriol, and copper vitriol.
Yttrium aluminium garnet is a synthetic crystalline material of the garnet group.
Its Mohs hardness is 3.5 and it has a specific gravity of 1.88 to 1.90.
The name is derived from the Greek for "rose-like", in common with many pink mineral types.
Variscite is sometimes used as a semi-precious stone, and is popular for carvings and ornamental use.
The major impurity in frankdicksonite is strontium with concentrations up to 0.5% by weight.
The legal dispute quietly ended outside of court in a confidential agreement.
Manganite is a mineral composed of manganese oxide-hydroxide, MnO(OH), crystallizing in the monoclinic system.
It is a soft yellowish white mineral which crystallizes in the monoclinic system.
It was named after British geologist M.H.N.
Stromatolites in an alkaline freshwater lake in southern Turkey are made of hydromagnesite precipitated by diatoms and cyanobacteria.
It should not be confused with bixbite, a red form of beryl; to avoid confusion, this name has been deprecated from the CIBJO and the IMA.
Melonite occurs as trigonal crystals, which cleave in a direction.
Zhanghengite is a mineral consisting of 80% copper and zinc, 10% iron with the balance made up of chromium and aluminium.
It was first recognized in 1840 in Bishopton, Scotland, during the cutting of a tunnel for the Glasgow, Paisley and Greenock Railway.
It was discovered at Mont-Saint-Hilaire, Quebec in 1982 and is named after Harold Robert Steacy, mineralogist.
The natural color of zircon varies between colorless, yellow-golden, red, brown, blue, and green.
In 1984, a third set of claims, known as the Vortex mine, opened.
Earlandite occurs as warty fine-grained nodules ca.
It occurs in an ultramafic rock deposit.
It has been described as slightly harder than graphite, with a reflection colour of grey to white.
The third mineral in the group, telyushenkoite, was discovered in 2001.
It typically occurs in high temperature aluminium rich regional metamorphic rocks, those resulting from contact metamorphism and also in boron rich pegmatites.
Cyanotrichite forms velvety radial acicular crystal aggregates of extremely fine fibers.
Minute glistening crystals have also been found loose in cavities in altered rhyolite.
Dundasite was first described by William Frederick Petterd in 1893.
In octahedrites it is found in bands interleaving with kamacite forming Widmanstätten patterns, whereas in ataxites it is the dominant constituent.
U makes up about 17.1% of the mineral.
It is currently mined at Tolfa, Italy.
It is named after William Wise, a mineralogist from the University of California, Santa Barbara.
Melanterite is a mineral form of hydrous iron(II) sulfate: FeSO4·7H2O.
The layers are lined up along the c axis in the ABCABABACBACAC… fashion.
Fluckite's mineral crystallography is triclinic meaning it has three axis of different length and three different interior angles that do not equal 90°.
Altaite is in the galena group of minerals as it shares many of properties of galena.
    {\displaystyle {\ce {Fe^{2+}Fe^{3+}4(SO4)6(OH)2.20H2O}}}
Anhydrite is commonly associated with calcite, halite, and sulfides such as galena, chalcopyrite, molybdenite, and pyrite in vein deposits.
It was named for American linguist and philologist John Pickering.
Abhurite is a mineral of tin, oxygen, hydrogen, and chlorine with the formula Sn3O(OH)2Cl2.
The reaction is used to control the fugacity of oxygen in laboratory experiments.
Boulangerite is used as a lead ore.
It occurs in masses within the third geologic unit of the Kuroko type deposits within the mine.
On Earth cohenite is stable only in rocks which formed in a strongly reducing environment and contain native iron deposits.
It has a vitreous luster and it is colorless, grayish-white or yellowish.
The density is 4.6 - 4.7, and the diaphaniety is opaque.
It is not a mineral species approved by International Mineralogical Association.
It forms complete solid solution series with hedenbergite and augite, and partial solid solutions with orthopyroxene and pigeonite.
It is one of the sulfides of arsenic and is one of two isomers of As4S4.
Chrisstanleyite was named after the Deputy Head and Associate Keeper at the Department of Mineralogy at The Natural History Museum in London.
The mineral forms dark gray to black aggregates.
It is a yellow mineral crystallizing in the orthorhombic system.
First called aluminilite by J.C. Delamétherie in 1797, this name was contracted by François Beudant in 1824 to alunite.
The minerals are formed through oxidation of sphalerite by the presence of phosphate-rich solutions
Structurally, brammallite is quite similar to muscovite or sericite with slightly more silicon, magnesium, iron, and water and slightly less tetrahedral aluminium and interlayer potassium.
It has also been reported from Piedmont, Italy and the Hemlo gold mine in the Thunder Bay District, Ontario, Canada.
Typical samples are similar in composition to plagioclase feldspar, and revert to that mineral when melted and recrystallized.
It has a specific gravity of 3.36.
Smithsonite, or zinc spar, is zinc carbonate, a mineral ore of zinc.
The mineral spessartine should not be confused with a type of igneous rock called spessartite.
Founded in the Buca della Vena Mine, Tuscany, Italy, the mineral was called dessauite in honor of professor Gabor Dessau.
Other names for arquerite include, argental mercury, mercurian silver, and silver amalgam.
The mineral is metallic, opaque, appears bright creamy white under plane polarized light, has weak bireflectance, and does not exhibit internal reflections.
Sugilite crystallizes in the hexagonal system with prismatic crystals.
The mineral is metastable and gradually decomposes at ambient conditions, but this process can last billions of years.
Asbestos-related liability also remains an ongoing concern for many manufacturers, insurers and reinsurers.
It is one of the minerals of the dolomite-siderite series, to which the terms brown-spar, pearl-spar and bitter-spar have been historically loosely applied.
          
It is named after Anthony J. Naldrett, a professor at the University of Toronto, who has made significant contributions to the International Mineralogical Association.
It forms white silky monoclinic prismatic crystals that are often in radial arrays or encrustations.
It is also reported from South Dakota and Arkansas, US; Zacatecas, Mexico; and Romania.
In addition to several California and Nevada locations it is reported from Argentina, Italy, Turkey and Ukraine.
It forms from the oxidation of ferberite within granitic pegmatite dykes and in pegmatitic greisen veins.
The natural existence of barium fluoride was predicted by Michael Fleischer in 1970.
Later research was done by John L. Jambor in the 1960s who went to the site and collected samples of the assemblages.
Uranocircite was named after the Greek for "falcon" because it was discovered in Falkenstein, Germany.
It was first discovered in 1854 at its type locality; Laven Island, Norway.
It has also been reported from dredgings along the East Pacific Rise.
It was named after the German mineralogist Heinrich Vater.
Crystals with a barrel-like curvature are not uncommon.
Cultured or farmed pearls from pearl oysters and freshwater mussels make up the majority of those currently sold.
It is considered a barium-rich potassium feldspar.
It was discovered in 1832 by Germain Henri Hess who named it after Count Sergei Semenovitch Uvarov, a Russian statesman and amateur mineral collector.
Tinzenite,3Al2BOSi4O15(OH) iron – manganese intermediate, yellow, brownish yellow-green
It crystallizes in the trigonal - rhombohedral crystal system.
The mineral has a metallic luster, and is a green or bronze-yellow shade.
The apatite in phosphorite is present as cryptocrystalline masses referred to as collophane.
Mohs scale of mineral hardness, based on scratch Hardness comparison, defines hardness value 2 as gypsum.
It forms a solid solution series with galena PbS.
Because Yogo sapphires occur within a vertically dipping resistive igneous dike, mining efforts have been sporadic and rarely profitable.
Evenkite is a rare hydrocarbon mineral with formula2(CH2)22 or C24H50.
Chaidamuite is a rare zinc – iron sulfate mineral with chemical formula: ZnFe3+(SO4)2(OH)·4H2O.
Keyite is a mineral with the chemical formula Cu2+
The garnets make up two solid solution series: pyrope-almandine-spessartine and uvarovite-grossular-andradite.
The name "corundum" is derived from the Tamil word Kurundam, which originates from the Sanskrit word Kuruvinda meaning ruby.
Amesite crystallizes in the triclinic crystal system.
It is an oxide mineral belonging to the spinel group.
It has the formula MgAl2O4 in the cubic crystal system.
Aenigmatite, also known as Cossyrite after Cossyra, the ancient name of Pantelleria, is a sodium, iron, titanium inosilicate mineral.
Yttrium iron garnet is a kind of synthetic garnet, with chemical composition Y3Fe2(FeO4)3, or Y3Fe5O12.
Fluorite optics are also usable in the far-ultraviolet range, where conventional glasses are too absorbent for use.
Torbernite is isostructural with the related uranium mineral, autunite.
The name is from the Greek στίβι stibi through the Latin stibium as the old name for the mineral and the element antimony.
It was named to honor Scottish explorer of Africa, David Livingstone.
Both of these names, derived from the locality, have been in common use.
It has a Mohs hardness of 4.5 and a specific gravity of 7.4 to 7.5.
Rosasite is a carbonate mineral with minor potential for use as a zinc and copper ore.
Associated minerals include brucite, hydromagnesite, pyroaurite, chrysotile, aragonite, calcite, dolomite and magnesite.
Bastnäsite occurs in alkali granite and syenite and in associated pegmatites.
The potassium-vanadium sulfide was collected from the crater of the Colima volcano.
It was first described in 1895 for occurrences in the Tiburon peninsula, Marin County, California.
It was first described in 1929 for an occurrence in the Bushveld igneous complex of South Africa.
Celadonite is a mica group mineral, a phyllosilicate of potassium, iron in both oxidation states, aluminium and hydroxide with formula: K(Mg,Fe2+)(Fe3+,Al)[Si4O10](OH)2.
At 632 nm, the Verdet constant for TGG is reported to be -134 rad/T·m, whereas at 1064 nm it falls to -40 rad/T·m.
The alteration of arsenopyrite, tennantite and other primary arsenates can form pharmacosiderite.
It can also be used to calculate the fugacity of oxygen recorded by mineral assemblages in metamorphic and igneous processes.
As such, talc can easily be scratched by a fingernail.
All uraninite minerals contain a small amount of radium as a radioactive decay product of uranium.
Austinite is named in honour of Austin Flint Rogers, American mineralogist from Stanford University, California, US.
Prehnite is mostly translucent, and rarely transparent.
Lyonsite occurs as a sublimate in volcanic fumaroles.
It crystallizes in the monoclinic system and typically occurs as veinlets and fracture coatings.
Bastnäsite was first described by the Swedish chemist Wilhelm Hisinger in 1838.
Hoelite is a mineral, discovered in 1922 at Mt.
Grandidierite is an extremely rare mineral and gem that was first discovered in 1902 in southern Madagascar.
It is a member of the perovskite group.
Geerite is a copper sulfide mineral with the chemical formula Cu8S5.
Though found in pegmatites, the crystals of scandiobabingtonite are sub-millimeter sized, and are tabular shaped.
Apatite is one of a few minerals produced and used by biological micro-environmental systems.
Other producers are Canada, Portugal, Russia, Australia, Thailand, South Korea, Rwanda, Bolivia, the United States, and the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Fluellite is a mineral with the chemical formula Al2(PO4)F2(OH)•7H2O.
Since 2002, the International Mineralogical Association-approved name for taaffeite as a mineral is magnesiotaaffeite-2N'2S.
It occurs in association with halite, gypsum and celestine in the California dry lake.
Stannite is a mineral, a sulfide of copper, iron, and tin.
It is always possible to redefine a mineral wrongly discredited.
Hausmann in 1847 in honor of the French physicist Jean-Baptiste Biot, who performed early research into the many optical properties of mica.
It was first described in 1884 and is named for Qaersut, Umanq district in northern Greenland.
Qilianshan in the Chaidamu basin, Qinghai Province, China and was named for the locality.
Joseph Tyrrell was one of the first geologists from the Geological Survey of Canada to do research in the Goldfields District.
It was first described in 1875 for occurrences in the Broken Hill district, New South Wales, Australia.
It was discovered in 1823 in Ľubietová, Slovakia and is named after the German name of that locality.
It is exhibited in the West Coast Pioneers Museum in Zeehan.
It is often found in placer deposits.
In North America, it is found at Kamloops Lake, BC, Canada and Leavitt Lake, California.
Mixite is a rare copper bismuth arsenate mineral with formula: BiCu6(AsO4)3(OH)6·3(H2O).
Some of the properties that make wollastonite so useful are its high brightness and whiteness, low moisture and oil absorption, and low volatile content.
Hydrohalite is a mineral that occurs in saturated halite brines at cold temperatures.
The orange garnets result from sodium-rich pegmatites.
It is one of the two main ingredients of natrocarbonatite, found naturally in the lava of Ol Doinyo Lengai volcano, the other being nyerereite.
Kassite crystals are brownish pink to pale yellow in color, are translucent, and have an adamantine luster.
It is black to dark grey and may appear grey to white in reflected light on polished thin section with reddish brown internal reflections.
Barytocalcite crystallizes in the monoclinic crystal system, typically as massive to druzy accumulations of transparent white to yellow to grey aggregates of slender prismatic crystals.
Montmorillonite is a very soft phyllosilicate group of minerals that form when they precipitate from water solution as microscopic crystals, known as clay.
It typically forms as encrustations formed by sublimation around volcanic vents and is found around volcanic fumaroles, guano deposits and burning coal seams.
Serandite is generally red, brown, black or colorless.
The Gemological Institute of America identified an 11.78-carat faceted specimen as neptunite based on Raman spectroscopy.
Proustite occurs in hydrothermal deposits as a phase in the oxidized and supergene zone.
It has perfect cleavage on [010] and [110] and its fracture is conchoidal.
The maximum melting temperatures is at 25.8°C under 9400 atmospheres.
Its name comes from kalium which is the Latin name for potassium, hence its chemical symbol, "K".
It was discovered in 1913 in Eisleben, Germany and was named after Wilhelm Maucher, a German mineral collector.
Other locations in the United States which yield amazonite include the Morefield Mine in Amelia, Virginia.
The type locality is the Tombstone District, Cochise County, Arizona, US.
It typically consists of between 10 and 36 percent of KAlSi3O8 and between 64 and 90 percent of NaAlSi3O8.
It was first reported in 1845 and named after German mineralogist Karl Friedrich Plattner.
Kalinite is a mineral composed of hydrated potassium aluminium sulfate.
Pliny the Elder mentioned first that the magicians used it as a stone of invisibility.
The chemical formula of clearcreekite is Hg1+3CO3(OH)∙2H2O.
At one time chalcophyllite from Wheal Tamar in Cornwall, England, was called tamarite, but this name is now discredited.
It can be transparent to translucent; has a vitreous luster; and has perfect cleavage on {100}.
It has a specific gravity of 1.88 and a Mohs hardness of 2.
Jordanite is a sulfosalt mineral with chemical formula Pb14(As,Sb)6S23 in the monoclinic crystal system, named after the German scientist H. Jordan who discovered it in 1864.
Hematite, also spelled as haematite, is the mineral form of iron(III) oxide, one of several iron oxides.
It has a Mohs hardness of 7 and a high specific gravity of 8.45.
Individual crystals are rare but do occur as slender to acicular prisms.
It appears as brownish, brownish yellow, white, light brown orange, or light yellow fluorescent encrustations.
Occurring naturally in a nickel deposit, nichromite is named for chromite with dominant nickel.
Its crystal symmetry was first assigned as orthorhombic, then as monoclinic, and finally as triclinic.
It is the magnesium analogue of palenzonaite and is a member of the garnet structural group.
In addition to the Cape York meteorite, carlsbergite has been reported from:
It is a secondary mineral of uranium, a product of oxidation.
It was discovered in 1982 during the chemical analysis of The North Haig olivine pigeonite achondrite.
It is optically isotropic with an index of refraction of n = 2.24.
Sodalite is a member of the sodalite group with hauyne, nosean, lazurite and tugtupite.
It occurs as rare dark green crystal coatings.
Recognized varieties include Chabazite-Ca, Chabazite-K, Chabazite-Na, and Chabazite-Sr, depending on the prominence of the indicated cation.
The type locality is the Tsumeb Mine, Tsumeb, Otjikoto Region, Namibia.
It takes its name from the Greek word σίδηρος sideros, “iron”.
Langbeinite gives its name to the langbeinites, a family of substances with the same cubic structure, a tetrahedral anion, and large and small cations.
It forms tetragonal crystals with perfect 001 cleavage.
This group comprises the minerals lanthanite-(La), lanthanite-(Ce), and lanthanite-(Nd).
Found in cavities and fissures in unusual felsic igneous rocks, astrophyllite is associated with feldspar, mica, titanite, zircon, nepheline, and aegirine.
Putnisite is a mineral composed of strontium, calcium, chromium, sulfur, carbon, oxygen and hydrogen.
Frankamenite and charoitein are exclusive to the Sakha Republic in this sort of environment, as mineralogists have yet to discover the minerals elsewhere.
It is sometimes used as a gemstone.
Devilline is a rare and unusual secondary mineral found in the oxidized portions of copper sulfide ore deposits.
The mineral group tantalite [(Fe, Mn)Ta2O6] is the primary source of the chemical element tantalum.
It is often coated with a yellow-brown alteration product, likely limonite.
Datolite crystallizes in the monoclinic system forming prismatic crystals and nodular masses.
The name dollaseite-(Ce) was chosen in honor of Professor Wayne Dollase, who performed broad research on the epidote-group minerals.
Two polymorphs of forsterite are known: wadsleyite and ringwoodite.
Scorzalite forms one endmember of a solid solution series with the lighter, more magnesium-rich lazulite.
Albite almost always exhibits crystal twinning often as minute parallel striations on the crystal face.
The type locality is Oehrenstock, Ilmenau, Thuringian Forest, Thuringia, Germany, where it was first described in 1813.
In the volcanic region of Latium, Italy, a few scientists found some crystals with hexagonal morphology while doing a study of the cancrinite-group minerals.
Altaite and other rare tellurides are classified in the sulfide mineral class.
It occurs as a secondary mineral in mafic igneous rocks often filling vesicles along with zeolites in basalt.
              3
It occurs with limonite, malachite, beudantite, adamite, cuproadamite, olivenite and smithsonite.
It was first described in 1892 for an occurrence in the Ceylonese gem bearing gravel placers.
It occurs with triplite, lithiophilite, triphylite, eosphorite, dickinsonite and rhodochrosite.
At temperatures above 1100 °C kyanite decomposes into mullite and vitreous silica via the following reaction: 3(Al2O3·SiO2) → 3Al2O3·2SiO2 + SiO2.
When freshly collected, if it has not already been exposed to the environment, it can be translucent or transparent.
Its specific gravity is 6 and its Mohs hardness is 3.
The main difference between biaxial and axial crystals is that biaxial crystals have two optic axes.
It occurs associated with pyrite, marcasite, halotrichite, pickeringite, epsomite, potash alum, melanterite and gypsum.
Kolbeckite is a mineral with formula: ScPO4·2H2O.
Tyrrellite is a selenide mineral that has a formula of Cu(Co,Ni)2Se4.
The mineral itself is various shades of yellow and a high occurrence of spinel twinning.
Hydrogrossular may have dark gray to black small inclusions.
Occurrences include Mount Vesuvius, Italy and Alum Cave, Sevier County, Tennessee.
It was first found in Myanmar by British mineralogist and gem dealer Arthur C.D.
The early formation in the crystallization sequence and the high water content suggest that paulingite forms from relatively dilute pore fluids.
Its principal use is as a potassium fertilizer.
It occurs with native sulfur, sal ammoniac, letovicite, alunogen and boussingaultite.
Its structure is a 2:1 clay of silica tetrahedron – alumina octahedron – silica tetrahedron layers.
It was discovered in British Columbia, Canada, and formally described in 1927.
It has a Mohs hardness of 2 to 3, about that of a finger nail.
Scolecite is a tectosilicate mineral belonging to the zeolite group; it is a hydrated calcium silicate, CaAl2Si3O10·3H2O.
When it was first discovered, pharmacosiderite was known as cube ore.
It has a structure based on a defect pyrochlore lattice.
Naturally occurring prasiolite is also found in the Thunder Bay area of Canada.
Illite occurs as an altered product of muscovite and feldspar in weathering and hydrothermal environments; it may be a component of sericite.
These deposits date from the Devonian through the Permian Periods.
Nambulite is an anisotropic crystal, where the velocity of light that passes through the crystal varies depending on the crystallographic direction.
Small amounts of defects or impurities color diamond blue, yellow, brown, green, purple, pink, orange or red.
Akimotoite has a vitreous luster, is colorless, and has a white or colorless streak.
Kesterite is a sulfide mineral with a formula Cu2(Zn,Fe)SnS4.
Copiapite is strictly a secondary mineral forming from the weathering or oxidation of iron sulfide minerals or sulfide-rich coal.
Its structure is analogous to that of high sanidine.
It was discovered around the Dzhuzumli village, Samarqand, Uzbekistan.
Ikranite is a member of the eudialyte group, named after the Shubinov Institute of Crystallography of the Russian Academy of Sciences.
Smaller quantities are mined in Italy, Mongolia, the United States, and Canada.
                  
It occurs in tabular, acicular, or fibrous crystals with a vitreous luster.
Uvarovite is one of the rarest of the garnet group minerals, and is the only consistently green garnet species, with an emerald-green color.
It gets its name from Har Ye'elim in Israel in the Hatrurim Basin west of the Dead Sea where it was first found in nature.
Brochantite is often associated with minerals such as malachite, azurite, and chrysocolla, and may form pseudomorphs with these minerals.
It was first described in 1893 for an occurrence in Chocaya, Potosí Department, Bolivia.
It occurs with melanterite, alunogen, fibroferrite, halotrichite, botryogen, butlerite and amarantite.
In Europe it is reported from the Konigshall-Hindenburg potash mine near Göttingen, Lower Saxony, Germany and in the Boulby potash mine, Whitby, Yorkshire, England.
It can occur intermixed with dickite, kaolinite, montmorillonite and other clay minerals.
There are many different varieties of quartz, several of which are semi-precious gemstones.
Nichromite(Cr,Fe,Al)2O4 is a black cubic metallic mineral and member of the spinel group.
Common impurities include iron, calcium, boron, barium, titanium, aluminium, and magnesium.
The extremely rare elements technetium and promethium can be found in uraninite in very small quantities, produced by the spontaneous fission of uranium-238.
Schoepite, empirical formula8O2(OH)12•12(H2O) is a rare alteration product of uraninite in hydrothermal uranium deposits.
These two minerals usually contain significant percentages of both copper and zinc and are seldom pure.
In cross-polarized light it appears as gray blue or yellow-brown colors.
It was first described from its type locality of Melvin Mountain in the town of Grafton, in Grafton County, New Hampshire.
Marthozite shows pleochroism from yellowish brown to greenish yellow.
Some of the bastnäsites contain OH− instead of F− and they receive the name of hydroxylbastnasite.
The mineral is found in skarns associated with boron metasomatism of carbonate rocks where intruded by granite.
In chemical composition and in its crystallographic and physical characters it is intermediate between albite and anorthite.
Its crystal symmetry and form are similar to topaz; however, topaz is a calcium fluorine bearing nesosilicate.
Those minerals have the same chemical composition, but different crystal symmetry orthorhombic for tantalite or columbite and tetragonal for tapiolite.
When devitrifying silica, cristobalite is usually the first phase to form, even when well outside of its thermodynamic stability range.
It has a specific gravity of 2.09 - 2.16 and a Mohs hardness of 4.0 to 4.5.
Hausmannite is a complex oxide of manganese containing both di- and tri-valent manganese.
It occurs as foliated to fibrous masses, and in an exceptionally rare crystal form.
Its specific gravity is about 2.62 and it has a Mohs hardness of 6–6.5.
The choice of axis is arbitrary, so that various twins can form within the same grain.
Naturally, many people assumed the color was due to copper because copper compounds often have blue and green colors.
The hardness is 2.5, density is 4.8 g/cm3, and it streaks yellow.
It was named for Hans-Joachim Fabian, a German geologist.
It is white with tints of yellow, green, brown or red due to impurities.
Yogo sapphires were not initially recognized or valued.
It has a Mohs hardness of 6.5 and a specific gravity of 2.67.
Tennantite is a copper arsenic sulfosalt mineral with an ideal formula Cu12As4S13.
The general formula can be given as2–3(Mg,Fe,Al)5(Al,Si)8O22(OH,F)2.
It occurs as veins in serpentinite and contact metamorphism aureoles.
It is associated with other lithium-bearing minerals like spodumene in pegmatite bodies.
It is named from the Greek word φοίυικος for "deep red" and χρόα for "color," in allusion to its color.
It has a highly perfect basal cleavage yielding remarkably thin laminae which are often highly elastic.
Fluorapophyllite is an anisotropic mineral and has low relief.
Iron is almost always present and a solid solution exists between Mg-rich cordierite and Fe-rich sekaninaite with a series formula:2Al3(Si5AlO18) to2Al3(Si5AlO18).
There is more than one form of the cristobalite framework.
Weissite occurs in hydrothermal deposits associated with pyrite, native tellurium, sylvanite, petzite, rickardite, native sulfur, native gold, calaverite and krennerite.
Occurrence is in Gunnison County, Colorado, Arizona and New Mexico in the United States.
In terms of crystal structure, it is the vanadate analog of the rare earth phosphate mineral xenotime.
Zussmanite13[AlSi17O42](OH)14) is a hydrated iron-rich silicate mineral.
The difficulty of separating aluminium from oxygen in the oxide ores was overcome by the use of cryolite as a flux to dissolve the oxide mineral(s).
Cassiterite is a tin oxide mineral, SnO2.
Cleavage is perfect, parallel to the clinopinacoid, and this suggested to René Just Haüy the name euclase, from the Greek εὖ, easily, and κλάσις, fracture.
Zinc, magnesium and manganese commonly substitute for the iron resulting in the siderite-smithsonite, siderite-magnesite and siderite-rhodochrosite solid solution series.
It occurs as crystal clusters associated with decomposed algae remnants on calcite or aragonite.
It was first described in 1891 as an oxychloride mineral.
In Australia, from Warrumbungle volcano, Nandewar volcano, and the Mount Warning complex, New South Wales; and the Peak Range Province, Queensland.
It is an oxide with the general chemical formula4O8 orO2.
Carnelian is a brownish-red mineral commonly used as a semi-precious gemstone.
It is lithium manganese(II) phosphate with formula: LiMnPO4.
The mineral has only been found in the Bon Accord Nickel Deposit in South Africa where it is formed by replacing chromite and rimmed by trevorite.
This word is corrupted into "jargoon", a term applied to light-colored zircons.
It has a chemical formula and also a crystal structure similar to niedermayrite, with Cd(II) cation replacing by Mn(II).
The mineral has since been found in a number of countries.
It occurs in association with galena, cerussite, anglesite and matlockite in the Caracoles, Chile.
Svanbergite is a colorless, yellow or reddish mineral with the chemical formula SrAl3(PO4)(SO4)(OH)6.
Hastingsite was named for the locality in Dungannon Township, Hastings County, Ontario, Canada.
Appreciable gallium and germanium may also be incorporated into the crystal structure.
It is a variably deep to pale green or nearly colorless variety of pyroxene.
Sellaite is a magnesium fluoride mineral with the formula MgF2.
Panguite is a type of titanium oxide mineral first discovered as an inclusion within the Allende meteorite, and first described in 2012.
It is related to beryl and other beryllium minerals.
Gersdorffite is a nickel arsenic sulfide mineral with formula NiAsS.
Antarcticite is an uncommon calcium chloride hexahydrate mineral with formula: CaCl2·6H2O.
The locals used the granite mills designed for grinding wheat.
Schäferite is a rare vanadate mineral with chemical formula Ca2NaMg2[VO4]3.
Divalent iron or magnesium may readily replace manganese in the olivine crystal structure.
They are used as scintillators in particle physics because of their short radiation length, low Molière radius, quick scintillation response, and radiation hardness.
Lapis was highly valued by the Indus Valley Civilisation.
It is associated with aurichalcite, shattuckite, ajoite and baryte in Arizona, and with quartz, native copper and ajoite in South Africa.
The four "crystalline" varieties of gypsum are sometimes grouped together and called selenite.
          
Hematite and ilmenite form a complete solid solution at temperatures above 950 °C.
It crystallizes in the cubic crystal system often showing octahedral forms.
              +
Adamite is a zinc arsenate hydroxide mineral, Zn2AsO4OH.
It crystallizes in the monoclinic system with prismatic, typically twinned forms, though usually anhedral.
It occurs usually in small isolated crystals.
Hectorite is also found in the beige/brown clay ghassoul, mined in the Atlas Mountains in Morocco.
Coesite was first synthesized by Loring Coes Jr., a chemist at the Norton Company, in 1953.
Green quartz is sometimes incorrectly called green amethyst, which is not an acceptable name for the material, the proper terminology being prasiolite.
It can be colorless or tinted through grays, browns, greens, yellows, or violet or red, and can be transparent or translucent.
Hagendorfite is an iron phosphate mineral with the chemical formula ofMnFe2(PO4)3 and is named after where the mineral was discovered, Hagendorf-Süd, Bavaria, Germany.
Elbaite, a sodium, lithium, aluminium boro-silicate, with the chemical composition Na(Li1.5Al1.5)Al6Si6O18(BO3)3(OH)4, is a mineral species belonging to the six-member ring cyclosilicate tourmaline group.
It crystallizes in the orthorhombic crystal system.
It occurs with other tellurides in vein gold deposits.
It occurs in association with quartz, narsarsukite, calcite, fluorite, ancylite, molybdenite, leucosphenite, lorenzenite, galena, albite, pectolite, apophyllite, leifite, microcline and arfvedsonite.
Rhodochrosite forms a complete solid solution series with iron carbonate.
the Uwet meteorite of Cross River State, Nigeria
It typically occurs as blue-green to olive green fibrous to lamellar masses.
It crystallizes in the monoclinic system and usually forms massive aggregates of prismatic crystallites or in dull clay masses.
Blossite was also first described for specimens from the Izalco volcano.
Laumontite easily dehydrates when stored in a low humidity environment.
A refractive index will provide the ratio of the speed of light in a vacuum with the speed of light in the mineral.
It takes its name from the Latin auripigmentum because of its deep-yellow color.
Pinalite's structure is significant in that it is one of a kind.
Xenophyllite is a rare phosphate mineral with the chemical formula Na4Fe7(PO4)6.
In Canada, from Mount Edziza, the Ilgachuz and Rainbow Range shield complexes.
It has yellow crystals and usually mixed with curite in oxidized uranium ores.
Crystallographically, zorite belongs in the orthorhombic group, which has 3 axes, a, b, and c that are of unequal lengths that form 90° with each other.
It was originally thought to be another relatively rare zeolite named offretite, which is very similar to erionite in appearance and chemical composition.
It was named by E Glasser in 1907 after the place where it was first described, the Népoui Mine, Népoui, Nouméa Commune, Northern Province, New Caledonia.
The chemical formula is Na2Fe2+5TiSi6O20 and its structure consists of single tetrahedral chains with a repeat unit of four and complex side branches.
Mohite is a copper tin sulfide mineral with the chemical formula Cu2SnS3.
Rhodolite is a varietal name for rose-pink to red mineral pyrope, a species in the garnet group.
Its crystal structure is isometric with cube and octahedron forms similar to that of pyrite.
The hitherto unknown meteorite mineral was named for the ancient Chinese god Pan Gu, the creator of the world through the separation of yin from yang.
Like beryl, it has an imperfect to fair basal cleavage.
Ulexite6·5H2O, hydrated sodium calcium borate hydroxide), sometimes known as TV rock, is a mineral occurring in silky white rounded crystalline masses or in parallel fibers.
Samarium was named after samarskite which was named for the Russian mine official, Colonel Vasili Samarsky-Bykhovets.
In addition limited solid solution with calcium exists between these and lisetite: CaNa2Al4Si4O16.
Bismite is a secondary oxidation zone mineral which forms from primary bismuth minerals.
It was named for the discovery location in the Sierra Gorda district of Chile.
Ferrihydrite is a widespread hydrous ferric oxyhydroxide mineral at the Earth's surface, and a likely constituent in extraterrestrial materials.
It crystallizes in the orthorhombic system with a space group of Pcab.
Copper commonly occurs substituting for iron in the structure.
It was first described in 1817 for an occurrence in the Harz Mountains, Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.
The name "hypersthene" comes from the Greek and means "over strength", and is an allusion to its being harder than the amphibole mineral hornblende.
In exposed areas, the main corrosion product is brochantite.
In terms of its optical properties, nabalamprophyllite is anisotropic which means the velocity of light varies depending on direction through the mineral.
Olivine gemstones are called peridot and chrysolite.
          O
It occurs in association with magnetite, garnet, fluorite, albite, cassiterite, pyrite, muscovite, arsenopyrite, quartz, and chlorite.
Naldrettite is economically important because of its chemical composition.
It was first described in 1984 and named for the eastern passageway, Xifengkou, of the Great Wall of China.
Argutite is a rare germanium oxide mineral.
Aktashite is a rare arsenic sulfosalt mineral with formula Cu6Hg3As4S12.
The species are visually indistinguishable, and the series name brewsterite is still used whenever testing has not been performed.
It occurs in hydrothermal veins alongside other nickel arsenide and sulfide minerals.
It was first described in 1868 for an occurrence near Trumbull, Connecticut at the Hubbard Tungsten Mine at Long Hill.
It has a hardness on Mohs scale of 5 to 6.
The mineral presents as a transparent to translucent yellow, lemon yellow, brownish yellow, or amber orthorhombic tabular crystals.
It forms green to deep blue-green trigonal crystals.
Corkite is a phosphate mineral in the beudantite subgroup of the alunite group.
The name derives from the Greek, paragon, for misleading, due to its similar appearance to talc.
Hercynite is a spinel mineral with the formula FeAl2O4.
Owing to its strong covalent bonding, diamond is the hardest naturally occurring material known.
Majorite is a type of garnet mineral found in the upper mantle of the Earth.
It is a secondary mineral that forms from the alteration of other secondary minerals.
Bakerite is the common name given to hydrated calcium boro-silicate hydroxide, a borosilicate mineral(SiO4)3(OH)3·(H2O)) that occurs in volcanic rocks in the Baker, California area.
Hematite crystallizes in the rhombohedral lattice system, and it has the same crystal structure as ilmenite and corundum.
The mineral is named after Jesse Evrett Abernathy who first noted it in 1953 in the U.S. State of Utah.
French authors use the name Christianite, given by A.
The mineral is rather sectile, and consequently was earlier known as corneous lead.
It was discovered in 1830 and named after William I of the Netherlands.
It forms metallic, silver grey platey crystals in the triclinic - pinacoidal class.
Banalsite and its strontium analogue, stronalsite, constitute a complete solid solution series.
Mixed crystals of iron(II) carbonate and magnesite possess a layered structure: monolayers of carbonate groups alternate with magnesium monolayers as well as iron(II) carbonate monolayers.
It was named in 1819 from the Greek for bitter, in allusion to its magnesium content, and its chemical similarity to pharmacolite.
            
The similar orthorhombic mineral calumetite occurs by the same process.
It was discovered in 1817 on Mt.
It is a soft, fibrous silicate mineral in the serpentine subgroup of phyllosilicates; as such, it is distinct from other asbestiform minerals in the amphibole group.
The name is given for its composition and relation to other lamprophyllite-group minerals.
It is isomorphous with the iron-rich end-member, fayalite.
It is also reported from San Luis Potosi, Mexico; northern Patagonia, Argentina; Girona, Catalonia, Spain; Sweden and South Africa.
It was discovered at the Christmas mine in Christmas, Arizona, and described in 1977.
Examples have been found in Faroe Islands, Scotland, Arkansas, Colorado, Michigan, Minnesota, New Jersey, Oregon, Ontario, Nova Scotia, India, and Russia.
It was first described in 1858 in either the South Terres mine of Cornwall, England or in Erzgebirge, Saxony, Germany.
Marthozite is orthorhombic, meaning that it has three axes of unequal lengths all orthogonal to each other.
Sewardite is a rare arsenate mineral with formula of CaFe2+3(AsO4)2(OH)2.
It has a Mohs hardness of 3 to 4 and a specific gravity of 3.36.
Delicate acicular crystals of considerable length were found long ago in the Pentire Glaze mine near St Minver in Cornwall.
Domeykite is a copper arsenide mineral, Cu3As.
The word mica is derived from the Latin word mica, meaning a crumb, and probably influenced by micare, to glitter.
Bertrandite is a beryllium sorosilicate hydroxide mineral with composition: Be4Si2O7(OH)2.
The name comes from the Tamil and Sinhalese word "Turmali" or "Thoramalli", which applied to different gemstones found in Sri Lanka.
Schäferite is isometric, which means that it has three axes of equal length and 90° angles between the axes.
It forms finely crystalline and often porous masses.
It has a Mohs hardness of 4.5 and a specific gravity of 4.4 to 4.5.
It crystallizes in the orthorhombic system in translucent yellow to yellow green masses.
It is the zinc analogue of chromite, hence the name.
It also occurs in medium-grade thermally metamorphosed iron-rich sediments and in impure carbonate rocks.
It was also reported from brine in Bristol Dry Lake, California, and stratified brine within blue holes on North Andros Island in the Bahamas.
Cuprospinel, is an inverse spinel with the formula CuFe2O4, where copper substitutes some of the iron cations in the structure.
Owing to its limited availability and high cost, astrophyllite is seldom seen in an ornamental capacity.
It occurs as a secondary mineral that can be found in sandstone and also in the oxidized zones of vanadium bearing deposits.
            
It was first described for an occurrence in Pargas, Finland in 1814 and named for the locality.
           
Tantite forms transparent microscopic colorless triclinic - pedial crystals with an adamantine luster.
Most of the Madagascan deposits have since been exhausted.
Its name is derived from its composition: titanium, sodium potassium and silicon.
Above this pressure the melting point reduces.
The crystals often show pseudo–orthorhombic forms due to twinning.
Bismuth also substitutes for the antimony site and bismuthian tetrahedrite or annivite is a recognized variety.
Sources of zoisite include Tanzania, Kenya, Norway, Switzerland, Austria, India, Pakistan, and the U.S. state of Washington.
It adopts a layered CdI2-like structure with hydrogen-bonds between the layers.
Barbertonite has a close association with stichtite, chromite, and antigorite.
It is transparent for light wavelengths over 600 nm.
Heulandite is the name of a series of tecto-silicate minerals of the zeolite group.
It was first discovered in Penberthy Croft Mine, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
Most prasiolite sold is used in jewellery settings, where it can substitute for far more expensive precious gemstones.
Analcime consists of hydrated sodium aluminium silicate in cubic crystalline form.
It commonly occurs as cleavable to compact masses with a rose-red color, often tending to brown because of surface oxidation.
In 1994, a major locality was discovered in Canada, at O'Grady Lakes in the Yukon.
However, when found in crystal form its red orange color gives it value as a collectors item.
Arcanite is a potassium sulfate mineral with formula: K2SO4.
More commonly, it occurs with willemite, calcite, and red zincite.
The iron-rich member of the columbite group is ferrocolumbite.
It has a hardness of 5, the same as tooth enamel.
The mineral with intermediate composition is known as sickleritePO4).
It has a Mohs hardness of 5.5 to 6 and a quite high specific gravity of 7.1 to 7.5.
The pure albite endmember has the formula NaAlSi3O8.
The name is from its chemical composition, being a fluate of alumine.
Gyrolite is also known as Centrallasite, Glimmer Zeolite or Gurolite.
Gersdorffite belongs to a solid solution series with cobaltite, CoAsS.
The only other known natural manganese silicide is mavlyanovite, Mn5Si3.
Masuyite was first described in 1947 for an occurrence in Katanga and named to honor Belgian geologist Gustave Masuy.
Identified originally in Belgium in 1831, it has been found in many places throughout the world.
It occurs as colorless to white prismatic hexagonal crystals, typically as acicular radiating groups.
The crystallochemical formula, can be written as: [Al(H2O)6]2(SO4)3.5H2O.
Cymrite, with perfect cleavage and a monoclinic crystalline system, falls in the silicate group.
This is an incongruent melting point, as a liquid salty water, of different composition and solid halite is formed on melting.
Because of its solubility, glauberite is often dissolved away from the crystal matrix leaving a distinctly shaped hollow cast.
The refractive index is the ratio of the velocity of light in a vacuum to that in the mineral.
For example, penroseite can be a result of alteration process of many selenides, such as olsacherite Pb2(SO4)(SeO4).
It forms colorless to white crystals in the orthorhombic crystal system and is dimorphous with paralaurionite, both members of the matlockite group.
It is a trigonal mineral which is white when pure.
It has a hardness of 2½ - 3 on the Mohs scale.
It is quite soft with a Mohs hardness of 2.5 and a relatively high specific gravity of 6.26 to 6.55.
Hemimorphite, is Zn4(Si2O7)(OH)2·H2O, a component of calamine.
It is a member of the matlockite group.
In the Franklin, New Jersey mine area it occurs in contact metamorphosed limestone.
Its Mohs scale rating is 2 to 3.
Its name originates from Latin stannum and Greek eides.
These minerals are typically found as secondary minerals in vesicles in basalt or other volcanic rocks.
Nagyágite4S5-8) is a rare sulfide mineral with known occurrence associated with gold ores.
Masuyite is a uranium/lead oxide mineral with formula Pb[(UO2)3O3(OH)2]·3H2O.
Demantoid: Vivid green in color, one of the most valuable and rare stones in the gemological world.
Special gemological techniques have been developed to distinguish natural diamonds, synthetic diamonds, and diamond simulants.
Crystallographically, it contains three vectors of unequal lengths and two pairs of vectors are perpendicular while the other pair makes an angle other than 90°.
Owing to its rarity, huttonite is not an industrially useful mineral.
Tanzanite can also appear differently when viewed under alternate lighting conditions.
The mineral is associated with chalcocite in zones of secondary enrichment of copper sulfide deposits.
It also can be found in Victoria, Australia and Lake Baikal, Siberia.
Its formula is(Hg,Cu,Zn)6(As,Sb)4S12, making the mineral the only known natural Cs-Hg and Cs-As phase.
For its optical properties, Switzerite is classified as anisotropic, has a low surface relief and birefringence of δ = 0.020.
            
Optically it is uniaxial positive with refractive index values of nω = 1.570 - 1.573 and nε = 1.583 - 1.587.
Collinsite is a mineral with formula Ca2(Mg,Fe2+)(PO4)2·2H2O.
It occurs associated with apatite, whitlockite, childrenite–eosphorite, laueite, strunzite, stewartite, mitridatite, amblygonite and siderite.
Aliettite is a complex phyllosilicate mineral of the smectite group with a formula of8O20(OH)4·4H2O) or [Mg3Si4O10(OH)2](Ca0.5,Na)0.33(Al,Mg,Fe2+)2–3(Si,Al)4O10(OH)2·n(H2O).
It is found in copper sulfide deposits of both primary and supergene occurrences.
It is a cubic form of magnesium oxide.
Its Mohs scale rating is 5 to 6.
Phosphophyllite is rarely cut because it is fragile and brittle, and large crystals are too valuable to be broken up.
Therefore, two of the vectors are perpendicular, while the third makes an angle that is not equal to 90°.
The relative specific gravity range is 2.4 - 2.95.
They are a source of selenium in the Rocky Mountains where selenium occurrence is associated with Upper Cretaceous shale deposits.
Hawleyite is a rare sulfide mineral in the sphalerite group, dimorphous and easily confused with greenockite.
It also occurs in volcanic sublimates, in native sulfur deposits and rarely in caves.
Loveringite is a rare metallic oxide mineral of the crichtonite group with the chemical formula(Ti,Fe,Cr,Mg)21O38.
It forms a series with dolomite, and with ankerite.
      
          
Sweetite has a general formula of Zn(OH)2.
It was discovered in 1895 at Searles Lake, San Bernardino County, California by C. H. Northup from San Jose, California, for whom Northupite is named.
Claudetite is an arsenic oxide mineral with chemical formula As2O3.
It occurs as yellow clusters of slender prisms or needles.
Sodalite is a rich royal blue tectosilicate mineral widely used as an ornamental gemstone.
It is a somewhat rare mineral sought after by collectors as it typically forms euhedral isometric crystals exhibiting various cubes, octahedra, and dodecahedra.
Cobalt, nickel and sulfur substitute in the structure.
Clear Lake is at the north end of The Geysers geothermal area.
It was first described in 1983 for an occurrence in a pegmatite in the Kola peninsula, Russia.
              2
Associated minerals include gypsum, halite, thenardite, trona, glauberite, and epsomite.
It was recently rediscovered in the southern hemisphere at the abandoned Argent lead mine in Bushveld series rocks of South Africa.
Due to the alpha decay of thorium and uranium, monazite contains a significant amount of helium, which can be extracted by heating.
It is used in the manufacture of high grade porcelain.
It is translucent to transparent with refractive indices of nα=2.120 nβ=2.320 nγ=2.320.
Sassolite is a borate mineral, and is the mineral form of boric acid.
It commonly occurs as a detrital or diagenic mineral in sedimentary rocks and is an essential component of phosphorite ore deposits.
Thorite,SiO4, is a rare nesosilicate of thorium that crystallizes in the tetragonal system and is isomorphous with zircon and hafnon.
Diamond is a metastable allotrope of carbon, where the carbon atoms are arranged in a variation of the face-centered cubic crystal structure called a diamond lattice.
Yttrocerite is a variety of the mineral fluorite with a chemical formula CaF2+(Y,Ce)F3.
Bixbyite is a manganese iron oxide mineral with chemical formula:2O3.
Nephrite jade is an ornamental stone used in carvings, beads, or cabochon cut gemstones.
It is sometimes used as a gemstone.
Its type locality is in Reneville, Congo Republic.
In the late medieval and early modern eras the word "marcasite" meant both pyrite and the mineral marcasite.
Kogarkoite is a sodium sulfate fluoride mineral with formula Na3(SO4)F. It has a pale blue color.
It was first described in 1887 for an occurrence in the Laurium District, Attica, Greece and named after the town Laurium.
Pharmacolite is an uncommon calcium arsenate mineral with formula CaHAsO4·2(H2O).
The name chlorite is from the Greek chloros, meaning "green", in reference to its color.
The maximum birefringence is .023, the difference between the highest and lowest indices of refraction within the mineral.
Note: The mineral is commonly pronounced with a soft "g", as in "ginger".
Acanthite is a form of silver sulfide with the chemical formula Ag2S.
It is generally found in deposits of metamorphosed manganese.
It is held with hydrogen bonds, which are otherwise weak.
Heulandite-Ca, the most common of these, is a hydrous calcium and aluminium silicate,2-3Al3(Al,Si)2Si13O36·12H2O.
The quality of a ruby is determined by its color, cut, and clarity, which, along with carat weight, affect its value.
Carbonado, commonly known as the "black diamond", is the toughest form of natural diamond.
Xilingolite is a lead sulfide mineral with formula Pb3Bi2S6.
          
It was named after the University of Toronto professor Donald Herbert Gorman.
Alunite is a hydrated aluminium potassium sulfate mineral, formula KAl3(SO4)2(OH)6.
It is isostructural with the vesuvianite group and is associated with wollastonite and olive-green grossulars in a serpentinized skarn.
            
Pabstite is a barium tin titanium silicate mineral that is found in contact metamorphosed limestone.
It was described in 1813, and named from the Greek word, σκώληξ = "worm" because of its reaction to the blowpipe flame.
It was first described in 1868 for an occurrence in Drammen, Buskerud, Norway.
The synthetic form of triphylite, lithium iron phosphate, is a promising material for the production of lithium-ion batteries.
It is a low-temperature hydrothermal phase occurring in zeolite facies alteration of mafic rocks.
It typically occurs as fibrous or powdery encrustations, but may also occur as acicular triclinic crystals.
It has also been reported from Rocky Pass, Kuiu Island, Alaska, and a few other localities.
It is dimorphous with the isometric antimony oxide senarmontite.
It is one of several scandium rich minerals that have been found in meteorites.
Hardystonite can be found altered to clinohedrite CaZn(SiO4)·H2O through direct hydrothermal alteration.
It was first described in 1987 as an occurrence in a uranium deposit near Lake Onega, Russia.
It may contain 35.48% yttria sub-group rare earths, 2.17% ceria earths, as much as to 11.6% BeO, and traces of thorium.
           
As of 2012, the mineral has only been found in Canada and Argentina.
It was first described from material collected in Germany.
Tusionite has also been reported from Recice in the Czech Republic and in pegmatites at Thomas Mountain, Riverside County, California.
Beudandite is a secondary mineral occurring in the oxidized zones of polymetallic deposits.
      
Acuminite is a rare halide mineral of with chemical formula: SrAlF4(OH)·(H2O).
          20
It is a soft, colorless to pale yellow or green earthy mineral which crystallizes in the monoclinic system as minute tabular to platy crystals.
Pumpellyite crystallizes in the monoclinic-prismatic crystal system.
It forms a series with elbaite and probably also with olenite.
Bixbyite was named for the American mineralogist Maynard Bixby, responsible for its discovery in 1897.
It is commonly colorless, white to pale amethyst in color.
Iron forms parasymplesite Fe2+3(AsO4)2·8H2O; cobalt forms the distinctively coloured pinkish purple mineral erythrite Co3(AsO4)2·8H2O and nickel forms annabergite Ni3(AsO4)2·8H2O.
Since 1982, the International Mineralogical Association considers stibarsen as the correct mineral name.
The Arizona occurrence lies appropriately above a canyon named Alum Gulch.
Discovered in South Africa and described in 2002, it was so named for the prevalence of manganese in its composition and its relation to vesuvianite.
It occurs as tiny elongated lamellar-shaped crystals, up 1 mm × 0.2 mm in size, and is characterized by its non-commensurate structure.
Marked by the New York Post, which ran a story with the headline "HEAVYWEIGHT GEM $CUFFLE”.
It also occurs as earthy, granular masses.
Carnallite was first described in 1856 from its type location of Stassfurt Deposit, Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.
            Fe
Kermesite is the result of partial oxidation between stibnite and other antimony oxides such as valentinite or stibiconite).
It was discovered in 1968 in the Lapis-lazuli Mine, Sar-e-Sang, Badakhshan Province, Afghanistan and takes its name from that country.
It occurs with allophane, quartz, cristobalite, gibbsite, vermiculite and limonite.
It also may occur as an efflorescent crust on the walls and timbers of uranium mines.
Trace amounts of vanadium or chromium provide the green color.
Molybdenite crystallizes in the hexagonal crystal system as the common polytype 2H and also in the trigonal system as the 3R polytype.
It is mountain-green to green in colour, with one distinct to good cleavage.
When exposed to air studtite converts over a short time to the metastudtite UO4·2(H2O) form.
Among the apophyllite group, fluorapophyllite is the most abundant compared to the other two minerals in the group, hydroxyapophyllite and natroapophyllite.
Sonolite is a mineral with formula Mn9(SiO4)4(OH,F)2.
Its Mohs hardness is 5.0–6.0, and its specific gravity is 3.0–3.4.
Its color in Plane polarized light is blackish-brown, and it does not show pleochroism.
It occurs in hydrothermal ore deposits of molybdenum within the near surface oxidized zones.
Of the two, the antimony rich phase is more common.
Bobdownsite is closely related to whitlockite and merrillite.
It frequently occurs in association with native copper, azurite, chrysocolla, malachite, tenorite and a variety of iron oxide minerals.
It is a member of the ilmenite group.
A typical example of this is in its use as an enzyme-based urea sensor.
Under short wave ultraviolet light it fluoresces a rich orange color.
It is easily confused with azurite, but does not react with dilute hydrochloric acid as azurite does.
Lepidolite is a lilac-gray or rose-colored member of the mica group of minerals with formula K(Li,Al,Rb)2(Al,Si)4O10(F,OH)2.
Vauxite is a phosphate mineral with the chemical formula Fe2+Al2(PO4)2(OH)2·6(H2O).
Forsterite is the magnesium-rich end-member of the olivine solid solution series.
It is also sometimes called "black mica" as opposed to "white mica" – both form in the same rocks, and in some instances side-by-side.
Mackinawite occurs as opaque bronze to grey-white tabular crystals and anhedral masses.
          
It typically occurs as radiating clusters or fibrous masses that are transparent to translucent in colors ranging from white through reddish and yellowish white to gray.
These inclusions are strong identifying features in Tsavorite.
Hiärneite is the first known mineral that contains both of the chemical elements antimony and zirconium.
It occurs in association with pyrolusite, nsutite, braunite, chalcophanite, manganite and various other manganese oxides.
It is closely related to the gold-silver telluride mineral sylvanite, which, however, contains significantly more silver.
Consequently, it serves as an indicator of gold bearing reefs.
The Khibiny and Lovozero alkaline massifs on Kola Peninsula, Russia.
This relatively weakly bonded layering accounts for the scaley habit of the mineral.
The chemical formula for iddingsite has been approximated as MgO * Fe2O3 * 4 H2O where MgO can be substituted by CaO.
Olivine incorporates only minor amounts of elements other than oxygen, silicon, magnesium and iron.
It has been found in Sweden, several states in the United States and Norway.
Kesterite is the Zn-rich variety whereas the Zn-poor form is called ferrokesterite or stannite.
Due to this many rare sulfosalts like gabrielite are found in this part of Switzerland.
This region was transformed during the greenschist-garnet/amphibolite facies of metamorphism.
The chemical formula is K(V3+, Al, Mg)2AlSi3O10(OH)2.
A variety known as cuprodescloizite is dull green in color; it contains a considerable amount of copper replacing zinc and some arsenic replacing vanadium.
Elbaite is allochromatic, meaning trace amounts of impurities can tint crystals, and it can be strongly pleochroic.
It occurs as soft, white clusters of fibrous crystals and encrustations which crystallize in the monoclinic system.
Köttigite forms series with all three of these minerals and they are all members of the vivianite group.
        
They are found in vitreous to pearly, often radiating, spherical aggregates of thin blade-shaped transparent to translucent crystals.
Associate minerals include metaautunite, torbernite, phosphuranylite, saleeite, uranophane and sabugalite.
Brownmillerite is a rare oxide mineral with chemical formula Ca2(Al,Fe)2O5.
Cervantite is an antimony oxide mineral with formula Sb3+Sb5+O4.
It is the primary source of scandium.
Notable occurrences include Cobalt, Ontario, Skuterud, Norway, and Franklin, New Jersey in the United States.
It was named for USGS mineralogist Alice Mary Dowse Weeks.
It is black to brownish black to gray and opaque.
Zorite is a silicate mineral with the chemical formula of Na2Ti(Si,Al)3O9·nH2O.
It is a common mineral, found worldwide.
It is an opaque, silver white, metallic mineral which crystallizes in the orthorhombic crystal system.
Fluorapophyllite is also found in New Jersey of the United States.
It is a member of the devilline group, which has members aldridgeite(Cu,Zn)4(SO4)2(OH)6·3H2O, campigliaite Cu4Mn2+(SO4)2(OH)6·4H2O, devilline CaCu4(SO4)2(OH)6·3H2O, kobyashevite Cu5(SO4)2(OH)6·4H2O, lautenthalite PbCu4(SO4)2(OH)6·3H2O and an unnamed dimorph of devilline.
Calumetite was first discovered along with anthonyite.
It also occurs in lacustrine sediments and coal seams.
It was the second well-defined natural chlorosulfosalt, after dadsonite.
Otavite crystallizes in the trigonal system and forms encrustations and small scalenohedral crystals that have a pearly to adamantine luster.
Muscovite is a hydrated phyllosilicate mineral of aluminium and potassium with formula KAl2(AlSi3O10)(F,OH)2, or2(Al2O3)3(SiO2)6(H2O).
Because Kainosite is orthorhombic, the vibration directions XYZ coincide with the a,b,c crystallography axes.
Ludwigite is a magnesium-iron borate mineral: Mg2FeBO5.
It occurs as well formed crystals and dispersed grains often embedded within gypsum and anhydrite crystals.
The type locality is the Yanshan meteorite of the Hebei Province, China.
Chalcanthite is a pentahydrate and the most common member of a group of similar hydrated sulfates, the chalcanthite group.
Lepidocrocite has an orthorhombic crystal structure, a hardness of 5, specific gravity of 4, a submetallic luster and a yellow-brown streak.
Alunite also is found near volcanic fumaroles.
Evidence has been found of its use in paint pigment samples taken from the caves of Lascaux in France.
Tantalite is also very close to tapiolite.
It is the most abundant lithium-bearing mineral and is a secondary source of this metal.
It was described by Wilhelm Karl Ritter von Haidinger in 1845 and dedicated to W. Petz who had carried out the first analyses.
Cymophane is popularly known as "cat's eye".
It has also been reported from the Tibet Autonomous Region and from the Isovsky District in the Urals of Russia.
Associated minerals include spessartine, tephroite, alleghanyite, hausmannite, pyrophanite, alabandite, rhodonite and rhodochrosite.
The name comes from Greek sepion, meaning "cuttlebone", + lithos, meaning stone, after a perceived resemblance of this mineral to cuttlebone.
Clinoclase is a hydrous copper arsenate mineral, Cu3AsO4(OH)3.
The color varies from white to various shades of green and blue.
It crystallizes in the monoclinic system, and is sometimes found in small brilliant crystals of simple prismatic habit terminated by domal faces.
      
It is more typically found as powdery coatings and masses.
It occurs in association with attakolite, svanbergite, lazulite, hematite, trolleite, berlinite, rutile, pyrophyllite, baryte, arsenopyrite, stannite, pyrite, andorite, cassiterite and zinkenite.
The name appears in Pliny the Elder's Naturalis Historia as a term for a translucid kind of Jaspis.
Braunite forms grey/black tetragonal crystals and has a Mohs hardness of 6 - 6.5.
Gems with high spessartine content tend toward a light orange hue, while almandine prevalence induces red or brownish hues.
Fluor-uvite is a tourmaline mineral with the chemical formula CaMg3(Al5Mg)(Si6O18)(BO3)3(OH)3F.
In the classification of minerals lipscombite is in the lipscombite group, which also includes zinclipscombite.
They are potentiated by alkaline urine and high magnesium excretion.
Howlite was discovered near Windsor, Nova Scotia in 1868 by Henry How, a Canadian chemist, geologist, and mineralogist.
            
Plattnerite forms bundles of dark needle-like crystals on various minerals; the crystals are hard and brittle and have tetragonal symmetry.
It is a black mineral with the typical spinel properties of crystallising in the cubic system, black streaked, infusible and insoluble in most acids.
Columbite has the same composition and crystal symmetry as tantalite.
It has also been reported that studtite has since formed on the corium lavas that were created during the course of the Chernobyl nuclear plant accident.
Transparent material is fashioned into gemstones while translucent-to-opaque material is usually carved.
            
It is also found within natrolite veins in glaucophane schist within serpentinite in San Benito County, California, US.
It is chemically composed of 20.90% aluminium, 21.76% silicon, 1.56% hydrogen and 55.78% oxygen.
It is sparingly soluble in neutral and alkaline conditions, but readily soluble in acid.
It is often found in association with the minerals chalcopyrite and triphylite.
It is also found pseudomorphically replacing borax crystals.
They have high uniform clarity and maintain their brilliance under artificial light.
Pleochroism is moderate, from pink-orange or purplish pink to pinkish purple.
It is a product of the oxidation of pyrite in water.
The color of jarosewichite is dark red to black.
It is the low-pressure dimorph of CaAl2O4, of which the high-pressure dimorph is named dmitryivanovite.
Wolframite,WO4, is an iron manganese tungstate mineral that is the intermediate between ferberite and hübnerite.
Graphite is the most stable form of carbon under standard conditions.
Notable localities are Lucin, Utah and Fairfield, Utah in the United States.
It is strongly fluorescent yellow in UV radiation and is a radioactive mineral.
Topazolite: Yellow-green in color and sometimes of high enough quality to be cut into a faceted gemstone, it is rarer than demantoid.
In addition to mixite, this mineral group contains the isostructural minerals agardite-(Y), agardite-(Ce), agardite-(Nd), agardite-(La), calciopetersite, goudeyite, petersite-(Ce), petersite-(Y), plumboagardite, and zálesíite.
All other colors are called sapphire, e.g., green sapphire for a green specimen.
It is also known as cerargyrite and, when weathered by desert air, as horn silver.
It is the mineral form of the polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon coronene with formula: C24H12.
The magnetism decreases as the iron content increases, and troilite is non-magnetic.
The tabular to prismatic monoclinic crystals vary from colorless to white or pale yellowish, and are transparent with a vitreous luster.
It is a member of the margarite group of micas and the subgroup often referred to as the "brittle" micas.
Narsarsukite is a rare silicate mineral with chemical formula Na2(Ti,Fe3+)Si4(O,F)11 or Na4(Ti,Fe)4[Si8O20](O,OH,F)4.
It was first described for an occurrence in the Good Hope Mine, Vulcan district, Gunnison County, Colorado, US, and named for mining engineer Thomas Arthur Rickard.
This mineral is associated with symesite which is also light yellow to orange.
Ulexite is found in evaporite deposits and the precipitated ulexite commonly forms a "cotton ball" tuft of acicular crystals.
Bukovite is a rare selenide mineral with formula Tl2Cu3FeSe4.
Kernite, also known as rasorite is a hydrated sodium borate hydroxide mineral with formula Na
When determined petrographically or chemically the composition is given as relative proportions of enstatite and ferrosilite.
The dioctahedral sheet of nontronite is composed mainly of trivalent iron cations, although some substitution by trivalent aluminium and divalent magnesium does occur.
Almandine crystallizes in the cubic space group Ia3d, with unit-cell parameter a ≈ 11.512 Å at 100 K.
Brassite is a rare arsenate mineral with the chemical formula Mg(AsO3OH)·4(H2O).
Alunite is an analog of Jarosite, where aluminium replaces Fe3+.
Chambersite is a manganese borate mineral with formula: Mn3B7O13Cl.
It leaves a white streak and it has a pearly luster.
Coccinite is a rare mercury iodide mineral with chemical formula of HgI2, mercury(II) iodide.
Fayalite, also called iron chrysolite, is the iron-rich end-member of the olivine solid-solution series.
Phillipsite is a mineral series of the zeolite group; a hydrated potassium, calcium and aluminium silicate, approximating to3Al6Si10O32·12H2O.
It has the chemical formula SiC and is a rare mineral, discovered by the French chemist Henri Moissan in 1893.
Siderite is commonly found in hydrothermal veins, and is associated with barite, fluorite, galena, and others.
Boussingaultite is a rare sulfate mineral of the chemical formula:2Mg(SO4)2·6(H2O).
The cancrinite group are minerals with hexagonal and trigonal crystal systems with various anions and cations located in cages within the main frame.
It was named chabasie in 1792 by Bosc d'Antic and later changed to the current spelling.
Its name comes from the Sacrofano Caldera in the Monti Sabatini from which it was discovered in Latium, Italy.
It forms one solid solution series with tetrahedrite and another with argentotennantite.
Transmission electron micrographs show that it is generally made up of aggregates of hollow spherules ~3-5 nm in diameter.
They were described in 1977 by Burham and Veblen.
It is associated with derbylite, hematite, rutile, karelianite, siderite, and calcite.
Anglesite's color is white or gray with pale yellow streaks.
Also it is always inter-grown with orthoericssonite, which is almost identical to ericssonite except it contains extra silicon and oxygen in its chemical formula.
There are three vectors of unequal length in this crystal system.
Abernathyite is yellow and occurs as small crystals.
Hematite is harder than pure iron, but much more brittle.
            
It is a member of the P212121 space group.
It has a hardness between 1 and 2 on the Mohs scale.
There is a similar mineral called arsentsumebite, where the phosphate group PO4 is replaced by the arsenate group AsO4, giving the formula Pb2Cu(AsO4)(SO4)(OH).
It is a product of the decomposition of beryl in pegmatites.
It forms elongated lathlike pseudo monoclinic crystals, radial spherulites, encrustations and powdery aggregates.
It crystallizes in the monoclinic crystal system as colorless to white prisms within cavities.
It was first described in 1815 from the Rhineland in Germany and named after the German mineralogist K. W. Nose.
Rutile is a mineral composed primarily of titanium dioxide, TiO2.
          ⋅
It occurs associated with quartz, orthoclase, muscovite, laumontite, albite, hematite, calcite, chlorite, fluorite, beryl and bavenite.
Scolecite is isostructural with the sodium-calcium zeolite mesolite and the sodium zeolite natrolite, but it does not form a continuous chemical series with either of them.
Epsomite crystallizes in the orthorhombic system as rarely found acicular or fibrous crystals, the normal form is as massive encrustations.
Dumortierite crystallizes in the orthorhombic system typically forming fibrous aggregates of slender prismatic crystals.
The mineral also exhibits white to blue-tinted-white pleochroism under reflected light.
Tincalconite is a hydrous sodium borate mineral closely related to borax, and is a secondary mineral that forms as a dehydration product of borax.
Uvite was first found in 1929 in Uva Province, Sri Lanka, hence the name.
Mellite, also called honeystone, is an unusual mineral being also an organic chemical.
It has Mohs hardness of 5.5 to 6 and specific gravity of 3.74 to 3.85.
Industrially, it is used as an inexpensive flame retardant additive for fire-safe polymers.
Watatsumiite is the variety with vanadium replacing the titanium in the formula.
Dickite has a monoclinic crystal system and its crystal class is domatic.
These three axes of the kamiokite crystal are uniformly separated by 120°.
Brownleeite is a silicide mineral with chemical formula MnSi.
It is formed by the oxidation of galena and chalcopyrite and other copper sulfides.
Scandiobabingtonite was the sixth naturally occurring mineral discovered with the rare earth element scandium, and grows around babingtonite, with which it is isostructural, hence the namesake.
Prehnite pseudomorphs after laumontite have been found in India.
It is also pyrognomic, meaning that it becomes incandescent at a relatively low temperature of about 95 °C.
It usually is found in volcanic ash that has been altered by weathering and ground water.
The name is derived from the Greek words klino, ptylon, and lithos.
Kornerupine is a rare boro-silicate mineral with the formula4(Al,Fe3+)6(SiO4,BO4)5(O,OH)2.
Its specific gravity is very low at 1.032, just slightly denser than water.
It occurs with pyrophyllite, kyanite, andalusite, lazulite, augelite, alunite, kaolinite and quartz.
Pezzottaite, marketed under the name raspberyl or raspberry beryl, is a newly identified mineral species, first recognized by the International Mineralogical Association in September 2003.
It has a vitreous luster and perfect cleavage on [1011].
The color of grayite is most commonly observed as a light to dark reddish brown but has also been observed as lighter yellows with grayish tints.
Cahnite is a brittle white or colorless mineral that has perfect cleavage and is usually transparent.
It is considered an intermediate between the amphiboles glaucophane and magnesioriebeckite, which form a series.
Cerussite is a mineral consisting of lead carbonate, and an important ore of lead.
The name omphacite derives from the Greek omphax or unripe grape for the typical green color.
It is found in hydrothermal deposits left in calcareous rocks, often formed as a result of secondary mineralization.
It also appears as a rare mineral phase in pegmatite, tactite and basalt.
From Logan Point quarry, Dunedin volcano, New Zealand.
Pseudomalachite is polymorphous with reichenbachite and ludjibaite.
It occurs mainly as aggregates of fan like crystals.
The type locality at Mont Saint–Hilaire is the only reported occurrence.
The Bristol Diamonds became popular novelties for visitors to the spa at Hotwells, Bristol, during the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries.
The baryte group consists of baryte, celestine, anglesite and anhydrite.
The specific geologic setting within its origin is the Carleton talc quarry in Chester, Vermont.
It is biaxial with a birefringence of 0.0390–0.0400, giving second order red interference colors when viewed under crossed polarizers in a petrographic microscope.
It was first described in 1955 in the Novofrolovskoye copper–boron deposit, near Krasnoturinsk, Turinsk district, Northern Ural Mountains, Russia.
It is soft with a Mohs hardness of 2 and a specific gravity of 3.
Serandite is a mineral with formula Na(Mn2+,Ca)2Si3O8(OH).
Teallite was first described in 1904 from its type locality in Santa Rosa, Antequera, Bolivia.
It was first described in 1835 from the Schneeberg District, Erzgebirge, Saxony, Germany.
The name hyalophane comes from the Greek hyalos, meaning "glass", and phanos meaning "to appear".
Pure beryl is colorless, but it is frequently tinted by impurities; possible colors are green, blue, yellow, red, and white.
Nevadaite is a rare phosphate mineral with a chemical formula of
It has a Mohs hardness of 4 and a specific gravity of 5.85 to 5.95.
Millosevichite is a rare sulfate mineral with the chemical formula Al2(SO4)3.
Depending on the conditions in which it formed, it can take on many colors.
It is a member of the ilmenite group.
It also occurs in carbonatites and in associated fenites and other metasomatites.
Older papers claim that a complete solid solution exists between tetranatrolite and gonnardite, but tetranatrolite was discredited as a separate species in 1999.
Of these hues, the black opals are the rarest, whereas white and greens are the most common.
The English word "zircon" is derived from "Zirkon," which is the German adaptation of this word.
At Monteponi the crystals encrust cavities in glistening granular galena; and from Leadhills, in Scotland, pseudomorphs of anglesite after galena are known.
In addition to symmetrical properties, Jonesite is a biaxial mineral with birefringence, which is a term to describe the difference between index of refraction.
It belongs to the orthorhombic crystal system and is a part of the pyramidal class.
Here, metasomatism enriches a syenite massif with potassium when it comes into contact with a limestone at around 200–250 °C.
There is little solubility between these minerals due to different crystal habit and inability of substitution between alkali elements and ferro-magnesian elements within the amphibole structure.
It is named after Sir David Brewster who described it in 1822.
Xenotime is a rare earth phosphate mineral, the major component of which is yttrium orthophosphate.
Routhierite is a rare thallium sulfosalt mineral with formula Tl(Cu,Ag)(Hg,Zn)2(As,Sb)2S6.
Babingtonite contains both iron(II) and iron(III) and shows weak magnetism.
Hydrotalcite is a layered double hydroxide of general formula Mg
It was first described in 1942 for an occurrence in Chuquicamata, Chile and was named after Mat Sample, a mine superintendent for the Chile Exploration Company.
The tetrahedral sheet is composed mainly of silicon, but can have substantial substitiution of either Fe3+ or Al3+, or combinations of these two cations.
It is a mineral in medium temperature hydrothermal vein deposits.
Crystals are typically heavily striated parallel to the principal axis.
Pseudobrookite is an iron titanium oxide mineral with formula: Fe2TiO5 or2(Ti,Fe2+)O5.
At the Thuringia deposit the mineral occurs as a sublimation product resulting from fires associated with pyrite bearing, graptolitic slate.
It has a high specific gravity of 7.15 and a Mohs hardness of 4.5.
It occurs associated with vesuvianite, chlorite, magnetite, rutile, diaspore, grossular, calcite, diopside and clinozoisite in various locations.
It is found associated with chromium ores in Spain, Russia, and Quebec in Canada.
A synonym for the mineral is acmite in reference to the typical pointed crystals.
Variscite from Nevada typically contains black spiderwebbing in the matrix and is often confused with green turquoise.
Hematite can also occur without water, however, usually as the result of volcanic activity.
It was first described by Kapustin et al., and is found only in the Kovdor Massif near Kovdor, Kola Peninsula, Russia.
Bright, yellow tips of thorikosite can form on paralaurionite crystals and paralaurionite may also be intergrown with mendipite.
It is a medium-soft, brittle mineral occurring in pseudo-orthorhombic monoclinic bladed crystals and orange-brown to dark brown in color.
It has perfect to good cleavage in two directions and a quite high specific gravity of 6.83 due to the lead content.
It was first described in 1983 for an occurrence in Liu village, Tongbai, Henan Province, China and named for the locality.
It forms vesicle fillings and linings in altered basaltic lavas.
In composition it is closely related to dolomite, but differs from this in having magnesium replaced by varying amounts of iron(II) and manganese.
It may be dark gray if impure.
In loose form, it was one of the most widely used substances known as baby powder, along with corn starch.
            
It occurs within a xenolith in a leucite tephrite.
Lorandite occurs in low-temperature hydrothermal associations and in gold and mercury ore deposits.
Ullmannite is a nickel antimony sulfide mineral with formula: NiSbS.
Pentlandite is an effective electrolytic catalyst of hydrogen from water.
It was named after Roald Norbach Nielsen, a Danish expert in electron microprobe.
It is a phyllosilicate mineral and a member of the polylithionite-trilithionite series.
Sborgite is a sodium borate mineral with formula Na[B5O6(OH)4]·3H2O.
It was first described in 1847 in Salzburg, Austria.
Thomsonite was first identified in material from Scotland in 1820.
Chrome pyrope, and Bohemian garnet are two alternative names, the usage of the latter being discouraged by the Gemological Institute of America.
The mineral occurs mainly in metamorphosed clay rich sediments and felsic igneous rocks.
The mineral is named for its occasional delicate blue color.
It occurs in hydrothermal deposits associated with sphalerite, pyrite, chalcopyrite, barite and marcasite.
Tusionite is a rare colorless to transparent to translucent yellow brown trigonal borate mineral with chemical formula: MnSn(BO3)2.
Alleghanyite is a moderately rare humite mineral with formula Mn5(SiO4)2(OH)2, belonging to the nesosilicates class.
It was first described in 1932 for an occurrence in the Bushveld Igneous Complex of South Africa.
Haiweeite is a mineral of uranium and has the chemical formula: Ca[(UO2)2Si5O12(OH)2]·3(H2O).
Merenskyite is a rare telluride / bismuthinide mineral with formula:(Te,Bi)2.
The cause of the green color is chromium, and possibly iron.
It belongs to the benitoite group of minerals.
However, its most distinctive property is that it also changes color in artificial light compared to daylight.
It was named for Vojtĕch Rosický, of Masaryk University, Brno.
The name is derived from the Greenlandic Inuit word for reindeer, and means "reindeer blood."
Bismoclite is a bismuth oxohalide mineral with formula BiOCl.
Barrerite is a tectosilicate mineral and a member of the zeolite family.
The symmetry of Cymrite is classified as having a mirror plane.
Rutile is the most common natural form of TiO2.
The angles between three of the axes are all 90°.
It forms opaque silvery white orthorhombic prismatic crystals often exhibiting crystal twinning.
Analcime or analcite is a white, gray, or colorless tectosilicate mineral.
It was named for Argentine geologist brothers, Carlos Ameghino and Florentino Ameghino.
It was first described in 1913 and named for the mineral group, pyroxenes, and is known as the manganese member.
In 2003, nanoparticulate authigenic goethite was shown to be the most common diagenetic iron oxyhydroxide in both marine and lake sediments.
The formula was significantly revised in 1996, identifying sodium as a previously unknown constituent.
It can be seen as rust scale inside old steel water pipes and water tanks.
Other names for tephroite include mangan olivine and mangan peridot.
Ye'elimite is the naturally occurring form of calcium sulfoaluminate, Ca4(AlO2)6SO4.
In addition, the presence of structural water in opal makes it doubtful that opal consists of cristobalite.
Searlesite is usually found disseminated in fine-grained lacustrine strata and often associated with altering volcanic ash.
The Mohs hardness is high, being 7.5 - 8; the specific gravity is 2.96.
Altaite has an unusually high density for a light-colored mineral.
Sepiolite, also known as meerschaum is a soft white clay mineral, often used to make tobacco pipes.
Because of its amorphous character, it is classed as a mineraloid, unlike crystalline forms of silica, which are classed as minerals.
It is sometimes used as a gemstone.
It is sodium and calcium poor, making it part of the magnesium-iron-manganese-lithium amphibole subgroup.
The iron ions in the two coordination sites exhibit different spins, resulting in magnetic behavior.
Its main constituents are aluminium, silicon and hydrogen.
It has been found in both intrusive igneous and sedimentary environments.
The silicate was the rarer of the two, and was named hemimorphite, because of the hemimorph development of its crystals.
Baumhauerite occurs as small crystals embedded in dolomitic marble.
Axinite is a brown to violet-brown, or reddish-brown bladed group of minerals composed of calcium aluminium boro-silicate,3Al2BO3Si4O12OH.
Tourmaline is a crystalline boron silicate mineral compounded with elements such as aluminium, iron, magnesium, sodium, lithium, or potassium.
Marcel Charbonneau and his business partner Mike Berisoff were the first to create commercial doublets of the gem in 1967.
Associated minerals include augelite, attakolite, kyanite, pyrophyllite, scorzalite, lazulite, gatumbaite, burangaite, amblygonite, phosphosiderite, purpurite, apatite, muscovite, quartz, hematite in granite pegmatites.
The mineral belongs to the pyrite group, in which all minerals share the same building principle.
It has Mohs hardness of 5 and a density of 2.1 g/cm3.
Ordinary chrysoberyl is yellowish-green and transparent to translucent.
The mineral was discovered in 1931 in Långban, Sweden.
Furthermore, the angles between two of the axes is 90° while the other angle is less than 90°.
Tausonite is the rare naturally occurring mineral form of strontium titanate: chemical formula: SrTiO3.
Gregoryite was first described in 1980 and named after the British geologist and author John Walter Gregory, who studied the East African Rift Valley.
Columbite, also called niobite, niobite-tantalite and columbate [(Fe, Mn)Nb2O6], is a black mineral group that is an ore of niobium.
Wüstite is a mineral form of iron(II) oxide found with meteorites and native iron.
Optically it is uniaxial negative with indices of refraction of nω = 1.507 and nε = 1.468.
It crystallizes in the orthorhombic system and forms translucent bright blue acicular crystal clusters or drusey coatings.
It typically occurs as granular to massive in form and may pseudomorphically replace spodumene.
The geologic occurrence of iddingsite is limited to extrusive or subvolcanic rocks that are formed by injection of magma near the surface.
Gahnite, ZnAl2O4, is a rare mineral belonging to the spinel group.
Abramovite is a very rare mineral from the sulfides and sulfosalt categories.
It typically occurs in contact metamorphic rocks.
Kurnakovite is a hydrated borate of magnesium with the chemical composition MgB3O3(OH)5·5H2O.
Both of the chemically similar gold-silver tellurides, calaverite and sylvanite, are in the monoclinic crystal system, whereas krennerite is orthorhombic.
              +
      
The silicate structure of thaumasite is unusual due to the presence of non-tetrahedral silicon in its crystal lattice.
Whewellite is a mineral, hydrated calcium oxalate, formula CaC2O4·H2O.
It is made up of 26.91% calcium, 3.63% boron, 25.15% arsenic, 1.35% hydrogen, and 42.96% oxygen.
It forms isometric crystals, and is usually associated with rare tellurium and gold minerals, often with silver, mercury, and copper.
It is popular among many mineral collectors because of the large, well-developed crystals they form and the multiple colors they come in.
Its chemical makeup is 63% oxygen and 37% manganese.
Stilbite-Ca, by far the more common of the two, is a hydrous calcium sodium and aluminium silicate, NaCa4(Si27Al9)O72·28(H2O).
It occurs as soft, colorless to pale yellow crystals and efflorescences.
These two minerals form a series, that is to say intermediate compositions are possible, with varying proportions of nickel to magnesium.
An occurrence of hyalophane was discovered in 1855 in Lengenbach Quarry, Imfield, Binn valley, municipality of Binn, Canton of Valais, Switzerland.
Northupite is an uncommon evaporite mineral, with the chemical formula Na3Mg(CO3)2Cl.
Aurostibite is an isometric gold antimonide mineral which is a member of the pyrite group.
Siderite is also the name of a type of iron meteorite.
In pegmatites, it is often found in immense sheets that are commercially valuable.
It is structurally similar to the much more common mineral olivine.
It also is reported from deep sea manganese nodules.
It is quite soft and light with a Mohs hardness of 1.5 to 2 and a specific gravity of 2.24 to 2.29.
It was first described in 1823 in Ľubietová, Slovakia.
Stilpnomelane occurs associated with banded iron formations.
It has a brittle to conchoidal fracture.
In 1985 benitoite was named as the official state gem of California.
Because of these different axes lengths, it shows anisotropism, which will allow for the visibility of birefringence.
It is a phyllosilicate and a member of the apophyllite group.
Boracite is a magnesium borate mineral with formula: Mg3B7O13Cl.
Naturally occurring, hexagonal crystals of beryl can be up to several meters in size, but terminated crystals are relatively rare.
It is fairly soft mineral that has a high specific gravity.
              7
It has been reported from a large number of other localities.
It contains 74% of lead by mass and therefore has a high specific gravity of 6.3.
The name is derived from its resemblance to triplite.
Kankite is a mineral with the chemical formula Fe3+AsO4·3.5(H2O).
It is found only in the Eifel Mountains volcanic area near Mayen, Laacher See district of Germany.
          O
They may be colorless, white, orange, brown, pink, green, or yellow.
It was named for mineralogist Arthur Leonard Parsons of the University of Toronto, Canada.
It is the low temperature form and trimorphous with cinnabar and the high temperature hypercinnabar.
Limonite is an iron ore consisting of a mixture of hydrated iron(III) oxide-hydroxides in varying composition.
More than fifty percent iron makes the mineral loellingite whereas more than fifty percent nickel and the mineral is rammelsbergite.
A geological expedition has identified the exact place of the original discovery and found more specimens of the meteorite.
The mineral was first discovered in the Funakozawa Mine of northeastern Japan, a metasedimentary manganese ore.
It was first described in 1836 for an occurrence in Hoboken, New Jersey.
The mineral is one especially liable to alteration, and in the laboratory various substitution products of nepheline have been prepared.
It is a secondary mineral formed by the weathering and hydration of other minerals.
It is the most common mineral of thorium and is nearly always strongly radioactive.
It has a Mohs hardness of 3.5 - 4.0 and a specific gravity of 3.39 - 3.45.
Tungstite is a hydrous tungsten oxide mineral with formula: WO3·H2O.
It crystallizes in the orthorhombic crystal system.
Anorthite is the calcium endmember of plagioclase feldspar.
It was discovered in 1827 in the Susannah Mine, Leadhills in the county of Lanark, Scotland.
Such conditions existed in some places where molten magmas invaded coal deposits, e.g.
It has a metallic luster and leaves a white streak.
It was named after Konstantin Avtonomovich Nenadkevich, Russian mineralogist and geochemist.
Common textural habits associated with Pecoraite are curved plates, spirals and tubes.
Xingzhongite is an opaque, metallic mineral named for its location of discovery in China.
Hyalophane or jaloallofane is a crystalline mineral, part of the feldspar group of tectosilicates.
Ancylite is a group of hydrous strontium carbonate minerals containing cerium, lanthanum and minor amounts of other rare earth elements.
Lawsonite crystallizes in the orthorhombic system in prismatic, often tabular crystals.
The scientific name of "blue-violet zoisite" was not thought to be consumer friendly enough by Tiffanys marketing department, who introduced it to the market in 1968.
The type locality for the series and for brewsterite-Sr is Strontian, Argyll, Scotland.
The color is crimson to pink and occurs as a secondary coating known as cobalt bloom on cobalt arsenide minerals.
If only two of the three possible twin orientations are present, a "V"-shaped twin results.
Crystals of roscoelite take on the monoclinic form, and are from the 2/m point group.
the Smithonia meteorite of Oglethorpe County, Georgia
The mineral’s color ranges from cherry red to a dark red to a black.
It occurs with mooreite, willemite, fluorite, hydrozincite, pyrochroite, zincite and rhodochrosite at Sterling Hill, New Jersey.
Paralaurionite is a colorless mineral consisting of a basic lead chloride PbCl(OH) that is dimorphous with laurionite.
Linarite occurs as monoclinic prismatic to tabular crystals and irregular masses.
In nature, it forms when meteorites containing graphite strike the Earth.
Now the term betafite is a synonym or varietal group name under the pyrochlore super group.
There are four main types of wakefieldite- wakefieldite-(La), wakefieldite-(Ce), wakefieldite-(Nd), and wakefieldite-(Y), depending upon the dominant rare earth metal ion present.
It was discovered in 1986 in Manitoba, Canada, and named for Robert Bury Ferguson.
Though reportedly discovered in the 1940s, it was not known to the outside world until its description in 1978.
The name originates from the French chemist's name, Henri Etienne Sainte-Claire Deville.
It occurs as colorless grains that are hard to distinguish from fluoroapatite, as they both display low birefringence and high relief.
          ⋅
Devilline is a sulfate mineral with the chemical formula CaCu4(SO4)2(OH)6•3H2O.
It is an alloy of iron and nickel, with nickel proportions of 20% up to 65%.
        
A geological expedition has identified the exact place of the original discovery and found more specimens of the meteorite.
Fluoborite has a chemical formula of Mg3(BO3)(F,OH)3.
It has three refractive indices which are nα=1.531 nβ=1.534 nγ=1.538.
Sewardite was discovered in 1982 and named for the mineralogist, Terry M. Seward, a professor of geochemistry in Zürich, Switzerland.
This has significant consequences for the water storage capacity, and the solidus temperature of the lherzolite of the upper mantle.
Carlosruizite is a sulfate or selenate – iodate mineral with chemical formula: K6(Na,K)4Na6Mg10(SeO4)12(IO3)12·12H2O.
It is a member of the serpentine group.
It occurs with other supergene minerals such as chalcocite, covellite and digenite in the enriched zone of copper orebodies.
Enargite is a steel gray, blackish gray, to violet black mineral with metallic luster.
The largest documented kamacite crystal measured 92×54×23 cm.
Erythrite crystallizes in the monoclinic system and forms prismatic crystals.
                    40
It is named after the English chemist and mineralogist William Hyde Wollaston.
Botryolite is a botryoidal form of datolite.
             
It has a Mohs hardness of 3, a white streak and an adamantine lustre.
Macaulayite is a red, earthy, monoclinic mineral, with the chemical formula24Si4O43(OH)2.
Magnesioferrite crystallizes as black metallic octahedral crystals.
Schreibersite is generally a rare iron nickel phosphide mineral,3P, though common in iron-nickel meteorites.
Diamond is the allotrope of carbon in which the carbon atoms are arranged in the specific type of cubic lattice called diamond cubic.
Galaxite is the manganese rich endmember of the aluminium series of the spinel group.
Copiapite can easily be distinguished from native sulfur because it does not give off an odor when dissolved in water.
It is a secondary mineral which forms in the oxidized zone of copper sulfide deposits.
It occurs in nepheline syenites and pegmatites in association with aegirine, nepheline, microcline, arfvedsonite, elpidite, loparite, eudialyte, astrophyllite, mangan-neptunite, lavenite, rinkite, apatite, titanite and ilmenite.
It occurs in meteorites along the grain boundaries of kamacite or troilite in the form of tiny plates.
It occurs associated with kamacite, taenite, schreibersite, cohenite, pentlandite and magnetite.
Its name comes from the Latin word acumen, meaning "spear point".
It occurs as colorless to yellowish, purplish, or lilac kunzite, yellowish-green or emerald-green hiddenite, prismatic crystals, often of great size.
It was first described in 1813 and named for Abraham Hume.
Despite its rarity, it is economically viable as the Hector mine sits over a large deposit of the mineral.
The arsenic content gives a garlic odor when heated or crushed.
Anatase is one of the three mineral forms of titanium dioxide, the other two being brookite and rutile.
Lemanskiite is tetragonal, but lavendulan is monoclinic.
Aenigmatite forms a solid-solution series with wilkinsonite, Na2Fe2+4Fe3+2Si6O20.
            
Altaite, or lead telluride, is a yellowish white mineral with an isometric crystal structure.
Because Devilline occurs in such oxidation zones, this mineral often is of post-mining origin.
Eucryptite is a lithium bearing aluminium silicate mineral with formula LiAlSiO4.
Rhodochrosite is a manganese carbonate mineral with chemical composition MnCO3.
Cylindrite is a sulfosalt mineral containing tin, lead, antimony and iron with formula: Pb3Sn4FeSb2S14.
It has a submetallic luster and a high density and is a niobate of iron and manganese.
It was named after a Czech mineralogist, Josef Sekanina.
Structurally, illite is quite similar to muscovite with slightly more silicon, magnesium, iron, and water and slightly less tetrahedral aluminium and interlayer potassium.
Analcime occurs as a primary mineral in analcime basalt and other alkaline igneous rocks.
It was originally spelt “kutnahorite” but “kutnohorite” is the current IMA-approved spelling.
It occurs only in small grains or fine granular aggregates with other copper minerals of the sulfide group.
            
Because of its low specific gravity and its high porosity, it may float upon water, hence its German name.
It is classified as H-M symbol with space group of P21/n.
Allactite is a rare arsenate mineral of metamorphosed manganese zinc ore deposits.
Its chemical formula is(Al, Si)4O8, where Ca/(Ca + Na) is between 30%-50%.
Less-desirable stones may have daylight colors of yellowish-green and incandescent colors of brownish red.
It occurs as a secondary mineral phase in the oxidation zone of copper arsenide deposits.
It was first described in 1857 from the Algodones silver mine, Coquimbo, Chile.
Johannite is a rare uranium sulfate mineral.
The name is from the Ancient Greek for "straight fracture," because its two cleavage planes are at right angles to each other.
In 1963, it was identified as a new mineral and named after the Sono mine.
Kogarkoite is named after the Russian petrologist Lia Nikolaevna Kogarko who discovered the mineral.
The specific gravity is 3.4 and the hardness  6 1⁄2.
Bromyrite or bromargyrite is a natural mineral form of silver bromide found mainly in Mexico and Chile.
Schoepite was named to honor Alfred Schoep, Professor of Mineralogy at the University of Ghent, Belgium.
The mineral was named in 1865 for the German mineralogist Hieronymous Theodor Richter.
Brucite is the mineral form of magnesium hydroxide, with the chemical formula Mg(OH)2.
Cuspidine occurs as crystals in tuff from Monte Somma.
It forms striking, dark green orthorhombic crystals.
It is green and often forms botryoidal aggregates.
Leadhillite crystallises in the monoclinic system, but develops pseudo-hexagonal forms due to crystal twinning.
Opal is the national gemstone of Australia.
It forms a series with the phosphate pseudomalachite and is a dimorph of the triclinic cornubite.
The Mohs hardness varies from 5 to 6 and the specific gravity is 3.2 to 3.4.
Some smaller deposits of this mineral can be found in Mexico, where its use is tied to the manufacture of Maya blue in pre-Columbian times.
The cation-exchange capacity of illite is smaller than that of smectite but higher than that of kaolinite, typically around 20 – 30 meq/100 g.
Baryte is generally white or colorless, and is the main source of barium.
Paecilomyces javanicus is a mold collected from a lead-polluted soil that is able to form biominerals of pyromorphite 
Ferrihydrite also occurs in the core of the ferritin protein from many living organisms, for the purpose of intra-cellular iron storage.
Clintonite and its iron-rich variety xanthophyllite are sometimes considered the calcium analogues of the phlogopites.
Ferric iron is the cause of the yellow in the stone.
Susannite is a lead sulfate carbonate hydroxide mineral.
It is a member of the diaspore group and is trimorphous with manganite and feitknechtite.
Phenakite or phenacite is a fairly rare nesosilicate mineral consisting of beryllium orthosilicate, Be2SiO4.
It was first discovered in 1839 in Beryozovskoye deposit, Urals, Russia.
Due to its thorium content, grayite displays some radioactivity although it is only moderate and the mineral displays powder XRD peaks without any metamict-like effects.
The name is from the Latin cerussa, white lead.
The color is white, sometimes greyish, bluish, or purple.
It is the high-pressure, low-temperature dimorph of rhodonite.
Associated minerals include sylvanite, hessite, altaite, petzite, empressite, native tellurium, native gold, galena, sphalerite, colusite, tennantite and pyrite.
Lazulite has a Mohs hardness of 5.5 to 6 and a specific gravity of 3.0 to 3.1.
Both manganese and magnesium substitute in the structure.
George-ericksenite is a mineral with the chemical formula Na6CaMg(IO3)6(CrO4)2(H2O)12.
It is a tetragonal polymorph of silica first known as a synthetic phase.
The dynamically disordered nature of the β-phase is partly responsible for the low enthalpy of fusion of silica.
Its tetragonal crystals are a translucent blue, white, colorless or pink with a vitreous to dull lustre.
Its refractive index is almost identical to that of BaF2.
It was named after a location in Farnese, Lazio, Italy.
The streak is white, like most silicates.
Pyrochlore2Nb2O6(OH,F) is a mineral group of the niobium end member of the pyrochlore supergroup.
The type locality is the Madjarovo polymetallic ore deposit in the Rhodope mountains.
              32
It readily alters to brucite under near surface conditions.
Its hardness is 3.5 and crystallizes in the monoclinic crystal system.
Onyx is a banded variety of the oxide mineral chalcedony.
Transparent specimens are used as gems, called ruby if red and padparadscha if pink-orange.
Magnetite is ferrimagnetic; it is attracted to a magnet and can be magnetized to become a permanent magnet itself.
Dickite is an important alteration indicator in hydrothermal systems as well as occurring in soils and shales.
It has been reported from meteorites, copper-nickel hydrothermal deposits, skarn, pegmatite, kimberlites and alkalic intrusive complexes.
Hübnerite or hubnerite is a mineral consisting of manganese tungsten oxide.
Carpathite is a very rare hydrocarbon mineral.
It forms white or light green, acicular monoclinic prismatic crystals, usually microscopic in size.
This is a rare mineral to encounter in its natural state, but it has been made synthetically for over 40 years.
Some of it was extracted by native peoples, but only one of several commercial attempts at mining turned a profit there.
Gunningite is one of the minerals in the Kieserite group.
Hubeite has a hardness of 5.5 in the Mohs scale, one good cleavage and conchoidal fracture.
It belongs to the spinel group of minerals, as does magnetite, Fe3O4.
It was first found, in 1815, at Telemark in Norway.
The gemstone variety, larimar, is a pale to sky blue.
It occurs associated with ilmenite, titaniferous magnetite, titanite, anatase, perovskite, baddeleyite, phlogopite, clinochlore and kassite.
It is a magnesium beryllium phosphate mineral.
It occurs with cinnabar in mercury deposits and is associated with native mercury, wurtzite, stibnite, marcasite, realgar, calcite, barite, chalcedony and hydrocarbons.
The mica group of sheet silicate minerals includes several closely related materials having nearly perfect basal cleavage.
The name is from the Persian lazward for blue.
It has a brittle fracture and no cleavage.
Laplandite is orthorhombic, which states that crystallographically, it contains three axes of unequal lengths that all intersect at 90 degrees, perpendicular to one another.
Greifensteinite is beryllium phosphate mineral with formula: Ca2Fe2+5Be4(PO4)6(OH)4·6H2O.
            
It was named after Polish mineralogist Ignacy Domeyko by Wilhelm Haidinger.
The pleochroism is strong, the hardness is 5–6, and the specific gravity is 3.4–3.9.
Hidalgoite specimens are usually associated with copper minerals, clay minerals, iron oxides and polymetallic sulfides in occurrence.
It was named for Peruvian metallurgist Antenor Rizo-Patron the discoverer of the deposit.
Cotunnite is the natural mineral form of lead(II) chloride with formula PbCl2.
Jerrygibbsite was originally discovered by Pete J. Dunn in 1984, who named it after mineralogist Gerald V. Gibbs.
Monoclinic cummingtonite is compositionally similar and polymorphic with orthorhombic anthophyllite, which is a much more common form of magnesium-rich amphibole, the latter being metastable.
It has a pale greenish yellow color and streak with tabular subhedral crystals and good cleavage on {001}.
Barbertonite is a magnesium chromium carbonate mineral with formula of [Mg6Cr2(OH)16CO3·4H2O].
It has a Mohs hardness of 5.5 to 6 and a specific gravity of 2.55 to 2.65.
Its name derives from the Greek sideros and tilos in reference to its iron content and typical fibrous form.
Hessite is found in the US in Eagle County, Colorado and in Calaveras County, California and in many other locations.
On account of the color and form of the crystals the mineral was early known as 'white garnet'.
Phosphorite is a phosphate-rich sedimentary rock, that contains between 18% and 40% P2O5.
Népouite is a rare nickel silicate mineral which has the apple green colour typical of such compounds.
Nephrite is a variety of the calcium, magnesium, and iron-rich amphibole minerals tremolite or actinolite.
Greigite is an iron sulfide mineral with formula Fe3S4 sulfide).
Datolite is a calcium boron hydroxide nesosilicate, CaBSiO4(OH).
Its crystals may be pinkish to yellowish brown or red-orange.
It has a Mohs hardness of 3.5 to 4 and a specific gravity of 3.8.
Pharmacolite and picropharmacolite, which are different arsenates, are not associated besides via nomenclature.
Notable occurrences include Tajikistan; Mount Vesuvius, Italy; and Parícutin, Michoacan, Mexico.
Lighter concentrations yield white, yellow, or light orange colors.
Scawtite was first described in 1929 for an occurrence at Scawt Hill in Northern Ireland.
Playfairite has a hardness of 3.5 to 4 on Mohs scale and a density of approximately 6.44.
It was first described in 1874 for an occurrence in Huitzuco de los Figueroa, Guerrero, Mexico.
It occurs as a retrograde metamorphic phase in a calc-silicate and sulfde skarn deposit.
It was discovered in 1983 in northern Yukon, Canada, and described in 1986.
      
It forms as soft white powdery monoclinic crystal masses.
Hornblende is a complex inosilicate series of minerals.
Demantoid is the green gemstone variety of the mineral andradite, a member of the garnet group of minerals.
It was discovered at the Christmas mine in Christmas, Arizona, and described in 1976.
It is a secondary mineral which contains magnesium and is a bright yellow colour, its crystal habit is acicular, but can form in other shapes.
It is closely associated with silver mines, most notably the Keeley mine in Ontario, Canada, found in quartz veinlets containing graphite in gneiss.
It is a mineral that typically occurs in cavities in fossil bearing sedimentary rocks.
It was first described in 1900 for an occurrence in the Narsarsuk pegmatite in the Ilimaussaq intrusive complex of West Greenland.
Sekaninaite2Al4Si5O18) is a silicate mineral, the iron-rich analogue of cordierite.
It has also been reported from Mariposa and Tulare counties in California.
Warikahnite is a rare zinc arsenate mineral of the triclinic crystal system with Hermann- Mauguin notation 1, belonging to the space group P1.
It forms colorless, white, or yellow-brown crystals in the isometric-hexoctahedral class.
It is a member of the cancrinite-sodalite group, approved in 2004 as a new mineral species.
The perovskite crystal structure was first described by Victor Goldschmidt in 1926, in his work on tolerance factors.
The results are important to plate tectonics because magnetite is an important recorder of rock magnetism.
It occurs associated with stibnite, sphalerite, baryte, fluorite, siderite, cassiterite, arsenopyrite, stannite, zinkenite, tetrahedrite, pyrite, alunite, quartz, pyrargyrite, stephanite and rhodochrosite.
The mineral also contains trace amounts of chromium and vanadium.
Pargasite is the main water-storage site in the uppermost mantle, however it becomes unstable at depths greater than 90 km.
They are the largest and most important class of rock-forming minerals and make up approximately 90 percent of the Earth's crust.
The mineral aggregate heliotrope, also known as bloodstone, is a variety of jasper or chalcedony.
It is a member of the spinel group and a high pressure polymorph of chromite.
It belongs to halides and is a sea salt concentrate dated from the Permian Period.
It is classed as a member of the feldspathoid group of minerals; the alkali feldspars that are poor in silica.
Minor amounts of potassium and calcium substitute for sodium.
Its mineral association includes cafetite, perovskite, titanite, rutile and ilmenite.
Raman spectroscopy studies indicate that it may be a mixture of complex hydrocarbons including benzonaphthothiophenes and dinaphthothiophenes.
This poisonous clay, known also by the place name as "clay of Kutná Hora"', was widely known and it was considered to be 'arsenic'.
Hidalgoite is categorized under the trigonal crystal system and R3m space group and can be denoted by the H-M symbol.
Now the mineral nagyagite is known as săcărîmbit.
It occurs as fine-grained masses in nodules, cavity fillings, and crusts.
The mineral's name dervies from its status as the magnesium analogue of pascoite.
It is often found associated with arsenopyrite from which it is hard to distinguish.
It was discovered in 1966 by the Canadian mineralogist John Leslie Jambor.
The occurrences in meteorites and the lunar sample are thought to have been produced by interaction with Earth's atmosphere.
Despite their apparent chemical simplicity, these two uranyl species are the only reported peroxide minerals.
It used to be known as pitchblende.
It occurs as tabular to platey monoclinic green to yellow green crystals.
It has a Mohs hardness of 5 to 5.5 and a low specific gravity of 2.2 to 2.4.
India, Madagascar, and South Africa have large deposits of monazite sands.
Only recently defined and acknowledged, it was approved by the IMA in 1969.
used infrared spectroscopy to measure water content in Roméite crystals.
It exhibits very small, transparent crystals with a bright orange-red color.
Ulvöspinel or ulvite is an iron titanium oxide mineral with formula: Fe2TiO4 or TiFe2+2O4.
                
It forms brown to yellow to rose colored orthorhombic dipyramidal crystals with a dull to earthy luster.
It was first described in 1977 by P.J.
Seifertite forms micrometre-sized crystalline lamellae embedded into a glassy SiO2 matrix.
In Dupezeh Mountain, Iraq, it occurs in melilite bearing skarn.
It is a bright, canary-yellow color because of its high uranium content.
Stolzite is a mineral, a lead tungstate; with the formula PbWO4.
Qingsongite  is a rare boron nitride mineral with cubic crystalline form.
It is always found with these two minerals.
It was first described in 1844 for an occurrence in Cerros Pintados, Pampa del Tamarugal, Iquique Province, Tarapacá Region, Chile.
Under plane polarized light, zorite displays different colors depending on the angle that the light hits the mineral.
Arsenopyrite also can be associated with significant amounts of gold.
Andorite occurs in low-temperature polymetallic hydrothermal veins.
Its name was from the Greek for well concealed, for its typical occurrence embedded in albite.
The crystals are typically twinned, and both contact twinning and penetration twinning may be observed.
It was named for the unusual twinning which produces an apparent five-fold symmetry.
Mineralization takes place around the base of basaltic dyke margins.
Lead tungstate crystals have the optical transparency of glass combined with much higher density.
The name is from German kosmisch, for its occurrence in meteorites, and the Greek chlor, for green.
Associated minerals include sphalerite, cassiterite, siderite and briartite.
It is a hydrated sodium and aluminium silicate with the formula Na2Al2Si3O10 · 2H2O.
The name arseniosiderite reflects two major elements of the mineral, arsenic and iron.
It is an indicator mineral of the prehnite-pumpellyite metamorphic facies.
Okenite is a silicate mineral that is usually associated with zeolites.
Chemically, it is also quite similar to triploidite the difference being that triplite is fluorine dominant while triploidite is hydroxide dominant.
Hagendorfite is in the monoclinic crystal class; the mineral's internal symmetry consists of three axes with unequal length.
Potassium, iron, and other cations are common substitutes, and the exact ratio of cations varies with source.
It is formed by biological and physical processes, including precipitation from marine and freshwater environments.
The species was named bromlite by T. Thomson in 1837, and alstonite by August Breithaupt of the Freiberg Mining Academy in 1841.
Fluor-liddicoatite is indistinguishable from elbaite by X-ray diffraction techniques.
          
The mineral was named in 1863 after the forest god Tapio of Finnish mythology, and the original tapiolite material came from Sukula, Tammela, Tavastia Proper, Finland.
It is a secondary mineral that contains copper, uranium and the rarer selenium.
          
Botryogen is a hydrous magnesium sulfate mineral with formula: MgFe3+(SO4)2(OH)·7H2O.
It crystallizes in the trigonal crystal system, and are rhombohedral in shape, typically with curved and striated faces.
These crystals produced an X-ray powder diffraction pattern that did not match any XRD data listed for inorganic compounds.
It was first described in 1915 and named after Lucien Lewis Forneau the governor of the French Congo.
Albite often occurs as fine parallel segregations alternating with pink microcline in perthite as a result of exolution on cooling.
It has the chemical formula of Ca3Al2(SiO4)3 but the calcium may, in part, be replaced by ferrous iron and the aluminium by ferric iron.
Gmelinite-Na has been synthesised from Na-bearing aluminosilicate gels.
              2
              2
It was discovered in 1960 in Ajo, Arizona, US, and was named after the Sand Papago peoples that inhabit the area.
This indicates that it has three axes of unequal length yet all are perpendicular to each other.
Calcite is a carbonate mineral and the most stable polymorph of calcium carbonate.
An analogous zinc phosphate, tarbuttite, is known.
Fassaite is a variety of augite with a very low iron content, Ca(Mg,Fe,Al)(Si,Al)2O6.
It is an iron magnesium manganese alumino-silicate hydroxide with formula:2Al4Si2O10(OH)4.
It is named for Shiga Prefecture, Japan, where it was discovered in 1985.
Claudetite is formed as an oxidation product of arsenic sulfides and is colorless or white.
It is usually found in low to moderate temperature hydrothermal deposits.
Like bronzite, it is sometimes cut and polished as a gemstone.
Bukovskyite was collected a long time ago from the overgrown pit heaps by the inhabitants of Kutná Hora.
Putnisite occurs as small cube-like crystals in volcanic rock.
It was first described in 1960 for an occurrence on Ornak Mountain, Western Tatra Mountains, Małopolskie, Poland.
Color is often gray, brown, or green, and the luster is usually vitreous to pearly.
It was first described in 1828 for an occurrence in the Sauberg Mine, Erzgebirge, Saxony, Germany.
The name comes from "tincal", Sanskrit for borax, and Greek, "konis", meaning powder, for its composition and typical powdery nature.
Teallite forms soft silvery grey mica-like plates and crystallizes in the orthorhombic system.
        
Magnetite is black or brownish-black with a metallic luster, has a Mohs hardness of 5–6 and leaves a black streak.
It is also a common diagenetic mineral in shales and sandstones, where it sometimes forms concretions, which can encase three-dimensionally preserved fossils.
Tapiolite-(Fe) is by far the more common of the two.
The mineral was first noted in Sweden in 1865 as chondrarsenite, though not identified as Sarkinite until 1885.
It belongs to the laueite – paravauxite group, paravauxite subgroup, although Mindat puts it as a member of the vantasselite Al4(PO4)3(OH)3·9H2O group.
The deposits in India are particularly rich in monazite.
Stützite or stuetzite is a silver telluride mineral with formula: Ag5−xTe3 or Ag7Te4.
                    3
This mineral is a member of the P1 space group meaning that it can be rotated 360° degrees and inverted to obtain the original figure.
Birefringence is the difference between two principal indices of refraction of a uniaxial crystal.
Efforts to synthesize silicon carbide in a laboratory began in the late 1800s.
6–7 GPa, i.e., at substantially lower pressure than the phase transitions of forsterite.
Triplite was first described in 1813 for an occurrence in Chanteloube, Limousin, France.
The mineral pyrite, or iron pyrite, also known as fool's gold, is an iron sulfide with the chemical formula FeS2.
Because of the rarity and small crystal size, zemannite has no applications and serves as a collector's item.
It was first described in 1893 for an occurrence in the Narssârssuk pegmatite of West Greenland.
An uncommon mineral, huttonite forms transparent or translucent cream–colored crystals.
Kaolinite  is a clay mineral, part of the group of industrial minerals, with the chemical composition Al2Si2O5(OH)4.
REE refers to rare earth elements, mostly those belonging to the lanthanide series.
YAG, like garnet and sapphire, has no uses as a laser medium when pure.
It forms a series with the copper analogue iranite.
It has a density of 2.944 g/cm3.
Cahnite was discovered in the year 1921.
In Canada, it occurs at Oka, Quebec and in Australia, west of Cowell, Eyre Peninsula, South Australia.
It is formed from the oxidation and alteration of primary uranium ores.
It was named for its grape like appearance from Greek botrys for bunch of grapes and genos to bear.
Akimotoite is a rare silicate mineralSiO3) in the ilmenite group of minerals.
It is most often found in Chile, Argentina, Tasmania, Russia, Cyprus, Switzerland and South Africa.
Combeite is a rare silicate mineral with the formula Na2Ca2Si3O9.
Thorianite is a rare thorium oxide mineral, ThO2.
Because of its extreme water solubility it is unlikely to persist except in the dryest of conditions.
It can be colorless, gray, light gray, lemon white, or pink.
It forms cubic, octahedral or pyritohedral crystals in addition to massive and reniform habits.
It has strong birefringence, which is the decomposition of light into two rays, and appears dark blue and gray.
It was discovered as triclinic crystals occurring as volcanic sublimates around fumaroles in the crater of the Izalco Volcano, El Salvador.
Descloizite is a rare mineral species consisting of basic lead and zinc vanadate,2(OH)VO4, crystallizing in the orthorhombic crystal system and isomorphous with olivenite.
It was first described in 1845 for occurrences in Freiberg, Saxony, Germany.
Pyrargyrite is a sulfosalt mineral consisting of silver sulfantimonide, Ag3SbS3.
This mineral's metallic luster and pale brass-yellow hue give it a superficial resemblance to gold, hence the well-known nickname of fool's gold.
Cervandonite is named after the location where it was first described, Pizzo Cervandone, Italy in the Central Alps.
Tangeite, also known as calciovolborthite, is a calcium, copper vanadate mineral with formula: CaCu(VO4)(OH).
The silica content of phengite has been proposed as a geobarometer for the metamorphism of low grade schists.
Despite the similarity of their names, chrysoberyl and beryl are two completely different gemstones, although they both contain beryllium.
Santabarbaraite occurs as pseudomorphic masses after vivianite2·8H2O).
If the mineral dries out, it converts to meta-autunite-I, which can turn into meta-autunite-II after heating.
It was named in 1960 for the type locality, the Talmessi mine, Anarak district, Iran.
The crystal habit is as platy and mammillary encrustations on its matrix.
The species are visually indistinguishable and the series name thomsonite is used whenever testing has not been performed.
A dense, brittle mineral, it is usually found in the form of red hexagonal crystals.
It was first described in 1872 for an occurrence in the Schneeberg District, Erzgebirge, Saxony, Germany.
It was first described in 1976 for an occurrence in soils at its type locality: Kolomyya, Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast, Ukraine.
The crystals are sometimes perfectly colorless and transparent, but more often they are greyish or yellowish and only translucent; occasionally they are pale rose-red.
It was originally found in 1843 in the Beryozovskoye deposit, Ural Mountains.
Pezzottaite will lose its color if heated to 450 °C for two hours, but the color can be restored with gamma irradiation.
It was first described in Germany at Greifenstein Rocks, Ehrenfriedersdorf, and was named for the location.
It has a Mohs hardness of 4 and a specific gravity of 8.38 - 8.72.
      
A copper containing variety cupro-allophane has been reported.
Faujasite is a mineral group in the zeolite family of silicate minerals.
An alternative name sometimes used for the dolomitic rock type is dolostone.
The new mineral was found along with hexamolybdenum.
It is a very rare mineral, consisting of a silver-rich variety of amalgam, containing about 87% silver and 13% mercury.
Other varieties of gem-quality corundum are called sapphires.
Paragonite is a common mineral in rocks metamorphosed under blueschist facies conditions along with other sodic minerals such as albite, jadeite and glaucophane.
It is a hydrothermal mineral occurring in volcanic rocks such as basalt.
It occurs as an alteration mineral in contact metamorphism of limestone.
The chemical formula for nephrite is Ca2(Mg, Fe)5Si8O22(OH)2.
The mineral occurs as exsolution lamellae and particles in rutile, coexisting with kyanite, sillimanite, and tourmaline in a highly metamorphosed gneiss.
In its pure form, it is typically a rose-red color, but impure specimens can be shades of pink to pale brown.
The mineral or gemstone chrysoberyl is an aluminate of beryllium with the formula BeAl2O4.
It streaks white, and its Mohs hardness varies between 3.5 and 4.
Forsterite reacts with quartz to form the orthopyroxene mineral enstatite in the following reaction:
It occurs as brown to black prismatic orthorhombic crystals which are vitreous and transparent.
As a result, there are three different aluminium sites: two distorted tetrahedral and one octahedral.
In 2013 new occurrences of ianbruceite were reported from the neighbouring Driggith and Potts Gill mines on High Pike in the Caldbeck Fells, Cumbria, England.
Bastnäsite and the phosphate mineral monazite are the two largest sources of cerium and other rare earth elements.
Christite has an adamantine luster and leaves behind an orange streak.
Its crystal habit is acicular, it is most likely to be found along with the uranyl selenium mineral demesmaekerite, but derriksite is much rarer than demesmaekerite.
It is a member of the autunite group.
Corkite will also form a solid solution with kintoreite.
                
Whilst some claim it was named after Scottish mineral collector James Edington, most sources credit Thomas Edington FRSE, a Scottish geologist and mineralogist of greater fame.
It was discovered in 1985 in a placer in association with another rare mineral cupaliteAl).
Sklodowskite is a uranium mineral with the chemical formula: Mg(UO2)2(HSiO4)2·5H2O.
Arfvedsonite was discovered in 1823 and named for the Swedish chemist Johan August Arfwedson.
Prolonged inhalation of asbestos fibers can cause serious and fatal illnesses including lung cancer, mesothelioma, and asbestosis.
        α
The mineral may also be colorless, white, or light green.
The hydromagnesite-magnesite playas near Atlin, British Columbia are some of the most studied deposits of hydromagnesite.
Indices of refraction are the ratio of the light's speed in the mineral and the medium.
The unit cell is of symmetry group P41212 or P43212.
It was first described in 1848 for an occurrence in Skellefteå, Västerbotten, Sweden.
Atacamite is a comparatively rare mineral, formed from primary copper minerals in the oxidation or weathering zone of arid climates.
Taenite is a major constituent of iron meteorites.
Polyhalite was first described in 1818 for specimens from its type locality in Salzburg, Austria.
It is an indicator mineral of the prehnite-pumpellyite metamorphic facies.
Its type locality is Ouro Prêto, Minas Gerais, Southeast Region, Brazil, where it occurs with topaz.
It also occurs in kimberlites, in some reduced iron-bearing basalts and is common in lunar basalts.
Well-formed crystals are rare, with most of the mineral manifesting in crusts or small reniform aggregates.
For physical and optical identification, it shares most of the characteristic properties of biotite.
Xonotlite is rated 6.5 on the Mohs Scale of hardness.
This means that it has more than one optic axis.
Synthetic knorringite has the pure endmember formula Mg3Cr2(SiO4)3.
Devilline is an anisotropic mineral, meaning that the mineral has different properties in different directions.
Associations: gypsum, anhydrite, hexahydrite, löweite, eugsterite, pyrite, quartz.
Maskelynite is a glassy phase found in some meteorites and meteorite impact craters.
Waterhouseite is on the softer side with a Mohs hardness of 4, has a specific gravity of 3.5 and a yellowish-brown streak.
Hydrous wadsleyite is considered a potential site for water storage in the Earth’s mantle due to the low electrostatic potential of the underbonded oxygen atoms.
Its hardness is 6-6.5, its specific gravity is 2.80-2.90 and its color varies from light green to yellow, but also colorless, blue, pink or white.
Its chemical formula is[AlSi3O8] with an ideal composition of RbAlSi3O8.
Bobdownsite was first recovered from Big Fish River, Yukon, Canada from a Lower Cretaceous outcrop of bedded ironstones and shales.
Bursaite is a sulfosalt of the lillianite family.
Zussmanite occurs as pale green crystals with perfect cleavage.
Its Mohs hardness is 2.5 and the specific gravity is 6.28.
          
It has a specific gravity of 1.21 and a Mohs hardness of 1 to 2.
Romanèchite is a valuable ore of manganese, which is used in steelmaking.
Closely related is cabrerite wherein some of the nickel is replaced by magnesium.
The geological environment that it occurs in is in pegmatites cutting a changed zinc orebody.
It was discovered in 1907 in what is now Zambia and named for Percy Tarbutt.
Hydrokenoelsmoreite is a hydrous tungsten oxide mineral with formula □2W2O6(H2O).
It was first discovered in 1923 in the Mendip Hills, Somerset, England associated with mendipite.
It was officially delisted as a mineral in 2006, being cited as an intergrowth of two other sulfosalts.
It was discovered in 1961 at Vavnbed Mountain in the Lovozero Massif, in the Northern Region of Russia.
Because of this quenching requirement, armalcolite is relatively rare and is usually found in association with ilmenite and rutile, among other minerals.
It crystallizes in the tetragonal crystal system.
Lanthanites are a group of isostructural rare earth element carbonate minerals.
Its specific gravity is between 3.5 and 3.7.
It was first described for samples from an abandoned manganese mine in Falotta, Graubünden, Switzerland and named for Swiss amateur mineralogist Walter Cabalzar.
It is named after the Swedish chemist Lars Gunnar Sillén, who mostly studied bismuth-oxygen compounds.
Mining activity today is largely confined to hobby miners in the area; the major mines are currently inactive.
If obtainable in large quantity, it would be of economic importance as a source of aluminium.
This silicate mineral has been found as inclusions in pegmatites, primarily in the Kola Peninsula in Lappland, where the mineral's name gets its origin.
It was probably formed after the alteration of other mercury minerals such as cinnabar.
Zeunerite is a green copper uranium arsenate mineral with formula Cu(UO2)2(AsO4)2•(10-16)H2O.
According to court documents, Armstrong agreed to pay $500,000 within three months to buy out Grohe.
Shigaite is a mineral with formula NaAl3(Mn2+)6(SO4)2(OH)18·12H2O that typically occurs as small, hexagonal crystals or thin coatings.
Iron and magnesium ions are located on the M1 inversion sites and calcium ions occupy the M2 site on mirror planes.
It is found at the fumaroles of volcanoes, over burning coal seams, and in burning piles of anthracite.
It is usually colourless, like quartz, but can also be either pale yellow or yellowish-brown.
Wakabayashilite is a rare arsenic, antimony sulfide mineral with formula [(As,Sb)6S9][As4S5].
            [
This mineral was historically found in Europe in Bohemia, Saxony, and Cornwall.
Malayaite is a calcium tin silicate mineral with formula CaSnO[SiO4].
As natural cryolite is too rare to be used for this purpose, synthetic sodium aluminium fluoride is produced from the common mineral fluorite.
It has a Mohs hardness of 3.5 to 4 and a specific gravity of 8.23.
It occurs as aggregates of small monoclinic white crystals.
Microlite is a mineral in the pyrochlore group that occurs in pegmatites and constitutes an ore of tantalum.
Lepidocrocite), also called esmeraldite or hydrohematite, is an iron oxide-hydroxide mineral.
It is a mineral of secondary origin, a result of the oxidation of copper ores and arsenopyrite.
A type locality is the Clark Ledges pegmatite, Chesterfield, Hampshire County, Massachusetts.
The only known commercially viable and operational notronite mine is located in Canterbury, New Zealand.
The mineral occurs in pegmatite deposits and is easily mistaken for albite and other feldspars.
It was formerly also known by the name hydrocalcite, which is now discredited by the IMA.
Cubanite occurs in high temperature hydrothermal deposits with pyrrhotite and pentlandite as intergrowths with chalcopyrite.
It is a very U and Th rich mineral, which in fact makes it slightly radioactive.
It has a hardness of 3 and a specific gravity of 4.45.
The typical habit is as earthy botryoidal masses.
The presence of fluorapatite helps prevent tooth decay or dental caries.
It was first described in 1906 for an occurrence in the Morogoro Region of Tanzania.
It occurs as a residual mineral in lateritic soils.
It occurs as a secondary mineral in copper deposits in association with olivenite, chalcophyllite, clinoclase, cornwallite, strashimirite, malachite, cuprite and limonite.
It was named from the Greek μέλι meli "honey", in allusion to its color.
          
It is a rare stone in nature; artificially produced prasiolite is heat treated amethyst.
It is a translucent honey-coloured crystal which can be polished and faceted to form striking gemstones.
It was named for Oscar Schmieder, German geographer.
It occurs in oxidized hydrothermal ore deposits and is associated with crocoite, pyromorphite, mimetite, cerussite, beudantite and duftite at the type locality in Russia.
Bertrandite often occurs as a pseudomorphic replacement of beryl.
In the Hatrurim it occurs with spurrite, larnite, grossite and brownmillerite.
Safflorite is a rare cobalt iron arsenide mineral with formula:As2.
The name is derived from the Greek for pyr and morfe due to its crystallization behavior after being melted.
Mendipite is a rare mineral that was named in 1939 for the locality where it is found, the Mendip Hills in Somerset, England.
Jarosite is a basic hydrous sulfate of potassium and iron with a chemical formula of KFe3+3(OH)6(SO4)2.
        ◻
The Laurentide Ice Sheet eroded omars from the Belcher Islands, an archipelago limited to only about a quarter of 1% of Hudson Bay.
These crystals were in a rock sample they had collected from a small village called Farnese in the Viterbo Province, north of Rome.
Associated minerals include quartz, galena, mimetite, hematite, leadhillite, anglesite, fleischerite, melanotekite and alamosite.
Discovered in 1793 near Rome, it has a yellowish, greenish-brown color.
Psilomelane consists of hydrous manganese oxide with variable amounts of barium and potassium.
It is quite soft, with a Mohs hardness of 2 - 2.5, and has a specific gravity of 2.9 - 3.0.
Synthetic Ca12Al14O33 and Ca12Al14O32(OH)2 are known, they are stabilized by moisture instead of chlorine.
It was first described in 1884 for an occurrence in Fiskernaes in SW Greenland.
In April 2000, rare orange prehnite was discovered in the Kalahari Manganese Fields, South Africa.
It crystallizes in the orthorhombic crystal system.
It has weak dispersion and low surface relief.
The mineral was named after Quinitin Wight of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, who was a significant contributor to mineral studies at Mont Saint-Hilaire.
Tsumebite is a compound phosphate and sulfate of lead and copper, with hydroxyl, formula Pb2Cu(PO4)(SO4)(OH).
Skaergaardite is an intermetallic platinum group mineral with the general chemical formula PdCu.
Thulite is often mottled with white calcite and occurs as veins and fracture fillings transecting many types of rock.
It was discovered by researchers of the Johnson Space Center in Houston while analyzing the Pi Puppid particle shower of the comet 26P/Grigg-Skjellerup.
It has also been described from localities in Germany, Italy, the Pamir Mountains, Tajikistan, near Lake Baikal in Siberia, New York and Newfoundland.
Marthozite is an orthorhombic mineral that has a general formula of Cu(UO2)3(SeO3)3(OH)2·7H2O.
Benitoite is a rare blue barium titanium silicate mineral, found in hydrothermally altered serpentinite.
Calderite is a mineral in the garnet group with the chemical formula3(Fe3+, Al)2(SiO4)3.
It was first described in 1913 for an occurrence in Grotta dell'Allume, Porto Levante, Vulcano Island, Lipari, Aeolian Islands, Sicily.
It was first described from an occurrence at Scawt Hill, Larne, Northern Ireland in 1929 by Cecil Edgar Tilley and named for the location.
It can also be found olive-green, greenish-blue, pink, or brown.
Spodumene is a pyroxene mineral consisting of lithium aluminium inosilicate, LiAl(SiO3)2, and is a source of lithium.
It occurs in association with carminite, scorodite, mimetite, dussertite, arseniosiderite, pharmacosiderite, olivenite, bayldonite, duftite, anglesite, cerussite and azurite.
Variscite is a secondary mineral formed by direct deposition from phosphate-bearing water that has reacted with aluminium-rich rocks in a near-surface environment.
The name is from nacre in reference to the mother of pearl luster of nacrite masses.
Barrerite has a white streak and a density of 2.13.
Minerals such as glaucophane, lawsonite, titanite, and epidote occur with omphacite in blueschist facies metamorphic rocks.
Valleriite is an uncommon sulfide mineral of iron and copper with formula: 4(Fe,Cu)S·3(Mg,Al)(OH)2 or4(Mg,Al)3S4(OH,O)6.
It was named for De Witt Clinton.
There are two known polytypes, veatchite-A and veatchite-p.
Gmelinite-Na is one of the rarer zeolites but the most common member of the gmelinite series, gmelinite-Ca, gmelinite-K and gmelinite-Na.
Its name originated from Greek αλλάκτειν meaning "to change", referring to the strong pleochroism of the mineral.
Norbergite is a nesosilicate mineral with formula Mg3(SiO4)(F,OH)2.
Thaumasite is a silicate mineral with chemical formula Ca3Si(OH)6(CO3)(SO4)·12H2O.
It may be colorless, white, beige, or somewhat green, yellow, or red.
It was discovered originally at Schmiedeberg, Saxony, Germany in 1926 and is named after Friedrich L. W. Kolbeck, a German mineralogist.
Sanbornite is a rare barium phyllosilicate mineral with formula BaSi2O5.
It was named brassite, in 1973, to honor French chemist R`ejane Brasse, who ﬁrst synthesized the compound.
A variety containing 7% of zinc carbonate, replacing lead carbonate, is known as iglesiasite, from Iglesias in Sardinia, where it is found.
Empressite is a mineral form of silver telluride, AgTe.
Specimens with a high uranium content are typically metamict and appear coated with a yellow brown earthy rind.
The shade varies from colorless to white, yellow or rose.
Damigeron wrote about its property to make rain, solar eclipse and its special virtue in divination and preserving health and youth.
Associated mineral species include elbaite, lepidolite, spodumene, columbite-tantalite, wodginite, and microlite.
Seligmanite is a rare mineral, with the chemical formula PbCuAsS3.
Hibonite(Al,Ti,Mg)12O19) is a brownish black mineral with a hardness of 7.5-8.0 and a hexagonal crystal structure.
Important amounts are also produced from mines west of Lake Baikal in Russia, and in the Andes mountains in Chile.
Bassanite is a calcium sulfate mineral with formula CaSO4·0.5(H2O) or 2CaSO4·H2O.
In those circumstances, some impurities may stabilize the vaterite and prevent its transformation into calcite or aragonite.
The mineral was named in 1791 for the locality, Strontian, Argyllshire, Scotland, where the element strontium had been discovered the previous year.
Both quartz and cristobalite are polymorphs with all the members of the quartz group, which also include coesite, tridymite and stishovite.
Its named after its type locality, a shipwreck with tin ingots at Sharm Abhur, a cove near Jiddah, Red Sea.
Niedermayrite was named for Gerhard Niedermayr, an Austrian mineralogist.
Cummingtonite is a metamorphic amphibole with the chemical composition2(Mg,Fe2+)5Si8O22(OH)2, magnesium iron silicate hydroxide.
Carpholite is a manganese silicate mineral with formula Mn2+Al2Si2O6(OH)4.
In addition to mendipite, it occurs with diaboleite, parkinsonite, wulfenite, cerussite and hydrocerussite.
Geigerite is a mineral, a complex hydrous manganese arsenate with formula: Mn5(AsO3OH)2(AsO4)2·10H2O.
Botallackite, chemical formula Cu2(OH)3Cl is a secondary copper mineral, named for its type locality at the Botallack mine, St Just in Penwith, Cornwall.
Sal ammoniac is also the archaic name for the chemical compound ammonium chloride.
The name hexamolybdenum refers to the crystal symmetry and the molybdenum rich composition.
Matlockite is a rare lead halide mineral, named after the town of Matlock in Derbyshire, England, where it was first discovered in a nearby mine.
It consists of a natural mixture with huntite.
Allanite is a sorosilicate group of minerals within the broader epidote group that contain a significant amount of rare earth elements.
Shandite is an anisotropic mineral, which means it has different properties when being viewed from different directions.
Sylvite is colorless to white with shades of yellow and red due to inclusions.
Eveslogite48[(Ti,Nb,Fe,Mn)12(OH)12Si48O144](F,OH,Cl)14) is a complex inosilicate mineral found on Mt.
Other elements also substitute in the structure, most notably iron and zinc, along with less common silver, mercury and lead.
The atomic arrangement of the spinel group is a commonly studied structure and characteristically has four closely packed oxygen atoms.
It was named by Konstantin Avtonomovich Nenadkevich, in 1912, after its type locality, Tyuya-Muyun, Fergana Valley, Kyrgyzstan.
The Mohs scale of mineral hardness, based on scratch hardness comparison, defines value 3 as "calcite".
Aragonite will change to calcite at 380–470 °C, and vaterite is even less stable.
When cut it resembles certain kinds of beryl and topaz, from which it may be distinguished by its specific gravity.
It occurs in high-grade metamorphosed iron rich argillaceous sediments as well as in mafic and ultramafic igneous rocks.
Illite is a secondary mineral precipitate phyllosilicate or layered alumino-silicate.
Though relatively unfamiliar to the general public, apophyllites are fairly prevalent around the world, with specimens coming from some of the world's most well-known mineral localities.
There is a solid solution between nosean and hauyne, which contains calcium.
It occurs in boron-rich volcanic and sedimentary rocks which have undergone high grade metamorphism.
Though rare, it occurs in many parts of the world.
Amazonite is a mineral of limited occurrence.
Gibbsite and bayerite are monoclinic, whereas doyleite and nordstrandite are triclinic forms.
It is a rare, grey, orthorhombic mineral with which can form compact masses, rarely as bipyrimidal crystals.
Liddiocoatite is currently a non-approved mineral name, but Aurisicchio et al.
It is a valuable iron mineral, since it is 48% iron and contains no sulfur or phosphorus.
However, Balangeroite does not lead to serious health problems caused by asbestos fibers.
Its density, cleavage and flame test for lithium are diagnostic.
They have also been crushed and used in cosmetics, medicines and paint formulations.
Selenite, satin spar, desert rose, and gypsum flower are four varieties of the mineral gypsum; all four varieties show obvious crystalline structure.
Dickite4) is a phyllosilicate clay mineral named after the metallurgical chemist Allan Brugh Dick, who first described it.
Boltwoodite is a hydrated potassium uranyl silicate mineral with formula HK(UO2)(SiO4)·1.5(H2O).
It is a product of contact metamorphism of siliceous limestones and dolostones, and rocks of sanidinite facies.
Its specific gravity is 2 to 2.1 and its Mohs hardness is 2.
It is also found more in posterior as opposed to anterior regions of the oral cavity.
Åkermanite ranks a 5 or 6 on the Mohs scale of mineral hardness, and can be found gray, green, brown, or colorless.
All the other rare earth elements are present in subordinate amount, and tantalum substitutes for some of the niobium.
Rock formed almost entirely of calcic plagioclase feldspar is known as anorthosite.
It is a soft mineral with a Mohs hardness of 2-3.
Soapstone is a metamorphic rock composed predominantly of talc.
Under the petrographic microscope it has a very high relief.
Rheniite is the first mineral of the element rhenium to be found.
Rhodonite has also been worked as an ornamental stone.
It has a Mohs hardness of 7 to 7.5 and a specific gravity of 3.0.
Discovered in 1967 in Malheur County, Oregon, cavansite is a relatively rare mineral.
It is an inosilicate and has a formula of2Si2O6.
Which of these prevails to give the perceived hue depends on the spectral balance of the illumination.
Coloradoite is a member of the coordination subclass of tellurides is a covalent compound that is isostructural with sphalerite.
Acanthite is the only stable form in normal air temperature.
It crystallizes in the triclinic crystal system.
Associated minerals include cliftonite, chromian diopside, troilite at Toluca; daubreelite, krinovite, roedderite, high albite, richterite, chromite; and jadeite, chromite and chlorite.
Together with tranquillityite and pyroxferroite, it is one of three new minerals that were discovered on the Moon.
The synthesis requires low pressures, high temperatures and rapid quenching from about 1,000 °C to the ambient temperature.
Samuelsonite is named after Peter B. Samuelson, a prospector from Rumney, New Hampshire.
Demesmaekerite is an uranium mineral with the chemical formula: Pb2Cu5(UO2)2(SeO3)6(OH)6•2H2O.
The otherwise unstable polymorph was produced and stabilized within a cyanobacteria dominated layer.
The formation of these minerals may impact the long-term performance of deep geological repository sites such as Yucca Mountain nuclear waste repository.
A pearl is a hard object produced within the soft tissue of a living shelled mollusk or another animal, such as a conulariid.
It is found in Sweden and New Jersey, US.
Roscoelite is a green mineral from the mica group that contains vanadium.
Nontronites typically have a chemical composition consisting of more than ~30% Fe2O3 and less than ~12% Al2O3.
Lipscombite(Fe3+)2(PO4)2(OH)2 is a green gray, olive green, or black.
Tridymite is a high-temperature polymorph of silica and usually occurs as minute tabular white or colorless pseudo-hexagonal crystals, or scales, in cavities in felsic volcanic rocks.
Chemically, it is hydrated sodium calcium aluminium magnesium silicate hydroxide0.33(Al,Mg)2(Si4O10)(OH)2·nH2O.
                    8
Troilite is a rare iron sulfide mineral with the simple formula of FeS.
YIG is used in microwave, acoustic, optical, and magneto-optical applications, e.g.
Glauconite is an iron potassium phyllosilicate mineral of characteristic green color with very low weathering resistance and very friable.
Muscovite has a Mohs hardness of 2–2.25 parallel to the [001] face, 4 perpendicular to the [001] and a specific gravity of 2.76–3.
Ilvaite is a sorosilicate of iron and calcium with formula: CaFe2+2Fe3+Si2O7O(OH).
Ameghinite, Na[H4B3O7] or NaB3O3(OH)4, is a mineral found in Argentina.
Shandite is a sulfide mineral with chemical formula: Ni3Pb2S2.
Berlinite can vary from colorless to greyish or pale pink and has translucent crystals.
It is formed by a phase transformation from forsterite under increasing pressure and eventually transforms into spinel-structured ringwoodite as pressure increases further.
It forms a solid solution series with scheelite.
The chlorites are a group of phyllosilicate minerals.
Wurtzite is a zinc iron sulfide mineralS) a less frequently encountered mineral form of sphalerite.
Dickite is biaxial, its birefringence is between 0.0050-0.0090, its surface relief is low and it has no dispersion.
It is brittle with a Mohs hardness of 5 and a specific gravity of 5.95.
It was first discovered in 2015 by Adolf Peretti of the Gemresearch Swisslab.
          
It is named after Avicenna, a Persian doctor and polymath.
Uvite has no use, but is commonly found in mineral specimen collections.
Too much fluoride results in dental fluorosis and/or skeletal fluorosis.
          
The crystals are steel-grey to off-white with a metallic luster.
Edenite is a double chain silicate mineral of the amphibole group with the general chemical composition NaCa2Mg5(Si7Al)O22(OH)2.
Amethyst is a semiprecious stone and is the traditional birthstone for February.
It undergoes a non-reversible alteration to metakernite when heated to above 100 °C.
These desirable properties made asbestos very widely used.
Dicalcium silicate is chemically, β–Ca2SiO4, sometimes represented by the formula 2CaO·SiO2.
It is restricted to quartz-free, alumina rich mineral assemblages and has been found in South African deposits in the Postmasburg district as well as Ephesus, Turkey.
It was first recognized as a distinct species by W. von Haidinger in 1825, and named for Matthias Joseph Anker of Styria, an Austrian mineralogist.
Lawsonite is a hydrous calcium aluminium sorosilicate mineral with formula CaAl2Si2O7(OH)2·H2O.
The other type locality is the Huerta del Vinagre mine, Spain.
Pyrolusite is a mineral consisting essentially of manganese dioxide and is important as an ore of manganese.
A single refractive index is given when two rays of light vibrate in the mineral's circular section and move along the optic axes.
It is found in veins at Allemont, Isère, France; Valtellina, Italy; and the Comstock Lode, Nevada; and in a lithium pegmatites at Varuträsk, Sweden.
It usually forms tetragonal-shaped crystals and it has a hardness of 3 mohs.
It is a secondary mineral which contains magnesium, uranium and carbon.
It occurs in volcanic caves on Mt.
It also occurs in slags and cement.
The stone was renowned for bringing its owners luck.
The name is from the German, Kobold, "underground spirit" in allusion to the "refusal" of cobaltiferous ores to smelt as they are expected to.
This material is toxic and inhaling the fibers can lead to asbestosis, lung cancer and both pleural and peritoneal mesothelioma.
It has a vitreous luster and a white streak.
Wolframite is found in quartz veins and pegmatites associated with granitic intrusives.
It occurs as an oxidation product of primary lead sulfide ore, galena.
A transparent gem quality example was found in 2004, and reported in "The Journal of Gemmology", 2008 Volume 31.
At the type locality it occurs with wollastonite, spurrite, perovskite, merwinite, melilite and gehlenite.
The jewel was donated to the Smithsonian Institution by Jane Mitchell and Jeffery Bland.
The paulingite structure can be observed while the remaining water content decomposes.
Cummingtonite shares few compositional similarities with alkali amphiboles such as arfvedsonite, glaucophane-riebeckite.
An important determinative character of nepheline is the ease with which it is decomposed by hydrochloric acid, with separation of gelatinous silica and cubes of salt.
          
The mineral was named for George E. Ericksen who was a research economic geologist with the U.S. Geological Survey for fifty years.
It is chemically similar to columbite, and the two are often grouped together as a semi-singular mineral called coltan or "columbite-tantalite" in many mineral guides.
The white, finely granular masses closely resemble finely granular limestone, dolomite, anhydrite, and magnesite in appearance.
Small grains of magnetite occur in almost all igneous and metamorphic rocks.
Hutchinsonite is a sulfosalt mineral of thallium, arsenic and lead with formula2As5S9.
It occurs as inclusions within halite in lithium rich evaporites and as solid phase in fluid inclusions in the mineral spodumene.
It is named after Emmanuel G. Zies, an American geochemist who studied Izalco in the 1930s.
It is a secondary mineral formed by the weathering of other tungsten containing minerals.
It crystallizes in the monoclinic crystal system and is colorless to white with a vitreous luster.
In octahedrites a fine intermixture with kamacite can occur, which is called plessite.
The members of the series are phillipsite-K, phillipsite-Na and phillipsite-Ca.
It is also found associated with skarn and serpentinite.
It has the same crystal structure as quartz with a low temperature polytype isostructural with α–quartz and a high temperature polytype isostructural with β–quartz.
It is named after the mineralogist Herbert Smith and was first found in 1972 in Chile.
It is emerald green to black in color with a vitreous to greasy luster.
It has a Mohs hardness of 2.5 to 3 and a specific gravity of 5.6.
It is a product of intense oxidation of ore deposits.
Associated minerals include hydrobasaluminite, hydroargillite, meta-aluminite, allophane, gibbsite, gypsum and aragonite.
It is the phosphate analogue of the arsenate pharmacolite and the sulfate gypsum.
It is one of the hardest naturally occurring minerals and is the hardest of any silicate mineral.
As such, it is the only gemstone to have been initially identified from a faceted stone.
It was named for Italian anatomist Paolo Mascagni who first described the mineral.
It is an opaque, soft, bronze-yellow to brown mineral which occurs as nodules or encrustations.
It is a silvery white to steel grey opaque mineral crystallizing in the hexagonal crystal system.
2H occurs in carbonatite at Jacupiranga, São Paulo, Brazil, in the Jacupiranga mine and 3T occurs with minerals like gonnardite and donnayite.
It is a phosphate mineral which contains barium and is a green to yellow colour.
Wadsleyite is a high-pressure phase of polymorphous Mg2SiO4.
It is a sulfide with an orthorhombic crystal system.
Some tin and tungsten may be present in the mineral.
Twinning is common and star shaped twins are frequently found.
It forms botryoidal to mammillary clay-like masses.
It also contains sodium and chlorine and has the formula Na4AlBeSi4O12Cl.
Its appearance has been compared to cauliflower.
The reaction is predominantly electrostatic; hence an ionic bonding model is appropriate.
It occurs as a rare mineral in high-temperature hydrothermal or metasomatic deposits.
It also occurs in dry caves and old mine workings as an efflorescence and as a crusty sublimate deposit around fumaroles.
It has a Mohs hardness of about 3.
It was first described in 1941 for an occurrence in mine dumps of the Victoria Segunda mine Cerros Pintados, Iquique province, Tarapacá Region, Chile.
Consequently, it has been suggested that "stacking disordered diamond" is the most accurate structural description of lonsdaleite.
However, the material at the Idrija location may not be siderotil, but the mineral has been authenticated from a wide variety of worldwide locations.
Due to variable substitution of the copper by iron and zinc the formula is Cu6[Cu4(Fe,Zn)2]As4S13.
Associated minerals include prehnite, danburite, babingtonite, epidote, native copper, calcite, quartz and zeolites.
It forma a solid solution series with the iron(II)-iron(III) borate mineral vonsenite.
In terms of its optical properties, sweetite has two indices of refraction, 1.635 along the ordinary ray and 1.628 along the extraordinary ray.
It is a metallic dark black with a Mohs hardness of 6.0 - 6.5.
It also occurs less commonly in syenites.
It has been found in Australia, Brazil, Portugal, Spain, Ukraine, and the United States.
Uvite's hardness has been measured to be 7.5 on the Mohs hardness scale.
Cymrite, being monoclinic is anisotropic with two optic axes.
Fülöppite is a rare member of the plagionite group, comprising heteromorphite Pb7Sb8S19, plagionite Pb5Sb8S17 and semseyite Pb9Sb8S21.
Babingtonite is a calcium iron manganese inosilicate mineral with the formula Ca2(Fe,Mn)FeSi5O14(OH).
It, with beryl, are ores of beryllium.
Brewsterite is the name of a series of tectosilicate minerals of the zeolite group.
It is found principally in California and Nevada, US; Tarapacá Region in Chile, and Kazakhstan.
It was first described in 1876 for an occurrence in the Chester Emery Mines, Chester, Hampden County, Massachusetts.
It was first discovered in 1801 on Mt Somma, Vesuvius, Italy.
It forms reddish brown to black monoclinic prismatic submetallic crystals.
It was discovered in Germany and described in 1890.
Nadorite is a mineral with the chemical formula PbSbO2Cl.
Together with armalcolite and tranquillityite, it is one of the three minerals which were discovered on the Moon.
It was discovered in 1963 in the Centennial mine, Calumet, Houghton County, Michigan, United States.
This behavior means that the devices manufactured with a certain degree of rotation at one wavelength, will produce much less rotation at longer wavelengths.
Up to 50% by volume and 70% by weight of human bone is a modified form of hydroxylapatite, known as bone mineral.
Aegirine occurs as dark green monoclinic prismatic crystals.
The color of a ruby is due to the element chromium.
Those in alluvium are generally found in southern Madagascar or in the Maevatanana region.
Gersdorffite has three crystallisation forms: Gersdorffite-P213, Gersdorffite-Pa32) and Gersdorffite-Pca21.
Bursaite is named after Bursa Province, Turkey, where it was discovered.
Cadwaladerite is a rare aluminium halide mineral with formula: AlOHCl2·4(H2O).
A solid solution series exists with the high cobalt willyamite.
The Mohs hardness is 4.5, and the specific gravity is 2.2.
It is polymorphic with the even rarer mineral, pentagonite.
This quality is called pleochroism and zorite is rose along the x-axis, colorless along the y-axis, and bluish along the z-axis.
Naturally occurring apatites can, however, also have brown, yellow, or green colorations, comparable to the discolorations of dental fluorosis.
It forms two limited solid solution series, with substitution of manganese leading to rhodochrosite, and with iron, leading to siderite.
It has been given the International Mineralogical Association number of IMA 2007-045.
Concern of asbestos-related illness in modern times began in the 20th century and escalated during the 1920s and 1930s.
First discovered in 1987, it was identified as a new mineral species in 1992 and named for Bryan M. K. C. Gatehouse.
It is often associated with howardevansite and thenardite.
In terms of its optical properties, Perite is anisotropic which means the velocity of light varies depending on direction through the mineral.
It is a lead, iron, arsenate, sulfate with endmember formula: PbFe3(OH)6SO4AsO4.
A discredited rhenium sulfide known as zappinite does not appear to be valid.
Hellyerite, NiCO3·6(H2O), is an hydrated nickel carbonate mineral.
It is a member of the adelite-descloizite Group, Conichalcite-Duftite Series.
It occurs in soils formed from volcanic ash and was first described in 1962 for an occurrence in Uemura, Kumamoto prefecture, Kyushu Region, Japan.
Thortveitite is a mineral consisting of scandium yttrium silicate2Si2O7.
Rakovanite, Na3{H3[V10O28]}•15H20, is a member of the pascoite family.
It was first described in 1845 for an occurrence in Schwaz, Tyrol, Austria.
Gonnardite was named in 1896 after Ferdinand Pierre Joseph Gonnard, who was Professor of Mining Engineering at the University of Lyon, France.
                  
Antlerite forms mainly in sheltered areas where weathering is low, which permits accumulation of copper ions and enhancement in the acidity of water films.
Metacinnabar is the cubic form of mercury sulfide.
Kostovite is a rare orthorhombic-pyramidal gray white telluride mineral containing copper and gold with chemical formula AuCuTe4.
The name is from the French celadon, for sea-green.
It was named for Italian mineralogist Federico Millosevich of the University of Rome.
It is transparent with vitreous luster and uneven fracture.
It was first discovered in the Santa Cruz mine, Oruro Department, Bolivia in 1893.
It is from Llanada copper mine, near Llanada, San Benito Co., California.
Zanazziite is named after Pier F. Zanazzi.
Despite the very rare occurrence as a volcanic sublimate, the initial description was at Mount Vesuvius by Nicola Covelli.
The birefringence means the decomposition of light into two rays when passing through a mineral.
Matlockite gives its name to the matlockite group which consists of rare minerals of a similar structure.
            
The mineral contains 89.7% manganese sesquioxide; it dissolves in hydrochloric acid with evolution of chlorine.
Freieslebenite was discovered in approximately 1773 in the Himmelsfurst mines of Freiberg, Saxony, Germany.
Divalent iron and/or manganese may commonly accompany zinc and trivalent manganese may substitute for some ferric iron.
Ajoite is used as a minor ore of copper.
Optical conductivity observations suggest the magnetic state in herbertsmithite is a type of emergent gauge field of a gapless U(1) Dirac spin liquid.
This transition is variously called the low-high or 
Vishnevite, or sulfatic cancrinite, is a mineral of the cancrinite group with the chemical formula6(Si, Al)12O24[(SO4),(CO3), Cl2]2-4·nH2O.
Thomsonite occurs with other zeolites in the amygdaloidal cavities of basaltic volcanic rocks, and occasionally in granitic pegmatites.
Analysis of one of the samples containing khatyrkite showed that the small rock was from a meteorite.
It has a mild bacteriostatic property as well which helps in decreasing the proliferation of Streptococcus mutans, the predominant bacteria related to dental caries.
According to Ullmann's Encyclopedia of Industrial Chemistry, it is one of the six most abundant zeolites and is used commercially.
It is in the orthorhombic crystal system, with three directions of perfect cleavage parallel to the three planes of symmetry.
Although rare, it is mined as a significant source of the strategically important metal cobalt.
The index of refraction is the velocity of light in a vacuum divided by the velocity of light in medium.
This mineral is dull and soft, and is colored white, yellowish, grey, reddish, or blue to violet.
Tapiolite [(Fe, Mn)(Nb, Ta)2O6] is a black mineral series that is an ore of niobium and tantalum.
This mineral ranks a 5 on Mohs Scale of Hardness, though it is considered brittle, exhibiting conchoidal fracture when broken.
A subsequent nomenclature change approved by the International Mineralogical Association in 2013 renamed the minerals to include both suffixes and prefixes, as shown above.
It crystallizes in the orthorhombic system and typically occurs as earthy to fibrous masses.
The finest quality natural pearls have been highly valued as gemstones and objects of beauty for many centuries.
A second occurrence is reported from the Sainte-Marie-aux-Mines silver mining district of Vosges Mountains, France.
Western Canada is the principal source of modern lapidary nephrite.
It was discovered in 1958 and named for the type locality, Hsiang Hua, 香花, meaning fragrant flower.
It is a very rare organic mineral which occurs in coal fire environments in association with sal ammoniac and native sulfur.
Illite is a non-expanding clay crystalline mineral.
Parisite is mostly parisite-(Ce), but when neodymium is present in the structure the mineral becomes parisite-(Nd).
It was discovered in samples taken from the Suizhou meteorite which fell in 1986 in the Zengdu District of China.
As a gemstone, elbaite is a desirable member of the tourmaline group because of the variety and depth of its colours and quality of the crystals.
Janggunite is a rare manganese oxide mineral with formula Mn5−x(Mn,Fe)1+xO8(OH)6.
It is formed from the oxidation of copper sulfides, and was first described in specimens from Cornwall, England.
Fine-quality alexandrite has a green to bluish-green color in daylight, changing to a red to purplish-red color in incandescent light.
Wardite is of interest for its rare crystallography.
It is usually defined as having "%An" between 70 and 90.
A similar mineral, sinjarite the dihydrate of calcium chloride, crystallizes in the tetragonal system.
Augite has two prominent cleavages, meeting at angles near 90 degrees.
It forms a series with the phosphate mineral vauquelinite.
The refractive index ranges from 1.559 to 1.573.
The mineral often has a metallic luster, and its color may range from a silvery white to a brassy yellow.
It is a colorless to white mineral crystallizing in the monoclinic crystal system typically occurring as prismatic to acicular crystals or granular masses.
It has a specific gravity of 3.36.
Hardystonite has a chemical composition of Ca2ZnSi2O7.
Magnesiohastingsite is a calcium-containing amphibole and a member of the hornblende group.
This became the highly profitable "English Mine", which flourished from 1899 until the 1920s.
Chambersite occurs associated with the evaporite minerals halite, anhydrite, and gypsum.
Dumortierite quartz is blue colored quartz containing abundant dumortierite inclusions.
It has a Mohs hardness of 2.3 and a specific gravity of 6.27.
The name is a reference to mimetite's resemblance to the mineral pyromorphite.
Duftite and conichalcite specimens from Tsumeb are commonly zoned in color and composition.
Since its discovery and naming, the chemical formula for partheite has been revised from CaAl2Si2O8•2H2O to include not only water but hydroxyl groups as well.
Appleman from pegmatite collected from Bell Pit, Newry, Maine.
It occurs as a major constituent of some jadeitites and as an accessory mineral of some iron meteorites.
The new mineral was found along with allendeite.
When dissolved in nitric acid, it releases elemental sulfur.
It is known to be found in the U.S. states of Texas and Nevada, and the Mexican states of Guerrero and Querétaro.
Mohs scale of mineral hardness, based on scratch Hardness comparison, defines value 4 as Fluorite.
But some amethyst will turn green when treated.
Unlike most localities throughout the world, the occurrence of datolite in the Lake Superior region is usually fine grained in texture and possesses colored banding.
Arthurite is a mineral composed of divalent copper and iron ions in combination with trivalent arsenate, phosphate and sulfate ions with hydrogen and oxygen.
It occurs at the Kipushi Mine, Democratic Republic of the Congo; and Namibia, among other places.
A solid solution series exists between all members of this group with divalent cations readily exchanged within the common crystal structure.
It is named after the mining engineers, Carl and Ernest Francke.
It has also been reported from Mont Saint-Hilaire, Quebec, Canada and from Mineville, Essex County, New York.
It was first described in 1935 from alluvium near bismuth-bearing pegmatites in South Africa.
The name chrysoberyl is derived from the Greek words χρυσός chrysos and βήρυλλος beryllos, meaning "a gold-white spar".
Arquerite has been reported from only four localities worldwide, two are in Chile and the other two are in British Columbia, Canada.
              
Krutovite is composed of nickel and arsenic with trace to minor amounts of cobalt, iron, copper, sulfur, and antimony.
The high form can be produced from the low form by heating above c. 750 °C.
It is found in skarns developed in metamorphosed boron-rich magnesium rocks, contact metamorphosed marble, and in contact metasomatic magnetite deposits.
Although agates may be found in various kinds of rock, they are classically associated with volcanic rocks and can be common in certain metamorphic rocks.
It can be found alongside other very rare selenium-bearing uranium ores, such as haynesite, guilleminite, marthozite and piretite.
Uranyl minerals are a large constituent of uranium deposits.
Osumilite a very rare potassium-sodium-iron-magnesium-aluminium silicate mineral.
Astrophyllite is usually opaque to translucent, but may be transparent in thin specimens.
Its Mohs hardness is 2.5, with an average specific gravity of 2.8.
It occurs in marine evaporite deposits and as efflorescence associated with mineral springs.
Zunyite is a sorosilicate mineral, Al13Si5O20(OH,F)18Cl, composed of aluminium, silicon, hydrogen, chlorine, oxygen, and fluorine.
Crossite is an inosilicate double chain sodic amphibole and is a rare silicate mineral belonging to the riebeckite group.
Its name derives from the fact that its elemental composition is identical to realgar, As4S4.
Lanthanites include La, Ce, and Nd as major elements and often contain subordinate amounts of other REEs including praseodymium, samarium, europium and dysprosium.
Its crystals are soft hexagonal, that can vary in color.
In nature it usually forms a solid solution with wüstite and is then referred to as ferropericlase or magnesiowüstite.
It was first described in 1828 for an occurrence in Riddarhyttan, Vastmanland, Sweden.
It is sometimes used in jewellery where it is fashioned into cabochons.
Devilline is prismatic and belongs to the crystal class 2/m.
It is a dimorph of sarkinite and is isostructural with adamite.
          
At yet lower temperatures, microcline, a triclinic polymorph of potassium feldspar, is stable.
              
The resultant, mixed composition garnets are defined according to their pyrope-almandine ratio.
It is estimated that at least 28 million carats of Yogos are still in the ground.
It forms slender orthorhombic prisms as well as massive aggregates.
Wodginite is a manganese, tin, tantalum oxide mineral with formula Mn2+(Sn,Ta)Ta2O8.
It was first described in 1974 for occurrences in the McDermitt Mercury mine in Humboldt County, Nevada.
Glassy nepheline has the form of small, colorless, transparent crystals and grains with a vitreous luster.
This sulfate mineral is formed in ore deposits by the oxidation of iron sulfides.
It is the naturally occurring form of calcium hydroxide2) and the calcium analogue of brucite2).
Murdochite is a mineral combining lead and copper oxides with formula PbCu6O8−x(Cl,Br)2x(x ≤ 0.5).
Orthorhombic ferroselite and its isometric polymorph dzharkenite are iron selenides of general formula FeSe2 precipitated under reducing conditions in anoxic environments.
Its name comes from the Arabic rahj al-ġār, via Catalan and Medieval Latin, and its earliest record in English is in the 1390s.
This is a Faraday rotator material with excellent transparency properties and is very resistant to laser damage.
Because of its anhydrous nature, gregoryite reacts quickly with the environment, causing the dark lava to be converted to white substance within hours.
It is trimorphous with alacranite and pararealgar.
This anhydrous sulfate occurs as constituent in sulfate crusts of burning coal dumps.
It can also form large prismatic crystals similar to stibnite with which it can be associated.
Since its discovery, dimorphite has been found in the Alacrán silver mine near Copiapó, Chile.
It occurs associated with tremolite, quartz, epidote, monazite, native copper, cuprite and paratacamite in the Centennial mine area.
Fingerite is a copper vanadate mineral with formula: β-Cu2V2O5.
It has therefore been suggested that the orthosilicate formula,AlSiO4, represents the true composition of nepheline.
          3
Although both variants are triclinic, they differ in the volume of their unit cell, which is slightly larger for the high form.
Well-formed crystals are sought by collectors and are occasionally fashioned into gemstones when suitably free of flaws.
The hardness is 4 and the specific gravity is between 2.6 and 2.8.
Pink colored corundum may be either classified as ruby or sapphire depending on locale.
Manganese, cobalt, and nickel also substitute in the structure.
Bityite is considered a rare mineral, and it is an endmember to the margarite mica sub-group found within the phyllosilicate group.
The mineral was named after the land owner Lord Greenock.
In the Alban Hills of Italy it is found in volcanic ejecta.
It occurs as black incrustations, dark to pale-brown in thin section.
      
Curite is a lead uranium oxide mineral with formula: Pb3(UO2)8O8(OH)6·3(H2O).
It is still used in organic farming in the US, but prohibited in international organic agriculture.
The jewellery sense for the word pre-dates this 1845 scientific redefinition.
Analysis of thermal emission spectra from the surface of Mars suggests that plagioclase is the most abundant mineral in the crust of Mars.
It occurs as an alteration product of triphylite in pegmatites.
The type locality is Sangerhausen, Thuringia, Germany, in copper slate deposits.
It is primarily found in Mount Karnasurta, Lovozero Massif, Kola Peninsula, Russia.
Zorite is anisotropic, which means that the velocity of light is not the same in all directions.
It is quite soft with a Mohs hardness of 1.5, and a specific gravity of 3.49 - 3.82.
It has a Mohs hardness of 3 and a specific gravity of 3.05.
Vivianite crystals are often found inside fossil shells, such as those of bivalves and gastropods, or attached to fossil bone.
Potassium or sodium may substitute for the calcium but only in very small amounts.
It occurs associated with turquoise, chalcosiderite, cyrilovite, torbernite, libethenite, sampleite, saleeite and fluorapatite.
The finest phosphophyllite crystals come from Potosí, Bolivia, but it is no longer mined there.
It also finds use in jewelry as a diamond simulant.
The old term for the mineral is magnesia.
The name comes from the Latin "stercus", meaning dung, since the mineral was originally discovered among guano.
It is colorless and transparent with a density of three.
Aegirine has the chemical formula NaFeSi2O6 in which the iron is present as Fe3+.
Twinning according to several laws is not uncommon.
and in high pressure metamorphic rocks along the Kotaki River area of Honshu Island, Japan.
Searlesite is a sodium borosilicate mineral, with the chemical formula NaBSi2O5(OH)2.
Alternating layers are sometimes found, as at Providence Canyon State Park in Georgia, United States.
In contrast, an isotropic crystal includes all isometric crystals, and the velocity of light is equal in all directions.
The name was coined in 1861 and is derived from the Greek root καμακ- "kamak" or κάμαξ "kamaks", meaning vine-pole.
Despite being less common than most garnets, it is a widely used gemstone with numerous alternative names, some of which are misnomers.
It is a clear transparent mineral and has a hexagonal crystal system with crystal class of 6/m and space group of P63/m.
Dimorphous with pyrargyrite and proustite respectively are the rare monoclinic species pyrostilpnite or fireblende and xanthoconite: these four minerals thus form an isodimorphous group.
Dickite appears in locations with similar qualities and is well spread among countries like China, Jamaica, France, Germany, UK, US, Italy, Belgium and Canada.
Eveite is anisotropic, which means that its physical and optical properties differ with respect to direction.
It is characteristic of the later volcanic rocks rich in alkalis, such as phonolite, nepheline-basalt, leucite basalt, etc., and also of certain dike-rocks, such as tinguaite.
Microprobe analyses and X-ray powder-diffraction studies indicate extensive substitution of Zn for Cu, and Ca for Pb in the duftite structure.
It was discovered by James Dwight Dana in 1888, and named beryllonite for its beryllium content.
It also forms druzy encrustations and reniform masses.
Exsolution of an albite phase does occur; resulting cryptoperthite can best be observed in electron microprobe images.
It is an accessory mineral in some tantalum-rich granite pegmatites.
It was first described in 1980 for an occurrence in the Francon quarry, Montreal Island.
Like aragonite it is very frequently twinned, the compound crystals being pseudo-hexagonal in form.
It is named after Germain Henri Hess.
It was first described for an occurrence in the Himmelsfürst Mine, Erzgebirge, Freiberg, Saxony, Germany.
Gypsum is a soft sulfate mineral composed of calcium sulfate dihydrate, with the chemical formula CaSO4·2H2O.
Jimthompsonite is a magnesium iron silicate mineral with formula:5Si6O16(OH)2.
The gemstone was given the name 'tanzanite' by Tiffany & Co. after Tanzania, the country in which it was discovered.
It is precipitated by microbes in the highly-alkaline environment of Mono Lake.
Optically, grandreefite is an anisotropic mineral, meaning the velocity of light varies depending on the direction through which it is passing through the mineral.
Magnesioferrite is a magnesium iron oxide mineral, a member of the magnetite series of spinels.
Due to its ready solubility, chalcanthite is more common in arid regions.
Relief is a measure of the difference between the index of refraction of the mineral and that of the medium.
Grandreefite was originally classified as an orthorhombic mineral but was determined monoclinic instead upon further analysis.
It is often found on the walls of mines and quarries as a secondary mineral.
It has a specific gravity of 6.45 and a Mohs hardness of 5.5.
It is colorless in plane polarized light, and it is weakly pleochroic.
It was first described in 1820 by August Breithaupt, who called it Scheelbleispath and then by François Sulpice Beudant in 1832, who called it scheelitine.
Discovered in 1964 and described in 2001, it is named after Anthony R. Kampf.
Its relief is low, and it is birefringent.
It was first described in 1951 from a museum specimen from Sacarimb, Romania.
The sample in which the new mineral was discovered had high platinum group elements with palladium enrichment.
Pecoraite is a nickel silicate mineral and a member of the serpentine group.
It is trimorphous with matraite and sphalerite.
It was first described in 1944 for an occurrence in the Benallt Mine, Rhiw, Llanfaelrhys, Lleyn Peninsula, Gwynedd, Wales.
The name is given after a curator of mineral department of The British Museum, Jessie May Sweet.
At one time “brickerite” was thought to be a different species, but it is now considered to be identical to austinite.
    {\displaystyle {\ce {(Na,K)Cu7AlSi9O24(OH)6.3H2O}}}
It was first identified in 1825 in the tin and copper mines of Devon and Cornwall, England.
Structurally it also belongs to the Akatoreite group.
It is fusible at 3.5 and soluble in HCl.
Paulscherrerite, UO2(OH)2, is a newly named mineral of the schoepite subgroup of hexavalent uranium hydrate/hydroxides.
microwave YIG filters, or acoustic transmitters and transducers.
            
It has been reported as a significant component of the decomposition of ikaite in the towers of the Ikka Fjord, West Greenland.
Blödite or bloedite is a hydrated sodium magnesium sulfate mineral with formula: Na2Mg(SO4)2·4H2O.
Hedenbergite, CaFeSi2O6, is the iron rich end member of the pyroxene group having a monoclinic crystal system.
It is also used as fertiliser and sold as a deodorizer in the form of pebble-sized chunks contained in a mesh bag.
Alunite occurs as a secondary mineral on iron sulfate ores.
The mineral is named for mineral chemist Jun Ito.
Talmessite is a hydrated calcium magnesium arsenate, often with significant amounts of cobalt or nickel.
Anapaite is a calcium–iron phosphate mineral with formula: Ca2Fe2+(PO4)2·4H2O.
It occurs associated with halite, polyhalite, anhydrite, gypsum, thenardite, mirabilite, sassolite and blodite.
Magnesiopascoite is a bright orange mineral with formula Ca2Mg(V10O28)·16H2O.
In addition to the Chinese occurrence it has been reported from the Getchell Mine in the Potosi District in Humboldt County, Nevada.
Kyanite in metamorphic rocks generally indicates pressures higher than four kilobars.
With the ideal chemical formula, CaREE3+Mg2AlSi3O11,(OH)F, dollaseite-(Ce) can be partially identified by its rare content of the REE Ce.
Cornubite is a rare secondary copper arsenate mineral with formula: Cu5(AsO4)2(OH)4.
Hibonite also is a common mineral in the Ca-Al-rich inclusions found in some chondritic meteorites.
The zinc to copper ratio is about 5:4.
It is of rather common occurrence in oxidized manganese deposits where it occurs as replacements and open space fillings in veins and vugs.
The exact location has been lost, but was described as "San Juan, near Mendoza", and it is the latter city that give the mineral its name.
          
The mineral is named for Motukorea, the island in New Zealand where it was discovered.
The current name was given by K.C.
Stishovite can be separated from quartz by applying hydrogen fluoride; unlike quartz, stishovite will not react.
It was named in 1925 by Aleksandr Evgenievich Fersman for its discovery locality in the Tange Gorge, Ferghana Valley, Alai Mountains, Kyrgyzstan.
It was first described in 1815 in the Münchberg Metamorphic complex, Franconia, Bavaria, Germany.
It forms yellow to yellowish brown monoclinic crystals.
           
Trivalent iron may also substitute for the aluminium.
The name Malaia is translated from Swahili to mean, "one without a family".
Similar iron carbides occur also in technical iron alloys and are called cementite.
There are contact twins with composition surface {001} and twin axis {310}.
Augite is a common rock-forming pyroxene mineral with formula(Mg,Fe,Al,Ti)(Si,Al)2O6.
It was discovered by Bulgarian mineralogist Georgi Terziev, who named it in honor of his professor Ivan Kostov.
Minyulite is a rare phosphate mineral with a chemical formula of KAl2(OH,F)(PO4)2·4(H2O).
The type locality is Taylor Pit, Huntingdon Township, Madoc Area, Hastings Co., Ontario, Canada.
It occurs in association with trona, thermonatrite, thenardite, halite, gaylussite, burkeite, northupite and borax.
It is named after the Akagane mine in Iwate, Japan, in which it was discovered.
Its specific gravity is 3.2 and it has a Mohs hardness of 4.5 to 5.
It is distinguished from other garnets in having Si in octahedral as well as tetrahedral coordination.
It is commonly found as translucent small rhombohedral crystals that have angles close to 90 degrees although its crystal system is nominally trigonal.
Psilomelane is a group name for hard black manganese oxides including hollandite and romanechite.
It has been found at Monte Somma and Vesuvius, and Monte Cavalluccio near Rome.
Aguilarite is an uncommon sulfosalt mineral with formula Ag4SeS.
It was reported for an amorphous substance associated with sulfate minerals and embedded in a halite crystal cluster.
Samarskite occurs in rare earth bearing granite pegmatites with other rare minerals.
It was first described for an occurrence in the Xitieshan mine south of Mt.
Most of the Nevada variscite recovered in recent decades has come from mines located in Lander County.
Zemannite is a very rare oxide mineral with the chemical formula Mg0.5ZnFe3+[TeO3]3·4.5H2O.
The semi-precious stone rhodolite is a garnet of ~70% pyrope composition.
Sylvite, or sylvine, is potassium chloride in natural mineral form.
Its Mohs hardness is 3.5 to 4 and the specific gravity is 5.04.
It is the antimony endmember of the continuous solid solution series with arsenic-bearing tennantite.
Gehlenite,, is a sorosilicate, Al-rich endmember of the melilite complete solid solution series with akermanite.
It has a Mohs hardness of 2.5 to 3 and a specific gravity of 5.76.
Saleeite is a secondary uranium mineral occurring in the oxidized zones of uranium deposits, or as disseminations in carnotite-bearing sandstones.
Associated minerals include, native sulfur, bravoite, pyrite, minasragrite, stanleyite, dwornikite, quartz and vanadium bearing lignite.
The crystal's density has been calculated at 3.76 g/cm3.
Penikisite is triclinic and has a biaxial optical class.
It occurs as well-formed fine sized isometric crystals.
Zippeite is a hydrous potassium uranium sulfate mineral with formula: K4(UO2)6(SO4)3(OH)10·4(H2O).
Billietite is an uncommon mineral of Uranium that contains Barium.
It occurs within high temperature metamorphosed impure limestone of the Hatrurim Formation and also within calcium-aluminium rich inclusions in chondritic meteorites.
Due to these different indices, Laplandite is a biaxial mineral, which states that the mineral will have two optic axes.
The only color which sapphire cannot be is red – as red colored corundum is called ruby, another corundum variety.
It has a monoclinic crystal system, vitreous luster, and is transparent to translucent.
Some minerals that are commonly associated with akhtenskite are: todorokite, pyrolusite, nsutite, goethite, and cryptomelane.
It is typically granular to massive with only rare occurrence of stubby crystals.
The name was derived from its chemical constituents.
Herbertsmithite has a vitreous luster and is fairly transparent with a light-green to blue green color.
Lead(II) oxide can occur in one of two lattice formats, orthorhombic and tetragonal.
It crystallizes in the triclinic crystal system.
Because of corundum's hardness, it can scratch almost every other mineral.
The mineral can be found in phosphatic shales and was first discovered in the Big Fish River area in Yukon Territory, Canada.
It is also found as shears in ultramafic rocks.
The transformation from α-quartz to beta-quartz takes place abruptly at 573 °C.
This unusual form, which is typical of only a few minerals, means that the crystals are terminated by dissimilar faces.
It was first described in 1968 for an occurrence in Monte Chiaro, Albareto, Parma Province, Emilia-Romagna, Italy and named for the Italian mineralogist Andrea Alietti.
It lends its name to the class of compounds which have the same type of crystal structure as CaTiO3 known as the perovskite structure.
    {\displaystyle \mathbb {Z} _{2}}
Members of the triphylite-lithiophilite series readily alter to secondary minerals.
Boleite is a complex halide mineral with formula: KPb26Ag9Cu24(OH)48Cl62.
The name is from the Greek triplos for triple, in reference to the three cleavage directions.
Phosphuranylite is a uranyl phosphate mineral with formula KCa(H3O)3(UO2)7(PO4)4O4·8(H2O).
The type locality for Barstowite is Bounds Cliff, St Endellion, Cornwall in the United Kingdom.
Painite has an orange-red to brownish-red color similar to topaz due to trace amounts of iron.
Hydroxylapatite is the hydroxyl endmember of the complex apatite group.
It has perfect 001 cleavage, a Mohs hardness of 4 to 4.5 and a specific gravity of 3.34.
The albite:anorthite molar ratio ranges from 90:10 to 70:30.
It has a Mohs hardness of 5 and a specific gravity of 2.86.
The color and greasy luster of elaeolite are due to the presence of numerous microscopic enclosures of other minerals, possibly augite or hornblende.
Powellite crystallizes with tetragonal - dipyramidal crystal structure as transparent adamantine blue, greenish brown, yellow to grey typically anhedral forms.
It is found in hydrothermal veins usually associated with other similar minerals, particularly the sulfides of iron and copper.
          
Other names include bowlingite; mountain soap; piotine; soapstone.
Wüstite was named for Fritz Wüst, a German metallurgist and founding director of the Kaiser-Wilhelm-Institut für Eisenforschung.
It is said to be opaque and unattractive when found in the field; a fact that may have contributed to its late recognition.
It occurs as a secondary mineral in the oxidized weathering zone of hydrothermal uranium ore deposits which contain arsenic.
The appropriate species name depends on the dominant element.
It is a very dark green to black translucent mineral crystallizing in the triclinic system with typically radial short prismatic clusters and druzy coatings.
Secondary weathering incrustations of erythrite, hydrated cobalt arsenate, are common.
The crystal system of thomsonite is orthorhombic.
              +
Aegirine is the sodium endmember of the aegirine-augite series.
It is usually massive to fibrous with rare pseudohexagonal orthorhombic crystals.
The mineral can be found in Yellowknife in the Northwest Territories of Canada, and the Timiskaming District in Ontario, Canada.
Bismutite occurs as an oxidation product of other bismuth minerals such as bismuthinite and native bismuth in hydrothermal veins and pegmatites.
Associate minerals include epidote, titanite, glaucophane, garnet and quartz.
It is dark reddish brown to dark yellowish in color and generally granular massive in form.
Keatite is a silicate mineral with the chemical formula SiO2 that was discovered in nature in 2013.
It is a rare secondary mineral occurring in the oxidized zones of lead-rich deposits.
Artinite is a hydrated magnesium carbonate mineral with formula: Mg2(CO3)(OH)2·3H2O.
Greenockite belongs to the wurtzite group and is isostructural with it at high temperatures.
Upon further heating to more than c. 1050 °C the crystal symmetry changes from triclinic to monoclinic; this variant is also known as monalbite.
Zinkenite is a steel-gray metallic sulfosalt mineral composed of lead antimony sulfide Pb9Sb22S42.
It usually crystallizes in long, cylindrical prisms that form within another source.
Spherical groups with a radially fibrous structure and bristled with crystals on the surface are not uncommon.
It is named for its composition, Ca-Fe-Ti.
It has a density of 6.2 and has a rating between 1 and 2 on Mohs Hardness Scale.
Massive bedded deposits occur in New Mexico and western Texas, and in Utah in the US, but the largest world source is in Saskatchewan, Canada.
It forms opaque blue grey to dark blue orthorhombic crystals.
Cuprosklodowskite is a nesosilicate mineral, It is grass green to dark green in color, and its crystal habit is typically acicular, flat bladed crystals.
Small amounts of barium is usually present replacing part of the strontium.
Nowadays massicot arises during industrial processing of lead and lead oxides, especially in the glass industry, which is the biggest user of PbO.
It is typically almost colorless in thin section, but some lawsonite is pleochroic from colorless to pale yellow to pale blue, depending on orientation.
Smithsonite occurs as a secondary mineral in the weathering or oxidation zone of zinc-bearing ore deposits.
It occurs with kaolinite, gibbsite and diaspore in bauxite deposits; and with nepheline, gibbsite, diaspore, natrolite and analcime in nepheline pegmatites.
Rhodolite itself is not officially recognized as a mineralogical term.
It is of a yellowish-green color, with a vitreous luster, and a hardness of 5 on the Moh scale.
The nearly perfect cleavage, which is the most prominent characteristic of mica, is explained by the hexagonal sheet-like arrangement of its atoms.
It crystallizes in the monoclinic - prismatic crystal system with typically an acicular crystal form or habit.
Penroseite makes extensive solid solutions with other minerals.
At the type locality in Peru it occurs in fissures within a red shale likely derived from an asphaltum deposit.
Shattuckite is a copper silicate hydroxide mineral with formula Cu5(SiO3)4(OH)2.
It has a specific gravity of 2.6 and a Mohs hardness of 3 to 3.5.
Some presolar grains in primitive meteorites consist of hibonite.
The name fayalite is derived from Faial Island in the Azores where it was first described in 1840.
The synthetic form of kesterite is abbreviated as CZTS.
Discovered in 1954, the mineral was described in 1961 and named after Orlando J. Benston.
It was discovered in 1983 and named for the discovery location of Xitieshan lead/zinc ore deposit in the Qinghai Province, China.
It occurs as an uncommon accessory mineral in evaporite deposits and salt domes worldwide.
Some can be seen with the naked eye and occur inside the nodules.
Krotite was reported in 2011 in a calcium-aluminium-rich inclusion in the carbonaceous chondrite meteorite NWA 1934, which landed in Morocco.
Clinothulite is the manganese bearing variety of monoclinic clinozoisite.
Bergenite is a rare uranyl phosphate of the more specific phosphuranylite group.
Eveite is an orthorhombic mineral, which means it has three crystallographic axes of unequal lengths which are at 90° to one another.
In the guano deposit it occurs with carbonate-fluorapatite, calcite, dolomite, quartz and clay minerals.
It was named for Saxon mining official Sigmund August Wolfgang von Herder.
The color of chalcedony sold commercially is often enhanced by dyeing or heating.
Other minerals that anandite is associated with include: magnetite, chalcopyrite, pyrite, pyrrhotite and baryte.
Cuprospinel, occurs naturally in Baie Verte, Newfoundland, Canada.
Unusually, mullite has no charge balancing cations present.
The Verdet constant increases substantially as the mineral approaches cryogenic temperatures.
Pigeonite is found as phenocrysts in volcanic rocks on Earth and as crystals in meteorites from Mars and the Moon.
It is also found in the alkali pegmatites of Mont Saint-Hilaire, Quebec.
Sylvite is found in many evaporite deposits worldwide.
Buddingtonite was discovered in 1964 at the Sulfur Bank mine near Clear Lake in Lake County, California.
In 1942 the name cryptomelane was proposed as part of an effort to sort out the manganese oxide minerals referred to as psilomelane.
It is an uncommon mineral found in the oxidized zones of copper-lead deposits.
This means it can have radial symmetry, mirror plane symmetry, or mirror plane symmetry perpendicular to the two-fold axis.
Pyramide, Spitsbergen, Norway and named after Norwegian geologist Adolf Hoel.
Goniometric measurements made by Gerhard vom Rath in 1873 led him to refer the crystals to the tetragonal system.
It is colorless in plane polarized light, and it is weakly pleochroic.
The mineral is monoclinic with the space group P2/c.
It has widespread global occurrence in Colorado Plateau-type uranium ore deposits of uranium and vanadium.
Hiärneite is an oxide mineral named after the Swedish geologist Urban Hiärne.
Due to the small sample size available to him, he was only able to determine the unknown substance's optical properties under a microscope.
Hagendorfite belongs to the monoclinic crystal class, so it is assigned to the biaxial optical class.
Chvaleticeite is a monoclinic hexahydrite manganese magnesium sulfate mineral with formula:[SO4]·6(H2O).
Franckeite has an average density of 5.7 and can be both grayish black, blackish gray in color.
            
Pumpellyite is a group of closely related sorosilicate minerals:
Upon placing it into dilute hydrochloric acid the original color is restored.
Pliny the Elder referred to the mineral as callais and the Aztecs knew it as chalchihuitl.
Zirkelite is an oxide mineral with formula:Zr(Ti,Nb)2O7.
                  
Ardaite has a hardness of 2.5 to 3 on Mohs scale and a density of approximately 6.44.
It was first described in 1858 for an occurrence in the Leonora Mine, Jalpa, Zacatecas, Mexico and named for the locality.
Because of its radioactive nature, monazite is used for monazite geochronology to study geological events, such as crystallization, heating, or deformation of the rocks containing monazite.
It is a relatively rare mineral but is found in granitic pegmatites, phosphate rock deposits, guano caves and in chondrite meteorites.
It occurs associated with pyromorphite, malachite, plumbojarosite, limonite and quartz.
The endmembers of the hydrogarnet family depend on the degree of substitution:
It was first described in 1971 for an occurrence in the Bukov uranium mine, Rožná deposit, Vysočina Region, Moravia, Czech Republic.
It usually occurs in low temperature hydrothermal deposits.
Chalcanthite, whose name derives from the Greek, chalkos and anthos, meaning copper flower, is a richly-colored blue/green water-soluble sulfate mineral CuSO4·5H2O.
It may occur as an oxidation product of other lead-bearing minerals such as galena, bournonite, boulangerite, either naturally or in industrial processing.
It was first described in 1961 for an occurrence in the oxidized zone of the Osarizawa mine, Akita Prefecture, Honshu Island, Japan.
It occurs in cobalt bearing hydrothermal environments and was associated with veins of quartz and chalcedony in the type locality.
            
It is isotypic with whitlockite and was misidentified as such until proper chemical analysis.
It is closely allied to plancheite in structure and appearance.
Crystals are of frequent occurrence and they usually have very bright and smooth faces.
Stones from the Magnesia region in ancient Anatolia contained both magnesium oxide and hydrated magnesium carbonate as well as iron oxides.
It has also been reported from Cerro de Pasco, Peru, and the Lavrion District Mines in Attica, Greece.
The mineral was discovered in Guinea in 1931 and named for J. M. Sérand.
Willemite is a zinc silicate mineral and a minor ore of zinc.
Zircophyllite is radioactive, but the radioactivity is barely detectable.
Allophane is an amorphous to poorly crystalline hydrous aluminium silicate clay mineraloid.
Tyrolite is a hydrated calcium copper arsenate carbonate mineral with formula: CaCu5(AsO4)2CO3(OH)4·6H2O.
As an early radio detector it was used in conjunction with another mineral, galena, and this device was known as the cat's-whisker detector.
It was originally described by Ananda Coomaraswamy in 1904 as uraninite, but recognized as a new species by Wyndham R. Dunstan.
Canavesite, Mg2(HBO3)(CO3)∙5H2O, is a rare carboborate mineral from the abandoned Brosso mine in Italy.
In addition to the four agardite minerals, the other members of the mixite mineral group are calciopetersite, goudeyite, mixite, petersite-(Ce), petersite-(Y), plumboagardite, and zálesíite.
    {\displaystyle {\ce {Fe^{3+}(SO4)(OH).3H2O}}}
Its hardness is 4.5, between fluorite and apatite.
The mineral marcasite, sometimes called white iron pyrite, is iron sulfide with orthorhombic crystal structure.
Herbertsmithite is generally found in and around Anarak, Iran, hence its other name, anarakite.
Associated minerals include garnets, vesuvianite, diopside, tremolite, epidote, plagioclase feldspar, pyroxene and calcite.
White hydrogrossular is sourced from Burma and China.
Russellite is a bismuth tungstate mineral with the chemical formula Bi2WO6.
Saliotite was first described in 1994 for an occurrence in an outcrop of high grade schist north of Almeria, Andalusia, Spain.
The species are visually indistinguishable, and the series name heulandite is still used whenever testing has not been performed.
Lazurite is a tectosilicate mineral with sulfate, sulfur and chloride with formula:8[(S,Cl,SO4,OH)2|(Al6Si6O24)].
It is the mineral form of potassium alum and is referred to as potassium alum in older sources.
It was first described for an occurrence in Varmland, Sweden in 1854 and named for Swedish chemist Lars Fredrik Svanberg.
It is an opaque white to light gray metallic mineral that occurs as inclusions within other minerals such as chalcopyrite.
Scandiobabingtonite was first discovered in the Montecatini granite quarry near Baveno, Italy in a pegmatite cavity.
The plane of the optical axis is normal to the plane of symmetry and inclined 160, rear to the normal to.
It is opaque with a metallic luster and a dark gray streak.
            
            H
Ruizite is a sorosilicate mineral with formula Ca2Mn2Si4O11(OH)4·2H2O.
The unit cell is somewhat larger than for the calcium free olivines forsterite and fayalite with
Linnaeite is found in hydrothermal veins with other cobalt and nickel sulfides in many localities around the world.
Arthurite is named after Arthur W. G. Kingsbury, a British mineralogist, and Arthur Russell, 6th Baronet of Swallowfield, and a collector of minerals.
In daylight, it is white to gray to light pink in color, sometimes with a vitreous or greasy luster.
          
It is also known as Chessylite after the type locality at Chessy-les-Mines near Lyon, France.
Nenadkevichite is a rare silicate mineral containing niobium with formula:(Nb,Ti)Si2O7·2H2O.
Apatite is a mineral that is often mistaken for other minerals.
Spessartine of an orange-yellow has been called Mandarin garnet and is found in Madagascar.
Fluorapatite is found in the teeth of sharks and other fishes in varying concentrations.
It has a Mohs hardness of 4 to 5 and a specific gravity of 8.5 to 9.5, quite high for a nonmetallic mineral.
Yellow, orange, pink, white or even blue, it has a vitreous or pearly luster; a hardness of 5-6 and an uneven conchoidal fracture.
Kamiokite is associated with copper arsenides found in Michigan's Mohawk and Ahmeek copper mines.
Crystals of manganite are prismatic and deeply striated parallel to their length; they are often grouped together in bundles.
The orthorhombic lollingite group includes the nickel iron arsenide rammelsbergite and the cobalt iron arsenide safflorite.
Colimaite, the naturally occurring analog of synthetic K3VS4, is a sulfide mineral discovered in southwestern Mexico.
Calciborite, CaB2O4, is a rare calcium borate mineral.
Brianyoungite is a secondary zinc carbonate mineral.
Lyonsite6) is a rare black vanadate mineral that is opaque with a metallic lustre.
Today it is mined as iron ore.
The melting point increases at the rate of 0.007°K per atmosphere..
Although synthetic barium fluoride has been commonly known from at least 1846, it had not been found in nature.
Djebel Nador and Djebel Debbar are its co-type localities.
Its color ranges from white to grey or green and it has a distinctly greasy feel.
It occurs as a hydrothermal alteration mineral in sulfide ore deposits and geothermal alteration of basalt and tuff.
It is a member of the tsumcorite group.
It occurs in the oxidized zone of ore deposits and is associated with dioptase, wulfenite, hemihedrite, phoenicochroite, duftite, mimetite, shattuckite, chrysocolla, hemimorphite, willemite and fluorite.
This mineral is sub-metallic resembling colors of brownish-black, dark brown, to reddish brown.
Campigliaite belongs to the copper oxysalt minerals as well followed by the subgroup M=M-T sheets.
It was originally discovered in 1896 in East Tyrol, Austria, and is so-named because of its resemblance to zoisite and its monoclinic crystal structure.
It occurs as a late hydrothermal phase in granitic pegmatites in association with albite, tourmaline, quartz and rarely gypsum.
It occurs in thermally altered limestone xenoliths within basalts in Mayen, Germany and Klöch, Styria, Austria.
Pyrope forms a solid solution series with almandine and spessartine, which are collectively known as the pyralspite garnets.
It is found in east Africa, in the Umba Valley bordering Tanzania and Kenya.
Stishovite is an extremely hard, dense tetragonal form of silicon dioxide.
Merrillite is a calcium phosphate mineral with the chemical formula Ca9NaMg(PO4)7.
Nuummite is a rare metamorphic rock that consists of the amphibole minerals gedrite and anthophyllite.
It was first described in 1878 for an occurrence in the Branchville Quarry, Branchville, Fairfield County, Connecticut.
It occurs as a secondary mineral in pegmatite.
Sal ammoniac is a rare mineral composed of ammonium chloride, NH4Cl.
It was first described in 1997 for an occurrence in the Centennial Eureka mine, one mile southeast of Eureka, Tintic District, Juab County, Utah, US.
It occurs as a secondary beryllium mineral in granitic and alkalic pegmatites.
It is a rare mineral that is found in calcium rich contact metamorphic rocks with increased amounts of boron.
Associated minerals include talc, chlorite, serpentine and calcite.
Pezzottaite has been found in at least one other locality, Afghanistan: this material was first thought to be caesium-rich morganite.
The largest crystals are usually near 1.5 cm.
Fluororichterite is a rare amphibole with formula Na(NaCa)Mg5Si8O22F2.
GGG can also be used as a seed substrate for the growth of other garnets such as YIG.
        
The mineral has been known at least since the 15th century from silver mines in the Ore Mountains, on the German/Czech border.
Collection specimens must be kept in a sealed argon environment.
            
Silver may be present resulting in the variety argentocuproauride).
Cerussite is often found in considerable quantities, and has a lead content of up to 77.5%.
It has a Mohs hardness of 3.5 to 4 and a specific gravity of 2.7.
Efremovite is a rare ammonium sulfate mineral with the chemical formula:2Mg2(SO4)3.
It was first described in 1950 for an occurrence in the Ural Mountains Russia.
It has a conchoidal fracture and does not show cleavage.
It is a member of the periclase group.
It has also been reported from carbonaceous chondrite meteorites.
            
It occurs in two more or less distinct varieties, namely, as crystalline folia and as compact masses; distinct crystals are not known.
Pyrope is common in peridotite xenoliths from kimberlite pipes, some of which are diamond-bearing.
Crystals of brochantite can range from emerald green to black-green to blue-green, and can be acicular or prismatic.
Benitiote has a rare 5 pointed crystal form, and an even rarer 6 pointed form, "star of David", with about 24 samples known.
In 2002, the American Gem Trade Association chose tanzanite as a December birthstone, the first change to their birthstone list since 1912.
Kassite is a rare mineral whose chemical formula is CaTi2O4(OH)2.
It is a member of the apatite group, and forms a series with hydroxylellestadite.
Occasionally, weddellite partially dehydrates to whewellite, forming excellent pseudomorphs of grainy whewellite after weddellite's short tetragonal dipyramids.
Its color is usually pure white, hence its name from Latin albus.
The great heat and stress of the impact transforms the graphite into diamond, but retains graphite's hexagonal crystal lattice.
Atheneite is a rare palladium, mercury arsenide mineral with formula3As associated with palladium–gold deposits.
The Freiberg mineral had previously been imperfectly described by August Breithaupt under the name plusinglanz, and Bolivian crystals were incorrectly described in 1849 as crystallized brongniardite.
Due to its 1:2 composition of silicon-iron, hapkeite was given the chemical formula Fe2Si.
As a silicate based mineral with the properties of a zeolite, partheite was first described as zeolite-like in 1984 and listed as a zeolite in 1985.
Pure magnesium tremolite is creamy white, but the color grades to dark green with increasing iron content.
It is a hydrated potassium-magnesium sulfate-chloride, naturally occurring in irregular granular masses or as crystalline coatings in cavities or fissures.
It typically occurs as vein and open space fillings as a late mineral phase.
Charge balance is maintained by bonding a H+ to each of the four oxygens surrounding the vacant site.
It was named for geophysicist Stephen E. Haggerty of the Florida International University.
Astrophyllite is a very rare, brown to golden-yellow hydrous potassium iron titanium silicate mineral.
Triphylite is a lithium iron(II) phosphate mineral with the chemical formula LiFe2+PO4.
When exposed to water, anhydrite readily transforms to the more commonly occurring gypsum, by the absorption of water.
Schäferite is isotropic, meaning that the velocity of light is the same no matter which direction the light passes through.
The center of the star is much bigger and brighter than normal star sapphires.
Native copper is an uncombined form of copper which occurs as a natural mineral.
Kieserite is the magnesium sulfate mineral and is named after Dietrich Georg von Kieser.
Its specific gravity is 8.9 and its hardness is 2.5–3.
Ferberite is a black monoclinic mineral composed of iron(II) tungstate, FeWO4.
It was named for Australian mineralogist Frank Leslie Stillwell.
Cassiterite has been the chief tin ore throughout ancient history and remains the most important source of tin today.
Its chemical formula is Ca2BeSi2O7 It occurs mostly in skarns with melanite adjacent to an alkali syenite and has no economic value.
For properties and uses of minium see lead tetroxide.
              2
Tsumcorite is a rare hydrated lead arsenate mineral that was discovered in 1971, and reported by Geier, Kautz and Muller.
It is a hydrocarbon with the formula of either C13H10 or2CH2.
Associated minerals include acanthite, mckinstryite, galena, sphalerite, pyrite, chalcopyrite, stromeyerite, polybasite, pearceite, tetrahedrite–tennantite and native silver.
It has a specific gravity of 7.72 and a hardness of 1–1.5.
All three bases intersect at a 90° angles.
The water content can vary and small amounts of calcium, barium, magnesium, iron, and sodium are often present.
It is a transparent, brittle mineral occurring in the monoclinic crystal system.
Diamond is renowned as a material with superlative physical qualities, most of which originate from the strong covalent bonding between its atoms.
It was first described in 1891 for an occurrence in the Idrija Mine, Idrija, Slovenia.
Agrellite displays pink fluorescence under both shortwave and longwave ultraviolet light.
It is colorless to white with occasional shades or tints of yellow and red.
It was named for the Evenkia district.
The mineral is named after the locality where it was found.
Tints of green also occur and are connected with copper substitutions in the mineral structure.
A tetragonal form of cristobalite occurs on cooling below ca.
It was first described in 1824 for an occurrence in the Stenna Gwyn Mine, St Stephen-in-Brannel, St Austell District, Cornwall, England.
            
Brammallite is a sodium rich analogue of illite.
Creedite is a calcium aluminium sulfate fluoro hydroxide mineral with formula: Ca3Al2SO4(F,OH)10·2(H2O).
It is found in Cowee Valley, Macon County, North Carolina.
The generic formula is frequently written as FeO(OH)·nH2O, although this is not entirely accurate as the ratio of oxide to hydroxide can vary quite widely.
Evidence shows that the sample is actually extraterrestrial in origin, delivered to the Earth by a CV3 carbonaceous chondrite asteroid that dates back 4.5 Gya.
Both crystallize in the ditrigonal pyramidal class of the rhombohedral system, possessing the same degree of symmetry as tourmaline.
Although it plays an important role in the geology of minerals, it can also be used for other purposes.
Magnesium substitutes for the iron with increasingly pyrope-rich composition.
Scorodite was discovered in the Schwarzenberg, Saxony district, Erzgebirge, Saxony, Germany.
It has a vitreous luster and a conchoidal to uneven fracture.
Miners' names in early use were lead-spar and white-lead-ore.
Weeksite is a naturally occurring uranium silicate mineral with the chemical formula: K2(UO2)2Si6O15•4(H2O), potassium uranyl silicate.
Witherite is a barium carbonate mineral, BaCO3, in the aragonite group.
The chemical formula for cahnite is Ca2B[AsO4](OH)4.
It was named for mineralogist John Bartholomew Lyons of Dartmouth College.
Erionite is a naturally occurring fibrous mineral that belongs to a group of minerals called zeolites.
It forms a solid solution series with the iron rich wolfeite.
It also occurs in the layered igneous complex of the Bushveld region of South Africa and the Oktyabr'skoye copper-nickel deposit of the Eastern-Siberian Region, Russia.
It forms vitreous white well defined monoclinic crystals, often associated with calcite and other zeolites.
It is very rarely found as well formed crystals, and these are usually rectangular in appearance and rock-locked.
Chrysocolla is a hydrated copper phyllosilicate mineral with formula: Cu2−xAlx(H2−xSi2O5)(OH)4·nH2O or2H2Si2O5(OH)4·nH2O.
Almandine is an iron alumina garnet, of deep red color, inclining to purple.
Kaersutite is a dark brown to black double chain calcic titanium bearing amphibole mineral with formula: NaCa2(Mg3Ti4+Al)(Si6Al2)O22(OH)2.
Early German texts have referred to the mineral as antimon-hypochlorite.
Struvite crystallizes in the orthorhombic system as white to yellowish or brownish-white pyramidal crystals or in platey mica-like forms.
It has also been reported from the Osborn District in the Big Horn Mountains of Maricopa County, Arizona and the Lavrion District Mines of Attica, Greece.
It occurs in contact metamorphic rocks and skarn ore deposits.
Phoenicochroite, also known as melanochroite, is a lead chromate mineral with formula Pb2OCrO4.
Germanite is a rare copper iron germanium sulfide mineral, Cu26Fe4Ge4S32.
Cuspidine is a fluorine bearing calcium silicate mineral with formula: Ca4(Si2O7)(F,OH)2.
Crystal faces are often etched and pitted with triangular markings.
The theory proved correct when jimthompsonite, clinojimthompsonite and chesterite were discovered in the Carlton Quarry in Windsor County, Vermont in 1977.
The mineral has a metallic luster, is gray and has no clear cleavage although its crystal structure is isometric-hexoctahedral.
Brazilianite, whose name derives from its country of origin, Brazil, is a typically yellow-green phosphate mineral, most commonly found in phosphate-rich pegmatites.
Carbonated calcium-deficient hydroxylapatite is the main mineral of which dental enamel and dentin are composed.
It occurs as miarolytic cavity fillings of alkalic pegmatites in the Kola occurrence and in nepheline syenite in the Magnet Cove igneous complex of Arkansas, US.
Adamsite-(Y), chemical formula NaY(CO3)2·6H2O is a mineral of sodium, yttrium, carbon, oxygen, and hydrogen.
Its crystals are doubly refracting, and exhibit a banded structure in polarized light.
In the Carlin–type gold deposits, arsenian pyrite contains up to 0.37 wt% gold.
Kaatialaite3·5H2O) is a ferric arsenate mineral found in Finland.
It has a Mohs hardness of 3.5 and a specific gravity of 2.8.
Pollucite is a zeolite mineral with the formula2Al2Si4O12·2H2O with iron, calcium, rubidium and potassium as common substituting elements.
            
The mineral possess monoclinic symmetry and forms clear, often rounded crystals.
First described in 1943 for an occurrence in Llandybie, Carmarthenshire, Wales, it was named for British geologist and mineralogist Alfred Brammall.
The layers of the structure stack in multiple ways, to produce a 3-layer rhombohedral structure, or a 2-layer hexagonal structure formerly known as manasseite.
It crystallizes in the trigonal crystal system in space group R3.
It dissolves with effervescence in dilute nitric acid.
Because of this, pearl has become a metaphor for something rare, fine, admirable and valuable.
Melanite: Black in color, referred to as "titanian andradite".
It was first described in 1964 for an occurrence in San Bernardino County, California, and named after the mineralogist and physical chemist Joseph W. Greig.
              
Cuprite is found in the Ural Mountains, Altai Mountains, and Sardinia, and in more isolated locations in Cornwall, France, Arizona, Chile, Bolivia, and Namibia.
Baryte and celestine form a solid solutionSO4.
Nobleite has also been identified at two localities in Chile and Argentina.
            
Larnite is a calcium silicate mineral with formula: Ca2SiO4.
It has a Mohs hardness of about 2.
It was first encountered in 1984 at the Pinch Mineralogical Museum.
Kankite is named for the locality that yielded first specimens Kaňk, Czech Republic.
It occurs in association with barbertonite16·4H2O), chromite and antigorite.
The color is steel-gray, and the luster metallic and brilliant.
Good examples have been found in Iceland, India, Italy, Oregon, Washington, and Idaho.
They believed the substance to be sacrofanite, but after several diagnostic tests they observed the powder IR spectrum of the sample showed some differences from sacrofanite.
It is the official mineral of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
The mineral was described in 1997 for its occurrence in a skarn environment in Långban iron–manganese deposit of the Filipstad district, Värmland, Sweden.
It can be locally abundant, forming seams and veins.
Rocks that are rich in kaolinite are known as kaolin  or china clay.
Knorringite is a greenish blue color with a Mohs scale of mineral hardness of six to seven.
Bastnäsite also occurs as very high quality specimens at the Zagi Mountains, Pakistan.
Mascagnite is a rare ammonium sulfate mineral2SO4.
It occurs as pale yellow to white needle-like crystals often in acicular, white sprays.
It crystallizes in the cubic crystal system, but typically occurs as anhedral grains between other minerals.
Loparite-(Ce) is a granular, brittle oxide mineral of the perovskite class.
It occurs as an oxidation product of zinc ores and as post mine incrustations.
It is a member of the rutile group.
Darker green quartz is generally the result of artificial treatment.
It has chemical formula2SiF6 and trigonal crystal structure.
Campigliaite is a copper and manganese sulfate mineral with a chemical formula of Cu4Mn(SO4)2(OH)6·4H2O.
Thulite was first discovered at a place called Sauland in Telemark, Norway in 1820.
The brittle mineral's Mohs hardness is 2.5 with a specific gravity of 1.79.
It was first identified in samples of beach sands from the West Coast region of New Zealand by the mineralogist Colin Osborne Hutton.
Erythrite or red cobalt is a secondary hydrated cobalt arsenate mineral with the formula2·8H2O).
Natrophilite is a mineral with the chemical formula NaMnPO4.
Siderophyllite is a rare member of the mica group of silicate minerals with formula KFe2+2Al(Al2Si2)O10(F,OH)2.
It is isostructural with the pyrophyllite-talc mineral group.
Gaylussite is a carbonate mineral, a hydrated sodium calcium carbonate, formula Na2Ca(CO3)2·5H2O.
The mineral is named after Anders Celsius.
Minium is rare and occurs in lead-mineral deposits that have been subjected to severe oxidizing conditions.
Wardite is a hydrous sodium aluminium phosphate hydroxide mineral with formula: NaAl3(PO4)2(OH)4·2(H2O).
Rare in gem-quality over several carats, tsavorite has been found in larger sizes.
Cliftonite is a natural form of graphite that occurs as small octahedral inclusions in iron-containing meteorites, such as Campo del Cielo.
Due to these series, specimens with the ideal endmember formula are not found occurring naturally.
The specific gravity is about 2.67 and the hardness is 3.5.
Metazeunerite is an arsenate mineral with a chemical formula of Cu(UO2)2(AsO4)2·8H2O.
In the type locality it is associated with the rare minerals: coquimbite, copiapite, butlerite and zincobotryogen.
Tephroite is the manganese endmember of the olivine group of nesosilicate minerals with the formula Mn2SiO4.
Brokenhillite structure is either composed of iron or manganese with the formula8Si6O15(OH,Cl)10, and has either a hydroxide or a chloride rotation.
Langite is a rare hydrated copper sulfate mineral, with hydroxyl, found almost exclusively in druses of small crystals.
It is trimorphous with alstonite and paralstonite, that is to say the three minerals have the same formula but different structures.
Shandite is commonly found as an inclusion in other minerals such as serpentine.
The mineral was named for the Poudrette family because they operated a quarry in the Mont St. Hilaire area where poudretteite was originally found.
It was first described in 1938 and named after Moschellandsberg Mountain near Obermoschel, Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
          
Icosahedrite is the first known naturally occurring quasicrystal phase.
The hardness is 5.5 to 6 and the specific gravity is 2.8.
Associated minerals include prehnite, scolecite and mesolite.
It has been reported only from the Sakha Republic, Siberia, Russia.
These are both silica minerals, but they differ in that quartz has a trigonal crystal structure, while moganite is monoclinic.
Laplandite has a general formula of Na4CeTiPO4Si7O18•5H2O, and is found primarily in igneous rocks.
Rhodonite crystals often have a thick tabular habit, but are rare.
Monazite is an important ore for thorium, lanthanum, and cerium.
Hexamolybdenum is hexagonal, with a calculated density of 11.90 g/cm3.
Small deposits have also been discovered in Japan, Russia, Saudi Arabia, and Norway.
It crystallizes in the triclinic system, is gray-black to blue-gray and its lustre is metallic to dull.
PbO can be changed from massicot to litharge by controlled heating and cooling.
Because iddingsite is constantly transforming it does not have a definite structure or a definite chemical composition.
In other words, because Gananite is an isometric mineral, it does not exhibit double refraction.
It is named after Bruce Hapke, who predicted the presence and importance of vapor-deposited coatings on lunar soil grains.
Parsonsite is a lead uranium phosphate mineral with chemical formula: Pb2(UO2)(PO4)2·2H2O.
Museums are known to have covered the mineral with lacquer to avoid drying of the mineral.
It is the selenium analogue of the sulfide mineral gersdorffite, NiAsS, with a common impurity of cobalt, CoAsSe.
It was approved as a new mineral by the IMA in 1997.
Naldrettite is a mineral with a chemical formula of Pd2Sb.
The mineral shows pleochroism with X showing green-brown, and Y and Z axes showing olive-green colour.
It was discovered in Meteor Crater in 1962 by Edward C. T. Chao.
It was named for geologist Andrew Lawson of the University of California by two of Lawson's graduate students, Charles Palache and Frederick Leslie Ransome.
Currently, almost all prasiolite on the market results from a combination of heat treatment and ionizing radiation.
When it forms well developed crystals they are hairlike; very long, thin, and delicate.
Kyanite is strongly anisotropic, in that its hardness varies depending on its crystallographic direction.
Uvite is part of the space group 3m.
KainiteCl·3H2O) is an evaporite mineral in the class of "Sulfates with additional anions, with H2O" according to the Nickel-Strunz classification.
Moganite is a oxide mineral with the chemical formula SiO2 that was discovered in 1984.
The ideal chemical formula for scandiobabingtonite is Ca2(Fe2+,Mn)ScSi5O14(OH).
Monohydrocalcite has been observed in air conditioning systems, and in moonmilk deposits in caves, both probably formed from spray of carbonate rich fluids.
It has a glassy luster and perfect cleavage.
Co-type localities are the Toluca meteorite, Xiquipilco, Mexico and the Canyon Diablo meteorite, Meteor Crater, Coconino County, Arizona, US.
He could show that barite and the new mineral were two different minerals.
Hilgardite is a borate mineral with the chemical formula Ca2B5O9Cl·H2O.
Fukuchilite was found to have a reflection color very similar to bornite and bright pinkish brown in air, while being a purplish brown in oil.
Bobfergusonite is a mineral with formula Na2Mn5FeAl(PO4)6.
Crocoite is a mineral consisting of lead chromate, PbCrO4, and crystallizing in the monoclinic crystal system.
It is a rare mineral which occurs in granites, tin bearing pegmatites, contact metamorphic skarns, gneisses and in hydrothermal deposits.
Both minerals are members of the brackebuschite group.
It occurs as microscopic inclusions within massive chalcopyrite at Temagami in association with other rare tellurides: merenskyite, stützite, hessite and an unnamed Pd-Hg-Ag telluride.
When the mineral exhibits good pale green to yellow color and is transparent, then it is used as a gemstone.
Cryptomelane was identified and defined based on X-ray diffraction studies of samples from Tombstone, Arizona; Deming, New Mexico; Mena, Arkansas; and Philipsburg, Montana.
It has a hardness of 2.5 - 3 and a relative density of 4.3.
It contains up to 10 percent iron and variable amounts of nickel.
Uniform presence of troilite on the Moon and possibly on Mars has been confirmed by the Apollo, Viking and Phobos space probes.
Mesolite crystallizes in the orthorhombic system and typically forms fibrous, acicular prismatic crystals or masses.
The specific gravity is 4.3, which is high for a translucent mineral.
Along with hydroxylapatite, it can be a component of tooth enamel.
The chief commercial sources have historically been the deposits of California and France.
Therefore, it is used in thermochemistry as the standard state for defining the heat of formation of carbon compounds.
Cleavage is perfect, two directions in the shape of a diamond; fracture is uneven, splintery.
It can also be found in England and Sweden.
It is the arsenate analogue of the phosphate corkite.
Åkermanite is a melilite mineral of the sorosilicate group, containing calcium, magnesium, silicon, and oxygen.
The species was established by Armand Lévy in 1825 and named after William Phillips.
It has also been reported from the Pamir Mountains of Tajikistan, Namibia and the Eifel district, Germany.
The mineral may be found in lagoons throughout Tuscany and Sasso.
Other lacustrine deposits include Lake Issyk-Kul, Kyrgyzstan, Lake Kivu, Democratic Republic of the Congo, and Solar Lake, Sinai.
Scorzalite crystallizes in the monoclinic system in a dipyramidal form.
Violarite has a characteristic violet colour, hence the name from the Latin 'violaris' alluding to its colour especially when viewed in polished section under a microscope.
They are composed of three borate tetrahedra and two borate triangular groups.
        
For example, its structure is very similar to that of lanthanide oxide sulfates and therefore may be used to help better describe them.
Allanpringite is a phosphate mineral named after Australian mineralogist Allan Pring, South Australian Museum.
Krotite is a natural mineral composed of calcium, aluminium and oxygen, with the molecular formula CaAl2O4.
The index of refraction can be defined as n = cair/cmineral, where “n” is the index of refraction and “c” is the speed of light.
Becquerelite contains about 70% Uranium in it.
The calcium variety was first described in 1821 for an occurrence in Dalsnipa, Sandoy, Faroe Islands.
Fraipontite is a zinc aluminium silicate mineral with a formula of3(Si,Al)2O5(OH)4.
Not to be confused with Tobermorite, a Calcium Silicate Hydrate, one of the main constituents of cement paste.
Achávalite is a selenide mineral that is a member of the nickeline group.
This is generally rendered into English as kyanos or kuanos and means "dark blue".
Discovered in 1852 at Cermiky, also known as Tschermig in Bohemia.
It is the copper analogue of hemihedrite6(SiO4)2(F,OH)2).
It crystallizes in the monoclinic crystal system.
Sylvite is one of the last evaporite minerals to precipitate out of solution.
Cyrilovite2(OH)4•2(H2O)) is a hydrous sodium iron phosphate mineral.
The nickel atoms are organized corresponding to a "normal" spinel arrangement.
Bridges was murdered in 2009 when a mob attacked him and his son on their property in Tsavo East National Park.
Given infinite time, it would phase separate into pure Ag5Te3 and pure Te.
Aerugite is a rare complex nickel arsenate mineral with a variably reported formula: Ni9(AsO4)2AsO6.
It is associated with collinsite, magnesite, dolomite, hydrotalcite, apatite, magnetite, and forsterite.
This mineral is unstable under normal atmospheric conditions, making it rare at the surface.
Tremolite forms by metamorphism of sediments rich in dolomite and quartz.
Mosesite is a very rare mineral found in few locations.
Pickeringite is a magnesium aluminium sulfate mineral with formula MgAl2(SO4)4·22(H2O).
It is the calcium analogue of aldridgeite and it is dimorphous with orthoserpierite CaCu4(SO4)2(OH)6·3H2O.
In synthetic material it forms a series with tychite4SO4).
The refractive indices and birefringence are very high.
It occurs in the oxidized zone of uranium-bearing polymetallic ore deposits.
Valentinite occurs as a weathering product of stibnite and other antimony minerals.
The ferrierite group of zeolite minerals consists of three very similar species: ferrierite-Mg, ferrierite-Na, and ferrierite-K, based on the dominant cation in the A location.
It occurs as fracture fillings and incrustations associated with diopside crystals.
It also forms as a low temperature deposit in fumaroles.
            Fe
It is sometimes called "iron mica" because it is more iron-rich than phlogopite.
Lithiophylite is a resinous reddish to yellowish brown mineral crystallizing in the orthorhombic system often as slender prisms.
It forms pyramidal crystals up to 5 cm and can also form cylindrical and prismatic crystals.
Microlite occurs as a primary mineral in lithium-bearing granite pegmatites, and in miarolitic cavities in granites.
It occurs as euhedral to massive opaque, metallic grey-black to silver white forms.
It was first described in 1866 and named for its occurrence in Tetela de Xonotla, Puebla, Mexico.
It occurs as steel gray inclusions within other meteorite derived nickel iron mineral phases.
The color is scarlet-vermilion and the luster adamantine; crystals are transparent and very brilliant, but on exposure to light they soon become dull black and opaque.
The largest documented single crystal of columbite consisted of plates 6 mm thick measuring 76 cm × 61 cm.
Gersdorffite occurs as a hydrothermal vein mineral along with other nickel sulfides.
In thin fragments it appears reddish brown in transmitted light and also leaves a red streak.
It is called gadolinite-(Ce) or gadolinite-(Y), depending on the prominent composing element.
Outside Cornwall it has been found in over 200 locations worldwide including Namaqualand in South Africa and at Bisbee, Arizona.
Zorite is studied to better understand silicate structures.
It has refractive index values of nω=1.974 and nε=1.984.
              
Agrellite is a mineral found in Quebec, Canada.
Associated minerals in eclogites include garnet, quartz or coesite, rutile, kyanite, phengite, and lawsonite.
It is unusual among the silicate minerals in that it will effervesce with hydrochloric acid due to the associated carbonate ions.
In mineralogical literature, thulite may sometimes refer to any pink zoisite.
Wakefieldite-(Ce) was first described as kusuite for its type locality in the Kusu deposit, 85 km SW of Kinshasa, Zaire.
Shortite is a sodium-calcium carbonate mineral, with the chemical formula Na2Ca2(CO3)3.
Uranophane Ca(UO2)2(SiO3OH)2·5H2O is a rare calcium uranium silicate hydrate mineral that forms from the oxidation of uranium bearing minerals.
The mineral has also been reported in 2005 from acid mine drainage from a coal mine in Green Valley, Vigo County, Indiana.
It typically forms encrustations or granular aggregates.
It is usually associated with lepidolite, beryl, quartz, albite, amblygonite, and spodumene of pegmatitic origin.
2O) is a hydrated iron phosphate mineral found in a number of geological environments.
It is green to yellow green in colour.
It is a bright green to duller bottle green colour.
  , and minor Mn, Fe and Ca are usually also present in the structure.
Ankerite occurs with siderite in metamorphosed ironstones and sedimentary banded iron formations.
It was approved by the International Mineralogical Association in 2006.
It has only been reported from the type locality of Franklin Furnace, New Jersey, United States, and in Namibia's Otjozondjupa region.
It has a specific gravity of 8.92, and a Mohs hardness value of 4.
In Brockley, Ireland sekaninaite occurs in bauxitic clay within the contact aureole of a diabase intrusive plug.
Zincite is the mineral form of zinc oxide.
Marialite is a silicate mineral with a chemical composition of Na4Al3Si9O24Cl if a pure endmember or Na4(AlSi3O8)3(Cl2,CO3,SO4) with increasing meionite content.
                
The two have very similar properties and is often difficult to distinguish between tennantite and tetrahedrite.
It is translucent with a refractive index of 1.50.
Perite is found in areas near igneous extrusions in places like the Western United States, Southern Australia, and scattered around Europe.
It is a dimorph of lillianite, exhibiting increased Pb-Bi order and decreased symmetry.
Hopeite is a hydrated zinc phosphate with formula: Zn3(PO4)2·4H2O.
It is transparent to translucent, has high indices of refraction, and ranges from colorless to yellow, green, and dark brown.
Due to its rarity it is possibly the only mineral on Earth ever to be mined to commercial extinction.
Canfieldite is a rare silver tin sulfide mineral with formula: Ag8SnS6.
This mineral is named after Harvey H. Nininger.
Panethite2(Mg,Fe)2(PO4)2 is a rare phosphate mineral that was only found in one meteorite on Earth.
Switzerite is a mineral with the chemical formula of3(PO4)2·7H2O.
The 2/m symmetry group indicates a two-fold axis with a perpendicular mirror plane.
The name given by Bournon himself was endellione, since used in the form endellionite, after the locality in Cornwall where the mineral was first found.
Boracite also shows pseudo-isometric cubical and octahedral forms.
Niningerite is a magnesium-iron-manganese sulfide mineral with the chemical formula MgS that is found in enstatite chondrite meteorites.
The mineral which is now called lavendulan is not a lavender blue color, and has no relationship to the “type” material from Annaberg.
It crystallizes in the monoclinic crystal system.
Manganese substitutes for calcium in the structure with up to two percent Mn2+.
Wakefieldite was first described for an occurrence in the Evans Lou mine, St. Pierre de Wakefield, Quebec, Canada and later designated Wakefieldite-(Y).
It is a translucent white triclinic mineral with a waxy luster.
It is an uncommon mineral, formed by the oxidation of lead ore deposits such as galena.
Canavesite is a secondary mineral that occurs due to the weathering of ludwigite-magnetite skarn on the surface of mine walls.
In popular culture they became a synonym for something bright but worthless.
It was discovered near Nantes, France in 1883 and named after French mineralogist, Emile Bertrand.
Brezinaite, discovered in 1969, is a rare mineral composed of chromium and sulfur.
Crystals occur as distorted tabular triangles and are hemimorphic, polytypes exist.
It is named after the Fassa Valley, Italy.
The mineral is rare but widespread, found in such diverse localities as ocean islands and the La Sal Range in Utah.
Only two sources of gem-quality material are known: the Pamir Mountains of Tajikistan, and the Taymyr region of northern Siberia.
As much as 5 wt % K2O may be present, and also H2O and Cl.
It was first discovered by S. Kaiman in 1949 while he was researching radioactive materials around Lake Athabasca.
It most commonly is found as spherical or radial formations in hydrothermally altered basalt and basaltic tuffs.
The mineral is found in a number of locations around the world, notably the southwestern United States, Serifos in Greece and Chile.
It was named in the mistaken belief that the mineral was the copper analogue of sklodowskite, which in turn was named for Marie Curie.
Symesite is found in small blotches on the calcites or mendipites; Mereheadite does not, as it is most often found in veins.
Hemihedrite is a rare lead zinc chromate silicate mineral with formula Pb10Zn(CrO4)6(SiO4)2(F,OH)2.
When chambersite was first discovered, it was the second chemical analogue of boracite to be found in nature.
Trace impurities of iron and aluminium are typically present.
Spessartines are found in bedrock in the highlands in the Sahatany valley.
Its color is yellow, greenish yellow, brown or olive green.
Jonesite is a mineral with the chemical formula Ba4(K,Na)2[Ti4Al2Si10O36]*6H2O.
The mineral also has an orthorhombic polytype.
An interesting feature of its crystals are the cyclic twins called trillings.
It occurs as groups of radiating fine fibrous crystals within rock cracks of phosphatic ironstone.
Ferrous iron may also be present in the mineral resulting in the formula:S. It is a pale to dark brown accessory mineral in meteorites.
The name monazite comes from the Greek μονάζειν, via German Monazit, in allusion to its isolated crystals.
Grunerite is a mineral of the amphibole group of minerals with formula Fe7Si8O22(OH)2.
It was described in 1969 from an occurrence in Owl Canyon, San Bernardino County, California.
It is associated with microcline and astrophyllite at Pikes Peak, Colorado.
It occurs as tiny crystals, visible only with a microscope.
Its most common occurrence is as the end member mineral from the rapid oxidation of pyrite.
          7
Associated minerals include augite, hornblende, diopside, grossular, biotite, phlogopite, monticellite, wollastonite, calcite, spinel, magnetite and perovskite.
Isomorphous with argyrodite is the corresponding tin bearing mineral Ag8SnS6, also found in Bolivia as pseudocubic crystals, and known by the name canfieldite.
Pitchblende from the Johanngeorgenstadt deposit in Germany was used by M. Klaproth in 1789 to discover the element uranium.
It is transparent to translucent and has a density of 2.3 to 2.4.
It occurs associated with other rare tellurate minerals: parakhinite, dugganite, tlapallite, mcalpineite, leisingite, jensenite; the sulfate - phosphate minerals: hinsdalite–svanbergite; and the oxide goethite.
Natural rutile may contain up to 10% iron and significant amounts of niobium and tantalum.
Turquoise is an opaque, blue-to-green mineral that is a hydrated phosphate of copper and aluminium, with the chemical formula CuAl6(PO4)4(OH)8·4H2O.
Chromite is an iron chromium oxide: FeCr2O4.
Tschermigite is a mineral form of ammonium alum, formula NH4Al(SO4)2·12(H2O).
Caldbeck Fells and Tsumeb are the only reported localities for ianbruceite to date.
Scheelite is a calcium tungstate mineral with the chemical formula CaWO4.
Bornite, also known as peacock ore, is a sulfide mineral with chemical composition Cu5FeS4 that crystallizes in the orthorhombic system.
This 'melting mineral' is more commonly known through its pseudomorphs.
It has a low density, colorless to pale yellow, transparent mineral which crystallizes in the trigonal crystal system.
It was first reported in 1936 and named after the English microscopist Arthur Earland FRSE.
Stilbite is the name of a series of tectosilicate minerals of the zeolite group.
Hydroboracite is a minor borate ore mineral.
Research is generally focussed around the shores of the Aegean Sea due to the abundance of natural clinoptilolite in easily accessible surface deposits.
It is widely mined and is used as a fertilizer, and as the main constituent in many forms of plaster, blackboard chalk and wallboard.
It is a colorless to yellow mineral crystallizing in the trigonal system.
It is formed by the weathering of pyrrhotite.
Its normal occurrence is in hydrothermal veins, which can cut gabbro-diorite intrusives.
Associated modern precautions for use and handling of cinnabar arise from the toxicity of the mercury component, which was recognized as early as ancient Rome.
The first commercial mines in the Keweenaw Peninsula opened in the 1840s.
Sometimes the crystals form a fine feathery mass which has been called plumosite.
The mineral is named after geochemist Philip H. Abelson.
Its chemical formula isAlPO4(OH)2 • H2O and it has a molecular weight of 229.83 g/mol.
          
Autunite was discovered in 1852 near Autun, France.
It is polymorphous with the mineral stichtite and, along with stichtite, is an alteration product of chromite in serpentinite.
Ximengite is a phosphate mineral discovered in and named for the Ximeng tin-mining district in China.
Raspite is a mineral, a lead tungstate; with the formula PbWO4.
It crystallizes in the hexagonal crystal system and forms small prismatic brown crystals.
Linnaeite forms a series with polydymite, Ni+2Ni+32S4.
It is translucent with perfect 010 cleavage and exhibits crystal twinning.
It shows a center acute bisectrix and a birefringence of approximately 0.023.
It occurs as greenish grey to black platy micaceous crystals and foliated masses.
It occurs as a secondary alteration of other bismuth bearing minerals in tin - tungsten hydrothermal ore deposits, pegmatites and greisens.
It crystallizes in the orthorhombic system in translucent lathlike, elongated, commonly radiating in fibrous, and in pulverulent, earthy to very fine-grained dense masses.
Ziesite is a copper vanadate mineral with formula: β-Cu2V2O7.
Emmonsite was first described in 1885 for an occurrence in the Tombstone District, Cochise County, Arizona.
Crystallographically this means, grandreefite has three axes of unequal length, with two angles at 90° to one another and a third, obtuse angle.
Baddeleyite is a refractory mineral, with a melting point of 2700 °C.
Thus it is a type of nesosilicate or orthosilicate.
It is commonly associated with native gold, hessite, sylvanite, krennerite, calaverite, altaite, montbrayite, melonite, frohbergite, tetradymite, rickardite, vulcanite and pyrite.
If iron replaces the magnesium within the structure of the mineral, it is called ferrorichterite; if fluorine replaces the hydroxyl, it is called fluororichterite.
It is named for Georgi Santi, a former director of the Museum of Natural History, Italy.
Compositions of olivine are commonly expressed as molar percentages of forsterite and fayalite.
It was originally found in the Dayton meteorite in Ohio.
It was first described for an occurrence in the Christmas porphyry copper mine in Gila County, Arizona in 1980 along with the mineral apachite.
Jeremejevite is a rare aluminium borate mineral with variable fluoride and hydroxide ions.
Rodalquilarite crystallizes in the triclinic system and typically occurs as stout green prisms and encrustations.
Enargite is dimorph of the tetragonal luzonite.
Substantial energy is still needed for both heating the materials and the electrolysis, but it is much more energy-efficient than melting the oxides themselves.
ferrierite-Mg and ferrierite-K are orthorhombic minerals and ferrierite-Na is monoclinic with highly variable cationic composition,2Mg(Si,Al)18O36(OH)·9H2O.
It is transparent to translucent with refractive indices of nω=1.814 to 1.816, nε=1.596 to 1.598.
It was first discovered in Binnental, Switzerland in 1904 and named after Cambridge mineralogist Arthur Hutchinson, F.R.S..
The mineral name was chosen to honor Dmitriy A. Ivanov, a geologist, mineralogist, and petrologist who died on a field expedition.
It is named after Frank Dawson Adams, professor of geology, McGill University.
In plane polarized light, its color is golden yellow.
Rammelsbergite is a nickel arsenide mineral with formula NiAs2.
Anandite is a member of the mica group of minerals.
It has been found in France, Germany, England, Brazil and various parts of the United States, including Arizona, Virginia and Michigan.
In the aegirine-augite series the sodium is variably replaced by calcium with iron(II) and magnesium replacing the iron(III) to balance the charge.
The type locality is the historic mining and spa town known as Joachimsthal, the modern day Jáchymov, on the Czech side of the mountains, where F.E.
Holmquistite is a lithium magnesium aluminium inosilicate mineral with chemical formula: Li2(Mg,Fe2+)3Al2Si8O22(OH)2.
This was a mass discreditation, and not based on any re-examination of the type material.
Discovered in 1855 in Germany, it is named after Johann Carl Wilhelm Tiemann.
The second form can be easily removed just by slight grinding of the mineral.
          
It was discovered in 1950 and named after Scottish petrologist, Samuel James Shand.
Cafetite is a rare titanium oxide mineral with formula(Fe,Al)2Ti4O12·4(H2O).
It occurs in high temperature regional metamorphic rocks and in the skarns within contact aureoles around igneous intrusions.
Teruggite is a mineral with the chemical formula Ca4MgAs2B12O22(OH)12·12H2O.
Misnomers include Colorado ruby, Arizona ruby, California ruby, Rocky Mountain ruby, Elie Ruby, Bohemian carbuncle, and Cape ruby.
It is the manganese analogue of the iron rich gamagarite and the barium analogue of the lead vanadate, brackebuschite.
It occurs as disseminations and masses of opaque, metallic light bronze to brassy yellow grains which crystallize in the trigonal crystal system.
It is the silicon analogue of geikielite.
The hardness is 4.5 and the specific gravity is 4.36.
It is the Fe2+ dominant member of the roscherite group.
The internal structure of precious opal makes it diffract light.
It is a creamy-white to yellow-brown, soft, earthy clay–like mineral which crystallizes in the tetragonal crystal system.
Bismutite or bismuthite is a bismuth carbonate mineral with formula Bi2(CO3)O2.
It has a Mohs hardness of 5.5 and a specific gravity of 7.1.
Madocite is anisotropic and classified as having high relief.
Its density is about 8 g/cm3 and its hardness is 4 on the Mohs scale.
It is generally considered to be monoclinic, though optical studies have suggested it might be triclinic.
At 80 °C to 100 °C it decomposes to tetragonal cubanite plus bornite.
Fayalite is stable with quartz at low pressures, whereas more magnesian olivine is not, because of the reaction olivine + quartz = orthopyroxene.
Frankamenite was named for the Russian mineralogist-crystallographer V. A. Frank-Kamentsky, who discovered the mineral.
The mineral formed during the oxidation environment within komatiite to dioritic bodies containing sulfide minerals.
The type locality is Monte Somma, Somma-Vesuvius Complex, Naples Province, Campania, Italy.
Carnotite is a potassium uranium vanadate radioactive mineral with chemical formula K2(UO2)2(VO4)2·3H2O.
Pseudomorphs after more tabular or blocky azurite crystals also occur.
Zajacite is transparent with refractive indices of nω=1.483 and nε=1.503.
Chemically it is the sodium analogue of saltpeter.
Sunstone is a plagioclase feldspar, which when viewed from certain directions exhibits a spangled appearance.
It has also been reported from the Empire Mine in the Tombstone District of Cochise County, Arizona.
Mereheadite is a rare oxychloride that can be found with Mendipite at Merehead quarry, Cranmore, Somerset, in the United Kingdom.
Aluminite is used by tile and masonry workers to reduce the setting time of mortars.
It is frequently associated with minerals such as hardystonite, esperite, calcite, franklinite and willemite.
It was first described in 1954 for an occurrence at the La Sal No.
Hexamolybdenum was discovered in a small ultrarefractory inclusion within the Allende meteorite.
Davidite-(Ce)(Y,U)(Ti,Fe3+)20O38 first described in 1960 from Vemork, Iveland, Norway.
Associated minerals include quartz, feldspar, spodumene, amblygonite, tourmaline, columbite, cassiterite, topaz and beryl.
It is named for Jack Zektzer, mathematician and mineral collector of Seattle, Washington.
Valentinite crystallizes in the orthorhombic system and typically forms as radiating clusters of euhedral crystals or as fibrous masses.
The age of allanite grains that have not been destroyed by radiation can be determined using different techniques.
The color and properties derive from a structure that is a rhombohedral crystalline lattice belonging to the hexagonal crystal system, crystals that sometimes exhibit twinning.
Annite was first described in 1868 for the first noted occurrence in Cape Ann, Rockport, Essex County, Massachusetts, US.
Otwayite is green, with a hardness of 4, a specific gravity of 3.4, and crystallises in the orthorhombic system.
The fibers of ulexite act as optical fibers, transmitting light along their lengths by internal reflection.
The crystals are hair-brown in color and are translucent.
            
It occurs as blue to blue green tabular orthorhombic crystal aggregates in a secondary alkaline environment altering chalcosite.
Elbaite forms three series, with dravite, with fluor-liddicoatite, and with schorl.
This phosphate mineral has a simplified formula Fe3+3(PO4)2(OH)3·5H2O, which is the same formula of another non-amorphous phosphate mineral called allanpringite.
They are commonly known by their colors, as blue asbestos, brown asbestos, white asbestos, and green asbestos.
Salzburgite has a general empirical formula of Pb2Cu2Bi7S12 and an orthorhombic crystal structure.
                    3
Most bastnäsite is bastnäsite-(Ce), and cerium is by far the most common of the rare earths in this class of minerals.
Molybdenite is a mineral of molybdenum disulfide, MoS2.
The mineral was described by Abraham Gottlob Werner in 1805.
Osarizawaite is a greenish yellow sulfate mineral with the chemical formula: PbCuAl2(SO4)2(OH)6.
Tremolite forms a series with actinolite and ferro-actinolite.
It contains four relatively uncommon elements: antimony, niobium, tantalum, and tungsten.
It crystallizes in the orthorhombic system typically forming as stalactitic masses exhibiting good cleavage.
It has a Mohs hardness of 2.5 to 3.
It was used in such applications as electrical insulation for hotplate wiring and in building insulation.
Olivenite, mansfieldite, scorodite, azurite and malachite are found in association with zeunerite.
In 2015 an occurrence of reidite was reported from the Precambrian Stac Fada Member structure in North West Scotland, confirming its impact origin.
The solubility of water and the density of wadsleyite depend on the temperature and pressure in the Earth.
It is translucent to transparent with indices of refraction of nα = 1.461 nβ = 1.478 nγ = 1.485.
Switzerite is a part of the monoclinic space group P 21/a.
Yellow, orange and red zircon is also known as "hyacinth", from the flower hyacinthus, whose name is of Ancient Greek origin.
There is at least partial solid solution between trevorite and magnetite, with many magnetites from ultramafic rocks containing at least trace amounts of Ni.
Gordaite was also described from weathered slag deposits as a result of copper smelting in Hettstedt, Germany.
It normally occurs as translucent green radial or spherical clusters.
Local people have used the white mineral as a source of material for whitewashing buildings for centuries.
Typical formation environment is in serpentinized dolomitic limestones and contact metamorphosed skarns.
Arsenopyrite is found in high temperature hydrothermal veins, in pegmatites, and in areas of contact metamorphism or metasomatism.
It contains three axes of unequal length, not at right angles.
It is named after H. V. Ellsworth of the Canadian Geological Survey by Walker and Parsons.
It is usually massive and forms the bulk of the gemstone lapis lazuli.
Gugiaite is a melilite mineral, named for the Chinese village of Gugia where it was first discovered.
Chabazite crystallizes in the triclinic crystal system with typically rhombohedral shaped crystals that are pseudo-cubic.
It is found in active hot fumaroles on the volcano.
It was first described in 1982 for an occurrence in the Main Fracture of the Tolbachik volcano, Kamchatka Oblast, Russia.
Ericssonite is only found in the Langban mine in Sweden, associated with a metamorphic manganese orebody.
Calcium, frequently substitutes for manganese in the structure, leading to lighter shades of red and pink, depending on the degree of substitution.
Structurally, it is a "linear-chain" compound with alternating bonding and nonbonding contacts between the vanadium centers.
Commonly occurs in alkalic igneous rocks, nepheline syenites, carbonatites and pegmatites.
Its dark crystals with red internal reflections are in the isometric system hexoctahedral class, appearing as cubic, octahedral, or dodecahedral forms, or in combinations.
It forms variably green to yellow, translucent to transparent crystals in the monoclinic - prismatic crystal system.
It builds up a deposit within the machines and is a very hard mineral to clean out because it is resistant to ordinary techniques.
Blossite was named for mineralogist Donald F. Bloss of Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University.
It is clay-like with Mohs hardness of 2.5 and a specific gravity of 5.5.
It has a Mohs hardness of about 6.5 to 7.0 depending on the composition.
In spite of its nice color it is rarely used for jewelry because of its low Mohs hardness of 3.5 to 4.
It has a hardness of 4, a specific gravity of 5.82.
Diamond is less stable than graphite, but the conversion rate from diamond to graphite is negligible at standard conditions.
Gratonite was discovered in 1939 at the Excelsior Mine, Cerro de Pasco, Peru.
The arsenic of olivenite is sometimes partly replaced by a small amount of phosphorus, and in the species libethenite we have the corresponding copper phosphate Cu2PO4OH.
Pascoite is a mineral with formula Ca3V10O28·17H2O that is red-orange to yellow in color.
Minium is the naturally occurring form of lead tetroxide, Pb2+2Pb4+O4 also known as red lead.
It is a vitreous green to emerald green mineral crystallizing in the orthorhombic system.
The material is also used in fabrication of various optical components and as a substrate material for magneto–optical films.
This can be seen when one looks through the microscope with both polars crossed and sees the mineral change colors when it is rotated.
Associated minerals include prehnite, thomsonite, augite, chlorite and tremolite.
            
It is found in tin-bearing, hydrothermal vein deposits occurring with chalcopyrite, sphalerite, tetrahedrite, arsenopyrite, pyrite, cassiterite, and wolframite.
It is similar in appearance to hydrozincite, another zinc carbonate.
Macphersonite is generally white, colorless, or a pale amber in color and has a white streak.
The iron rich member of the illite group, glauconite, in sediments can be differentiated by x-ray analysis.
Sussexite also occurs in France, Italy, Namibia, North Korea, South Africa, Switzerland, and the US states of Michigan, New Jersey, Utah and Virginia.
Livingstonite is a mercury antimony sulfosalt mineral.
Baumhauerite is a rare lead sulfosalt mineral.
These flakes can get up to 0.2 mm across and around 5-10 µm thick.
Sylvite, along with quartz, fluorite and halite, is used for spectroscopic prisms and lenses.
Amarantite is an amaranth-red to brownish mineral with the general formula of 
Scientists classify diamonds into four main types according to the nature of crystallographic defects present.
It occurs in manganese-iron nodules on the Atlantic and Pacific Ocean floors.
It has also been reported from Tvedalen, Larvik, Vestfold, and Siktesøya Island, Langesundsfjord, Porsgrunn, Telemark, Norway.
Osumilite is part of the milarite group of cyclosilicates.
Erythrite was first described in 1832 for an occurrence in Grube Daniel, Schneeberg, Saxony, and takes its name from the Greek έρυθρος, meaning red.
The name kamiokite is derived from the locality, the Kamioka mine in Gifu Prefecture, Japan, where this mineral was first discovered in 1975.
Beryl is a mineral composed of beryllium aluminium cyclosilicate with the chemical formula Be3Al2(SiO3)6.
Loparite occurs as a primary phase in nepheline syenite intrusios and pegmatites.
It forms slender prismatic crystals which often form radiating or spherical clusters.
Microbial deposition of hydromagnesite is also reported from playas in British Columbia.
It crystallizes in the triclinic system typically occurring in radiated or fibrous crystalline masses.
