Emperor Hanazono was the 95th emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.
In violation of the oath, he had Eochaid mac Con Ulad Mac Duinn Sléibe, king of Ulaid, seized and blinded.
In 217 BC, she accompanied Ptolemy IV along with 55,000 troops at the Battle of Raphia in Palestine against Antiochus the Great with 68,000 troops.
Kato Kintu is not to be confused with Kintu, the first person on the earth according to Buganda legend.
Bahram II was the fifth Sasanian King of Persia in 274–293.
Pleuratus I was an Illyrian king of the Taulantii State.
It is also possible Talakhamani is a son of Malewiebamani.
In addition, he founded the Medjidieh, a precursor to the Khedivial Mail Line.
He was styled as His Exalted Highness H.E.H The Nizam of Hyderabad.
He was crowned in 1563, after the death of his half brother, Sayri Tupac.
Thereafter the fortunes of ʿAlāʾ al-Dīn and the dynasty declined.
Ghabdula Chelbir was ruler of Volga Bulgaria from 1178 to 1225.
Ahuitzotl was the eighth Aztec ruler, the Hueyi Tlatoani of the city of Tenochtitlan, son of princess Atotoztli II.
Abbas was succeeded by his son Muhammad ibn Abbas, who agreed to pay tribute to the Ghaznavids.
Askiya Muhammad Bonkana furbished the court splendidly, enlarging it, adorning it, and embellishing it with more courtiers than ever before.
The tribes of the Boii and Taurisci were destroyed early in his campaigns, further pursuing the conquest of the Bastarnae and probably Scordisci peoples.
Sir Wasif Ali died at the age of 84 at his Calcutta residence at 85 Park Street in Calcutta on 23 October 1959.
The northern and eastern areas of the country was then subjugated with many inhabitants of those regions inducted into the army.
He had two sons; Prince Phommathat and Prince Yu Khong.
Instead of Rajputs being the princly rulers, he got a chance to become a Jat ruler after demise of Fateh Singh.
Emperor Fushimi was the 92nd emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.
However, Abd al-Wahid was founded drowned in a pool in his palace in December of the same year.
He was the 23rd of the dynasty, the son and successor of Kurigalzu II, and reigned for twenty six years.
In 1225, he advanced to the outskirts of Constantinople, but his final attack against the seat of the much-reduced Latin Empire was delayed until 1230.
Tinomana Mereana Ariki was a sovereign of the Cook Islands.
He was the last known member of the Walashma dynasty.
Mahathammaracha III, born as Sai Lue Thai, was a king of the Sukhothai Kingdom.
Muhammad Shamsuddeen III's full coronation ceremony was not held until 27 July 1905.
Unfortunately for himself, his invasion of Dublin ended in utter failure, and he was executed by the English governor of the town.
His reign was characterized by the infiltration and surprise attack near his Kigali hill palace by the army of King Cwamali of Bunyoro in Uganda.
During his reign divine favours were bestowed, doors were opened, and blessings poured forth.
Casper came to power in August 435 at the age of 13 and ruled the city for 52 years.
He was the son of, and successor to Mahendravarman I.
Upon becoming emperor he took the name Marcus Aurelius Antoninus Augustus.
Their sister, Helena, married Béla II of Hungary.
Ali Khan Bayat was the fourth khan of the Maku Khanate from 1822 to 1866.
He received the hereditary title of Rai from the British government in November 1879.
His captains, Apu Mayta and Vicaquirau, subdued the area within 8 leagues of Cuzco.
Chimalpopoca was the third king of Tenochtitlan.
For the duration of his 43-year reign, Lan Xang did not fight a single battle.
Muhammad ibn Abbas was the king of the Ghurid dynasty.
He eventually united the local Turkic tribes and threw off the yoke of the Rouran domination.
In a frieze he is depicted receiving the royal scepter from the founder of the dynasty K'inich Yax K'uk' Mo'.
Over the succeeding decades, the Clann Domhnaill chiefship came to be permanently occupied by the descendants of Aonghus Óg.
After the Laotian Civil War in 1975, he and his family were arrested by the Pathet Lao and sent to re-education camps, where they died.
"Casper", also known as 11 Rabbit,, was an ajaw of the Maya city of Palenque from August 9, 435 to 487.
Asela was the youngest of the many sons of Mutasiva and brother of previous monarchs Devanampiya Tissa, Uttiya and Mahasiva.
The Roupenian dynasty ruled Cilician Armenia until 1219.
In both of Boperachchi's reconstructions, Antimachus II was succeeded by Menander I who inherited three of his four monograms.
During his reign his kingdom extended to Euboea, Magnesia, Thessaly and its environs, excluding Dolopia and possibly Peparethos and Achaea Phthiotis.
The information about him has been inferred from Frank M. Cross’s reconstruction of Josephus’s citation of the Phoenician author Menander of Ephesus, in Against Apion i.18.
Being dark, he entered the city un-noticed and took the city without resistance.
Priscus, known from an unpublished senatus consultum of AD 20.
He usurped the throne from Ardashir III, and was killed by Sasanian nobles after forty days.
Abu'l-Abbas Ahmad ibn Ibrahim, known by the regnal name al-Mustansir was Marinid Sultan of Morocco from 1374 to 1384.
He was the grandson of Vlad III Dracula.
However, Aurangzeb, had to raise the siege and rush to the north for the war of succession to the Mughal throne.
For this reason he is sometimes referred as semi legendary ruler in Latvian historiography.
Bahram III, was the sixth Sassanid King of Persia and son of Bahram II.
He also confiscated from Bunyoro a breed of goats known as "Ihene z'Akamenesho".
Abu Tahir Yazid was sixth independent Shah of Shirvan and third Shah of Layzan.
Though the king punished the guilty, the inscription says, he had an ocean of compassion for the innocent.
He is chiefly known for his war in Sicily against Dionysius I of Syracuse.
He was also the ruler of Roman Dalmatia from 468 to 480.
Emperor Go-Ichijō was the 68th emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.
The southernmost city of the Ardiaean State of Gentius was Lissus, a situation established since the First Illyrian War.
As the founder of the newly formed Bijapur dynasty, Yusuf Adil Shah is credited with developing the town of Bijapur and elevating it to significant status.
He succeeded his son Dharmasoka, who was installed as king of Polonnaruwa, and was succeeded by Queen Lilavati.
In 1373 Louis I took Severin again but the Vlachs recovered it in 1376–1377.
Manuel established a Byzantine protectorate over the Crusader states of Outremer.
Ealdwulf was king of East Anglia from 663 to around 713.
Ahmose-Nefertari of Ancient Egypt was the first Queen of the 18th Dynasty.
Modu, Modun, or Maodun was the fourth known Xiongnu ruler[1] and the founder of the Xiongnu Empire.
Ciniod was king of the Picts, in modern Scotland, ruling circa 843.
The Paeonians have continually rebelled against the Macedonians and entered into anti-Macedonian alliances for independence.
Seeking to overthrow the Emperor Maximinus Thrax, he died in battle outside of Carthage.
He ruled the Lithuanians and Ruthenians from 1345 to 1377.
His own son was entrusted with the administration of Ruhuna.
Ironically his son, Mithrenes, Satrap of Lydia, had joined king Alexander III The Great after being defeated at Sardis in 334 BC.
Dunham and Macadam, as well as Török, mentions that Aramatle-qo used the following prenomen and nomen:Prenomen: WadjkareNomen: Aramatle-qo
In 1623, Chey Chettha allowed the Vietnamese to set up a custom house at Prey Nokor, in order to collect taxes.
He ruled until his death in 1571, probably of pneumonia.
Nasir Khan Shahsevan was the second khan of the Ardabil Khanate from 1763 to 1808, He and his brother's was the khan jointly.
He organised a series of military campaigns against tributary territories of his large empire.
The three oldest surviving sources also agree that Gaumata/Pseudo-Smerdis/Sphendadates is overthrown by Darius and others in a coup d'état, and that Darius then ascends the throne.
In particular little is known of the history of John's domestic rule or policies.
His accession was engineered by the Nasrid dynasty of the Emirate of Granada.
He is commemorated as a Saint in the Orthodox Church, with his feast day on January 20.
His empire grew in the Punjab region under his leadership through 1839.
Before adoption to the Gadi of Kolhapur, he was the Maharaja of Dewas State from 1937–1947.
Musa ibn Faris was a disabled son of the former Sultan Abu Inan Faris.
Enlil-nādin-aḫe, “Enlil gives a brother,” or Enlil-šuma-uṣur, “Enlil protect the son,” depending on the reading of –MU-ŠEŠ, ca.
Timur Shah Durrani, was the second ruler of the Durrani Empire, from October 16, 1772 until his death in 1793.
The primary information related to Baal-Eser II comes from Josephus's citation of the Phoenician author Menander of Ephesus, in Against Apion i.18.
4, 5, where he is called Theodotus; Strabo xi.
Mihnea II Turcitul was Prince of Walachia between September 1577 and July 1583, and again from April 1585 to May 1591.
He and the other chiefs at first pressured the administration through letters, petitions, and legal arguments, but these were ignored or rebutted.
Mihailo Obrenović was Prince of Serbia from 1839 to 1842 and again from 1860 to 1868.
This ambition was expressed by the partial recovery of the territories of the defunct western Roman Empire.
In 337 BC, Philip's aim was to subdue the Autariatae State under Pleurias, during his Balkan campaigns.
Yusuf ibn Abi'l Saj was the Sajid amir of Azerbaijan from 901 until his death.
The first critical translation, performed by professional scholars, was published in Kazan in 1825.
He was succeeded by Ferdinand of Bavaria.
Next year he married to Pari Khan Khanum, daughter of Tahmasp I.
Najafqulu Khan II was the Second khan of the Tabriz Khanate from 1784 to 1786.
By May or June of that year, Óspakr's fleet reached the heart of the Hebrides where it is recorded to have swollen to eighty ships.
During 1102-1106 took place a fratricidal war for the supremacy, in which Zbigniew suffered a complete defeat and was forced to go into exile in Germany.
Ghiyath al-Din Muhammad, was sultan of the Ghurid dynasty from 1163 to 1202.
He is presumed to have died later that year.
Shapur's cousin Zruanduxt married the King Khosrov IV of Armenia.
He was the fourth Safavid Shah of Iran and succeeded his brother, Ismail II.
During one of such campaigns in 1072, Alp Arslan was fatally wounded and died only a few days later.
He was the son of the thirteenth Sultan, Sultan Sulaiman Badrul Alam Shah and the legitimate heir to the throne of Terengganu.
Nasr II, nicknamed "the Fortunate", was the ruler of Transoxiana and Khurasan as the head of the Samanid dynasty from 914 to 943.
Topa Inca belonged to the Qhapaq panaca.
Their children were: Ptolemy IV Philopator, Magas, Lysimachus, Alexander, Arsinoe III, and Berenice.
Other chronologies place his reign in 701–718 or 700–721, but cannot be reconciled with the testimony of the Imennik.
Although, the Jin army pursued him into southern Mongolia, Khabul escaped and returned with a larger army to pillage the Jin dynasty .
Ismail was also a prolific poet who, under the pen name Khaṭāʾī, contributed greatly to the literary development of the Azerbaijani language.
Allegedly, Sultan Ali was too much in debt and had been too close to the Japanese during their occupation.
Artaxias reigned until his death in 35.
His predecessor Talakhamani was either an older brother or an uncle.
En'yū's reign spanned the years from 969 through 984.
Anushirvan ibn Lashkari was the son and successor of Lashkari ibn Musa and briefly the seventh emir of the Shaddadids at Ganja in 1049.
He was eventually succeeded by his nephew Arghun Khan.
He compiled a new code that was supposed to be based on Yekhe Zasag of Genghis Khan.
Cyaxares was the third and most capable king of Media, according to Herodotus, with a far greater military reputation than his father Phraortes or grandfather Deioces.
He was the successor and son of Qarin I.
However, he did not succeed in this because of a popular uprising by Habibullah Kalakani and his followers.
Peter II, born Theodor, also known as Theodor-Peter was the first emperor of the restored Bulgarian Empire from 1185 to 1197.
It does seem that Darius II was quite dependent on his wife Parysatis.
Thus, they murdered Adur Narseh, blinded one of his brothers and forced another brother to flee.
Aramaic inscriptions found at Armavir state that King Orontes IV died at the hands of his own army, in other words by betrayal from Artaxias I.
Aggabodhi IV was King of Anuradhapura in the 7th century, whose reign lasted from 673 to 689.
His base of operations was the stronghold his father built at Vlaardingen.
In about 986, Abbo of Fleury wrote of his life and martyrdom.
In person he was stout and well formed; in disposition he was gay and liberal; but his enemies reproached him with rashness, violence, and brutal passions."
He made peace with the Ottoman Empire in 1446 or 1447, which contributed to the deterioration of his relationship with Hunyadi.
In 394 he led a Gothic force of 20,000 that helped the Eastern Roman Emperor Theodosius defeat the Frankish usurper Arbogast at the Battle of Frigidus.
The dating of his reign has been much disputed but he seems to have ruled after the defeat of Gentius in 168 BC, by the Romans.
The war with Vietnam caused chaos in Lan Xang followed by many attempts by royals to seize the throne.
However, he did succeed in damaging Menkaure's Pyramid.
In the field of architecture, he continued development of the Morava school.
Portuguese utilized this opportunity and fought with Kasi Nayinar, and he was imprisoned.
Tiberius was the only son of the Byzantine emperor Justinian II, and his only child by his second wife Theodora of Khazaria, whom he married ca.
It needs some researches to clarify the life of the von Hillenbrand family in Zolochiv.
Gwrgan ruled until about AD 645 when his sons, Caradog and Morgan, should have inherited the throne of Ergyng.
In 1738, Nader Shah set out on campaign to Afghanistan and India, leaving his son Reza Qoli Mirza to rule his realm in his absence.
However the Chronicle was compiled in the 13th century and so the contradictory parentage is considered a mistake.
He is commonly credited with founding the city of Gondar in 1636, establishing it as Ethiopia's capital.
Jeongjong of Joseon, born Yi Bang-gwa, whose changed name is Yi Gyeong, was the second king of Joseon Dynasty.
Jjunju Sendegeya was Kabaka of the Kingdom of Buganda from 1780 until 1797.
Her installation as God's Wife is shown on a block from Dira Abu’l Naga.
Alexios II Komnenos or Alexius II Comnenus was Byzantine emperor from 1180 to 1183.
He was born with the title of His Royal Highness Prince Yi Gong.
Ibn Fadlan, an Arab traveller, referred to Almış as "the king of Saqaliba".
According to Barthold Georg Niebuhr, "The name Elagabalus is branded in history above all others" because of his "unspeakably disgusting life".
Emperor Ōjin, also known as Homutawake or Hondawake, was the 15th emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.
Yahya ibn Muhammad was the fifth Idrisid ruler and sultan of Morocco.
He succeeded after the abdication of his cousin, 8 March 1889, but died from alcoholism, c. 8 July 1890.
Sultan Alauddin Ri'ayat Syah Sayyid al-Mukammal was the tenth Sultan of Aceh in northern Sumatra, ruling in 1589-1604.
During his reign, Cusco grew from a hamlet into an empire that could compete with, and eventually overtake, the Chimú.
Mozaffar ad-Din Shah Qajar, was the fifth Qajar king of Persia.
He died in 1937 at the age of 54.
Arikhankharer died fairly young and was succeeded as crown-prince by his brother Arikakahtani.
Africa returned to imperial allegiance after his death and the Arabs' withdrawal, but the foundations of Byzantine rule there had been fatally undermined.
In spite of the controversies, Yeongjo's reign has earned a positive reputation in Korean history due to his sincere efforts to rule by Confucian virtue.
Stephen's long rule represented a period of stability in the history of Moldavia.
The coins were found in the Netherlands at Escharen in nearby Arnhem and also in England.
Abu Zakariya was succeeded by his nephew, Ali ibn Yusuf, in 1448.
Lý Cao Tông, born Lý Long Trát, courtesy name Long Cán, was the seventh emperor of the Lý dynasty, ruling for 35 years.
The mothers would rule and create their sons as rulers, but they also deposed their own sons too.
In 1230 Óláfr fled to Norway to seek military assistance against Alan and members of Clann Somairle.
But He deposed and imprisoned with his Rani for opposing the Dalavayis, 10 June 1734.
Tabekenamun was a Nubian queen dated to the Twenty-fifth Dynasty of Egypt.
He was the son and successor of Abu'l-Aswar Shavur ibn Fadl.
During this peaceful time, Mahinda devoted his efforts to further the religion and the welfare of his subjects for the remainder of his reign.
11 reservoirs and 12 canals were constructed during his reign.
Daniyal Mirza was an Imperial Prince of the Mughal Empire who served as the Viceroy of Deccan.
Xerxes II only ruled for forty-five days.
Manuel III Megas Komnenos was Emperor of Trebizond from March 20, 1390 to his death in 1417.
Prince Kinashi no Karu was the first son of his father.
Heraclius drove the Persians out of Asia Minor and pushed deep into their territory, defeating them decisively in 627 at the Battle of Nineveh.
Ragnall's allotment appears to have been in the southern Hebrides and Kintyre.
In 806 a Muslim army of 135,000 men invaded the Empire.
Abu al-Ula al-Wathiq Idris, known as Abu Dabbus, was an Almohad caliph who reigned in Marrakesh from 1266 until his death.
He was assassinated by his minister Vasudeva Kanva and is said to have been overfond of the company of women.
In Greek legends, Procles was one of the Heracleidae, a great-great-great-grandson of Heracles, and a son of Aristodemus and Argia.
He was suffect consul in 106 with Quintus Licinius Silvanus Granianus Quadronius Proculus was his colleague.
Centwine is reported to have abdicated and become a monk.
The name Constantine became established in later Byzantine texts as short for the Emperor and has become standard in modern historiography.
The most important wars under his reign were the Lazic War which was fought over Colchis and the Byzantine–Sasanian War of 572–591.
He succeeded Unhanagara Hatthadatha as King of Anuradhapura and was succeeded by his son Aggabodhi V.
During the reign of Abdullah Khan, Abdul Karim Khan was the ruler of Kashgaria, to the east in present-day Xinjiang.
The Romans abandoned plans of mounting an invasion against Dacia.
Ahmad of Shirvan was the eighth Shah of Shirvan and fourth Shah of Layzan.
His reign saw the beginning of Gajah Mada's rise as an important figure in the empire.
'When my father heard this, he was beside himself and said, "How dare those people intrude into my country without my authorisation and permission?
The name, Mutnedjmet, translates as: The sweet Mut.
Baeda Maryam III, also known as Bida Maryam, was Emperor of Ethiopia for a few days in April 1826.
After the king's death, a successor was said to be shortly revealed.
According to a Greek source, Diodorus of Sicily, Bagoas poisoned Artaxerxes, but a cuneiform tablet suggests that the king died from natural causes.
In 195 BC, he was at the head of the Lacedaemonian exiles, who joined Titus Quinctius Flamininus in his attack upon Nabis, the tyrant of Lacedaemon.
Casimir IV's successor, John I Albert, wanted to grant Moldavia to his younger brother, Sigismund, but Stephen's diplomacy prevented him from invading Moldavia for years.
It places 15 major crimes under federal jurisdiction if they occur on Native territory, even if both perpetrator and victim are Native American.
In the following years, the Mongols invaded Bulgaria and imposed a yearly tax on the country.
Protests against Ben Aarafa helped lead to Moroccan independence, which was agreed to between France and Mohammed V in 1955.
Peter I was a ruler of the Miskito kingdom, 1729–1739.
He supported the succession of Otto III over Henry the Wrangler.
He left for Caquia Xaquixahuana, taking his illegitimate sons, Inca Urco and Inca Socso.
Tamelerdeamani was buried at Meroe, at either Beg.
His name seems to include the Aramaic prefix "Abd" which means slave.
At the time the Donghu or 'Eastern Barbarians' were very powerful and the Yuezhi were flourishing.
Dirk's daughter Ada inherited the County of Holland in 1203.
He promised support to the leaders of the Three Nations of Transylvania against Matthias Corvinus, King of Hungary, in 1467.
Aggabodhi V was King of Anuradhapura in the 8th century, whose reign lasted from 726 to 732.
Floris fought against the Stedingers north of Bremen in 1234.
Orontes I Sakavakyats was the first Orontid king of Armenia, reigning in the period between 570 BC – 560 BC.
He was the 32nd Mughal ruler in Assam.
Kapes was a wife of Pharaoh Takelot I and the mother of Pharaoh Osorkon II.
He was an astute politician and a highly successful businessman.
As king, Philip was noted to be both wise and courageous.
The exact date of his ascension is the subject of some confusion.
Nasrullah Khan, sometimes spelt as Nasr Ullah Khan, was shahzada of Afghanistan and second son of Emir Abdur Rahman Khan.
He was the founder of the "Sargonic" or "Old Akkadian" dynasty, which ruled for about a century after his death, until the Gutian conquest of Sumer.
He is otherwise relatively insignificant, and was not involved in the affairs of state to any degree.
Æthelhere was King of East Anglia from 653 or 654 until his death.
The original Malcolm Canmore, a name now associated with his great-grandfather Malcolm III, he succeeded his grandfather David I, and shared David's Anglo-Norman tastes.
His reign is a relatively accurately documented era of Late Antiquity, in particular by the historian Theophylact Simocatta.
He founded the Johor Sultanate following the fall of Malacca to the Portuguese in 1511.
Elected "king" around 398 BC, Himilco then led the Carthaginian effort against Dionysius from that date.
Oldman, King of the Miskito Nation from c. 1650 until his death in 1687, was the son of a Miskito leader whose name is not recorded.
Baraq was Khan of the Golden Horde from 1422 to 1427.
Gerolf's main area of power seems to have been in Kennemerland.
Alan first appears in courtly circles in about 1200, about the time he inherited his father's possessions and offices.
Nakibinge Kagali was Kabaka of the Kingdom of Buganda, between 1524 and 1554 AD.
The Emperor Tervel is a Bulgarian Saint, painted in many medieval and renaissance frescoes in many churches and monasteries in Bulgaria.
His entire reign was during a 6 month siege of Baku by the Safavid Shah Ismail I.
His name appears on a copper medallion and a fragment of masonry.
Vira Parakrama Narendra Sinha was the last Sinhalese King of Sri Lanka of the Kingdom of Kandy.
He was the son of Radu Mihnea, who also was a Hospodar.
Little is known of his life or his reign.
He tried to repair the schism in the Christian church in regard to the Monophysites, by promoting a compromise doctrine called Monothelitism.
On one occasion, some Epirotes were dressed with Illyrian clothes and were put them to plunder their own sites.
He also held the title of Albanian-slayer.
From the Gallic invasions of Dardania, the Dardanians are not heard of for four decades; probably trying to extinguish the consequences the Celts had left behind.
In 1270 he won the Battle of Karuse, fought on ice near Saaremaa, and killed Otto von Lutterberg, master of the Order.
Yazid named his brother Ibrahim as his successor.
He was the son of Peibio Clafrog.
Iddin-Dagān reigned for 21 years He is best known for his participation in the sacred marriage rite and the risqué hymn that described it.
In 1465, the Mongol nobles openly went to war against each other in their power struggle and Markörgis Ükegtü Khan was killed as a result.
Dirk II or Theoderic II was Count in Frisia and Holland.
Moreover, the support of the curia now heightened the hope of some practical result.
From his conquests to expand the kingdom to a bloody civil war, Alexander's reign has been generalized as cruel and oppressive with never ending conflict.
Dan I was prince of Wallachia from 1383 to 1386.
In excerpts from Ctesias some harem intrigues are recorded, in which he played a disreputable part.
He was succeeded by his brother, Eriba-Adad I, the first king of the Middle Assyrian period.
The Adil Shahi dynasty thus came to an end.
He was the son of Lesana Krestos, who was the brother of Sarsa Dengel.
Ward is renowned for his waxed moustache which he liked to twirl often gave the lie to his many disguises and his affairs with servant girls
Kashta was a king of the Kushite Dynasty and the successor of Alara.
Mahinda consulted monks and the wise men of the realm at Thuparama and on their advice advanced to Ruhuna to finally rid the country of Dappula.
In 1252, Alexander Nevsky met with Sartaq at Sarai.
Mohammed V's grandson now reigns in Morocco as Mohammed VI, ignoring the reign of Ben Aarafa by using the same regnal number.
Ali Yusuf Kenadid (Somali: Cali Yuusuf Keenadiid was a Somali ruler.
He was a contemporary of the Egyptian Pharaoh Akhenaten.
His sons were kings Chimalpilli II and Cuauhtémoc and he also had one daughter.
He fought two destructive civil wars, in which he defeated the usurpers Magnus Maximus and Eugenius at great cost to the power of the empire.
Dirk's date of birth is unknown but it was probably ca.
Tribes that did not want to recognise a non-eligible leader either revolted against him, or left the area under his control.
Alan was the last legitimate ruler of Galloway, descending from the native dynasty of Fergus, Lord of Galloway.
Napki Malka was a Nezak king of the 6th-7th century, and possibly the founder of a dynasty bearing the same name.
Askia Ishaq I was ruler of the Songhai Empire from 1539 to 1549, elected Askia following the death of Askiya Ismail.
Ramapalawas the successor to the Pala king Shurapala II, and fifteenth ruler of the Pala line.
Vlad began a purge among the Wallachian boyars to strengthen his position.
Samsu-iluna was the seventh king of the founding Amorite dynasty of Babylon, ruling from 1750 BC to 1712 BC, or from 1686 to 1648 BC.
In less than one century, his khaganate expanded to comprise most of Central Asia.
Some say Jeongjo is one of the most successful and visionary rulers of the Joseon Dynasty.
In historiography, his realm has been referred to as Dalmatian Croatia, where he was succeeded by Mislav.
Ranjit Singh successfully absorbed and united the Sikh misls and took over other local kingdoms to create the Sikh Empire.
He was incompetent, however, and reigned only until his murder by his younger brother al-Fadhl ibn Muhammad in 985.
Ahmad Khan Bayat was the first khan of the Maku Khanate from 1747 to 1778.
He restored and built new tanks, revived Buddhist festivals and repaired Temples and made liberal offerings to them.
Muhammad Bonkana went blind before he died in around 1559.
Kaliman Asen I, also known as Coloman Asen I or Koloman was emperor of Bulgaria from 1241 to 1246.
Kaykaus II or Kayka'us II was the sultan of the Seljuqs of Rûm from 1246 until 1257.
His son Artaxias II was elected as successor.
During Alexios' campaign against the Serbians in 1094 Constantine dined and entertained the emperor at his own expense.
So it came to pass that upon his death in 1287, his grandson Qaiqubad was nominated sultan, undermining the achievements of his grandfather.
He visited them on a rotating basis, and they entertained him with exciting stories.
Mohammad was finally overthrown in a coup in favour of his son Shah Abbas I.
Falak al-Ma'ali Manuchihr, better known as Manuchihr, was the ruler of the Ziyarids.
Badan Singh aligned with Jai Singh II of Jaipur to avoid the anger of Mohkam Singh.
Dagobert II was the king of Austrasia, the son of Sigebert III and Chimnechild of Burgundy.
Several years later, Bolesław skillfully took advantage of the dynastic disputes in Bohemia to ensure peace on the south-west border.
Abu Taleb Rostam, known as Majd al-Dawla, was the Buyid emir of Rayy, a city in Iran.
Darius II became the sole ruler of the Persian Empire and reigned until 404 BC.
Cottius later honored his patron with a triumphal arch in his capital of Segusio.
He had the Giralda in Seville built as well as Koutoubia in Marrakech and Hassan Tower in Rabat.
His cousin Aggabodhi was the sub king and was administering the east of the country.
King Asela defeated them and re-established the kingdom as a Sinhalese monarchy.
Gwrgan probably fled Ergyng when his inheritance was seized by Gwrfoddw Hen.
Prior to his rise, the Punjab region had numerous warring misls, twelve of which were under Sikh rulers and one Muslim.
Conquering Pune resulted in Yashwant Rao Holkar in charge of the administration and made some constructive steps to rebuild the Maratha Empire.
However, the coffin copied by Wilkinson is rectangular and not decorated with figures of gods.
His son Dappula succeeded him as King Dappula II.
His full title was Mulena Yomuhulu Mbumu wa Litunga.
"'Titu Cusi Yapanqui, 'An Inca Account of the Conquest of Peru'
There are difficulties with this position, however, and several earlier dates for the birth of Songtsän Gampo have been suggested, including 569, 593 or 605.
The Seven Beauties were princesses, which—in Nizami's imagination—became Bahram's wives and received each their own residence in his palace.
Oswiu died in 670 and was succeeded by his son, Ecgfrith.
He was a son of B'alam Nehn, the 7th ruler.
Kumara Dhatusena was King of Anuradhapura in the 6th century, whose reign lasted from 515 to 524.
At that time, Durrës was governed by a tight oligarchy that appointed a ruling magistrate.
Raja Shivaji was the only surviving son of Serfoji II when the latter died in 1832.
Needing large sums to increase his military forces, he set himself with great energy to increase the Empire's revenue.
Rao Shri Bhojraj Singh Ji Saheb, was born in 1567, Rao Bhojraj Ji was the ruler of Udaipurwati 1621/1640.
Stela 39, which was discovered by archaeologists in the Mundo Perdido complex, was produced to commemorate the K'atun ending in 376.
He forced leading members of Rome's government to participate in religious rites celebrating this deity, over which he personally presided.
This is the easternmost inscription of the Meroitic kings found so far.
Ala al-Din Atsiz, was Sultan of the Ghurid dynasty from 1213 to 1214.
Tlacacuitlahuatzin was the first ruler of Tiliuhcan, a pre-Columbian Tepanec altepetl near Tlacopan.
Azarmidokht was Sasanian queen of Persia from to 630 to 631, and daughter of Khosrow II.
He was the son and successor of Arikesari Maravarman.
He was the eldest son of emperor Michael III Shishman and Anna Neda of Serbia, a daughter of King Stefan Uroš II Milutin of Serbia.
Sambandar is said to have cured his hunched back, after which he was known as Sundara Pandya.
He was succeeded by his son, Arsames I.
He is also mentioned as "Tumen" of the Rouran Khaganate.
Aide-de-camp to Grand Duke Michael Nikolaevich of Russia 1866.
Mitso Asen or Micho Asen was the emperor of Bulgaria from 1256 until 1257.
While he was crown-prince the temple at Amada was constructed.
The Histrians killed their women and children and threw them from the city walls while at the same time fought the Romans.
He was the grandson of Abba Jifar II.
Kadašman-Turgu reigned during momentous times, but seems to have played only a peripheral role.
Floris III of Holland, Count of Holland from 1157 to 1190.
Constantine IX Monomachos, Latinized as Constantine IX Monomachus, reigned as Byzantine emperor from June 11, 1042 to January 11, 1055.
Wallia's daughter married Rechila, King of the Suevi, and was the mother of Ricimer and the mother in law of Gundowech, King of the Burgundians.
Sher Ali Khan(c. 1825 – February 21, 1879) was Amir of Afghanistan from 1863 to 1866 and from 1868 until his death in 1879.
Philip II won a fierce battle with him in 344 BC although Philip sustained a wound during his pursuit of Pleuratus.
Endubis was a King of the Kingdom of Aksum in East Africa modern day Ethiopia and Eritrea.
He fought with George, Duke of Saxony over Friesland and Groningen.
George closely cooperated with Casimir III of Poland against his Lithuanian kinsmen who had occupied parts of the Kingdom of Galicia–Volhynia.
Shahji ruled the Indian city of Satara and the surrounding Satara district from 1839 until 1848.
His father had befriended Lisan al-Din bin al-Khatib, former vizier of Muhammed V of Granada, and during Muhammad bin Abd al-Aziz's rule al-Khatib was safe.
The shah is described as being of a peaceful disposition.
Nicholas Alexander was a Prince of Wallachia between 1352 and November 1364, after having been associate ruler to his father Basarab I.
From Galilee his territory extended east to Trachonitis.
Gelawdewos was Emperor of Ethiopia, and a member of the Solomonic dynasty.
Her sister-in-law was Empress consort to Leo I and mother to Ariadne.
Ælle was the first king recorded by the 8th century chronicler Bede to have held "imperium", or overlordship, over other Anglo-Saxon kingdoms.
Umar Din was a Sultan of the Sultanate of Adal.
The messengers answered, "Lord, these people cannot but be gods, for they claim to have come by the wind.
This story was immensely popular in antiquity and later in Hellenistic times, and many versions of the tale circulated around the rim of the western Mediterranean.
Ratan Singh was the ruling Maharaja of the princely state of Bharatpur from 1768 to 1769.
Rajendravarman II was the king of the Khmer Empire, from 944 to 968.
He was officially crowned at Nukuʻalofa, on 17 March 1893.
Bithiah left Egypt with Moses during the mass Exodus of the children of Israel.
Vladimir-Rasate was the ruler of the First Bulgarian Empire from 889 to 893.
Artavasdes II was a King of the Kingdom of Armenia from 54 BC until 34 BC and a member of the Artaxiad Dynasty.
Big Bear, also known as Mistahi-maskwa, was a powerful and popular Cree chief who played many pivotal roles in Canadian history.
Almış iltäbär was the first Muslim ruler of Volga Bulgaria.
A son of Tiglath-Pileser III, he came to power relatively late in life, possibly by usurping the throne from his older brother, Shalmaneser V.
Prince Kinashi no Karu was a Japanese prince.
He was then succeeded by his nephew Ali III.
Artabanus III served as a King of Media Atropatene and later as King of Parthia.
He was captured by the Toniná in 711 and was possibly executed by their leader, K'inich Baaknal Chaak or was later restored to his kingship.
Yazid bin Abd al-Malik or Yazid II was an Umayyad Caliph who ruled from 720 until his death in 724.
Bahram Beg was the 37th Shirvanshah, and ruled over Shirvan under Safavid suzerainty.
Thereafter, he held office as Rajpramukh of Rajasthan between 1949 and 1956.
After 30 days the three sagis unanimously offered the throne to the Buginese commander of the fortress in the capital, Maharaja Lela.
Prince Heinrich of Bavaria was a member of the Bavarian Royal House of Wittelsbach.
Óspakr, who also known as Hákon, was a King of the Isles.
Maximus was killed during the events culminating in the sack of Rome by the Vandals in 455.
Justin II was Eastern Roman Emperor from 565 to 574.
Tiberius was Byzantine co-emperor from 659 to 681.
Ibrahim ibn Ilyas was a Samanid ruler of Herat.
At the end, he was removed from power by a local uprising that led to his son Puviraja Pandaram taking nominal power from him.
He was the third son of Nizam-ul-Mulk, Asaf Jah I, Nizam of the Deccan.
The royal chronicles also do not relay his deeds during his brief tenure atop the throne.
Khamerernebty I was an ancient Egyptian queen of the 4th dynasty.
According to the Rabatak inscription, he was the great grandfather of the great Kushan king Kanishka I.
He didn't turn away from the sins of Jeroboam.
Thurisind was king of the Gepids, an East Germanic Gothic people, from c. 548 to 560.
Warfare lasted until 1000, when a peace treaty was concluded guaranteeing Aleppo's continued existence as a buffer state between the two powers.
Ardashir II, was the eleventh Sassanid King of Persia from 379 to 383.
The 14th and current Dalai Lama is Tenzin Gyatso.
He was the son and successor of Khusrau-Shah.
Kanishka is estimated to have accessed to the throne in AD 127 by Falk.
After the treaty, Nameisis went to Lithuania to fight crusaders in Christburg, East Prussia together with duke Traidenis.
Their continuous invasions forced the Macedonian king, Amyntas III, to pay them tribute in 372 BC.
The Battle of Posada ended Hungarian suzerainty in Wallachia, and the first independent Romanian principality was consequently founded.
Amyntas IV was a titular king of Macedonia in 359 BC and member of the Argead dynasty.
Quintus Cloelius Siculus was a Roman Republican politician and patrician during the beginning of the 5th century BC.
Kapeliele "Gabriel" Faupala was the 51st Lavelua of Wallis Island, one of the three traditional kingdoms which comprise the French overseas territory of Wallis and Futuna.
During a relatively peaceful reign Abdallah succeeded in warding off both the Spanish and the Turks and in consolidating the sovereignty of the Saadians over Morocco.
He succeeded Anula as King of Anuradhapura and was succeeded by his son Bhatikabhaya Abhaya.
Succeeding on the death of his father Sultan Ahmad, under his reign Terengganu became a British protectorate by the Anglo-Siamese Treaty of 1909.
Hunyadi invaded Wallachia, forcing Vlad to flee from Târgoviște in late November, where he was killed at a nearby village.
Coinage of Appoloniain the same period bore only his monogram, as well as symbols similar to those of the Aetolian Laeague, an adversary of Epirus.
Prince Cyril Toumanoff considers Arsames II to be the same person as Arsames I.
Some followers consider dan Fodio to have been a mujaddid, a divinely inspired "reformer of Islam".
Meroitic inscriptions give Amanirenas the title of qore as well as kandake suggesting that she was a ruling queen.
He is known to have served as Crown Prince.
Mutara III Rudahigwa was King of Rwanda between 1931 and 1959.
Maurice was Eastern Roman Emperor from 582 to 602.
Zulfaqar Khan Afshar was the first khan of the Zanjan Khanate from 1747 to 1780.
In the course of an attempted invasion of Zwide's territory, Dingiswayo was captured and put to death by Zwide.
Susenyos I was Emperor of Ethiopia from 1606 to 1632.
He was the successor and son of Bahram V and reigned from 438 to 457.
He was the son of Hormizd IV and the grandson of Khosrow I.
In 1237, Óláfr died and was succeeded by his elder son, Haraldr, who later drowned in 1248.
While still captive he was overthrown in a palace coup, and when released he was quickly defeated and detained by members of the Doukas family.
David Livingstone, in his autobiography, referred to Mzilikazi as the second most impressive leader he encountered on the African continent.
Tuda Mengu, also known as Tode Mongke, Tudamongke, was khan of the Golden Horde, division of the Mongol Empire from 1280-1287.
One of her children are known to us, Ramesses VI, who succeeded his nephew Ramesses V, the short-lived son of Ramesses IV.
John I Axouchos was Emperor of Trebizond from 1235 to 1238.
Magnus Maximus was Western Roman Emperor from 383 to 388.
Honorius then incited the Roman population to massacre tens of thousands of wives and children of foederati Goths serving in the Roman military.
Aravan was a ruler of Armenia, a member of the Albiburlian family.
News of Haraldr's demise appears to have reached Mann by the spring of 1249, whereupon his younger brother, Rǫgnvaldr, succeeded to the kingship.
Emperor Konoe was the 76th emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.
Hushang was the 32nd ruler of Shirvan and last member of the Kasranid branch of House of Shirvanshah.
He died in 563 or 565 and was succeeded by his son, Alboin, who brought the Lombards into Italia.
He succeeded his father Kassapa IV as King of Anuradhapura and was succeeded by his son Dappula IV.
Talakhamani was a Kushite King of Meroe during the second half of the 5th century BCE.
He was a gifted military leader and educated in accountancy as well as literate in Persian and Marathi.
Pausanias of Macedon, was successor of Archelaus II.
761 – 748 BC, and ruled during a time of great civil unrest.
These pieces are now in the Egyptian Museum of Berlin and in the Egyptian Museum of Munich.
He ended his days living in a small apartment.
This perhaps happened most clearly during the Congress of Gniezno, which resulted in the establishment of a Polish church structure with a Metropolitan See at Gniezno.
He is considered to be one of the most powerful rulers of Delhi Sultanate.
Bopearachchi dates him to c. 80–65 BCE, and R. C. Senior to c. 85–65 BCE.
Donnchad mac Domnaill Remair, also known as Donnchadh mac Domhnall Reamhair, was a late-eleventh-century ruler the kingdoms of Leinster and Dublin.
In 1942 the Department of War annexed 341,725 acres of the reservation for use as an aerial gunnery and bombing range.
She was married to a Greek prince and they settled in Scotland.
Large numbers of Menander’s coins have been unearthed, attesting to both the flourishing commerce and duration of his realm.
During his rule he took control over parts of Armenia and Mesopotamia, and Osroes I of Parthia declared war on him.
Al-Tabari continues that afterward, Papak overthrew the local Persian shah named Gochihr and appointed his son, Shapur, instead of him.
Gyältsugru was then officially enthroned with the royal name Tride Tsuktsän.
Fasilides was proclaimed emperor in 1630 during a revolt led by Sarsa Krestos, but did not reach the throne until his father abdicated in 1632.
The only thing known of him thereafter is his participation in the festive reception of Pope Constantine I in early 711.
Alara also established Napata as the religious capital of Nubia.
He imitated their military prowess and — especially later in his reign — their cruelty.
He is the 36th Kabaka of Buganda.
He was succeeded by his brother Askiya Dawud.
He lived the rest of his life in Kutaisi.
She was buried in a pyramid at el-Kurru.
He was executed by the order of Hulagu.
Bernard I was the Duke of Saxony between 973 and 1011, the second of the Billung dynasty, a son of Duke Herman and Oda.
Andronikos I Gidos or Andronicus I Gidus, was an Emperor of Trebizond.
Pleuratus II was an Illyrian king of the Ardiaean Kingdom.
The entire passage about the four brothers is as follows, as given in Whiston’s translation:
If Lagmann died at about this time as well, it could account for the record of Hákon Eiríksson assuming control of the Isles.
He inherited the throne at the age of 60 in 1304 AD, and introduced Toltec culture to his people.
He was a Buddhist and was also credited with having enlarged some of Jayavarman VII's temple.
Waris Ali ruled for ten years, from 1959, until his death on 20 November 1969 at Calcutta.
Philoxenus Anicetus was an Indo-Greek king who ruled in the region spanning the Paropamisade to Punjab.
During his reign, he encouraged the spread of Islam throughout the region, increasing education for both men and women, and the establishment of Islamic courts.
Radoslav sought help from the Emperor, who sent aid from Durazzo.
Publius Cornelius Scipio Barbatus was a Roman statesman who served as the Consul in 328 BC and Dictator in 306 BC.
He was also briefly King of Judea 67–66 BCE and then the ethnarch of Judea probably 47–40 BCE.
His possible brother could be Tiwol Chan Mat.
Artas is also called Artos and in Greek is known as 'Bread-man'.
Nezahualpilli was succeeded by his son Cacama.
He was deposed by his brother Ayub Shah.
Their combined reigns, with barely any record of external military action or internal dynastic strife, represent a long period of peaceful stability for the East Angles.
Allied to John de Courcy, Donnchadh fought battles in Ireland and acquired land there that he subsequently lost.
He was second son of Shrimant Tanuji Holkar.
Emperor Annei; also known as shikitsuhikotamatemi no Mikoto; was the third emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.
Abas was of the royal Bagratuni Dynasty.
Similarly lands were reserved for the worship of the Sun.
Nikephoros embarked on a general reorganization of the Roman Empire, creating new themes in the Balkans and strengthening the frontiers.
He is known for prosecuting an effective Berber military resistance against the Muslim invasion of the Maghreb in the 680s.
Shao Kang was the sixth king of the Xia dynasty of ancient China.
Under his rule, Serbia became an autonomous principality within the Ottoman Empire.
He was deified by the Roman Senate and succeeded by his younger brother Domitian.
However Pleuratus was an Illyrian dynastic name borne by a number of Illyrian monarchs and nobles and nothing is known for sure.
Sa'ad ad-Din II was a Sultan of the Ifat Sultanate.
Abu Ja'far Ahmad ibn Muhammad was the amir of Sistan from 923 until his death.
Before his accession he governed Priaman, a port town on the west coast of Sumatra.
His reign was short-lived and, according to some sources, extremely cruel.
Mithridates II was king of Parthian Empire from 121 to 91 BC.
Stefan Radoslav, also known as Stephanos Doukas was the King of Serbia from 1228 to 1233.
Such is the fact that in 190 BC, the Aetolians asked Bato for paid soldiers in their war against Rome.
Kashyapa is credited with the construction of the Sigiriya citadel and the surrounding city.
Bernard was the King of the Lombards from 810 to 818.
Unable to counter the Muslim numbers, Nikephoros agreed to make peace on condition of paying 50,000 nomismata immediately and a yearly tribute of 30,000 nomismata.
Kapes is also known from her son Osorkon II's tomb in Tanis.
He was likely a son of King Malewiebamani and the younger brother of King Amanineteyerike.
Aðils considered the pay outrageous and refused.
Born in Umuduruoha, Amaigbo, in Igboland, he was sold at about the age of twelve as a slave in Bonny.
In 1854 he established the Bank of Egypt.
Crow Dog was a Brulé Lakota subchief, born at Horse Stealing Creek, Montana Territory.
Dewey Beard changed his name from Iron Hail when he converted to Roman Catholicism.
Darius organized the empire by dividing it into provinces and placing satraps to govern it.
Yahya's line was then superseded by Ahmad's.
The Suí shū, compiled in 636 AD, states that at the beginning of the 7th century Zhēnlà was ruled by one Yīshēnàxiāndài.
The council then imprisoned the other sons of Fasilides on Mount Wehni, continuing the practice Fasilides had revived.
Strabo cites Sophene being taken over by a "general" of king Antiochus III by 200 BC, called Zariadres.
On the domestic front, he broke the resistance of the Serbian nobles, and used the periods of peace to strengthen Serbia politically, economically, culturally and militarily.
In 1355, Nicolae Alexandru and the King of Hungary reached an agreement in return for Severin.
A number of texts were written or translated and an orthographic reform of the Bulgarian language was issued with synchronised rules.
Emperor Monmu was the 42nd emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.
Any thought of the regency being surrendered was forgotten.
Events in Viracocha Inka's life have been recorded by several Spanish writers.
Ibn al-Zubayr expelled Marwan and his clan from Medina, and they became refugees in Syria.
Muhamad Motwali Alsharawi was an Islamic scholar, former Egyptian minister of Endowments and Muslim jurist.
In contrast, the Eastern Roman Empire and its line of Emperors survived this period of history essentially intact.
Constantius, commonly known as Constantius III, was Western Roman Emperor for seven months in 421.
Nawab Khwaja Habibullah Bahadur was the fifth Nawab of Dhaka.
Theophilos was the Byzantine Emperor from 829 until his death in 842.
Unfortunately, John's reign is less well recorded by contemporary or near-contemporary writers than those of either his father, Alexios I, or his son, Manuel I.
Within the city itself, he supervised a longer period of the construction of the modern St Mark's Basilica than any other Doge.
However nowadays many attribute these events to the same king.
His name is known from ancient chants.
The leadership of the Manx defenders in this action may have been adherents to Haraldr Guðrøðarson's cause.
Erība-Marduk, inscribed mri-ba [dAMAR.UTU], was the king of Babylon, very speculatively ca.
Following the ensuing power struggle, Óláfr's son Guðrøðr overcame the kin-slayers, and assumed the kingship of the Kingdom of the Isles.
Constantine IV, sometimes incorrectly called Pogonatos, "the Bearded", out of confusion with his father, was Byzantine Emperor from 668 to 685.
Manius Valerius Maximus was Roman dictator in 494 BC during the first secession of the plebs.
Some of them were likely supported by nomad Saka rulers such as Maues.
He was popularly called "the Caulker" in accordance with his father's original occupation.
Kassapa IV was King of Anuradhapura in the 10th century, whose reign lasted from 912 to 929.
Shapur I, also known as Shapur I the Great, was the second shahanshah of the Sasanian Empire.
Puviraja Pandaram ruled the Jaffna kingdom during a period of chaos during and after the death of his father Cankili I in 1565.
Emperor Buretsu was the 25th emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.
Viestards unsuccessfully attacked Mežotne but managed to defeat the reinforcement of crusaders coming on Lielupe river after that crusaders left Mežotne.
But when he died in 1672 the great and glorious Bijapur of Muhammad’s time was deprived of most of its important territorial possessions.
Also the book added that during his rule the kingdom was peaceful and prosper.
He died with no blood on his hands.
Abbas I, also known as Abbas Hilmi I Pasha or Abbas Pasha was the Wāli of Egypt and Sudan.
Aculnahuacatl was a son of Tezozomoc, the ruler of Azcapotzalco, who installed him as ruler of Tlacopan.
Harsiotef was the son of Queen Atasamale and likely of King Amanineteyerike.
In modern Lithuania, Vytautas is revered as a national hero and was an important figure in the national rebirth in the 19th century.
Peroz I was the eldest son of Yazdegerd II.
His 15-year reign was the longest since that of Tiberius.
He was formally crowned co-emperor on February 1325, before ousting his grandfather outright and becoming sole emperor on 24 May 1328.
The Britons present in Aceh asked for exemption which was refused.
Ineni was an Ancient Egyptian queen who lived during the Thirteenth Dynasty.
On 25 January 1199, al-Nasir’s father Abu Yusuf Yaqub al-Mansur died; al-Nasir was proclaimed the new caliph that very day.
He was the brother of his predecessor, Shapur II.
The latter was badly cornered by a rebellion by one of the sagis in 1726 and had to take refuge in a fortress.
He had already during his father's lifetime distinguished himself by defeating Alexander II of Epirus at Derdia and so saving Macedonia.
It is rumoured that he married a Chinese princess.
Etuta is also known as Etleuta and Etleva.
One Varahappaiyar prepared the catalogue for all the manuscripts in the library.
Dirk I was Count of Holland, thought to have been in office from c. 896 to c. 928 or 939.
A member of the Severan Dynasty, he was the eldest son of Septimius Severus and Julia Domna.
Kiya Afrasiyab, was the founder of the Afrasiyab dynasty, ruling from 1349 to 1359.
The 17th century Volga Bulgar compilation Ja'far Tarikh represents Dilyarek as the son of the former ruler Teles.
Emperor Seiwa was the 56th emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.
From the beginning of Herennius' accession, Gothic tribes raided across the Danube frontier and the provinces of Moesia and Dacia.
He succeeded his father Mahinda II as King of Anuradhapura and was succeeded by his son Mahinda III.
When she became queen, she naturally was called Queen Jahan.
Mpande himself claimed that he preferred a quiet life and had only become king because he was forced into it.
He was succeeded by Arsaces I, one of the sons of King Artabanus III of Parthia.
He expanded his rule over the Cilician plains and even to the Mediterranean shores.
He fought the Danes in 974, 983, and 994 during their invasions.
Ernest of Bavaria was Prince-elector-archbishop of the Archbishopric of Cologne from 1583 to 1612 as successor of the expelled Gebhard Truchsess von Waldburg.
He was succeeded by his son, known as Theodore II Laskaris.
Azkajwar II was the ruler of the Afrighid dynasty of Khwarezm from an unknown date to 712.
The reading of “zer” in his name by Poebel is almost as uncertain as the character may be MU which would correspond to šuma or similar.
He succeeded his father Hassan Ali Mirza Khan Bahadur at his death on 25 December 1906.
After putting two of his brothers to death, Jani Beg crowned himself in Saray-Jük.
As a result, Cerball was in a strong position and is said to have been the second most powerful king in Ireland in his later years.
He was the son and successor of King Donnus, who had previously opposed but later made peace with Julius Caesar.
Sena V was King of Anuradhapura in the 10th century, whose reign lasted from 991 to 1001.
Raja Azureen binti Almarhum Sultan Azlan Muhibbuddin Shah Al-Maghfur-lah is the eldest daughter of Sultan Azlan Shah of Perak.
This would imply an earlier diplomatic marriage and alliance between Assyria and Egypt during his reign.
Touman or Teoman, or T'u-man, – was the earliest known Xiongnu chanyu, reigning from c. 220 to 209 BCE.
Vikramabâhu I was a medieval king of Sri Lanka.
He was succeeded by his brother, Appa Saheb, under the title Shreemant Maharaj Shaji Raja Chhatrapati of Satara.
He took the throne on c.511 He co-ruled with a Lady of Tikal.
But it is also pointed out that he was overestimated.
Bardylis II managed to re-create the state of his grandfather in the region of Dassaretia to the west of the Lyncestian lakes.
The chief of the latter kindred, Alasdair Mac Dubhghaill, was a close adherent to the successful claimant to the kingship, John Balliol.
His prenomen or royal name was Bakare which means "Glorious is the Soul of Re."
After his death he was succeeded by his eldest son Floris III.
Despite sacrificing around 10,000 of his men, Alaric received little recognition from the Emperor.
These Arabs had powerful allies in Zanzibar on the coast.
However, these gains were quickly lost under his successors.
Bato became a major threat to the Macedonians but after the war was over Dardanian and Roman relations soon diminished.
Apparently, his troops did not offer much resistance.
The loss was a heavy blow for the Xiongnu, and the war flared up.
Shērōē, better known by his dynastic name of Kavadh II, was king of the Sasanian Empire briefly in 628.
Dutugamunu, also known as Dutthagamani duṭṭhagāmaṇī and Gāmaṇī Abhaya, was a Sinhalese king of Sri Lanka who reigned from 161 BC to 137 BC.
Idris I was the first Arab ruler and founder of the Idrisid dynasty, ruling from 788 to 791.
He is also mentioned as Ramesses Amun-her-khepeshef.
The conflict ended with a peace treaty, and Vigrahapala III married Karna's daughter Yauvanashri.
A handful of women are described and depicted on monuments taking on roles and titles that were usually reserved for men.
Herodotus mentions that Damasithymus was one of the most noted of the men commanding the Persian ships.
Titu Cusi made Túpac Amaru a priest and custodian of Manco Inca's body in Vilcabamba.
Nezahualpilli was ruler of the Mesoamerican city-state of Texcoco, elected by the city's nobility after the death of his father, Nezahualcoyotl, in 1472.
The dead ruler's entire lineage was overthrown and a new line of rulers took power in their place, starting with Yax Nuun Ahiin I.
Demetrius II Aetolicus son of Antigonus II Gonatas and Phila, reigned as king of Macedonia from the winter of 239 to 229 BC.
He was in turn succeeded by Ibrahim ibn Ali in 1359.
Vimaladharmasurya II was a king of Kandy who succeeded his father, Rajasinghe II.
According to Kojiki, Kinashi no Karu was sent into exile to Iyo Province and then committed suicide.
The administration of the kingdom fell into his hands.
A later chronicle dates his reign from 578, but he is not known to have definitely ruled as king and nothing of his life is known.
Lokissara ruled for nine months from 1210 to 1211 before the Royal Army restored Lilavati for the third time.
He was the son of Khosrau II.
His influence extended beyond the island of Ireland into the Hebrides, the Isle of Man, Wales, and even into England.
After the battle, Alexander appointed him Satrap of Armenia, as his father had been.
In the 19th and 20th centuries were published numerous critical translations of the Shajare-i Türk, which serve as historical sources for modern scholars.
Although Abd al-Haqq was nominally sultan, he held no power.
They followed the policies of the previous kings.
Haytham II was the third Shirvanshah after death of his father Muhammad II Shirvanshah.
For the 3rd century BC mistress of Ptolemy IV Philopator, see Agathoclea.
He is thought to be the son of king Aramatle-qo and queen Amanitakaye although this is based merely on assumptions.
Khalilullah Khalili, a Kohistani poet laureate, depicts King Habibullah Kalakani as a mujahid, a "warrior of God."
Kahekili I was a king of Maui.
Huitzilatzin was the first tlatoani of the pre-Columbian altepetl of Huitzilopochco in the Valley of Mexico.
Epulon's forces took a great booty of valuables, equipment, food and wine.
Shahjahan Begum GCSI CI was the Begum of Bhopal for two periods: 1844–60, and secondly during 1868–1901.
He was fluent in Greek and was elevated to the rank of First Lieutenant by Egypt's viceroy Muhammad Ali Pasha.
He was married and had a son, Pavle Branović.
Ajit Singh or Maharaja Ajit Singh Bahadur was a ruler of Shekhawat dynasty of the Indian princely state of Khetri, Rajasthan between 1870 and 1901.
Herod Agrippa, also known as Herod or Agrippa I, was a King of Judea from 41 to 44 AD.
The previous hundred years of peace and seclusion in Japan had created relative economic stability.
Kandace Amanitore is often mentioned as co-regent with Natakamani although the evidence does not show whether she was his wife or mother.
Abd al-Malik ibn Marwan was the 5th Umayyad caliph.
Samarkand went to one son, Nasr I, while Shash went to another son, Ya'qub.
in the same year that Dido left Tyre, the dates of Mattan and Pygmalion will be 11 years later.
Xerxes II was a Persian king and the son and successor of Artaxerxes I.
Lady Eveningstar was a Maya queen consort, wife of Itzamnaaj B'alam II, a Mayan king of Yaxchilan.
Local boyars unsuccessfully petitioned the Porte citing Mihnea's youth, began talks with a certain Pătrașcu or Radul Popa, and eventually rebelled in Oltenia.
Rangsit Prayurasakdi, Prince of Chainat was the Thai Founder of the Public Health Ministry and as Regent of Thailand.
Abu Amir Abdallah ibn Ahmad II was the Marinid Sultan of Morocco from 1396 to 1398.
He was also a member of Bengal Legislative Assembly from 1913 till his death in Calcutta in 1915 at the age of 43.
Abu Bakr ibn Faris assumed the throne in 1358 in succession to Muhammad II ibn Faris.
He reached a settlement with the East Frisian Estates, who them paid him homage, ultimately even the city of Emden did so.
Lotf Ali Khan was the last Shah of Persia of the Zand dynasty.
Muzaffar II moved his capital to Seluyut in 1565 from Johor Lama to assert his independence from the Acehnese.
Hippostratos was an Indo-Greek king who ruled central and north-western Punjab and Pushkalavati.
661: Saimei ruled until her death caused the throne to be vacant again.
They answered, they had nothing to say against it, but were very glad I was come for that purpose.
He was the son of Isaac Komnenos and the grandson of the emperor Alexios I.
170-168 BC and was then succeeded by Phraates I.
The rest of the body thought the stomach was getting a free ride so the body decided to stop nourishing the stomach.
In the Karnak temple complex, an Adoratrix named Tentopet is shown with Ramesses III in the Temple of Khonsu.
The historian Steven Runciman called him one of the greatest persons in history.
Emperor Hanzei, also known as Emperor Hanshō, was the 18th emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.
According to Reisner, Amanikhabale was buried in Pyramid 2 at the North cemetery at Meroe.
Whatever the conditions in which Thoros entered Cilicia, he found it occupied by many Greek garrisons.
Athrwys was a Prince, possibly a King, from Gwent in Wales, who is generally accepted as having lived in the early 7th century.
Lazar's state, referred to by historians as Moravian Serbia, comprised the basins of the Great Morava, West Morava, and South Morava rivers.
He was the 7th Kabaka of Buganda.
According to Michael Axworthy, the dating of these events is speculative, but they probably took place in May or June 1739.
Kavus Mirza - was self-declared Shah of Shirvan after downfall of Gasim Mirza.
Sartaq succeeded Batu as khan of the Golden Horde.
The act itself brought Haraldr closer within the orbit of the English Crown.
Historiography treats him as a ruler of "Dalmatian Croatia", although no contemporary sources name him as such.
His reign was also a period of unmatched cultural prosperity and enlightenment later deemed the Golden Age of Bulgarian culture.
Višeslav left behind a baptismal font, surviving to this day, which remains an important symbol of early Croatian history and the people's conversion to Christianity.
At about this time, the Diocese of the Isles was incorporated within the recently elevated Archdiocese of Niðaróss.
Batu agreed to hold off invading Mayyafariqin if Al Kamil Muhammad would go in person to the Great Khan Möngke in Karakorum to present his submission.
Lalibela, throne name Gebre Meskel was Emperor of Ethiopia from Zagwe dynasty, reigning from 1181 to 1221.
The way Vladislav II came to throne is debatable.
Sultanah Kalsom is the current Sultanah of Pahang and the wife of Sultan Ahmad Shah, widowed on 28 June 1988.
After Bhavavarman's death, Mahendravarman took residence in the capital at Sambor Prei Kuk while the same time Hiraṇyavarman Khmer: ហិរណ្យវរ្ម័ន) was ruling Cambodia.
A royal charter issued on 26 July 1324 is the first document to reference Basarab.
She was the granddaughter of Fath-Ali Shah Qajar of Persia and the cousin of her spouse, Mohammad Shah Qajar.
He was the eldest son of Fakhr al-Dawla.
A year after his death, his son and heir Nicholas Orsini seized Epirus and brought it under the Orsini family's rule.
He was murdered in 1032 and Mieszko II returned to the throne of Poland.
Jalaluddin built his capital at Kilughari, a few miles from the city of Delhi, and completed the unfinished palace and gardens of Sultan Qaiqabad.
A third battle, also won by Abu Marwan Abd al-Malik I, took place in Taroudannt.
Ruler 5 is the designated title for the fifth ruler of Copan after the reformation by K'inich Yax K'uk' Mo'.
She remained regent for approximately two-and-a-half months, from 5 November 1840 to 18 January 1841, but abandoned her claim when Sahib Kaur delivered a stillborn son.
His throne name was ʿAlam Sagad, meaning "to whom the world bows".
Sheikh Râshid bin Ḥumaid Al-Nu`aimî, Arabic: راشد بن حميد النعيمي, was the 9th Emîr of Ajman and ruled the Emirate from 1928 until 1981.
The Sumerian King List tells us that "the divine Īter-pīša ruled for 4 years."
He was nicknamed al-Kettani or the one related to linen, "Kettan" in Arabic.
Michael IX Palaiologos or Palaeologus,, daughter of Stephen V of Hungary.
1050, Garshasp sent an army to aid the Ghaznavid ruler Maw'dud in his wars with the Seljuqs.
He also led raids against Epirus but his troops were quickly expelled from that region.
This 17th-century sovereign was named after the 9th-century Emperor Junna and go-, translates as later, and thus, he could have been called the "Later Emperor Junna".
After his death, Mutik Tsenpo was next in line to the throne.
She trained her daughter in riding, hunting, and fighting also.
The invading forces were headed by Pandu, a Pandyan from southern India.
Demetrius III Aniketos is an Indo-Greek king who reigned in the area of Gandhara and Punjab.
She was killed by communist insurgents while on a routine visit to assist rural villagers in Surat Thani Province.
His signature was appended to all official documents issued by Alexios, and he accompanied the emperor on public occasions.
He was a nephew of Khosrow II.
He was a khan of the Golden Horde, a division of the Mongol Empire in 1266-1280.
Menander II Dikaios was an Indo-Greek King who ruled in the areas of Arachosia and Gandhara in the north of modern Pakistan.
After accepting surrender from Shaikh Uvais, Janibeg boasted that three uluses of the Mongol Empire were under his control.
He was treated well by the Bulgarians, Khan Boris himself chose the wife of Klonimir Strojimirović, the only son of Strojimir.
He advocated the idea of a Balkan federation against the Ottoman Empire.
During his early reign Scerdilaidas was an ally of Rome.
He is famous for his military, political, and spiritual achievements.
Konstantios Doukas, Latinized as Constantius Ducas, was the son of Byzantine Emperor Constantine X Doukas and younger brother of Byzantine Emperor Michael VII Doukas.
Anita Silwal is an actress, TV journalist and a social worker in Nepal.
He was traditionally married to many wives and had many children.
Finally, as the culmination of his reign, in 1025 he had himself crowned King of Poland.
He belonged to the royal Velugoti Dynasty of the Padmanayaka Velamas.
Domne Eafe was not killed, and was subsequently granted land on Thanet by Ecgberht for a monastery, as penance for the murder of her brothers.
Brought back to Constantinople, Alexios V was condemned to death for treason against Alexios IV, and was thrown from the top of the Column of Theodosius.
He compelled the three Jurchen tribes such as Jurjis in Manchuria and Yekhe Tungusians, to pay tribute.
Although the fate of prisoners of war at the time was to be castrated and enslaved.
His son and heir, Radama I, continued the conquests Andrianampoinimerina had begun, and over the next two decades largely achieved his father's vision.
He was the grandson of the king Chastana.
He ruled in the western part of Semigallia, with his capital at Tērvete.
He was the youngest son of Emperor Manuel I and his third wife, Irene Syrikaina, a Trapezuntine noblewoman.
He shared the kingdom with Beonna and he is believed to have also shared rule with a supposed ruler named Hun.
He was granted a pension by the British government of £1,785 per annum,and remained head of the "royal house" in name until his death.
His left and right, all following the whistling arrowhead, shot at and killed Touman.
Muawiya II or Muawiya ibn Yazid succeeded his father Yazid I as the third Umayyad caliph and last caliph of the Sufyanid line.
Sirimeghavanna, also known as Kirthi Sri Meghavarna and Kithsirimevan was King of Anuradhapura in the 4th century, whose reign lasted from 304 to 332.
She was a daughter of Ptolemy III and Berenice II.
He did not see this campaign through to completion due to his assassination by a disaffected soldier in 217.
Tunglo was a knyaz of the Lusatian Serbs.
She seems to have reigned from 10 BC to 1 AD, although most dates of Kushite history before the Middle Ages are very uncertain.
His rule was preceded by his father's and succeeded by Hormizd IV.
By the time of Ahmad's death in 864 or 865, he was the ruler of most of Transoxiana, Bukhara and Khwarazm.
There is not much information about him.
He fought a war of resistance on Mysorean army from 1774 to 1793.
Although he was the nominal king, Cankili I wielded real power behind the throne until his death in 1565.
He was also a notable sportsman and celebrated polo player.
Ali Khan Ashar was the second khan of the Zanjan Khanate from 1780 to 1782.
He was married to Meshullemeth, daughter of Haruz of Jotbah, and they had a son Amon, who succeeded him as king of Judah upon his death.
Ukit Took' was the last Ajaw of Copan.
Peroz I was the eighteenth king of the Sasanian Empire, who ruled from 459 to 484.
Shuja Shah was of the Sadozai line of the Abdali group of Pashtuns.
Lamine Bey was turned out of his palace along with his family.
The war culminated in the Battle of Gvozd Mountain in 1097 leading to a personal union of Croatia and Hungary in 1102, ruled by Coloman.
The new king met with rebellions throughout his kingdom and quelled them each time.
One of his counselors, Jauhar ul-Alam took the throne but died after a very brief reign.
was the king of the Kingdom of Ruhuna in the southern part of Sri Lanka.
The term "Davidian Revolution" is used by many scholars to summarise the changes which took place in Scotland during his reign.
At the time of his accession, he was already at an advanced age.
Mtyela Kasanda, better known as Mirambo, was a Nyamwezi warlord, from 1860 to 1884.
He was the father of at least one son, Ascall, a man who certainly reigned as king.
Maharaja Yaduveer Krishnadatta Chamaraja Wadiyar is the 27th and present titular Maharaja of Mysore and head of the former ruling Wadiyar dynasty.
She was Silla's twenty-seventh ruler, and its first reigning queen.
Exiled first to Kamembe, in southwest Rwanda, and then to Kilembwe, in southeastern Congo, Musinga died on 13 January 1944.
Yazdegerd III or Yazdgerd III, was the thirty-eighth and last king of the Sasanian Empire of Iran from 632 to 651.
The city surrendered on 5 March 493; Theoderic invited Odoacer to a banquet of reconciliation and there killed him.
He succeeded his father Mahallaka Naga as King of Anuradhapura and was succeeded by his brother Kanittha Tissa.
Askiya Ishaq I was completely ruthless as a ruler and executed any official whom he considered as a threat.
Tlaltecatzin was from the city of Cuauhchinanco.
Peibo Clafrog, was King of Ergyng in south-east Wales in the 5th or 6th century.
In 1937, he was on the cover of Time Magazine, labelled as the richest man in the world.
He was a member of the Doukas family, nicknamed Mourtzouphlos or Murtzuphlus, either in reference to bushy, overhanging eyebrows or a sullen, gloomy character.
Samuel died of a heart attack on 6 October 1014, two months after the catastrophic battle of Kleidion.
These marched on Melka Kristos, who was still at Libo, where he was killed and his men defeated.
Maha Naga was King of Anuradhapura in the 6th century, whose reign lasted from 561 to 564.
Radu Bădica was the son of Radu IV the Great and Prince of Wallachia from November 1523 until January 1524.
Later that year, Epulon became king of the Histrians; he was warlike, uncompromising and persistent, and immediately prepared for battle against the Aquilean colony.
After the death of his father in 1576 Mohammad was passed over in favour of his younger brother Ismail II.
Ablai was then confirmed as Kazakh Khan by both the Chinese and the Russians.
Abu Salih Mansur was amir of the Samanids.
Upon his removal from Mann, Haraldr Guðrøðarson is not heard from again.
He was subehdar of Kashmir from 1675-1680.
It is known that Mentuhotep II was the son of king Intef III who was most likely the father of Neferu.
She is also known for her diplomatic and political skills and successful military campaigns.
However, once Amursana and Dawachi were no longer allies, Ablai Khan took the opportunity to capture herds and territory from the Dzungars.
Below him lay the heads of major settlements, known as lamibe.
Monunius was an Illyrian king of the Dardanian State.
Inscription at Prasat Toc, Prasat Bayang, Vat Chakret, Kdei Ang Chumnik and Sambor Prei Kuk is attributed to the reign of Isanavarman I.
According to Livy, he also led Roman troops against the Latin town of Pometia.
Under his rule, the Dhaka Nawab Estate went into decline until its actual relinquishment in 1952 by the East Pakistan Estates Acquisition Act.
Perdiccas was succeeded by his infant son, Amyntas IV.
He reigned under the regency of his mother and died of smallpox on March 10, 1770 during the Great Bengal famine of 1770.
In the same year when Emperor Wen of Western Wei died Bumin sent mission and gave two hundred horses.
Macrinus was defeated on 8 June 218 at the Battle of Antioch.
Hormizd II was the eighth king of the Sasanian Empire, and reigned for seven years and five months, from 302 to 309.
Meanwhile, Esen taish was intent upon assuming the Throne himself.
Named in honor of his patron, the emperor Tiberius, the city later became a center of rabbinic learning.
Usually rivals, the Aetolian League and Achaean League, now became allies against the Macedonian power.
Stephen III of Moldavia, known as Stephen the Great was voivode of Moldavia from 1457 to 1504.
Shahrukh was the 43rd and last Shirvanshah, governing Shirvan under Safavid suzerainty.
Shāh Abdul Azīz Hotak was the second ruler of the Ghilji Hotak dynasty of Kandahar, in what is now the modern state of Afghanistan.
Mathru Boothana was a famous poet in his court and he composed parijatapahavanam, which bears similarity to Kuchupudi Dance.
Bumin got angry and killed Anagui's mission and cut all relationship with Rouran Khaganate.
Arsames then founded the cities of Arsamosata in Sophene and Arsameia in Commagene in 235 BC.
Abdul Aziz II succeeded his brother Abu Faris Abdul Aziz II in 1396.
Mundhir was the last important Ghassanid ruler; in 584, the Byzantines would break up the Ghassanid federation.
His relations with the Buyid emir of Iraq, 'Izz al-Dawla Bakhtiyar, were initially hostile, but the two later concluded an alliance.
He took over after Al Qasim Gannum in 948 until his death in 954.
The city submitted to Kaykaus and Alexios was freed after becoming Kaykaus' vassal.
After this Xochitl became empress, and after her death Maeconetzin became emperor.
He became a monk with the monastic name David after the death of his daughter Helena Palaiologina in 1469, and died in 1470.
As most of the Nemanjić monarchs, he was proclaimed a saint by the Serbian Orthodox Church with a feast day on October 30.
In zoology there are openings in the skull called fenestrae.
After all were dead, Esen taish’s soldiers filled up the hole.
Around the same time that Emperor Basil II captured the bulk of Samuel's army, Gavril and his forces defeated the army of Theophylact Botaneiates.
Jumo Jumofe later took the name "Jaja" for his dealings with the British.
His paternal uncle was Emperor Alexius III Angelus.
Indravarman III was a follower of Theravada Buddhism and upon his ascension to power he made it the state religion.
For other Egyptian ladies called Ankhesenpepi see Ankhesenpepi
"In his formal correspondence Temur continued throughout his life to portray himself as the restorer of Chinggisid rights.
He was a member of the Meic Torcaill, and may be identical to a member of this family who campaigned in Wales in 1144.
The Life of Guthlac, which includes information about Æthelbald during his period of exile at Crowland, is dedicated to Ælfwald.
In recent years new excavations at Naqa provided more evidence for him.
Archduke Eugen Ferdinand Pius Bernhard Felix Maria of Austria-Teschen was an Archduke of Austria and a Prince of Hungary and Bohemia.
He also attacked the Uriyangkhai Doyin guard in the next year.
Constantine V was Byzantine emperor from 741 to 775.
Kaliman Asen II, or commonly, but less accurately Koloman Asen II, ruled as emperor of Bulgaria for a short time in 1256.
With no chance of victory, Philip V accepted peace in 205 BC.
Samsenethai literally means "300,000 Thai," thus reflected the result of a census conducted in his reign.
After his death Copán begun to sink into a period of decline, due to ineffective ruling authority.
Giuseppe Passalacqua described the tomb and mentions an anthropoid coffin richly decorated with figures of deities.
He was awarded a triumph for his victories against the Privernates.
After his death, the Praetorians auctioned off the imperial title, which was won by the wealthy senator Didius Julianus, whose reign would last sixty-six days.
The rebels invited him to take up the family's emirate, and he moved from Dvin to Ganja.
His mother or other relative must have ruled Bulgaria during his minority.
In 1356 Jani Beg conducted a military campaign in Azerbaijan and conquered the city of Tabriz, installing his own governor there.
Sunjo was the 2nd son of King Jeongjo which King Jeongjo had with Lady Subin, one of King Jeongjo concubines.
He adopted the name Siaosi, the Tongan version of George, after King George III of the United Kingdom, when he was baptized in 1831.
He succeeded Sir Vicar-ul-Umra as Prime Minister.
Moggallana III was King of Anuradhapura in the 7th century, whose reign lasted from 608 to 614.
On 20 August 1953, the French who were occupying Morocco at the time forced Mohammed V and his family into exile on Corsica.
Significantly, he left behind the royal red fringe, symbol of his authority.
Prior to that, he ruled the city of Dvin from 1022 as an autonomous lord.
Vytenis was the Grand Duke of Lithuania from c. 1295 to c. 1316.
Constantine X Doukas or Dukas, Latinized as Ducas was emperor of the Byzantine Empire from 24 November 1059 to 22 May 1067.
Jones suggests that Zechariah most likely reigned from 784 to 772 BC.
To legitimize his conquests, Timur relied on Islamic symbols and language, referred to himself as the "Sword of Islam", and patronized educational and religious institutions.
He succeeded his brother Bhatikabhaya Abhaya as King of Anuradhapura and was succeeded by his son Amandagamani Abhaya.
Empress Meishō was the 109th Imperial ruler of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.
He was a half-brother of Sigujana, Shaka and Dingane, who both preceded him as kings of the Zulu.
King Mahinda duly discharged his kingly duties but gave up pleasures of the kingly office.
Unlike his other brothers, he was not named junior co-emperor by his father, and was raised to the dignity only by Romanos IV Diogenes.
He went on to become a major figure in the Roman Empire.
Emperor Go-Daigo was the 96th emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.
Jamshid had two sons named Sikandar Bakht and Mohammed Bedar Bakht who died in 1980.
He was also a gifted artist, and a well-educated man excelling as much in mathematics and military strategy, as he did in history.
Šu-ilišu is best known for his retrieval of the cultic idol of Nanna from the Elamites and its return to the city-state Ur.
Following the Mamluk victory, al-Ashraf was reinstated as Emir of Homs as a Mamluk vassal, but was stripped of his viceroy position.
Andrew was a sambo-miskito, cousin of the last Miskito chief Robert Henry Clarence of Miskito Nation.
Ivan Vladislav ruled as emperor of Bulgaria from August or September 1015 to February 1018.
Tablets with fragments of a Sargon Birth Legend were found in the Library of Ashurbanipal.
Ahhotep II was an Ancient Egyptian queen, and likely the Great Royal Wife of Pharaoh Kamose.
In 1401, he abdicated in favor of his second son Hồ Hán Thương.
Isaiah and Micah prophesied during his reign.
He was the fourth son of Marinid founder Abd al-Haqq, and succeeded his brother Abu Yahya in 1258.
Proclaimed as Prince of Abkhazia at Sukhumi, by the people after an uprising against the Russians, 29 July 1866.
Emperor Go-Momozono was the 118th emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.
He was contemporary with the Assyrian king Adad-Nārāri II with whom he sparred.
It is not clear when he died.
Jemba Busungwe was Kabaka of the Kingdom of Buganda between 1564 and 1584.
Though he was able to extricate his army from the indecisive battle, Altun died of wounds received in the conflict.
Leo and two of his sons were taken captive and imprisoned in Constantinople where Leo died shortly after.
Go-Momozono's reign spanned the years from 1771 through his death in 1779.
After the killings in the Great Temple, there were probably few Aztec captains available to take the position.
His able and energetic rule brought law and order to Bulgaria and developed the rudiments of state organization.
King Manisarus was a 2nd-century king of the Corduene, which was a small vassal state during the Roman Empire.
He was the successor to Topa Inca Yupanqui.
Aggabodhi was appointed as the Adipada of Ruhuna by his father.
He succeeded to the Sasanian throne on the assassination of his brother Bahram IV in 399 and ruled for twenty-one years till his death in 420.
Grabos was the king of the Grabaei, a minor tribe in Illyria, located somewhere in what is today the northern half of Albania.
He ruled from 744 to 747 AD.
Catilius is called Lucius Catilius Severus Julianus in Bithynian inscriptions, Lucius Catilius Severus as a consul, and Catilius Severus in literary sources.
Born in Jasra, he became emir upon the death of his father, Salman ibn Hamad.
He established Benedictine monasteries in Mogilno, Lubin and Wrocław.
They could not thank God sufficiently for their good fortune to have such a spiritual guide.
Enno was forced to recognise Balthasar as Chieftain of Harlingerland.
However, Alexander arrived on the scene first and blockaded Cleitus within the city walls.
In 590 BC Eurycratides was succeeded by his son Leon.
Not long after his marriage to Affraic, one of Óláfr's daughters married Somairle mac Gilla Brigte, Lord of Argyll, an emerging power in the region.
He was later taken prisoner and taken to India, where he died as a prisoner in 1029.
Khan's son Bagi beg was held as prisoner in shah's court.
Saladin died in Damascus in 1193, having given away much of his personal wealth to his subjects.
In February 1369 Vladislav I subdued Vidin and recognised Louis I of Hungary as his overlord in return for Severin, Amlaş, and Făgăraş.
His reign started during wars with the Greeks of Sicily, who under the leadership of Dionysius I of Syracuse had defeated his predecessor.
Ibrahim was the uncle of his predecessor as emir, Ibrahim ibn Tashfin, and was killed after the conquest of Marrakech by the Almohads.
He was apparently only recognized in Persia.
Siri Naga I was King of Anuradhapura in the 2nd century, whose reign lasted from 196 to 215.
Glaucias was an Illyrian king of the Taulanti state which dominated Illyrian affairs in the second half of the 4th century BC.
Ngamaru was a man of strong personal character, and had the happy knack of settling troublesome matters with a jocular remark.
During his youth, he spent his time participating in the campaigns of his father Alp Arslan, along the latter's vizier Nizam al-Mulk.
Yazdegerd I was the twelfth king of the Sasanian Empire, ruling from 399 to 420.
She was the first Ptolemaic queen to bear a child by her brother.
Tyrimmas was an Argead King of Macedon
He was also the nephew of Razia Sultan.
Sultan Mahmud Mirza was a prince Timurid branch of Transoxiana, son of Abu Sa'id Mirza.
Bardia, Bardiya, Barziya, or Pirtiya, also known as Smerdis was a son of Cyrus the Great and the younger brother of Cambyses II, both Persian kings.
He was nephew of first independent Shirvanshah Haytham b. Khalid.
In alliance with the Republic of Ragusa, Michael II Asen broke into Serbia in 1254, but he could not occupy Serbian territories.
Since 1980, a sufficient number of coins have been found to show that he was indeed a historical figure.
In 1242 he ordered his governor to fight another secession, that of the Marinid Abu Yahya ibn Abd al-Haqq, who had captured Fes.
Through Antony, his great maternal aunt was Roman Client Queen Cleopatra Selene II of Mauretania.
Disintegration continued during Trisong Detsen's reign when, in 694, Tibet lost control of several cities in Turkestan and, in 703, Nepal broke into rebellion.
His reign spanned the years from 1210 through 1221.
According to the Rabatak inscription, he was the son of Vima Takto and the father of Kanishka.
Theodora Porphyrogenita was a Byzantine Empress born into the Macedonian dynasty that had ruled the Byzantine Empire for almost two hundred years.
A Han-Dynasty history, the Han shu recounts the end of Touman’s life in vivid language, as follows.
These rebellions help explain Antiochus' subsequent aggressive policy toward his satrap Xerxes.
John II Komnenos or Comnenus was Byzantine Emperor from 1118 to 1143.
Shivaji II served as Raja of Kolhapur from 1710 to 1714.
The marriage was arranged by her uncle Ivan Crnojević, Prince of Zeta after her father's death.
He rebuilt and renovated a number of old temples of the Pandya period.
A member of the Piast dynasty, he was a son of Siemomysł, and a grandchild of Lestek.
However after a series of military failures, most notably suffering a terrible defeat at the hands of Muhammadu Kanta, the Sarkin of Kebbi.
He was replaced by Muhammad ibn Ahmad Abu Zayyan al-Wathiq, who ruled until 1387.
He was forced to give up city after the Storming of Baku by the Safavid army.
Malewiebamani was a Kushite King of Meroe.
He became a strong political influence to Philip V and encouraged him to clash with Rome.
Many Candaces are described as warrior queens who led forces in battle.
She was the daughter of Sirras of Lyncestis, Upper Macedonia.
Later, however, as Hari Rao's health deteriorated, the British Resident pressed him to appoint an heir.
Through these changes the empire was centralized and unified.
He spent large sums for various constructions and refurbishments, and also gave money to the public in an attempt to put down crimes.
He was defeated in battle against Ras Ali.
He is famed for amassing a significant collection of cuneiform documents for his royal palace at Nineveh.
A few years later, he was forced to retire to a monastery by Manuel.
Lokissara was a soldier who was enlisted with an army abroad and defeated the Royal Polonnaruwa Army deposing Lilavati.
Nevertheless, after this incident Bumin emerged as the leader of the revolt against Rouran.
After the Battle of Actium 31 BC, the Armenian king was executed by beheading at the behest of Cleopatra.
The Ndorwa aggressors defeated Queen Nyirakimenyi III of Gisaka.
One possibility is that Ruðri was a descendant of Óspakr.
Maharaja Peshkar Sir Kishen Pershad Bahadur, Yamin us-Sultanat, GCIE was twice Prime Minister of Hyderabad State from 1901–1912 and from 1926–1937.
This would begin a long quest by Vlad III to gain the throne, which he would do two more times.
She is the only known wife of Setnakhte.
Ajen Yohl Mat also known as Aj Ne' Ohl Mat, Ac Kan and Ahl Lawal Mat, was an ajaw of the Maya city-state of Palenque.
He is best known for the legendary tale of his demise, Shaffer’s “gastronomic mishap”.
A medieval chronicle asserts that Samuel's daughter, Theodora Kosara, fell in love with Vladimir and begged her father for his hand.
He was the last prince of a united Benevento which covered most of the Mezzogiorno.
Seonjo of Joseon ruled Korea from 1567 to 1608.
His reign saw the emergence of the Samanids as a powerful force.
Following his father's death, the nobles and Zoroastrian clergy saw an opportunity to gain influence within the Sasanian Empire.
best known for his role in the capture of Ned Kelly and his brother Dan Kelly during the Kelly Outbreak of 1879/1880.
He succeeded Moggallana III as King of Anuradhapura and was succeeded by his son Aggabodhi III.
He became Inspector for the Maritime Provinces in 1862, and later Assistant to viceroy Isma'il Pasha.
When his father died in 1237, the kingship was assumed by Haraldr Óláfsson.
Sultan Alauddin Mansur Syah was the eighth Sultan of Aceh in northern Sumatra.
Rajendravarman II was the uncle and first cousin of Harshavarman.
This period of Tibetan history, towards the end, and after the reign of Trisong Detsen is very murky and the sources give conflicting stories and dates.
Lý Huệ Tông was the emperor of Vietnam from 1211 to 1224, the penultimate leader of the Lý Dynasty.
Manuel I Megas Komnenos was an Emperor of Trebizond, from 1238 until his death.
Hidarnes III was a King of Orontid Armenia, reigning in the middle of the 5th century BC.
Tecpancaltzin fell in love with Xochitl, but she did not share his feelings.
Eurydice was the daughter of Antipater and the wife of Ptolemy I Soter.
Upon the death of Béla II, Helena and the middle son Beloš became regents of Hungary.
Not to be mistaken for Andragoras, a satrap of Alexander from 331 BCE, also in the area of Parthia.
Azim-ud-Daula was the Nawab of Carnatic from 1801 to 1819.
Sultan Muhammad Shah, was the third Sultan of Selangor.
He was the younger brother of Titus and son of Vespasian, his two predecessors on the throne, and the last member of the Flavian dynasty.
It appears that his son-in-law, King Meurig of Glywysing and Gwent, managed to seize power in the name of his son, Athrwys.
It is not fully clear whether the coffin and the canopic chest were found in the same tomb.
In the history of Japan, Kōgyoku/Saimei was the second of eight women to take on the role of empress regnant.
The reign of Jani Beg was marked by the first signs of the feudal strife which would eventually contribute to the demise of the Golden Horde.
Sivali was Queen of Anuradhapura in the 1st century, whose reign lasted the year 35.
Ecgric, whose grave may have been the ship burial under Mound 1 at Sutton Hoo, was succeeded by Anna.
He met up with the Karakhanid army near Bukhara and engaged them in battle, but was mortally wounded.
Inside the box were found alabaster vessels and a cosmetic spoon.
Aculnahuacatl Tzaqualcatl was the first tlatoani of the pre-Columbian Tepanec altepetl of Tlacopan in the Valley of Mexico.
During his reign, he made several significant economic and administrative reforms.
The independence of the Qaraei tribe and the district of Zaveh ended with Mohammad Khan.
He maintained himself about two years in the district of Nisibis.
Constantine Doukas or Ducas, was Byzantine co-emperor from c. 1074 to 1078 and from 1081 to 1087.
The monument associated with Wak Chan K'awiil is Stelae 17.
Although Malik-Shah was the nominal head of the Seljuq state, the vizier Nizam al-Mulk held near absolute power during his reign.
Sultan Yusef ben Hassan ruled Morocco from 1912 until his death in 1927.
Emperor Richū was the 17th emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.
Tiye-Merenese also appears on blocks found in Abydos which were reused in other buildings.
At the death of Abdallah, a civil war broke out between Idris and his nephew Yahya, who had the support of the capital Marrakesh.
From these conquests he founded the Timurid Empire, but this empire fragmented shortly after his death.
He managed to bring the Carthaginian members of his army home after bribing Dionysius and abandoning his other troops.
Ethirimanna Cinkam was the penultimate ruler of the Aryacakravarti line of Kings of the Jaffna Kingdom in northern Sri Lanka.
Artemisia's fleet, including Damasithymus's ship, had the best reputation in the Persian fleet, next to the ships from Sidon.
At that time, his son and heir Abd al-Haqq was just one year old.
While Pleurias was engaged in a battle with Philip, he almost succeeded in killing Philip if not for a bodyguard receiving Pleurias' sword.
He was a son of Darius II and Parysatis.
He led raids throughout Thrace, Macedonia and Illyria.
His reign spanned the years from 1183 through 1198.
Dathopa Tissa II was King of Anuradhapura in the 7th century, whose reign lasted from 664 to 673.
The noise of his army was so great it was said that "heavens were like to rend asunder".
He was the chieftain of the Türks under the sovereignty of Rouran Khaganate.
For a further explanation, see the Astarymus article.
The legate crowned Kaloyan "King of the Bulgarians and Vlachs" on 8 November 1204, but he continued to regard his realm as an empire.
He took over after Abu l-Aish Ahmad in 954 until his capture by the Ummayads in 974.
Previous estimates had placed the founder at AD 170-235 or AD 219-238.
John lived most of his life in Constantinople where his father had lived since c. 1297.
After the death of Churaman on 22 September 1721 there were family disputes between Badan Singh and Mohkam, son of Churaman.
When he came to Kotor, the town's inhabitants prepared a banquet for him on a small island in the Bay of Kotor.
B'alam Nehn is the only king of Copán to be mentioned in a hieroglyphic text from outside of the southeastern Maya region.
The first battle, from the village Românești, was won by the boyars, only to lose the second battle, of Șerpătești.
He is known only from king lists, a brief mention in a chronicle and as a witness on a kudurru from his father, Nabû-mukin-apli's reign.
The Frisians in Oostergo and Westergo supported Dirk's brother William, who invaded Holland.
In older English literature, he may also be referred to as Nara II.
Demetrius remained there until his death at Messene in 214 BC while attempting to take the city.
After several battles, Huo captured many prisoners and a golden idol used for sacrifices to the Sky.
Berke supported Ariq Böke in the Toluid Civil War, but did not intervene militarily in the war.
These two kings were still too young to rule in their own right, so their mothers ruled on their behalf.
She is described as a strong personality and politically gifted.
Sabr ad-Din I was a sultan of the Ifat Sultanate.
In retaliation, Louis I confiscated Bogdan's estates in Maramureș in 1365.
According to Taddesse Tamrat, he was the son of Jan Seyum and brother of Kedus Harbe.
Emperor Reizei was the 63rd emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.
Crateuas was succeeded by Orestes and Aeropus II.
Karaindaš was one of the more prominent rulers of the Kassite dynasty and reigned towards the end of the 15th century, BC.
His kingdom seems to have been substantial, including probably Sogdiana to the north, and Margiana and Ariana to the south or east of Bactria.
Victorious Seljuqs became masters of Khurasan, expanding their power into Transoxiana and across Iran.
Contemporary chroniclers referred to him as "Theodericus de Phlardirtinga" and as margrave thereof.
Batu Khan, also known as Sain Khan and Tsar Batu, was a Mongol ruler and founder of the Golden Horde, division of the Mongol Empire.
It is not clear why Zhizhi would want a fortress since the great advantage of the Xiongnu was their mobile cavalry.
Her sister and brother-in-law were parents to Patriarch Theodotos I of Constantinople.
Mohammad Khan died comfortably, a prisoner in his own house in Tabriz.
An alternate spelling is Kandace, Kandake, or Kentake.
Kateregga Kamegere was Kabaka of the Kingdom of Buganda between 1644 and 1674.
Khensa was a Nubian queen dated to the Twenty-fifth Dynasty of Egypt.
Indravarman I was a ruler of Khmer Empire who reigned from Hariharalaya between 877/78 and 889/890 AD.
He was at one time engaged in hostilities with Athens over Amphipolis, and he was distinguished for his patronage of men of letters.
"Batu" or "Bat" literally means "firm" in the Mongolian language.
24th Ruler was an ajaw of the Maya city of Tikal.
Her coffin is one of the earliest sources for this funerary composition.
He married Eurydice and they had a son Alexander.
Darius also worked on construction projects throughout the empire, focusing on Susa, Pasargadae, Persepolis, Babylon and Egypt.
He was succeeded by his nephew Maharajah Ayilyam Thirunal in 1860.
He is also known as Jayachchandra in inscriptions, and Jaichand in vernacular legends.
He was brother of Munjong of Joseon and uncle of Danjong of Joseon.
Amun-her-khepeshef was the eldest son and appointed heir of Pharaoh Ramesses III.
The spoils were offered to Inca Viracocha to tread on, but he refused, stating Inca Urco should do so, as his successor.
The Church of the East was also involved in the process.
Bintanath was the firstborn daughter and later Great Royal Wife of the Egyptian Pharaoh Ramesses II.
Esen taish had dug a hole in the center of the main ger and concealed it with felt.
He ruled during a period of instability due to incursions of Aramean nomadic tribesmen in Northwest Babylonia.
To give his plan a success he decided to stay in Bhanpura to form a large army and manufacture cannons.
Claudius adopted by a L. Catilius, in spite of the existence of senatorial Cn.
His brother, Tsewang Rabtan, led the Dzungar invasion and occupation of Tibet in 1717.
Haji Muhammad Ali Khan Zarnavai was first khan of Shirvan.
Prince Giorgi Mikhailovitch Shervashidze, titular Prince of Abkhazia was the son of Mikhail, Prince of Abkhazia.
He was notable for opposing the Arab allies of Henry Morton Stanley.
For much of his reign he was in poor health and died unmarried at the age of twenty-four.
He acceded to the throne on April 6, 572 at age 47 and ruled until his death.
Shortly after Abdallah came to power, three of his younger brothers fled the country and joined the Ottoman Turks.
Barakat ibn Umar Din was a Sultan of the Sultanate of Adal and brother of Ali ibn Umar Din.
She was also the mother of Javanese hero-king Airlangga.
He was assassinated by supporters of Michael the Amorian, one of his most trusted generals, who succeeded him on the throne.
Recognised by the Emperor Honorius in 409, Constantine suffered a collapse of support and military setbacks that led to his abdication in 411.
Sometime in the 2nd century BC, however, the Dacians expelled the Celts from their lands.
Aelia Eudoxia was the Empress consort of the Byzantine Emperor Arcadius.
He was eventually captured in Tranigain and seems to have been kept in captivity by the new ruler.
His reign spanned the years from 1287 through 1298.
Amon of Judah was a 7th-century BC King of Judah who, according to the biblical account, succeeded his father Manasseh of Judah.
Under him, Assyria became the leading power of the Middle East, a position the kingdom largely maintained for the next five hundred years.
Muhammad of Ghazni was sultan of the Ghaznavid Empire briefly in 1030, and then later from 1040 to 1041.
Chwa I Nabakka was Kabaka of the Kingdom of Buganda.
Through Antony, he was a distant cousin to Roman emperors Caligula, Claudius and Nero and Roman empresses Valeria Messalina, Agrippina the Younger and Claudia Octavia.
Roupen was the son of Thoros II, lord of Armenian Cilicia, by his second wife whose name is unknown.
Isetnofret was one of the Great Royal Wives of Pharaoh Merenptah.
Shaihu Usman dan Fodio, born Usuman ɓii Foduye, was a religious teacher, writer and Islamic promoter, and the founder of the Sokoto Caliphate.
He was popularly known as Sher-i-Punjab, or "Lion of Punjab".
Later historians suggest Elagabalus showed a disregard for Roman religious traditions and sexual taboos.
Another interesting finding that is brought in context with Audulf is the treasure trove of Wiuwert.
By the 1290s, the Hebridean portion of Magnús' former island-kingdom had been incorporated into a newly created Scottish sheriffdom.
Over the next few months, Cnut pillaged most of England.
The history of Macedonia may be said to begin with Amyntas' reign.
Ruling the Eastern Empire for nearly 20 years, Leo proved to be a capable ruler.
Although the Inca in Vilcabamba was no longer ruler of an Indigenous empire, he was still ruler of an independent native state.
In 1444, he was appointed the chief commander of the short-lived League of Lezhë that consolidated nobility throughout what is today Albania.
He is buried in a mausoleum adjacent to the Umayyad Mosque.
His regnal years have been calculated by some as 980 to 947 BC, in succession to his father, Abibaal.
He was later nicknamed "Canmore" and "mòr" denotes "pre-eminent", "great", and "big").
In 1836, he became head of the Accounting and Revenue Agencies.
Sak K'uk' also known as Muwaan Mat, Lady Sak K'uk' and Lady Beastie, was queen of the Maya city-state of Palenque.
He was a member of the House of Karađorđević.
He was succeeded by his son Echestratus.
Soon after this in the 860s the younger brothers start a rebellion against Mutimir after he had given them less and less power.
Tashfin ibn Ali assumed the throne in 1361 in succession to Ibrahim ibn Ali.
He later converted to Christianity and was baptised Carlos Lakandula.
Širikti-šuqamuna, inscribed phonetically in cuneiform mši-rik-ti-dšu-qa-mu-nu and meaning “gift of Šuqamuna”, ca.
Sultan Mansur Shah ibni Almarhum Sultan Muzaffar Shah was the sixth Sultan of Malacca.
This tradition has persisted, and with writers of the early modern age he suffers one of the worst reputations among Roman emperors.
Mune Tsenpo is a Zhangzhung name meaning Namkha Tsenpo or 'Sky King'.
This reign spanned the years 1246 through 1260.
Emperor Kōshō; also known as Mimatsuhikokaeshine no Mikoto; was the fifth emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.
He was a just and good prince, and created many pious foundations within his domains.
Tiglath-Pileser I was a king of Assyria during the Middle Assyrian period.
In the Hebrew Bible he is called Asenappar.
Pleuratus was allied with Bato of Dardania, and they both invaded Macedonia in 199 BC.
Tashedkhonsu is given the title God's Mother on the stela.
Emperor Suinin; also known as Ikumeiribikoisachi no Mikoto; was the 11th emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.
Nameisis or Namejs was a Semigallian duke in the second half of the 13th century.
His actions made him a martyr in Cameroonian eyes.
He eventually escaped with the help of one of his captor's mistresses, Chimpu Orma.
Reigning in the wake of the rout of the Acehnese fleet in 1629, Iskandar Thani was not able to continue his predecessor's military successes.
Tsuchimikado's reign spanned the years from 1198 through 1210.
He has a major role in the Islamization of Central Asia and South Asia.
Dharanindravarman II was a cousin of the king he succeeded, Suryavarman II.
On 17 August 1511, Vlad signed the treaty with the Hungarian King, in which he swore allegiance to the crown.
Prior to becoming Emperor, Titus gained renown as a military commander, serving under his father in Judea during the First Jewish–Roman War.
John succeeded to the throne after his full-brother George was betrayed by his archons on the mountain of Taurezion.
He was the twenty first Kabaka of Buganda.
Hezqeyas or Hezekiah was niguse negest of Ethiopia, and a member of the Solomonic dynasty.
He spoke fluent Divehi, Urdu, Arabic and English.
Nahapana was an important ruler of the Western Kshatrapas, descendant of the Indo-Scythians, in northwestern India.
Dasuki was the first Sultan from the Buhari line of the house of Dan Fodio.
His descendants live in different countries in the world and carry the last names دولتشاهی, Dowlatshahi, Dolatshahi and Doulatchahi.
He was the elder son of Count Edzard II of Ostfriesland and his wife Princess Katarina of Sweden, eldest daughter of King Gustav I of Sweden.
Dappula V was King of Anuradhapura in the 10th century, whose reign lasted from 940 to 952.
This brother was the ruler of Peshawar.
Haraldr was evidently a popular and capable king who appears to have garnered much of his support from the Hebridean portion of his realm.
Zechariah did what was evil in the sight of the Lord.
Longarus was an ally of the Paeonian State and liberated the Paeonians in order to open the routes towards Macedonia.
Yohl Ikʻnal, also known as Lady Kan Ik and Lady K'anal Ik'nal, was queen of the Maya city-state of Palenque.
He re-instituted polytheistic worship and reversed the religious changes made by his father Hezekiah; for which he is condemned by several Biblical texts.
The Government of India issued a postage stamp in honour of Maharaja Agresen in 1976.
Abhaya was king of Upatissa Nuwara from 474 BC to 454 BC.
It was not until the latter's death in 1948 that his legitimacy was recognised by the people of Tunisia.
Edzard was proclaimed an outlaw by the emperor.
Inscriptions say that the Khmer empire under his tutelage extended to southern Vietnam, Laos and much of Thailand and as far north as southern China.
He was succeeded by his son Kiurike III and grandson Abbas II.
Theodore was the scion of a distinguished Byzantine aristocratic family related to the imperial Komnenos, Doukas, and Angelos dynasties.
He represented the second generation of the Bugis Dynasty of Aceh and ruled from 1735 to 1760.
Emperor Reigen was the 112th emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.
He was the son of King Khama III by his first wife, Mma-Besi.
Mohammad Benkan assumed power after Askiya Musa was assassinated.
However, Mir Jafar was in conflict with the East India company over too many demands and tried to tie up with the Dutch East India Company.
At one point Óláfr, who had been given possession of Lewis, complained to Rögnvaldr that his lands were not enough.
He succeeded on the death of his uncle George Augustus Frederic II, 27 November 1865 and was crowned, c. 23 May 1866.
The sultan died in Malé at the residence of Moonimaa'ge.
He began his reign when his mother, Xihuiquenitzin Ziuhcaltzin died in about 833.
He was the only child known to hold the office of Emperor of Trebizond.
Bardylis was a king of the Dardanian Kingdom and probably its founder.
On Aurangzeb’s plea, Shah Jahan sanctioned the invasion of Bijapur and gave him a free hand to deal with the situation.
Tugstumur Khan, the brother of Ayurshirdara Khan and son of Togoontumur Khan, was a Khanate ruler in the late 14th century.
Mithridates II is counted as the greatest of the Parthian kings, under whom the empire reached its greatest extent.
By 1793 British East India company took complete control of Bengal, making Mansur Khan just a titular ruler under the British Raj.
Ibrahim Pasha was the eldest son of Muhammad Ali, the Wāli and unrecognised Khedive of Egypt and Sudan.
His paternal uncle was Ariaramnes and his first cousin was Arsames.
Arsinoe III Philopator was Queen of Egypt.
Hezekiah was, according to the Hebrew Bible, the son of Ahaz and the 13th king of Judah.
During the reign of Keakealanikane several of the more powerful of the district chiefs had assumed an attitude of comparative independence.
Chedihou Chanyu reigned during one of the most aggressive periods in the Chinese history, and one of the many troubled periods in the Hunnic history.
Jien's Gukanshō explains that Kōkō was called "the Emperor of Komatsu".
As a consequence, Domitian was popular with the people and army, but considered a tyrant by members of the Roman Senate.
He was among the earliest rulers in the Horn region to mint coins.
He died in the sixth year of his reign and was succeeded by his nephew, Mahinda II.
He further issued ticket rice to the three chapters of sangha Maha Vihara, Abhayagiri and Jethavana - Theriya, Dhammaruchi and Sagali sects.
He was succeeded by his son, Danjong of Joseon.
Telerig succeeded in having the emperor betray his own agents in Bulgaria, who were duly rounded up and executed.
Nevertheless, four years later, at the death of Gyeongjong, Yeongjo ascended the throne.
Gediminas was Grand Duke of Lithuania from 1315 or 1316 until his death.
In Jewish tradition, she was exiled by the Pharaoh for bringing Moses the Levite into the house of Pharaoh and claiming him as her own child.
He dispatched Kun Si-li Ren-nong-la to visit China.
Between 550 BC and 375 BC, the Magonid Family of Carthage played a central role in the political and military affairs of the Carthaginian Empire.
After Asen was murdered by a boyar in 1196, Theodor-Peter appointed Kaloyan to rule Asen's former realm.
Knowledge of him is limited to a few broken monuments: the Tablet of the 96 glyphs, the Creation Tablet, the House B Mural?
His heir apparent was one Ioannikios, who was confined to a monastery and John's second brother Manuel I ascended the throne.
He was three months old and installed as king by General Ayasmantha succeeding Kalyanavati as king of Polonnaruwa and was succeeded by his father Anikanga.
Madam Lucy was the matriarch of one of Sierra Leone's most powerful noble families.
Pramoda Devi and he was formally renamed Yaduveer Krishnadatta Chamaraja Wadiyar.
He succeeded his father Mohammed ash-Sheikh as Sultan of Morocco.
The Imperial Household Agency recognizes Kujō no misasagi near Tōfuku-ji in Fushimi-ku, Kyoto as his tomb.
He was the brother and successor of Peroz I, who had died in a battle against the Hephthalite invasion of Iran from the east.
The monuments associated with Dark Sun are: Stela 24; Altar 7; Temple 3 Lintel 2?.
Emperor Kōgon was the first of the Emperors of Northern Court during the Period of the Northern and Southern Courts in Japan.
Despite his warmaking, he was also a builder.
John Albert broke into Moldavia in 1497, but Stephen and his Hungarian and Ottoman allies routed the Polish army in the Battle of the Cosmin Forest.
He reigned for 6 years and died in 1049.
In the 12th century, Geoffrey of Monmouth started the legend of Caracalla's role as the king of Britain.
Marwan ibn Muhammad ibn Marwan or Marwan II was an Umayyad caliph who ruled from 744 until 750 when he was killed.
After the defeat of Almagro, Manco retreated to Vilcabamba, inviting some of Almagro's supporters to take refuge with him.
He is also credited as having helped the Pandyas in their last few years and invaded the southern Dambadeniya-based kingdoms.
He built a vihara and a Meheni Aramaya and endowed it with the income of two villages.
After death of his father, he inherited the throne.
Other potential appearances in the records are likewise uncertain until 979, the point from which Thored's period as ealdorman can be accurately dated.
He took the throne on 30 December 721, reigning until c.736.
Marcus Aurelius was the last of the so-called Five Good Emperors.
Totila was succeeded by his relative, Teia, who later died at the Battle of Mons Lactarius.
He succeeded his father Mahanama as King of Anuradhapura and was succeeded by his step sister Chattagahaka Jantu.
Born at Telq in the province of Fatajar, Zara Yaqob was the youngest son of Dawit I and his youngest queen, Igzi Kebra.
He is notable for being the first Eastern Emperor to legislate in Greek rather than Latin.
He was often referred to simply as Choekyi Gyaltsen, although this is also the name of several other notable figures in Tibetan history.
Jomei's reign spanned the years from 629 through 641.
Many consider him to be the greatest Southern African military leader after the Zulu king Tshaka.
Kanta was once the Leka-fari and a Barde, one of the great captains of Askia Mohammed.
Based on these sources, it appears that Pilate was an equestrian of the Pontii family, and succeeded Valerius Gratus as prefect of Judaea in AD 26.
Idris' death marked the end of the Almohad caliphate.
Taking advantage of the beleaguered situation of Perkasa Alam they launched a revolt.
He managed to send Modu as a hostage to the Yuezhi.
Amidst growing opposition, Elagabalus, just 18 years old, was assassinated and replaced by his cousin Severus Alexander on 11 March 222.
Ali bin Muhammad Ali al-Sulayhi was the founder and sultan of the Sulayhid dynasty in Yemen.
Eurydice was an ancient Greek queen from Macedon, wife of king Amyntas III of Macedon.
Vijaya Kumara was King of Anuradhapura in the 3rd century, whose reign lasted from 247 to 248.
Bolesław III Wrymouth has been recognized by historiography as a symbol of Polish political aspirations until well into the 19th century.
Askia had become blind, and none of the sons were aware of it because Ali Fulan stuck so close to his side.
His half-brother Titu Cusi Yupanqui took control of Vilcabamba and the Inca resistance to the Spanish.
actually represents a corrupted form of the name of the second brother of the four usurpers .
Horus name: Kanakht KhaemnepetNebty Name: NednetjeruGolden Horus Name: UftikhesutnebutPrenomen: SameryamunNomen: Harsiotef
1157–1140 BC, was the founder of the 2nd Dynasty of Isin, which was to rule Babylon until around 1025 BC.
They put to death both his stepmother and the younger brother and even some important retainers who did not obey and go along.
This land is stated to have previously belonged to Eormenred.
During Sigeberht's reign the cause of Christianity in East Anglia was advanced greatly, even though his co-ruler Ecgric probably remained a pagan.
He was the eldest son of King Sejong and succeeded him in 1450, but died of disease two years later.
However, this account is not historically accurate.
The Visigothic leader thereupon laid siege to Rome in 408.
Donnchadh mac Briain, formerly anglicised as Donough O'Brian, son of Brian Bóruma and Gormflaith ingen Murchada, was King of Munster.
Emperor Go-Toba was the 82nd emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.
Emperor Go-Tsuchimikado was the 103rd emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.
Iron Hail joined the Ghost Dance movement and was in Spotted Elk's band along with his parents, siblings, wife and child.
He took on the title of Sultan Sallehuddin of Selangor in 1742.
Theodore continued his brother's policy of territorial expansion.
Ajit Singh is known for providing financial support to Vivekananda, and encouraging him to speak at the Parliament of the World's Religions at Chicago in 1893.
Lothair was the eldest son of the Carolingian emperor Louis the Pious and his wife Ermengarde of Hesbaye, daughter of Ingerman the duke of Hesbaye.
He succeeded his father Abbas ibn Shith in 1060, after the latter was deposed by the Ghaznavid sultan Ibrahim.
Philip was attractive and charismatic as a young man.
He took the throne on August 7, 360?
He was a successive military campaigner who extended the northern kingdom of Israel.
Shocked by Musa's ruthless actions to eliminate rivals, his brothers conspired together and killed him.
He is usually known by his nickname Mé Aktsom "Bearded Grandfather", which was given to him later in life because he was so hirsute.
These goats were large and were assigned special care.
He is credited with bringing the first Constitution of Maldives on 22 December 1932.
She holds a master's degree in Administration from International University in London.
He died in the town of Aphytis, in the peninsula of Pallene.
He was recognized by the Roman Catholic Church as patron saint of Denmark in 1101.
Prince Imperial Heungchin was a prince of the Joseon Dynasty and of the Korean Empire.
Succeeding his father, al-Mansur reigned from 1184 to 1199.
Abu Zakariya Yahya al-Wattasi was governor of Salé.
He claimed to be the Emperor Alexios II Komnenos, who had been murdered in 1183.
The name written as Dsariadris might be a Greek corruption of the name Bagdassar.
Desa was the youngest of three sons of Uroš I, the Grand Prince of Serbia from c. 1112 to 1145.
The primary source for Eorpwald is the Ecclesiastical History of the English People, written by Bede in the 8th century.
In 337 BC Pleurias almost succeeded in killing Philip II of Macedon when he was on his Balkan campaigns.
Crow Dog was one of the leaders who helped popularize the Ghost Dance.
The Athenian cultivation of Artas was therefore a good way to create difficulties for the Spartan colony of Taras.
Mazen Asfour now is a professor in the History of Arts and Art Aesthetics at University of Jordan
Algirdas was a ruler of medieval Lithuania.
He was the son of king Vijayabahu I and the Queen Thilokasundari who was a Kalinga princess.
Artemidoros Aniketos was a king who ruled in the area of Gandhara and Pushkalavati in modern northern Pakistan and Afghanistan.
She was the ariki of the Tinomana dynasty, a chiefdom of the Puaikura tribe on the island of Rarotonga.
Bato was an Illyrian king of the Dardanian State.
In 344 BC Philip II had inherited from his father a quarrel with the Illyrians and found no means of reconciling his disagreement.
In 1472, Ahmed Khan entered into alliance with the Polish king Casimir IV against Ivan III.
Her full name and title was Te Arikinui Te Atairangikaahu.
Vigrahapala III also faced another invasion led by the Somavamsi king Mahasivagupta Yayati of Orissa.
Modu thereupon knew that his left and right could be used [for the task].
He was the cousin of Jayanegara, king of Majapahit in 1309–1328, and the grandson of Tribhuwanaraja, king of Melayu Kingdom.
The Roman Senate received news of his coronation.
She was the second ariki of importance and position next to Makea Takau.
But Mleh, whom Thoros II had expelled from Cilicia for embracing the Muslim faith, almost undid his brother’s work.
After securing Ordos, the Han dynasty shifted to the west against the Xiongnu tribes in modern Gansu province.
Krishnadevaraya was the emperor of the Vijayanagara Empire from 1509 to 1529.
Comosicus was a Dacian king and high priest who lived in the 1st century BC.
Nopaltzin's son Tlotzin Pochotl, the Hawk, continued his father's civilizing efforts.
Mu'izz al-Dawla also fought against the Batihah amirate several times, but was unable to decisively defeat it.
He was then rewarded as governor of Khorasan, which marked the beginning of the Tahirid dynasty.
Ajit Singh was later adopted to Khetri and after the death of Fateh Singh, he became the eighth king of Khetri in 1870.
Saddha Tissa was the son of Kavan Tissa of Ruhuna and the brother of Dutthagamani.
Henry also gave Holland the Grote Waard, at the cost of the bishopric of Utrecht.
Mahallaka Naga was the King of Anuradhapura from the House of Lambakanna I.
Anou was known by his father's regal number until recently discovered records disclosed that his father and brother had the same regal name.
He was a member of the Timurid dynasty.
In fact, a Kandake could order the king to commit suicide to end his rule, an order that he was required to follow.
He had the support of the Roman Senate and was able to distribute land to his followers without much opposition.
He is referred to as "son of God" in the Testament of Ba.
The last king of the Wuffingas dynasty, Ælfwald succeeded his father Ealdwulf, who had ruled for forty-nine years.
He was also the 20th Tuʻi Kanokupolu.
Muhammad II ibn Faris briefly assumed the throne after the death of Abu Inan Faris in 1358 before being replaced by Abu Bakr ibn Faris.
He served as Consul of Rome in 499 BC together with Titus Aebutius Elva.
However, he failed to crown himself King of Poland, mainly because of internal and external threats to his rule.
Jettha Tissa I was the eldest son of Gothabhaya and brother of Mahasena.
Tia or Tiya was an Ancient Egyptian princess during the 19th dynasty.
In 993, he fled to Ruhuna, the southern part of the country, when a Chola invasion led by Rajaraja Chola I captured Anuradhapura.
He built a well-organized, well-funded government with a bureaucracy dominated by Christian converts.
In order to improve the financial position of the court he introduced new taxes and reimposed duties on British traders.
Michael III was Byzantine Emperor from 842 to 867.
Pygmalion was king of Tyre from 831 to 785 BC and a son of King Mattan I.
Moreover, the whole period between the reigns of Trisong Detsen and Sadnalegs is very unclear, with several conflicting reports.
From this position, he progressively extended his domain first over all Imerina and then over the greater Highlands, absorbing the Betsileo, Sihanaka, Bezanozano and Bara territories.
Tridu Songtsen, Tridu Songtsän or Dusong Mangban, was an emperor of the Tibetan Empire from 676 to 704.
Tetisheri was the matriarch of the Egyptian royal family of the late 17th Dynasty and early 18th Dynasty.
The key argument for a fabrication is that Darius had reason to invent the story since he had no particular rights to the throne.
The accession of Nopaltzin to the throne was celebrated with acclamations and rejoicings, for forty days.
In 705 Emperor Justinian II named him Caesar, the first foreigner to receive this title.
David is mentioned in a single document dated AM 4746 which contains a reference to "our lord David, Prince of the Khazars, who lives in Taman."
He succeeded his older brother Abhaya after his deposition.
In Serbian epic poetry, he is referred to as Tsar Lazar.
For an early Litunga, see Mwanawina I.
On his death, Nero annexed his kingdom as the province of Alpes Cottiae.
Yaqob I, was nəgusä nägäst of Ethiopia, and a member of the Solomonic dynasty.
He was the third son of Emperor Alexios IV of Trebizond and Theodora Kantakouzene.
George Terter I, of the Terter dynasty ruled as emperor of Bulgaria 1280–1292.
Having been defeated near Pushang, he advised Muhammad to compromise with the Saffarid.
Abu al-Hasan as-Said al-Mutadid was an Almohad caliph who reigned in Morocco from 1242 until his death.
Sambhaji Raje Bhosle was the elder son of Shahaji Bhosale and Jijabai.
Ciniod son of Uuredech was king of the Picts from 763 until 775.
He was the ariki of the Pa dynasty, one of the two chiefdoms of the Takitumu tribe on the island of Rarotonga.
She ruled Persia after her cousin Shapur-i Shahrvaraz.
Shaki was given to Toygun beg Qajar.
The contemporary rendering of this name would seem to be Peibio, as in Garthbeibio, a parish in Montgomeryshire, or Ynys Beibio, near Holyhead.
He was the father of three Parthian kings, Phraates I, who was his successor, Mithridates I, and Artabanus I.
His reign and personal literary works are sometimes associated with early signs of the Renaissance in the Serbian lands.
He is the founder of the Ruhuna.
During this revolt a ruler, Horwennefer took control of Thebes and revolted against Ptolemy IV Philopator.
Charles Higham states this is the last Sanskrit record of Angkor.
The account of his reign is briefly told in 2 Kings.
His reign also marked a blossoming of Byzantine culture, and his building program yielded such masterpieces as the church of Hagia Sophia.
He was the son and successor of the Spoletan Sico.
Among early Christian writers, Philip had the reputation of being sympathetic to the Christian faith.
She is said to have ruled with full power in the Meroë Empire.
During his rule, he was the richest man in Serbia and one of the richest in the Balkans.
Áed secured his hold on kingship partly by submitting to the Connacht high king Ruaidrí Ua Conchobair.
After the fall of Mahmoud Sami el-Baroudi's government, Isma'il Ragheb became Prime Minister of Egypt in 1882.
Besides the aforementioned Dagobert, she bore him the future king Chilperic II.
Since the mana of the tablets went through him at this festival, Nga‘ara was able to assert spiritual primacy over the island.
He oversaw the international trade of the Jaffna kingdom with Yemen via the kingdom's powerful trading ships.
Cynane herself trained her daughter Eurydice II of Macedon after the manner of her own education, in martial exercises.
It is thought that he shared the kingdom with another ruler called Alberht and possibly with a third man, named Hun.
He came to the rescue of the imperial capital three times.
He was the son and successor of Yazdegerd II.
The conquests conclusively defeated and overtook the Mughal empire in India and its vassals.
In 997 Ali took over Khwarazm following his father's death.
Additionally, Pope Theodoros I of Alexandria is also known as Theodosius II in Coptic history.
He found a canopic chest with cosmetic boxes.
He is mentioned in Ferdowsi's Shahnameh written between 977 and 1010, and he is the protagonist of Nizami Ganjavi's romantic epic Haft Peykar, written in 1197.
He was the eldest son of Ashina Tuwu.
In the process he married Michael Asen I's widow, the unnamed daughter of Rostislav Mihailovich, but he was unable to maintain himself on the throne.
Izz al-Din Husayn was the king of the Ghurid dynasty.
Though the real power in Italy was in his hands, he represented himself as the client of the Emperor in Constantinople.
Eudocia lived in a world where Greek paganism and Christianity existed side-by-side with both pagans and non-Orthodox Christians being persecuted.
No firm dates can be assigned to this emperor's life or reign, but he is conventionally considered to have reigned from 485 to 487.
Kayima Sendikaddiwa was Kabaka of the Kingdom of Buganda, between 1494 and 1524.
The war was mostly fought on East Frisian territory, and caused destruction in large areas.
Anna Anachoutlou, was Empress of Trebizond from July 17, 1341 to September 4, 1342.
In 86 AD, however, the king Decebalus successfully re-united the Dacian kingdom under his control.
Oswald was king of East Anglia in the 870s after the death of Edmund the Martyr.
According to E. A. Wallis Budge, Sarwe Iyasus ruled for either four or eight months, and died of plague.
Rajah Tupas was the last Rajah of Cebu in the Pre-Hispanic Philippines.
Bogdan and his retainers left Maramureș for Moldavia between 1359 and 1365.
He was the last High King of Ireland before the Norman invasion.
On his coins, his name appears in Pahlavi script as "npky MLK".
Archelaus I was a king of Macedon from 413 to 399 BC.
Following his appointment as Superintendent of the Maristan in Cairo in 1344, al-Jawli successfully quashed a rebellion by Ismail's brother an-Nasir Ahmad in Karak.
The said alliance was found in a fragment at Olynthus, in unfinished state and thrown into a riverbed suggesting that it was never ratified.
Marzuban ibn Muhammad was the Sallarid ruler of Azerbaijan.
Cleomenes III was one of the two kings of Sparta from 235 to 222 BC.
A statue of him was erected in the park in 2004 but by 2009 was in a state of disrepair.
Astyages was the last king of the Median Empire, r. 585–550 BCE, the son of Cyaxares; he was dethroned in 550 BCE by Cyrus the Great.
He could not exploit his victory because news reached him of the northern chieftains seizing Anuradhapura.
Ultimately though Al Kamil’s efforts were in vain.
Subduing the latter seems to have taken David ten years, a struggle that involved the destruction of Óengus, Mormaer of Moray.
George, along with his father expanded their business and moved to Moldavia.
Upon the father's death, Charles and Louis joined forces against Lothair in a three-year civil war.
3 May 1835, Maheshwar 17 June 1886) was the Maharaja of Indore belonging to the Holkar dynasty of the Marathas.
His rule is remembered as being one of the most tyrannical of all Roman emperors.
The story of his life was written in several records, including Pararaton and Negarakertagama.
Little is known of Eorpwald's life or of his short reign, as little documentary evidence about the East Anglian kingdom has survived.
Emperor Kōan; also known as Yamatotarashihikokunioshihito no Mikoto; was the sixth emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.
After this conflict the Taulantii State of Pleuratus was limited only to the lands along the Adriatic.
Cotiso or Cotison was a Dacian king who apparently ruled the mountains between Banat and Oltenia.
Alexios IV Angelos or Alexius IV Angelus was Byzantine Emperor from August 1203 to January 1204.
He succeeded his half-brother, Zain-ud-Din Ali Khan, after he died on 6 August 1821, without a male issue.
At the end, Tabari's rendition has Yazid exhorting the Iraqis to follow Mansur ibn Jumhur.
Gentius was the last Illyrian king of the Ardiaean State.
He succeeded his father, Nazi-Maruttaš, continuing the tradition of proclaiming himself lugal ki-šár-ra or “king of the world” and went on to reign for eighteen years.
Manuchar I, or Manch I, from the house of Shervashidze, or Chachba, was a prince of the Principality of Abkhazia from circa 1730 to 1757.
He was killed at the age of 18, 19 or 25 on the day of ‘Ashura’, in Karbala’.
Ayocuan was educated in the town of Quimixtlan.
He served as a Roman consul in 494 BC together with Titus Veturius Geminus Cicurinus.
He married princess Cuetlaxochitzin, daughter of king Xolotl.
His reign marked the high point of the Samanid dynasty's fortunes.
Constantine II, also Kostandin II, was the fourth lord of Armenian Cilicia or “Lord of the Mountains”.
Yassalalaka Tissa was King of Anuradhapura in the 1st century, whose reign lasted from 52 to 60.
He may have lived in the early 1st century.
Malekeh-Jahan was the queen consort and cousin of Mohammad Ali Shah, and a member of the Qajar dynasty.
The Croats warred against the Franks during his rule and avoided defeat until 803 – a year after his death.
Dingane kaSenzangakhona Zulu—commonly referred to as Dingane or Dingaan—was a Zulu chief who became king of the Zulu Kingdom in 1828.
She reigned from about 40 BCE to 10 BCE.
Dragimir had a son, Stefan Vojislav, who would become ruler of Duklja in the 1030s, and the founder of the House of Vojislavljević.
Nebettawy was an Ancient Egyptian princess and queen, the fifth daughter and one of the eight Great Royal Wives of Pharaoh Ramesses II.
Soththisena was King of Anuradhapura in the 5th century, whose reign lasted the year 434.
The Jethavana stupa was also built by Mahasen.
He was the grandson of Sultan Alauddin al-Kahar.
He ordered his son Perseus to blockade the pass leading into Pelagonia.
She reigned from 1688 to 1699, being the fourth and last ruling queen in succession.
He was a strategist and military commander who commanded forces across the Indian subcontinent.
Bernard II was the Duke of Saxony between 1011 and 1059, the third of the Billung dynasty as a son of Bernard I and Hildegard.
Sejo of Joseon was the seventh king of the Joseon Dynasty of Korea.
Some consider his reign to begin the falling into decay of the Lý Dynasty because of his erroneous determinations.
His great victory at the Battle of Tara against Olaf Cuaran in 980 resulted in Gaelic control of the Kingdom of Dublin.
His name does not appear in the longer king lists.
He was the first king who successfully unified the tribes of the Dacian kingdom.
Etuta and the royal family were sent to Spoletum, to be kept under observation.
The other rival faction was the House of Drăculeşti.
Maharaja Keshri Singh was the ruling Maharaja of Bharatpur.
He seized the throne of the sultanate from his uncle, Muhammad of Ghazni, in revenge for the murder of his father, Mas'ud I of Ghazni.
Ratu Seru Epenisa Cakobau was a Fijian Ratu and warlord who united part of Fiji's warring tribes under his leadership, establishing a united Fijian kingdom.
Mohammad Karim Khan Zand, better known as Karim Khan Zand, was the founder of the Zand Dynasty, ruling from 1751 to 1779.
Another daughter Anka married Emperor Stefan Uroš V of Serbia.
After Belisarius retreated to Constantinople in 549, Totila recaptured Rome, going on to complete the reconquest of Italy and Sicily.
The Marinids then took the opportunity to conquer Fes, reducing the Almohads’ effective control to the Marrakesh area.
Bhuvanaikabahu V was King of Gampola who ruled from 1372/3 to 1391/2.
The latter then brought him to Delhi in 1232 AD along with other slaves and all of them were purchased by Iltutmish.
He was succeeded by his uncle Sultan Mughal who was the vassal lord of Priaman.
812 BC, was the 9th king of the Dynasty of E, a mixed dynasty of kings of Babylon, but probably for less than a year.
Under him the Lombards became fœderati of the Byzantines, signing a treaty with Justinian I which gave them power in Pannonia and the north.
He was son of Sihyaj Chan K'awiil II and Lady Ahiin.
After 11 years on the throne, Sultan Alauddin was reported in history to have died of mysterious causes.
Although he appointed an iconodule, Nikephoros as patriarch, Emperor Nikephoros was portrayed as a villain by ecclesiastical historians like Theophanes the Confessor.
After his death, Mutik Tsenpo was next in line to the throne.
Trisong had five wives, all from Tibetan noble families.
Under his rule, the Shaddadid dynasty reached its zenith.
Eurycratides was the thirteenth king of Sparta from the Agiad dynasty.
Monuments in his honour were built in many towns in the independent Republic of Lithuania during the interwar period, from 1918–1939.
She made sure that Jever was given to Oldenburg after her death.
Abdul "Tapa" Medjid Bey Ortsa Tchermoeff was the only Prime Minister of the Mountainous Republic of the Northern Caucasus.
Four years later, he was again mentioned as voivode in a charter, which was the last record of his presence in Maramureș.
His reign is not well documented, thus little is known about him.
He ruled with his brother Abbas I.
Ballaios was not mentioned by any ancient writers.
He also served as the Angevin bailli in the Principality of Achaea from 1297 to 1300.
Andronikos III Palaiologos, commonly Latinized as Andronicus III Palaeologus, was Byzantine emperor from 1328 to 1341.
An important work on Vedas was completed during his time.
During his later reign, the nobles of Ghor requested aid from the Ghaznavid sultan Ibrahim, who marched towards Ghor and deposed Abbas ibn Shith.
Antiochus V Eupator was a ruler of the Greek Seleucid Empire who reigned 163–161 BC.
He was the son of either Gunnar or Oslac, northern ealdormen.
1099–1082 BC, was the sixth king of the 2nd Dynasty of Isin and the 4th Dynasty of Babylon.
They suffered greatly from cold and only 3,000 people reached Kangju.
Kigeli I together with his son Sekarongoro I staged a defensive fight against Cwamali's army around what is modern day Kigali city.
In 1555, however, he regularized relations with the Ottoman Empire through the Peace of Amasya.
Philip and his wife received letters from Origen.
He and his brother were the khan jointly.
Al-Muzaffar Taqi al-Din Umar was the Ayyubid prince of Hama from 1179 to 1191 and a general of Saladin.
Omurtag was a Great Khan of Bulgaria from 814 to 831.
Born as Wali-ullah Abul-Mansur Khan, Ablai Khan belonged to the senior branch of descendants of the 15th century founder of the Kazakh state, Janybek Khan.
Kashyapa was killed in the battle that ensued.
On Ashot's death, Gurgen usurped the throne from Ashot's sons and reigned as king until his own death in 1003.
According to Coedès, the main accomplishment of Bhavavarman's reign was the expansion of Kamboja into the Mekong river valley, attacking both Funan.
He became king at the age of 12 and reigned for 55 years.
In 219 BC when Philip was in the Peloponnese, Longarus freed Paeonia and their capital, Bylazora, but Philip captured Bylazora from them in 217 BC.
According to his monument inscription, while recalling this massacre he says "their men young and old I took prisoners.
Khadija had her brother, the Sultan Ahmed Shihabuddine assassinated and took the throne for herself in 1347, becoming the first female ruler of Theemuge Dynasty.
His death marked the end of the Roman Empire, which had continued in the East for 977 years after the fall of the Western Roman Empire.
Balash was the nineteenth king of the Sasanian Empire from 484 to 488.
Sultan Mughal was one of the five sons of Sultan Alauddin al-Kahar.
In 1013, King Sweyn Forkbeard of Denmark invaded England, as a result of which Æthelred fled to Normandy in 1013 and was replaced by Sweyn.
Antoku's tomb is said to be located in a number of places around western Japan, including the island of
Sultan Hussein Kamel was the Sultan of Egypt from 19 December 1914 to 9 October 1917, during the British protectorate over Egypt.
Jettha Tissa III was King of Anuradhapura in the 7th century, whose reign lasted from 623 to 624.
The martyrdom of Adalbert in 997 and his imminent canonization were used to consolidate Poland's autonomy from the Holy Roman Empire.
But this merely irritated the supporters of Constans II, and Valentinus spread rumors that Martina and Heraklonas intended to eliminate Constans and his supporters.
Despite disagreements, the Almohad coalition had hitherto loyally lined up behind the new caliph.
No textual evidence of his reign is known, but some of his coins are known from the same period.
Even their sheep, who carry them, are large and wear silver shoes.
Naparaye was a Nubian queen dated to the Twenty-fifth Dynasty of Egypt.
Rustam I, was the ninth ruler of the Bavand dynasty from 867 to 896.
He organized a new uniform monetary system, along with making Aramaic the official language of the empire.
Most of what is known about Jeconiah is found in the Hebrew Bible.
This was most likely bribery of the Armenian army by King Antiochus III.
His burial at the Deal Monastery was arranged by his mother.
Soon after, he initiated reforms to rebuild and strengthen the military.
Omri is also credited with the construction of Samaria and establishing it as his capital.
According to the Chronicle of Mann, Guðrøðr appointed Óláfr as heir since he had been born "in lawful wedlock".
In the 1240s, following attempts to purchase the Isles from Hákon, Alexander II, King of Scots resorted to warfare to win the region.
During this time, Mysore saw significant expansion and also recognition by the Mughal empire as a tributary state.
Daughter of a pharaoh, possibly Intef II, and mother of pharaoh Mentuhotep II, she was the queen of Intef III.
Sree Padmanabhadasa Sree Uthradom Thirunal Marthanda Varma was the titular Maharaja of Travancore.
Matshobana KaMangete was a South African and Mthwakazian traditional and ancestral leader.
Eze Nri Jiọfọ I was the fifth king of Nri Kingdom after succeeding Eze Nri Ọmalọ.
Later versions of the Life reveal the high quality of written Old English produced in East Anglia during Ælfwald's reign.
After returning to Rome Silvanus was charged for actions related to his governance but was acquitted by the Emperor.
Don Juan married a niece of Carlos Ometochtzin, a Texocan lord who was burnt at the stake in 1539 for continuing to practise the pre-Hispanic religion.
He is thought to be the first of the dynasty actually to rule from the city of Babylon.
In 1758, Robert Clive discovered that through his agent Khoja Wajid, Jafar had made a treaty with the Dutch at Chinsurah.
After the Romanian Orthodox Church canonized him in 1992, he is venerated as Stephen the Great and Holy.
She also promised two minas of gold to each of them if they won the battle, which they did.
Over his reign Musinga struggled with three major issues.
Alan later played a considerable part in Alexander II of Scotland's northern English ambitions during the violent aftermath of John's repudiation of Magna Carta.
His wealthy mother's family gave gifts to the officials of the sultan in order to purchase back the throne.
Tuya's daughter, Princess Tia, was married to a high-ranking civil servant who was also called Tia.
More importantly, he seized both the Lands of the Previous Incas and the Lands of the Sun.
Maharajadhiraj Raj Rajeshwar Shrimant Malhar Rao II Holkar VII Subadar Bahadur, belonging to the Holkar dynasty of the Marathas was the Maharaja Holkar of Indore.
He became king after orchestrating a coup d'état against his father.
He killed his brother Ali Shah for the throne.
During that time, the Dardanian State grew stronger and extended its borders in the south and in the north.
For a further explanation, see the Astarymus article.
In 1603 Za Dengel was made Emperor by Ras Za Sellase, who intended Za Dengel to be little more than a figurehead.
In Greek mythology, Eurysthenes was one of the Heracleidae, a great-great-great-grandson of Heracles, and a son of Aristodemus and Argia.
A few years later, Magnús successfully made his return to the island and was proclaimed king.
Emperor Higashiyama was the 113th emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.
Vira Bahu I was son of Nissanka Malla and king of the Kingdom of Polonnaruwa, in present-day Sri Lanka.
After losing a battle against Karim Khan Zand, he was captured and executed in Isfahan.
The two were married in 668 despite the opposition of the Bishop Leodegar.
Pa Upoko Takau Ariki was a sovereign of the Cook Islands.
Siri Naga II was King of Anuradhapura in the 3rd century, whose reign lasted from 245 to 247.
From his early childhood, Artaxias enjoyed copying the customs, clothes, also loved hunting and feasting, along with other pastimes associated with the Armenians.
Early sources, including Bede's Ecclesiastical History of the English People, identify him as an early member of the Wuffingas dynasty who succeeded his father Wuffa.
However, Jafar failed to satisfy constant British demands for money.
Nakhtneith was a Queen consort of ancient Egypt.
Subsequently, around 30,000 Gothic soldiers defected to Alaric, and joined his march on Rome to avenge their murdered families.
He was the son of Tokhtamysh, Khan of the Golden Horde until 1395.
He was the son of a wealthy shepherd from the mountains of the Byzantine theme of Paristrion.
This code increased the development of mining in Serbia, which has been the main economic backbone of Serbian Despotate.
He was the brother of Ecgbert, Archbishop of York.
Musa resolved to depose his aging father Askia Mohammad I, this he achieved on 15 Aug 1529 in a bloodless coup.
Shivaji II posthumously became father of a son, later called Rajaram II of Satara who was brought up in obscurity for his own protection.
King Kigeli I Mukobanya withdrew from his palace with his cows and re-positioned across Nyabarongo River.
A Chichimec ruler, the son of the celebrated King Xolotl.
He was the son and successor of Izz al-Din Husayn.
After the defeat of Gentius in 168 BC, Etuta along with other important Illyrians were taken to Italy.
He was attacked by Levan of Kakheti in 1521.
In 1419, after the death of Sai Lue Thai, his sons Phaya Ram and Phaya Ban Meuang fought for the throne.
He succeeded Aggabodhi III as King of Anuradhapura and was succeeded by Kassapa II.
Like his son, Osman, and their future descendants, Ertuğrul is often referred to as a Ghazi, a heroic champion fighter for the cause of Islam.
However, she was later killed by an arrow that impacted her heart, the presumable "punishment" by the Amerindians for having shown alliance to the Spanish.
According to an inscription in Kawa he died in his palace at Meroe.
Kubad was the thirteenth Shah of Shirvan.
Asa died two years into the coregency.
The prefect Liberius reclaimed the south of the Iberian peninsula, establishing the province of Spania.
Kan Bahlam I, also known as Chan Bahlum I, was an ajaw of the Maya city-state of Palenque.
He took over after the Fatimid overlordship by Ubayd Allah al-Mahdi Billah in 937 until his death in 948.
The Dalai Lama has always been an important figure of the Gelug tradition.
After his death the kingdom returned to anarchy.
His major contribution was the brilliant suggestion that the patronymic ho Delaiastartou of Codex Laurentianus .
The date of his birth is unknown, and he died in 1308/1309.
He succeeded Aggabodhi III and was succeeded by Aggabodhi III as King of Anuradhapura.
He thus became renowned as a wise king.
Crowned co-emperor during his father's reign, he later served in the armies of Emperor Alexios I Komnenos.
Theophylact or Theophylaktos was the eldest son of the Byzantine emperor Michael I Rhangabe and grandson, on his mother's side, of Nikephoros I.
Both the Babylonian Chronicle and the Ptolemaic Canon begin with his accession to the throne.
Gofraid/Gofhraidh was sometimes also used for Guðrøðr.
Although Baeda Maryam I promptly took punitive measures, in de Almeida's day they were "still rigorously watched".
In the winter of 1040/1041 Isma'il was defeated by Shah Malik and forced to flee to the Seljuks.
He was the second son of Mahmud Shah of Malacca.
Being too young to be the ruler, his regents were his mother, Serbian princess Milica Despina and his uncle, Preda Craiovescu of the Craiovești family.
Her parentage was recorded in the chronicles of Theophylact Simocatta, Paul the Deacon and John of Biclaro.
In summer 1279, the crusaders made several attempts to conquer back their lost positions.
Divashtich, was a medieval Sogdian ruler in Transoxiana during the period of the Muslim conquest of Transoxiana.
At the end of his reign, Demetrius defended his domain from the tribal peoples of the north.
He was a captain, environmentalist and a military strategist.
Despite several sacrifices and desperate attempts on the part of Sikandar, he could not satisfy the growing greed of the Mughals.
After Husayn's death in 1146, he was succeeded by his son Sayf al-Din Suri.
Borna had died between January and October 821, during a war against Frankish rebel Ljudevit, Duke of Lower Pannonia.
The third was Ochus, son of Artaxerxes I by his concubine Cosmartidene of Babylon and satrap of Hyrcania.
The Persian doctors of religion were granted full freedom to preach the Shi’ah doctrine and were paid by the State for their missionary activities.
He is mentioned in the prophetic literature as an ideal king and an ancestor of a future Messiah, and many psalms are ascribed to him.
He succeeded his brother Dappula I as King of Anuradhapura and was succeeded by Aggabodhi IV.
Upon the death of the king, the nobles from every part of the country assembled, to render to the body, due funeral honours.
A member of the extended imperial family, Alexios came to throne after deposing, blinding, and imprisoning his younger brother Isaac II Angelos.
His name was first cited in the Arch of Augustus of Susa engraving.
Shero was prisoned by Arabs when Trdat came back to throne.
In the autumn, a united crusader army attacked Tērvete with war machines.
Reizei's reign spanned the years from 967 through 969.
Tabekenamun was a daughter of King Piye and may have been a queen consort to her brother Taharqa.
His brother's grandson is Ramakrishna Ranga Rao became the Chief Minister of Madras Presidency after dyarchy was established.
However, the Semigallians managed to capture several prisoners, including order's marshal who was sent to duke Traidenis and eventually killed.
He was succeeded by his brother, Amr ibn al-Layth.
Artaxias III, also known as Zeno-Artaxias, Artaxes or Artashes was a prince of the Bosporan, Pontus, Cilicia, Cappadocia and Roman Client King of Armenia.
Gerad Hamar Gale or Xamar Gale, known in full as Gerad Hassan Gerad Abdullahi Dhidhin, was a Somali ruler.
Husayn also had 6 other sons who later divided the Ghurid kingdom among themselves.
In Greek and Latin sources, Darius subsequently gains kingship by cheating in a contest.
Ştefan Rareş was ruler of Moldavia in 1551 and 1552.
His short-lived reign helped the dynasty establish a stronghold in the deccan.
Mentuhotep was an Ancient Egyptian queen of the Second Intermediate Period, wife of pharaoh Djehuti.
Under the pretext of restoring him, in 1109 Emperor Henry V invaded Poland, but was defeated at Głogów.
After his marriage with Isabella, he had one daughter: Matilda.
He ruled over Mesembria and Lemnos, before becoming Despot in the Morea in 1449.
She succeeded her uncle Makea Abera Ariki in 1871.
He was born on 16 October 1861 in Alsisar, India.
Malietoa Talavou was born circa 1810 to Malietoa Vai'inupo Tavita, by his second wife Fuataiotuimaleali'ifano Malietoa Muagututi'a.
He succeeded Toirdhealbhach Ua Conchobhair who died in 1156.
He made administrative reforms which increased the power and the authority of the central government.
The young Alexios IV was strangled in prison, while his father Isaac died shortly afterwards, his death variously attributed to fright, sorrow, or foul play.
He was the son and successor of Marzuban ibn Muhammad.
Oswiu was a devoted Christian, promoting the faith among his subjects and establishing a number of monasteries, including Gilling Abbey and Whitby Abbey.
The archaeologist Charles Bonnet discovered the statue of Tantamani at Kerma in 2003.
His family was connected to the rulers of Ramanathapuram in Tamil Nadu.
He died on 18 January 1901 at Sikandra, and was cremated at Mathura.
He was the son and successor of Khosrow I.
His relatives that live today live in England.
In June 1864, the Princedom was abolished and replaced by the Sukhumi Military Sector.
Sten Sture the Younger, Lord of Ekesiö, was a Swedish statesman and regent of Sweden, during the era of the Kalmar Union.
The Spanish chronicler Juan de Betanzos who provided with information pertaining to the Huáscar-Atahualpa civil war outlines Huáscar's tyranny.
Titus Flavius Claudius Sulpicianus was a Roman statesman who served as Senator and Consul suffectus.
He married Princess Jayarajadevi and then, after her death, married her sister Indradevi.
Trajan also acquired the kingdom of Corduene at this time but only temporarily.
At the king's insistence, the younger members of his family and extended family were all educated in Western ways, sometimes attending schools abroad.
The Nawab formally conferred this Dewani to the British on September 30, 1765.
Enno played an important role in the attacks on the numerous East Frisian abbeys and monasteries.
Mytilus or Mytilius was an Illyrian king who was seated in Epidamnos.
A passage from Beowulf as translated by Seamus Heaney reads:
George William Albert Hendy, Hereditary Chief of the Miskito Nation was the grandson of H.M. George Frederic Augustus I, King of the Miskito Nation.
She had the titles Great Royal Wife and she, who is united with the white crown.
Bopearachchi dates his reign to c. 55–35 BCE, a date approximately supported by R. C. Senior.
Alexios III took over the defense of the city, which he mismanaged, then fled the city at night with one of his three daughters.
He was the king of Maui island.
He was succeeded by Eze Nri Anyamata after he reigned from 1391–1464 CE.
During his reign, he re-established Buddhism in Sri Lanka and repaired much of the damage caused to infrastructure during the wars.
Ibrahim was sent by Muhammad to battle the upstart Saffarid Ya'qub bin Laith in 867.
Nahathai Thewphaingarm was a Member of the Parliament of Thailand and a Vice Spokesman of the Thai government.
His reign spanned the years from 1428 through 1464.
In 1911, Sultan Zainal Abidin III issued Terengganu's first constitution.
He is well known for his beautiful silver and copper coinage where his name is mentioned, along with his title, Maharaja.
His father was Shahriyar and his grandfather was Khosrow II.
Traditional oral histories of the Inka have been recorded by the Spanish Jesuit Bernabe Cobo.
They ruled together until Zoe died in 1050.
That quarter of the village was off limits to everyone else during the ceremonies.
He was the titular chieftain or king of the island of Maui.
The conflict between the clans led to numerous legends and tales.
1224 BC, following the overthrow of Kaštiliašu IV by Tukulti-Ninurta I of Assyria.
‘Ali al-Akbar ibn Al-Husayn, or simply "Ali al-Akbar," was the son of Al-Husayn ibn ‘Ali, the third Shi‘ite Imam, and Umme Layla.
He was the son of King Eurycrates and father of King Eurycratides.
Andronikos III Megas Komnenos, or Andronicus III, was Emperor of Trebizond from 1330 to 1332.
Fath-Ali Khan Afshar was an Afsharid chieftain that controlled Urmia in northern Iran for some time.
Immediately following his fall, Dublin was besieged by a combined force of Irishmen and Islesmen.
Diarmait mac Énna meic Murchada was an early twelfth-century ruler of the kingdoms of Leinster and Dublin.
Petronius Maximus was Western Roman Emperor for two and a half months in 455.
Carus was Roman Emperor from 282 to 283, and was 60 at ascension.
But his position is envied by his brother, Raja Ahmad, because Raja Ahmad believed that the rulership of Malacca was his right.
He was preceded by Tribhuwana Wijayatunggadewi and succeeded by his son-in-law Wikramawardhana.
Asaf-ud-Daula was the nawab wazir of Oudh ratified by Shah Alam II, from 26 January 1775 to 21 September 1797, and the son of Shuja-ud-Dowlah.
Stephen's rule was relatively ineffectual and lasted less than two years.
Like most members of the Umayyad family, Ibrahim was executed by the Abbasids in 750.
Accompanied there by Herodias, he died at an unknown date.
John has been assessed as the greatest of the Komnenian emperors.
He was the younger of a set of twins; this circumstance resulted in civil strife.
It is uncertain when Aonghus Óg died.
Building on his victories, Totila followed these victories by defeating the Romans outside Florence and capturing Naples.
The biases of some historical sources make it difficult to understand his actions during the Spanish invasion.
Warfare was a significant factor in political competition and marriage was one of the ways that alliances were made between the different polities.
Mir Qasim was the Nawab of Bengal from 1760 to 1763.
Facing European pressure to abolish official Egyptian slave raids in the Sudan, Sa'id issued a decree banning raids.
Opobo soon came to dominate the region's lucrative palm oil trade, and was soon home to fourteen of what were formerly Bonny's eighteen trade houses.
His reign saw the beginning of a new era characterized by the systematic maintenance of chronologically precise historical records.
Though the invasions were concerted, it was the Dardanians who did the most damage.
Named Arrhidaeus at birth, he assumed the name Philip when he ascended to the throne.
He was the second Sultan of the Sultanate of the Geledi.
Timur, historically known as Amir Timur and Tamerlane Lang, "Timur the Lame"), was a Turco-Mongol conqueror.
The dates for Baal-Eser are established from the dates for Hiram.
His first reign ended when he was deposed in 1842, and his second when he was assassinated in 1868.
This event is recorded by Trogus, Prol.
Due to widespread unrest, his realm was much smaller than Muhammad's.
He died in 1059 and was succeeded without incident by his son Ordulf.
He was a younger contemporary or successor of the Greco-Bactrian king Demetrius, and is sometimes believed to have been his brother and/or subking.
During his long reign Junchen outlived the Han emperors Wen, Jing, and died during the reign of the Emperor Wu of Han.
Lacedaemon married Sparta and renamed the state after his wife.
Enlil-nādin-šumi, inscribed mdEN.LĺL-MU-MU or mdEN.LĺL-na-din-MU, meaning “Enlil is the giver of a name,” was a king of Babylon, ca.
Abu al-Ghazi language is easy, simple folk language of the Khiva Uzbeks and is quite different from the Chaghatay literary language.
The wars also forced many peoples south into the forest region.
He succeeded his father Kanittha Tissa as King of Anuradhapura and was succeeded by his brother Kuda Naga.
King Zakarine, also known as Sakkarin, Sakharine, Sackarine, Zackarine, and Zacharine was the King of Luang Prabang from 1895 to 1904.
He was present at the moment when the Spanish were leaving Tenochtitlan during La Noche Triste.
He then set out to conquer Hamadan, Dinavar and Isfahan from the Abbasid Caliphate, and thereafter declared himself king of Iran, making Isfahan his capital.
From the reign of Tiberius to Domitian, Dacian activity was reduced into a defensive state.
Geoffrey II of Villehardouin was the third prince of Achaea.
The capital of Madurai Kingdom during her times was Tiruchy.
Kapitan Laut Buisan, also known as Datu Katchil or Sultan Laut Buisan, was the sixth Sultan of Maguindanao in the Philippines.
He reinstated Masovia, Silesia and Pomerania into his realm.
As son of the sultan’s favorite wife, the Georgian princess Tamar, he was designated heir.
This Aksumite currency was issued in gold and silver denominations.
Kubrat was the Onoğundur–Bulgars ruler credited with establishing the confederation of Old Great Bulgaria in c. 635 AD.
Agnimitra was the second king of the Shunga dynasty of northern India.
The histrians chose to fight rather than to surrender the city.
Inside of it were found two cosmetic boxes, made of wood and papyrus.
He unified all of Upper Nubia from Meroë to the Third Cataract and is possibly attested at the Temple of Amun at Kawa.
As soon as the Romans left to winter in Apollonia, Philip sent his general Athenagoras against the Dardania army, which was returning home laden with booty.
During the last years of his life, he fought the Bohemian state, winning Silesia and probably Lesser Poland.
Later, during the Arab invasions of the 7th century, remaining communities of Hephthalites, under a certain Tarkhan Nezak, are said to have staunchly resisted the invaders.
Harun was not made Khwarazm-Shah following his death, although he was effectively ruler of Khwarazm.
Herennius and Decius were the first two emperors to be killed by a foreign army in battle.
He was the son of Saladin's brother Nur al-Din Shahanshah and brother of Farrukh Shah of Baalbek.
He was anyway able to keep Marrakesh until his death in 1236, after which the Almohad territories were again united under Abd al-Wahid.
He ran away into a church, but the Kotorans opened its roof and killed him by throwing beams and stones on him.
He succeeded Kassapa II as King of Anuradhapura and was succeeded by Dathopa Tissa II.
Neferu II was the wife and sister of the ancient Egyptian king Mentuhotep II who ruled in the 11th Dynasty, around 2000 BC.
He confiscated the lands of the Jesuits at Dankaz and elsewhere in the empire, relegating them to Fremona.
Tatadim was a King of Ethiopia, and a member of the Zagwe dynasty.
The dates of his birth and when he took the throne are not certain.
Although he was not the first ruler of the Aceh heartland, he is considered the founder of the greater Aceh kingdom.
Though Agvarjin Jonon’s son, Prince Kharkhutsag survived the bloodbath, he was poisoned during his flight to Tsagaadai King’s country.
The name Wuffa was the eponym for the Wuffingas dynasty, the ruling royal family of the East Angles until 749.
He succeeded his father Sena Sammatha Wickramabahu as king of Kandy and was succeeded by his son Karaliyadde Bandara.
Emperor Montoku was the 55th emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.
Despite his Greek name, Telephos might therefore have been a ruler of Saka origin.
Newaya Krestos was Emperor of the Ethiopian Empire, and a member of the Solomonic dynasty.
However, not all the chiefs approved of this.
However, the word Lakan which in current Tagalog form means gentleman, was a title equivalent to prince meaning he was Prince Dula.
Raja Dahar was the last Hindu ruler of Sindh.
He is named in the Historia Brittonum, while a Finn, given a different father, appears in the Anglo-Saxon royal pedigrees.
He served as Consul of Rome in 498 BC together with Titus Lartius.
Magnús Óláfsson was a King of Mann and the Isles.
Dutugamunu also expanded and beautified the city of Anuradhapura and projected the power of his native Rajarata region across the island of Sri Lanka.
Gwrgan Fawr was a king of Ergyng, a south-east Welsh kingdom of the early medieval period.
In 1386 he was replaced by Muhammad ibn Ahmad, al-Wathiq, who ruled until 1387.
Sikandar Adil Shah was placed on the throne of Bijapur in 1672 at four years of age.
Sher Ali was closely affiliated to the modern-day region of the Pothohar Plateau in Pakistan.
"Touman, unable to hold out against the Qin forces, had withdrawn to the far north, where he held out for over ten years."
This resulted in the Second Anglo-Maratha War, in which the British emerged victorious and re-installed him as the titular Peshwa.
Ecgfrith was the King of Deira from 664 until 670, and then King of Northumbria from 670 until his death in 685.
Constantine VII is best known for his four books, De Administrando Imperio, De Ceremoniis, De Thematibus, and Vita Basilii.
The alliance was uneasy, and the Khumalos sought help from the leader of the Mthethwa kingdom, Dingiswayo, and his protégé Shaka Zulu.
He was not long on the throne, however.
He ascended to the throne on February 5, 1765.
This was a time of peace with the Spanish.
It was dishonorable in Rwandan tradition to attack and conquer a kingdom whose king was still a child.
Panic set in, as both sides suddenly turned deciding to flee, rather than fight in the tradition of Genghis Khan.
Dona Catherina, also known as Kusumasana Devi, was ruling Queen of Kandy in 1581.
He succeeded his adopted father Valagamba as King of Anuradhapura and was succeeded by his cousin Chora Naga.
The surrender of the democrats in Durrës enabled Grabus to gain economic control of the city.
The tablets were recited from dawn to dusk, with a break for dinner.
He succeeded to the throne on the death of his father Mutaga IV Mbikije.
After that Samar taifu and Dogholon taishi of the seven Tümeds crowned the boy Khagan.
Siaspiqa was the successor of Amaniastabarqa and was in turn succeeded by Nasakhma.
He died in the seventeenth year of his reign.
Kotrag was a son of Kubrat of the Dulo clan of Bulgars.
Ivan Stephen was descendent to the Terter dynasty, the Asen dynasty and the Shishman dynasty, which were all of partial Cuman origin.
Ayocuan, the son of Cuetzpaltzin the Elder, was from the city of Puebla according to Historia Tolteca-Chichimeca.
Teodosie was the Prince of Wallachia, a historical and geographical region of Romania, between 1521 and 1522.
He assumed the throne at a time when Marinid authority was in decline, but during his rule managed to reverse this trend.
His son, Hồ Hán Thương, and grandson, Hồ Nhuế, also died in Chinese exile.
After the rapid deaths of the sultans Ali Ri'ayat Syah I, Sultan Muda and Sri Alam, he was placed on the throne of Aceh in 1579.
Azes II may have been the last Scythian king in Gandhara, western Pakistan.
Richard Pankhurst credits him with the construction of Qeddus Fasilides church in Gondar.
Deleastartus was a king of Tyre and the second of four brothers who held the kingship.
He succeeded his father Arsames I to rule both Sophene and Commagene in 228 BC, while his brother Orontes IV ruled Armenia.
Lobsang Trinley Lhündrub Chökyi Gyaltsen was the tenth Panchen Lama of the Gelug School of Tibetan Buddhism.
Raghuji Bhonsale II or Raghuji II Bhonsale was the Maratha ruler of the Kingdom of Nagpur in Central India from 1788 to 1816.
"Keitai" is also the Japanese term for mobile/cell phones but is written with different kanji.
Ronald Edward Frederick Kimera Muwenda Mutebi II is the reigning Kabaka of the Kingdom of Buganda, a constitutional kingdom in modern-day Uganda.
After the lord's death, Ardashir succeeded him and became the commander of Fort Darabgard.
The empire Trisong Detsen inherited had declined somewhat from its greatest extent under the first Dharma King, Songtsän Gampo.
Yahya Karawi was the leader of the Sarbadars of Sabzewar from around 1353 until his death.
Theodosius I, also known as Theodosius the Great, was Roman Emperor from AD 379 to AD 395.
He also served as Theorodokos in the Epidaurian Panhellenic games that took place around 365 BC.
Hasan Ali ventured to Zaveh to attempt to placate Mohammad Khan for the treacherous murder of his father.
According to the sequence of the voivodes listed in the Slavo-Romanian chronicles, he was followed by Bogdan, but several historians consider Balc as his successor.
He was the son of King Sukjong by Royal Noble Consort Hui of the Jang clan.
He died at Jhandewala Park in Aminabad, Lucknow.
Together with Venetians he fought against the Ottomans during the Ottoman–Venetian War until his death in January 1468.
Martanda Cinkaiariyan ascended the throne of Jaffna Kingdom under the throne name Pararasasekaram III.
Audata not only maintained an Illyrian identity in a Macedonian context but also passed that identity to her daughter and granddaughter.
Axayacatl was the sixth tlatoani of the altepetl of Tenochtitlan and ruler of the Aztec Triple Alliance.
He reigned as junior co-emperor from his birth, but was unable to establish himself as sole emperor against Nikephoros III when Michael VII abdicated in 1078.
She was the wife of Crown Prince Sado and mother of King Jeongjo.
Longarus despised the youth of Philip V and constantly provoked him.
Since he left no heirs, after his death, Homs was incorporated into the Mamluk Sultanate.
After November however, Vlad and the Craiovești had a fallout.
Khallata Naga, also known as Kalunna, was an early monarch of Sri Lanka of the Anuradhapura Kingdom from 109 BC to 103 BC.
He succeeded his uncle Sena I as King of Anuradhapura and was succeeded by his brother Udaya I.
No firm dates can be assigned to this emperor's life or reign, but he is conventionally considered to have reigned from 214 BC to 158 BC.
Aramaic was widely used in that region, and yet why would he have such a name, compared to his Armenian father Xerxes or brother Orontes IV?
His expansionist policy brought him into conflict with the Byzantine Empire, Serbia and Hungary.
The conspirators were caught, brought to trial, and condemned.
In 768 Sabin attended Constantine V's negotiations with a new Bulgarian ruler, Pagan, but the emperor's words on behalf of the former monarch made little impression.
Mahinda built the dama vihara and another called Sannira-tittha at Polonnaruwa.
His paternal grandfather's name was also Fasilides.
Indravarman III was a ruler of the Khmer Empire from 1295 to 1308.
In January 2017, it was announced that Yuhi VI of Rwanda would succeed him.
His kingdom was under constant threat from the armies of Bijapur Sultanate and the other neighbouring Muslim kingdoms, which he managed to repulse successfully.
Amogh was a king of the Kuninda Kingdom in northern India, during the late 2nd century BCE to 1st century BCE.
He was later buried in the Curtea de Argeș Cathedral.
He was the son and co-ruler of Bogdan II of Moldavia who was murdered in 1451.
Redbad died in 719, but for some years his successors struggled against the Frankish power.
However, his greatest fame was won as one of the defenders of the Sublician bridge against the army of Lars Porsena, the King of Clusium.
At the latter‘s death in 1232, Yahya renewed his pretenses, but his cousin Abd al-Wahid II was preferred to him.
Following this, Vlad III was placed on the throne by the Ottomans, but was forced off shortly thereafter by forces supported by John Hunyadi.
This could be chronological error or it may be that Sames was meant to succeed Orontes III, but died in the same year.
Moreover, he was also responsible for a series of agricultural improvements which led to a great increase in population.
Oun Kham was King of Luang Prabang during 1872-1887 and a second time between 1889 and 1895.
This entry is not about King Ahaziah of Israel.
Reservoirs for the retention of water also were constructed at Meroë during her reign.
The Order of Viesturs was founded in 1938 to commemorate the spirit of independence of the people of ancient Latvia.
Prince Akram Shammaa Al Zengi is a Prince of Al Zengid Dynasty.
When Anna Komnene, the first child of Alexios I and Irene Doukaina was born, she was promptly betrothed to Constantine, which confirmed his position as heir.
Kigeli II agreed on condition that King Kimenyi return the territory of Bwanacyambwe to the Kingdom of Rwanda.
Busongora was also known as the land of the Bacwezi.
Alexios III Megas Komnenos, or Alexius III, was Emperor of Trebizond from December 1349 until his death.
It is thought to have been the first storeyed house ever built in Rwanda.
He took the throne on August 8, 458.
Dragimir went there with only a handful of his men, who could not defend him against the Kotorans who had actually decided to kill him.
Sultan Alauddin Johan Syah was the twenty-fourth sultan of Aceh in northern Sumatra.
Yuhi Musinga, king of Rwanda, came to power in 1896 and collaborated with the German government to strengthen his own kingship.
Khalil Sultan was the Timurid ruler of Transoxiana from 18 February 1405 to 1409.
Emperor Go-Suzaku was the 69th emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.
186 BCE when Ankhwennefer was captured and executed.
This is why he is known as "Turcitul" or "the Islamized".
Diarmait mac Máel na mBó was King of Leinster, as well as High King of Ireland.
Rǫgnvaldr Óláfsson was a mid-thirteenth-century King of Mann and the Isles who was assassinated after a reign of less than a month.
Alan also held lands in the Kingdom of England, and was one of King John's advisors concerning Magna Carta.
Chattagahaka Jantu was Queen of Anuradhapura in the 5th century, whose reign lasted from 434 to 435.
Sharwin I was the fifth ruler of the Bavand dynasty from 772 to 817.
Chapter 40 of Eddius Stephanus's Life of Wilfrid records that Centwine was married to a sister of Queen Iurminburh, second wife of King Ecgfrith of Northumbria.
A patrician from Seleucia Sidera, Nikephoros was appointed finance minister by the Empress Irene.
In 1876 he married Rani Champawatiji Sahiba and the couple had one son and two daughters.
Longarus was an Illyrian king of the Dardanian Kingdom.
Shahzada Mirza Muhammad Salim Shah was a son of Mughal emperor Akbar II and his consort Mumtaz-un-Nissa Begum.
John V Palaiologos or Palaeologus was a Byzantine emperor, who succeeded his father in 1341 at age eight.
Thurisind's kingdom, known as Gepidia, was located in Central Europe and had its centre in Sirmium, a former Roman city on the Sava River.
The Kingdom of Ruhuna was a Sub kingdom loyal to the King of Anuradhapura
His father governed the towns of Cohuayocan and Cuauhtepec during the 15th century.
However, in 1425, soon after James's coronation, Stewart was arrested, found guilty of treason, and executed, along with two of his sons.
Only a disclosure by a Chinese officer about the planned ambush saved the Chanyu.
He suddenly died on 17 March 1844, without having adopted son and successor or assigning that responsibility to his widow or mother.
He remained loyal to Alexios thereafter, participating in most Byzantine campaigns of the period 1081–1095 in the Balkans at the emperor's side.
He was the son of Abu Kalijar.
He was succeeded by his younger brother Istemi in the western part and by his son Issik Qaghan in the eastern part.
Khenemetneferhedjet I Weret was an ancient Egyptian queen of the 12th Dynasty, a wife of Senusret II and the mother of Senusret III.
Alla Amidas possibly ruled the Aksumite territories on the western side of the Red Sea, while Kaleb was campaigning in the east in Southern Arabia.
Yusuf’s mother was a Christian slave Qamar.
Upon Nepos's murder in 480 Odoacer invaded Dalmatia, to punish the murderers.
Rajasinghe I  was a king of the Kingdom of Sitawaka.
He succeeded Vasudeva I who is considered to be the last great Kushan emperor.
The 14th-century pretender and emperor may be called the "later Emperor Kōkō" or the "later Emperor Komatsu".
Eskender was Emperor of Ethiopia, and a member of the Solomonic dynasty.
She supported and strengthened the Qajar nobility against merited commoners.
His other recorded children were Nyirindekwe, Nkusi, Rubega, Rwanyanya, Rwayega, Rwabika, Nyabigondo, Nkoronko, Mutijima, Nyamashara, Rubamburamanzi, Mashara and Urujene.
He took advantage of this success and requested a Rouran princess in marriage.
Shah Hussain Hotak,, son of Mirwais Hotak, was the fifth and last ruler of the Hotak dynasty.
Yaxun B’alam IV, also called Bird Jaguar IV, was a Mayan king from Yaxchilan.
On 19 August 1568, Peter the Younger died of poisoning at only 21 years old.
He succeeded his brother Mahinda III as King of Anuradhapura and was succeeded by his brother Dappula III.
He was co-ruler with his father for the baktun ending rites of December 9, 435 as shown on the Motmot Marker.
Emperor Chūkyō was the 85th emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.
In his tomb he was given the throne name Ankh-ke-re.
Next he was governor of Pannonia Superior, and after being inducted into the sodalis Augustalis, Natalis was proconsul of Africa in 121/122.
When his plot was discovered, Louis had him blinded, a procedure which killed him.
Aelia Zenonis was the Empress consort of Basiliscus of the Byzantine Empire, brother of Verina.
He was known as the "Martyred Amir".
The latter returned to his family possessions in the Troad, and died in 1303.
He married a daughter of Ahuitzotl only to later have her executed.
According to a scholarly theory, Bolesław ruled Lesser Poland already during the last years of his father's reign.
According to Igbo oral tradition, his reign started in 1043, although at least one historian puts Ìfikuánim's reign much later, around 1225 AD.
John III Doukas Vatatzes, Emperor of Nicaea, and Michael II of Epirus, invaded Bulgaria shortly after Michael's ascension.
In 1447, his brother Mircea II and his father were both captured and brutally killed.
It is possible that Talakhmani was a younger son of Nasakhma who took the throne after his brother Malewiebamani.
Sultan Ali Shah ibni Almarhum Sultan Sulaiman Badrul Alam Shah was the fourteenth Sultan of Terengganu.
He was confirmed as Almohad Caliph in election by the Almohad sheikhs after his father’s death, and took up the caliphal title "al-Mustansir".
At the height of his power, his sultanate included Egypt, Syria, Upper Mesopotamia, the Hejaz, Yemen and other parts of North Africa.
Al-Hajjam al-Hasan ibn Muhammad ibn al-Qasim was the tenth Idrisid ruler and sultan of Morocco.
Consequently, the battle is generally viewed as one of the worst disasters in Roman military history.
He made Shiraz his capital and ordered the construction of several architectural projects there.
During his reign, the Roman Empire defeated a revitalized Parthia in the east: Verus's general, Avidius Cassius, sacked their capital, Ctesiphon, in 164.
K'inich Ahkal Mo' Nahb III also known as Chaacal III and Akul Anab III,, was an ajaw of the Maya city of Palenque.
Tenji's reign spanned the years from 661 through 671.
After Henry died in 1216 and Andrew II left Hungary for a crusade, Ivan Asen returned to Bulgaria.
Shapur III, was the twelfth king of the Sasanian Empire from 383 to 388.
Constantine Mavrocordatos was a Greek noble who served as Prince of Wallachia and Prince of Moldavia at several intervals.
He was married to Raja Dewi, a daughter of Munawwar Syah of the Indrapura kingdom.
His father, Tridu Songtsen, died in 704 in battle in Mywa territory in the Kingdom of Nanzhao.
Empress Kōgyoku, also known as Empress Saimei, was the 35th and 37th monarch of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.
Farrukh Yassar was the last independent Shirvanshah of Shirvan.
Beonna was King of East Anglia from 749.
She was part of the Meroitic historical period and her reign began in 1 BC.
This was taken as a bad omen, and Sayri Tupac remained in Vilcabamba.
Publius Suillius Rufus was a Roman statesman who served as suffect consul in AD 41.
On a retreat from Zaltbommel he was ambushed and killed in battle at Nederhemert, on 28 June 1061.
Bernard expanded the powers of the duke in Saxony and is regarded as the greatest of the Billungers.
He was probably last ruler of Palenque and his glyph name comes from blackware vase found in the residential quarter of city.
He succeeded his elder brother K'inich Kan Bahlam II.
Sultan Muda was the only known child of the previous ruler, Sultan Ali Ri'ayat Syah I.
In 1281, Traidenis conquered Jersika Castle in the present-day Preiļi District, and was able to exchange it for Dinaburg Castle.
His reign has been placed in ca.
His other son was Saru Yatı, the father of Bay Hodja.
He was the son of Attalus and his wife Antiochis.
He was the second emperor of the Amorian dynasty and the last emperor to support iconoclasm.
Artas made an alliance with Athens somewhere around 430 BC.
Mughal and Rajput armies jointly attacked Sinsini and captured it after a war of five months, in the month of January 1690.
He had three sons by Princess Ngo Fa of Ayutthaya; Prince Lan Kham Deng, Prince Sai, Prince Khamtèm.
Constantine became senior Emperor when his father died in 641.
He succeeded Siva II as King of Anuradhapura and was succeeded by Silakala Ambosamanera.
Xerxes also crushed revolts in Egypt and Babylon immediately after succession.
In 1080–1081, with Turkish aid, he seized control of what remained of Byzantine Asia Minor and proclaimed himself emperor against Botaneiates.
Emperor Antoku was the 81st emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.
He subverted all the dogmatic experiments which his father had practiced.
After Kaloyan died unexpectedly in October 1207, Boril married his widow, a Cuman princess, to seize the throne.
In addition to his successful invasions of Ming China, Tümen conquered Koko Nur and appointed his son ruler there.
During the rule of his father Shapur I, Narseh had served as the governor of Sakastan, Sindh and Turan.
During Lý Huệ Tông's rule, many members of the Trần family assumed key roles in the government, including Trần Thủ Độ.
Kumalae was a Hawaiian High Chief, Aliʻi Nui of Hilo.
Traidenis, known for his devotion to paganism and anti-German attitude, was also successful in fighting with the Livonian Order.
With the King gone, Habibullah Kalakani wrote a letter to King Inayatullah to either surrender or prepare for war.
He was the twenty-fifth Kabaka of Buganda.
Amandagamani Abhaya was King of Anuradhapura in the 1st century, whose reign lasted from 21 to 30.
Her steward Amenhotep was buried in Theban tomb TT346.
The Songhai forces were frequently successful, but in the 1561–1562 campaign against the Mossi, a number of his commanders were killed.
A possible reference to a lost tradition on Finn appears in Snorri Sturluson's Skáldskaparmál.
The Chief Minister had to allow Mittasena to appear in public on the State elephant.
Askiya Ishaq I died in the town of Kukiya and was buried there.
This battle lasted for a week, but Yashwant Rao Holkar could not succeed because Colonel Ochterlony was supported by Lord Lake.
When Abd al-Haqq came of age in 1437, Abu Zakariya refused to give up the regency.
As a result of his victory, the Matit agreed to pay tribute to him.
In alliance with the Kangju he plundered the Wusun.
Peter the Younger arrived in Constantinople on 31 May and was taken to the Seven Towers fortress, where he was stripped of his riches.
An uprising against this agreement led by Ayub Khan in October of the same year led to the abdication of Yaqub Khan.
Hiram I  was the Phoenician king of Tyre according to the Hebrew Bible.
During his reign, Bardylis was able to make the Dardanians one of the most powerful Illyrian states of that time.
Not much is known about him, he was succeeded by his son Qutb al-din Hasan.
Tiberius II Constantine was Eastern Roman Emperor from 574 to 582.
Meanwhile, another Corcyrian fleet broke the siege of Durrës, which Grabus had attacked.
Shortly after the treaty, discontected boyars murdered Michael.
The fall of the Angevins in Sicily meant that they were preoccupied with recouping territory there and few Western governments would send troops to defend Morea.
It is possible that some of his coins were issued by a separate king, Zoilos III.
Tiy-merenese, Teye-Merenaset, Tiye-Mereniset was the Great Royal Wife of pharaoh Setnakhte and mother of Ramesses III of the Twentieth Dynasty of Egypt.
He was the relative and successor of Baha al-Din Sam III.
Lagmann's son, Amlaíb, is recorded to have perished at the Battle of Clontarf in 1014.
She is depicted on a stela in Coptos.
Whether or not a community existed here before he made it his capital is unknown.
He took over after Yahya III in 904 and died in 917 when the Fatimids invaded Morocco.
He was the fourth son of Muhammad Ali Pasha.
He was the successor to the Pala king Mahipala II and fourteenth ruler of the Pala line, reigning for two years.
No firm dates can be assigned to this emperor's life or reign, but he is conventionally considered to have reigned from 29 BC to AD 70.
Monunius was an Illyrian king of the Dardanian State who lived in the late 3rd century BC and early 2nd century BC.
Wallia or Valia, was king of the Visigoths from 415 to 419, earning a reputation as a great warrior and prudent ruler.
She was the Great Royal Wife of the dynasty's third pharaoh, Thutmose I, and the mother of the queen and pharaoh Hatshepsut.
He succeeded his half-brother Andronikos in 1266 and ruled for 14 years.
Sheykh Ibrahim II - 40th shah of Shirvan.
However, his designated heir was able to control the situation, and succeeded him as Ramesses IV.
Ghiyas ud Din was the vizier and heir of the last Shamsi Sultan, Nasir ud-Din.
The years of reign of Bidatsu start in 572 and end in 585; however, there are no certain dates for this emperor's life or reign.
He was a sentimental person who refused to wear the crown due to his grief on the death of his old friend, Nila.
Vishvendra Singh is a member of the Legislative Assembly from Deeg-Kumher Constituency in Bharatpur district of Rajasthan India.
Ahmed Tekuder, also known as Sultan Ahmad, was the sultan of the Persian-based Ilkhanate, son of Hulegu and brother of Abaqa.
His birth name was Shrimant Yukaji Jaswant Holkar.
He was, however, shortly murdered by the nobles and priests, who elected a son of Bahram IV, Khosrow, as shah.
Upon his excommunication, he lost the Episcopal see and he brought suit in Rome.
Muhammad, his family and his supporters fled to Vaspurakan, where he died in 955.
Based on historical demographic estimates, Darius I ruled over approximately 50 million people, or at least 44% of the world's population.
He was appointed viceroy to the region of Sakastan after Bahram II's re-conquest of it sometime in the 280's CE.
Touman wanted, casting aside Modu, to install the young son [in the position].
The Byzantine Emperor Justinian forced a peace accord on both leaders so that equilibrium in the Pannonian Basin could be sustained.
In 1017 Mahmud conquered Khwarazm from its Ma'munid rulers, and made Altun Tash its governor.
They defeated the Oirads and returned with plundered goods.
Berenice had a strong equestrian background and was accustomed to fighting from horseback.
He immediately began an expansionist phase, raiding Basra that year.
He was a member of the patrician class and of the Veturia gens.
He married Sofie of Salm, Countess of Rheineck and Bentheim.
Farrukhzad I was the 24th ruler of Shirvanshahs.
Surviving evidence demonstrates that Kiya was an important figure at Akhenaten’s court during the middle years of his reign, when she bore him a daughter.
Rajah Humabon, later baptized as Don Carlos, was the Rajah of Cebu at the time of Portuguese explorer Ferdinand Magellan's arrival in the Philippines in 1521.
He was the first son of Fath-Ali Shah, the second Qajar king of Persia, and Ziba Chehr Khanoum, a Georgian slave girl of the Tsikarashvili family.
Ochus was also married to their common half-sister Parysatis, daughter of Artaxerxes I and his concubine Andia of Babylon.
He is mentioned only in the Livonian Rhymed Chronicle and in some documents from the 14th century.
Abdastartus was a king of Tyre, son of Baal-Eser I and grandson of Hiram I.
Soon after declaring himself emperor, he faced an Arab invasion in 647.
Raja Yong Sofia binti Almarhum Sultan Azlan Muhibbuddin Shah Al-Maghfur-lah is the youngest daughter of the Sultan of Perak, Sultan Azlan Shah.
Igwe Orizu I was the 18th Obi of Otolo and the Igwe of Nnewi kingdom.
The name is a combination of the Mongolic word dalai meaning "ocean" or "big" and the Tibetan word བླ་མ་ meaning "master, guru".
In 343 BC, Artaxerxes defeated Nectanebo II, the Pharaoh of Egypt, driving him from Egypt, stopping a revolt in Phoenicia on the way.
Vijayabahu VII was the son of Vira Parakrama Bahu VIII, who was an adopted child of Parakrama Bahu VI who founded Kotte.
Alaric began his career under the Goth soldiers Gainas and later joined the Roman army.
He gained power by force and gained the support and loyalty of the Dardanian warriors.
They are monks of the Gelug or "Yellow Hat" school of Tibetan Buddhism, the newest of the schools of Tibetan Buddhism  founded by Je Tsongkhapa.
He readied a large army for retribution from Pandyans when a disappointed prince from Pandyan dynasty sought his help.
Laonikos Chalkokondyles claims that he was assassinated by his younger step brother Mircea I in collusion with a boyar party.
He was the youngest son of Sa'ad ad-Din II.
This measure of caution, however, did not save the life of the young Roupen, who was followed by his uncle’s men and murdered at Hromgla.
Another cousin, Marwan ibn Muhammad ibn Marwan, governor of Armenia, had initially supported Walid and on Walid's death entered Iraq to avenge him.
He was one of the many pretenders who rose after the murder of Khosrau II in 628.
He was the son of Ivan Asen II of Bulgaria and Anna Maria of Hungary.
At one time he probably had the largest fortune in Spain.
Mulam Thirunal Rama Varma was the ruling Maharajah of the Indian state of Travancore between 1885 and 1924, succeeding his uncle Maharajah Visakham Thirunal.
The Turkish translation of the text published in Kazan was done by philologist Vefik Ahmed Pasha and initially published in 1864.
He had nine sons: Iranji, Mahmud, Qasim, Ithik, Janisch, Kanabar, Tenish, Usuk, and Dzhuak.
Taken together, this period of social conflict during the early history of the Roman Republic is generally referred to as the Conflict of the Orders.
She supported the work of the mission and was very hospitable to all the missionaries of her time.
Born Andronikos Doukas Angelos Komnenos Palaiologos, he was the son of Michael IX Palaiologos and Rita of Armenia.
According to John Joseph Saunders, Timur's background was Iranized and not steppe nomad.
By this decree Haajee Imaaduddeen was raised to the throne and named Sultan Muhammad Imaaduddeen VI, with Ibrahim Didi as his prime minister.
Adur Narseh was the son of Hormizd II and the ninth king of the Sasanian Empire.
There he was received by the emperor, who arranged for the transfer of Sabin's family from Bulgaria.
Nuh ibn Nasr, or Nuh I, was the amir of the Samanids in 943–954.
Al-Aziz Uthman succeeded his father and ruled the empire as a whole between 1193 and 1198.
She was one of the few queens that reigned in Sri Lanka.
He was from the Soninke ethnic group.
On 12 September 1686, Bijapur was occupied, its garrison surrendered and Bijapur Fort was annexed by the Mughal Empire.
After this, in 1047, the emperor returned and occupied the stronghold at Rijnsburg, which was completely destroyed.
The first was Sogdianus, Artaxerxes I's son by his concubine Alogyne of Babylon.
For this he was nicknamed the Bulgar Slayer, by which he is popularly known.
No firm dates can be assigned to this emperor's life or reign, but he is conventionally considered to have reigned from 453 to 456.
Mutebi Nnyonyintono Kiweewa was Kabaka of the Kingdom of Buganda from 2 August 1888 until 21 October 1888.
Before that he had been vice-king of Marrakesh and governor of Fes.
Raja Melewar was the first Yamtuan Besar of Negri Sembilan, Malaysia.
In 1978 he was a director of CTC Bus Company Ltd.
Many historians believe that there was no interruption between the dynasty founded by Bardyllis and that of Pleuratus.
She was the grand-daughter of Berenice I.
E. A. Wallis Budge notes that Amda Iyasus ruled for eight months, and left no children.
Demetrius I, called Poliorcetes, son of Antigonus I Monophthalmus and Stratonice, was a Macedonian Greek nobleman, military leader, and finally king of Macedon.
Newaya Maryam was Emperor of Ethiopia, and a member of the Solomonic dynasty.
Sekgoma's son, Seretse II, was too young at the time to ascend the throne, and Tshekedi Khama, Sekgoma's younger brother, acted as regent.
She is also mentioned on a doorjamb from Abydos.
Germa Seyum was a King of Ethiopia, and a member of the Zagwe dynasty.
Another son Vijayabahu VII also became king.
Soon all of Istria was conquered as well as the independence of the Histrians.
His reign was brought to its eventual end by the capture of the stronghold of Šapia by the forces of the Assyrian king Tukultī-apil-Ešarra III.
Andrianampoinimerina ruled the Kingdom of Imerina from 1787 until his death.
His reign spanned the years from 1168 through 1180.
He gave alms to monks and brahmins alike.
He was forced to engage in warfare against his rival and nephew, Máel Coluim mac Alaxandair.
Yahya's power was subsequently significantly curtailed by Ahmad, and he may have ruled as simply a figurehead until his death in 855.
The exact duration of his reign is unknown but was probably at the beginning of the 9th century.
He quelled a rebellion in Libya, and made peace with Syracuse at the expense of his Sicilian allies the Sicels.
He succeeded Vatuka as King of Anuradhapura and was succeeded by Niliya.
The monuments associated with Jasaw Chan K'awiil II are: Stela 11 and Altar 11.
Although Óláfr's reign is recorded to have been peaceful, there is reason to suspect that his own succession was uncertain.
Yahya al-Mu`tasim was an Almohad rival caliph who reigned from 1227 to 1229.
Sayyid Babar Ali Khan Bahadur was the Nawab of Bengal, Bihar and Orissa.
Öljei Temür Khan, Bunyashir Khan was the Mongol khan of the Northern Yuan dynasty based in Mongolia.
Lan Kham Deng was the third king of the Lao state of Lan Xang.
According to Georges Roux, Tiglath-Pileser was "one of the two or three great Assyrian monarchs since the days of Shamshi-Adad I".
Alexander received yarlyk to become Grand Duke of Vladimir in vassalage to the Kipchak Khanate.
In 393, he banned the pagan rituals of the Olympics in Ancient Greece.
In March 1966 Mwambusta IV designated his only surviving son as his heir to the throne.
Amanitore is buried in her own pyramid in Meroë.
Chedorlaomer, also spelled Kedorlaomer, is a king of Elam in the Genesis 14.
Emperor Juntoku was the 84th emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.
With such scant information about Drest, this detail is enticing:
He was succeeded as king by his brother Seneqerim-Hovhannes.
He reigned from June 9, 1526 until September 27, 1557, during the Sengoku period.
He was fourth son of Mir Ja'afar Bahadur.
Talakhamani is known from a stela from his chapel which is now in Boston.
Tabari records Yazid's nickname "the Diminisher", given because he reduced military annuities by 10%, whereas his predecessor had promised a raise.
Stela 31 from Tikal records that Chak Tok Ich'aak I died on the same day that Siyaj K'ak', probably a war-leader from Teotihuacan, entered Tikal.
However, he allowed human sacrifices to continue in his other temples.
He was a son of 27th ruler of Tikal Yik'in Chan K'awiil and elder brother of his successor 29th ruler Yax Nuun Ahiin II.
But, according to Polyaenus, he said: "O Zeus, surely you have formed women out of man's materials, and men out of woman's."
But he is more known as a historian, writer and poet.
Haraldr reigned during a period of competing claims to overlordship of the Isles by the English, Norwegian, and Scottish Crowns.
The uprising was put down quickly, with the conspirators being beaten, tonsured, and exiled to Cherson under guard.
Emperor Bidatsu was the 30th emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.
Makea Pori Ariki was a sovereign of the Cook Islands.
His policy of Dhamma has been debated by intellectuals.
In the chronology of Edomite kings in Genesis 36, Bela ben Beor is the first of the apparently elective kings.
Like his predecessor Darius I, he ruled the empire at its territorial apex.
Though he fought many more campaigns, Adama now spent most of his time in Yola, which became his capital.
Anikanga was King of Polonnaruwa in the thirteenth century, who ruled from 1209 to 1209.
Idris II was assassinated by a slave.
Ali Khan Shaqaqi was the first khan of the Sarab Khanate from 1747 to 1786.
His coins have been found in association with the Sasanian king Khusrau I in a hoard, suggesting possible contemporaneity.
Canute IV, later known as Canute the Holy or Saint Canute, was King of Denmark from 1080 until 1086.
The next winter, 126 BCE, Junchen died; his younger brother, a Eastern Luli-Prince Ichise ascended the Chanyu throne.
Andronikos Doukas Angelos was the son of Constantine Angelos and Theodora Komnene, the youngest daughter of Emperor Alexios I Komnenos and Irene Doukaina.
Adityawarman was awarded the Senior Minister of Majapahit and used this authority to launch Majapahit military expansion plans and conquered east coast region in Sumatra.
Sartaq was succeeded by Ulaqchi briefly in 1257, before his uncle Berke succeeded to the throne.
His father's name was Rajab who had the title Sipahsalar.
He was succeeded in 1687 by his son, Jeremy I.
Exiled to Al Karak fortress, in Jordan, he died there in 1280.
When Jaja refused to cease taxing British traders, Henry Hamilton Johnston, a British vice consul, invited Jaja to negotiations in 1887.
Gothabhaya, was an early monarch of Sri Lanka of the Kingdom of Ruhuna in the Southern region of the island.
Benkan tried to reverse his uncle's policy of relying on the towns, preferring instead to gather support from the peasants.
Farrukh Hormizd or Farrokh Hormizd, also known as Hormizd V, was a spahbed in northern Persia, he was a prince of Atropatene.
Manavanna was King of Anuradhapura in the 8th century, whose reign lasted from 691 to 726.
He ascended the throne on the death of Maharaja Jawahar Singh.
Little is known about him, apart from his extensive coinage.
Three centuries later the priestly house of Tutul-Xiu of Uxmal was part of the League of Mayapan
He is credited with successfully completing his grandfather's Ashvamedha and for defeating forces of the Indo-Greek Kingdom along the banks of the Sindhu River.
Mas'ud managed to put an end to this revolt by gaining the support of Harun's guards, who assassinated him.
She was an illegitimate daughter of the Byzantine Emperor Andronikos III Palaiologos, and she married Emperor Basil of Trebizond in 1335.
No firm dates can be assigned to this emperor's life or reign; he is conventionally considered to have reigned from 392 BC through 291 BC.
Her royal palace was at Gebel Barkal in modern-day Sudan, which now is a UNESCO heritage site.
His reign was recorded as lasting only one year, six months, ca.
He was already known as "the Great" in antiquity.
He is believed to be connected to the royal family; he was probably a brother of Queen Tiye.
Maxtla was a Tepanec ruler of Azcapotzalco from 1426 to his death in 1428.
War between the Seleucid Empire and the Ptolemaic Kingdom seems to have allowed Sames an opportunity for independence for his kingdom.
Abu Abbas was temporarily replaced in 1384 by Musa ibn Faris al-Mutawakkil.
On 24 October 1559, he was confirmed by the Ottoman Empire as the new ruler of Wallachia.
Ardashir II was given the epithet "Nihoukar" or "Beneficent" by the Persians.
He was a highly regarded Indian English orator and scholar.
His name appears in a text on Stela 16 from Caracol, a site in Belize.
Under his reign, the principality of Achaea became the direct vassal of the Latin Empire of Constantinople.
He extended patronage to Vijayaba privena, Asgiriya temple, and Sri Ghanananda Pirivena.
In 1049, Ali succeeded his uncle Kubad, but one year later he was deposed by his uncle, Sallar.
Muné Tsenpo was the 39th Emperor of Tibet.
Munjong of Joseon was the fifth King of the Joseon Dynasty, who ruled Korea from 1450 to 1452.
Nothing is known about his dynastic connections.
See the chronological justification for these dates in the Pygmalion article.
No firm dates can be assigned to this emperor's life or reign, but he is conventionally considered to have reigned from 507 to 531.
He was given the sobriquet Morotheodoros meaning "Theodore the Fool", by the Greek chroniclers after his repeated failed usurpations.
In the same year Egypt's first standard gauge railway was opened, between Kafr el-Zayyat on the Rosetta branch of the Nile and Alexandria.
He was the cousin and successor of Ala al-Din Atsiz.
Richard North notes that Folcwalda is "identical with the first element of fólcvaldi goða which is an epithet reserved for Freyr".
He reigned from September 18, 1339, until March 29, 1368.
/Leo/ invited many famous warriors to join him, and allured them by great rewards.
Miloš Obrenović was Prince of Serbia from 1815 to 1839, and again from 1858 to 1860.
British ships then blockaded the port and fired on villages situated at the estuary of the Aceh River.
Abdissares ruled the kingdom of Sophene after the assassination of his father, Xerxes in 212 BC.
One of the last of the Burji dynasty, he reigned from 1501 to 1516.
Abhaya was appointed the regent by his eight younger brothers but would only be consecrated king after he had finally defeated his nephew Pandukabhaya.
In the last campaign his troops liberated many cities in Southern Kazakhstan and even captured Tashkent.
In November 1931 Musinga was deposed by the Belgian administration and replaced by his son Mutara Rudahigwa.
Her main title was Great Royal Wife.
After that, the new Byzantine commander, Nikephoros Phokas, and his lieutenants spearheaded an offensive that broke Hamdanid power.
He was probably a Christian like his grandfather Khan Kubrat.
After that, his soldiers returned to Travunia.
He was responsible for much of the expansion of the Mexica domain, and consolidated the empire's power after emulating his predecessor.
His mother nursed the ambition of placing on the Mughal throne.
To convince their compatriots to join them, they hired native prophets who declared that Saint Demetrius of Thessaloniki supported them.
This meant war with Count Otto I of Guelders.
The Chinese commander of the Western Regions began to fear that Zhizhi was planning to build a large empire and launched a preemptive attack.
Igwe Iwuchukwu was the 17th Obi of Otolo and Igwe of Nnewi kingdom in the present day Anambra state of Nigeria.
He also notes similarities with "fólkum stýrir which celebrates Freyr".
During his reign Justinian also subdued the Tzani, a people on the east coast of the Black Sea that had never been under Roman rule before.
Tahmasp II was one of the last Safavid rulers of Persia.
Sapumal Kumaraya ruled Jaffna Kingdom as a sub king and even minted coins in the tradition of Setu coins, the native coins of Jaffna Kingdom.
Nur ibn Mujahid ibn ‘Ali ibn ‘Abdullah al Dhuhi Suha, of the Ahl Suhawyan clan of the Somali tribe of Marehan Darod.
Emperor Junnin was the 47th emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.
He was very active in resisting Portuguese colonial inroads into Sri Lanka.
Her full name and title was Amnirense qore li kdwe li.
Khai Bua Ban's reign ended after Nang Keo Phimpha ordered his death.
One of his military camps, known as "Iziruguru", was attacked by a people called "Abanyabungo" from the western Kivu in the modern-day Congo.
Mulondo Sekajja was Kabaka of the Kingdom of Buganda between 1555 and 1564.
The tsar allowed the marriage and returned Duklja to Vladimir, who ruled as his vassal.
Abd al-Wahid was back in Marrakesh in February 1224, when his grand-nephew, the young Almohad caliph Yusuf II, was accidentally killed, leaving no heirs.
His Christian names were Charles Léon Pierre, and he is sometimes referred to as Charles Mutara III Rudahigwa.
Philip V was King of the ancient Greek kingdom of Macedonia from 221 to 179 BC.
In 1581 Ernest was elected the Bishop of Liège.
He ruled for the better part of ten years before he was murdered by his own troops.
He is sometimes called "Constantine XI", a numeral now usually reserved for Constantine Palaiologos.
M. Moli reigned for two years 1858-1860 and died in 2 years after M. Gatuitasina's death on October 1, 1858.
He was one of the most important and significant kings in Ireland in the pre-Norman era.
Maharaja Shri Bettada Chamaraja Wodeyar VIII Bahadur or Chamaraja Wodeyar VIII, was the Raja of Mysore.
His ascent to the throne was meant to legitimize the Oirats’ rule because he was a direct descendant of Ariq Böke.
He was the last Mughal ruler of Assam before Mughals left Assam.
When Trajan came to power, his armies invaded Dacia to weaken its threat to the Roman border territories of Moesia.
He was one of the sons of Artabanus III.
A somewhat doubtful source mentions him as the nephew of a previous ruler, Sultana Kamalat Syah.
Orestes of Macedon was son of Archelaus I and successor king of his murdered father.
Before that, Irene was empress consort from 775 to 780, and empress dowager and regent from 780 to 797.
Maharaja Ranjit Singh was succeeded by his son, Maharaja Kharak Singh.
Mahinda IV was King of Anuradhapura in the 10th century, whose reign lasted from 975 to 991.
These efforts failed and Rurutu was proclaimed a protectorate of the French Third Republic on 27 March 1889.
Maharaja Shri Chamaraja Wodeyar VII Bahadur or Chamaraja Wodeyar VII, was Raja of Mysore.
Because of this legend, he is remembered as a symbol of treachery in the medieval Indian folklore.
Livy records that during his life he had been beloved of both the senate and the plebs.
Constantine VI was Byzantine Emperor from 780 to 797.
One of his first actions when Andronikos became emperor was to put to death his two younger brothers, George Azachoutlou and Michael Achpougas.
He was succeeded by his son, Muhammad Shah II.
Al-Fadhl died in 1031 and was succeeded by his son Abu'l-Fath Musa.
He was the second son of Mir Jafar.
After Baraq's assassination in 1427, Dawlat established himself in Crimea.
His silver coinage followed the silver standard of the Indo-Greek coins, suggesting the existence of commercial exchanges with these neighbours.
Floyd N. Jones suggests that Zechariah may have reigned 12 years.
He took over after a short Fatimid overlordship by Ubayd Allah al-Mahdi Billah in 925 and was overthrown in 927.
Visakham Thirunal Rama Varma GCSI FRGS FRAS was the Maharaja of the erstwhile Indian kingdom of Travancore from 1880–1885 AD.
Canute was an ambitious king who sought to strengthen the Danish monarchy, devotedly supported the Roman Catholic Church, and had designs on the English throne.
Yuwen Tai permitted it and sent Princess Changle of Western Wei to Bumin.
Jayanta Mongkol, Prince Mahisara Rajaharudaya was a son of King Mongkut, Rama IV, and his Royal Consort Huang.
He reigned under a Council of Regency until he came of age and assumed full ruling powers in 1874.
In 1998, a sandstone medallion with his name was found and recently a temple decoration with his name was excavated at the same place.
Markörgis was the youngest son of Tayisung Khan Toghtoa Bukha and his youngest khatun, Samar.
Nasir al-Din Muhammad was the Mihrabanid malik of Sistan from 1261 until his death.
Apollophanes Soter was an Indo-Greek king in the area of eastern and central Punjab in modern India and Pakistan.
He lived there in exile from 1629 until 1639 studying Persian and Arabic history.
1222–1217 BC, was the 31st king of the 3rd or Kassite dynasty of Babylon and the country contemporarily known as Karduniaš.
Aghasi Khan was second khan of Shirvan Khanate along with his brother Muhammad Said khan.
Tokhtamysh tried to regain his Khanate with Lithuanian aid, but was defeated in 1399.
Chak Tok Ich'aak I also known as Great Paw, Great Jaguar Paw, and Toh Chak Ich'ak was an ajaw of the Maya city of Tikal.
He was the eldest son of Shapur I and succeeded his brother Hormizd I, who had reigned for only a year.
Succeeded by Eze Nri Ọmalọ, he reigned from 1159–1259 CE.
By 615 BC he had seized Nippur.
He ruled from 111 to 113 AD.
On the 17 May 1976, he became a member of the Ciskei cabinet for the position of Minister of Justice.
Bernard died in 1011 and was buried in the Church of Saint Michael in Lüneburg.
M. Moli and M. Talavou are also half brothers.
He was succeeded by his son Yahya II ibn Yahya.
She acceded to the throne in October, 612 and ruled until 615.
His successors failed to organize a resistance, and in 1018, four years after Samuel's death, the country capitulated, ending the five decades-long Byzantine–Bulgarian conflict.
From there, Rome launched campaigns against the southern Illyrians of the Ardiaean Kingdom, and the northern Illyrians of the northern Adriatic and eastern Alps.
No firm dates can be assigned to this emperor's life, but he is conventionally considered to have reigned from 510 BC to 476 BC.
He attempted to become Roman Emperor after the death of his son-in-law Emperor Pertinax in 193.
George I was king of the Miskito from 1755 to 1776.
They returned at the head of Cuman troops in autumn.
The inhabitants of Spoletum refused to keep the royal family under watch, so they were transferred to Iguvium.
Agesipolis took the town by diverting the river Ophis, so as to put the low ground at the foot of the city walls under water.
The nickname established itself in Byzantine texts and has become standard in modern historiography.
Brabant claimed Holland, Utrecht and Guelders as dukes of Lotharingia.
However, the Byzantines secured the assistance of Ivan Vladislav, who owed his life to Radomir.
Malonaqen was a Meroitic king who probably governed in the first half of the 6th century BC.
Michael VIII was the founder of the Palaiologan dynasty that would rule the Byzantine Empire until the Fall of Constantinople in 1453.
Son of Tolui and the Keraite princess Sorghaghtani Beki, he was a grandson of Genghis Khan and brother of Ariq Böke, Möngke Khan, and Kublai Khan.
He was a member of the Nnofo Royal lineage  and the successor to his father Igwe Iwuchukwu Ezeifekaibeya.
He was the son of Abba Magal, and brother of Abba Jifar I.
The Hebrew Bible considers him a righteous king.
Stefan Lazarević, also known as Stefan Lazarevich or Stefan the Tall, was the ruler of Serbia as knez and despot.
After the death of Ptolemy's death, Monunius might have taken the Macedonian throne for a brief period.
He was born in 1830, the eldest son of Shitmark Sardar.
In the year 1359, he founded the Eastern Orthodox Metropolis of Ungro-Wallachia.
Leo VI, called the Wise or the Philosopher, was Byzantine Emperor from 886 to 912.
He is chiefly known from the legends of Saint Dubricius, who was supposedly his grandson.
Bhuvanaikabahu II was King of Dambadeniya in the 14th century, who ruled 1310 from to 1325/6.
He was the first emperor who was not the child of the previous emperor, being instead the nephew of his predecessor Emperor Seimu.
Abd al-Aziz II ibn Ahmad II, Abu Faris was Marinid Sultan of Morocco from 1393 to 1396.
In 171 BC, Gentius was allied with the Romans against the Macedonians, but in 169 BC he changed sides and allied himself with Perseus of Macedon.
Bhagabhadra was one of the kings of the Indian Shunga dynasty.
The year of his birth is unknown.
Daoud came to power unopposed following the death of his brother Askia Ishaq I in 1549.
Kimenyi II agreed to Kigeli II's condition.
In 1877, the title Emperor of India was taken by the British Royal Family starting with Queen Victoria.
In 1568 he supported the insurrection of the Moriscos in Spain.
He was a contemporary with the Ptolemaic Greek Queen Cleopatra VII and Roman Triumvir Mark Antony, as Artavasdes I was mentioned in their diplomatic affairs.
The Drágfi of Béltek family, whose estates would encompass over a hundred villages in the Kingdom of Hungary, descended from one of his sons, Drag.
Suetonius calls him king of the Getae.
He died when he was about fifteen years old.
During his reign, his delavayi, who was also named Kanthirava, led an expedition to subdue Chik Ballapur, but was killed during the fighting.
His reign spanned the years from 1331 through 1333.
Like his father before him, and a younger brother after him, Haraldr was knighted by Henry III, King of England.
Pebatjma was a Nubian queen dated to the Twenty-fifth Dynasty of Egypt.
Sitdjehuti called Satibu was a princess and queen of the late Seventeenth dynasty of Egypt.
Born while Burundi was under German colonial rule, Mwambutsa's reign mostly coincided with Belgian colonial rule.
He becomes a favorite of King Saul and a close friend of Saul's son Jonathan.
He succeeded to the Nawab's Masnad after his father, Ashraf Ali Khan died on 6 September 1793.
Romanos III Argyros, or Romanus III Argyrus, was Byzantine emperor from 15 November 1028 until his death.
He succeeded Mansur Ali Khan as the Nawab Bahadur of Murshidabad, after the title of Nawab of Bengal was abolished in 1880.
Ghiyath died in 1202 and was succeeded by his brother Mu'izz al-Din.
In his early-8th-century account of Aldfrith's reign, Bede states that he "ably restored the shattered fortunes of the kingdom, though within smaller boundaries".
He was the son of Maharaja Tukoji Rao III Puar of Dewas Senior.
In 1789, Agha Mohammad Khan was enthroned as the king of Iran, but was not officially crowned as its king until March 1796.
In the battle, Penda and nearly all his warlords, including Æthelhere, were killed.
Isa bin Salman Al Khalifa was the 1st emir of Bahrain from 1961 until his death.
Philip I of Macedon was one of the early kings of Macedon, a kingdom in the north of ancient Greece.
The latter was a reaction against the Christianization of the Roman Empire by Constantine the Great.
His reign saw the end of the Western Roman Empire under Romulus Augustus, but he contributed much to stabilizing the eastern Empire.
Suuna I Kisolo, also spelled as Ssuuna I Kisolo, was Kabaka of the Kingdom of Buganda, reigning from about 1584 until his death around 1614.
Madam Lucy Gulama was the wife of Sierra Leonean Paramount Chief Julius Gulama.
According to a Saivite legend, after his re-conversion, he ordered a massacre of 8000 Jains in Samanatham.
Not so later, they moved back to Pozsony.
Dmitry Giorgievitch Shervashidze, or Umar Bey, was briefly the Prince of Abkhazia in 1821–1822.
The Boston Museum of Fine Arts holds several objects that may belong to Nasakhma: shabtis, vessel fragments, etc.
His name and length of reign are most clearly ascertained from the Babylonian King List C which gives 18 years for his rule.
As was the case with his grandfather, Sultan Ibrahim, Sultan Iskandar's independent mindset resulted in strained relations with the Malaysian federal government on numerous occasions.
Chamaraja Wodeyar IX, was the Raja of Mysore.
Siri Sanga Bo's story of utter devotion to Buddhism is told in the Mahavamsa.
He was also the power behind the rule of his sons John and Demetrios over Thessalonica in 1237–1246.
Emperor Uda was the 59th emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.
Kulotunga Cinkaiariyan was the third of the Aryacakravarti kings of Jaffna Kingdom.
It is believed that Eze Nri Apia and Nri–Alike died on the same day.
He built the Hyderabad House in Delhi, now used for diplomatic meetings by the Government of India.
Siri Sangha Bodhi I was King of Anuradhapura in the 3rd century, whose reign lasted from 252 to 254.
His mother Selaa'h un-nissa, was the third wife of the Emperor.
His court was a haven for astronomers, engineers, and soothsayers.
He was the son of William de Brus, 3rd Lord of Annandale and Christina or Beatrice de Teyden.
At the time of Sambhaji's birth Shahaji was general in the court of Adil Shah.
As such, he recovered the princely authority of Utrecht.
He kept her in his palace not allowing her to leave.
Under the pressure of his mother, Mumtaz Begum, Akbar Shah declared him as his successor.
In his early youth he served as a priest of the god Elagabalus in the hometown of his mother's family, Emesa.
In February 2015, after an interregnum of over a year, Yaduveer was adopted by Pramoda Devi, Srikantadatta Narasimharaja Wadiyar's widow, as her son.
He was promoted to the rank of bikbashi in 1840, then kaymakam in 1844, and finally amiralay in 1846.
Tradesmen and craftsmen were excluded from power until internal strife produced a more democratic government.
He ascended to the throne in 1637.
Al-Malik al-Muzaffar Shihab ad-Din Ghazi ibn al-Adil Abu Bakr ibn Najm ad-Din Ayyub was the Ayyubid ruler of Mayyafariqin.
Abdul Aziz was killed in 1717 by his nephew Mahmud Hotak.
Sallar was married to an unnamed daughter of Abu-l-Aswar Shavur I bin al-Fadl I.
He succeeded his brother Sena IV as King of Anuradhapura and was succeeded by his son Sena V.
Jashwant Singh was the ruling Sinsinwar Jat Maharaja of the princely state of Bharatpur from 1853 to 1893 in Rajasthan, India.
According to the chronicler Gallus Anonymus, during his reign he was called largus as he founded many churches and monasteries throughout Poland.
Bjørn was one of the sons of Harald Fairhair, the first king of Norway.
Flavius Eugenius was a usurper in the Western Roman Empire against Emperor Theodosius I.
See the chronological justification for these dates in the Pygmalion of Tyre article.
In this expedition the Spartans were assisted by Thebes, and in a battle with the Mantineans, the Theban generals Epaminondas and Pelopidas narrowly escaped death.
He travelled with Marwan to former Caliph Hisham's residence at Rusafah in Syria.
Amel-Marduk, 'man of Marduk' was the son and successor of Nebuchadnezzar II, king of Babylon.
He was also known as Appa Sahib, and his full titles were Shreemant Maharaj Shaji Raja Chhatrapati of Satara.
After he died, they entered a swift decline and eventual collapse.
28th Ruler was an ajaw of the Maya city of Tikal.
He was a member of the Alaouite Dynasty.
In 199 BC took advantage of Philip's engagement in a war with the Romans on the western borders of kingdom.
He was also known as "Manco II" and "Manco Cápac II".
After a short reign, Muné Tsenpo, was supposedly poisoned on the orders of his mother, Tsephongsa, who was jealous of his beautiful young wife, Queen Phoyongsa.
Tiberius was probably born in 705, during his father's absence in a bid to regain the Byzantine throne.
Seeking to restore the glory of Ancient Rome, he ruled Italy in its most peaceful and prosperous period since Valentinian, until his death in 526.
He was the deputy ruler since 1960.
And Baraq reoccupied Sighnak from the Timurids.
Tullius died during the course of the year, leaving his colleague as sole consul.
Finally, in January 1002 Sa'id al-Dawla died, possibly poisoned by Lu'lu', and Lu'lu' assumed control of Aleppo in his own name.
Longarus succeeded in making the Dardanian state into a military power that threatened Macedonia.
This was to the benefit of Arsames.
Salomies notes that his polyonymous name implies an adoption, "no doubt the son of a Cn.
Lý Thánh Tông was the posthumous title of the third emperor of the Lý dynasty of Vietnam.
In the human these two parts are the neurocranium and the viscerocranium or facial skeleton that includes the mandible as its largest bone.
Janaab Pakal III, also known as 6 Cimi Pakal,, was an ajaw of the Maya city of Palenque.
From 229 BC to 222 BC, Cleomenes waged war against the Achaean League under Aratus of Sicyon.
Akhsitan III was the 29th ruler of Shirvan, now part of Azerbaijan.
Abū Ibrāhīm Ismā'īl ibn Aḥmad, better simply known as Isma'il ibn Ahmad, and also known as Ismail Samani, was the Samanid emir of Transoxiana and Khorasan.
The name Herneith means "The face of Neith".
This led to instability in the Marinid state culminating in a coup in Fez in 1420, in which Abu Said Uthman III was assassinated.
He was the third son of Emperor Akbar the Great and the brother of the Emperor Jahangir.
Before the end, even the nobility had been struck by disease, perhaps because epidemics among the malnourished masses spread to the elite.
Patriarch Evtimiy of Tarnovo became the most prominent cultural figure of the country.
Some think this people were the Franks who fought the Frisian for control of the Rhine delta.
Sayyid Ashraf 'Ali Khan Bahadur, was Nawab Nazim of Bengal, Bihar and Orissa.
When Husayn ascended the Ghurid throne, his kingdom was in chaos.
He was the thirty-first Kabaka of Buganda.
It was up to his two sons, Bato of Dardania and Monunius I of Dardania, in following in his footsteps.
Lan Kham Deng died in 1428 at the age of 53.
Andronikos V Palaiologos was co-emperor of the Byzantine Empire with his father John VII Palaiologos.
From 1891 Ajit Singh started sending monthly stipend of ₹ 100 to Vivekanada's family in Kolkata.
Liu Xiang, born Liu Gengsheng, courtesy name Zizheng, was a government official, scholar, and author who lived during the Han Dynasty of China.
He succeeded his father Dathappabhuti as King of Anuradhapura and was succeeded by his son Kittisiri Meghavanna.
Abu Muhammad Lu'lu', surnamed al-Kabir and al-Jarrahi al-Sayfi, was a military slave of the Hamdanid Emirate of Aleppo.
Although his name is of Turkic origin, 14th-century sources unanimously state that he was a Vlach.
However, when much of Mas'ud's western domains had been wrested from his control, his troops rebelled against him and reinstated Mohammad to the throne.
Moreover, Hodgson had to give gifts that amounted to a sort of tribute to the Miskito.
After his death, kingdom abolished and Mihranids stood as princes of Gardman.
This led him to spend most of his time away from Johor, traveling extensively in Europe, particularly to Britain.
Sheikh Humaid bin Rashid Al Nuaimi is the ruler of the Emirate of Ajman and a member of the UAE Supreme Council of the Union.
Maharaja Ranjit Singh, was the leader of the Sikh Empire, which ruled the northwest Indian subcontinent in the early half of the 19th century.
However, he proved pliable by the legionary legate Lucius Annius Bassus, who encouraged him to support Vespasian at the critical moment.
One of Lord Shiva's name is "Shambu".
However, he was later defeated by Khosrow II and was forced to flee.
Radu was succeeded by his first cousin Mihnea cel Rău, son to his uncle Vlad Țepeș.
This led to a complete breakdown of the alliance in 572, after Mundhir discovered Byzantine plans to assassinate him.
One of remarkable events of his reign was the arrival of the British in 1905.
Thulatthana was the son of Saddha Tissa and the brother of Lanja Tissa, Khallata Naga and Valagamba.
Maha Rao Shekha was a Rajput chieftain belonging to the Kachwaha clan of Amar/Jaipur.
Tochihuitzin and his brothers helped save Nezahualcoyotl from being captured by the Azcapotzalca that Nezahualcoyotl found refuge with the Mexica.
Later, King Harihara II's brother Yuvaraja Virupanna invaded Sri Lanka from Karnataka, defeated Alagkkonara and established a pillar of victory there.
After a short reign, Khosrow, was assassinated by the governor of the province.
Genseric caused great devastation as he moved eastward from the Strait of Gibraltar across Africa.
He is the second most prominent, after Mindaugas, Grand Duke of Lithuania in the 13th century.
She is celebrated by Tamilians as Veeramangai.
Lembitu, also referred to in Latin as Lambite, Lembito or Lembitus, was first mentioned in chronicles in 1211.
In 390 BC Agesipolis, who had now come of age, was entrusted with the command of an army for the invasion of Argolis.
He was possibly a relative of Zoilos I and is only known from coins.
Deserted by his supporters, Sabin fled to Byzantine Mesembria in 766, from where he went to Constantinople.
No firm dates can be assigned to this emperor's life or reign, but he is conventionally considered to have reigned from 406 CE to 410 CE.
He succeeded his brother Vijayabahu IV as King of Dambadeniya and was succeeded by his nephew Parakkamabahu III after an Interregnum of 19 years.
According to Ferishta, his reign lasted only 50 days before he was blinded and imprisoned on the order of Ma'sud I.
He might have arrived in Italy with Theodoric and was an elderly man at the time of his succession.
Mahinda I was King of Anuradhapura in the 8th century, whose reign lasted from 738 to 741.
He maintained cordial relationships with several countries, and also invaded the states of the Pandyan and Chola dynasties in South India.
Mansur attempted to dismiss the Khurasani governor Nasr ibn Sayyar, but Nasr refused to accept this.
Isaac was noted for his erudition and his patronage of learning.
He had a medal of honor known as "Umudende" for defeating seven foreign kings.
Antiochus IV Epiphanes was a Hellenistic Greek king of the Seleucid Empire from 175 BC until his death in 164 BC.
Until recently not much was known about Amanikhareqerem.
There is very little information about the reign of Perdiccas III.
He was the younger son of Newaya Krestos.
His friendship was similar to the Athenian alliance with Metapontion.
Shapur II, also known as Shapur II the Great, was the tenth king of the Sasanian Empire.
According to legends he was known for his special weapon, a bat made of ironwood.
Maharaja Shri Immadi Chikka Krishnaraja Wadiyar II, was also known popularly as Immadi Krishnaraja Wadiyar II.
Seven days later Wandi Tebing was placed on the throne under the name Sultan Syamsul Alam, being supported by the mukims Montassik, Lamcampuk, Hoho and Piëng.
Most are dated between 600 and 630.
He held the positions of Minister of Finance, then Minister of War.
A priest named Meresyotef is shown adoring Setnakhte and Tiy-Merenese and their son Ramesses III is shown making offerings.
Especially he gave away riches to the uleëbalangs of Barus, yet a port town on the west coast.
It was to fully become part of Rwanda a few centuries later during the reign of Rwabugili IV.
Emperor Go-Komatsu was the 100th emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.
It's speculated that Pagan Reaction began during his short reign.
Real power was left in the hands of the minister Gar Tongtsen.
There is a possibilitythat his father had already elevated him to position of power equal to his own before his death.
In the late 10th century, the Bulgarian armies conquered the principality of Duklja and led campaigns against the Kingdoms of Croatia and Hungary.
He married a local princess and established the Sultanate of Maguindanao in the 16th century.
Stephen's father was Gojslav II., the younger brother of Peter Krešimir IV of Croatia.
He succeeded his father Bhuvanekabahu VI as king of Kotte and was succeeded by Parakramabahu VIII.
Nicholaus was a young noble who was chosen after three days of sorting through several unwilling candidates and refused to assume the lofty position.
Dirk VII of Holland, also known as Dietrich in German, Thierry in French, and Theodoric in English, was Count of Holland from 1190 to 1203.
In the biblical narrative, David is a young shepherd who first gains fame as a musician and later by killing Goliath.
The eldest son, Mutri Tsenpo, died early.
He was a son of Idris al-Ma'mun.
This 13th-century sovereign was named after his father, Emperor Fushimi and go-, translates literally as "later"; and thus, he is sometimes called the "Later Emperor Fushimi".
A son of John Hyrcanus, he inherited the throne from his brother Aristobulus I, and married his brother's widow, Queen Salome Alexandra.
Mohamoud Ali Shire was a Somali ruler.
Nuh II was amir of the Samanids.
As a result, Alasdair Óg's reputation suffered within early modern Clann Domhnaill tradition, and the history of his descendants—Clann Alasdair—was largely ignored.
He may have been a relative of Heliokles II, who used a similar reverse and also the title Dikaios.
He ruled from 752 until 768 AD, continuing the period of prosperity started by his father Itzamnaaj B'alam II.
Serving as one of these minor magistracies was considered an important first step in a senator's career.
Porga or Porin was one of the first dukes of the Duchy of Croatia.
Leonidas I was a warrior king of the Greek city-state of Sparta.
Muhammad Aytimur was the leader of the Sarbadars of Sabzewar from 1343 until his death.
Memories of his reign made him a hero of German legend as Dietrich von Bern.
Yohannes was appointed nəgusä nägäst by a council of the senior dignitaries of the Empire, at the encouragement of the noble Blattengeta Malka Krestos.
Sheikh Jassim bin Mohammed Al Thani, also known as "The Founder", was the founder of the State of Qatar.
In the Gospel of John, Pilate states "I find no guilt in Him [Jesus]," and he asks the Jews if Jesus should be released from custody.
Enno died at the age of 35, and his wife Anna of Oldenburg became regent for their sons.
In this war 200 Mughals and 700 Rajputs were killed against 1500 Jats.
Bhavavarman I was a king of the Cambodian kingdom of Kamboja, which would later become the Khmer empire.
He had constant disputes with the bishop of Utrecht, Otto II of Lippe, but helped him against the peasants of Drenthe in 1227.
He died in 848 CE and was succeeded by his brother Yahya I.
He briefly succeeded Marduk-balāssu-iqbi, who had been deposed by the Assyrians, a fate he was to share.
After moving to Anatolia, he bade without success for the throne in Moldavia.
Pyrrhus married Bircenna for diplomatic reasons and to increase his power in southern Illyria as he was an ally of Bircenna's father.
Mirza Jawan Bakht was the son of Emperor Bahadur Shah II and Zinat Mahal.
Mehmed launched a campaign against Wallachia to replace Vlad with Vlad's younger brother, Radu.
She was a secondary wife or concubine of Thutmose II.
He died in a hunting accident in late 1198.
Unlike Oswald, Oswiu struggled to exert authority over Deira, the other constituent kingdom of medieval Northumbria, for much of his reign.
Muhammad 'Abd al-Karim Sabun was Kolak of Wadai, a Muslim state in what is now eastern Chad, from 1804 to 1815.
Near the end of his life he grew ill, and died, age 44.
The only information available about him comes from Josephus’s citation of the Phoenician author Menander of Ephesus, in Against Apion i.18.
One of the sons of Æthelfrith of Bernicia, he became king following the death of his brother Oswald in 642.
His state reigned over Upper Macedonia and Lynkestis.
According to Livy his prenomen was Caius, but according to Dionysius of Halicarnassus, he was known as Publius.
Qalhata was a daughter of King Piye and a queen consort to her brother Shabaka.
He succeeded his brother Maha Naga as King of Anuradhapura and was succeeded by his nephew Aggabodhi II.
He then moved southward into Greece, where he sacked Piraeus and destroyed Corinth, Megara, Argos, and Sparta.
During the Qing campaigns against the Dzungars, Ablai Khan chose not to take sides.
Leo I(Armenian: Լեիոն Ա), also Levon I or Leon I, was the fifth lord of Armenian Cilicia or “Lord of the Mountains”.
Bolesław III Wrymouth, was a Duke of Lesser Poland, Silesia and Sandomierz between 1102 and 1107 and over the whole Poland between 1107 and 1138.
Nga‘ara was the last great ‘ariki, or paramount chief, of Easter Island, and the last master of rongorongo, the Easter Island script.
Kenzō, also spelled Ghen-so-tennō, was the 23rd emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.
He established the Ajman Police in 1967.
These wars did not result in any significant advances southward.
Sunjo of Joseon was the 23rd king of the Korean Joseon Dynasty.
His daughter was Cuetlaxochitzin of Azcapotzalco, wife of the ruler Acolnahuacatl and mother of the famous Tezozomoc.
The latter's principal adherents on the western seaboard of Scotland were Clann Dubhghaill, regional rivals of Clann Domhnaill.
Creating a caste of priests, brought about sobriety into the Dacian kingdom, and unified the tribes.
Besides the future King Bhavavarman II, a second son, Shivadatta, was governor of Jyesthapura.
The Mongols last possessions were in Kazan, Astrakhan, and the Crimea.
He was the son of Smbat I and the brother of Ashot "Yerkat" II.
Bahram V, also known as Bahram Gor was the fifteenth king of the Sasanian Empire, ruling from 420 to 438.
After Hunyadi routed an Ottoman army in Transylvania, the sultan ordered Vlad to come to Edirne where he was captured in 1442.
The dynasty left a tradition of cosmopolitan culture and artistic patronage whose architectural remains are to be seen in the capital city of Bijapur.
Heonjong was born three-years before Hyomyeong's death.
Radu I was a ruler of the principality of Wallachia,.
Sena Samantha Wickramabahu was King of Kandy from 1473 to 1511.
He was a beloved and revered figure in Sierra Leone, who is remembered for his efforts to unite the country's various ethnic groups together.
He succeeded Sena III as King of Anuradhapura and was succeeded by Sena IV.
Sayri Túpac accepted, but during the preparations his relative Paullu Inca suddenly died.
Senseneb was the mother of Pharaoh Thutmose I of the early New Kingdom.
Xerxes was satrap of the Seleucid territories of Sophene and Commagene from 228 BCE to 212 BCE, the year of his death.
Some Arabic sources, however, record that he was killed by the Arabs in 739.
Kanishka I; Bactrian: Κανηϸκι, Kaneshki; Middle Chinese: 迦腻色伽), or Kanishka the Great, was the emperor of the Kushan dynasty in the second century.
Moctezuma I, also known as Motecuhzoma Ilhuicamina, Huehuemotecuhzoma or Montezuma I, was the second Aztec emperor and fifth king of Tenochtitlan.
During the following years, dozens of stone churches and monasteries were built in Moldavia, which contributed to the development of a specific Moldavian architecture.
Sheikh Mohammed had a total of 18 siblings, with him being the seventh of his father's sons.
He probably remained in England for almost a decade before returning north on the death of his father.
This included losing the free nomadic lifestyle that his tribe and others were accustomed to.
He was a younger brother of Theodor and Asen who led the uprising of the Bulgarians and Vlachs in 1185.
Books describing Vlad's cruel acts were among the first bestsellers in the German-speaking territories.
Marcus Publicius Malleolus was a Roman statesman who served as Consul.
Artavasdes I of Armenia reigned as King of Armenia from 159 BC to 123 BC and was the son of Artaxias I and Queen Satenik.
Michael Asen III), ruled as emperor of Bulgaria from 1323 to 1330.
Malinxalchitl, meaning "beautiful flower of evil", was the Nahua queen regnant of Tzacoalco during the time of the Conquest of Mexico.
The existence of the "plebeian" and "patrician" social division in the earliest period of Rome's history has been questioned by modern scholars.
The Dardanians were driven out of all the lands they conquered from Demetrius II and the city of Bylazora was garrisoned.
Another common variation of the name is Gat Dula.
Tervel played an important role in defeating the Arabs during the Siege of Constantinople in 717–718.
He was the focus of a military revolt and was eventually dethroned by his brother, the senior emperor Constantine IV.
The primary source for his reign is the Mahavamsa, which in turn is based on the more ancient Dipavamsa.
Kūkaʻilani was a Hawaiian chief, a father of the Queen Kaikilani, aliʻi nui of Hawaiʻi.
Very little is known about his life.
He was the only son of Mieszko II Lambert by his wife Richeza, daughter of Count Palatine Ezzo of Lotharingia and granddaughter of Emperor Otto II.
Because of its location, it was doubly at risk.
Posterity has reckoned him an idealistic but impractical monarch.
Amda Seyon quickly became the pawn in the struggle for control of the throne, which ended in his death, and the ascension of Na'od.
H.H.Maharajadhiraj Raj Rajeshwar Sawai Shri Khande Rao II Holkar X Bahadur, belonging to the Holkar dynasty of the Marathas was Maharaja of Indore.
He fought against the conquistadors during the Conquest of Mexico at Cuauhtemoc's side.
He is remembered as the founder of Volga Bulgaria.
Installed in August 1953, he abdicated in October 1955, while Mohammed V was still in exile.
The sole female monarch before Kōgyoku/Saimei was Suiko-tennō.
He lost his domain in 1441 when he suffered a joint attack by the people of Coatlinchan, Cholula, Huexotzinco, and Tlaxcala.
Theodore II Doukas Laskaris or Ducas Lascaris was Emperor of Nicaea from 1254 to 1258.
The marble slab containing the inscription that honored Baybars' restoration work is currently located in the Great Mosque of Gaza.
Titus Veturius Geminus Cicurinus was a Roman Republican patrician politician and general of the gens Veturia.
After the death of her father Sultan Omar in 1341, his son Ahmed Shihabuddine ascended the throne as Ahmed Shihabuddine of the Maldives.
The resulting hybrid document offers a unique Inca perspective on the Spanish conquest of Peru.
Over his reign, the state extended from the Caspian Sea to the Arctic Ocean and the capital moved from Bolghar to Bilär.
He held close ties with the Carantanian and Carniolan tribes and with the Timočani tribe.
Amanineteyerike took on a full set of titles based on those of the Egyptian Pharaohs.
Meanwhile the orang kayas and uleëbalangs were dissatisfied with the new levies imposed on the land.
He ascended to the throne at the age of sixteen.
Longarus' influence grew and many other Illyrians from the Ardiaean Kingdom joined thim.
As a result, he came into conflict with the bishop of Utrecht, other bishops and monasteries in the surrounding area.
The Spartans granted it, but were not at first very successful.
She is one of the first ancient Egyptian queens whose name was written within a cartouche.
In 1832 the crown prince, Abbas Mirza, after subduing the Salor of Sarakhs, turned his attention to Mohammad Khan and his renegade tribe.
Modern historians, however, have been less enthusiastic about him.
Alexandru II Mircea was Hospodar of Wallachia from 1568 to 1574 and 1574 to 1577.
Kanittha Tissa was King of Anuradhapura in the 2nd century, whose reign lasted from 165 to 193.
He became the first Roman Emperor to be captured as a prisoner of war, causing instability in the Empire.
Khosrow II), entitled "Aparvēz", also Khusraw Parvēz, was the last great king of the Sasanian Empire, reigning from 590 to 628.
He was succeeded in 725 by his sons, Æthelberht II, Eadberht I, and Ælfric.
His mother, the queen, is identified as Driza Tökarma.
Tabiry was a Nubian queen dated to the Twenty-fifth Dynasty of Egypt.
Vlad was murdered before 10 January 1477.
Susuga Malietoa Laupepa was the ruler of Samoa in the late 19th century.
It is likely he lost part of his empire to the Kushano-Sassanians.
Abu Zakariya took full advantage of the victory to consolidate his power.
He is venerated as a saint by the Ethiopian Orthodox Church.
He did what the kings of Israel before him had done.
Emperor Senka, also known as Senkwa, was the 28th emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.
He died relatively young, and appointed as his successor not one of his sons, but his brother Mithridates I.
Although he resisted the Safavid siege for 6 months, he executed envoys of Ismail and a dargha who advised to him to make peace.
Many historians regard Offa as the most powerful Anglo-Saxon king before Alfred the Great.
Kuda Kala Kamanafa’anu, was a monarch, as Sultana regnant, of the Maldives from 1607 until 1609.
His father had been a caulker before becoming an admiral under Michael IV and botching an expedition to Sicily.
Mohammed V returned from exile on 16 November 1955, and was again recognized as Sultan after active opposition to the French protectorate.
Jan Seyum was a King of Ethiopia, and a member of the Zagwe dynasty.
He not only turned Poland into a country comparable to older western monarchies, but he raised it to the front rank of European states.
From 61 BC onwards, Burebista pursued a series of conquests that expanded the Dacian kingdom.
He earned the titles Vaidikamarga Sthapanacharya and Vedamarga Pravartaka.
Kavus was the 32nd ruler of Shirvan.
The chronicle Bustanus Salatin relates that he was bad-tempered and unfit to rule, and was therefore deprived of his throne as well as his life.
He succeeded Chattagahaka Jantu as King of Anuradhapura.
Their function was to establish and secure the Dacian kingdom internally.
Decebalus was the last king of Dacia.
In reaction, the Aetolian League and the Dardanians under Longarus joined with Skerdilaidas to defeat the Macedonians in 208 BC.
Menander was initially a king of Bactria.
Cleitus entered into an agreement with the Taulantii State under Glaucias and the Autariatae State under Pleurias.
Tigranes was an Orontid King of Armenia reigning in the period between 560–535 BC.
He gave his sister in marriage to Orodes' son and heir Pacorus.
During the reign of Almış, Volga Bulgaria developed to a united, strong and independent state.
It was against Rwandan customary law to attack Busongora as it was believed to be the home of the god Ryangombe.
`Abd al Mu'min ibn `Alī al Kūmī also known as `Abd al Mu'min was a prominent member of the Almohad movement.
Bishan Singh gave a written promise to destroy the fort of Sinsini.
Michael was the son of the patrician Theophylact Rhangabe, the admiral of the Aegean fleet.
This gave rise to the Battle of Poona in which the Peshwa was defeated.
Together they received the land of Lacedaemon after Cresphontes, Temenus and Aristodemus defeated Tisamenus, the last Achaean king of the Peloponnesus.
She is so far only known from 21 scarabs and a seal impression from Kerma.
Until his election as the khan of the three jüzes, Ablai had to compete with Khan Abul Mambet and his descendants of Middle jüz for leadership.
Emperor Manuel I Komnenos also allied himself with the Germans after defeating the Cumans in 1148.
Don Constantine was the child Portuguese puppet and last titular King of Jaffna in the 17th century, whose reign lasted from 1619 to 1624.
His name in Modern Persian is کوروش, Kurosh, while in Greek he was called Κῦρος, Kȳros.
Andronikos IV Palaiologos was Byzantine Emperor from 1376 to 1379.
After Mahendravarman's death, Isanavarman took Isanapura as his capital.
Vima Takto or Vima Taktu was a Kushan emperor reigned c. 80–90 CE.
He was the son and successor of Nabu-kudurri-usur and was toppled by a revolt led by his uncle, Marduk-nādin-aḫḫē.
He took the throne on December 25, 768 and reigning probably until his death.
Kapohauola was a High Chiefess in ancient Hawaii, Chiefess of Hawaiʻi island and Queen consort of Maui.
Ibrahim Muhammadu Maccido dan Abubakar, often shortened to Muhammadu Maccido, was the 19th Sultan of Sokoto in Nigeria.
Tamaeva IV was the reigning queen of the Polynesian island of Rimatara who ruled from 1876 until her death in 1892.
Nader Shah has been described as "the last great Asiatic military conqueror".
This 12th-century sovereign was named after Emperor Toba, and go-, translates literally as "later"; and thus, he is sometimes called the "Later Emperor Toba".
Vlad III, known as Vlad the Impaler or Vlad Dracula, was voivode of Wallachia three times between 1448 and his death.
The gold coins are of uncertain use but may have been struck to be used as alms or for gifts to Rome.
Heraclius was the Emperor of the Byzantine Empire from 610 to 641.
He usurped the throne from Gwrgan ap Cynfyn.
Constantina was the Empress consort of Maurice of the Byzantine Empire.
Abdullah Khan Afshar was the third khan of the Zanjan Khanate from 1782 to 1797.
N. Oikonomides speculates that Loukites omitted Andronikos from his list because the Emperor was excluded from the official gallery of Emperors of Trebizond.
His second in command, Deceneus, was responsible for the development of religious and social reform.
According to E. A. Wallis Budge, Yaqob's mother was Empress Maryam Sena; others sources suggest she was Emebet Harego of the Beta Israel.
Harsiotef was buried in a pyramid at Nuri.
On one occasion, Ali advised that his young son Balla be appointed to the vacant position of Benga-farma.
In comparison, Constantine's marriage was far less scandalous than that of his father's.
Many of the inhabitants of Tabora were Arab traders, and rivals of Mirambo for the control of the trade across Unyamwezi.
Sayf al-Din Muhammad was the king of the Ghurid dynasty from 1161 to 1163.
Mutnedjmet an Ancient Egyptian queen, the Great Royal Wife of Horemheb, the last ruler of the Eighteenth Dynasty.
An offering table discovered in Nuri lists his name and title; it is now in the Meroe Museum in Khartoum.
Kadašman-Enlil II, typically rendered dka-dáš-man-dEN.LÍL in contemporary inscriptions, meaning “he believes in Enlil” was the 25th king of the Kassite or 3rd dynasty of Babylon.
The title is usually translated as "radiant" but literally means "sun-faced".
A feat of these dimensions could be achieved only through war against Macedonia and, apparently, also against the heirs of Glaucias.
From 1486, he again paid a yearly tribute to the Ottomans.
Rashid Kalema Muguluma was Kabaka of the Kingdom of Buganda, from 21 October 1888 until 5 October 1889.
The nephew of Mirwais Hotak, his reign was noted for the sudden decline in the Hotak Empire under increasing pressure from Turkish, Russian, and Persian forces.
The additional three nomina of his name -- "Silvanus Staberius Flavianus" -- is due to either a testamentary adoption, or comes from his mother's family.
His mother was Her Highness Maharani Gowri Lakshmi Bayi.
He was detained for a second time under the Internal Security Act, at 1.10pm on 12 September 2008.
When he was born in 691 his mother named him after her father.
In subsequent years, he took steps toward the conquest of Pomerania.
He is a member of the Nnofo Royal lineage  and the successor to his father Igwe Okafo.
Mutebi I was Kabaka of the Kingdom of Buganda between 1674 and 1680.
He succeeded his brother Abd al-Wahid II in a period in which the Almohads controlled only parts of Morocco.
The sultanate was usually centered in the valley of Cotabato.
These campaigns re-established Roman control over the western Mediterranean, increasing the Empire's annual revenue by over a million solidi.
Ahmose-Henuttamehu was a princess and queen of the late 17th-early 18th dynasties of Egypt.
The uprising ended with the restoration of the independence of Bulgaria.
Like his father, he was a poet, was considered a sage, and had the reputation of being a fair ruler.
Ptolemy I Soter, according to the customs of the day, had several concubines and latterly neglected Euydice for Berenice.
He was the sovereign king or chief of the island of Hawai’i.
Cuitláhuac or Cuitláhuac was the 10th tlatoani of the Aztec city of Tenochtitlan for 80 days during the year Two Flint.
He reigned under the overlordship of Astyages, King of Media.
He ruled sometime between 794 and 810 and he was probably father of Dark Sun.
Philip III Arrhidaeus reigned as king of Macedonia from after 11 June 323 BC until his death.
Tzi-B'alam was the tenth ruler of Copan.
He was the founder of the city of Yervandashat.
Walla Jah was the Nawab of Bengal from 1821 to 1824.
In 56 BC Zhizhi, an elder brother of Huhanye, revolted, called himself Chanyu, and drove Huhanye out of the royal domain.
Abu Ali was one of those who converted to Islam during that period.
It is said that Suleyman Shah drowned in the river Euphrates in Syria.
Uda's reign spanned the years from 887 through 897.
He inherited the East Frisia after the unexpected death of his brother Rudolf Christian on 17 April 1628.
He succeeded his father Kutakanna Tissa as King of Anuradhapura and was succeeded by his brother Mahadathika Mahanaga.
The long line of kings at the once great city had come to an end.
During his father's reign, his cousin Ivan Vladislav and Ivan's entire family were all sentenced by Samuel to death for treason.
He traced his ancestry back directly to Erdeni Batur, the founder of the Dzungar Khanate.
According to Ptolemy, Chashtana directly ruled Ujjain, while Paithan continued to be ruled by Siristolemaios.
Zhao Xin was a minor Xiongnu prince, who switched to the Han.
In 387, Maximus' ambitions led him to invade Italy, resulting in his defeat by Theodosius I at the Battle of the Save in 388.
Hermann's son Bernard I was named as the new Duke of Saxony by Otto I's son Otto II, the new Holy Roman Emperor.
Leo was betrothed to Gisela, daughter of Pepin the Short but the contract was broken.
Emperor Chōkei was the 98th emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.
He was forcely sent to expedition to Honduras along with Cuauhtemoc.
Alaric lifted his blockade after proclaiming Attalus Western Emperor.
Leopold II of Lippe was the sovereign of the Principality of Lippe.
He died battling British colonial rule on the island nation of Sri Lanka.
He reigned as Velikiy Kniaz of Kiev from September 1149 to April 1151 and then again from March 1155 to May 1157.
He was the second son of the founder and first king of the dynasty, King Taejo of Joseon.
His memory was also central to the myth of the origins of the Kushite kingdom which was embellished with new elements over time.
Dowlatshah was the governor of Fars at age 9, Qazvin and Gilan at age 11, Khuzestan and Lorestan at age 16, and Kermanshah at age 19.
Titus Livius and others however maintain that Lartius was named dictator three years prior to Cloelius' ascension.
His eldest son, Mutara III of Rwanda, succeeded him.
His general, however, sold himself to the enemy and wasted time and money in a long and unprofitable campaign which was little but pretence.
He succeeded his brother Upatissa I as King of Anuradhapura and was succeeded by his son Soththisena.
The scheme first proposed by Hintze suggests that King Teriteqas died shortly after the beginning of the war.
Together they had seven children, including F.Obai Kabia and Soccoh Kabia.
Alexandru Coconul was Hospodar and Voivode of Wallachia from 1623 to 1627 and Hospodar of Moldavia from 1629 to 1630.
After Saul and Jonathan are killed in battle, David is anointed as King.
Gordian I was Roman Emperor for one month with his son Gordian II in 238, the Year of the Six Emperors.
Cletius managed to escape and kept his throne, probably as a vassal under the Macedonian Kingdom.
The basilica's complex architecture and expensive decorations stand as a testament to the prosperity of Venetian traders during this period.
Mas'ud ordered Altun Tash to undertake a campaign against 'Ali-tigin, and he dutifully responded, invading Transoxiana.
After a short reign, this Haraldr was removed from power by his overlord, Hákon Hákonarson, King of Norway.
He was the second son of Yunus Khan.
His reign lasted five months before he was overthrown by his twin Ma'sud I, after which he was blinded and imprisoned.
As Zhizhi grew more powerful, Huhanye moved south and submitted to the Chinese.
In later times, he became a symbol of Erzän independence and a figure of legend.
She was the daughter or niece of Bardyllis, the Illyrian king of the Dardanian State.
No contemporary documents survive for his reign or that of his successor, his younger brother, Mār-bῑti-aḫḫē-idinna.
On his father's death in 1055, Vratislaus became duke of Olomouc, whereas his older brother became Duke of Bohemia as Spytihněv II.
This Nanboku-chō "sovereign" was named after the 9th-century Emperor Kōkō, and go-, translates literally as "later."
Vlad could not assert his claim during the life of his half-brother, Alexander I Aldea, who acknowledged the suzerainty of the Ottoman Sultan, Murad II.
The reign of George Terter I represents a continuation of Bulgaria's precipitous decline during the second half of the 13th century.
He attempted to institute several reform measures, although the short length of his time as emperor prevented the success of those attempts.
Kaloomte' Bahlam also known as Curl Head,, was an ajaw or lord of the Maya city of Tikal.
However it was partly due to the ongoing civil war that Pizarro was able to triumph.
Early in his reign, Haraldr was forced to contend with an apparent coup perpetrated by a kinsman and perhaps an otherwise unknown younger brother.
He left several stelae carved with accounts of his reign.
However, many historians agree that he had an important influence in Vietnamese history.
Benerib was a Queen Consort of ancient Egypt from the First dynasty.
The kin-strife between the two was continued by their descendants, and in time included Haraldr Guðrøðarson himself.
See Sigeberht II of Essex for the Saxon ruler by that name.
Seiwa's reign spanned the years from 858 through 876.
Vima Kadphises was a Kushan emperor from approximately 90–100 CE.
French sources refer to her as Temaeva, and one Australian newspaper called her Te Maere, while her tombstone in Rimatara gives her name as Tamaeva.
Subsequently, the whole population of Ghuristan was taught the precepts of Islam and converted from Mahayana Buddhism to Islam.
Muyal Jol was the sixth ruler of Copan.
He led the splinter group along with Kerei, who was his relative, and who was also descended from the famous Urus Khan of the White Horde.
He was then exiled to Córdoba, Spain where he died in 985.
His name appears on the pylon of the cult chapel in front of the pyramid, which was in modern times restored.
Sicinius also appears as a character in Shakespeare's play Coriolanus, which concerns the events of 493 BC.
Bolesław conducted successful military campaigns in the west, south and east.
His territory included much of the present-day eastern Uttar Pradesh and some parts of western Bihar.
Manuel put Tihomir on the throne in 1166.
All others before him were assassinated or killed in battle.
Ninurta-kudurrῑ-uṣur I, “Ninurta protect my offspring/border”, ca.
The latter, Sultan Muhammad "invested Salehuddin with the insignia of Malay royalty and also attended the subsequent installation ceremony in Selangor".
Not long afterwards, however, he made his return with significant military assistance from mercenary English adventurers.
Circumstances led to the Battle of Chinsurah.
Puli Thevar was a Tamil poligar who ruled Nerkattumseval situated in the Sankarankoil taluk, Tirunelveli Tamil Nadu.
The Mongol chieftain Nogai Khan eventually had Ivailo murdered, but failed to restore Ivan Asen III in Bulgaria.
Sabin passed the remainder of his life in exile.
He ruled as king of Norway until his death in 1184.
In 1415 the Portuguese seized the port of Ceuta.
According to these sources, Bardylis lived a long time and was at an advanced age when he faced Philip II of Macedon.
In the summer of 1263, the fleet sailed down through the Hebrides.
Vlad's reputation for cruelty and his patronymic gave rise to the name of the vampire Count Dracula in Bram Stoker's 1897 novel Dracula.
Vlad's father and eldest brother, Mircea, were murdered after John Hunyadi, Regent-Governor of Hungary, invaded Wallachia in 1447.
1833–1831 BC, was the 12th king of Isin during the Old Babylonian period.
Robert Henry Clarence was Hereditary Chief of the Miskito Nation.
He is also accounted a saint by the Roman Catholic Church; his feast day is 23 December.
He was known for sending several embassies to Europe in an unsuccessful attempt to form a Franco-Mongol alliance against the Muslims in the Holy Land.
Monunius attested first in 176 BC was the son of Longarus, a Dardanian king who caused much trouble to Macedonia from 230 BC onwards.
For later chief of Maui, see Kahekili II.
As gains from these arrangements, Wallia was granted Aquitaine in 417 as a region where the Visigoths would be based as official allies or foederati.
His year of birth is unattested in any primary source.
When Gwrgan died, the throne of Ergyng was inherited, not by his sons Caradog and Morgan, but by Athrwys, the son of his daughter, Onbrawst.
Mauiloa was a contemporary of Laamaikahiki on Kauai.
He would later fight against as-Salih Ismail and his Khwarezemid allies—al-Mansur confronted the latter in 1241, 1242, 1244, and 1246.
However, at Tabari does record that Ibrahim as caliph did confirm the appointment of Abdallah ibn Umar as governor of Iraq.
Bahram III ascended to the throne vacated by his father following his death in 293 CE.
The country's capital was called Bolghar or Great "Bulgar".
He succeeded his father Jettha Tissa II as King of Anuradhapura and was succeeded by his son Upatissa I.
Junchen was a Chanyu of the Xiongnu, the successor to Laoshang Chanyu.
Trajan also pursued two conquests of Dacia, the first in 101–102 AD which concluded in a Roman victory.
The Abbasid caliphate became an ally of Volga Bulgaria.
655: She re-ascended, beginning a new reign as Saimei-tennō.
These coups were the workings of king Antiochus III which also saw Zareh's son Artaxias overthrow Orontes IV to become King of Armenia.
Historians formerly dated his reign as running from 802 AD to 835 AD.
Puresh was a Moksha kanazor, ruler of the Murunza kingdom in the Middle Volga region.
The Norwegian king's response was to send a fleet into the Isles under the command of Óspakr-Hákon, a member of Clann Somairle.
Emperor Ninkō was the 120th emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.
He was also the founder-president of Vishva Hindu Parishad.
After he returned from a pilgrimage to Jerusalem in 1492, he took over the rule of East Frisia together with his mother Theda.
Baha al-Din Sam III, was Sultan of the Ghurid dynasty from 1212 to 1213.
However the situation of forces was not in the Horde's favour.
After Michael failed to respect the treaty, the Ottomans gave assistance to his rival, Dan, who crossed into Wallachia in 1420.
Voshmgir means "quail catcher" in the local Caspian Iranian dialects.
Constantine VI was the only son of Leo IV and succeeded him as emperor, ruling jointly with his mother, Irene.
Animal Headdress, was ajaw of the Maya city-state of Tikal.
He had no male heir, but he did have a daughter Sparta and wife Clete.
Marduk-kabit-aḫḫēšu, "Marduk is the most important among his brothers", ca.
This resulted in the emigration of Copan's people to other city states.
In 281 BC Monunius entered into an alliance with Pyrrhus.
He was the son of Emperor Michael VII Doukas and his Georgian wife Maria of Alania.
He was succeeded by the new ruler, Amir Ayub Khan.
During his reign he established Pergamon as a considerable power in the Greek East.
Leontia, was the Empress consort of Phocas of the Byzantine Empire.
A year later, Theodor-Peter was also assassinated, and Kaloyan became the sole ruler of Bulgaria.
An inscription found in Barcelona provides details of his career.
Abd al-Haqq II was made sultan in 1420 under the regency of a Wattasid vizier, and later was nominal sultan under Wattasid control until 1465.
Domitian's reign came to an end in 96 when he was assassinated by court officials.
He succeeded his elder brother Æthelhere, after Æthelhere was killed with Penda of Mercia at the Battle of the Winwæd in about 655.
His brothers were Publius Valerius Publicola and Marcus Valerius Volusus.
He was the father of Amyntas I, who reigned in the latter part of the 6th century BC.
In 1556–1557 troops of Mulay Muhammad al-Shaykh, the sultan of Marrakesh captured the salt mines of Taghaza but then withdrew.
In exile, he was known for heading the King Kigeli V Foundation, an organisation promoting humanitarian work for Rwandan refugees.
Cambyses was an early member of the Achaemenid dynasty.
Although finding dominance in Central Tibet, the Dalai Lama has been an important figure beyond sectarian boundaries.
Initially, Russia recognized Abul-Mambet Khan as the Khan of Middle jüz, while Ablai was supported by China.
During this time Burebista built a system of citadels throughout the Orăştie Mountains and moved the capital from Argedava to Sarmizegetusa.
Unlike his other three brothers, Ilyas was not given a city in Transoxiana.
He was the son of John I of Avesnes and Adelaide of Holland.
He was succeeded by his eldest son, Waris Ali Mirza Khan Bahadur.
During his reign, the Hafsids of Tunis extended their rule to Algeria and Tlemcen, while the Marinids conquered Meknes.
He died childless in 958/959 and was succeeded by his younger brother Abusahl-Hamazasp.
A native of Dacia Aureliana near historic Thrace, he was known as Leo the Thracian.
He was the successor and nephew of Shirvanshah Kubad.
Shirvanshah Afridun II the Lionheart was the twentieth independent Shah of Shirvan.
She was married first to her maternal cousin Alexander, one of the sons of Cassander, King of Macedonia.
Kulasekara Cinkaiariyan is considered to be the first of the Aryacakravarti dynasty kings to establish his rule over the Jaffna Kingdom in modern Sri Lanka.
Symeon of Durham reports that Alhred of Northumbria fled to Ciniod's court when he was deposed in 774.
Monuments to Lapu-Lapu have been built in Manila and Cebu while the Philippine National Police and the Bureau of Fire Protection use his image.
Horace calls him king of the Dacians.
She was the second of four queens regnant to rule in succession.
The motive for Eorpwald's assassination was probably political as well as religious.
He ruled during an extensive expansion in Macedonia.
Modu thereupon installed himself and became chanyu.
A shawabti and a heart scarab belonging to Siaspiqa have been discovered as well.
On 23 January 1512, Vlad V cel Tânăr was decapitated under a pear tree in Bucharest.
Shams ad-Din ibn Muhammad was a Sultan of the Sultanate of Adal and a son of Muhammad ibn Badlay.
On his return home, he moved his capital to the city of Kalhu.
Raja Lumu was the first Sultan of Selangor.
Sena and Guttika were two Tamil chiefs from South India who invaded the kingdom of Anuradhapura and killed King Suratissa.
Those who were not favoured by the sub-king managed to poison Silamegha mind against him.
It is not clear whether Ulaqchi was his brother or his son.
Michael VIII then sent several Byzantine armies to attempt to assert Ivan Asen III on the throne of Bulgaria.
This was done when Longarus allied himself with the enemies of Macedonia, Rome, Scerdilaidas and Epirus.
Following Eorpwald's death, Ricberht may have become king, a possibility that is not mentioned by Bede or any contemporary commentator.
Among the modern scholars, the beginning of the Saka era is widely equated to the ascension of Chashtana in 78 CE.
She left the party just before Thai Rak Thai Party was banned.
Vigrahapala III was later defeated by the invading Chalukya king Vikramaditya VI.
She was the ariki of the Pa dynasty, one of the two chiefdoms of the Takitumu tribe on the island of Rarotonga.
He co-founded the city of Marrakech and led the Muslim forces in the Battle of Zallaqa/Sagrajas.
Apollodotos II was an important ruler who seems to have re-established the Indo-Greek kingdom to some extent of its former glory.
His prominent associates included Maria Christina of the Two Sicilies, queen mother and regent for the young Queen Isabella.
During these campaigns, more than 19,000 Xiongnu people were killed and captured, but the Han troops suffered heavy losses.
He was the last of the Anuradhapura Kingdom as well as from the House of Lambakanna II.
That being done, Modu with a whistling arrowhead shot at a good horse of his own.
Ochus' first inscription as Darius II can be dated to January 10, 423 BC.
Yuhi III Mazimpaka was the Mwami of kingdom of Rwanda from 1642-1675.
The year of the end of Alexander's reign is subject to debate; dates ranging from 309 to 311 have been proposed.
By some historiographic traditions, Xolotl founded Tenayuca ca.
Rani Mangammal was a queen regent on behalf of her grandson, in the Madurai Nayak kingdom in present-day Madurai, India, in 1689—1704.
Becoming an Hungarian ally in 1403–04, he received large possessions, including the important Belgrade and Golubac Fortress.
According to James Bruce, some of the Ethiopian lists of rulers omit his name.
Whilst this strengthened Norwegian links with the Isles, it secured the ecclesiastical independence of Óláfr's domain, and safeguard his secular authority in the region.
Touman, impressed with his bravery, put him in command of a force of 10,000 horsemen.
He was in turn succeeded by Muhammad II ibn Faris in 1362.
After Viestards death in 1230 area around Mežotne fell in the hands of German crusaders.
As king, David arranges the death of Uriah the Hittite to cover his adultery with Bathsheba.
Emperor Sushun was the 32nd emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.
Their wretched and immoral life was transformed into a civilized and spiritual one.
He revolted soon after the Greco-Bactrian Kingdom had broken away from the Seleucids, and Andragorus may have been allied with the new Bactrian king, Diodotus I.
He succeeded his uncle Kittisena as King of Anuradhapura and was succeeded by Upatissa II.
The circumstances of Narseh's rise to power are detailed in the Paikuli inscription.
Unlike Pleurtaus, Gentius developed bad relations with Rome and finally fought against them in the Third Illyrian War.
The actual events that brought about Huáscar's succession are unclear.
In addition, she was a priestess of Hathor, Mistress of Tepihu and a priestess of Hathor of Iunyt as well as a priestess of Neith.
Yizhixie was a Chanyu of the Xiongnu, the successor to Junchen.
According to some reminiscences, he has a brother named Alexander von Hillenbrand.
He was the son and successor of Ala al-Din Husayn.
The walls soon began to totter, and the Mantineans were forced to surrender.
He is considered to be the father of the last king of the Kingdom, Cankili II  and Migapulle Arachchi.
After persistent disloyalty, Safavid king Tahmasp I expelled him in 1538, and made Shirvan a full administrative subunit of the Safavid Empire.
It ended with the eventual fall of the Maratha empire after the second and the third Anglo-Maratha Wars.
Ahmad became the Sultan of Fez in 1374, while Abdul Rahman became the independent Sultan of Marrakesh.
Abijah married fourteen wives, and had 22 sons and 16 daughters.
Gaius Aemilius Mamercus was a Roman statesman who may have served as Dictator in 463 BC.
The only information available about Abdastartus comes from the following citation of the Phoenician author Menander of Ephesus, in Josephus’s Against Apion i.18:
Ahkal Mo' Nahb I, also known as Chaacal and Akul Anab I,, was an ajaw of the Maya city of Palenque.
He was born at Meknes in Morocco around 1004 AD.
Taejo of Goryeo, also known as Taejo Wang Geon, was the founder of the Goryeo Dynasty, which ruled Korea from the 10th to the 14th century.
He was the nephew of his predecessor, Parakramabahu I.
Built a bridge across the Araxes with the intent to raid the Rawadids.
Sayyid Wasif Ali Mirza Khan Bahadur KCSI KCVO was the Nawab of Murshidabad during 1906–1959.
Tidal, king of Goyim, is a monarch mentioned in Genesis 14:1.
Harsiotef was a Kushite King of Meroe.
Michael Edward Ward was an Irish-Australian detective.
Rögnvaldr was later killed battling Óláfr in 1229.
Adikhalamani was a Kushite King of Meroe dating to the 2nd century BCE.
He succeeded his father Parakramabahu VIII as king of Kotte and was succeeded by his son Vijayabahu VII.
In 44 BC he was reported to be on the north slope of the Tian Shan in modern Xinjiang.
Little else is known of this monarch, despite his epithet, the Great.
Proclaimed king upon his father's abdication while still a child, his mother ruled as regent.
Krum is said to have made a drinking-cup of Nikephoros' skull.
He was the eldest son of Amda Seyon I.
Chak Tok Ich'aak II also known as Jaguar Paw II and Jaguar Paw Skull,, was an ajaw of the Maya city of Tikal.
In the 1130s Bolesław participated in the dynastic dispute in Hungary.
In 1996, Sani Abacha, a later Nigerian military dictator, deposed Dasuki and named Maccido the new Sultan.
Born Soltan Mohammad Mirza, he was the eldest son of Safi I with his Circassian wife, Anna Khanum.
He participated in the Pelopponesian War against Sparta.
His parents were Mircea III Dracul and Maria Despina.
He was involved in a war of a few Lotharingian vassals against the imperial authority.
Susenyos II was nəgusä nägäst of Ethiopia.
On some coins he described himself as "BACIΛEYC AΧWMITW", "king of Axum".
His son, Sames, continued to rule in Sophene.
Böritigin, also known as Ibrahim ibn Nasr or Tamghach Khan Ibrahim, was a Karakhanid ruler in Transoxiana from 1038 to 1068.
When Vespasian was declared Emperor on 1 July 69, Titus was left in charge of ending the Jewish rebellion.
Commentators have noted how Edmund's death bears resemblance to the fate suffered by St Sebastian, St Denis and St Mary of Egypt.
Taking advantage of the latter's faltering authority, Somerled participated in a violent coup d'état, and seized half of the kingdom in 1156.
Using Alan's death as an opportunity to further integrate Galloway within his realm, Alexander forced the partition of the lordship amongst Alan's daughters.
Archelaus was a Roman client prince and the last king of Cappadocia.
He was appointed Roman consul twice, in the years 110 CE and 120 CE.
Only Pacal the Great is recorded to have ruled Palenque longer.
Nissanka Malla, also known as Kirti Nissanka and Kalinga Lokesvara was a king of Sri Lanka who ruled the country from 1187 to 1196.
Bahram IV, was thirteenth king of the Sasanian Empire from 388 to 399.
His Tang Dynasty-invested title was Yingwuweiyuanpiqiejuo Khan or Yingwu Khan in short.
His nickname was Lopa-ukamea, meaning iron cable.
Zechariah ruled Israel for only six months before Shallum murdered him and took the throne.
Accompanied by Raghuji Bhonsale and Daulat Scindia, Maharaja Yashwantrao Holkar on 4 June 1803 decided to fight against the British force after their meeting at Bodwad.
K'an Chitam also known as Kan Boar and K'an Ak,, was an ajaw of the Maya city of Tikal.
Dates in Toltec history are not entirely accurate, as the Toltec calendar is not completely understood.
Ahmad Khan Donboli was the second khan of the Khoy Khanate from 1763 to 1786
Sayri Túpac renounced his claim to the Inca Empire and accepted baptism, as Diego.
Musa Ben Faris ruled until 1386, and was replaced by Muhammad ibn Ahmad al-Wathiq, who ruled until 1387.
Boris I, also known as Boris-Mikhail and Bogoris, was the ruler of the First Bulgarian Empire in 852–889.
The principal source for Sigeberht is Bede's Ecclesiastical History of the English People, which was completed in the 730s.
: 2,000 infantry to the campaign, but was defeated in the Battle of Breadfield.
A large tribute of horses,elephants and gems were extracted from Dappula and the Kaluganga river was fixed as the western boundary of the Ruhuna.
He invaded the Norman Kingdom of Sicily, although unsuccessfully.
He was the son of Nicolae Alexandru and half-brother and successor to Vladislav I .
She was the younger sister of Maharajah Swathi Thirunal's consort.
He is the father of the current Ruler, Sheikh Humaid bin Rashid Al Nuaimi.
Commander of the Moesian troops, he obtained an important victory against the invading Goths and was, for this reason, acclaimed Emperor by his army.
He increasingly took part in the burgeoning Indian Ocean-based commerce.
A weak ruler, his reign was dominated by a series of powerful ministers and by his wife, Aelia Eudoxia.
Tayatzin was a king of Tepanec city of Azcapotzalco in Mexico.
He was crowned in 1715 after the death of his brother, Mirwais Hotak.
The empire was not to last, however, as colonial battles and division eventually destroyed the independent Fulani state.
Also, many reforms happened in his time relating to agriculture and commerce.
He reigned together with his younger half-brother Heraklonas, the son of Martina.
Both sides employed cavalry, elephants, and specialized troops such as archers, as well as traditional Macedonian phalanx.
Artavasdes II didn't come, so the Roman general quickly marched to the Armenian capital Artaxata.
No firm dates can be assigned to this emperor's life or reign, but he is conventionally considered to have reigned from 313 to 399.
He was the oldest son of Samsenethai.
Isamail Adil Shah was the king of Bijapur who spent most of his time extending his territory.
He was succeeded by his sons Carinus and Numerian, creating a dynasty which, though short-lived, granted further stability to a resurgent empire.
During Alasdair Óg's career, the Scottish realm endured a succession crisis as a result of the unexpected death of Alexander III, King of Scotland in 1286.
Dionysios Soter was an Indo-Greek king in the area of eastern Punjab.
Caracalla's maternal aunt, Julia Maesa, successfully instigated a revolt among the Legio III Gallica to have her eldest grandson, Elagabalus, declared emperor in his place.
Hayam Wuruk, also called Rajasanagara, Pa-ta-na-pa-na-wu, or Bhatara Prabhu,, was a Javanese King from the Rajasa Dynasty and the fourth monarch of the Majapahit Empire.
His other brother Basil managed to escape to Constantinople, where his uncle Michael was probably already residing.
He succeeded Parakkamabahu IV as King of Dambadeniya and was succeeded by Vijayabahu V.
Arsaces or Ashk has also given name to the city of Ashkabad.
Arikhankharer was the eldest son of Natakamani and Amanitore.
Shalmaneser III was king of Assyria, and son of the previous ruler, Ashurnasirpal II.
Eucratides had a vast and prestigious coinage, suggesting a rule of considerable importance.
Sultan Alauddin Riayat Shah II ibni Almarhum Sultan Mahmud Shah was the first Sultan of Johor.
He was the twenty second Kabaka of Buganda.
The Sambor Prei Kuk historical complex has been identified as Isanapura, the 7th century capital of Chenla.
Assyrian records call Tantamani a son of Shabaka and refer to Qalhata as a sister of Taharqa.
Alduin, Auduin, or Audoin was king of the Lombards from 546 to 560.
The former province of Shariff Kabunsuan in the Philippines was named after him.
Timur is also recognized as a great patron of art and architecture, as he interacted with Muslim intellectuals such as Ibn Khaldun and Hafiz-i Abru.
He named the nation Ah Kin Chel.
He was buried at the royal cemetery in Nuri.
He avenged the death of King Gagik II by killing his assassins.
In February 1956 he successfully negotiated with France and Spain for the independence of Morocco, and in 1957 took the title of King.
An accomplished military leader, he participated in his father's conquest of Central Asia, along with his brothers and uncles.
These alliances have allowed Bolesław to effectively defend the country from invasion in 1109.
After defeating his brother, Atahualpa became very briefly the last Sapa Inca of the Inca Empire before the Spanish conquest.
Trisong Detsen retired to live at Zungkar and handed power to his second son, Muné Tsenpo, in 797.
His mother's name was Maacah or Micaiah, the daughter of Absalom.
Abhaya Naga was King of Anuradhapura in the 3rd century, whose reign lasted from 237 to 245.
He devised a strategy to Assassinate Agvarjin Jonon and his retinue.
Guðrøðr's revolt was quickly and brutally crushed by Scottish forces, and the island remained part of the Kingdom of Scotland.
Ruben II, also Roupen II or Rupen II, was the seventh lord of Armenian Cilicia or “Lord of the Mountains”.
Ghaznavid attempts to stop Seljuqs raiding the local Muslim populace led to the Battle of Dandanaqan on 23 May 1040.
His forty-nine year reign was extraordinary in length, with only Æthelbald of Mercia and Offa of Mercia having comparable longevity.
The contemporary historian Niketas Choniates described Nicolaus Kanabus as a kind, gentle and intelligent man.
Áli died in the war, and Aðils took Áli's helmet Battle-boar and his horse Raven.
He was murdered in 1465 during the 1465 Moroccan revolt.
During his reign, Al-Aziz tried to demolish the Great Pyramids of Giza, Egypt, but had to give up because the task was too big.
Musa ibn Faris Abu Faris al-Mutawakkil was a disabled son of the former Sultan Abu Inan Faris.
Jamasp was a Sasanian king who ruled from 496 to 498.
At the age of seven, he famously visited France with the French Catholic Father Pigneau de Béhaine to sign an alliance between France and Vietnam.
Thoros II abdicated in favour of his young son Roupen in 1169, and placed Roupen under the guardianship of the Regent Thomas.
Following Azam Khan's death the following year, Sher Ali Khan was reinstated as Amir of Afghanistan.
This gave one of Sunni Ali Ber's generals, Muhammad Ture, a reason to challenge his succession.
Prince Kimera later became the third Kabaka of Buganda.
Aggabodhi VIII was King of Anuradhapura in the 9th century, whose reign lasted from 816 to 827.
A lamentation text in her son's tomb end with the line "ir n.f K3pws" which translates to "Kapus did this for him".
The historian Richard Pankhurst describes him as "the last great ruler of Ifat."
Cross’s reconstruction for these kings has been followed by William Barnes and is used in the present article.
He is recorded as, allied with three other kings, campaigning against five Canaanite city-states in response to an uprising in the days of Abraham.
He conquered the eastern Iranian lands, modern Afghanistan, and the northwestern Indian subcontinent.
He reduced the power of the treacherous nobility and heightened the stature of the sultan.
He was the son of King Shabaka and the nephew of his predecessor Taharqa.
During his reign the Resava School was formed.
His reign was relatively peaceful, marred only by disputes with Bishop Wilfrid, a major figure in the early Northumbrian church.
The Chinese burned Zhizhi's fort and killed him.
Dost Mohammad Khan was the founder of the Barakzai dynasty and one of the prominent rulers of Afghanistan during the First Anglo-Afghan War.
His relationship with his predecessor, Marduk-nādin-aḫḫē is uncertain.
Cross therefore give the following sequence for the four sons of the nurse of Abdastartus:
Today she is the Chief of Counsellor of Thewphaingarm school and Thewphaingarm school English Program Bangkok, Thailand.
Faramurz later died after 1063, probably in the 1070s.
Gofraid is an Irish masculine given name, arising in the Old Irish and Middle Irish/Middle Gaelic languages, as Gofhraidh, and later partially Anglicised as Goffraid.
Garshasp later died in 1051/2 in Khuzestan.
According to two popular theories, he succeeded either his father, Thocomerius, or the legendary founder of Wallachia, Radu Negru.
Burhan Ali - was self-declared Shah of Shirvan.
Asela was an early monarch of Sri Lanka of the Kingdom of Anuradhapura, based at the ancient capital of Anuradhapura from 215 BC to 205 BC.
Orodes II of Parthia, was the king of the Parthian Empire from 57 BC to 37 BC.
Greek 'Arsaces' appears as 'Artabanus' in Latin sources, and both forms appear in history books.
Habibullah was assassinated while on a hunting trip at Laghman Province on February 20, 1919.
He was only son of Khande Rao Holkar Bahadur, and his wife Ahilya Bai Holkar.
He is most famed for his decisive victory over the Aetolian League, a state in western Greece.
It's not clear, however, whether Mithrenes actually managed to take control of his satrapy.
Michael V was the son of Stephen by Maria, a sister of Emperor Michael IV.
According to the late fourteenth-century The Bruce, Aonghus Óg participated in the Battle of Bannockburn in 1314, Robert I's greatest victory over the English.
Sas was, according to the Slavo-Romanian chronicles, the second voivode of Moldavia.
He tried to engage in diplomacy with Hungarian king Frederick.
He ruled during the protracted war between the Byzantine Empire and the First Bulgarian Empire.
To obtain an imperial crown from the Holy See, Kaloyan entered into correspondence with Pope Innocent III, offering to acknowledge papal primacy.
In a desperate attempt to regain the throne, Mihnea and his eldest son converted to Islam.
His reign is remembered in Rwandan history as the most peaceful.
Astarymus was a king of Tyre and the third of four brothers who held the kingship.
In Greek mythology, Eurotas was a king of Laconia, the son of King Myles and grandson of Lelex, eponymous ancestor of the Leleges.
Their leader Gondophares temporarily displaced the Kushans and founded the Parthian that was to last until the middle of the 1st century CE.
Garshasp I ibn Muhammad, mostly known as Garshasp I, was the Kakuyid emir of Hamadan, including Nihawand, Borujerd and western Jibal.
He is officially considered to have been the Emperor of Northern Court from May 24, 1382 to October 21, 1392, when Emperor Go-Kameyama abdicated.
He was the grandson of Ahmad Shah Durrani and the fifth son of Timur Shah Durrani.
This is on the site of the city of Copán in western Honduras.
Desa initially held the region of Dendra, near Niš, until his later acceding to the throne.
The Chinese took prisoner up to 15,000 of both sexes and up to ten lower Princes from Jükü-Prince wing.
Wajih ad-Din Mas'ud was the leader of the Sarbadars of Sabzewar from 1338-1343 until his death.
Mohammad Afzal Khan was the Emir of Afghanistan from 1865 to 1867.
Since he was not recognized as a legitimate ruler, he is not assigned a number.
Darius is mentioned in the Biblical books of Haggai, Zechariah, and Ezra–Nehemiah.
He was married to Princess Catalina Crnojević of Zeta, daughter of Andrija Crnojević.
Narseh was the seventh Sasanian king of Ērānshahr.
He was considered a ruler with great diplomatic skills, and his kingdom extended from Mughan to Kumuk and Alania.
He was even Provveditore Generale of Venetian Dalmatia for two times.
During his reign several rebellions rose up against him and to quell those he aligned with the Portuguese.
He succeeded his father Makea Tinirau Ariki after his death in 1823.
However, each prince who seized the throne with Stephen's support was soon forced to pay homage to the sultan.
He was the patron of Nuruddin ar-Raniri, an Islamic scholar from Gujarat who arrived in Aceh in 1637.
Shahaji II Puar) of the Bhonsle dynasty of the Marathas, was the Maharaja of Kolhapur from 1947-1949.
He successfully used diplomacy, concluding alliances, first with Bohemia, then Sweden, and the Holy Roman Empire.
By all accounts, Alcetas was a calm and stable ruler, who sought to preserve his kingdom through peaceful means.
Sadnalegs or Tridé Songtsen, was the youngest son of King Trisong Detsen of Tibet.
There was a dispute among his sons but "after a long time" the people put seven-year-old Tridé Tsuktsen on the throne.
Tiberius Petasius was a Byzantine usurper in Italy around 729 and 730.
The plot was devised by his grandmother, Julia Maesa, and carried out by disaffected members of the Praetorian Guard.
Heraclius immediately took charge of the Byzantine–Sasanian War of 602–628.
Moreover, Vlad suspected Neagoe, the son of Parvu Craiovescu of wanting to become the Prince of Wallachia.
Sultan Salahuddin was the second sultan of Aceh, reigning from 1530 to c. 1537 or 1539.
Xerxes I is most likely the Persian king identified as Ahasuerus in the biblical Book of Esther.
Theodoric was born in Pannonia in 454, after his people had defeated the Huns at the Battle of Nedao.
Vlad I, known as Uzurpatorul, was a ruler of the principality of Wallachia in what later became Romania.
These figures are believed to represent the most important rulers in the dynastic history of the site.
The lenited variant spelling Gofraidh, was influenced by the Old French Godefroy.
However, most of the effective power was in the hands of Al-Adil, who installed himself in Damascus.
He was the son and successor of Hammurabi by an unknown mother.
Images of Natakamani frequently include an image of Amanitore, however, it could be that Amanitore was his mother rather than his wife.
Following his father's death, Eorcenberht ascended to the throne.
In 986, he was made marshal and in 991 and 995 he joined the young Otto on campaign against the Slavs.
Bertie was the second Englishman elected Grand Master since 1258.
Abu Sa'id Uthman II was the 10th Marinid sultan of Morocco, reigning from 1310 to 1331.
In 435 Genseric concluded a treaty with the Romans under which the Vandals retained Mauretania and part of Numidia as foederati of Rome.
At this time Haajee Imaaduddeen, nephew of the late sultan Nooraddeen, who would take over the throne after 2 months, ran the country.
He fought for Alexander at Gaugamela, and ironically he was fighting against an army that included his father Orontes II.
Mu'izz ad-Din Muhammad of Ghor later overthrew the Ghaznavid Empire in 1186 and conquered their last capital at Lahore.
This may have seem as a slur by the local Aramaic people, yet it is borne on his coins.
Sicard was assassinated in 839 and the treasurer Radelchis immediately proclaimed himself prince.
He is also known as Dom João Dharmapala, the first Christian king in Sri Lankan history.
The territories of Glaucias bordered upon those of Apollonia and Epidamnos, and this proximity involved him in frequent hostilities with those states.
During his reign Dharma Raja not only retained all the territories his predecessor had gained but administered the kingdom with success.
His titles were "Duke of the Guduscani" in 818; "Duke of Dalmatia" in 819; "Duke of Dalmatia and Liburnia" in 821.
Modu stole their good horses, rode, went away, and returned home.
Affreca de Courcy or Affrica Guðrøðardóttir was a late 12th-/early 13th century noblewoman.
He was the grandson of Khosrau II.
Hoseyn Khan Bayat was the second khan of the Maku Khanate from 1778 to 1822.
Being weak in mind and body, he was entirely under the influence of his minister Raja Bhau Phanse.
He succeeded his brother Dirk IV, Count of Holland, who was murdered in 1049.
However, Constantine's position was undermined by his weak constitution and, more immediately, by the birth of a son to Alexios I in 1087.
Shrimant Subadar Tukoji Rao I Holkar IV Bahadur, belonging to the Holkar dynasty of the Marathas was the Maharaja of Indore.
Salome Alexandra or Alexandra of Jerusalem, was one of only two women to rule over Judea.
He may have been the "Artasyrus" mentioned by Herodotus as being a Satrap of the royal satrapy of Bactria.
He was the 10th Kabaka of Buganda.
He was apparently a great-grandson of its founder Achaemenes, grandson of Teispes and son of Cyrus I.
So far things had not gone so badly, but in the next or the following year Chokkanatha paid a heavy price for his temporary success.
It is said that he was a descendant of mythical chief Paumakua of Maui.
He was the first Afghan ruler who attempted to modernize Afghanistan on Western designs.
As soon as the Dardanians set out on the road, the king's men attacked them with their cavalry and light infantry.
Mithridates I made Parthia into a major political power by expanding the empire to the east, south, and west.
He is mentioned only in the 9th-century Royal Frankish Annals, regarding year 821.
After Natakamani's death Shorkahor took the throne.
Sultan Sulaiman died on 25 September 1942 of blood poisoning.
Eorpwald was a member of the East Anglian dynasty known as the Wuffingas, named after the semi-historical king Wuffa.
Philip immediately consolidated his power as a result, so much that he defeated Bardylis in a decisive battle in 358 BC.
He succeeded his father Dappula III as King of Anuradhapura and was succeeded by his brother Sena I.
His legitimate sons were Mirza Abu Bakht and Mirza Fakhrunda Jamal.
Longarus was at war with various Macedonian kings and managed to conquer at different times part of Macedonia.
Titus Virginius Tricostus Caeliomontanus was a Roman statesman who served as Consul.
Īter-pīša, inscribed in cuneiform as i-te-er-pi/pi4-ša and meaning "Her command is surpassing", ca.
Varaz Trdat - was the Mihranid king of Caucasian Albania from 670 to 705.
After Burebista's death, the empire he had created dissolved into smaller kingdoms.
Of distinguished lineage, he served as a governor and general in the Balkans and Asia Minor in the 1060s.
Badr ul-Alam Syarif Hasyim Jamaluddin was the eighteenth Sulṭān of Acèh Darussalam in northern Sumatra.
He was the son of Toghrilcha and grandson of Mengu-Timur, who had been khan of the Golden Horde from 1267–1280.
Tekle Giyorgis I was Emperor of Ethiopia intermittently between 20 July 1779 and June 1800, and a member of the Solomonic dynasty.
Iah was a king's mother and queen of ancient Egypt c. 2060 BC, during the mid 11th Dynasty.
He was born in Arabia Petraea, the Roman province of Arabia, in a city situated in modern-day Syria.
He succeeded his father Vijayabahu V of Dambadeniya and became the King of Gampola.
He had conspired with Esen Taish of Oirad Aimag to dispatch Taisun.
He is best known for his restoration of the Eganunmaḫ in Ur and the famines and droughts that accompanied his reign.
Vatuka was King of Anuradhapura in the 1st century BC, who ruled in the year 47 BC.
His reign spanned the years from 1308 through 1318.
He ruled from June 5, 501 AD to his death.
The age of 22 is also found in some Greek and Syrian versions of 2 Chronicles 22:2.
He was reportedly murdered while drunk by Pharnacyas and Menostanes on Sogdianus' orders.
Chedihou Chanyu, whose name was probably Chedi, was a Chanyu of the Huns, the successor to Guilihu Chanyu, he was a fourth generation after Maodun Chanyu.
Ahaziah of Judah or Jehoahaz, was a king of Judah, and the son of Jehoram and Athaliah, the daughter of king Ahab of Israel.
After the Turkish advance into Anatolia that followed the Battle of Manzikert, his dynasty controlled the north-central regions in Anatolia.
Theodor made him his co-ruler after Asen was murdered in 1196.
Bhuvanaikabahu I is known to have resided in Yapahuwa.
Emperor Go-Kōgon was the 4th of the Emperors of Northern Court during the Period of the Northern and Southern Courts.
He was educated privately at Kingston, Jamaica.
Tzitzak, baptised Irene, was a Khazar princess, the daughter of khagan Bihar, who became empress by marriage to Eastern Roman Emperor Constantine V.
He was the twenty-fourth Kabaka of Buganda.
His reign spanned the years from 1412 through 1428.
His reign is important since it saw the arrival of three new European powers to the region of the Melaka Straits: the Dutch, English and French.
The Synchronistic Kinglist records him as a contemporary of Assyrian king Tiglath-Pileser II.
Born to K'inich Muwaan Jol and Lady Bahlam Way, Chak Tok Ich'aak I is one of Tikal's best known kings.
Alasdair Óg Mac Domhnaill was Lord of Islay and chief of Clann Domhnaill.
Some modernization of Egyptian and Sudanese infrastructure also occurred using western loans.
His son, Kasym Khan codified the laws of his people.
In the Chronicle of Henry of Livonia, he is called king.
Kittisena was King of Anuradhapura in the 6th century, whose reign lasted the year 524.
Siaosi Tupou II, King of Tonga was the King of Tonga from 18 February 1893 until his death.
Raden Wijaya, Raden Vijaya, was a Javanese King, the founder and the first monarch of Majapahit empire.
Gisaka's teenage King Kimenyi III was a nephew of Bwanacyambwe's King Kimenyi II Shumbusho.
Bridei was king of the Picts, in modern Scotland, from 843 to 845, contesting with Kenneth MacAlpin.
His most famous exploit, however, was the capture and plundering of Rome in June 455.
This action caused outrage among supporters of Zbigniew, resulting in a political crisis in Poland.
He was succeeded as emperor by Macrinus after three days.
He was the Second King of Gampola co-ruling with his brother Bhuvanaikabahu IV, and was succeeded by his son Vikramabahu III.
Ibrahim requested and was granted Marwan's assurance of personal safety.
He was succeeded by his half-brother, Ahmad Ali Khan, after his death.
He was a member of the ruling Wuffingas dynasty and one of three sons of Eni to rule East Anglia as Christian kings.
Martina intended to balance this setback with the coronation of her younger son the Caesar David as emperor.
Liüntika or Levente was a Hungarian tribal chieftain, the eldest son of Grand Prince Árpád.
Mas'ud I of Ghazni, known as Amīr-i Shahīd, was sultan of the Ghaznavid Empire from 1030 to 1040.
Viracocha or Wiraqucha was the eighth Sapa Inca of the Kingdom of Cusco and the third of the Hanan dynasty.
His father Vlad Dracul had previously held the throne, as had his brothers Mircea II and Radu the Handsome, and lastly Vlad III.
According to one of his coins, he was the son of Bhumaka.
Heraclius entered diplomatic relations with the Croats and Serbs in the Balkans.
Though never Duke of Saxony himself, while Otto was in Italy from 961 until 972, Hermann served as Otto's personal representative in governing Saxony.
He was a son of Emperor Ingyō.
The canopic box is in Berlin too and has the number 1175.
He was the first emperor of the Year of the Four Emperors and the last emperor born in the first century BC.
Amir Suri is known to have fought the Saffarid ruler Ya'qub ibn al-Layth al-Saffar, who managed to conquer much of Khurasan except Ghur.
The mission to escort the young Kökötchin across Asia to Arghun was reportedly taken by Marco Polo.
Caracalla's reign was marked by domestic instability and external invasions from the Germanic people.
A rival tradition is held by Livy, Pausanias, Suidas and Junianus Justinus, with Caranus as the first Macedon king.
Alvise III Sebastiano Mocenigo was the 112 Doge of Venice from 1722 to 1732.
Emperor Go-Yōzei was the 107th Emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.
Amanineteyerike was the son of King Malewiebamani, and brother of Baskakeren.
He pursued an expansionist policy, and was the greatest of the rulers of Wadai.
Shortly afterwards the two sides signed a truce promising the cessation of hostilities.
Ali III was the fourteenth independent Shah of Shirvan.
Necho I, the Assyrians' representative, was killed in Tantamani's campaign.
Ali ibn Buya, known by his laqab Imad al-Dawla, was the founder of the Buyid dynasty in Iran.
Agha Mohammad Khan's reign is noted for the reemergence of a centrally led and united Iran.
Moving swiftly along Roman roads, Alaric sacked the cities of Aquileia and Cremona and ravaged the lands along the Adriatic Sea.
Prince Miloš ruled autocratically, permanently refusing to share power.
The Hebrew Bible presents Ahab as a wicked king.
His name can best be interpreted "my father is king", claiming the inherited right to rule.
According to legend, Bolesław chipped his sword when striking Kiev's Golden Gate.
He was born in Zolochiv, c. 1801, the Polish city that time was part of the Holy Roman Empire.
He succeeded his brother Dathopa Tissa II as King of Anuradhapura and was succeeded by Unhanagara Hatthadatha.
Aelia Ariadne was the Empress consort of Zeno and Anastasius I of the Byzantine Empire.
Pleuratus III was an Illyrian king of the Ardiaean Kingdom.
He was called Elagabalus only after his death.
Nopaltzin was a 13th century Chichimec leader, a Tlatoani.
Niliya was King of Anuradhapura in the 1st century BC, whose reign lasted the year 47 BC.
Phelles was a King of Tyre and the last of four brothers who held the kingship.
Under Mikâîl's sons Tuğrul and Çağrı, the Seljuqs migrated into Khurasan.
Óspakr-Hákon was slain early in the campaign, after which Óláfr took control of the fleet and secured himself on Mann.
In 1008 he played a leading role in a battle against the Karakhanids at Sharkhiyan near Balkh, in which the Ghaznavids were victorious.
He defeated Boril who was captured and blinded in Tarnovo in 1218.
It appears in Xenophon's Memorabilia and in Cicero's De Officiis.
Most details of his life are uncertain.
Silakala Ambosamanera was King of Anuradhapura in the 6th century, whose reign lasted from 526 to 539.
He died at Luang Phrabang July 26, 1920, having had 11 sons and 13 daughters by 11 wives.
Lucius Sicinius Vellutus was a leading plebeian in ancient Rome, of the gens Sicinia
Malewiebamani succeeded Nasakhma and in turn was succeeded by Talakhamani, who could be either a son or a younger brother of Malewiebamani.
Mallu Adil Shah, of the Adil Shahi dynasty, was the king of the Bijapur Sultanate, India, for a short period in 1534.
He had two sons and one stepson.
As queen mother, she exerted considerable political influence during the reign of her son from 1848 until her death 1873.
He is known only from three inscriptions and ruled during a period of chaos.
Vlad IV Călugărul, translated as Vlad the Monk, was the pious half-brother of Vlad III, and one of many rulers of Wallachia during the 15th century.
His surviving monuments were found in the modern village of Copán Ruinas, which was a major complex during the Classic period.
After his defeat, the Romans split the region into three administrative divisions, called meris.
His daughter, Anna of Wallachia, married Tsar Ivan Stratsimir of Bulgaria and became mother of Tsar Constantine II of Bulgaria and Queen Dorothea of Bosnia.
He was succeeded by his son Jani Beg.
According to the chronicle of Theophanes the Confessor, Eudokia was a sister-in-law of Michael Melissenos, strategos of the Anatolikon Theme.
The only information known about him is derived from two passages in Josephus's Against Apion, i.17 and i.18.
Once again among his tribesmen, he married the sister of Yizhixie and became his chief adviser on matters related to China.
Yazid was the caliph as appointed by his father Muawiyah I and ruled for three years from 680 CE until his death in 683 CE.
Khri ma lod remains the only woman in Tibetan history to rule Tibet.
Other monarchs from the House of Omri are Ahab, Ahaziah, Joram, and Athaliah.
Few records relating to East Anglia have survived and almost nothing is known of Æthelwold's life or reign.
He was the younger brother of Nissanka Malla.
He had initially been the voivode, or head, of the Vlachs in Maramureș in the Kingdom of Hungary.
The canopic box was given to queen Mentuhotep by king Djehuti, as indicated in a dedication inscribed on the box.
He was deposed in 1450 by Sapumal Kumaraya a military leader sent by Parakramabâhu VI from the rival Kotte Kingdom in the south.
Abū Yaʿqūb Yūsuf al-Mustanṣir was Caliph of Morocco from 1213 until his death.
According to Islamic popular tradition, recorded in an apocalyptic style, Yazid would go himself into the marketplace.
Temilotzin was born in Tlatelolco and ruled Tzilacatlan.
He succeeded his father Moggallana II as King of Anuradhapura and was succeeded by Maha Naga.
He arrested two Roman legati, accusing them of not coming as emissaries but as spies.
The Dalai Lama figure is important for many reasons.
Agesipolis I was the twenty-first of the kings of the Agiad dynasty in ancient Sparta.
Sambhaji Raje was named "Shambuji Raje" at his birth after Lord Shiva.
Kigeli II crossed Rusizi river with his army and counter-attacked nearly all the chiefdoms in eastern Congo, including Bishugi, Kamuronsi, Gishali, Buhunde, Buzi, and Tongo.
Amda Iyasus was Emperor of Abyssinia, and a member of the Solomonic dynasty.
The remainder of his reign, however, was quiet.
He was the youngest son of Vlastimir of Serbia, the first independent ruler of Rascia.
Udaya III was King of Anuradhapura in the 10th century, whose reign lasted from 964 to 972.
She was the mother of Princess Ahmose.
Before the end of the year, Theodor-Peter was crowned and adopted insignia that was used only by the emperors.
Matshobana married his first wife, Nompethu KaZwide, who gave birth to Mzilikazi in 1790.
He converted nearly all the Borjigin leaders to Islam during his lifetime.
He only reigned for five days, being killed by his successor and Vijayabahu II's sub-king, Nissanka Malla.
Al-Mundhir III ibn al-Nu'man, also known as Al-Mundhir ibn Imri' al-Qays was the king of the Lakhmids in 503/505–554.
Zainul Abidin was the son of Sultan Ghori alias Abdullah, who was the vassal ruler of Aru and died in battle in 1568.
He was subsequently exiled to Voronezh, in Russia – an act which was vastly unpopular with the Abkhaz people.
Trisong Detsen is said to have had four sons: Mutri Tsenpo, Muné Tsenpo, Mutik Tsenpo, and Sadnalegs.
During his reign he fought successfully against the Alemanni and scored a victory against the Goths at the Battle of Naissus.
Taxila in western Punjab was reconquered from nomad Scythian rule, and according to Bopearachchi, eastern territory was taken back from Indian kingdoms.
He was the successor of Darayisung Gödeng Khan and had direct rule over the Chahar.
He is widely known as Mīrwais Nīkə or Mīrwais Bābā in the Pashto language.
In 1135, Khabul invited by Taizong of Jin and he pulled the beard of the Taizong at the court of the Jin.
He was succeeded the same day by his advisor Nerva.
Most sources have Darius as part of a group of seven conspirators.
Matthew Asen Kantakouzenos or Cantacuzenus was Byzantine Emperor from 1353 to 1357.
The next year, 125 BC, the Xiongnu in 3 groups, each with 30,000 cavalry, again raided Chinese provinces.
The Government of India also resumed him all his estates in 1953.
Kōbun's reign lasted only a few months in 671–672.
He may have been the father of the apparent Clann Domhnaill chief who was slain caimpaining in Ireland in 1318.
He was originally a nobleman, the son in law of one of the principal priests at Mayapan.
He became the dominant ruler of the peninsula of India by defeating the Sultans of Bijapur, Golconda, the Bahmani Sultanate and the Raja of Odisha.
Catilius, not the son of a Cn.
He was a son of King Antiochus III the Great.
The name of Ineni's husband is not known with any certainty.
For the prophet and king of Israel see David
Yazid appointed Mansur ibn Jumhur to replace Yusuf ibn 'Umar as governor of Iraq.
After dying in Carthage at the age of 88, Genseric was succeeded by his son Huneric.
He in turn fathered the last member of the family Kiurike IV, who died without being succeeded.
1144 and portraits on a stucco-covered pier from Temple 19, only date from his reign is from 742, when he inslalled lord into important office.
Saladin climbed the ranks of the Fatimid government by virtue of his military successes against Crusader assaults against its territory and his personal closeness to al-Adid.
He married the daughter of Lt. Col. Krishnan Gopinathan Pandalai, the sometime Supt.
Hosayn Qoli Donboli was the fourth khan of the Khoy Khanate from 1797 to 1813
According to Sultan Ali, the British Military Administration wanted him removed for his refusal to sign the Malayan Union treaty.
Alexios V Doukas was crowned in early February 1204.
Jehu was the tenth king of the northern Kingdom of Israel since Jeroboam I, noted for exterminating the house of Ahab at the instruction of Jehovah.
For example, chanting a timo tablet could release supernatural powers to kill a murderer.
He was a rather obscure monarch and the penultimate predecessor of Erība-Marduk who was to restore order after years of chaos.
He was the son of Abeto Adigo.
She is known from Cairo Statue 49157 from Karnak.
The Grand Princes of Moscow, Simeon Gordiy, and Ivan II, were under constant political and military pressure from Jani Beg.
He might have been a son of Demetrius and one of his sub-kings in charge of the Paropamisade between Bactria and India.
He was a younger brother of Emperor Bahadur Shah II and former Crown Princes Mirza Jahangir and Mirza Salim.
He was succeeded by his elder brother, despot Stefan III Branković.
Hormizd IV, was king of the Sasanian Empire from 579 to 590.
He was also the Prince of Hrodna, Prince of Lutsk, and the postulated king of the Hussites.
From 1522 to 1525 he battled the Turks, who supported Vladislav al III-lea and Radu Bădica, both claimants of the throne.
Maathorneferure was an Ancient Egyptian queen, the Great Royal Wife of Ramesses II.
He was a member of the Artaxiad Royal House.
In 18, the previous Armenian King was exiled and Artaxias became popular and in favor with the Armenians.
Showing a very sophisticated military tactic, Cniva divided his army in smaller, more manageable groups and started to push back the Romans into a marshy swamp.
Hiệp Hòa was the 29th son of Emperor Thiệu Trị.
Vahram of Edessa, the historian tells us that he was cast into prison and poisoned to death.
See the chronological justification for these dates in the Pygmalion article.
Prince Heinrich's widow, Anne Marie de Lustrac, died also in a car crash in Milan, Italy on 16 August 1999.
Stela M and its associated altar are at its base and a large sculpted figure is located in the centre of every 12th step.
Ochus became Darius II; he was the sole ruler of the Persian Empire until 404 BC.
He was adopted by his cousin, Maharaja Hari Rao Holkar IX, 2 July 1841,and succeeded on the death of his adopted father, 24 October 1843.
Jaya Chamarajendra Wadiyar, was the 25th and the last ruling Maharaja of the Kingdom of Mysore from 1940 to 1950.
Later, in honor of this legend, a sword called Szczerbiec would become the coronation sword of Poland's kings.
Under his reign, the state saw rapid changes from a small fishing town at the time of independence to a modern emirate.
Edmund joined Æthelred to defend London, but he died on 23 April 1016, making Edmund King.
His ally Mithridates later turned against and fought the Romans in 47 / 48 AD who had put him on the throne earlier in 41.
He is considered as the founder of the Kushan Empire.
He ruled the Achaemenid Empire for a short time, with little recognition in his kingdom known primarily from the writings of Ctesias.
Abd al-Wahid was the son of the great Almohad conqueror Abu Yaqub Yusuf and younger brother of the late Caliph Yaqub al-Mansur.
He was the son of Bahram I.
Alexios IV Megas Komnenos or Alexius IV,, Emperor of Trebizond from 5 March 1417 to October 1429.
Dappula's two cousins were arrested, Dappula himself managed to escape to Ruhuna.
Stephen was duke of Croatia under Krešimir around 1066.
His primary mission as dictator was to hold the comitia to elect new consuls.
Now four sons of his nurse plotted against him and slew him.
He participated in the conquest of the Peloponnese and became the second prince of Achaea.
The priestly offices could suggest she was a daughter of one of the Libyan Pharaohs.
Appointment of Raja Ibrahim as 4th Sultan of Malacca was unpopular because he was too young and raw.
Edmund unofficially became the Earl of the East Midlands and took Ealdgyth for his wife.
Nothing is known of his early life, but judging from his Latin name "Petasius" he was a native of Italy.
In 1533, Francis I of France sent as ambassador to Ahmad ibn Muhammad, in the person of colonel Pierre de Piton.
Leo was the son of Emperor Constantine V by his first wife, Irene of Khazaria, the daughter of a Khagan of the Khazars.
They wanted to take advantage of the people's enmity to Spain as a means to conduct raids against Spanish possessions in Central America.
Chao Anouvong, or regnal name Xaiya Setthathirath V,, led the Laotian Rebellion as the last monarch of the Lao Kingdom of Vientiane.
Bazindlovu, who was the son of King Archie Velile Sandile, and Queen Nolizwe, the daughter of King Victor Poto Ndamase Aa!
The result was a war that proved disastrous for Antipas; a Roman counter-offensive was ordered by Tiberius, but abandoned upon that emperor's death in 37 AD.
Bhuvanaikabahu IV was the first King of Gampola who ruled from 1344/5 to 1353/4.
Altun Tash's tenure as Khwarazm-Shah consisted of preventing the Oghuz and Qarluqs from making raids into the region.
Soon after, the Parthians invaded from the west.
He took the throne on December 27, 537?
His ship, together with ships from Halicarnassus, Cos and Nisyros, were under the command of Artemisia.
He was lover of Archelaus I of Macedon, whom he killed to become a king himself.
He was the first monarch of the Kingdom of Upatissa Nuwara succeeding Upatissa, who reigned as regent.
The Fatimids ruled for 10 more years after they ousted al-Hajjam only to be once again overthrown by the Idrisids under the leadership of al-Qasim Guennoun.
Taking advantage of a truce with Matthias Corvinus, the Ottomans captured Chilia, their Crimean Tatar allies Cetatea Albă in 1483.
Maria and Heraclius were children of Heraclius the Elder and his wife Epiphania according to the chronicle of Theophanes the Confessor.
In 1261, Alexander II's son and successor, Alexander III, attempted to purchase the Isles without success, before Scottish forces raided into the Hebrides.
Caesar was my grandsire and my grandsire was Khagan.
At this moment, the Chronicle of the Priest of Duklja ends, presumably because the author of the original text had died.
Dharma Parakramabahu IX was King of Kotte in the sixteenth century, who ruled from 1508/09 to 1528.
Alcetas II was king of the ancient Greek kingdom of Macedon.
Mubarak Ali Khan was succeeded by his son, Babar Ali Khan after his death on 6 September 1793.
Mahasena, also known in some records as Mahasen, was a king of Sri Lanka who ruled the country from 277 to 304 AD.
Kalanipehu was a High Chief on the Hawaiian island of Molokai in the 17th century.
Voharika Tissa was King of Anuradhapura in the 3rd century, whose reign lasted from 215 to 237.
He was the son of Altun Tash.
The sultan's second wife is from Indian Muslim descent.
He was enthroned in unusual circumstances following the removal of his predecessor Moncef Bey by the French Resident General Henri Giraud in 1943.
He waged a civil war before suffering a crushing defeat at Kadalinivatha.
In Egyptian hieroglyphics the throne name of Amanitore reads as Merkare.
Abd al-Haqq II was Marinid Sultan of Morocco from 1420 to 1465.
Tadibast III was an ancient Egyptian queen consort during the late Third Intermediate Period, around the second half of the 8th century BCE.
Túpac Amaru or Thupa Amaro was the last indigenous monarch of the Neo-Inca State, remnants of the Inca Empire in Vilcabamba, Peru.
They are credited as main donors and patrons of the Boyana Church.
Al Kamil agreed and in February 1253 he set off bearing rich gifts.
By 1182, Saladin had completed the conquest of Muslim Syria after capturing Aleppo, but ultimately failed to take over the Zengid stronghold of Mosul.
Victor Spinei thinks that Bogdan came to Moldavia immediately after the death of Sas, before Balc was able to consolidate his reign.
An-Nasir Muhammad appointed Baybars na'ib of Gaza in 1307-08.
He attempted an invasion of Transylvania in 1564, and when this failed he was assassinated by his boyars.
Vijayabahu V was the last King of Dambadeniya in the 14th century, who reigned from 1325/6 to 1344/5.
He is also famous for his written history of the Mongol Empire.
In 1229 Viestards led semigallian revenge raid in crusader lands around Aizkraukle where he had a duel with komtur of Aizkraukle Marquart von Burbach.
Constans or Constans I was Roman Emperor from 337 to 350.
By associating himself with his son Alexios on these coins, John may be advertising his choice for his successor.
Tarekeniwal is only known from his pyramid in Meroe.
He was succeeded by his unborn brother Shapur II.
His son, Lucius Minicius Natalis Quadronius Verus, served his legate, or assistant, during his tenure in Africa.
He fought on the British side in the 1893 Matable War.
The region of Bessarabia, situated between the rivers Dniester and Prut, was named for the Basarab dynasty.
At an unknown date, East Anglia was attacked by a Mercian army led by its king, Penda.
He was the fifteenth Kabaka of Buganda.
In July 2013, David and his sons and nephew were canonized by the Holy Synod of the Patriarchate of Constantinople.
In 58 BC, Huhanye, a younger son of the 12th Chanyu, revolted and made himself the 14th Chanyu.
Abbas ibn Shith was the king of the Ghurid dynasty.
Having inherited Samuel's war with the Byzantine Empire, Gavril Radomir raided Byzantine territory, reaching as far as Constantinople.
This was not accepted by the city of Groningen.
He was the elder son of Floris III and Ada of Huntingdon.
Immediately following his arrival, he studied at al-Maktab al-Amiri and obtained his advanced degree in 1834.
As Prince of Wallachia he moved the capital from Târgoviște to Bucharest.
Note that we presume a haplography in Josephan text between ‘Ashtart, the eldest brother of the four usurpers, and Dalay-‘ashtart his successor.
Partisan of an aristocratic regime, he was supported by the kingdom of Aragon and opposed by the plebeians and the Republic of Genoa.
He oversaw many ambitious political and military plans, aimed mostly for the aid of the faltering Western Roman Empire and recovering its former territories.
His accession signaled disasters to the Kingdom and his reign marked the first phase of the decline of the mighty Bijapur Kingdom.
By 934, his authority was acknowledged as far as Shiraz and Ahvaz.
Leo V the Armenian was Emperor of the Byzantine Empire from 813 to 820.
He was a ruler of one of the Bulgar duchies, probably, the Bolghar Duchy.
He was given lands in Thrace as an appanage by Sultan Mehmed II, which he ruled until his disgrace in 1467.
He was succeeded by Alaric's illegitimate son or son in law Theodoric.
In 1152, Guðrøðr travelled to Norway and rendered homage to Ingi Haraldsson, King of Norway.
Kadašman-Enlil I, typically rendered mka-dáš-man-dEN.LÍL in contemporary inscriptions, was a Kassite King of Babylon from ca.
He took over after the death of his father Yahya I in 864.
During Ahmad ibn Ibrahim al-Ghazi's invasion of Ethiopia, Menas had been captured but treated well as a valuable prisoner.
Parakkamabahu IV was King of Dambadeniya in the 14th century, who was also a scholar known as Pandit Parakramabahu.
Eventually, Livy says, an accord was reached between the patricians and the plebs, which included creating the office of tribune of the plebs.
Mallu Adil Shah succeeded his father Ismail Adil Shah's death.
He took the throne on May 3, 682 and reigned until his death.
Maha Cula Maha Tissa was King of Anuradhapura in the 1st century BC, who ruled from 76 BC to 62 BC.
During his reign, Vanniar incited Sinhalese for rebellion, which resulted suppression of rebellion, Virodaya’ innovation against Vanniar and they suffered.
Berenice is said to have participated in the Nemean Games and to have competed in Olympic games at some unknown date.
The dates of his reign are unknown.
The only son of the previous ruler, Sir Mangal Singh Prabhakar Bahadur.
Ivan Asen III, ruled as emperor of Bulgaria 1279–1280.
Despite a number of military setbacks, the reign of Boris I was marked with significant events that shaped Bulgarian and European history.
In 1465, Ahmed Khan seized power in the Horde by rising against his brother Mahmud bin Küchük, who had been its ruler since 1459.
Born on 12 September 1951, she is of Persian/Pakistani descent and was born in Taftan India & Persia
He had a brief and turbulent reign from 1604 to 1607 before being succeeded by his more famous nephew Iskandar Muda.
Mir Jafar Ali Khan Bahadur was the first Nawab of Bengal with support from the British East India Company.
Abul Hasan Qutb Shah was the eighth and last ruler of the Qutb Shahi dynasty, sovereign of the kingdom of Golconda in South India.
He was the second son of King Sukjong.
Idris’ other son was Abu al-Hasan as-Said al-Mutadid.
With Muhammad’s death and Ali’s accession disorder had begun in the Karnataka.
He and his brother were the khan jointly.
His name is given as Kineth in the king lists of the Pictish Chronicle.
Kujula Kadphises was a Kushan prince who united the Yuezhi confederation during the 1st century CE, and became the first Kushan emperor.
Ndawula Nsobya was Kabaka of the Kingdom of Buganda between 1724 and 1734.
He was the son of Timur Shah Durrani, and the penultimate Durrani Emperor.
He was Jöchi's fifth son and a grandson of Genghis Khan.
During his rule, the country was firm and steady.
Emperor Go-Saga was the 88th emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.
Dharmasoka was an infant King of Polonnaruwa in the thirteenth century, who ruled from 1208 to 1209.
This reign spanned the years from 1221 through 1232.
He was the great-grandfather of Kamehameha I, the first king of the Kingdom of Hawaii.
Sir Salimullah was a staunch supporter of the Partition of Bengal and was a member of East Bengal and Assam Legislative Council from 1906 to 1907.
The king left a smaller garrison in Anuradhapura and marched to meet Dappula with his army.
Until his accession, he was known as Crown Prince Charles Ndizeye.
His personal appearance was described by George Finlay as "extremely noble".
Following his death, the Shunga dynasty was then replaced by the subsequent Kanvas.
He was removed from office in September 2014.
Stephen's efforts to capture the two ports ended in failure.
This was with no doubt done with the knowledge of the Romans or even on their behalf.
Once in his post he offended the religious sensibilities of his subjects, leading to harsh criticism from Philo, and many decades later, Josephus.
Unsuspecting, the Illyrians relaxed their defenses and rushed themselves to emulate them, believing that men in front of them were just their own probes.
When his father died in 38 and his brother Vardanes I succeeded to the throne, Gotarzes II rebelled.
According to these accounts, including a widely recognized sixteenth century chronology written by Miguel Cabello Balboa, Viracocha Inka was a "warlike" and "valiant" prince.
Cleitus had captured and garrisoned the city of Pelion and waited for Glaucias' troops to arrive.
He was an ardent supporter of the Counter-Reformation, and assisted the Catholics in Jülich-Cleves-Berg and Baden.
After he secured his mother's inheritance almost two decades later, Alan became one of the most powerful magnates in the Scottish realm.
He was the son of Hormizd II.
He was stopped by thick rain forests from proceeding further into Congo.
Mutasiva was an early monarch of Sri Lanka of the Kingdom of Anuradhapura, based at the ancient capital of Anuradhapura from 367 BC to 307 BC.
Basarab became "disloyal to the Holy Crown of Hungary" in 1325.
Adad-šuma-iddina, inscribed mdIM-MU-SUM-na, and dated to around ca.
In 1389, he became Justiciar North of the Forth.
Publius Tullius Varro was a Roman general and senator during the reign of Hadrian.
Túpac Amaru became the Inca ruler after Titu Cusi's sudden death in 1571.
Assuming the reign at the age of 19, Yawar conquered Pillauya, Choyca, Yuco, Chillincay, Taocamarca and Cavinas.
Amda Seyon I was Emperor of Ethiopia, and a member of the Solomonic dynasty.
As British forces marched on Kabul, Sher Ali Khan decided to leave Kabul to seek political asylum in Russia.
The army of Yusuf Ali Kenadid conquered the local Hawiye clan and established Sultanate of Hobyo in 1870s.
The Emperor of Ethiopia Newaya Krestos made him Governor of Ifat after the death of his father.
On his death, Somerled's vast kingdom disintegrated, although his sons retained much of the southern Hebridean portion.
There are a number of Khans named Jani Beg in the history of the various descendants of Genghis Khan.
He justified his Iranian, Mamluk, and Ottoman campaigns as a re-imposition of legitimate Mongol control over lands taken by usurpers.
His coins are rather numerous and characteristic of the Kabul region, and have also been found in Buddhist stupas and monasteries in Taxila.
Later, however, Alexios III arranged for his new son-in-law to be ambushed and blinded, making him ineligible for the imperial throne.
Following the death of his father, he began to extend the influence of his Bulgars up the Volga river.
In foreign policy, he placed the interests of his country foremost, even entering into agreements with his former enemies.
Raja Raja Chola I was a renowned king who ruled over the Chola kingdom of southern India between 985 and 1014 CE.
An ethnic Pashtun from the Ghilji tribe, he succeeded to the throne after the death of his brother Mahmud Hotak in 1725.
Najm ud-din Ali Khan, better known as Najm-ud-Daulah, was the Nawab of Bengal, Bihar and Orissa from 1765 to 1766.
Bardylis II, also called Bardylis the Younger, was the son of Cleitus and grandson of Bardylis, both enemies of the Macedonian kingdom.
This plan fell through in 44 BC when he was assassinated.
Yaxun Bʻalam III was a high king of the Mayan city Yaxchilan from 631 until 681.
Sultan Muda was a nominal Sultan of Aceh in northern Sumatra.
Asen and Peter went to see the Byzantine Emperor, Isaac II Angelos, in Thrace in 1185, demanding an estate in the Balkan Mountains.
He took the ofo of Nnewi in 1924 after his father's death.
He became the fifth Emir of Afghanistan.
All Cilicia remained under Byzantine rule for eight years.
The sub king Aggabodhi waged war against Dappula with the help of the King and recovered his wife.
He also captured Amalfi in 838 by sea.
Leopold III of Lippe was the sovereign of the Principality of Lippe reigning from 1851 until his death.
Marduk-šāpik-zēri, inscribed in cuneiform dAMAR.UTU-DUB-NUMUN or phonetically -ša-pi-ik-ze-ri, and meaning “Marduk the outpourer of seed”, ca.
During his term, he restored the former Crusader castle of Gaza which had been in ruins as a result of the previous wars with the Crusaders.
Constans is a diminutive nickname given to the Emperor, who had been baptized Herakleios and reigned officially as Constantine.
Aonghus Óg Mac Domhnaill was a fourteenth-century Scottish magnate and chief of Clann Domhnaill.
This is the first report of Dál Riata since around 741.
The only information available about Phelles comes from Josephus’s citation of the Phoenician author Menander of Ephesus, in Against Apion i.18.
They are bearded people, very beautiful and white.
Within the island, he consecrated religious monuments, built hospitals, social welfare units, canals and large reservoirs, such as the Sea of Parakrama.
He succeeded his father, Baber Ali Khan after his death on 28 April 1810.
Nader idolized Genghis Khan and Timur, the previous conquerors from Central Asia.
He is listed in a number of genealogical lists.
His term ended in late 1309-early 1310 with the accession of al-Muzaffar Baybars to the sultanate after quietly ousting an-Nasir Muhammad.
According to ibn al-Athir, al-Fadhl led an expedition against the Khazars around 1030.
He began to search allies against Bolesław.
Iona's oldest surviving building, St Oran's Chapel, dates to the mid-12th century, and may have been built by Somerled or his family.
He was killed by decapitation on 2 January 1529 near Râmnicu Vâlcea, at Cetățuia Church.
Upon the death of Tridu Songtsen that year, Khri ma lod ruled as regent again for his half-brother.
This 13th-century sovereign was named after the 9th-century Emperor Nimmyō and go-, translates literally as "later;" and thus, he could be called the "Later Emperor Fukakusa".
Sultan Mohammed Öz Beg, better known as Uzbeg or Ozbeg, was the longest-reigning khan of the Golden Horde, under whose rule the state reached its zenith.
In a second battle near Salé in Jandaq al-Rayhan, Abu Marwan Abd al-Malik I also defeated his nephew.
He did so, executing the conspirators, but within two years also conquered the region and incorporated it into his domain.
In 70, he besieged and captured Jerusalem, and destroyed the city and the Second Temple.
He succeeded his brother Bhatika Tissa as King of Anuradhapura and was succeeded by his son Cula Naga.
Kōkaku's reign spanned the years from 1780 through 1817.
The consulship, according to the traditional historiography, was at this time reserved strictly for patricians.
Muhammad died in September 1041 after having carving out a powerful kingdom which included western Persia and Jibal.
After his death his eldest son Xerxes became king of Commagene, Sophene and Armenia.
Yuri I Vladimirovich, known under his soubriquet Yuri Dolgorukiy, was a Rurikid prince and founder of the city of Moscow.
It is thought that it was king Merneferre Ay, as her scarabs are similar in style to that of this king.
Timur also decisively defeated the Christian Knights Hospitaller at the Siege of Smyrna, styling himself a ghazi.
He may have named Huáscar's half-brother Atahualpa who then refused, or named Huáscar himself, or perhaps even the nobles put forward Huáscar.
With the coming of a young and weak ruler, the party factions and struggle for supremacy was at its zenith.
An alliance of Basmyls, Uigurs, and Karluks overthrew the Ashina dynastic tribe and in the spring of 745 killed the last Ozmish Qaghan.
When Totila left to fight the Byzantines in Lucania, south of Naples, Belisarius retook Rome and rebuilt its fortifications.
When the British returned after the end of World War II, they declined to recognise Sultan Ali.
Musa ibn Faris al-Mutawakkil had replaced the Sultan Abul Abbas Ahmad Mustanzir in 1384.
The demand was met, and Zoe was brought back as joint-ruler with her sister Theodora.
He was the son of Ahmad ibn Asad and a descendant of Saman Khuda, the founder of the Samanid dynasty who renounced Zoroastrianism and embraced Islam.
He has been compared to the Emperor Ashoka by the English statesman Lord Samuel.
Eager to restore his empire to its past glories as the superpower of the Mediterranean world, Manuel pursued an energetic and ambitious foreign policy.
Muhammad al-Nasir was the fourth Almohad caliph from 1199 until his death.
According to Thiele's chronology, when Asa became very ill, he made Jehoshaphat coregent.
According to traditional sources, Alagkkonara defeated Jeyaveera's naval and land forces and assumed royal power in the southern Gampola Kingdom.
Anthimachus I Theos was one of the Greco-Bactrian kings, generally dated from around 185 BC to 170 BC.
He was the focus of a military revolt and was eventually dethroned by his brother, the senior emperor Constantine IV.
Despite Mongol support to Halych-Volhynia, Traidenis was successful in battle and his control over Black Ruthenia was strengthened.
He defeated large Mongol armies and then launched punitive expeditions against them in Central Asia, around modern-day Afghanistan.
Æthelred's nickname, "the Unready" renders Old English unræd "bad counsel, folly", more accurately rendered "the Rede-less".
Theodahad, also known as Thiudahad was the King of the Ostrogoths from 534 to 536 and a nephew of Theodoric the Great through his sister Amalafrida.
He also ordered standardisation of measurement methods, imperial examination reforms and promote the use of chữ Nôm as official writing system instead of chữ Hán.
Alaric I – 410 AD) was the first King of the Visigoths from 395–410, son of chieftain Rothestes.
Khalilullah II was the 41st Shirvanshah, governing Shirvan under Safavid suzerainty between 1523—1535.
He was the nephew and successor of Mu'izz al-Din Muhammad.
Amanitore was among the last great Kush builders.
Dhatusena made eighteen irrigation tanks, a large irrigation canal known as Yodha Ela, and the Avukana statue, a large statue of Lord Buddha.
Titus Herminius, surnamed Aquilinus, was one of the heroes of the Roman Republic.
Tochihuitzin, son of Itzcoatl, was ruler of Teotlatzinco.
He later left with his family to Maldives on January 18, 1960.
Although Rædwald is usually considered to have been buried with the ship, another possibility is Eorpwald.
He overthrew his uncle Abu Ali ibn Muhammad in 1035, and ascended the Ghurid throne.
Xerxes II was apparently only recognized as king in Persia and Sogdianus in Elam.
Leo’s death on 8 September 780 resulted in the accession of his wife, Irene, to the throne.
The unions seem to reveal that Óláfr shifted from an alliance with Orkney to that with Galloway.
Their son, Yaxun B'alam IV - "Bird Jaguar", succeeded has father as king.
He had a total of 19 children, all male.
Óláfr is recorded to have had at least two wives: Ingibjǫrg, daughter of Hákon Pálsson, Earl of Orkney; and Affraic, daughter of Fergus, Lord of Galloway.
People who had sided with the Danes in 1014 were punished, and some were killed.
Yashwant Rao Holkar won the title of "Maharajadhiraj Raj Rajeshwar Alija Bahadur" as a token of admiration by Mughal Emperor Shah Alam for his bravery.
William Henry Clarence was King, or Hereditary Chief, of the Miskito.
The inhabitants of Huitzilopochco are said to have been cannibals prior to the imposition of Aztec government.
Ali ibn Faramurz, was the Kakuyid Emir of Yazd and Abarkuh.
Dan Fodio's uprising was a major episode of a movement described as the Fulani hegemonies in the seventeenth, eighteenth, and nineteenth centuries.
Yazid slipped into Damascus and deposed Walid in a coup, following this up with a disbursement of funds from the treasury.
There, in 985, Seljuk converted to Islam.
He was the twenty third Kabaka of Buganda.
Kanishka II was one of the emperors of the Kushan Empire from around 225–245 CE.
Titu Cusi suspected that Sayri Túpac had been poisoned by the Spanish.
Domestically, he supported and strengthened the resumption of official iconoclasm, which had begun again under Leo V.
The Semigallians were unable to resist such a force and Nameisis signed a new peace treaty with the Livonian Order.
Darubhatika Tissa was King of Anuradhapura in the 1st century BC, whose reign lasted the year 47 BC.
If Queen Pelkha was his wife, he would also be the father of King Nastasen.
Akhraten took on at least some titles based on those used by the Egyptian Pharaohs.Horus name: Kanakht Tjema NeditefPrenomen: NeferibreNomen: Akhraten
Betanzos outlines how Huáscar would seize his lords' wives if they took his fancy.
He is credited with founding the Neo-Babylonian Empire.
He ruled much of Northern India for six years, from 1290 to 1296.
Demetrios Palaiologos or Demetrius Palaeologus was a Byzantine prince and Despot.
He supported Otto of the House of Welf as Holy Roman Emperor and was excommunicated in 1212 by Innocent III.
Trisong Detsen is said to have had four sons.
However, Traidenis died soon afterwards, and assistance to Semigalians, exhausted by constant warfare, diminished.
His genealogy was traced through Aristodemus, Aristomachus, Cleodaeus and Hyllus all the way to Heracles, and he belongs to mythology rather than to history.
He was the ruler of Digamadulla, the present day eastern province of Sri Lanka.
The young khan was succeeded by his eldest half-brother Molon Khan Tögüs Mengke.
He is the son of the last ruler of the princely state of Bharatpur.
He was the son of Emperor Manuel I Komnenos and Maria, daughter of Raymond of Poitiers, prince of Antioch.
He succeeded his Uncle Parakramabahu V as King of Gampola and was succeeded by his nephew Bhuvanaikabahu V.
He is considered to be first fully Persianized ruler of the dynasty, rejecting Arab roots and regarding himself as a descendant of the Sasanians.
The result of their marriage was the birth of his successor Cyrus the Great.
Stilicho's generalship helped preserve some level of stability, but with his execution in 408, the Western Roman Empire moved closer to collapse.
According to the Bible, he was an unprincipled, ambitious ruler, often engaged in war with his own subjects.
Ahmose was an Ancient Egyptian queen in the Eighteenth Dynasty.
He was the head of Bahindiro clan and father of Mutara II Rwogera.
Modern Filipino society regards him as the first Filipino hero because he was the first native to resist Spanish colonization.
With the conquest of the Jaffna kingdom and the end of the monarch Don Constantine was succeeded by Filipe de Oliveira, as Captain-major.
He is the fourth Kyabazinga of Busoga.
Religious, military, and cultural propaganda fostered a cult of personality, and by nominating himself perpetual censor, he sought to control public and private morals.
In 34 BC Antony planned a new invasion of Armenia.
She has her Ph.D in education from University of Wisconsin.
Raja Raja built the Brihadeeswarar Temple in Thanjavur, one of the largest Hindu temples.
Each of these rulers was said to be a hereditary position.
He is the only ruler of Trebizond who was not a blood relative of the founder of that state, Alexios I Megas Komnenos.
As Songtsen Gampo's only son had died early, he was succeeded by his infant grandson Mangsong Mangsten.
Maharaja Shri Dodda Krishnaraja Wodeyar I was the wodeyar ruler of Mysore, a petty kingdom in southern India.
He was the father of Pygmalion, king of Tyre from 831 to 785 BC, and of Dido, the legendary queen of Carthage.
According to the charter, he was subject to Charles I of Hungary as the voivode of Wallachia.
In previous years, she was thought to be mother of Tutankhamun, but recent DNA evidence suggests this is unlikely.
It is possible that Radu Gioan Bey was his illegitimate son, however no documents reveal a legitimate heir.
Realizing the division in his realm he pursued a path of conciliation towards the iconodules, previously declared heretical under imperial policy.
Ahmad's predecessor Muhammad Abu Zayyan had ascended the throne as a minor in 1372 on the death of his father, Abu Faris Abd al-Aziz.
Euphemia, whose original name was Lupicina, was the consort of Justin I, who ruled the Byzantine Empire from 517 to 527.
He is principally remembered for his military campaigns against Babylon and Judah, and for his building programs – most notably at the Akkadian capital of Nineveh.
Lanja Tissa, also known as Lamani Tiss, was an early monarch of Sri Lanka of the Anuradhapura Kingdom from 119 BC to 109 BC.
In addition, Askia established standardized trade measures and regulations, initiated the policing of trade routes and also established an organized tax system.
Yahya III ibn al-Qasim was the eighth Idrisid ruler and sultan of Morocco.
In 1765 after the victory in the Battle of Buxar the British had formally gained Dewani of Bengal, Bihar and Orissa from Shah Alam II.
He also confiscated certain sacred treasures that had been passed down the line in Izumo.
The reservoir has a capacity of 336 million cubic feet and a surface area of 1,230 acres.
Backed by their father, Boleslaw and his half-brother Zbigniew finally expelled Sieciech from the country in 1101, after several years of fighting.
Vasabha was a monarch of the Anuradhapura period of Sri Lanka.
He was ally of Russian Grand Prince Yuri II and of Cuman Khan Köten against the Volga Bulgars and Erzyas in the 1220s.
Alexander I, posthumously nicknamed The Fierce, was the King of Scotland from 1107 to his death.
Artas made the Messapian state into a major military and political centre in the affairs of Magna Graecia.
Caracalla is presented in ancient sources as a tyrant and cruel leader, an image that has survived into modernity.
For this, he was deposed and forced by officials to commit suicide.
On the meanwhile, Glaucias and Cleitus would join forces and meet Alexander at the city of Pelion in the south.
Rajendravarman II was succeeded by his 10-year-old son, who reigned as Jayavarman V.
Haidar Qassāb was the head of the Sarbadars of Sabzewar During 1356.
Batu was a son of Jochi and grandson of Genghis Khan.
While Morocco was at peace, Abu Abbas reconquered Tlemcen and Algiers.
According to the historian Chimalpain, Acolnahuacatl ruled from 1302 to 1366 and Tezozomoc from 1367 to 1426.
By 616 BC, Nabopolassar had united the entire area under his rule.
She is shown on a statue of Ramesses III in the Mut temple at Karnak.
He was father of his successor Sihyaj Chan K'awiil I and husband of Lady Skull.
His nephew, Yuva Raja prince Aggabodhi, was in the capital at the time of his death and succeeded Mahinda as King Aggabodhi VI.
The situation for the Franks in Greece was hopeless by this time, however.
Dromichaetes was king of the Getae on both sides of the lower Danube around 300 BC.
Some contemporary historians placed Acolnahuacatl's death and Tezozómoc's rise in 1371.
When Hyder Ali of the Kingdom of Mysore occupied Malabar in 1773 the Raja of Kottayam found political asylum in Travancore.
Krum was the Khan of Bulgaria from sometime after 796 but before 803 until his death in 814.
She was the daughter of Sultan Mohamed I of the Maldives and succeeded to the throne after his death.
Born to a royal bloodline, he grew up at a time when, part of the country was occupied by invaders from the Chola Kingdom of Tamilakam.
He led a short and weak rule before being supplanted by his ambitious younger brother Alauddin al-Kahar.
Xerxes apparently succeeded to the throne but two of his illegitimate brothers claimed the throne for themselves.
Raja Awadhesh Singh Memorial Educational Society is named after him, its vice-president is his grand daughter Rajkumari Ratna Singh.
Agrippa Menenius Lanatus, sometimes called Menenius Agrippa, was a consul of the Roman Republic in 503 BC, with Publius Postumius Tubertus.
Abbas was sent to join his father in prison in Sabzevar, Khorasan.
He was defeated in war by Vikramabâhu I.
At a young age, Ghica was involded in trading and dealings with merchandise.
Jewel K'awiil, was an ajaw of the Maya city of Tikal.
His reign was from the early 1960s to 2006.
Attalus I, surnamed Soter ruled Pergamon, an Ionian Greek polis, first as dynast, later as king, from 241 BC to 197 BC.
Ulugh Muhammad attempted an invasion of his territory in 1430, but was unable to defeat Berdi and retreated following the death of Vytautas, his main supporter.
Theodosius was the last emperor to rule over both the eastern and the western halves of the Roman Empire.
Trajan reduced the Dacian capital Sarmizegetusa in 106 AD to ruins, absorbing some of Dacia into the Empire.
His coins are almost similar to those of his father.
He succeeded his father Ilanaga as King of Anuradhapura and was succeeded by his brother Yassalalaka.
He was deposed by General Ayasmantha and succeeded by Kalyanavati.
His official title was General Tchermoeff, Prime Minister of the Mountainous Republic of the Northern Caucasus.
Muhammad Said khan and Aghasi khan started diarchy in Shirvan.
After independence, the Gakhars tribe became part of Pakistan.
General Ture defeated Baru and ascended to the throne in 1493.
In Meroitic cursive she is referred to as Amaniskheto qor kd(ke) which means Amanishakheto, Qore and Kandake.
Sujin is responsible for setting up the Ise Shrine or the Saikū associated with it to enshrine Amaterasu.
He reigned from 1163 until 1184 in Marrakech.
Ælfwald was an 8th-century king of East Anglia, an Anglo-Saxon kingdom that today includes the English counties of Norfolk and Suffolk.
He organized a cavalry of 1000 brown horses, which frightened the king's enemies with their appearance.
Basil II was a Byzantine Emperor from the Macedonian dynasty who reigned from 10 January 976 to 15 December 1025.
Swami Vivekananda went to Khetri and met Ajit Singh thrice in his lifetime— in 1891, 1893 and 1897.
He was the twenty-sixth Kabaka of Buganda.
This led to an uprising of Leo’s five half-brothers, including Caesar Nikephoros, who had hoped to gain the throne themselves.
For most of his life he ruled together with Johan I of East Frisia, who remained Catholic, while Enno was Lutheran.
He was known as one of the richest men in the world during his reign.
Some historians consider Nepos to be the last Western Roman Emperor, while others consider the western line to have ended with Romulus Augustulus in 476.
He succeeded his uncle, Hisham ibn Abd al-Malik.
Kigeli II Nyamuheshera was buried at Burenga near Shayo in Byumba.
He 1538 helped Shahrukh of Shirvan against Safavids but without success he retreated to Shaki.
Mohammad Ali Mirza Dowlatshah was a famous Persian Prince of the Qajar Dynasty.
A usurper, Ur-Ninurta seized the throne on the fall of Lipit-Ištar and held it until his violent death some 28 years later.
Upon finishing his studies, he returned home to Gurin and learned of the jihad declared by Fulani mystic Usman dan Fodio.
In 1819, Hari Rao was involved in a power struggle with members of the royal family and was imprisoned at Maheshwar for leading an insurrection.
Aggabodhi IX was King of Anuradhapura in the 9th century, whose reign lasted from 843 to 846.
He was the son of Muhammad bin Musafir, the ruler of Tarum.
Vladimir was acknowledged as a pious, just, and peaceful ruler.
Unlike his father and brother, Thoros survived his incarceration in Constantinople and was able to escape in 1143.
Lone Horn's sons were Spotted Elk and Touch the Clouds, and Crazy Horse was his nephew.
He was also known as Ruler III, Lord Water and Lord Muluc and reigned AD 553-593>.
Due to his significance as one of the most potent symbols of Sinhalese historical power, Dutugemunu's story is swathed in myth and legend.
Her unusual name suggests that she may originally have been a Mitanni princess.
According to the treaty, the Semigallians were forced to pay a tribute and accept German judges but kept their castles and lands.
He was the first Maharaja of Kolhapur to be adopted from the Puar dynasty.
In 1531 a group of his brothers plotted against him and killed him.
Muhammad ibn Badlay was a Sultan of the Sultanate of Adal.
However, he managed to restore peace, and strengthen his kingdom.
The name is often Latinized as Zoilus.
His empire is thought to have included most of Mesopotamia, parts of the Levant, besides incursions into Hurrite and Elamite territory, ruling from his capital, Akkad.
From her time on, the position of God's Wife became more and more influential, reaching the peak of its power during the Third Intermediate Period.
His nicknames were Jaguar Mirror and Waterlily-Jaguar.
Eze Ugbonyamba was crowned the King of Nnewi and he took the ofo of Nnewi after his fathers death in 1904.
In Phnom Penh, the king ordered the land to be built up to protect it from flooding, and a palace to be built.
Ashraf also participated in the Battle of Gulnabad.
An ethnic Pashtun, he was the 11th son of Sardar Payendah Khan who was killed in 1799 by Zaman Shah Durrani.
Soon after his conversion he was killed by Ricberht, a pagan noble, who may have succeeded him and ruled for three years.
Ali ibn Muhammad ibn Idris was the fourth Idrisid sultan of Morocco.
However, if the West Saxon kingdom did fragment following Cenwalh's death, it appears that it was reunited during Centwine's reign.
No information is provided about his mother, who conceivably could have acted as regent, nor even if there was a regency.
The British eventually overran the Dutch forces at Chinsura and played a major role in replacing Mir Jafar with Mir Qasim.
During this period, Sultan Alaudin has been facing problems with the mamak people, who were beginning to grow in power in comparison to Malays.
Haji Ismaeil Khan Bayat was the fifth khan of the Maku Khanate from 1866 to 1899.
Growing weaker, in 49 BC Zhizhi began moving west in the hope of reconstituting his empire.
He was the son of Shapur II and had succeeded his uncle Ardashir II.
Through Antony, he was a distant cousin to Roman Client King Ptolemy of Mauretania and the princesses named Drusilla of Mauretania.
Constans II, the son of Constantine III, became sole emperor.
However, they did not have the prestige or strength of their ancestors.
Sextus Julius Major was a Roman senator, whose origins were with the "high aristocracy" of Asia.
Jovan Vladimir or John Vladimir was the ruler of Duklja, the most powerful Serbian principality of the time, from around 1000 to 1016.
Nader Khan, who was the real ruler of the country, assumed the positions of deputy of state and viceroy.
Bircenna had a son named Helenus, who at an early age accompanied his father in his ambitious campaigns conducted in the Italian peninsula.
Abu Yusuf Yaqub ibn Abd al-Haqq was a Marinid ruler of Morocco.
Shah Zaman Durrani,, was ruler of the Durrani Empire from 1793 until 1800.
Phocas was Byzantine Emperor from 602 to 610.
Sultan Jauhar ul-Alam Amauddin Syah was the twenty-first sultan of Aceh.
That which is about the mouth of the Indus and the Canthicolpus bay is called Syrastrena.
Before ascending the throne Artaxerxes was a satrap and commander of his father's army.
The Yuezhi were about to kill Modu when he managed to steal a horse and escape back to the Xiongnu.
Zhu was the seventh ruler of the semi-legendary Xia dynasty who took the throne in the year of ji si and lived in Yuan.
He was the admiration of warriors, and the fear of foreigners or infidels, so that they called him the new Ashtahag.
He died as a monk on 24 August 1042.
He was converted to Christianity from Zoroastrianism by Catholicos Viro.
When the American Civil War brought a cotton famine, the export of Egyptian cotton surged during Sa'id's rule to become the main source for European mills.
He was succeeded by his son, Mansur, who managed to retain the throne until deposed in 1015/16.
Genesis describes Tidal was one of the four kings that fought Abraham in the Battle of Siddim.
He was a member of the ruling Wuffingas dynasty, but his relationship with other known members of the dynasty is not known with any certainty.
However, the Marinid ruler changed his mind eventually, spurring the Ziyyanid Abu Yahya Yaghmurasin ibn Zayyan to attack Marrakech.
His death was welcomed in Babylon as divine punishment for the destruction of that city.
Late in 1247, however, Haraldr returned to Norway and married Hákon's daughter, Cecilía, and thereby bound himself closer to the Norwegian Crown.
The 14th-century Muslim historian Ibn Khaldun stated that "`Abd al-Malik ibn Marwan is one of the greatest Arab and Muslim Caliphs.
He was the son of Emperor Manuel III and Gulkhan-Eudokia of Georgia.
The Byzantines also regained the True Cross, which Khosrow had captured following his conquest of the Levant during the same 602–628 war.
Hidarnes established the "Yervandakan" feast in the name of the Orontid Dynasty, which sounds in Armenian as "Yervanduni".
By 1423 the regent Abu Zakariya al-Wattasi had emerged the effective ruler of the state.
Sultanah Kalsom married Sultan Ahmad Shah on 14 March 1991.
After the death of Mahendravarman, his son Īśānavarman had taken the control of the kingdom, where his father ruled for several years.
He was the 4th Kabaka of Buganda.
He was the son of Eurysthenes, first monarch of this dynasty, which ruled the city along with the Eurypontids.
Florianus, also known as Florian, was Roman Emperor for a few months in 276.
No firm dates can be assigned to this emperor's life or reign; he is conventionally considered to have reigned from 157 BC to 98 BC.
His brother was the Serbian King Marko, who ruled the region of Macedonia from 1371 to 1395.
Several scholars believe he is identical to Coson, a Dacian king whose name appears on many gold Staters found in Transylvania.
He eventually abdicated his power to Ecgric and retired to his monastery at Beodricesworth.
"Eormenred" is a name of Frankish origin, as is that of his brother, Eorcenberht.
Parakramabahu VIII was King of Kotte in the fifteenth century, who ruled from 1484 to 1518.
He succeeded his brother Sena II as King of Anuradhapura and was succeeded by his nephew Kassapa IV.
She was co-empress with her sister Zoë for two months in 1042 and sole empress regnant from 11 January 1055 to 31 August 1056.
Lone Horn died near Bear Butte in 1877 from old age.
Herennius died in battle, struck by an enemy arrow.
His name means "Golden Khan" in the Mongolian language.
By the 1st century BC, the Dacians had become the dominant tribe.
He lived a lavish lifestyle and spent treasury money on hunting and palaces such as Sariska Palace.
He also ruled over some Caucasian lands and occupied Basra for some years.
Antialcidas Nikephoros was a Greek king of the Indo-Greek Kingdom, king of the Eucratid Dynasty, who reigned from his capital at Taxila.
Anthemius was Western Roman Emperor from 467 to 472.
23rd Ruler was an ajaw of the Maya city of Tikal.
He then ruled from 1839 until his death in 1842.
Chao Maha Oupahat Bounkhong was the father of Phetsarath, Souvanna Phouma, Souphanouvong and Souvannarath.
Modern works continue to portray Caracalla as a psychopathic and evil ruler.
Sultan Alauddin Ahmad Syah was the twenty-third sultan of Aceh in northern Sumatra.
His mother and grandmother were the begums of Oudh.
The son of Prince Lazar Hrebeljanović, he was regarded as one of the finest knights and military leaders in Europe.
Unen Bahlam was queen of the Maya city-state of Tikal.
Artavasdos or Artabasdos, Latinized as Artabasdus, was a Byzantine general of Armenian descent who seized the throne from June 741 or 742 until November 743.
Boril was emperor of Bulgaria from 1207 to 1218.
704 whilst in exile among the Khazars.
Rajasingha requested Dutch aid to help expel the Portuguese from the island, which they successfully did in 1656.
He was the son of Iyasu III.
Amanirenas was a queen of the Meroitic Kingdom of Kush.
Al-Malik as-Salih Najm al-Din Ayyub, nickname: Abu al-Futuh, also known as al-Malik al-Salih, was the Kurdish Ayyubid ruler of Egypt from 1240 to 1249.
His hobbies included the love for music, especially instruments like the piano and Oud.
Jaya-Chandra was an Indian king from the Gahadavala dynasty.
In some records, he is also identified as Dasenkeli.
Emperor Ankō was the 20th emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.
In humans these sensory structures are part of the facial skeleton.
Konoe's reign spanned the years from 1142 through 1155.
Hydarnes then served Darius I as a commander and remained influential during his reign.
According to Herodotus, however, the first king was Perdiccas I. Caranus is first reported by Theopompus and is the mythical founder of the Argead dynasty.
In 206 BC, Philip continued the war between Longarus in order to drive them from the Dardanian-occupied areas.
He was the fifteenth son of his father and the only son of his mother.
In 1045, he erected the Alsterburg in Hamburg.
The limited size of his coinage indicates a short reign.
In 1443, he deserted the Ottomans during the Battle of Niš and became the ruler of Krujë, Svetigrad, and Modrič.
He also asserted Jochid dominance over the Chagatai Khanate, attempting to unite the three khanates of the Mongol Empire.
Fāṭimah al-Kubrá binṫ Al-Ḥusayn was the daughter of the Islamic Imam Husayn ibn Ali.
He was proclaimed co-emperor in his youth, before 1313, and in April 1321 he rebelled in opposition to his grandfather, Andronikos II Palaiologos.
This incident was also mentioned by his poet Jayram Pindye in his book Radhav Vilas Champu.
Sultan Zainul Abidin was the seventh sultan of Aceh in northern Sumatra.
David I or Dauíd mac Maíl Choluim was a 12th-century ruler who was Prince of the Cumbrians and later King of the Scots.
Eucratides I, sometimes called Eucratides the Great, was one of the most important Greco-Bactrian kings, descendants of dignitaries of Alexander the Great.
Wat Manorom, Wat Oubôsôt, and Wat Xiang Kham were built in Samsenethai's reign.
On 7 June 1887 the Lao royal capital was seized and sacked; the elderly ruler barely escaped with his life.
It occurred in about 551 BC, and he is reported to have received an honorable burial.
Another possibility is that Talakhmani is Malewiebamani's son  and thus possibly Nasakhma's grandson.
In 1366 Sultan Abu Zayyan tried to remove his vizier Umar bin Abdulla al-Yabani from office, and was killed in response.
The Roman Catholic Church and the Eastern Orthodox Church subsequently recognized her as a saint.
He has been historically referenced as Vlad Înecatul ["Vlad the Drowned"], as a description of the manner of his death.
He was born in 951 in Ghent and because of this he is also known as Arnulf of Ghent.
He then appears to have returned only a year or two later and established himself in the region again in some capacity.
Áed in Macáem Tóinlesc or Aodh an Macaoimh Tóinleasg was a 12th-century ruler of Tulach Óc and Tír Eogain.
According to ancient sources, Bardylis lived to over 90 years implying that he died around 358 BC.
Irene Palaiologina, was Empress of Trebizond from April 6, 1340 to July 17, 1341.
The British Government remained neutral regarding these succession struggles.
In 1035 Isma'il's brother Harun was assassinated by his guards at the instigation of the Ghaznavid sultan Mas'ud I of Ghazni.
At the time Manuel reigned, the Empire of Trebizond comprised a band of territory stretching along the southern coast of the Black Sea.
Jalaluddin Firuz Khilji was the first sultan of the Khilji dynasty, who reigned from 1290 to 1296.
He was the youngest son of Yohannes II and Woizoro Sancheviyer, and the brother of Tekle Haymanot II.
She was succeeded by Akinidad who continued the campaign with his mother Amanirenas.
Mac Lochlainn's allies abandoned him almost at once, and he was reduced to a handful of followers.
With his new combined military force, Modu was able to establish the Xiongnu empire.
She was a sister of Busir, Khagan of Khazars, but their relation to other Khazar rulers such as Bihar, father of future Empress Tzitzak, is unknown.
In 401 Alaric invaded Italy, but he was defeated by Stilicho at Pollentia on April 6, 402.
His coins have been found both in eastern Punjab and Afghanistan, indicating that he ruled a considerable territory.
Le Susuga Malietoa Talavou Tonumaipe’a was installed as "King" of Samoa to the western world on August 28, 1879 until his death on November 9, 1880.
Peksater was a Nubian queen dated to the Twenty-fifth Dynasty of Egypt.
In 1891, Jaja was granted permission to return to Opobo, but died en route, allegedly poisoned with a cup of tea.
He was the oldest son of Vlad II Dracul and brother of Vlad Țepeș and Radu the Handsome.
A coinage commemorating Edmund was minted from around the time East Anglia was absorbed by the kingdom of Wessex and a popular cult emerged.
All of this set the stage for Vlad Călugărul to rule.
The brother of Abū Saʿīd Hasan ibn Bahrām al-Jannābī, the founder of the Qarmatian state, Abū Tāhir became leader of the state in 923.
Atahualpa became Inca emperor after he defeated and imprisoned Huáscar and massacred any pretenders to the throne at the close of the civil war.
Strez took possession of the land between the rivers Struma and Vardar with the support of Stefan Nemanjić of Serbia.
Sadeq Khan Zand, also known as Mohammad Sadeq, was the fifth Shah of the Zand dynasty from August 22, 1779 until March 14, 1781.
He succeeded Bhuvanaikabahu III as King of Dambadeniya and was succeeded by Bhuvanaikabahu IV, King of Gampola.
As King of the Isles, Óláfr contracted marital alliances with neighbouring maritime rulers.
He is the son of the late King Mxolisi Sandile Aa!
He succeeded Kuda Tissa as King of Anuradhapura and was succeeded by Vatuka.
Rædwald and his son Eorpwald both ruled as pagans before being converted to Christianity.
He facilitated the fall of the Neo-Assyrian Empire, and according to Herodotus repelled the Scythians from Media.
Sekgoma II was the king of the Bamangwato people of Bechuanaland in modern-day Botswana.
After the death of his brother, Domitian was declared emperor by the Praetorian Guard.
In 217 BC Scerdilaidas later adopted Roman rule and became an enemy of Macedonia for parleying with Rome.
Caracalla, formally Marcus Aurelius Severus Antoninus Augustus, was Roman emperor from AD 198 to 217.
Many details of his life are uncertain.
This is a name that implies aggressiveness and determination.
He reigned from 1793 until 1810, when he died on 28 April 1810.
He was a vassal of the Bulgarian Emperor Ivan Alexander.
He was the first Rwandan king to be baptised, and Roman Catholicism took hold in Rwanda during his reign.
Antigonus III Doson was king of Macedon from 229 BC to 221 BC.
Ibn Tashfin came to al-Andalus from Africa to help the Muslims fight against Alfonso VI, eventually achieving victory and promoting an Islamic system in the region.
A well-known Somali imperial ruling house, Gerad Dhidhin's dynasty governed much of northeastern and some parts of southeastern Somalia, such as Kismayo.
He succeeded his father Constantine VII in 959 at the age of twenty-one and died suddenly in 963.
Gofraid can be Anglicised as Godfrey or Geoffrey.
It is to be noted that there are few English language sources to fully explain who he was, when he was born or died.
He was preceded by his father in law, Gajabahu I and succeeded by his son, Bhatika Tissa.
The Northumbrians were victorious and many of the Mercians and their allies were killed or drowned.
He was the husband of Sophia, nephew of Justinian I and the Empress Theodora, and was therefore a member of the Justinian Dynasty.
Mayilvagana Pulavar, the author of Yalpana Vaipava Malai, described the event;
He was born on 3 January 1753 and was one of the earliest freedom fighters in India.
However, it was a pyrrhic victory and the number of killed was about the same on both sides.
It seems there was a struggle for the succession after the death of Trisong Detsen.
He was noted by Ibn Battuta in his well-known travelogue as well as he has left behind a few inscriptions.
These epithets included Θεὸς Ἐπιφανής "manifest god", and, after his defeat of Egypt, Νικηφόρος "bringer of victory".
Eventually, however, Charles prevailed and compelled the Frisians to submit.
Some scholars believe his name is a Christian name.
Menander was also a patron of Buddhism, and his conversations with the Buddhist sage Nagasena are recorded in the important Buddhist work, the Milinda Panha.
Umadevi was one of the wives of King Veera Ballala II and a Mysore general during the Chalukya campaigns.
At the end of his reign, Leo reversed his stance of toleration.
Maniakes was promptly sent back to Southern Italy in order to contain the advance of the Normans.
Prior to becoming King of Persia, he held the title of Great King of Armenia.
In 1049, a revolt in Ganja overthrew his infant great-great-nephew, Anurshirvan.
Formerly allied to Charlemagne, the Sorbs ended their vassalage to the Franks and rebelled, invading Austrasia.
Lady of Tikal also known as Woman of Tikal, was an Queen of the Maya city of Tikal.
Although Odoacer was an Arian Christian, he rarely intervened in the affairs of the orthodox and trinitarian state church of the Roman Empire.
The king became a client king to Pyrrhus since Pyrrhus' power and hatred of Macedon made him an attractive ally to Bardylis II.
Amanullah Khan Afshar was the fourth khan of the Zanjan Khanate from 1797 to 1810.
Basarab came into power before 1324, but the circumstances of his ascension are unknown.
After negotiations escalated, around 1568, Titi Cusi was baptized into the Roman Catholic Church, as Diego de Castro.
A devastating outbreak of bubonic plague in the early 540s marked the end of an age of splendour.
He was the son of Ivan Asen II of Bulgaria and Irene Komnene Doukaina.
Two months later he ascended the throne under the title Jamal ul-Alam Badr ul-Munir.
Malcolm IV, nicknamed Virgo, "the Maiden", King of Scots, was the eldest son of Henry, Earl of Huntingdon and Northumbria and Ada de Warenne.
His relationships with his predecessor and successor are uncertain and his reign falls during a period of general decline in the fortunes of the dynasty.
Fasilides quickly recovered and sent for help to Qegnazmach Dimmo, governor of Semien, and his brother Gelawdewos, governor of Begemder.
He defeated the Queen's forces and took the Queen prisoner and crowned himself as King Mahinda II.
When Al-Afdal expelled all the ministers left by his father to support him, they came to Egypt, asking al-Aziz to reconquer Syria.
Bardylis II became Pyrrhus' father-in-law when his daughter Bircenna became one of the wives of Pyrrhus, proving his power in southern Illyria.
He succeeded Kittisiri Meghavanna as King of Anuradhapura and was succeeded by his brother Aggabodhi I.
Ragnall mac Torcaill was a twelfth-century Norse-Gaelic magnate who may have been King of Dublin.
Thenceforwards he was called Jasagtu, who made peace with the Right Wing Tumens and gave their leaders official titles.
Al-Afdal was exiled to Salkhad, while al-Aziz was proclaimed supreme overlord of the Ayyubid empire.
Presian II was emperor of Bulgaria for a short time in 1018.
Jasaw Chan K'awiil I also known as Ruler A, Ah Cacao and Sky Rain,, was an ajaw of the Maya city of Tikal.
He was born in 1468  and his brothers were Mayadunne of Sitawaka and Rayigam Bandara.
In 1665, he ordered the "Books of the Franks"—the remaining religious writings of the Catholics—burnt.
The same story is also mentioned in the Book of Jubilees, where Arioch is called "king of Sellasar".
Xochitl threatened to leave in 846 but Tecpancaltzin managed to keep her there by promising Maeconetzin would be the next Tlatoani.
Emperor Sukō was the third of Emperors of Northern Court during the Period of the Northern and Southern Courts in Japan.
He reigned from 1920 to 1959 and witnessed most of the colonial constitutional reforms initiated after the founding of Nigeria in 1914.
The Emperor supported Dirk by giving him the right to levy tolls on Flemish traders in Geervliet.
Sir Jai Singh initially was noted as brilliant, erudite and charming, however was later forced into exile.
Bhatikabhaya Abhaya was King of Anuradhapura in the 1st century BC, whose reign lasted from 20 BC to 9 AD.
Philippikos or Philippicus was Emperor of the Byzantine Empire from 711 to 713.
He was followed by another visitor, alleged to be a "prince" of the same group.
In their place, al-Said promoted his own mamluks.
King Sena II secured the country against another Tamil invasion.
He died sometime around 1009 and was succeeded by his brother, Abu al-Abbas Ma'mun.
Zechariah was a king of the northern Israelite Kingdom of Israel, and son of Jeroboam II.
Abdul Samad was born in 1804 at Bukit Melawati in Selangor to Tengku Abdullah ibni Almarhum Sultan Ibrahim Shah, younger brother of Sultan Muhammad Shah.
Throughout his reign of sixteen years, Ali struggled desperately both against the Mughals and the Marathas.
The written sources do not contain any information of this monarch, but there are some golden coins found with the words “Audulfus” and “Frisia” on them.
Atahualpa inherited the Kingdom of Quito from his father the Sapa Inca Huayna Capac in 1525.
He was succeeded by his son Laoshang Chanyu.
Kabungsuwan traded in T'buk Malabang, Lanao, married to the native princess of Iranun.
However, this state continued an anti-Macedonian policy down to 335 BC when Glaucias and Cleitus rebelled against Alexander the Great.
John III Megas Komnenos or Grand Comnenus was emperor of Trebizond from September 4, 1342, to May 3, 1344.
He allied with the Egyptian Mamluks against another Mongol khanate based in Persia, the Ilkhanate.
This led to the destruction of the Ottoman Empire in the Battle of Ankara, which had threatened the existence of Manuel's domain.
Scerdilaidas was one of the youngest brothers of Agron and father of Pleuratus III and grandfather of Gentius.
Ismail I, also known as Shah Ismail I, was the founder of the Safavid dynasty of Iran, ruling from 1501 to 23 May 1524 as shah.
See the Hiram I article for details on the determination of this date.
Abandoned by his supporters and enemies alike, Alexios V was captured near Mosynopolis by the advancing Latins under Thierry de Loos in November 1204.
He was crowned as king in AD 578, 24 days after the death of Tzi-B'alam.
Mihirakula ruled his empire from 502 to 530.
In 1430, he moved his residence back to the old capital.
Following Raja Lumu, two other Bugis Chiefs settled in the Selangor area: Raja Tua in Klang and Daeng Kemboja in Linggi, south of Lukut.
Analmaye was a Kushite King of Meroe  who ruled in the 6th century BC.
Abū Tāhir Sulaymān al-Jannābī was the ruler of the Qarmatian state in Bahrain and Eastern Arabia, who in 930 led the sacking of Mecca.
José de Salamanca y Mayol, 1st Marquis of Salamanca and Grandee of Spain was a Spanish nobleman, politician and businessman.
In 1393 the Ottoman Turks seized the capital Tarnovo.
Her name is written in a cartouche along with the title Divine Adoratrix.
He succeeded his father Mahasena as King of Anuradhapura and was succeeded by his brother Jettha Tissa II.
He served as consular tribune in 426 BC, and was defeated in a battle against Veii.
As Fatahillah - so the story goes - he defeated the Portuguese at their base in Sunda Kelapa, and renamed it Jayakarta in 1527.
Viewing it from this perspective it would make sense, as his father Orontes III was of the Orontid family.
Attalus appointed him magister utriusque militiae but refused to allow him to send an army into Africa.
The Macedonians attacked Longarus with large forces.
However, not long after being present at the death of Crazy Horse, Touch the Clouds transferred with his band back to the Cheyenne River Agency.
Yazdegerd II, was the sixteenth Sasanian emperor of Iran.
He was appointed governor of Derbent several times during his father's reign.
Yōzei's reign spanned the years from 876 through 884.
Siaspiqa is known from a granite stela and a libation jar, which is now in the Meroe Museum in Khartoum.
He persecuted the traitors who he thought were responsible for the Mongol interference and even the Patriarch, Joachim III, was executed.
No prenomen is known, and his nomen is Talakhamani.
Sultan Ismail's descendants have since ruled Terengganu.
Yuhi IV Gahindiro was the King of Rwanda from 1746 to 1802.
The Byzantine army defeated the rebels, forcing Theodor-Peter and Asen to flee to the Cumans in April 1186.
Jani Beg commanded a massive Crimean Tatar force that attacked the Crimean port city of Kaffa in 1343.
Arghun died before Kökötchin arrived, so she instead married Arghun's son, Ghazan.
He was succeeded in the Uyghur Khaganate by his son Bogu Tekin
For the first time in the history of Delhi Sultanate, a situation was confronted wherein nobody was ready to accept the reigns of power.
He followed in the footsteps of `Umar ibn al-Khattab, the Commander of the Believers, in regulating state affairs".
He converted to Christianity and was baptised into the Orthodox faith under the name of Dmitry.
He was a popular king than his father due to his contribution on education, employment, etc.
Epulon was a king or tribal leader of Histria in northern Illyria.
Other inscriptions depict him as organizer of state religious ritual.
With Lithuanian support, he overthrew Khan Temur Qutlugh, and retook the throne of Sarai.
During his reign, relations with Britain were restored, and he allowed the East India Company to have a trading post in southern Iran.
He succeeded his brother Cula Naga as King of Anuradhapura and was succeeded by his brother-in-law Siri Naga I.
Since there is no mention of Nameisis after that, it is presumed that he was killed there.
Shivaji II or Shiva Rajaram was son of Maratha ruler Chhattrapati Rajaram and his wife Tarabai.
He refused to ascend the throne of his late father so long as the British are in charge."
But, all his plans and appeal went in vain as all the kings had already signed treaties with the British.
He was a warrior prince and de facto head of the kingdom of Kottayam or Cotiote in Malabar, India between 1774 and 1805.
In 602, a dissatisfied general named Phocas usurped the throne, having Maurice and his six sons executed.
Michael VII Doukas or Dukas/Ducas, nicknamed Parapinakēs, was Byzantine emperor from 1071 to 1078.
Najmuddin died soon afterwards, on May 8, 1766, apparently from a fever caught at a formal party given at Murshidabad fort in honour of Robert Clive.
He also inherited his throne via palace intrigues in which number of heir apparent’s died under mysterious circumstances.
Isetnofret was one of the Great Royal Wives of Pharaoh Ramesses II and was the mother of his heir, Merneptah.
His reign was characterized by an ebb and flow in hegemony over the religious centers of Nippur and Ur.
Mittasena had a reputation as a plunderer of crops from farmers.
Mittasena was King of Anuradhapura in the 5th century, whose reign lasted from 435 to 436.
Al-Harith arrived wearing a fine suit of armour the Khaqan had given him and gained the support of many people in Khurasan.
He succeeded his uncle Mahinda I as King of Anuradhapura and was succeeded by his cousin Aggabodhi VII.
He was an elder brother of the emperor Manuel I Komnenos, and had a twin sister, Maria Komnene.
From the time of Mauiloa to the time of Kaulahea I, there must have been troubled times on the island of Maui.
He was the 26th Sulṭān of the Warsangali Sultanate, reigning from 1897 to 1960.
Ilunga Sungu was a ruler of the Kingdom of Luba in what is now the Katanga Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Gasim Mirza was the self-declared Shah of Shirvan after the death of Gurban Ali.
Born the son of a freed slave, Pertinax originally worked as a teacher before becoming an officer in the army.
Abu Faris Abd al-Aziz bin Ali, al-Mustansir was the Marinid Sultan of Morocco from 1366 until his death in 1372.
The male children and the female children I burned in flames; the city I destroyed, and consumed with fire".
Seeking further gains, Theoderic frequently ravaged the provinces of the Eastern Roman Empire, eventually threatening Constantinople itself.
During his reign there was a long conflict with his nephew Đurađ Branković, which ended in 1412.
Arikesari Maravarman, also known as Arikesari Parankusa, was an Indian king from the Pandyan dynasty.
Nabû-mukin-zēri, inscribed mdAG-DU-NUMUN, also known as Mukin-zēri, was the king of Babylon 731–729 BC.
Nabopolassar was a king of Babylonia and a central figure in the fall of the Neo-Assyrian Empire.
Artaxerxes came to power after one of his brothers was executed, another committed suicide, the last murdered and his father, Artaxerxes II died.
Emperor Kōmyō was the second of the Emperors of Northern Court, although he was the first to be supported by the Ashikaga Bakufu.
He acceded to the throne in November, 799.
Here it is said that "Badezorus was succeeded by Matgenus his son: he lived thirty-two years and reigned, nine years: Pygmalion succeeded him.”
He took part in battle of Karbala and was killed.
Pilate initially handed him over to Antipas, in whose territory Jesus had been most active, but Antipas sent him back to Pilate's court.
He succeeded his brother Bato to the Dardanian throne.
King Mittasena was defeated and slain on the battlefield.
His countrymen regarded him as a god or deity after the construction of the Minneriya tank, and he was named Minneri Deviyo.
one of the Worthy Princes of the East.
After his father died, Myles ruled over Laconia.
Although initially successful, Himilco suffered a reverse at Syracuse in 396 BC when his forces were decimated by the plague and then defeated by Dionysius.
King Saddha Tissa built the Dighavapi vihara and the Duratissa reservoir.
After he came to Cyrene he became the lover of her mother, Apama.
He was the immediate successor of K'uk' Bahlam I, who founded the ruling dynasty.
Following his defeat, Balc fled Moldavia for Hungary.
Florent settled with his wife in Morea.
Mahinda III was King of Anuradhapura in the 9th century, whose reign lasted from 812 to 816.
He is thus along with Shapur I and Khosrow II regarded as one of the most illustrious Sasanian kings.
Ultimately, his duchy did accept Frankish overlordship through Pax Nicephori.
Yashwant Rao rebelled against the policies of the Peshwa Baji Rao II.
Upatissa II was King of Anuradhapura in the 6th century, whose reign lasted from 525 to 526.
Peter was crowned emperor before the end of the year.
In most medieval sources, he is simply called Khwarazmshah.
Nabû-nāṣir, inscribed in cuneiform as dAG-PAB or dAG-ŠEŠ-ir, Greek: Ναβονάσσαρος, whence "Nabonassar", and meaning "Nabû protector", was the king of Babylon 747–734 BC.
Wihtred's long reign had few incidents recorded in the annals of the day.
The date of his death is unknown.
Oswiu rose to the kingship when his brother Oswald was killed in battle against Penda of Mercia.
In the process they forced Sweyn's son, Cnut, back to Denmark, where he assembled an invasion force to re-conquer England.
Iddin-Dagān was preceded by his father Šu-ilišu.
He supplied sumptuous garments, different types of musical instruments, and male and female singers.
Leontios was Byzantine emperor from 695 to 698.
During the reign of Nayapala's son Vigrahapala III, the Kalachuri king Karna once again invaded Bengal but was defeated.
Author of the book “Ancient Jaffna” C. Rasanayagam calculated that he has been ruled Jaffna from 1279 to 1302.
He was the twelfth Kabaka of Buganda.
Andrew Hendy was appointed honorary chief of the Miskito in 1894 by Zelaya's government.
He uprooted the Euthydemid dynasty of Greco-Bactrian kings and replaced it with his own lineage.
His reign spanned the years from 1180 through 1185.
Since Fallmerayer, most historians have assume that Ioannikios was John Axouchos' son, but Panaretos' Chronicle does not state how Ioannikios was related to John Axouchos.
A number of later mediaeval sources recorded that in about 616, Tytila was succeeded by his son Rædwald.
He served as a Roman consul in 494 BC together with Aulus Verginius Tricostus Caeliomontanus.
During his nearly 50 years of rule, he raised a relatively insignificant Germanic tribe to the status of a major Mediterranean power.
Yajaw Te' K'inich II was a king of the Mayan state Caracol in Belize.
Moti Abba Bok'a was a King of the Gibe Kingdom of Jimma.
Isaac I Komnenos was Byzantine Emperor from 1057 to 1059, the first reigning member of the Komnenos dynasty.
Jafar Khan Zand, was the seventh shah of the Zand dynasty from 1785 to 1789.
He further oversaw the formation of the Diocese of the Isles, the territorial extent of which appears to reveal the boundaries of his realm.
Viestards died in 1230, but the Semigallians still were not conquered until the end of the 13th century.
He succeeded his father Silakala Ambosamanera as King of Anuradhapura and was succeeded by his brother Moggallana II.
Berke Khan was the ruler of the Golden Horde who effectively consolidated the power of the Blue Horde and White Horde from 1257 to 1266.
The Kingdom of Ruhuna was a Sub kingdom loyal to the King of Anuradhapura
Nebuchadnezzar I, r. c. 1125–1104 BC, was the fourth king of the Second Dynasty of Isin and Fourth Dynasty of Babylon.
In 1202 Dirk allied himself with Otto of Guelders, and they both attacked Brabant.
Born around 1150, Umadevi became one of the consort of Bellala II at age twenty-two.
After a three-day truce, Alexander found the Taulantii camp unguarded and eliminated the Illyrians under the cover of night.
Iset was the daughter of Pharaoh Ramesses VI and his Great Royal Wife Nubkhesbed, and a sister to Pharaoh Ramesses VII.
Released, Murtzuphlus was allowed the court position of protovestiarios.
He was succeeded by Shirvanshah Farrukh Yassar, his son.
The Japanese word go has also been translated to mean the second one, and thus, this emperor might be identified as "Junna II".
Perdiccas I of Macedon was king of Macedon.
In his reign the religious site of Bagaran was founded.
Satiah was an Ancient Egyptian queen, the Great Royal Wife of Thutmose III.
But Sicard's brother, Siconulf, whom he had imprisoned, broke out and was proclaimed prince in Salerno; a ten-year civil war ensued.
Stela 15 records that he was already ruling Copán by AD 504.
This ended the dynasty of Jehu after four generations of his descendants, fulfilling the prophecy in 2 Kings 10:30.
In 803 Nikephoros concluded a treaty, called the "Pax Nicephori", with Charlemagne, but refused to recognize the latter's imperial dignity.
Go-Sai's reign spanned the years from 1655 through 1663.
As long as the power of Athens remained intact he did not meddle in Greek affairs.
John VII Palaiologos or Palaeologus was Byzantine Emperor for five months in 1390.
Compelled by Bardanes' disloyalty to take the field himself, he sustained a severe defeat at the Battle of Krasos in Phrygia.
He was from the House of Siri Sanga Bo and his son Jayaweera Astana was his successor.
He is the king named Herod in the Acts of the Apostles 12:1: "Herod".
Empress Ma, formally Empress Mingde, was an empress during Han Dynasty from the year 60 until her death.
Vlad and his younger brother, Radu, were held as hostages in the Ottoman Empire from 1442 to secure their father's loyalty.
Although the slaves were freed the next year, Kai Mako‘i did not survive to return.
According to a Persian source he was of House of Black Monk.
In any case, the mamak bloodline finally gained control over the Malaccan Empire.
His reign marked the nadir of Imperial authority during the Ashikaga shogunate.
He succeeded his father Jayaweera Astana as king of Kandy and was succeeded by his daughter Dona Catherina, also known as Kusumasana Devi.
He was only nominal king, therefore there is not much information about him.
The fleet disembarked in the vicinity of Varna, but the emperor did not press his potential advantage and inexplicably retreated.
He rose through the ranks, culminating in the appointment as sanjakbey of the Sanjak of Dibra in 1440.
Philoxenus seems to have been quite an important king who might briefly have ruled most of the Indo-Greek territory.
Susuga Malietoa Tanumafili I was the Malietoa in Samoa from 1898 until his death in 1939.
He ruled the Parthian Empire as King intermittently between about 40 to 51.
In 1528 he became count of East Frisia.
Sihyaj Chan K'awiil II also known as Storm Sky and Manikin Cleft Sky,, was an ajaw of the Maya city of Tikal.
The eldest, Prince Tsangma, took Buddhist vows.
William I of Champlitte was a French knight who joined the Fourth Crusade and became the first prince of Achaea.
K'ak' Yipyaj Chan K'awiil was a ruler of the Mayan city of Copán.
It is said that the Romans were at first unable to take Nesactium and did not made any success in their lengthy siege of the city.
In the Nora Stone article just cited, F. M. Cross makes the following observation:
Akhratan is known from a cartouche in a chapel and from a black granite statue found in Barkal Temple 500, now located in Boston.
His son Cetshwayo became de facto ruler in 1856.
Lazar's widow, Milica, who ruled as regent for their adolescent son Stefan Lazarević, Lazar's successor, accepted Ottoman suzerainty in the summer of 1390.
The great south Indian mathematician Nilakantha Somayaji also lived in the Empire of Krishnadevaraya.
Batbayan was the eldest son of Khagan Kubrat.
Notable people with surname Naicker or Nayakar include:
He ruled from January 2, 695, to May 3, 738.
The city of Groningen accepted him as its lord in 1506, but in 1514 renounced him again in favor of Charles of Guelders.
Hassan Khan Bayat was the second khan of the Maku Khanate from 1778 to 1822.
He also ruled Levantine territories outside Egypt.
He was a leader who followed the Sunni Maliki school of Jurisprudence and the Qadiri branch of Sufism.
Yazdegerd promoted Christianity in the early years of his reign and later opposed it.
The emperor's coronation took place on the birthday of Hindu God Krishna.
He was the 8th Kabaka of Buganda.
After Philip II of Macedon defeated Bardylis, the Grabaei under Grabos became the strongest state in Illyria.
There is no contemporary evidence for Eormenred, but he is mentioned in later hagiographies, and his existence is considered possible by scholars.
Ku Ix built a new phase of Temple 26 at the city, over the Motmot phase, nicknamed Papagayo.
After the Egyptian campaign and the truce with Libya, Cambyses invaded the Kingdom of Kush but with little success.
He was the son of Arghun and Quthluq Khatun, continuing a long line of rulers who were direct descendants of Genghis Khan.
Nicias was an Indo-Greek king who ruled in the Paropamisade.
Darvish Mohammed Khan was the Khan of Sheki.
Much of TIAA operates on a not-for-profit basis, with surplus returned to participants.
Karaliyadde Bandara was King of Kandy in the sixteenth century, who ruled from 1551 to 1581.
Anna was the elder daughter of Emperor Alexios II of Trebizond and his Georgian wife, Djiadjak Jaqeli.
After his nephew Dục Đức was deposed by court officials following a three-day reign in 1883 he reasserted the family's claim on the throne.
William was supported by some of the West Frisians as well.
Gerulf, also Gerulf the Elder, was the first count of Frisia by this name and an ancestor of the Counts of Holland.
His reign was highly successful with Travancore gaining the appellation of "model state of India".
The second member of the Ma'munid dynasty, he was the son of Ma'mun I ibn Muhammad.
For others named Agron, see the Agron navigation page
Pertinax was Roman Emperor for the first three months of 193.
Birendra Bir Bikram Shah was the King of Nepal from 1972 until 2001.
Like many of his brothers, he was named after a son of Ramesses II, Amun-her-khepeshef.
He was assassinated in the year of his accession by Amyntas III and succeeded by him.
He was ruling as the sub-king when the chieftains and landlords of the northern regions withheld their royal dues.
Amanineteyerike and Baskakeren are thought to be sons of Malewiebamani.
Sabr ad-Din II was a Sultan of Adal and the oldest son of Sa'ad ad-Din II.
Moreover, he was one of the founders the UAE, as he helped to build consensus and install Ajman at the heart of the Union.
At that time, he was once again deposed by his step-mother Rajasbai who installed her own son, Sambhaji II on the Kolhapur throne.
Al-Mansur Nasir al-Din Muhammad was the third Ayyubid Sultan of Egypt, reigning in 1198–1200.
Tahmasp's reign was marked by foreign threats, primarily from the Safavid's arch rival, the Ottomans, and the Uzbeks in the far east.
His reign is noted for the attainments of Thanjavur in literature, art and Carnatic music.
He was a powerful mediator in Central European affairs.
A part of this region around the river mouth is Patalena, above which is Abiria.
Marduk-bēl-zēri, inscribed in cuneiform as dAMAR.UTU.EN.NUMUN or mdŠID.EN.
During the reign of Chelbir, Volga Bulgaria strengthened its economy and military.
However, Sanjar later released Husayn in return for sending tribute to him.
He was the son of Yohannes I and Empress Sabla Wangel.
In the Histories, the prince and his imposter have the same name.
However, he was able to retake the Anuradhapura and ruled peacefully for a few years.
Before ascending to power, his name was Prince Yeoning.
He was the 2nd Kabaka of Buganda.
Ntege Kiyimba was Kabaka of the Kingdom of Buganda.
He was the first of the Branković dynasty to hold the Serbian monarchy.
During the Spanish conquest, the Spaniard Francisco Pizarro captured Atahualpa and used him to control the Inca Empire.
Shrimant Sardar Kashi Rao Holkar V Subedar Bahadur, belonging to the Holkar dynasty of the Marathas was the Maharaja of Indore.
Henuttawy D was an ancient Egyptian high priestess, a God's Wife of Amun during the 21st Dynasty.
He took the throne on November 26, 411 and reigning until his death.
He was the son of Marcius, who may be identified with Numa Marcius, and Pompilia.
He is not identical with his brother Ramesses VI, who was also called Amun-her-khepeshef before he became pharaoh.
K'uk' Bahlam I, also known as Kuk and Bahlum K'uk',, was a founder and ajaw of the ruling dynasty at the Maya city of Palenque.
Emperor Sujin, also known as Mimakiiribikoinie no Sumeramikoto or Hatsukunishirasu Sumeramikoto; was the tenth emperor of Japan.
He was also a Pashto language poet.
He was a son of Emperor Michael of Trebizond and Acropolitissa, a daughter of Constantine Acropolites.
The dBa' bzhed claims that Muné Tsenpo insisted that his father's funeral be performed according to Buddhist rather than the Bon rites.
She was the only Queen of Travancore to have reigned in her own right for two years before becoming a regent.
The failure of the campaign led to a quarrel between the two and Maurice accused Mundhir of treason.
This came back to haunt him when, in 1864, the Russians accused him of cooperating with Turkey during the war.
He ruled jointly with his brother Edzard II.
Cleopatra VII of Egypt awaited the triumvir on a golden throne, but Artavasdes II refused to render homage to the Egyptian Queen by Proskynesis.
Afterwards, Ardashir called himself "shahanshah" and began conquering the land that he called Iran.
He also held the superior rank in the chivalric Order of the Dragon.
She was involved in restoring the large temple for Amun at Meroë and the Amun temple at Napata after it was demolished by the Romans.
Konstantin Tih or Constantine I, was the emperor of Bulgaria from 1257 to 1277.
Delbeg Khan was succeeded by another direct descendant of Ariq Böke, Oyiradai Khan, chosen by the Oirats to boost the legitimacy of their rule.
He cleansed the order of bhikkus by issuing decrees.
His reign lasted from 1714 to 1732 CE.
