The Garden Wall is an arête or rock spine that separates the Many Glacier region of the park from Lake McDonald valley.
The range is a northern extension of the Sierra Madre Mountains, a mountain range beginning in the northern part of Santa Barbara County.
Four major state highways and the California Aqueduct traverse the mountains today; these developments have all had significant impacts on area wildlife and plant communities.
The Pioche Hills are a mountain range in Lincoln County, Nevada.
The rocks of eastern lesser Himalaya and the central crystallines appear to be largely attenuated and truncated in Mishmi Hills.
Tenmile Peak, south of Peak 1, is also known as Peak 2.
U.S. Route 6 Passes through the central part of the range and through Eureka.
The southern section of the range rises steadily, climbing to the high ridge of Ward Mountain.
Silurian clastic sedimentary rocks unconformably overly the ophiolite and granite intruded the area during the Devonian.
The mountain ranges run parallel to the Bay of Bengal.
The range is a protected area; National Natural Park Macuira.
Administratively, the range belongs to the Austrian states of Carinthia and, in the westernmost part, Tyrol.
The east part of the range drains by various streams into the Saco River and thence into the Atlantic Ocean at Saco, Maine.
Penrose was an avid outdoorsman and another mountain in the Flathead area of Montana also bears his name.
It lies between Tarentaise Valley to the north and the Maurienne valley in the south.
For example, Frederick Weld named Lake Tennyson; William Travers named the Spensers and Faerie Queene; Julius Haast named Mt Una.
Its name is Mi'kmaq and literally translated means 'terrible rocks'.
The highest peak in the San Andres Mountains is Salinas Peak, at 8,965 feet.
The highest peak in the Venediger Group is the Großvenediger) which gives its name to the group.
The Skree Range is a subrange of the Stikine Ranges, located between the Dease River and Eagle River in northern British Columbia, Canada.
Antelope Peak 7,500 ft at 37°37.59′N 116°45.35′W
The Rhodopes are a mountain range in Southeastern Europe, with over 83% of its area in southern Bulgaria and the remainder in Greece.
The Girdle is a mountain range in Sonoma County, California.
The two most recent were Lassen Peak from 1914 to 1921 and a major eruption of Mount St. Helens in 1980.
The fossil remains of plants that probably date to the middle or upper Devonian period are found in the shales.
They are located in Slovenia and, for a small part of their northernmost area, in Austria.
Another adjacent range sequence southwest, the Shauntie Hills has other fingers of the star-shape.
The highest point in Poland is Starorobociański Wierch.
Today, they are traversed by U.S. Highway 12 between Townsend, Montana in the Missouri drainage, and White Sulphur Springs, Montana in the upper Smith River drainage.
Two other peaks lie at the southeast, Miller Peak at 2,793 feet, and Fools Peak at 2,939 feet.
The highest point in the range is McLeod Peak,).
It has an area of 20 km2 and is a subrange of the Pacific Ranges which in turn form part of the Coast Mountains.
Where the mountains extend into County Dublin, they are known locally as the Dublin Mountains.
Radio Aurora Explorer is the first National Science Foundation sponsored CubeSat mission.
Spanish Springs Valley north of Reno forms the southwest margin.
Geologically, it forms part of the Central Alps and features silicate metamorphic and igneous rock.
They are found at the southern end of the Whetstone Mountains.
They are in the Mojave National Preserve, in the National Park Service system.
The Goshute Mountains is a mountain range in southeastern Elko County, Nevada in the United States.
About 30 million years to 15 million years ago, the Japanese archipelago separated from the continent and moved to its present position.
Sapthagiri which is also called Tirumala Hill is situated in hill town of Tirumala, near Tirupati in the Chittoor district of Andhra Pradesh, India.
The highest peak is Mount Ptolemy, with an elevation of 2,812 m.
The Whitemantle Range is a subrange of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in British Columbia.
The Baybiche Too is a mountain range in the central Tien-Shan separating the Middle Naryn and Atbashi valleys.
Range, also spelled OK Range, is a mountain range in northern British Columbia, Canada, located northeast of Terrace.
The highest peak of Bieszczady is Mt.
The Livorno Hills is a mountain range in Tuscany, included in the municipalities of Livorno, Collesalvetti and Rosignano Marittimo, and in the Province of Livorno.
Imeon Range is a mountain range occupying the interior of Smith Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.
To the Southern ridge of mountain range is the Polish-Czech border.
In 1980, a series of earthquakes and uplift within and south of Long Valley Caldera indicated renewed activity in the area.
The Tenmile Range is a mountain range in U.S. state of Colorado.
The old mining camp and ghost town of Golden is at the southern end of the range.
George Range, are one of the California Coast Ranges.
The Tadrart Rouge is a mountain range in southeastern Algeria.
Sierra de Cayey is an extension of Cordillera Central that begins in the town of Cayey and runs eastwardly to Humacao.
The Sperry Hills are a low mountain range in the northern Mojave Desert—southern Amargosa Desert region, in northeastern San Bernardino County, southern California.
High Desert Gold acquired the Artillery Peak gold project in western Arizona in 2008.
The range reaches a maximum elevation of 11,387 feet on the summit of Ruby Dome.
The Bow Range is a mountain range of the Canadian Rockies in Alberta and British Columbia, Canada.
Its highest summit is the Pointe Percée, at 2753m.
They are situated in Małopolska Province, at the western tip of the long Carpathian range extending east beyond the Dunajec River for some 1,500 kilometres.
A prominent rock formation is the Melkerloch in the southeastern face of the Birnhorn mountain.
The Fraser Range is a small mountain range in southwestern British Columbia, Canada, located north of the western end of Nugent Sound.
The Allegheny Front is the major southeast- or east-facing escarpment in the Allegheny Mountains in southern Pennsylvania, western Maryland, and eastern West Virginia, USA.
BCGNIS defines the northern boundary of the Okanagan Range as Young Creek and the lower Ashnola River.
The Adrar des Ifoghas is a massif in located in the Kidal Region of Mali, reaching into Algeria.
The highest elevation is Flat Top Mountain at 10,620 ft.
All are ultra prominent peaks of Southeast Asia.
The plateau contains rare Aboriginal paintings and impressive sandstone gorges, including the Carnarvon Gorge.
The highest peak in the range is Cornell Mountain at 1,270 feet.
The Kancamagus Highway runs along the north side of the mountains, from Conway to North Woodstock.
The range is highly eroded and heavily forested.
The highest peak in the range is Ferris Peak, which rises to an elevation of 10,037 feet.
The Blue Wing Mountains are a mountain range in west central Pershing County, Nevada.
There are also species of Quercus virginiana, Carpinella, the Aspen and the Laurel.
Alvord Mountain is a mountain range in San Bernardino County, California.
Settlements in the area include Drummin and Carrowkennedy, Cregganbaun, and Delphi.
The anticline in Anticline ridge continues to the southeast as the Guijarral Hills Oil Field and the Kettleman North Dome Oil Field.
The Arrei Mountains also known as the "Roof of Ali Sabieh", are a mountain range in the southern Ali Sabieh Region in Djibouti.
The range runs parallel with the coast about 170 kilometres west of Mackay and has an average elevation of 355 metres.
In the southwest, is Harcuvar Peak, at 4,618 feet, accessible by unimproved road, via Cottonwood Pass.
They are on the southwestern edge of the San Joaquin Valley, near the site of the former Buena Vista Lake.
The valleys that delimit the massif were used as communication routes by the Romans until they left around the 5th century AD.
The Pilot Range extends southeast-northwest about 15 miles.
The western portion of the Lesser Caucasus overlaps and converges with the high plateau of Eastern Anatolia, in the far northeast of Turkey.
The Lippe Uplands is a range of hills in Ostwestfalen-Lippe within the administrative district of Detmold in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
Cross and Hearthstone Mountain are made of hard resistant quartzite of the Tuscarora Formation of the Silurian age, which form the walls of the bowl.
The Midway Range is a subrange of the Monashee Mountains, located between the Kettle and Granby Rivers in British Columbia, Canada.
They are split only by the Continental Divide and name.
Note also the Selwyn Mountains on the border between the Yukon and Northwest Territories in Canada.
Congress is on its southeast foothills, and Wickenburg lies 15 mi southeast.
It has an area of 53 km2 and is a subrange of the Pacific Ranges which in turn form part of the Coast Mountains.
The Derrynasaggart Mountains are a mountain range in County Cork, Ireland.
Historically they were also viewed, along with the neighbouring Gurktal Alps range, as part of the larger "Noric Alps", but that grouping had no geological basis.
To the northwest are the Sapphire Mountains, to the south is the Big Hole Valley.
Vehicular roads, though not impossible, would be very difficult and expensive to construct.
Mosquito Mountain is a mountain range in Washoe County, Nevada and Lake County, Oregon.
This area is important for its incredible biodiversity and high percentage of primary forest.
6,673 feet, are a roughly crescent-shaped range of hills north of Manhattan, Montana in Gallatin County, Montana.
In the southwest portion Spanish Springs Peak) is the highest.
The Black Mountains of northwest Arizona are an extensive, mostly linear, north-south 75-mile long mountain range.
Further east lies the large Railroad Valley, and the Grant and Quinn Canyon Ranges.
The Bird Spring Range is a mountain range in Clark County, Nevada.
Altitudes vary from hills to the 1,152 m of Cima del Nibbio and the 1,141 m of Monte Calvo.
South Africa's only ski resort, Tiffindell, is also situated in these mountains.
The hills are divided from the Puente Hills
Just below the range is Burraga Swamp.
Habitats of the hills are in the California interior chaparral and woodlands sub-ecoregion.
The Buried Hills, the Papoose Range and Papoose Lake lie to the east.
The highest peak is Mount Leinster with a total height of 2612 ft/ 796 metres.
The highest point of the Kalkkögel is the Schlicker Seespitze which reaches a height of 2,804 m; its easternmost mountain is the Ampferstein.
The arid southern portion of the range lacks any year-round streams except Hidden Pasture Creek.
AngloGold Ashanti has been exploring in the area since 2004, causing tensions with local small-scale miners.
The Lusatian Highlands are named after the historic region of Upper Lusatia, while the southern Czech portion is also known as the Šluknov Hook.
The highest point has an elevation of 340 feet which is 100 to 250 feet above the surrounding desert.
The Felbertauern Road runs over the eastern side of the group.
The Erlspitze Group, also called the Seefeld Group, is the southwesternmost side range of the Austrian part of the Karwendel mountains in the Alps.
The Smoky Mountains were named from the frequent forest fires in the mountains.
It stretches around 2,500 km through Morocco, Algeria and Tunisia.
It has an area of 50 km2 and is a subrange of the Boundary Ranges which in turn form part of the Coast Mountains.
Parts of the hills are protected for their scenic beauty by Mount Tamalpais State Park and the Golden Gate National Recreation Area.
Copper and lead have been the main metals mined in the mountains and a brief gold rush occurred in the 18th century.
It covers an area of about 115 km², extending about 25 km in a NNW-SSE direction with a width ranging between 4 and 6 km.
This geoglyph has a wing span of 100 metres and 1500 tonnes of rock was used to construct it, and was unveiled in March 2006.
The Hummocks is a primary source of catchment for Lake Bumbunga near Lochiel.
The Baffin Mountains are a mountain range running along the northeastern coast of Baffin Island and Bylot Island, Nunavut are part of the Arctic Cordillera.
The Ritter Range is a small mountain range within California's Sierra Nevada.
The Gravel Hills are a low mountain range in the central Mojave Desert, in northwestern San Bernardino County, California.
They form the border between the French region of Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur and the Italian regions of Piedmont and Liguria.
The Kitami Mountains are north of the Ishikari Mountains and east of the Teshio Mountains.
They subdivide the relatively flat Hudson River Valley to create the Wallkill Valley further west.
The highest point of the range is Mus-Khaya Mountain in Sakha Republic, 2959 m. Berill Mountain, 2933 m, is the highest in Khabarovsk Krai.
The Tierra Blanca Mountains and the Sawtooth Mountains are to the northwest, and Anza-Borrego Desert State Park due north.
Some of these intrusions form laccoliths emplaced at depths of a few kilometers.
The Gem Trek map suggests that from the end of the trail, the cirque can be reached without a path.
There are currently two satellites in the RAX mission.
One of them, Puntitjara, was recorded by several early White explorers travelling through the Kelly Hills.
The High Westerwald has since the Middle Ages formed the heart of the Herrschaft zum Westerwald.
The Rieserferner Group is a mountain range in the Austrian Central Alps.
For the most part, the main crest forms a divide between France and Spain, with the microstate of Andorra sandwiched in between.
The maximum elevation is the Pik Skalisty at 5,621 metres.
A small portion of the mountains also reach into Niigata Prefecture.
Most of the valleys are covered in forests.
The Riverside Mountains are a mountain range in Riverside County, California.
The Snake Range is a mountain range in White Pine County, Nevada, United States.
The mountains mainly lie in South Tyrol, where the greater part is protected within the Rieserferner-Ahrn Nature Park.
Hallingskarvet is a mountain range in southern Norway stretching from Geilo to Finse.
It consists of an area of 90 km2, 3,910 inhabitants and is 200 m above sea level.
The plateau is Nigeria's northern continuation of the Bamenda Highlands of Cameroon.
The range forms part of the southern region of the Continental Divide, with the highest peak is the stratovolcano Miravalles at 2,028 m.
It separates the Maracaibo Basin from the Cesar River valley.
The Warner Mountains are an 85-mile-long mountain range running north–south through northeastern California and extending into southern Oregon in the United States.
The Andes or Andean Mountains are the longest continental mountain range in the world.
The length of the range is about 40 km, width - up to 16 km.
In the northwest part of the range is the one named subrange, the Bedded Range.
This range is named after Saint Mammes.
The Mealy Mountains encompass five of Labrador’s ten provincial ecoregions, including coastal barrens, high sub arctic tundra, high boreal forest, mid boreal forest, and string bog.
The Capay Hills are a low mountain range of the Inner Northern California Coast Ranges System, in Yolo County, California.
On the Tibetan side it is drained by the Rongbuk and Kangshung Glaciers and on the Nepali side by Barun, Ngojumba and Khumbu Glaciers and others.
The Blacks are the highest mountains in the Eastern United States.
They cover an area of about 30 x 30 km and begin at the outer edge of the Alps.
Croda da Lago is a small mountain chain in the central Dolomites in Veneto, northern Italy, just east of the Giau Pass.
It is a subrange of the Arctic Cordillera.
They form a section of the Continental Divide, that, in this region, separates water drainage between the Arctic and Pacific Oceans.
It stretches south-eastward to the Cajones River and the Sierra de Villa Alta.
Pico Bolívar, at 4,981 meters elevation, is the highest peak in Venezuela.
The Huaguruncho mountain range is situated in the Andes of Peru.
The Beaverfoot Range is a mountain range of the Canadian Rockies, located in southeastern British Columbia.
Glendale, Utah is located at the south end of the valley, on the East Fork Virgin River.
The terrain is steep, especially in the northern end, with more than half the land above 8,000'.
The Coronado National Memorial is in the southeastern margin of the range near the international border.
The region has remained of some military importance through to the mid-20th century.
The Spenser Mountains are the northern limit of the glaciers within the Southern Alps.
The Raft River and Black Pine mountains are southwest of the range, while the Albion Mountains are to the west.
The Fortification Range is a mountain range in Lincoln and White Pine counties, Nevada.
The Smoke Creek Desert is to the west.
Interstate 84 passes just to the south and west of the mountains.
The Jbel Saghro or Djebel Sahrho is a mountain range in southern Morocco.
The range takes its name from a volcanic peak on the west side, named Magdalena Peak, after Mary Magdalene.
The Idaho Canyon Range is a mountain range in Humboldt County, Nevada.
Chair Mountain, 12,721 ft, high point of The Raggeds
Most of the area is within the Paramillo Natural National Park, which extends from the massif into the lowlands of the Caribbean plain.
The Virunga Mountains are a chain of volcanoes in East Africa, along the northern border of Rwanda, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and Uganda.
In the Oderské vrchy is the source of the Oder river, the second longest river in Poland.
The picture is taken from Gjendesheim, a starting point for hiking into the mountain range.
The Whitesail Range is a subrange of the Tahtsa Ranges, located north of Whitesail River in northern British Columbia, Canada.
Other features of the Rubies include free-standing rock walls, caves, cliffs, and talus.
Also referred to as the Berkshire Hills, Berkshire Mountains, and Berkshire Plateau, the region enjoys a vibrant tourism industry based on music, arts, and recreation.
The Trinity Range is a mountain range in Pershing County, Nevada.
Lakes in the West Pioneers contain perhaps the last pure strain population of Arctic grayling south of Canada.
The cycad species Macrozamia moorei is a native plant species found naturally in the Carnarvon Range.
The highest summit of the whole Carpathians, the Gerlachovský štít at 2,655 m, lies in the High Tatras range which belongs to this area.
The Gombori range serves as a watershed, separating the Alazani and Iori river valleys, thereby dividing Kakheti into two traditional regions: inner and outer.
It is part of the American Cordillera.
The southwest quarter of the mountain range lies in the southeast of Graham County.
The range contains numerous hiking trails within the San Isabel National Forest and White River National Forest.
Montes de María is a zone located in the center of the Colombian Departments of Bolívar and Sucre.
To the west is the line of mountains along the northern edge of the Tibetan Plateau.
Listed from southwest to northeast, they are:
The orientation of the Aravis is north-south, and it stretches from Cluses in the north, to Ugine in the south.
The main ridge is 37 kilometers long and the mountain range contains 31 two-thousanders.
The range contains one of the last remaining old growth or primary forest blocks in Mindanao.
The Mahoosuc Range, a northern extension of the White Mountains, straddles the border between New Hampshire and Maine.
You can find many glacier lakes in the Făgăraș Mountains.
The Mangfall Mountains, or sometimes Mangfall Alps, are the easternmost part of the Bavarian Prealps that, in turn, belong to the Northern Limestone Alps.
The Long Range Mountains are a series of mountains along the west coast of the Canadian island of Newfoundland.
The southeast end turns and forms a 2 mi north trending "hook".
Though adjacent to the Rockies and very mountainous, the McGregor Range is part of the McGregor Plateau, a subdivision of the Fraser Plateau.
Fort Sill, home of the U.S. Army Field Artillery School, occupies a large portion of the southeastern end of the mountains.
Local wildlife includes condors, rheas, guanacos and vicuña.
The ice-capped mountains are some of the highest peaks of eastern North America, reaching a height of 1,525–2,146 metres above sea level.
To their northeast is the Tagish Highland, which is a subregion of the Yukon Plateau.
The Serranías Chiquitanas runs in a northwest to southeast fashion.
The Flathead Range is a mountain range of the Border Ranges located south-east of Fernie on the British Columbia-Alberta border in Canada.
These mountains, which are at the extreme southeast end of the East Hesse Highlands, are partly a result of ancient volcanic activity.
To the east, Winnemucca Lake separates the Lake Range from the Nightingale Mountains and the Selenite Range.
Their highest peak is the Eisenhut in Styria which reaches an elevation of 2,441 m AA.
A separate mountain outlier lies southwesterly, Tordillo Mountain at 2,170 feet, adjacent to a primitive road paralleling the US-Mexico Border, called El Camino del Diablo.
Mount Tenabo is the principal peak of the range, at 9,153 feet above sea level.
The hills are named after the village of Saalhausen, part of the town of Lennestadt, which is located on the southern edge of this forested region.
The Clachnacudainn Range is a subrange of the Selkirk Mountains in southeastern British Columbia, Canada, located within Mount Revelstoke National Park, just northeast of Revelstoke.
Puddingstone of the Skunnemunk Conglomerate is visible along the ridge.
The range is oriented north-south and has a length of about 35 miles.
The Desatoya Mountains lie to the southwest and the Clan Alpine Mountains to the west.
The mountains are protected in the Chugach State Park and the Chugach National Forest.
The Atlas Mountains are a mountain range in the Maghreb.
The townsite of Tucker, Arizona lies 8 mi east, and is located just west of Chino Valley, AZ.
The range lies in a generally east-west direction, and reaches an elevation of 6,068 feet above sea level at East Ord Mountain.
Most of the range is only accessible by four wheel drive vehicle, on foot, or pack animal.
Lower elevations are dominated by chaparral and scrubland, while higher elevations support large conifer forests.
To the south of the range lies CA Route 46, and the town of Cholame, California.
They are known locally as "the Chilterns".
The Kalmia Hills are a low mountain range of the Peninsular Ranges System, in northwestern Riverside County of southern California.
The Elk Mountains rise nearly 9,000 ft. above the Roaring Fork Valley to the north.
The Sawtooth Range is a mountain range in eastern San Bernardino County, California.
A large part of the range, 196,128 acres, lies within the Clan Alpine Mountains Wilderness Study Area.
Kitanglad Mountain Range is a mountain range that dominates the northern central portion of the province of Bukidnon.
The nature park reaches from the former Inner German Border near Bad Königshofen to the Main near Hallstadt.
The highest point in the Deep Creek Range is Ibapah Peak, an ultra prominent peak, which rises to 12,087 feet.
This east–west-running scarp can be traced with only one short gap from Bedfordview in the east, through Johannesburg and Roodepoort, to Krugersdorp in the west.
The Wicklow Mountains continue to be a major attraction for tourism and recreation.
The range is 31 kilometers wide and 44 kilometers long.
They are located in Lombardy, in the northern part of Italy.
The Battle of Britain Range is a group of mountains within the Allies Group of the Muskwa Ranges in northern British Columbia, Canada.
For the range in Australia also known as the Isa Highlands, see Selwyn Range.
It is traversed by important trade routes and has a great tourist significance.
It is associated with the Hazelton Mountains, which in turn form part of the Interior Mountains.
The Carajás Mountains or Serra dos Carajás are a mountain range to the west of the municipality of Marabá in the Pará state of Brazil.
The community of Palm Springs looks north and northeast across the Coachella Valley to the range.
The Bureau of Land Management oversees 70% of the range, while privately held land accounts for the other 30%.
The Papoose Range is a mountain range in Lincoln County, Nevada.
The Drum Mountains or Detroit Mountains are a desert range in Juab and Millard counties of western Utah.
Principal vegetation types are: Piñon-juniper—43.5%, Sagebrush scrub—25.4%, and Sagebrush steppe—18.5%.
Hidaka Mountains is a mountain range in southeastern Hokkaido, Japan.
The range is 50 miles southeast of Las Vegas, Nevada; and the Eldorado Mountains connect with the Highland and Newberry mountains.
Located between the Motagua Fault and the Chixoy-Polochic Fault, the Chuacús mountains were formed by complex tectonic and geological processes that started in the Late Cretaceous.
They are the location of the Kettleman North Dome Oil Field.
It has an area of 97 km2 and is a subrange of the Boundary Ranges which in turn form part of the Coast Mountains.
Word of these impressive sights began to spread, and Mont Blanc was finally climbed in 1786, marking the start of the sport of mountaineering.
The Monts Otish are a range of tall hills in the geographic centre of Quebec, Canada, north of Lac Mistassini and Manicouagan Reservoir.
Route 89 follows the course of the Snake River from Hoback Junction to the Palisades Reservoir.
The Central Sudetes comprise a number of mountain ranges, including:
This led to a number of controversies, but despite them the motorway was after many delays finally completed in December 2016.
Public lands in the mountains are open to recreation but are rarely visited.
The Lower Tauern or Niedere Tauern are a mountain range of the Central Eastern Alps, in the Austrian states of Salzburg and Styria.
The side-blotched lizard and the chisel-toothed kangaroo rat are also found in the mountains.
Though it is a north-south trending range, the center of the range contains a small north-trending valley, Japanese Valley.
They are part of the Transverse Ranges system of Southern California which in turn are part of the Pacific Coast Ranges system of western North America.
They are considered to be part of the Central Eastern Alps.
Grizzly bears have recently been confirmed to be living in the Gravellies.
The mountains forming the ranges are generally of moderate altitude, the highest point being the summit of Kitten Mountain at 2,142 meters.
Other peaks, such as the Monte Maggiore or Poggio ai tre mulini are over 400 meters high.
This part of the Gravellies is characterized by open foothills rising to mixed coniferous forest interspersed with meadows.
The Vilcabamba mountain range lies in the Cusco Region in Peru.
The Krucze Mountains are the Eastern part of the Stone Mountains, which belong to the Central Sudetes on the border of the Czech Republic and Poland.
Around 326 vascular plant species have been identified in the Centennials, an unusual plant diversity for the Yellowstone region.
The north end of the range borders the southwest of the Great Salt Lake at Stansbury Bay.
The British climber William Cecil Slingsby was the first to climb many of the peaks.
It is located between the valleys of the Dikhu and Milak rivers in the Mokokchung District.
Shokanbetsudake mountains are part of Shokanbetsu-Teuri-Yagishiri Quasi-National Park.
Mount Lister is located along the western shore of McMurdo Sound between the Koettlitz, Skelton and Ferrar glaciers.
The La Raya range near the La Raya pass is sometimes included or listed separately.
The Refugium Range is a low, small mountain range comprising the mountains/hills of the Brooks Peninsula on northern Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada.
On the lower slopes beech is predominant, the higher reaches are covered by spruce and mixed forest.
The highest of these is Carrauntoohil, followed by Beenkeragh and Caher.
The Long Buttes are a low mountain range of buttes in the western Mojave Desert, in Los Angeles County, California.
It is developed south-east of the Fiddle Range, and one of the front ranges.
The southern end of the Rocky Mountains are considered to be the Jemez Mountains and the Southern Sangre De Cristo mountains of New Mexico.
With an elevation of 2858 metres, Mount Nazargah is the highest point of the range.
The Tatra-Fatra Belt consists of Tatric alpine crystalline basement and its autochthonous sedimentary cover, over which the Subtatric nappes were thrust.
Although only 319 m at their highest, they dominate the landscape and are clearly identifiable from nearby Geelong, Melbourne and beyond.
Venkateswara is known by other names: Balaji, Govinda, and Srinivasa.
The Southern Rockies include the highest mountain ranges of the Rocky Mountains and include all 30 of the highest major peaks of the Rockies.
Its peaks bear the names of Canada's provinces and territories, with the exception of Nunavut, which was not a territory at the time.
There is no designated wilderness area in the range.
The Chowchilla Mountains are a mountain range in Mariposa County, California.
The status of National Natural Park was designated in 1971 and the protected area encompasses 6,200 km2.
The Maverick Springs Range is a mountain range in White Pine County, Nevada.
This technique has intrigued many Western agriculturalists, in which they were impressed by the high efficiency of this agricultural system.
This desert region of southern Arizona lies in the north and central Sonoran Desert, and is one of the drier desert areas of North America.
The Uwharries lie within the Southeastern mixed forests ecoregion.
With its summit at 4,025 metres, the massive Mount Lister forms the highest point in this range.
Its present-day highest point is 117 metres high, although before its summit was quarried away it rose to a height of 131 metres above sea level.
Hagerman Peak, 13,841 ft, near Snowmass Mountain
The Teskey Ala-Too or Terskey Ala-Too is a mountain range in the Tian Shan mountains in Kyrgyzstan.
The Allegheny Front is one of the windiest spots east of the Mississippi, leading to the recent establishment of wind farming there.
The Farnham Group is a sub-range of the Purcell Mountains, containing the highest summit of that range, Mount Farnham.
South Mountain ranges in elevation between 500 and 1,300 feet above sea level.
The Wellington Range is a mountain range located in the southeast region of Tasmania, Australia.
In fact, the highest altitudes in all three of these west Georgia counties can be found along the range.
The Gage Range is a mountain range in Wheeler County, Oregon.
Akan Volcanic Complex is a volcanic group of volcanoes that grew out of the Akan caldera.
These peaks are the highest in Hokkaidō.
The name seems to have been first applied on the charts of the British Antarctic Expedition, 1907-09.
Along with the Daisetsuzan Volcanic Group they make up the Ishikari Mountains in Daisetsuzan National Park.
The mountain range is a branch of the Albertine Rift Mountains, which border the western branch of the East African Rift.
Franconia Ridge is a prominent ridge which forms the backbone of the range, stringing together all of its major summits.
The range includes notable summits such as Mount Equinox and Mount Greylock, the highest point in Massachusetts.
Curwood, Michigan's second highest mountain at 1,978 feet, is also a part of the Huron Mountains.
The chain's highest point is the peak of Fóia, at 902 m. 774 m high Picota is another notable peak.
SRTM data and local topographic maps show that their true elevations are approximately 5,700 m, lower than the 5,775 m elevation that is often quoted.
The Moravian–Silesian Beskids is a mountain range in the Czech Republic with a small part reaching to Slovakia.
Timber resources in the area attracted timber-cutters in 1860s.
The highest point in the Mohawk Range is unnamed at 2,776 feet.
They form the border between France and Italy.
They divide the Santa Ynez Valley on the south from the Los Alamos Valley on the north.
The Rossel Mountains are a range of mountains on the island of New Ireland, part of Papua New Guinea.
It has an area of 347 km2 and is a subrange of the Bulkley Ranges which in turn form part of the Hazelton Mountains.
Marble Mountain itself is composed primarily of prehistoric marine invertebrates.
The village of Summerhaven on Mount Lemmon serves as a popular summer retreat from the heat of Arizona's lower deserts.
The Boggeragh Mountains are located in County Cork, Ireland, with the Munster Blackwater to the north and the River Lee to the south of the hills.
Cuts and wheel markings from their ox wagons can still be seen in rock formations in the vicinity of Sir Lowry's Pass on this mountain range.
Santa Monica Mountains National Recreation Area is located in this mountain range.
The two subranges are quite different from each other in appearance.
La Sila, also spelled Sila, is the name of the mountainous plateau and historic region located in Calabria, southern Italy.
The Northern Salzburg Alps are a mountain range located in Austria.
The highest point is the Boboiob at 3,769 metres.
The range is one of the most northern ranges in the world and of the Arctic Cordillera.
The Cévennes are a range of mountains in south-central France, covering parts of the départements of Ardèche, Gard, Hérault and Lozère.
Prospect Hill is a “nodal point” of the Cumberland Plain.
In addition to its natural features, scenic beauty, recreational use and habitation, the range is home to a rich corpus of Basque mythology milestones and legends.
The Little Burro Mountains are located 8 mi southwest of Silver City.
Alders less than twenty years old are typically harvested for pulp mills.
From this ridge the mountains slope gently down to the east, merging gradually with the plains to the west of Artesia.
They are largely within the Loch Lomond and the Trossachs National Park and in part also extend into the Argyll Forest Park.
Weather permitting, the World Extreme Skiing Championship is held annually in the Chugach Mountains near Valdez.
The Coleman Hills are a mountain range in Lake County, Oregon.
The Shan Hills, also known as Shan Highland, is a vast mountainous zone that extends through Yunnan to Myanmar and Thailand.
There are a few soakages located within the hills.
It was named after Robert Carl Sticht, the manager of the Mount Lyell Mining and Railway Company.
The Wurmberg) is the highest peak located entirely within the state of Lower Saxony.
The Raft River Mountains are southwest of the range, while the Albion Mountains are to the west, and the Sublett Mountains are to the northeast.
The San Mateo Mountains are a small mountain range in Cibola and McKinley counties of New Mexico, in the southwestern United States.
They sit at an average elevation of 700 metres above sea level.
The range was named by Don and Phyllis Munday as the range's peaks resembled spearheads rising from the alpine fog.
They are north of Interstate 15 in California and southeast of Death Valley.
The range was named in 1861 by American explorer Isaac Israel Hayes after his ship.
The Dawna Range, also known as Dawna Hills, is a mountain range in eastern Burma and northwestern Thailand.
Most of the mountain range is divided into two federally designated wilderness areas.
It is part of the Antiappennini, a group running from the Apennines chain to the Tyrrhenian Sea, where it forms the promontory of Gaeta.
The highest summit in the eastern part of the Lechtal Alps is the prominent Große Schlenkerspitze.
Only to recede into the Caribbean plain and the Sinú River valley.
The Oat Hills are a mountain range in Colusa County, California.
It winds north, through Mpumalanga, where it includes features such as the Blyde River Canyon, Three Rondavels and God's Window.
The High-Atlas Mountains are inhabited by Berbers, who live from agriculture and pastoralism in the valleys.
The Murrhardt Forest in the Baden-Württemberg county of Rems-Murr-Kreis is part of the natural region known as the Swabian-Franconian Forest.
The mountain has two separate summits, one of 1,002 and one of 997 metres.
The El Mirador area at the base of the Sierra de Lema exhibits unusually high levels of the radioisotope Caesium-137, in both its soils and vegetation.
In the literature, the Arnspitze Group is classed as part of the Wettersteingebirge.
The Black Rock Range is a mountain range in northwestern Nevada.
It cuts across the center of Churchill County and extends partway into Pershing County.
The northwestern corner extends into the southeastern corner of Millard County and the southern end extends into the corners of Garfield and Iron counties.
The Julian Alps and Prealps are a mountain range in the eastern part of the Alps.
The Chalk Mountains are a mountain range in Archuleta County, Colorado.
The peaks and mountain passes are lower compared to the Western Alps, while the range itself is broader and less arched.
The highest summit in the range is Doubletop Peak at 11,720 feet.
Their highest peak, with an elevation of 4,223 feet above mean sea level, is High Knob, which is located near Norton, Virginia.
About 30,000 acres of the Castles were roadless as of 1995.
It lies immediately to the north of Pahrump, Nevada, and west of Nevada State Route 160.
The Dahra Range is a mountain range located in northern Algeria.
Its highest point, the Calar Alto is also the highest peak in the province of Almería and hosts an important astronomical observatory.
There are a number of loughs within the Sheeffry Hills, the two biggest being Lugacolliwee and Lugaloughan.
The range lies in the northwest of the Arizona transition zone, and at the southwest of the Coconino Plateau, a subsection of the Colorado Plateau.
It is located in the center part of the mountain.
Daylight Pass is at the southern end of the range.
The range lies in the north-central arid Sonoran Desert; the Madrean Sky Islands region of southeast Arizona, around Tucson is adjacent to the southeast.
They are a subset of the Willapa Hills.
The Langeberg Range is a mountain range in the Western Cape province of South Africa.
To the north is the Augusta Mountains with Antelope Valley to the northeast.
They are considered to be part of the Central Eastern Alps.
The Cabinet Mountains form the north side of the Clark Fork River valley in Idaho and Montana.
The range runs roughly north-south and is about 18 miles long.
The Russel Range is a subrange of the Finlay Ranges of the Omineca Mountains, located between Finlay River and Pelly Creek in northern British Columbia, Canada.
Meaning "milk hills", they run along a northwest to southeast direction, culminating at the pilgrimage centre of Tirupati.
Snow normally falls the most during June, July and early August.
Lava flows 5,000 years ago built the Red Cones, and explosion pits on Mammoth Mountain were excavated in the last 1,000 years.
The Kreyenhagen Hills are a range of foothills of the Diablo Range in western Fresno County and Kings County, California.
The Province's climate is arid, with numerous ecoregions.
The Old Woman Mountains are located south of the town of Essex, California, and north of Danby Dry Lake.
The Köroğlu Mountains are a mountain range situated in the northern Turkey, north of Ankara.
The Hanging Hills encompass the 1,800-acre Hubbard Park, designed with the help of landscape architect Frederick Law Olmsted.
From Alamo Lake, the Bill Williams River flows due west for 35 mi to meet the Colorado River.
The highest point is Carrizo Mountain on the northeast end with an elevation of 2,408 feet.
The House Range was named in 1859 by James H. Simpson.
The Bureau of Land Management manages 50.3% of the mountains, and 39.7% is part of the Air Force Range.
To the northeast across Kings River Valley is the Double Mountains and to the east are the Sleeping Hills.
The Yountville Hills are a mountain range in Napa County, California on the northwest side of the town of Yountville.
The Pyrenees is a range of mountains in southwest Europe that forms a natural border between France and Spain.
The popular Puffing Billy Railway, a heritage steam railway, runs through the southern parts of the Dandenongs.
The range reaches an elevation of 8,738 feet at Grapevine Peak, near Phinney Canyon on the Nevada side.
The Shikaribetsu volcanic group is located in Daisetsuzan National Park.
Aristotle Mountains is the fan-shaped sequence of ridges spreading east-northeastwards from its summit Madrid Dome on Oscar II Coast in Graham Land on the Antarctic Peninsula.
They lie approximately 75 miles west-northwest of Anchorage.
Mashikie mountains includes part of Shokanbetsu-Teuri-Yagishiri Quasi-National Park.
The Seven Troughs Range is a mountain range in western Pershing County, Nevada.
The majority of the peaks are elevated above three thousand metres and are surrounded by glaciers.
The range is home to Snowy Range Ski Area.
The Elm is a popular among hikers, cyclists, and motor cyclists.
It is the source of many rivers which flow into Hawke Bay, including among them the Tutaekuri, Mohaka, and Ngaruroro Rivers.
The Stromberg is a heavily forested hill ridge up to 476.6 m above sea level in the northern part of the German state of Baden-Württemberg.
The Valley Mountains are a 28-mile long mountain range located on the southwest border of Sanpete County, Utah, with the northeast border of Millard County.
The Congro Volcanic Fissural System is a system of scoria cones that build up the central region of the island of São Miguel.
Other notable mountains include Jakubiná, Baranec, Baníkov, Tri kopy, Plačlivé, Ostrý Roháč, Volovec, Kasprowy Wierch and Giewont.
The Bennett Range is a subrange of the Tagish Highland, located on the west side of Bennett Lake in Yukon and British Columbia, Canada.
The Magdalena Mountains are an east-tilted fault-block range, superimposed on Cenozoic calderas.
They have given their name to the Ebbe Mountain Nature Park and are part of the Süder Uplands within the Rhine Massif.
The range includes a protected area called Owl Mountains Landscape Park.
The Sierra de la Ventana is a mountain range in Buenos Aires Province, and one of the only two located within the Pampas ecosystem.
The Sulphur Spring Range is a mountain range located in east-central Nevada in the United States.
The peaks of the range are easily visible from U.S. Route 160, which skirts the range on the south.
The Burnaby Range is a small subrange of the Kitimat Ranges, located on Pit Island, British Columbia, Canada.
Thereafter it forms the border between KwaZulu-Natal and the Free State, and next as the border between KwaZulu-Natal and Mpumalanga Province.
It runs about 99 miles from north-northwest to south-southeast.
Min Mountains or Minshan are a mountain range in central China.
The range's name is an approximation of a phrase in the Tahltan language meaning "mountains of small rocks".
The Santa Teresa Wilderness area is in the range.
The Fort Sage Mountains are a mountain range running across the state borders in western Washoe County, Nevada and eastern Lassen County, California.
The range runs for approximately 60 miles northwest-to-southeast, through western Grand and Summit counties, and eastern Routt and Eagle counties.
The Poverty Hills are a mountain range in northwestern Inyo County of eastern California, northwest of Bishop and the upper Owens Valley.
Early French voyageurs named the range les trois tétons after the distinct breast-like shapes of its peaks, from which the modern name is derived.
It is also a cultural border between the Southern and Central parts of Sápmi.
The Coyote Hills are a low mountain range in Alameda County, California.
The Ilmensky Mountains are located in the Southern Urals in the Chelyabinsk Oblast on the administrative territory of Miass in Chebarkulsky and Argayashsky districts.
The Venetian Prealps are a mountain range in the south-eastern part of the Alps.
Small alluvial fans drain this northern perimeter.
These mountain ranges are part of the Colorado Plateau province west of the greater ranges of the Rocky Mountains.
Also in the Gros Ventre Range is the Gros Ventre landslide, which in 1925 slid down the north slope of Sheep Mountain.
The Apennines also conserve some intact ecosystems, which have survived to the human intervention.
It was affected by the 2016 Tasmanian bushfires
The range is orientated from north to south and is 120 km in length and 30 km wide.
The Clark Mountain Range is located in southeastern California, north of Interstate 15 and the community of Mountain Pass.
It was formed as a result of the Lewis Overthrust, a geologic thrust fault resulted in the overlying of younger Cretaceous rocks by older Proterozoic rocks.
The Tucson Mountains are a minor mountain range west of Tucson, Arizona.
The fold-and-thrust-belt region contains numerous plains, valleys, and mountain ranges, about 30 landforms in all.
The majority of the group belongs to Tyrol, a northeastern part of the chain lies in Bavaria.
The word hueco is Spanish for hollow, gap, or hole.
The Hengduan Mountains are approximately 900 kilometres long, stretching from 33°N to 25°N.
The northern part is also called the Bellunes Dolomites or Schiara Group, after its highest peak, Monte Schiara.
The Bregaglia Range is a small group of mostly granite mountains in Graubünden, Switzerland and the Province of Sondrio, northern Italy.
The Last Chance Range is a mountain range in Nye County, Nevada.
The area is protected by Jaśliski Park Krajobrazowy.
The range lies in a region of mesas and mountain ranges in the northwest of Arizona's transition zone.
The Sierra Arana or Sierra de Arana, also known as Sierra Harana, is a mountain range in the center of the province of Granada, southern Spain.
They are considered to be part of the Central Eastern Alps.
The highest mountain is Kremenec at 1,221 m AMSL.
Ardennes and Eifel are mountain ranges in Europe that form part of the same volcanic field and also of the Rhenish Massif.
The Arfak Mountains is a mountain range found on the Bird's Head Peninsula in the Province of West Papua, Indonesia.
High Atlas, also called the Grand Atlas Mountains is a mountain range in central Morocco in Northern Africa.
The Dolan Springs community is at the base of the wilderness on the northwestern side of the Cerbat Mountains.
Just southeast of Dickson Peak is Mount Penrose 2634 m, which a cockscomb-like summit which stands immediately above Gun Lake and its resort community.
Important passes are the Nape Pass and the Mu Gia Pass.
There are also many other peaks above 800 m.
The Owl Mountains are very diversified in terms of height.
The Harcuvar Mountains are a narrow mountain range in western-central Arizona, USA.
Other summits include Cayoosh Mountain at 2561 m, Mount Oleg at 2587 m, Saxifrage Mountain at 2501 m, and Mount Rohr at 2423 m.
The Caliente Range is a west-east trending zone of uplift mountains in the California Coast Ranges, in central California.
The Cerbat Mountains is a mountain range in Mohave County in northwest Arizona immediately north of Kingman.
In the geomorphological system, it is a part of the Fatra-Tatra Area.
5,768 feet, is a set of foothills north of Boulder, Montana in Jefferson County, Montana.
The Amtsberge are a relatively small ridge, up to 392.2 m above sea level, near Dassel in southern Lower Saxony in Germany.
The Seaview Range, part of the Great Dividing Range, is a mountain range located west of Ingham in North Queensland, Australia.
It has an area of 8 km2 and is a subrange of the Cariboo Mountains which in turn form part of the Columbia Mountains.
The Snake Range and White Pine County lie 12 km to the north.
The Rand Mountains are located in the Mojave Desert northeast of California City, California and southwest of the town of Randsburg, California.
A number of lookouts on the range provide views towards the coast.
Near the Rolle Pass, at 2,000 m altitude, are the small lakes of Colbricon, home of pre-historic settlements dating to the Neolithic age.
Villages in the area are limited to a few small houses surrounded by palm trees.
Most of the range is located in Chiang Mai Province, with parts in Mae Hong Son and Lamphun Provinces.
There are few trails in the Picket Range, and any excursion there has a strong wilderness character.
The Ferris Mountains are a small mountain range in Carbon County, Wyoming.
North of Connors Pass the range continues into its higher northern section.
A stand of Southern Appalachian spruce-fir forest coats the range's upper elevations.
For decades, Cape Horn was a major milestone on the clipper route, by which sailing ships carried trade around the world.
Busses run from Leutasch on the southern side of the mountains to Mittenwald and Seefeld in Tirol.
Dervent Heights are a hilly ridge in Yambol Province in south-eastern Bulgaria and European Turkey.
The border between Washoe County and Churchill County runs along the ridge.
The Vértes possesses a well-developed valley network, but in spite of this spring and rivers are very rare in the mountain.
The Puente Hills is a chain of hills, one of the lower Transverse Ranges, in an unincorporated area in eastern Los Angeles County, California, USA.
The mountain chains are separated from each other by the impact crater of the Nördlinger Ries.
In ancient times the area was settled by the Volsci.
The Spangler Hills are a low mountain range in the Mojave Desert, in northwestern San Bernardino County, California.
The upper elevations of the southern section of the range are protected as the Santa Rosa-Paradise Peak Wilderness Area.
These mountains separate the cities of Beaumont and Moreno Valley.
Malá Fatra is a mountain range in the Western Carpathians in the north-west of Central Slovakia.
10,609 feet, are a small mountain range northwest of West Yellowstone, Montana in Madison County, Montana.
The Pangaion Hills are a mountain range in Greece, approximately 40 km from Kavala.
The sapphires, called Yogo sapphires as they are mined near Yogo Creek, occur in a formation three miles long and eight feet across.
Its most prominent section is known as the Cabusilan Mountain Range composed of Mt.
The Albula Alps are drained by the rivers Albula, Gelgia, Landwasser and Inn.
John Oxley was the first European to see the range in 1818 as he explored the New South Wales.
There are numerous sandstone outcroppings along the crest of the Peters Mountain and a number of high mountain bogs on Pine Swamp Ridge.
The Partlett Mountains are a mountain range in San Bernardino County, California.
Significant parcels on the Wapack Range have been conserved as state parks, state forests, or properties managed by non-profit land conservation organizations.
The Groom Range is situated 26.6 miles north of the dry Groom Lake.
The western crest, across Sixmile Canyon, includes Mahogany Peak, Hot Creek Canyon, and the rugged Fandango Wilderness Study Area.
In the central part of the range, an offshoot of the mountains to the west is known as the Conger Range.
The Mogods are Mountain ranges of Northern Tunisia, culminating at 500 meters height.
It is part of the Front Range of the Rocky Mountains.
Some geographers include the Dawna Range as the western and the southern part of the Thanon Thong Chai Range.
These small scale mining activities also explain the name of the mountain range.
With a mean peak height of 2,450 metres, the ecology of this landform is semi-desert.
In July 2012 the Nock Mountains and the adjacent Lungau region were designated a biosphere reserve by UNESCO.
At the southern end of the range the site of a large iron ore deposit is currently being developed.
Cordillera Negra is a mountain range in the Andes.
Its highest peak, at 2,862 m is the Hochgolling.
They are on the Tentative list of UNESCO World Heritage Sites 
They contain the Lost Hills Oil Field, the largest oil field in Kern County, and are located in the southwestern San Joaquin Valley.
The endemic Djibouti francolin makes its home here as well as in the Forêt du Day.
Its name comes from the central summit of the massif, the Pic des Trois-Évêchés where there are ridges to the north, west and south.
They stretch from Hluhluwe in KwaZulu-Natal in the south to Punda Maria in the Limpopo Province in South Africa in the north.
The Grapevine Hills are a low mountain range within Anza-Borrego Desert State Park in the Colorado Desert, in eastern San Diego County, southern California.
The Peloncillo Mountains lie in a region of southeast Arizona, southwest New Mexico, northeast Sonora, and extreme northwest Chihuahua called the Madrean Sky Islands.
The Livigno Alps are a mountain range in the Alps of eastern Switzerland and northern Italy, around the Italian village Livigno.
The range runs from northwest Utah County–central, east Tooele County, and ends north at the south shore of the Great Salt Lake.
The Buttes are located just outside Yuba City in the Sacramento Valley, the northern part of the Central Valley.
New Mexico State Highway 4 is the primary road that provides vehicular access to locations in the Jemez Mountains.
Geographically and geologically, it is divided into the higher Western Karawanks and the lower-lying Eastern Karawanks.
They are mostly verdant, although one side of the highest peak, Corno Grande is partially covered by Calderone glacier, the only glacier in the Apennines.
Within this range is Wolverine Canyon, a public area that features sites for hiking, camping, kayaking, rock climbing and other recreational pursuits.
The range is approximately 12 miles long by 9 miles wide in a "V" shape, with Macomb at the point of the V.
They are situated approximately 35 kilometres west of the capital Djibouti City, and 69 kilometres by road from Ali Sabieh.
The highest peak is the Pico Mágina, with an elevation of 2,164 m.
The mountain range is mostly covered by ice fields, with granitic nunataks reaching a height of 1,500 m above sea level.
The Tuscarora Mountains are a mountain range in Elko County, Nevada.
Discontinuity is one of their basic characteristics.
The area is partly owned by the National Trust and sees a large number of visitors every year.
The Newfoundland Mountains are a 20-mile long mountain range located in southern Box Elder County, Utah, United States.
They are home to mule deer, elk, moose, bighorn sheep, black bear, grizzly bear, wolverine, wolves and many smaller species.
Alcalà refers to the town of Alcalà de Xivert located in the plain below the mountains.
A number of caves, some unexplored, exist on the west end of the range, including frozen-walled Ice Cave, usually 40 degrees cooler than outside summer temperatures.
The Kitlope Range is a small subrange of the Kitimat Ranges, located southeast of Kitlope Lake in British Columbia, Canada.
The mountain range is, for the most part, located within Vindelfjällens Nature Reserve.
The Arrow Canyon Range is a small, narrow Basin and Range faulted mountain range that runs south to north in Clark County, Nevada, United States.
Edward Shackleton, also a member of the party, claimed, in 1937, that Humphreys had done so because he was "a great imperialist".
A transmission tower has been erected at their highest point, 150 metres above sea level.
The rock is biotite gneiss, formed by metamorphism of sedimentary and volcanic rocks about 100 million years ago.
They lie in Murray, Carter, Pontotoc, and Johnston counties.
Nearby ranges include the Peloncillo Mountains, across the Animas Valley, and the Big Hatchet and Little Hatchet Mountains, across the Playas Valley.
The Western Sudetes comprise a number of mountain ranges, including:
The mountains are especially popular with hillwalkers, due to their proximity and accessibility from Glasgow.
Bikku Bitti, the highest peak in Libya, is located in the north of the range.
In the south, parts of Stony Creek are preserved in Bellthorpe National Park.
The highest mountain in the Austrian Central Alps is Grossglockner at 3,798 metres.
The Adnyamathanha people are the indigenous inhabitants of the range.
The ridge of the Elk Mountains is formed of harder sandstones.
The western portion of the Castles are moist, while the eastside is dry, porous limestone hills.
West of the Blue Spring and West Hills is a long north-south valley, the Blue Creek Valley.
The extensive stands of woods and variety of landscapes in the Dubrower Berge and surrounding area are used by hikers and cyclists.
The mountains are characteristic of the Great Basin's topography of mostly parallel mountain ranges alternating with flat valleys.
Part of the range is included inside Reinheimen National Park.
The highest point of Naga hills is Mount Saramati.
All these streams are tributary to the Gandaki.
Large portions of the Franconian Jura are part of the Altmühl Valley Nature Park.
The Massive Range is a mountain range of the Canadian Rockies, located in the southwestern area of the Bow River valley in Banff National Park, Canada.
The Park Range is a mountain range in northeast Nye County, Nevada about 40 miles south of Eureka.
The highest peaks in the range are Granite Peak and Santa Rosa Peak.
4,655 feet, is a set of hills in Big Horn County, Montana.
The second highpoint is on the crest of Benson Ridge.
The highest peak in the range is Eagle Peak with an elevation of 9,892 feet.
The Hinterautal-Vomper Chain, also called the main chain of the Karwendel, is the longest mountain chain in the Karwendel Alps in Austria.
The Tank Mountains are east-west trending and about 14 miles long.
The West Coast Range is a mountain range located in the West Coast region of Tasmania, Australia.
The Plott Balsams stretch from the city of Sylva in the Tuckasegee River valley to the southwest to Maggie Valley in the northeast.
The area was part of the Cheyenne-Arapaho reservation until the Land Run of 1892 opened it to non-Indian settlement.
The relatively modest foothills are considered part of the Outer Western Carpathians.
The cliffs at the massif's eastern limit face the city of Grenoble.
The mountains are made of schist, part of the Nason terrane.
It stretches 75 miles, making it a mid-length subrange of the Rocky Mountains.
High annual rainfall is caused by the air forced up by the mountains and accumulating into clouds.
It has an area of 153 km2 and is a subrange of the Boundary Ranges which in turn form part of the Coast Mountains.
The Highland Mountains, highest point Table Mountain, el.
The Date Creek Mountains are a short, arid range in southwest Yavapai County, Arizona.
The Blauberge or Blauberg are a mountain range in the Bavarian Prealps on the border between the states of Bavaria in Germany and Tyrol in Austria.
The Marathon Uplift is a Paleogene-age domal uplift, approximately 78 miles in diameter, in southwest Texas.
The Little Rincon Mountains are a small range of mountains, lying to the east of the Rincon Mountains, at Tucson, of eastern Pima County, Arizona.
They are part of the Blue Ridge Province of the Southern Appalachian Mountains.
Pic Boby, the highest peak, stands at 2658 meters high.
Not to be confused with Cardamom Hills in Tamil Nadu, India.
The Waman Wiqi range is dominated by Kikash.
The Lenne Mountains, or Lenne Uplands, is a range of hills up to 656 m above sea level high in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
The landscape, inside and outside the park, is predominantly forested.
The Vindhya Range is a complex, discontinuous chain of mountain ridges, hill ranges, highlands and plateau escarpments in west-central India.
Fusi Mountain is located in the southwestern part of Ningxiang County in central Hunan Province.
The Lillooet Ranges are the southeasternmost subdivision of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains of British Columbia.
Kopaonik is a major ski resort in Serbia, and after Bulgaria's Bansko, the largest in Southeast Europe.
The chain of mountains that comprises the Sierra de Lema is around 30 kilometres wide.
Sapphire is the birthstone for September and the gem of the 45th anniversary.
The area includes several major quarries like Granite Mountain that mine the distinctive pink granite.
US Route 50 crosses New Pass Summit on the south end of the range between Austin to the east and Fallon on to the west.
Other peaks include Mount Pickering), Mount Cotton), Mount Baring), and Twins).
To the east are the large Steptoe Valley and the even longer Schell Creek Range.
Their highest peak is the 3,778-metre-high Mount Hagen, after which the town of Mount Hagen, 25 kilometres to the southeast, is named.
The range lies just northeast of the community of Grants, and about 60 miles west of Albuquerque.
French Peak) is at the south end and Banded Mountain) lies at the north end of the range.
They extend for approximately 61 miles southeast of the Los Angeles Basin largely along the border between Orange and Riverside counties.
It is the northernmost subrange of the San Rafael Mountains; to the north lies the Sierra Madre Mountains.
At the Atlantic and to the southwest the range drops abruptly and makes an impressive transition to the coast and the Anti-Atlas range.
The Las Guijas Mountains lie 12 km to the southwest.
Vernal pools atop the plateaus fill during the rainy season in winter and spring because the andesite is impermeable.
It has an area of 18 km2 and is a subrange of the Pacific Ranges which in turn form part of the Coast Mountains.
The Smithsonian Institution's Fred Lawrence Whipple Observatory is located on Mount Hopkins.
The Bird Hills are a mountain range in Lassen County, California.
Millions of years of erosion have removed the surrounding exteriors of volcanic cores and softer sandstone rocks.
The Marin Hills are a series of steep high ridges and peaks in southern Marin County.
Elko Mountain, the range high-point, and Grindstone Mountain are the range's only named summits.
Crown Valley in the midst of the range is drained to the south by Rawson Canyon Creek into Tucalota Creek before it enters Lake Skinner.
The Beaverheads are further subdivided into the West Big Hole Mountains, the Big Hole Divide, the Tendoy Mountains, the Italian Peaks, and the Garfield Peaks.
The range is about 25 mi long, running on an axis extending south-south east through Willcox.
Variant names of the Cumberland Mountains include Cumberland Mountain, Cumberland Range, Ouasioto Mountains, Ouasiota Mountains, Laurel Mountain, and Pine Mountain.
There are trough basins in the Nanling, the most of the western basins in Nanling Mountains are composed of limestone, where karst regions are located.
The mountains, in Inyo County on the California side, lie between Highway 178 and Highway 127.
The Brandenberg Alps are a sub-group of the Northern Limestone Alps, that run in front of the Eastern Alps for their whole length.
It is rich in minerals, especially copper, manganese, chromium, and iron.
The Independence Mountains are a mountain range in northern Elko County, Nevada, United States.
It is derived from the family or clan name Mac Giolla Mochuda who are a sept of the O'Sullivan's.
Haystack Mountain, which reaches 8,819 feet, is the tallest peak in the range.
Its highest summit is the Halserspitze, or Halserspitz at 1,862 m.
Virginia Peak is also the site of a doppler radar station.
The term is not defined politically, but alpine-geographically because small areas of the Bavarian Prealps lie in Tyrol.
The Ox Mountains are a mountain range in County Sligo on the west coast of Ireland.
Savoy Prealps encompass northernmost area of the French Prealps.
The inland areas to the north of the Wrangell Mountains are therefore among the coldest areas of North America during the winter.
It consists of two parallel mountain chains, with the valley of the Pa Sak River in the middle.
The range was named for Sir Harry Verney whose son, Sir Edmund Verney commanded HMS Grappler while stationed at the Pacific Station from 1862 to 1866.
The tallest peak in the range is Kaimakchalan at 2,524 m. Adjacent peaks are Starkov grob and Dobro Pole.
At the range's center-northwest foothills, in the north of Ant Valley, is the Hardware Ranch Wildlife Management Area.
They are north of Joshua Tree National Park and adjacent to the Sheep Hole Mountains in the Mojave Desert.
The Clear Range totals 16,270 km² and is 75 km north to south and 35 km east to west.
The Santa Rosa Hills are a mountain range in the Saline Valley the northern Mojave Desert, in Inyo County, California.
The highest point is McKittrick Summit at 4,331 ft, located in the center of the range about 35 mi west of Bakersfield.
Native Americans have inhabited the Table Rocks area for at least 15,000 years prior to European-American settlement.
Judith Peak is the highest summit of this range, with an elevation of 6,428 feet.
It is separated from the Carpathian Mountains by the Moravian Gate.
The Central System, Spanish and Portuguese: Sistema Central, is one of the main systems of mountain ranges in the Iberian Peninsula.
The Kofa Mountains are a northwest-southeast range with an extension northwards meeting the New Water Mountains.
The Aravaipa Canyon Wilderness encompasses the north perimeter of the range, and the large Galiuro Wilderness covers the central-south.
"Wah Wah" is reported to mean "good clear water".
The Buckskin Mountains border the Vermilion Cliffs National Monument of Arizona, southeast.
Most of the peaks can be accessed relatively easily via class one or two routes.
It is located in the Ancash Region, Bolognesi Province.
The Itcha Range resides in the territory of aboriginal peoples who have occupied this region for centuries.
The range is about 22 mi in length and about 4 mi wide at its widest point.
The Dyje–Svratka Valley is a geomorphological feature in Moravia.
The Amargosa Range is a mountain range in Inyo County, California and Nye County, Nevada.
The Conical Range is a small mountain range in southwestern British Columbia, Canada, located between Seymour Inlet and Belize Inlet.
The Burnt Hills are a mountain range in Santa Clara County, California.
Portions of Savage Mountain form the Eastern Continental Divide, separating watersheds draining to the Ohio River and those draining to the Potomac.
They run in a nearly north-south alignment, parallel to the Coromandel Coast for close to 430 km between the rivers, Krishna and Pennar.
The Savoy Prealps are a mountain range in the north-western part of the Alps.
The Kalba-Too is a mountain range in the north Tien-Shan, a branch of the Talas Ala-Too Range.
Ganesh Himal enjoys great vertical relief over nearby valleys, particularly Ganesh NW, being closest to the Shyar Khola.
The community of Warm Springs and U.S. Route 6 are seven miles west of the north end of the range.
Other peaks in the range include Mount Moran), Mount Wister), Buck Mountain) and Static Peak).
The Haddington Range is a mountain range on northeastern Devon Island, Nunavut, Canada.
3,304 feet, is a set of hills northwest of Opheim, Montana in Valley County, Montana, United States.
Other names which are applied to the range include the Val Masino Alps and, to describe the main ridge, Masino-Bregaglia-Disgrazia.
The Northern Hakkōda Volcanic Group emerges from the rim of an 8-km wide caldera that dates back to the Pleistocene.
The Chelan Mountains, or Chelan Range is a mountain range in the U.S. state of Washington.
The Whistler Range is a mountain range in Eureka County, Nevada.
The range is mainly composed of limestones, siltstones, sandstones, conglomerates, and argillites of Paleozoic intruded by granites, granosyenite, and syenite.
It is sometimes called the Great Escarpment of India.
The Meseş Mountains are a mountain range in Transylvania, Romania, which belongs to the Apuseni Mountains.
The Pintwater Range is a mountain range in Lincoln County, Nevada.
Much of the Caribbean areas of the range are still unexplored.
The central Jarbidge Mountains and Marys River Range are also included within the Jarbidge Wilderness.
The mountains are considered a subrange of the Amargosa Range that form the eastern wall of Death Valley.
It is located west of the city of Cali and gives rise to many of the rivers that provide water and electricity to Cali.
Between these two ranges is Happy Valley, a popular destination for locals for camping, hunting, and off-roading.
The divisions of the Carpathians are usually in three major sections:
Several peaks in the Sierra Nevada are intervisible with Cerro Paramillo, a 3,730 m peak  in Antioquia Department.
The hills are a part of Murree hills.
The San Rafael Hills are a mountain range in Los Angeles County, California.
The Kachin Hills are a heavily forested group of highlands in the extreme northeastern area of the Kachin State of Burma.
Both the highest peak in Montenegro, Zla Kolata at 2,534 m and the highest in Kosovo, Gjeravica at 2,656 m, are here.
The most striking natural feature is the Gardens of Ninfa.
This makes its highest point the world's fifth most prominent summit.
Sierra de Los Filabres is the largest 50 km mountain range in Almería Province, Andalusia, Spain.
The base elevation is 3,000 ft, and it rises to 4,953 ft at its peak.
The Rwenzori Mountains National Park and Virunga National Park are located in the range.
It is named after Captain George Bazalgette, commander of the Royal Marines Light Infantry in the Colony of British Columbia.
The range covers an area of c. 3770 km² and is approximately 65 km SW to NE and about 20 km SE to NW.
From the south the range extends from the Baudó River north and slightly west along the coast into Panama terminating at the Golfo de San Miguel.
The range lies mostly in Fergus County, but the southern part of the range extends into Golden Valley and Musselshell counties.
In addition two separate federally designated wilderness areas are part of the Black Rock Range.
The grouping of islands has been referred to as the Mowambini Archipelago, based on the Aboriginal name for the Oscar Range.
They are part of the Blue Ridge Mountain Province of the Southern Appalachian Mountains.
Most of Vietnam lies east of the divide, although Vietnam's Tây Nguyên region lies west of the divide, in the Mekong basin.
Indian pictographs are found in some caves.
A short road connects the parkway to an overlook and a National Park Service visitor contact station and bookstore near the summit of Waterrock Knob.
The Chismore Range is a small subrange of the Kitimat Ranges, located on the western edge of Porcher Island, British Columbia, Canada.
The Owyhee Desert on the edge of the Columbia Plateau extends northeast from the north end of the range.
Jebel Dahar is a low sandstone mountain chain of the Médenine Governorate of Tunisia.
The Abibe Mountains form a natural border between the Departments of Antioquia and Córdoba.
Disaster Peak, elevation 7,781 feet, is another prominent summit in the Nevada portion of the mountains.
It is a continuation of the New England Province and is the southern end of the Hudson Highlands.
The Longview Range is a small mountain range in northwestern British Columbia, Canada, located between Bowser Lake and Surveyors Creek.
The Hog Ranch Mountains are a mountain range in Washoe County, Nevada.
The Serranía de las Minas is a mountainous region in the Central Andes near Puracé National Natural Park in the Department of Huila of Colombia.
All of the eruptions in the contiguous United States over the last 200 years have been from Cascade volcanoes.
The East Humboldt Range is a mountain range in Elko County, Nevada, United States.
The Vontrigger Hills are a low mountain range in the eastern Mojave Desert, in eastern San Bernardino County, California.
The range is within Sawtooth National Forest, while part of it is within the Sawtooth National Recreation Area.
The East Pahranagat Range is a Lincoln County, Nevada, mountain range in the Muddy River Watershed.
Their highest point, at 212.1 m above sea level, is the on the Huttenberg which lies entirely within Saxony.
Another feature includes the "Heaven's Gate Trail" which traverses the length of the range from Willisville in the east to Massey in the west.
Geologically, the mountains are a range of the Appalachian Mountains.
At night the mouth of the canyon is a dangerous area as large herds of deer move into the farmlands for feeding.
This area has a population of about 330,889.
Due north, the range blends into the Flint Creek Range, and to the southeast lies the Big Hole River and Pioneer Mountains.
The Stormbergspruit is a tributary of the Orange River.
The 8-mi long Granite Mountain lies 4-mi north of the range; the mountain is a traveler's landmark with landscape sketches made in the 1800s.
In fact, the south face of Pabil slightly resembles an elephant, with a ridge that is reminiscent of an elephant's trunk.
Within a few kilometres from the town are the Melnik Rock Pyramids and the Rozhen Monastery.
Other summits over 900 metres are regarded as subpeaks due to their low isolation and prominence.
The range is somewhat contiguous with the Topatopa Mountains beyond to the east, which terminates abruptly at Sespe Creek.
The Golden Mountains are a mountain range in the Eastern Sudetes on the border between Poland and the Czech Republic.
The range extends north from the Kuskokwim River and east of the Owhat River.
Ruby River runs along the southeast and east flanks of the range with Ruby Reservoir on the southeast flank.
The highest point in the range is Ryan Peak.
The Itcha Range is a small isolated mountain range in the West-Central Interior of British Columbia, Canada.
The Hunsrück is continued by the Taunus mountains on the eastern side of the Rhine.
Adelbert Range is a mountain range in Madang Province, north-central Papua New Guinea.
At 4,808 metres, Mont Blanc, on the French-Italian border, is the highest mountain in the Alps, and the highest Western European mountain.
Nearby is Honeybee Canyon, a riparian area with one of Pima County's only perennial streams, Honeybee Creek.
6,545 feet, is a set of mountain peaks within the Big Belt Mountains east of Craig, Montana in Cascade County, Montana.
Ile Alatau,, also spelt as Trans-Ili Alatau, etc., is a part of the Northern Tian Shan mountain system in Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan.
The Tank Mountains abut the Palomas Mountains on the south, which are also partly in the wildlife refuge.
The Cordillera Blanca lies in the Ancash region and runs parallel to the Santa River valley on the west.
The Sierra de Chinajá is a low karstic mountain range in Guatemala.
The Blackstairs Mountains run roughly north/south along the border between County Carlow and County Wexford in Ireland.
The Environment and Forest ministry of Govt.
The land was put up for auction in 2007 by State Land Commissioner Jerry Patterson because the property was too difficult to maintain.
The mountains are surrounded by the Sonoran-Chihuahuan Desert.
Geologically, however, they definitely are - and therefore sometimes called the "Western Dolomites".
The Dandenong Ranges are a set of low mountain ranges, rising to 633 metres at Mount Dandenong, approximately 35 km east of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
Wildlife is typical for the Mojave Desert; including coyote, black-tailed jackrabbits, ground squirrels, kangaroo rats, quail, roadrunners, rattlesnakes, and several species of lizards.
The east side of the mountains drops abruptly towards this fault line especially near Woodside and Saratoga.
The Hoggar Mountains, also known as the Ahaggar Mountains, are a highland region in the central Sahara, southern Algeria, along the Tropic of Cancer.
This vast complex of mountains, peaks, plateaus, valleys and gorges traverses the Greek mainland from the Northwest to the Southeast.
The Río Santiago and Cenepa River flow along its eastern slopes on the Peruvian side.
The Sheephead Mountains are a mountain range in Pershing County, Nevada.
3,245 feet, is a set of hills southwest of Opheim, Montana in Valley County, Montana.
The mountain Oksskolten is part of the Okstindan range, and it is the highest mountain in North Norway.
As the Omineca is in the Arctic Ocean drainage and Bear Lake that of the Pacific, the range is part of the Continental Divide.
Sierra de las Minas is a mountain range in eastern Guatemala, extending 130 km west of the Lake Izabal.
The Monts Groulx are a range of tall hills in the geographic centre of Quebec, just east of the Manicouagan Reservoir.
4,085 feet, is a small mountain range southeast of Ekalaka, Montana in Carter County, Montana.
The Kettleman Hills are named after Dave Kettelman, a pioneer sheep and cattle rancher who grazed his animals there in the 1860s.
The others are—from west to east—Lough Awaniareen, Lough Allisheen, Lough Tariff, Lough Brawn, Lugalough
Gebel al-Ain is a plateau in Sudan at the border between the Northern state and North Kurdufan.
The range is drained along the western flank by the Michigan and Canadian rivers, tributaries of the North Platte in North Park.
Human settlement goes back 10,000 years to the area's earliest known residents, the Chinook people.
Some of its peaks are over 6,000 feet – Aasvoëlberg, 35 km west of Sterkstroom, rises to 7,245 feet.
The range lies to the west and north of the main parts of the Franklin-Gordon Wild Rivers National Park.
The principal peaks of the Stillwater Range include Table Mountain), Mount Lincoln) and Job Peak).
The Langkofel Group is a massif in the Dolomites.
This mountain range was named after Mount Saint Elias which had been named in 1741 by the Russian explorer Vitus Bering.
It is located largely within Rocky Mountain National Park, extending north from Trail Ridge Road approximately 15 miles.
It is made up mainly of Jurassic, Cretaceous and Paleogene rocks.
The Bunejug Mountains are a mountain range in Churchill County, Nevada.
The Calico Peaks are geologically and historically colorful mountains in the Calico Mountains Range in the Mojave Desert of San Bernardino County and Inyo County, California.
The highest point of the range is Cerro Oncol, at 715 m.
The range is an offshoot of the Sierra Nevada.
Snow lasts well into late spring in the High Atlas, mostly on the northern faces of the range.
The Admiralty Mountains are divided into the Dunedin Range, Homerun Range, and Lyttelton Range.
The Volcanic Hills are a low mountain range in the Colorado Desert, near the border in southern San Diego County, California.
It is the westernmost range in the Transverse Ranges.
The Orlické Mountains or Eagle Mountains are a mountain range located mainly in northeastern Bohemia in the Czech Republic, forming a subgroup of the Central Sudetes.
Multiple government and non-profit conservation partnerships have been formed with the intention of conserving the Taconic landscape and ecosystem.
The Palos Verdes Hills are a low mountain range on the southwestern coast of Los Angeles County, California.
The range is located in the Cobberas Wilderness area of the Alpine National Park.
The peaks and mountain passes are higher compared to the Eastern Alps, while the range itself is not so broad and more arched.
Phahonyothin Road, part of the AH2 Highway system, crosses the Phi Pan Nam Range area from north to south, between Tak and Chiang Rai.
This mountain group is bounded by the Ross Sea, the Southern Ocean, and by the Dennistoun, Ebbe, and Tucker glaciers.
Jacalitos is derived from a Spanish word meaning "little wigwams".
The area covered by these ranges roughly corresponds with the historical region known as Kham.
Public access is principally found at Angel Lake, a trailhead at the west end of Secret Pass, and via a primitive road at Weeks Canyon/Lizzie's Basin.
A very popular hiking trail, the Grouse Grind, climbs up the steep flanks of Grouse Mountain from the tramway parking lot.
Two biggest are Bojanine vode and Rakoš česma.
Therefore, geographically, they have not always been considered a part of the Dolomites mountain ranges.
It is located near Kirandul town in the Dantewada district of southern Chhattisgarh, India.
The Little Signal Hills are a low mountain range in the Transverse Ranges, in southeastern Kern County, California.
Nervertheless early geologists and topographers had a fundamental agreement about the location and names of the subranges.
Molten rock filled small vents or intruded as bodies beneath the surface and solidified into land rocks.
It was named after the Governor of New South Wales Lieutenant-General Ralph Darling.
The Pacific Crest Trail runs through the wilderness for 32 miles.
The mountain range includes Jostedalsbreen National Park and Breheimen National Park.
It is a linear range bordering the linear San Bernardino Valley of southeast Cochise County, Arizona.
On the east side of the range is the Swan River Valley and on the west side the Mission Valley.
To Squamish people, the local indigenous people of the area, the name of the Tantalus Range is tsekílx.
The high school A.G. West Black Hills is named for the hills.
Cane Creek Mountains is a small mountain range that lies south of Burlington, North Carolina.
The range's highest peak, 4,180-foot Old Speck Mountain, is the fourth-highest peak in Maine.
The Central Oregon Coast Range is directly south of this section with the Southern Oregon Coast Range beyond the central range.
The range was named for Lt. Charles William Wilson who was secretary to the British Boundary Commission.
Mount Lemmon Ski Valley is also notable as it is the southernmost ski destination in the United States.
The Balls are a mountain range within the Sierra Nevada, in Madera County, California.
The range is bounded from the north by the Ili Depression of the Ili River, hence the name.
The highest peak, Sonnenberg, is 484 m above sea level.
Most of its peaks are ice-covered, although nearly all of the southern slopes are ice-free.
A road called the Transfăgărășan runs across the Făgăraș Mountains.
The highest peak in the range is Crusline, which is 355 metres high.
Part of the central Rocky Mountains, the entire range lies west of the Continental Divide of the Americas and drains to the Snake River.
The range stretches from north to south-east almost parallel to the Taraco range north of it.
The gate is between the Upper Morava Vale and the Dyje-Svratka Vale, all in Subcarpathia - Outer Carpathian depression.
The range is named for the Lenape, who are also known as the Delaware Indians.
The Pine Mountain range begins around Lake Harding.
The name is an approximation of a phrase in the Tahltan language meaning "mountains are hard".
Construction of a wind farm in the area started in September 2009.
The Misty Range is a mountain range of the Canadian Rockies located east of the Bighorn Highway within Kananaskis Country, Canada.
Mountains of this range include Mount Sidley, Mount Waesche and Mount Hampton.
Four other summits in the range rise above 6,000 feet, namely 6,240-foot Mount Lyn Lowry, 6,240-foot Browning Knob, 6,088-foot Plott Balsam Mountain, and 6,032-foot Yellow Face.
6,152 feet, is a small mountain range northwest of White Sulphur Springs, Montana in Meagher County, Montana.
The South Virgin Mountains are a smaller mountain range of the eastern Mojave Desert, in Clark County, southeastern Nevada.
It is a subrange of the Baffin Mountains which in turn form part of the Arctic Cordillera mountain range.
The average elevation today is about 520 m which reaches 1100 m at Bhairani Konda and 1048 m at Gundla Brahmeswara.
The Swisshelm Mountains are a small mountain range adjacent to the southwest corner of the Chiricahua Mountains of eastern Cochise County, Arizona.
The town of Hazelton, British Columbia is at the range's southeast corner.
The Sandwich Range extends east-west about 30 miles from Conway, New Hampshire on the Saco River to Campton on the Pemigewasset River.
The Alsek Ranges are the southeasternmost subdivision of the Saint Elias Mountains of the Pacific Cordillera.
The northern section of the range is in southern Thailand, where it is known as Sankalakhiri Range.
Inside Lower Saxony it is the second largest range of hills and the third highest after the Harz and the Kaufungen Forest.
It runs southeast for approximately 75 miles from the Salmon River near the community of Challis to the Snake River Valley near Arco.
The highest lake is in the Hărtopul Leaotei glacial valley.
Patterson, however, decided the provision was not enforceable.
The endangered painted hunting dog once existed in this region, but may now be extirpated due to human population pressures in this region.
The Wrangell Mountains comprise most of the Wrangell Volcanic Field, which also extends into the neighboring Saint Elias Mountains and the Yukon Territory in Canada.
Here ran the most important trade routes from southern Europe to the Baltic Sea and also routes from Moravia to Upper Silesia and Lesser Poland.
The mountains are also referred to as Saxon Switzerland and Bohemian Switzerland in both German and Czech or simply combined as Saxon-Bohemian Switzerland.
The Hodna Mountains are a mountain massif in northeastern Algeria.
Coincidentally they are all of the same karst topography and have the same orogeny, which is not quite the same as the Apennines proper.
The north stretch of the Peloncillo's forms the border between the two counties.
In total, 5300 hectares of land were affected.
Wildlife, like Spanish Ibex, Roe Deer and Wild Boar, is abundant in these lonely mountains.
The Alazani passes through the mountain range affecting the overall climatic conditions in the region.
A western extension of the Sudetes range, it is located on the border of the German state of Saxony with the Czech Bohemian region.
The Delamar Mountains are a mountain range in Lincoln County, Nevada, named after Captain Joseph Raphael De Lamar.
The Cerbat Mountains and the White Hills adjacent north, are the dividing ranges between the Detrital Valley west, and the Hualapai Valley east.
The Badger Mountains is a mountain range in Washoe County, Nevada.
The Colton Hills are a low mountain range in the eastern Mojave Desert, protected within Mojave National Preserve, in Southern California.
The highest peak is Lugnaquilla at 925 metres.
It is the most prominent of a series of parallel ridges that arc through Assam, Nagaland, Mizoram and Burma.
A large part of the Julian Alps is included in Triglav National Park.
The Barnett Hills are a mountain range in Churchill County, Nevada.
In winter the land is usually snow covered.
The range takes its name from the Granatspitze, 3,086 m above sea level
The Granatspitze Group, sometimes also the Granatspitz Group, is a sub-group of the Central Alps within the Eastern Alps.
The Monashee Mountains are a mountain range lying mostly in British Columbia, Canada, extending into the U.S. state of Washington.
The smaller area, about 92,000 acres in size, is protected as the Middle Fork-Judith Wilderness Study Area.
The 11,700 acres Dos Cabezas Mountains Wilderness lies 20 miles east of Willcox, Arizona and 7 miles south of Bowie, Arizona in Cochise County.
The range is almost entirely public land within the Pike National Forest.
It is likely that the local Shoshone people once called the whole range Teewinot, meaning "many pinnacles".
They extend after the river Stryi by the Beskidy Brzeżne.
The Bellunes Alps is the now obsolete name of a mountain range on the southern edge of the Eastern Alps.
The northeast range terminus is Buckskin Gulch.
The Süntel is a massif in the German Central Uplands that is up to 437.5 m above sea level.
Also within this region is Hunlen Falls, among the highest in Canada, located in Tweedsmuir South Provincial Park.
The Blue Ridge Parkway passes along the range's southern section, and is connected to the summit of Mount Mitchell by North Carolina Highway 128.
The Vercors Massif is a range in France consisting of rugged plateaux and mountains straddling the départements of Isère and Drôme in the French Prealps.
Wolke describes the West Pioneers region as an ecological treasure.
The range is located southeast of the Nopah Range, and north of the Shadow Mountains and Interstate 15.
The Paradise Range is a mountain range in San Bernardino County, California.
The Clan Alpine Mountains are a mountain range located in west-central Nevada in the United States.
The mountains lie to the west of the Desatoya Mountains and southeast of the Stillwater Range.
Much of the range is protected by the Mount Wrightson Wilderness.
It lies in the middle of the Taurus Mountains, mostly between the provinces of Kayseri, Adana, with smaller areas within the provinces of Sivas and Kahramanmaraş.
The Teffedest Mountains are a mountain range in southern Algeria.
The Ahklun Mountains are located in the northeast section of the Togiak National Wildlife Refuge in southwest Alaska.
The Salzburg Slate Alps are a mountain range of the Eastern Alps, in the Austrian state of Salzburg.
These mountains are frequently covered in snow in the winter.
The Weeping Wall is a short stretch of the Going-to-the-Sun Road where water cascades over the Garden Wall to the roadway below.
Several coal mines are to be found in the northern part of the range.
Torre is an unusual summit in that it is accessible by a paved road.
Snow is not unusual on the higher peaks, like Verkykerkop, Somerset Sneeukop at 1590 m high and The Triplets in the northern section of the range.
Vegetation includes large swaths of big sagebrush in addition to desert grasses and cottonwood and alder stands.
They are located in southern West Virginia, western Virginia, eastern edges of Kentucky, and eastern middle Tennessee, including the Crab Orchard Mountains.
The Kiso and Akaishi mountains received the name in the ensuing years.
The park contains five historic districts and nine individual listings on the National Register of Historic Places.
The best time of year for climbing in the range is from mid-December to the end of February.
They are in the Inner Northern California Coast Ranges System.
The Surprise Valley with its alkali lakes and the Warner Mountains lie to the west.
The Black Hills of Yavapai County are a large mountain range of central Arizona in southeast Yavapai County.
They are a part of the long Pacific Coast Ranges mountain system.
The Prince of Wales Icefield lies mostly in the range.
Kawagebo is considered sacred for Tibetan Buddhists.
Much of the range is within the Ochoco National Forest.
It is up to about 700 m above sea level and covers and area of 381.9 square kilometres.
Ages of intrusion in the Abajo Mountains fall in the interval from 22 to 29 million years.
The Ruby Mountains are a mountain range, primarily located within Elko County with a small extension into White Pine County, in Nevada, United States.
It forms part of the mountainous spine of the North Island which runs from Wellington to East Cape, including the Tararua and Ruahine ranges.
5,384 feet, is a small mountain range northwest of Hilger, Montana in Fergus County, Montana.
Sierra Salvada is a mountain range situated to the northwest of Burgos, and it is also part of Alava and Orduña.
The Chalk Mountains are a mountain range in Humboldt County, California.
The highest mountain in the Beskids is Hoverla, at 2,061 m metres, located in the Ukrainian Chornohora range.
Adjacent to the national park border is Utladalen Nature Reserve which covers the Utladalen valley and the mountain Falketind, amongst others.
It was named for the city of Valdivia.
to the northwest by the Erg Er Raoui.
The Swan Range is a mountain range in western Montana in the United States.
The Rattlesnake Hills is a 16-mile long anticline mountain ridge in Yakima County and Benton County in the U.S. state of Washington.
To the northwest and west is Buffalo Valley with Buffalo Mountain and the Tobin Range beyond.
They form the northern boundary of Wrangell-St. Elias National Park & Preserve.
The range is considered to be a sub-range of the Jarbidge Mountains.
With its three nature parks, the focus is on walking, cycling and recreation in nature.
The Gap Mountains are a mountain range in eastern Nye County, Nevada.
The range runs beside the two Cathedral Lakes, just one mile southwest of Cathedral Peak.
The area has little to no light pollution to disturb astronomical viewing.
The steep southern slopes of the North Shore Mountains limit the extent to which the municipalities of Greater Vancouver's North Shore can grow.
Tule, at 4,647 feet, and Sombrero Peak, at 4,229 feet above sea level, are the tallest mountains in the chain.
The Sand Hills are a mountain range in Washoe County, Nevada.
It has an area of around 250,000 square kilometers.
To the west is Lake Valley and the Schell Creek Range.
The Iriri River rises in the Serra do Cachimbo and flows for 900 kilometres before joining the Xingu River.
Also known for its biodiversity and scenic character, the ridge has been designated by The Nature Conservancy as a significant area for its conservation programs.
Centennial Wash borders the north of the range and has its junction with the Gila River in the Arlington State Wildlife Area.
The highest point in the range is Loma Prieta Peak 3,786 feet, near which is the epicenter of the 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake.
The Bernese Alps are a mountain range of the Alps, located in western Switzerland.
The Four Brothers are a series of four mountain peaks in Del Norte County, California.
The highest mountain in the range is Barbeau Peak.
At the foot of the range is the town of Gordonvale.
Within the South Downs Environmentally Sensitive Area there are thirty-seven Sites of Special Scientific Interest, including large areas of chalk grassland.
The elevational range of the Sierra de Lema is around 150–1,650 metres above sea level.
These communities supported the gypsum mines in the range during their active period.
The Sierra La Esmeralda range, are a mountain range in northern Sonora, Mexico at the northern region of the Sierra Madre Occidental cordillera.
Sylan, Sylarna, Bealjehkh is a mountain range on the border between Norway and Sweden, in the counties Sør-Trøndelag and Jämtland.
To the south, the Sand Springs Pass separates it from the Sand Springs Range.
The range is part of the Patkai range system and its highest point is 2,157 m high Phawngpui, also known as 'Blue Mountain'.
Mount Ngungun and the Glass House Mountains are located near Beerburrum State Forest and Old Gympie Road.
Petersen Mountain is a mountain range in Washoe County, Nevada.
An ultra-prominent summit is a summit with at least 1500 meters of topographic prominence.
Besides Marvão, Portalegre, Castelo de Vide, Arronches and Alegrete are other important towns in the area of the range.
The Mahogany Hills are a mountain range in Eureka County, Nevada.
The Chic-Choc Mountains, also spelled Shick Shocks, is a mountain range in the central region of the Gaspé Peninsula in Quebec, Canada.
For the current region of Chad, see Tibesti Region.
Predominantly located in the Swiss canton of Schaffhausen, they culminate in the German state of Baden-Württemberg.
The Kofa Mountains of Yuma and La Paz counties in Arizona is the central mountain range of the Kofa National Wildlife Refuge.
The Admiralty Mountains is a large group of high mountains and individually named ranges and ridges in northeastern Victoria Land, Antarctica.
The Chigmit Mountains are a subrange of the Aleutian Range in the Kenai Peninsula and Lake and Peninsula Boroughs of the U.S. state of Alaska.
Impressed by the knee-high grass that fed the large bands of feral horses that roamed, he remarked "the area offers excellent forage and comparative isolation...
The Allyn Range is a mountain range in New South Wales, Australia.
The highest part of the range reaches little over almost 600 m.a.s.l.
The Las Aguilas Mountains are a mountain range in San Benito County, California.
The range was named after Sir Winston Churchill, former British prime minister.
It lies in the districts of Nordhausen in the state of Thuringia and Mansfeld-Südharz in the state of Saxony-Anhalt.
Sierra de Caballos or Sierra de los Caballos is a mountain range in the Maestrazgo and Bajo Aragón comarcas of Aragon, Teruel Province, Spain.
This range is part of the Manti-La Sal National Forest and the southern Rocky Mountains.
The Cabeza Prieta Mountains extend northwest–southeast about 24 miles.
The region's name comes from the Latin word for "edge".
The Sankamphaeng Range, also Sankambeng Range or Sungumpang Range is one of the mountain ranges separating eastern Thailand from the northeast or Isan.
Mount Poondinna is the highest peak in the central part of the range.
The range divides the Bečva and Oder river systems from those of the Turiec and Váh along the European Watershed.
It is often called Mawdish Range with the local people and they have a tale about the misnaming which was made into a story.
The range extends a short distance south of the border in Sonora, Mexico.
This point is not a distinctive mountain summit, but rather the highest point in a plateau, being known as Torre.
Above 1,500 metres the soil is generally poor, sandy and partly lateritized, and becomes very dry in the dry season.
The highest mountain in the range is Mount Eugene.
Hot Creek Range adjoins the range to the south across Long Canyon.
To the west the Milbanke Sound Group is bounded by the Pacific Ocean and elsewhere it is surrounded by adjacent islands that form an archipelago.
The Allegheny Front forms the boundary between the Ridge-and-Valley Appalachians to its east and the Appalachian Plateau to its west.
The highest peaks of the Balkan Mountains are in central Bulgaria.
Towards the east the Huy transitions to the Magdeburg Börde; to the south and southwest it is adjoined by the Harz Foreland and the Harz Mountains.
The Vyškov Gate has been a natural pass between the Bohemian-Moravian province – Bohemian-Moravian Highland and the Carpathians since ancient times.
The physiography of the province is the result of tectonic extension that began around 17 Mya in Early Miocene time.
The region is also a part of the Skagit Range of the Canadian Cascades and contains many rugged peaks.
There is no time-limit for climbing all the peaks.
The Pyramid Lake Indian Reservation occupies the southern third of the range.
The Luera Mountains are a 15 mi long, mountain range in southeast Catron County, New Mexico, USA in the central-southeast of the Plains of San Agustin.
The Laurentian Mountain range is one of the oldest mountain ranges in the world.
Sierra del Merendón is a mountain range extending on the eastern border of Guatemala and Honduras.
Most of the range is public land administered by the Bureau of Land Management.
It is sometimes considered a sub-range of the Wallanka range.
Administratively, the mountainous area is located in the Marina Baixa, Alcoià and Comtat comarcas in the northern part of Alicante province, Valencian Community, Spain.
The Lusatian Highlands or Lusatian Hills form a hilly region in Germany and the Czech Republic.
Mount Sopris, 12,965 ft, north west of Capitol Peak
The Peko Hills are a mountain range in Elko County, Nevada.
For the Selwyn Range in the Canadian Rockies, see: Selwyn Range.
The Southern Rhaetian Alps are a mountain range in the southern part of the Alps.
They span the region between the Alsek River, Glacier Bay and the Kelsall River.
The Făgăraș Mountains are a very popular hiking, trekking and skiing destination in Romania.
Most of the peaks can be accessed relatively easily via class one or two routes.
The state's highest point is located there, measuring 1,118 meters.
California State Route 18 passes through the southern end of the range en route to the Lucerne Valley to the east.
The most famous scenery in the Ennstal Alps is the Gesäuse, a valley where the Enns river breaks through the limestone.
On the southwest they descend into the coastal foothills in the Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton.
The Samuel Black Range is a mountain range in the angle of the upper Toodoggone and the Finlay Rivers in northern British Columbia, Canada.
The discontinuous ranges stretch for over 430 km from Port Pirie to Lake Callabonna.
The Glyderau are a mountain group in Snowdonia, North Wales.
It is located within Akan National Park, about 50 km Northwest of Kushiro in eastern Hokkaidō, Japan.
The Blue Ridge Parkway traverses the slopes of the highest mountains in the Plott Balsam Range, connecting Soco Gap and Balsam Gap.
The Sierra San Antonio is a mountain range in southernmost Arizona state and northern Sonora state.
The Weston-Worle Ridge is a range of three hills just north of Weston-super-Mare.
The Eugene Mountains are a mountain range in Pershing County, Nevada.
The range is one of the Madrean sky islands.
The Isua Greenstone Belt is an Archean greenstone belt in southwestern Greenland.
The Monti Ausoni consist mainly of friable limestone.
This variety in color is due to trace amounts of elements such as iron, titanium, chromium, copper, or magnesium.
Four peaks are found in the range; the highest peak is Smith Peak, 5,242 feet in the northeast, but not easily accessible by road.
Sierra de Aracena is the westernmost mountain range of the Sierra Morena, Andalusia, Spain.
U.S. Route 95 from Las Vegas passes between the two ranges and continues on past the southern margin of the Specter Range toward Beatty.
It is named for three subranges: Baruun Saikhany Nuruu, Dund Saikhany Nuruu and Zuun Saikhany Nuruu.
It is the largest and best-known of the three main such subdivisions of the Canadian Rockies, the others being the Hart Ranges and the Muskwa Ranges.
Beskid Sądecki is a mountain range in the Western Carpathians, which belongs to the Western Beskids.
It is one of the northernmost mountain ranges in the world which in turn form part of the Arctic Cordillera mountain system.
Castle Dome Peak, the high point of the range, is a prominent butte and distinctive landmark.
A small part of the range extends north into southern Eureka County.
The Three Sisters are a mountain range in the Mojave Desert, in Los Angeles County, California.
They were named by Almon Thompson in honour of Joseph Henry, the first secretary of the Smithsonian Institution.
The central-south of the range is anchored by the Timber Mountain massif and on its southeast creates the White River Narrows.
If the Quigg Peak area is truly part of the John Long Mountains, then the highest point in the range would be Butte Cabin Ridge, el.
The Cabinet Mountains are part of the Rocky Mountains, located in northwest Montana and the Idaho panhandle, in the United States.
The Himalayas have profoundly shaped the cultures of South Asia; many Himalayan peaks are sacred in Hinduism and Buddhism.
They are one of only a few ranges within the Rocky Mountains that trend west to east, and the Continental Divide runs along their ridge line.
The Blue Ridge Mountains are a physiographic province of the larger Appalachian Mountains range.
Its highest summit is Trapper Peak, at 10,157 feet.
The central part of the Kopaonik plateau was declared a national park in 1981 which today covers an area of 121.06 km2.
4,800 feet, is a small mountain range southwest of Colstrip, Montana in Big Horn County, Montana.
The range is named for the "bareness" of or lack of trees on the gentle slopes of the range.
Quarried marble was used to create The Tomb of the Unknowns, the Lincoln Memorial, Denver Post Office and other buildings.
The Mono–Inyo Craters are a volcanic chain of craters, domes and lava flows in Mono County, Eastern California, United States.
They lie on the southern edge of the Eifel region.
The mountain range is about 400 km long from northeast to southwest and about 80 km wide.
It is located 280 km north of Punta Arenas, and about 1,960 km south of the Chilean capital Santiago.
It was known to local people as Mar-rong or Mur-rong in 1790.
There is also another smaller group called Piccole Dolomiti located between the provinces of Trentino, Verona and Vicenza.
Pink colored corundum may be either classified as ruby or sapphire depending on locale.
The ranges were named after Sir Richard MacDonnell by John McDouall Stuart, whose 1860 expedition reached them in April of that year.
Another BLM Wilderness Study Area is in the eastern Garnets: the 11,380-acre Hoodoo Mountain WSA.
The range is named after the German Chancellor, Otto von Bismarck.
The Rattlesnake Wilderness includes some lands that were logged extensively in the past, which are slowly regaining their wilderness attributes.
Patterson blocked that option because hunting is not allowed in National Parks, and he desired to maintain hunting rights on the property.
Few people live in or near the Elk Mountains.
This leads to forests that grow with heavy vegetation.
The Oscar Range is a small, low mountain range in the Kimberley region of Western Australia.
Most of the range is the eastern border of the Mojave National Preserve, a National Park Service natural area and park.
It is the highest mountain in Nigeria and the highest mountain in West Africa if Cameroon's mountains, such as Mount Cameroon, are excluded.
The two highest peaks are Łysica, 612 m, and Łysa Góra, 593 m.
To the south is the Pasto Massif and to the north begins the Central and Eastern Andes.
3,848 feet, are buttes or small, flat-topped hills northwest of Lodge Pole, Montana in Blaine County, Montana.
The highest point of the range is the Cerro Alto Mountain in Hudspeth County.
Los Testigos, also known as the Aparamán range, is a mountain chain in Bolívar, Venezuela.
The Palisades are a group of peaks in the central part of the Sierra Nevada in the U.S. state of California.
In the late 1990s a railway tunnel and a spiral was completed, thereby easing travel across the range.
Mount Baker, a much younger volcano, sits on top of lava erupted from Black Buttes Volcano.
The ranges runs from southwest to northeast and parts lie within each of the following states: Táchira, Mérida, Barinas, Trujillo, Portuguesa and Lara.
The winning bid was $652,000, but the sale was canceled on September 18, 2007 after the state said a property map was inaccurate.
The northern of the range is within the Yuma Proving Ground.
The term has different meanings according to the classification of the Alps in use.
The Colorado forms the western perimeter of the mountains; Mittry Lake, on the Colorado is on its northwest.
The Basin and Range Province is a vast physiographic region that covers much of the inland Western United States and northwestern Mexico.
The Brescia and Garda Prealps are a mountain range in the southern part of the Alps.
Howson Range, the highest summit of which is Howson Peak, 2,759 m
Towards the range's northern end it continues as the Barunga Range north of Barunga Gap, approximately 10 kilometres south west of Snowtown.
The Chelan Range is about 40 mi long northwest to southeast and about 8 mi wide, southwest to northeast.
There are at least two known protected overhangs that show fire scoring as evidence of habitation by pre-contact Chemehuevi Indians.
The high mountains have provided many opportunities for scientific research, including neutrino measurements within the Tunnel and impacts of climate change on its highest slopes.
Along their length, the Andes are split into several ranges, which are separated by intermediate depressions.
Serra de Paüls is a mountain range in the northern side of the Ports de Tortosa-Beseit, Catalonia, Spain.
The Saint-Gotthard Massif is a mountain range in the Alps in Switzerland, located at the border of four cantons: Valais, Ticino, Uri and Graubünden.
The Rocky Mountains stretch more than 3,000 miles from the northernmost part of British Columbia, in western Canada, to New Mexico, in the Southwestern United States.
Serra del Turmell, also known as Serra del Mont Turmell, is an over 12 km long mountain range in the Baix Maestrat comarca, Valencian Community, Spain.
The Hengduan Mountains are primarily large north-south mountain ranges that effectively separate lowlands in northern Myanmar from the lowlands of the Sichuan Basin.
The Coso Range is located to the west, and the Panamint Range to the east.
The range is approximately 26 miles long and 8 miles in width and is oriented approximately north south.
Plaster City lies in the Yuha Desert about 5.5 mi east of the east end of the range.
The Mahogany Mountains are a mountain range located on the Nevada-Utah border, located in Lincoln County, Nevada and Iron County, Utah.
Michelle operates the single largest wine making facility in the state of Washington in the town of Paterson.
The summit, reaching a height of 1,230 feet, lies within Sussex County, New Jersey.
The Hagen Mountains are a subrange of the Berchtesgaden Alps.
The Vancouver Island Ranges are a sub-range of the Insular Mountains.
It is part of a much larger mountain range called the Baffin Mountains which in turn form part of the Arctic Cordillera mountain system.
Serra Monte Cristo is a Brazilian mountain range located within the state of Mato Grosso.
Mount Moresby is the highest mountain associated with the Queen Charlotte Mountains, at 1,164 m.
The three states meet at a tripoint on the summit of the Eiskögele).
The San Bernardinos form a significant region of wilderness and are popular for hiking and skiing.
It extends from the Dawna Range for about 400 km along the frontier area to the Kra Isthmus.
The North Branch Potomac River watershed encompasses the southwestern and eastern portions of the ridge.
But the extent of the range exceeds 200 km if the entire chain separating the Caroní and Cuyuni drainage basins is included.
Eternity Range is divided into three main mountain blocks, the major summits in each from north to south being Mount Faith, Mount Hope and Mount Charity.
The Welzheim Forest is a wooded, hill ridge, up to 585.2 m above sea level, in the counties of Rems-Murr, Ostalb and Schwäbisch Hall in Baden-Württemberg.
They lie mostly in Gorno-Badakhshan province of Tajikistan.
The Gray Hills are a mountain range in Lyon County, Nevada.
They are a subrange of the Columbia Mountains, which includes the Selkirk, Monashee, and Cariboo Mountains.
The highest peak of the group, the Cima d'Ambrizzola has an elevation of 2,715 metres.
Since the mid-20th century the rich ecology has increasingly been severely degraded by native forest clearance and subsistence farming, causing extensive erosion of the slopes.
Sierra Maestra is a mountain range that runs westward across the south of the old Oriente Province in southeast Cuba, rising abruptly from the coast.
Blacktail Deer Creek drains the southwest portion of the range and the Blacktail Mountains lie to the southwest.
Many of the old mining camps are now popular sites of summer homes.
The mountains are located in Austria in the federal state of Styria.
The Świętokrzyskie Mountains are a mountain range in central Poland, near the city of Kielce.
The High Sierra Trail crosses the range at Kaweah Gap from Sequoia National Park.
The Lida Mining District and Lida, Nevada are located in the range.
Its length is about 280 km and it stretches from Boom Gorge to Kegen - Karkyrin valley.
The Copper Mountains lie east of Yuma, Arizona and east of the Yuma Desert; also east of the Gila and Tinajas Altas Mountains.
The highest peak rises to 6,469 feet.
The Taunus is a mountain range in Hesse, Germany located north of Frankfurt.
The current relief owes much to glaciation.
The Centennial Range is a sub-range of the Saint Elias Mountains.
The nearest towns are Haenertsburg and Tzaneen.
The Oat Hills are a mountain range in Mariposa County, California.
Large parts are located within the Limestone Alps National Park.
It is located in the Junín Region and in the Lima Region.
The northern section of the Cerbat Mountains is composed mostly of the Mount Tipton Wilderness, with Mount Tipton being its peak at 7,148 feet.
The Black Forest is a large forested mountain range in the state of Baden-Württemberg in southwestern Germany.
It northern boundary is the Cucao Lake, beyond of which the Piuchén Range rises.
Other notable local terrain features include Allison Glacier, which descends from the west slopes of the Royal Society Range into Skelton Glacier.
There are a number of hydro-cascades and dams used for electricity production, irrigation and as tourist destinations.
The West Big Hole roadless area is mostly in Montana and is about 215,000 acres in size.
They were created by the same tectonic processes that resulted in the formation of the Himalayas in the Mesozoic.
The highway is a year-round highway but is at rare occasions closed for short periods during heavy winter weather conditions.
The Ramu River has its source in the range.
They are named after the town of Löwenstein.
The range is home to K2), the second highest mountain in the world, and to three other Eight-thousander peaks.
Wakira River flows through the valley between the two ranges and Jach'a Jawira flows along its southern slopes.
On the east central slope of the Mule Mountains can be found the Copper Queen Mine.
It is located in southern Yuma County, Arizona.
Chinati Mountains State Park, a park of about 40,000 acres encompassing part of the range, is the second largest state park in Texas.
To the south it is separated by the valley of Reintal from the Rieserferner Group.
Two of the most popular canyons are Yellow Fork Canyon and Butterfield Canyon.
Its highest peak is the Cerro San Gil with an elevation of 1,267 m.
Muddy Pass separates the Rabbit Ears range to the east from the Park Range to the north.
There are over 30 wineries located in this area.
This region is mostly barren with vast areas of permafrost.
It extends between 11°47' and 11°56'S and 75°00' and 75°05'W for about 17 km.
Nearby is Helena, Montana, Canyon Ferry Lake, the Missouri River, Townsend, Montana, and White Sulphur Springs, Montana.
The highest point is the Ojo de Agua mountain at 4,140 metres.
The Gila Mountains lie northwest of Safford, Arizona and the Santa Teresa Mountains lie to the southwest across the Gila Valley.
The Sarntal Alps are a mountain range of the Eastern Rhaetian Alps.
They are located on the border between Montezuma and La Plata counties, about 12 miles northwest of Durango.
11,092 feet, is a mountain range southwest of Absarokee, Montana in Stillwater County, Montana.
The nearest mountains are the Verno to the northwest, the Vourinos to the south and the Vermio to the northeast.
The Mitchel Range is a mountain range in San Bernardino County, California.
The Soutpansberg, meaning "Salt Pan Mountain" in Afrikaans, is a range of mountains in far northern South Africa.
Another measurable snow event occurred on 11 February 2016 where 2 inches fell after four years.
The Chaîne des Alpilles is a small range of low mountains in Provence, southern France, located about 20 km south of Avignon.
Area of the Vértes occupies 314 km2.
Other than Laurier, none of these prime ministers have received the honour of also having a mountain named for them in the Premier Range.
Culturally, the region is best known for its Hunsrückisch dialect and through depictions in the Heimat film series.
The mountains are an important source of limestone and oil) and are also popular as a scenic area for local and regional tourism.
Nearby Grouse Mountain features a downhill ski area and tourist attractions which are accessible by the Skyride, an aerial tramway.
The west margin of the range is the broad Altar Valley.
The streams in the mountains are in the Snake River watershed, which is a tributary of the Columbia River.
The Jacumba Mountains lie to the southeast.
As the southern part of the Ankogel Group it belongs to the High Tauern range of the Central Eastern Alps.
The term "arfak" came from the language of the coastal Biak people, meaning "inferior."
2,664-foot Capitol Peak is the highest peak in the range.
Together with the Radstadt Tauern, the Rottenmann and Wölz Tauern and the Seckau Tauern the Schladming Tauern form the major range known as the Low Tauern.
The Pacific Ranges include four of the five major coastal icecaps in the southern Coast Mountains.
It continues to the west where it is broken at Sentinel Gap before ending in the foothills of the Cascade Mountains.
Hurrungane is a mountain range in the municipalities Luster and Årdal in Sogn og Fjordane, Norway.
Jizera Mountains or Izera Mountains are part of the Western Sudetes on the border between the Czech Republic and Poland.
The Fish Creek Range is a mountain range in Eureka County, Nevada.
The range separates the Osaka Plain and the Nara Basin, and forms a natural place for the boundary between the prefectures.
The range runs 140 km along its axis with the highest elevation at 4,337 m. The range is composed of uplifted Paleozoic limestones, schists, and granites.
They took nearly five weeks to cover the 130 miles track over extraordinarily difficult jungle terrain, from 14 October to 20 November 1942.
The Daxue Range or Daxue Mountains are a great mountain range in the western part of Sichuan province in Southwest China.
It is a sub-range of the Madison Range.
The Panachaiko, also known as Vodias in the Middle Ages, is a mountain range in Achaea, southern Greece.
3,478-foot Mount Wolf is on the crest of the range south of Kinsman Mountain.
The Panoche Hills are a low mountain range in the Southern Inner California Coast Ranges System, in western Fresno County, California.
Maximum altitude is 4503 m. Northern slopes are steep and short, while southern ones are gentle.
The Tenmile Range is on the north side of the divide, and the Mosquito on the south.
The town of Sutcliffe lies on shore of Pyramid Lake adjacent to the range.
They stretch from the Nysa Kłodzka River and the Kłodzko Valley in the east to the upper Bóbr in the west.
Dovrefjell is a mountain range in central Norway that forms a natural barrier between Eastern Norway and Trøndelag, the area around Trondheim.
The Sagehen Hills are a low mountain range in Nevada County, California.
It stretches for a total length of 454 km from the west-end of Issyk-Kul to the town Taraz in Kazakhstan.
The Sawtooth Range is a jagged snow-capped mountain range on central Ellesmere Island, Nunavut, Canada.
Physiographically, the range divides into two parts.
It is a subrange of the Torngat Mountains which in turn form part of the southern section of the Arctic Cordillera mountain system.
The Pinaleño Mountains are a remote mountain range in southeastern Arizona.
The river Elbe breaks through the mountain range in a steep and narrow valley.
The Sierra Prieta range is adjacent the northwest perimeter of the Arizona transition zone, mostly known by its perimeter Mogollon Rim.
Dong Phaya Yen or Dong Phya Yen is a mountain range in Phetchabun, Chaiyaphum, Lopburi, Saraburi, and Nakhon Ratchasima Provinces, Thailand.
The Sesvenna Alps are a mountain range located in the Alps of eastern Switzerland, northern Italy and western Austria.
It is located in Vhembe District, Limpopo.
The mountains of the massif consist mostly of granite and gneiss rocks, and at high altitudes the vegetation is an arctic-alpine flora.
The highest point is Loi Leng, at 2,673 m high.
To the south is the South Pahroc Range Wilderness.
To the west and south, across the Wenatchee River and tributaries such as the Chiwawa River are the Wenatchee Mountains.
“Maloti” is also the plural for Loti, the currency of the Kingdom of Lesotho.
The Gebel al-Ain area is more fertile than the surrounding dry savannah, making it a popular grazing ground for the Kababish-nomads dwelling around it.
The drainage to the River Morava of the Danube basin runs finally to the Black Sea.
Pirin is dotted with more than a hundred glacial lakes and is also the home of Europe's southernmost glaciers, Snezhnika and Banski Suhodol.
The Mount Royal Range is a mountain range in the Hunter region of New South Wales, Australia.
Most of the range lies within the Parco Nazionale d'Abruzzo.
The Axolotl Lakes WSA is home to a unique form of indigenous tiger salamander.
The current geomorphological unit in the Czech part of the mountain range is Krkonošsko-jesenická subprovincie.
The Terraced Hills are a mountain range in Washoe County, Nevada.
The north slope of the Centennials rises abruptly 3,000 feet above the Centennial Valley.
It is named after the town of Trzebnica on the northern slope.
The Big Sand Springs Valley and the Pancake Range are to the east.
The Leogang Mountains are separated from the Kitzbühel Alps to the south and the Steinernes Meer to the east by deeply incised valleys.
The Ahklun Mountains have many lakes, some more than 1,300 feet deep.
To the west is the broad Shadow Valley.
Named for Milbanke Sound, this volcanic group straddles on at least four small islands, including Swindle, Price, Lady Douglas and Lake Island.
The Egan Range is a line of mountains in White Pine County, in eastern Nevada in the western United States.
The plateau’s elevation above sea-level is between 1700–1800 m.
The region is home to several large lakes such as Austdalsvatnet and Styggevatnet.
The Fraser River originates in this mountain range, near Fraser Pass.
"Agua Dulce" means "sweet water" in Spanish and refers to pools of non-saline water on the Sonoyta River several miles to the south in Mexico.
The range's foothills stretch into Cabarrus, Anson, Union county, and terminate in the hills of Person County.
The total drop is over 2,500 feet.
For a list of passes, see Passes of the Silvretta and Rätikon Ranges.
The Plott Balsams are a mountain range in western North Carolina, in the southeastern United States.
They are 30 miles southeast of Barstow, California.
The range lies 14 miles west of Marana, Arizona, located on Interstate-10, northwest of Tucson.
The range is named for Joseph "Old Dad" Wallace, a rail worker turned prospector from nearby Kelso.
The granite spires of the group are a popular mountaineering destination.
The Kawich Range beardtongue is a rare plant that is endemic to the range.
West of the Reveille Valley lies the Kawich Range and to the east across Railroad Valley lies the Quinn Canyon Range.
They are located south of Shoshone, east of Death Valley National Park, and west of the Dumont Hills.
It is chiefly composed of bunter sandstone and muschelkalk and has been designated a protected area.
The Nightcap Ranges is a mountain range located in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales, Australia.
The mountain is divided in three principal ridges: Friesland Ridge in the west, Levski Ridge in the centre, and Delchev Ridge in the east.
It has an area of 68 square kilometres and is a subrange of the Pacific Ranges which in turn form part of the Coast Mountains.
Millions of years ago, violent volcanic upheavings and the erosive cutting action of rivers and glaciers combined to form the Marble Mountains.
The Canadian Rockies have numerous high peaks and ranges, such as Mount Robson) and Mount Columbia).
The range lies just east of the north-south Colorado River, and borders south of the east-west, west-flowing Bill Williams River.
The Sierrita Mountains is a minor mountain range about forty miles southwest of Tucson, in Pima County, Arizona.
The complex geologic history of the range has resulted in spectacular scenery, with unusual and eye-catching rock formations.
The vegetation of the range is primarily sagebrush steppe.
The Maloti Mountains, also spelled Maluti, are a mountain range of the highlands of the Kingdom of Lesotho.
The mountains are separated by about 40 km at their northern extreme from the East Andes.
The area is often foggy, and it is believed that the name Kirishima comes from the mountain looking like an island in the fog.
The Plott Hound, a breed of hunting dog, is also named for the Plotts.
The range is located within Salmon-Challis and Caribou-Targhee National Forests.
In the south the hilly region stretches down to the Danube River near Stockerau, separating it from the Alpine Vienna Woods in the south.
The Gurvan Saikhan, is a mountain range in the Ömnögovi Province of southern Mongolia.
The Sawback Range is a mountain range of the Canadian Rockies that stretches from the Bow Valley in Alberta into southeastern Banff National Park.
The hills received their name from the nearby Rancho Los Coyotes; by the 1870s they were being called Coyote Hills.
It is the easternmost of the Border Ranges subdivision of the Canadian Rockies.
The Big Blue Hills are a low mountain range in west Fresno County, in the western San Joaquin Valley of central California.
They are situated mainly on the border of County Sligo and County Leitrim.
The range then descends to Pass Creek Summit, the second road to cross its crest.
It is one of the northernmost mountain ranges in the world which in turn form part of the Arctic Cordillera mountain system.
It runs in the east-west direction, separating Chuy Valley from Kochkor Valley, Suusamyr Valley, and Talas Valley.
The area is southwest in the larger mountain range Jotunheimen and is also part of Jotunheimen National Park.
The Plomosa Mountains are a mountain range in La Paz County, Arizona, running generally south of Bouse, Arizona near the Arizona/California border.
The mountains are traversed by road via the Beartooth Highway with the highest elevation at Beartooth Pass.
Darwin Falls and the Darwin Falls Wilderness are located in the Darwin Hills.
The Pilot Range is located in the White Mountains of New Hampshire in the United States.
The range is a north-south trending range which straddles the Lander-Churchill county boundary for about 16 miles.
2,379 m high Mount Taron, the highest point of the range, is also the highest point of New Ireland.
It is characterised by nutrient poor soils with a low pH and high aluminium content.
Geologically, the area is a broad dome around the Saint Francois Mountains.
The Cordillera Central is a massive mountain range situated in the northern central part of the island of Luzon, in the Philippines.
The highest summit in the Bald Mountains is Big Bald, which rises to an elevation of 5,516 feet.
This mountain chain is also sometimes named Banthat Range, a name which is however also used to refer to the Chanthaburi mountain range.
Most of the range is located in the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina and part of it is in Republika Srpska.
Apart from the tea house, there are few houses, no estates and no shops around the Hervey Range because it is mostly preserved wetlands.
High point of the range is Artillery Peak, 2,917 feet above sea level.
A tramping track follows the ridge line of the entire range.
The San Juan and Uncompahgre National Forests cover a large portion of the San Juan Mountains.
The range is noted for its height and ruggedness.
The West Silver Bell Mountains are a small 10 mile long mountain range of south-central Arizona, United States.
The north-west ridges include Obidowiec, and the peak of Suhora) featuring an astronomical observatory owned and operated by the Pedagogical University of Kraków.
Nevada State Route 278 passes the east margin of the range in Garden Valley and continues on about 25 miles southeast to Eureka.
Its northern boundary is the Chacao Channel, while to the south it is separated from the Pirulil Range by Cucao Lake.
The Bull Valley Mountains are a 30-mi long, mountain range in southwest Utah, located in northwest Washington County.
The range runs roughly NW-SE for approximately 100 miles.
The Vallecito Mountains are located in the Colorado Desert, in eastern San Diego County, Southern California.
The Bureau of Land Management manages 80.7% of the Sulphur Spring Range, and 19.3% is privately held.
The massif varies dramatically based on slope and altitude.
It has an area of 188 km2 and is a subrange of the Vancouver Island Ranges which in turn form part of the Insular Mountains.
Wildlife in the West Pioneers includes elk, black bear, moose, pine marten, wolverine, and northern goshawk.
This approximately 55-mile-long mountain range contains mountains as high as 3,547 feet for Bone Mountain.
The highest point of the range is 2,004 m high Mount Babor.
Bavarian Alps is a summarizing term of several mountain ranges of the Northern Limestone Alps in the German state of Bavaria.
Locals often refer to the whole mountain range as "Mount Graham", in which case the peak is referred to as "High Peak".
8,622 feet, is a small mountain range south of Virginia City, Montana in Madison County, Montana.
The range is the headwaters for the Burdekin River, the Herbert River and contains Wallaman Falls.
The Ogo Mountains, also known as the Galgodon Highlands, are a mountain range in Somaliland.
In July 2014, the lightning-caused Chiwaukum Creek Fire burned the east flank of the Chiwaukum Mountains.
To their southeast is the Nechako Plateau, including the Quanchus Range on the near-island between Ootsa and Eutsuk Lakes of the Nechako Reservoir.
Amatola, Amatole or Amathole are a range of densely forested mountains, situated in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa.
The Great Smoky Mountains border the Plott Balsams to the north and the Great Balsam Mountains border the range to the south.
The mountains owe much of their present topography to the effects of the last ice age, which deepened the valleys and created corrie and ribbon lakes.
The Witteberg Series has yielded fossil fragments of Lepidodendron-like plants and large numbers of the ichnogenus known as Spirophyton.
Living beneath tussocks and mountain flax, these snails have survived summer grazing by sheep and cattle in the past.
The location is also a popular starting point for hikers.
The Schell Creek Range is a linear mountain range in central White Pine County, in east-central Nevada.
Evidence of both thrust faulting and strike-slip faulting is present in the Plomosa Mountains.
This area also has some interesting tufa formations.
The range lies to the north of the Granite Mountains and south of the Owlshead Mountains, and reaches an elevation of 1,555 meters above sea level.
The Great Dividing Range, or the Eastern Highlands, is Australia's most substantial mountain range and the third longest land-based range in the world.
They rise just east of the little ancient town of Römhild in the county of Hildburghausen.
The Great Smokies are part of an International Biosphere Reserve.
A high point is Scott Mountain Summit, a mountain gap-pass at 5,554 feet in elevation.
The Glockner Group lies in Austria in the federal states of Salzburg, Tyrol and Carinthia.
There are six alpine lakes in the Albion Mountains.
The Chinatis were extensively mined for silver from the 1860s through the 1910s.
Both ranges slope north towards flatlands south of the Sevier Lake region,, and San Francisco Mountains.
Dientes de Navarino are a mountain range in Navarino Island, Chile, located just south of Puerto Williams, along the Beagle Channel coast.
Despite the name, they stand in southern Moravia, east of Brno.
The Flints have the typical Rocky Mountain fauna, including a few mountain goats.
These Devonian reefs are exceptionally well preserved.
The range's broad southern end is near the community of Big Pine, where Westgard Pass and Deep Springs Valley separate it from the Inyo Mountains.
The Balkan mountain range is a mountain range in the eastern part of the Balkan Peninsula.
The Serranía de Los Motilones is a mountain range in the Cordillera Oriental of Colombia and Venezuela.
The summit in the Range is Flinders Peak reaching 679 m above sea level.
It has an area of 179 km2.
The mountains dominate the Lyngen Peninsula, which is bordered by the Lyngen fjord to the east, and the Ullsfjorden to the west.
The Dachstein Massif proper with its highest peak, the Hoher Dachstein)
The range lies just to the south of Interstate 15 near Mountain Pass.
Their tallest peak is Mount Veyrier, at 1 104 m].
They are not visibly connected to each other, with each outcrop being separated by flat expanses of plains and sand dunes.
Meili Xue Shan or Mainri Snow Mountain is a mountain range in the Chinese province of Yunnan.
The section of the Great Dividing Range between the Ramshead Range and Dicky Cooper Bogong in the Snowy Mountains is known as the Main Range.
Some Important Visitor Attractions along the Erramala Hills are as follows
The Verwall Alps or Verwall Group are a mountain range of the Central Eastern Alps at the border of the Austrian states of Tyrol and Vorarlberg.
The Ankogel Group is a sub-group of the Central Eastern Alps.
The western slope is more gentle, forming significant plateaus before descending to the banks of the Mekong.
The Garnet Range, highest point Old Baldy Mountain, elevation 7,511 feet, is a mountain range northeast of Drummond, Montana in Powell County, Montana.
It extends over 160 km from north-east to south-west in the extreme north-eastern finger of Uzbekistan's Tashkent Region.
In the Ainu language it is known as Nutapukaushipe or Nutaku Kamushupe.
To the north, the mountain range terminates at the northern shores of Luzon along the Babuyan Channel in Ilocos Norte and Cagayan provinces.
Beer Bottle Pass is at the northern end of the range, east of Roach Lake.
To the est, the mountain range extends across the Hazen Plateau while, to the west, it runs virtually to the head of Tanquary Fiord.
It is primarily in the state of Oaxaca, and extends north into the states of Puebla and Veracruz.
The majority of the range is part of the Black Rock Desert-High Rock Canyon Emigrant Trails National Conservation Area.
The Virtue Hills are a mountain range in Baker County, Oregon.
The Cévennes are named Cemmenon in Strabo's Geographica.
The range is the mountainous region west of Prescott, with prominent Thumb Butte, 6,514 feet, a volcanic plug, on the city's west perimeter.
Adjacent to the northwest side of the range is a desert playa of the broad Kumiva Valley.
The main summit of the Wetterstein, the Zugspitze, is also the highest mountain in Germany.
In line with and to the west of the Los Testigos chain lies the Los Hermanos massif, which consists of two upland peaks: Amaruay-tepui and Padapué-tepui.
The municipalities that surround the massif are Chigorodó, Mutatá, Tarazá, Cáceres and Caucasia in Antioquia.
11,393 feet, the highest point in the Beaverheads, is in this roadless area.
The mountains lie within the Ural geographical region and significantly overlap with the Ural Federal District and with the Ural economic region.
They form part of the western edge of the Rio Grande Rift Valley, fronting the La Jencia Basin.
With an average elevation of 1,301 metres above sea level, is the four highest point in Djibouti, they are situated near the border with Ethiopia.
It is typically blue in color, but natural "fancy" sapphires also occur in yellow, purple, orange, and green colors; "parti sapphires" show two or more colors.
Shoshone Mountain is a mountain range in Nye County, Nevada.
Haggin, Warren Peak, and East Goat Peak.
Other notable summits include the Pinnacle, which overlooks the Sylva area to the south, 5,810-foot Blackrock Mountain, and 5,875-foot Campbell Lick, which overlooks Maggie Valley.
A significant part of Bulgaria's hydropower resources is located in the western areas of the range.
The mountain ridge forms the northern part of the line of control separating the unrecognized Nagorno-Karabakh Republic from Azerbaijan.
Chatyr-Tau or Chatyrtau is an upland near Aznakayevo, Tatarstan, Russia, sometimes referred as an only range of Tatarstan.
The Baldwin Hills are a low mountain range surrounded by and rising above the Los Angeles Basin plain in central Los Angeles County, California.
At the extreme eastern end of the Pine Mountain ridge, it is intersected by the Flint River, forming the steep bluffs of Sprewell Bluff State Park.
It is higher than the ridges of the Cumberland Plain around it and has steeper slopes.
The Elster Mountains is a small range of mountains, in Saxony and the Czech Republic, to the west of the Ore Mountains.
According to Luis Lliboutry the Wet Andes can be classified after the absence of penitentes.
From a point about seven miles north of Carlin, the range rises to Swales Mountain, at an elevation of 8,068 ft.
Much of the terrain is still loose dirt, interspersed with sandstone and occasional quartz veins.
The highest peak is Mount Blakiston, at 2,910 m.
To the north and northeast lie the Carrizo Badlands, the Carrizo Valley and the Fish Creek Mountains.
The range is considered to be a sub-range of the Jarbidge Mountains.
Logging is a major industry in the range in both private and government owned forests.
By contrast, the highest peak outside Asia – Aconcagua, in the Andes – is 6,961 metres tall.
Soil horizon - mainly sand, fluvisol and loess, partly chernozem .
The average annual temperature above the height of 350 meters is 9.5 C. The average annual precipitation is 640 millimeters.
The Mohawk Mountains is a mountain range in the northwest Sonoran Desert of southwest Arizona.
Their western boundary is the Grand Pacific Glacier, beyond which is the Fairweather Range, another subdivision of the St. Elias Mountains.
A cable-car service runs from Pranzaira to the Albigna lake, and the Albigna hut is a further 30–45-minute walk up the east side of the barrage.
The Kit Fox Hills are a mountain range in Inyo County, California.
The Calumet Mountains are a mountain range in San Bernardino County, California.
These are relicts of the ice age when the range of California fan palms was much larger than its isolated groves today.
The Serra del Cadí is a mountain range in the north of Catalonia, Spain, part of the Pre-Pyrenees.
The mountain range is amongst an eleven-mountain sequence of north-trending ranges and valleys in the hottest region of the Sonoran Desert.
The mountain range reach heights of more than 1,000 m, with the highest peak being more than 1,180 m.
The Tottenham Range are a small mountain range in southwestern British Columbia, Canada, located between Seymour Inlet and at the head of Belize Inlet.
Many scientists, particularly French scientists, make yearly expeditions to observe the community and their living system.
To the East they are limited by the subcarpathian hills along a line running approximatively from Piatra Neamţ to Moinești.
The Entiat Range is relatively narrow east to west and long north to south.
2,799 feet, is a set of hills northeast of Glasgow, Montana in Valley County, Montana.
The green-tinted waters of Emerald Lake provide a nice contrast to the red rock of Red Mountain.
It has an area of 113 km2 and is part of the Vancouver Island Ranges which in turn form part of the Insular Mountains.
The principal peaks in the Truckee Range are Black Warrior Peak at 6,338 feet, Juniper Peak 7,209 feet and Two Tips 7,074 feet.
Royal are located north of Peak 1.
The range is partly within the High Rock Canyon Wilderness.
The Nopah Range is located in Inyo County, California, United States, near the eastern border with Nevada.
They are located in northeastern San Bernardino County.
Precambrian rocks are present in this range, but absent in the ranges further east, such as the Khun Tan Range.
The mountain range's name means Two Heads in Spanish, for the twin granite peaks, Dos Cabezas Peaks, that sit atop the range.
The highest mountain in the range is Commonwealth Mountain 2,225 m. The United States Range is immediately to the east of the Challenger Mountains.
The southern slope of this mountain range, whose rivers flow to the mediterranean sea, is included in the province of Burgos.
It starts near sources of the Araxes river and stretches from the south bank as far west as Mount Ararat.
The range is one of the four main areas of chalk downland in southern England.
The Atna Range is a small subrange of the Skeena Mountains of the Interior Mountains, located in northern British Columbia, Canada.
The Little Chuckwalla Mountains are a mountain range in Riverside County, California.
The Shulaps Range is a subrange of the Chilcotin Ranges subset of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in southwest-central British Columbia.
The volcanic units include widespread basaltic flows, dacitic flows and tuff, and rhyolitic domes and flows and basaltic cones and flows.
The range's unique and varying environment allows it to maintain some of the greatest biodiversity in the state.
The mountains are mainly composed of crystalline rocks, consistent with the makeup of the northern rim of the highlands of Bohemia.
3,553 feet, is a set of hills near Ekalaka, Montana in Carter County, Montana.
Ilú- and Tramen-tepuis are often treated together since they are joined by a common base.
To the northeast across the Palomas Plain lies the Little Horn Mountains and the adjacent Eagletail Mountains Wilderness.
The Continental Ranges is a name for a major grouping of mountain ranges in the Rocky Mountains located in eastern British Columbia and western Alberta.
The principal summits of the central massif, sometimes referred to as the Cathedral Group, are Grand Teton), Mount Owen), Teewinot), Middle Teton) and South Teton).
The Tushars are bounded roughly by I-15 to the west, I-70 to the north, US–89 to the east and U–20 to the south.
The road between the two parts of the county goes through the Barnesmore Gap.
The Hannan Range is a mountain range in Pershing County, Nevada.
In addition, the Goethe Way runs from Hafelekar Station along the arête eastwards to the Pfeis Hut north of the Rumer Spitze.
The mountain is named after Perun, the highest god of the Slavic pantheon and the god of thunder and lightning.
The Hainberg is a hill range, up to 299 metres high, northwest of the Harz Mountains in the eastern part of Lower Saxony, Germany.
Catalunyan Saddle was occupied by a bivouac of the Tangra 2004/05 Exploration team on 14–16 December 2004.
While only moderately tall, they are particularly narrow.
The Tendoy Mountains are a small mountain range northwest of Lima in Beaverhead County in the U.S. state of Montana.
The age of the most recent volcanic activity is also unknown.
Yellow Fork Canyon is home to a trail administered by Salt Lake County and numerous gated communities.
The ranges run southwest-northeast between the Venezuelan-Colombian border and the Venezuelan coastal range.
It is located in the northern part of Huelva Province.
The Stepladder Mountains are located in southeastern California in the United States.
The Lesser Caucasus runs parallel to the Greater about 100 km south.
The Serra de Rubió is a mountain range located in Catalonia, Spain.
Both the Flinders-Goolman Conservation Estate and the Flinders Peak Conservation Park are located along the Teviot Range.
Originally a subaqueous volcano, it erupted out of the floor of glacial Lake Bonneville approximately 15,500 years ago.
The Granite Range is a mountain range in Washoe County, Nevada west of the town of Gerlach and the lower Black Rock Desert playa.
Farallones de Cali is a cluster of mountains in the West Andes of Colombia.
The South Pahroc Range is a mountain range in Lincoln County, Nevada.
At the north end of the range is Kennecott's smelter complex which refines ore concentrates from the mine into useful metals.
The Appalachian Trail traverses part of the crest of Peters Mountain.
Most of the range is included within the Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest.
They are located to the immediate south of the community of Christmas Valley; just off of Old Lake Highway.
The Grampian Hills are a mountain range in Klamath County, Oregon.
It is of volcanic origin and located in the southwest of the state in the counties of Emmendingen and Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald.
The mountainous New Brunswick "panhandle" is located in the Notre Dame range as well as the upper reaches of the Connecticut River valley in New Hampshire.
Las Colinas are a mountain range in Kings County, California.
The Blackall Range is a mountain range in South East Queensland, Australia.
The Plomosa ghost town and mining camp lie on the southwest side of the range.
These are the highest elevations at so southerly a latitude in the eastern half of the continental United States.
The Stubai Alps is a mountain range in the Central Eastern Alps of Europe.
Dense monsoon forests including rosewood, sandalwood, teak, and sago palms cover most of the region, which helps the coffee and tea plantations and teak plantations grow.
The anti-cline includes two component ridges in Maryland, Little Savage Mountain and Big Savage Mountain.
Spessart is a Mittelgebirge, a range of low wooded mountains, in the States of Bavaria and Hesse in Germany.
The range as a whole had no Venda name, as it was instead known by its sub-ranges which include Dzanani, Songozwi and others.
The Sentinel Range is a major mountain range situated northward of Minnesota Glacier and forming the northern half of the Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica.
The Mallard Hills are a mountain range in Elko County, Nevada.
The Mambilla Plateau is a plateau in the Taraba State of Nigeria.
The mountains are home to the Bakossi people.
It includes more than 10 mountains over 10,000 feet.
Black Mountain is a small mountain range in eastern Slovakia.
The height of the mountains gradually increases from west to east, sloping up towards the Continental Divide.
This is due to its proximity to the Amazon lowlands with its associated moist air masses.
The Tortolita Mountains are a modest mountain range northwest of Tucson, Arizona, USA, at the northern boundaries of Oro Valley and Marana, two suburbs of Tucson.
The mountains are home to the Eagle Nest Mine and reach an elevation of 1,030 meters,.
The Nass Ranges include the Tseax Cone, an active volcano which killed 2,000 Nisga'a people.
The range is located entirely within Misty Fjords National Monument.
Most of the Swartberg Mountains are above 2000 m high, making them the tallest mountains in the Western Cape.
Its highest peak reaches up to 2504 m.
It is traversed at its southern end by Rabbit Ears Pass which carries US 40.
The highest peak in the range is Mount Harmsworth, a prominent ice-covered peak, 2,765 metres, at the NW side of the head of Delta Glacier.
Minor eruptions of Mount St. Helens have also occurred since, most recently from 2004 to 2008.
It is located in the eastern San Francisco Bay area south to the Salinas Valley area of northern California, the United States.
Maple Mountains is a mountain range of the Slovak-Moravian Carpathians that forms part of the border between the Czech Republic and Slovakia.
The Crystal Range is a small chain of mountain peaks in the Desolation Wilderness in the U.S. state of California.
The Tumey Hills are a low mountain range in the interior California Coast Ranges, in western Fresno County, California.
The range forms a portion of the Continental Divide, and its eastern flanks are drained by the headwaters of the Arkansas River.
Dedicated fell runners attempt to hike all twelve peaks in a single day.
They are "glacier-carved granite domes" and have been described as "looking like smooth scoops of butterscotch ice cream".
Attractions in the Northern Hills include Spearfish Canyon, historic Deadwood, and the Sturgis Motorcycle Rally, held each August.
The range is named after the explorer Ludwig Leichhardt.
The last eruption was 6,000 to 7,000 years ago.
The Sierra Nevada has a significant history.
The chain is mostly made of porphyry rocks.
The Palo Verde Mountains are a mountain range in northeastern Imperial County, California.
San Leandro Creek drains the canyon along the eastern slope of the hills.
It has an area of 451 km2 and is a subrange of the Monashee Mountains which in turn form part of the Columbia Mountains.
The Crowcamp Hills are a mountain range in Harney County, Oregon.
It is the northernmost subrange of the Insular Mountains.
For the much larger range straddling the border between Yukon and the Northwest Territories, see Selwyn Mountains.
The Shadow Mountains lie to the north of the small community of Halloran Springs, next to Interstate 15.
They are built mainly of flysch deposits and their high sediments in both Bečva rivers valleys.
They are bisected by Minnesota Glacier to form the Sentinel Range to the north and the Heritage Range to the south.
A viewing tower called the Müggelturm has been erected on the hills with a view of the Müggelsee and the Berlin-Müggelberge TV Tower.
The hills contain the source of the River Goul, which flows north and the Kings River which flows southwards from the hills.
Shallow, stony soils in the Hueco Mountains support oak, juniper, and some mesquite.
Access to the valley and the mountains of the range is made on foot through an established trail system starting at Jagat, Lamabagar VDC.
They consist of two ridges oriented northwest to southeast, separated by the valley of Glenmore with the Big River running through it.
They were formed when Permian, Triassic, and Jurassic rocks were slowly uplifted by volcanic eruptions to form the Clarno Formation.
The northern extension of the Wasatch Range, the Bear River Mountains, extends just into Idaho, constituting all of the Wasatch Range in that state.
It is the remains of the ancient eruption of a gigantic volcano.
The highest mountain in the range is Outlook Peak at 2,210 m. The range has an area of 42,865 km2.
The large basin of the Jelenia Góra valley is situated at the northern foot of the Karkonosze, between the Rudawy Janowickie and the Jizera Mountains.
Just to the north of the Aleutian Range are the Tordrillo Mountains, the southeasternmost extent of the Alaska Range.
The Blow Sand Mountains are a mountain range in Churchill County, Nevada.
The peaks of the Kitakami mountains include the following:
The Pavant Range is a mountain range in central Utah east of Fillmore.
Pirin is noted for its rich flora and fauna, as well as for the presence of a number of relict species.
The Huy Forest is one of the largest, almost pure beech forests of central Europe.
The Las Lomas are a mountain range in Kings County, California.
The external range consists of Hainburg Hills, Malé Karpaty, Považský Inovec, Strážovské vrchy, Malá Fatra, Tatras.
Though long, the range is only about 35 kilometres wide.
According to Mackay, they found it dry and covered with a layer of sand.
The Beady Range is a subrange of the Stikine Ranges, located northeast of northern Dease Lake in northern British Columbia, Canada.
Elevations range from about 6,000 feet at the mountain front to 9,393 feet in the southern Wah Wahs.
This range is located at the confluence of the Cantabrian Mountains and the Macizo Galaico.
The Pyramid Hills are a mountain range in the interior California Coast Ranges, in western Kings County, California.
The summit of Chinati Peak is broad and relatively flat, but it is surrounded by cliffs and brush-filled drainages on all sides.
The Berchtesgaden Alps are a mountain range of the Northern Limestone Alps, named after the market town of Berchtesgaden located in the centre.
It is composed of granites and basalts and formed a promontory extending northwards into the Jurassic sea.
They lie between the Little San Bernardino Mountains to the west, and Eagle Mountains to the east and the Hexie Mountains to the north.
The Cabeza Prieta Mountains comprise the entire western region of the Cabeza Prieta National Wildlife Refuge -- about twenty percent of its total area.
The Vaca Mountains are a mountain range in Napa and Solano Counties, California that is one of the California Coast Ranges.
It is the third-highest summit in the Lillooet Ranges after Skihist Mountain and Petlushkwohap Mountain, which are in the Cantilever Range west of Lytton.
The Elkhorn Mountains are a mountain range, part of the Blue Mountains, in the northeastern part of Oregon in the United States.
This range includes the following mountains and peaks:
Often but not always a geographical feature can be found that lends itself to being a border.
The Austrian states of Tirol and Vorarlberg are connected by a pass road.
By the 6th century BC, the Celtic La Tène culture was well established.
The Williams Range is a small subrange of the Kitimat Ranges, located on the southwestern end of Denny Island, British Columbia, Canada.
This article is for the mountain range in Montana.
The Rabbit Ears Range is a mountain range of the Rocky Mountains in north central Colorado in the United States.
The Knockmealdown Mountains is a mountain range located on the border of counties Tipperary and Waterford in Ireland, running east and west between the two counties.
The Kuskokwim Mountains begin in the interior west of Fairbanks.
The Hills separate the Santa Maria Valley and Santa Maria to the north, from the Los Alamos Valley and the Santa Ynez Valley to the south.
The Telephone Hills are a low mountain range in the interior California Coast Ranges, in western Kern County, California.
The Lusatian Mountains are a mountain range of the Western Sudetes on the southeastern border of Germany with the Czech Republic.
The Tucson Mountains, including Wasson Peak, are one of four notable mountain ranges surrounding the Tucson Basin.
A mountain pass in the Plessur Alps is the Strela Pass, from Davos to Langwies, elevation 2,377 m.
The Dezadeash Range is a mountain range in southern Yukon, Canada, located east of Haines Junction and south of the Alaska Highway.
The Pirin Mountains are a mountain range in southwestern Bulgaria, with Vihren at an altitude of 2,914 m being the highest peak.
It is part of Jumgal mountain system which includes also ranges Sandyk, Kara Moynok, Kindik, and Oy Kaiyn.
The Clark Range is a subrange of California's Sierra Nevada in Yosemite National Park.
The city of Ephrata, Washington, at the east end of the hills, was originally called Beezley Springs, named after horse rancher Frank Beezley.
It stretches from the village Monastiraki, near Vonitsa, in the north to Astakos in the south, with a total length of nearly 40 km.
The area is highly mineralized and figured in the gold and silver mining industry of early Colorado.
Millions of acres in the mountains are managed by the United States Forest Service.
The origin of the name is the Paiute or Koso word Panümünt or Pa and nïwïnsti.
The Saddle Peak Hills are a mountain range in the Mojave Desert, in northern San Bernardino County, southern California.
The mountain range is covered with beech forests.
The Mission Mountains or Mission Range are a range of the Rocky Mountains located in northwestern Montana in the United States.
The Elk Mountains are a mountain range in Elko County, Nevada, United States.
The Boulder Mountains are a mountain range running north–south west of Boulder between Helena and Butte in the U.S. state of Montana.
It extends between 10°21' and 10°31'S and 76°41' and 76°50'W for about 20 km.
The summit on State Route 58, which crosses the range, is at 3,750 feet above sea level.
It has an area of about 35,000 hectares, encompassing most of the territories of the comuni of Baunei, Dorgali, Oliena, Orgosolo and Urzulei.
The highest Rwenzori peaks are permanently snow-capped.
They are not very big, and dedicated fell runners run from Maumeen in the south to Leenaun in the north in a single day.
The wildlife of the mountains includes peregrine falcons, griffons and Apennine wolves.
They are one of the eastern limits of the Fremont Valley, and in the Mojave Desert.
The mountains reach an elevation of 4,613 feet above sea level just east of Amboy Road, which the range crosses.
The Grinnell Range is a mountain range on northwestern Devon Island, Nunavut, Canada.
Clark Mountain, at 7,929 feet above sea level, is the principal peak of the range.
It is bounded by the Rhine valley to the west and south.
The range is named after historian Benjamín Vicuña Mackenna.
The Ciervo Hills are a low mountain range in west Fresno County, in the western San Joaquin Valley of central California.
The eastern and part of the central Blouberg prominences are enclosed and protected by the Blouberg Nature Reserve.
It is bounded to the east by Baffin Bay, Davis Strait and the Labrador Sea while its northern portion is bounded by the Arctic Ocean.
They are named after the river Plessur, which originates from the center of the ranges.
They are part of the Lower Eichsfeld region and are located in the county of Eichsfeld, North Thuringia, Germany.
This area is predominantly semiarid sagebrush grassland with pockets of coniferous forest, large areas of quaking aspen, and alpine peaks.
Mount Poroshiri is the highest at 2,053 m. The Hidaka Mountains separate the subprefectures of Hidaka and Tokachi.
The highest point in the range is Chinati Peak, with an elevation of 7,728 feet.
The Wetterstein mountains are an ideal region for mountaineers and climbers.
The range is about 12 miles wide at its widest.
The mountain range is also referred to variously as Annamese Range, Annamese Mountains, Annamese Cordillera, Annamite Mountains and Annamite Cordillera.
Sierra de las Nieves is a mountain range of the Penibaetic System in Málaga Province, Andalusia, Spain.
It is named after the village of Sack in the borough of Alfeld, the name meaning "Sack Forest".
The highest peak is Atascosa Peak at 6,440 feet; adjacent to the northeast is Ramanote Peak, 6,047 feet.
Parts of the range have been included in the Sierra Nevada National Park.
Wildlife includes rattlesnakes and pronghorn on the grass-covered lower elevations and deer and black bear higher up.
Gordon Peak with an elevation of 8,478 ft lies in the southwest part of the range to the southeast of Dillon.
The steep, narrow, sandstone-capped ridge extends from northern Bath County, Virginia to southern Hardy County, West Virginia.
It is separated from Bastien Range to the southwest by Nimitz Glacier, and from Heritage Range to the south by lower Minnesota Glacier.
It was uplifted about 300 million years ago and has since weathered into its current condition.
The Nimmel Range is a small mountain range inside the Gold Coast Hinterland on the Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia.
Due to inaccessibility, the range was not fully explored until 1912.
U.S. Route 93 traverses the north end of the range between Crystal Springs and Caliente.
They are northeast of Kelso and the park's visitor center, and southeast of Cima Dome & Volcanic Field.
The Supramonte is a mountain range located in central-eastern Sardinia, Italy.
Shortly after, eruptions began and continued off-and-on for several hours.
The Antelope Range lies to the northwest and the Little Smoky Valley lies to the northeast.
Store Skagastølstinden: 2,405 m or 7,890 ft
Shoshone National Forest is on the eastern side of the continental divide while Bridger-Teton National Forest is on the west.
In Albania the range is also called the Vargu Lindor, but this term usually encompasses mountains further north, such as Koritnik and Gjallica.
However, the north slope is part of the Autonomous Community of the Basque Country.
the Dămuc and Valea Rece to the West
It lies between Coppenbrügge, Eldagsen and Elze in the North German state of Lower Saxony.
Mount Geraneia's wolf pack is the southernmost in Greece, possibly in Europe, too.
There is a rich heritage of historical features and archaeological remains, including defensive sites, burial mounds and field boundaries.
The range is east of the Sawback Range and west of the Bare and Palliser Ranges.
They are in the Mojave Desert east of Lanfair Valley near the Colorado River and Nevada border.
The Great Balsam Mountains, or Balsam Mountains, are in the mountain region of western North Carolina, United States.
They are bordered by the Uri Alps and the Schwyz Alps to the west, the Lepontine Alps to the south, the Appenzell Alps to the northeast.
Bailadila Range, is a mountain range rising in the Deccan Plateau about 200 km west of the Eastern Ghats.
National Highway 61 runs all along the top of the range.
The Kelso Mountains are located just north of the small community of Kelso and the Kelso Dunes, in the Mojave National Preserve in southeastern California.
The name Tux Prealps was declared in the 1984 edition of the AVE as outdated and not longer applicable.
The Baikal Mountains or Baikal Range rise steeply over the northwestern shore of Lake Baikal in southern Siberia, Russia.
The mountain range forms a barrier between the Cape Town metropolitan area and the southern Overberg coast.
3,592 feet, south of Missoula, Montana in Missoula County, Montana.
The Granite Mountains lie about 8 miles to the west.
Extending 30 km in southwest-northeast direction between Cape James and Cape Smith, and 6.8 km wide.
The mountain range has a south-west to north-east orientation, and is approximately 55 km long and 13 km wide.
The Serra de Moixeró is a mountain range running across the north of Catalonia, part of the Pre-Pyrenees.
The length of the range is 92 km, and width up to 9 km.
The mountains are crossed by California State Route 60, California State Route 79, and a handful of smaller roads.
The ridgeline is traversed by the Hurricane Deck Trail, which is rarely maintained.
The highest peak of the Polish part is Tarnica.
The core Aleutian Range can be divided into three mountain groups.
The mountains were formed about eleven million years ago by tectonic activity along the San Andreas Fault, and are still actively rising.
The Tushar Mountains are the third highest mountain range in Utah after the Uinta Mountains and the La Sal Range.
The extensive rock formation was shaped by hundreds of millions of years of riverine erosion to yield diverse bluff and butte landform.
The Lost Creek Hills are a mountain range in Washoe County, Nevada.
At least 325 globally threatened species occur in the Western Ghats.
The altitude of the summits ranges between 1,100 metres and almost 1,700 metres displaying a variety of different climates and habitats.
Three deep valleys divide the North Shore Mountains.
The Atascosa Mountains are a small mountain range of western Santa Cruz County, Arizona.
The Excelsior Mountains are located in western Nevada in the United States.
* The range is c. 90 km at its maximum length and less than 30 km wide at its widest.
The Latady Mountains are a group of mountains rising west of Gardner Inlet, Orville Coast, between Wetmore Glacier and Ketchum Glacier, in southeastern Palmer Land, Antarctica.
The range is 7,700 km² in area and about 245 km in length and about 90 km at its widest.
Pahvant Butte or Pavant Butte is a butte formed by a dormant volcano in the west-central portion of Utah.
Smiubelgen is a mountain range in the western part of Rondane National Park, Norway, separated from the eastern part by Rondvatnet.
The Phetchabun mountains are a mountain massif in Phetchabun, Phitsanulok, Loei and Chaiyaphum Provinces, Thailand.
The region's many large resorts gave countless young stand-up comedians an opportunity to hone their craft.
The gift deed required the Conservation Fund’s approval before conveying the property to any party other than the federal or state parks agencies.
The Nature Conservancy's Panther Knob and Pike Knob preserves are also located on North Fork Mountain.
The mountains are used primarily for recreation in the form of hiking and mountain biking, and as the site of communications installations on the highest peaks.
The Little Maria Mountains are located in southeastern California in the United States.
The highest point is Bull Mountain near the Dunn Benchmark at 9,925 ft, and the ghost town of Yost is on the north central slopes.
They are east of lower Death Valley and the Amargosa Range, near the Amargosa River and Tecopa, California
The highest point is Reveille Peak in the southern part of the range with an elevation of 8,812 feet.
The highest point, Ruby Peak with an elevation of 9,391 feet, lies in the northeast portion of the range.
The range is underlain principally by Mesozoic granitic rocks that are partly veneered by upper Cenozoic volcanic rocks of the Coso Volcanic Field.
The Boulder Mountains are part of the Rocky Mountains in the western United States.
The Camelsfoot Range is a sub-range of the Chilcotin Ranges subdivision of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in British Columbia.
A very narrow range, the Santa Ynez Mountains rise quickly on its north side and drops off equally dramatically along the range's south face.
The range starts at the east bank of the Salmon River, at an elevation of about 5,000 feet.
The Ozarks cover a significant portion of southern Missouri, extending as far northeast as the southwestern suburbs of St. Louis.
It is also sometimes called the Western Cordillera, the Western Cordillera of North America, or the Pacific Cordillera.
The Sifton Ranges are a mountain range along the west side of the Rocky Mountain Trench in northern British Columbia, Canada.
They are located in Austria and Italy.
The Eaglenest Range is a mountain range on the west side of the Spatsizi Plateau in northern British Columbia, Canada.
The Heritage range was so named by US-ACAN because topographic units within the range have received names relating to the theme of American heritage.
This range was named after German geographer Hans Meyer.
The majority of the range is included in the Otay Mountain Wilderness Area.
Due to its bizarrely shaped crags and gorges, mountain streams and lakes, beautiful forests and magnificent views, the area ranks among Portugal’s outstanding scenic attractions.
The Sredinny Range is separated from the north-south running coastal range to the east, by the Central Kamchatka Depression.
The Lewis Range is a mountain range located in the Rocky Mountains of northern Montana, United States and extreme southern Alberta, Canada.
The upper South Fork Crooked River flows north along the eastern base of the range.
The Cathedral Range is a mountain range immediately to the South of Tuolumne Meadows in Yosemite National Park.
The Gallatin Range is a mountain range of the Rocky Mountains, located in the U.S. states of Montana and Wyoming.
Other peaks are 2,565 m Mong Ling Shan, 2,565 m Doi Inthanon and 2,563 m Loi Pangnao.
From the 1880s to 1914 this part of the island was a German colony.
The length of the range is at least 90 kilometres and the width is 15–20 kilometres.
The Karen Hills, also known as Kayah-Karen Mountains, are one of the main hill ranges in eastern Burma.
To the south and east the Truckee River forms the boundary and Pyramid Lake is at the northeast.
Sarstein) in the north at the other bank of the River Traun
In 1937 Paramount filmed on location at the Red Hills area the motion picture North of the Rio Grande starring William Boyd as 'Hopalong Cassidy'.
The Blue Ridge Mountains are noted for having a bluish color when seen from a distance.
The southern tip of the range is less than 5 miles from the Mexican border.
There are two way to Beding by Tasinam village, beautiful hill or simigau.
Mountain ranges within the Dauphiné Alps include the Massif des Écrins, Belledonne, the Taillefer range and the mountains of Matheysine.
Several small areas in the Ranges have protected area status.
The mountain range forms the northern edge of the Darling Downs near Bell and Dalby.
The Brindabellas are visible to the west of Canberra and form an important part of the city's landscape.
The fossil aquatic reptile Augustasaurus was discovered in the Triassic Favret Formation in the Augusta Mountains and named after the range.
The range lies to the southeast of the Leitha River and is considered part of the Randgebirge östlich der Mur division of the Eastern Alps.
They run between DeSoto and Winnetka Avenues, from south of Ventura Boulevard to near Victory Boulevard.
Western Ghats is a mountain range that runs parallel to the western coast of the Indian peninsula, located entirely in India.
The climate of the range is Mediterranean with semi-arid characteristics.
In the 1970s mining began again with the development of open pit silver–gold mines on De Lamar Mountain.
The Berkshires is a highland geologic region located in the western parts of Massachusetts and Connecticut.
The Weaver Mountains are a smaller mountain range to the southwest of the Bradshaw Mountains in central-west Yavapai County, Arizona.
One of the highland mammal species is the vulnerable spectacled bear.
The Trzebnickie Hills is a mountain range in southwestern Poland.
They are also known as Saint Patrick's Mountains after the saint who built churches on its slopes and left his name to some of its wells.
Mount Karisimbi is the highest volcano at 4,507 metres.
The Barunga Range is a range of hills in the northern Mount Lofty Ranges starting near Clements Gap and Merriton in South Australia's Mid North.
The range lies in an east-west direction, and is approximately 18 miles long.
Jotunheimen straddles the border between the counties of Oppland and Sogn og Fjordane.
The length of the range is 206 km, and the average height is 3600 m above sea level.
The plateaus are named for their relatively flat tops.
The range, which rises to 2408 metres, stretches for about 60 km from Lundin's Neck in the east to Lady Grey in the west.
To the north, the range almost merges with the smaller Antelope and Park Ranges.
2,549 feet, is a set of hills southwest of Saco, Montana in Phillips County, Montana.
The most common starting point for tours of the Okstindan mountains is from the Leirskardalen valley or from the lake Kjennsvannet in Hemnes.
The southern end borders Idaho and Montana of the USA.
In Slovakia, they are partially located in the traditional regions of Liptov and Orava.
Only a single dirt road separates the Rattlesnake Mountains from the Mission Mountains to the north.
The Willapa Hills is a geologic, physiographic, and geographic region in southwest Washington.
The Jarbidge Mountains are a mountain range in northern Elko County, Nevada, United States.
The East Range is a mountain range in the Great Basin region, located in Pershing County, Nevada .
At the southern end of the range lies the town of Amboy, the Amboy Crater, and Bristol Dry Lake.
Its northern boundaries are marked by the flat Palnadu basin while in the south it merges with the Tirupati hills.
The main peaks of Lúčanská Malá Fatra are Veľká Lúka, Kľak and Minčol.
The Catalinas are part of the Santa Catalina Ranger District located in the Coronado National Forest, and also include the Pusch Ridge Wilderness Area.
The watershed extends deep into the North Shore Mountains region, but is strictly off-limits to all unauthorized human activities.
It is located southwest of Innsbruck, Austria, and several summits of the range form part of Austria's border with Italy.
They are among the world’s highest mountains.
Quake Lake lies not far to the south of Hilgard Peak.
It has numerous peaks that reach heights of 2,500 m, including the highest summit of the Karwendel, the Birkkarspitze), and its neighbour, the three Ödkarspitzen.
To the south the range ends at Corcovado Gulf.
The Tux Alps are one of three mountain ranges that form an Alpine backdrop to the city of Innsbruck.
Mount Mackenzie, Mount Tupper, Mount Macdonald and Mount Laurier rise over the Canadian Pacific Railway tracks that travel through the Rogers Pass near Golden, British Columbia.
The highest peak in the McDowells is East End, at 4,069 feet.
They are home to one of the larger Desert Bighorn Sheep ranges.
The range includes several widely known mountains: Hakkōda Mountains, Mount Iwate, Mount Zaō, Mount Azuma, and Mount Adatara.
Both may have been formed around the time of the Ouachita orogeny.
Buckskin Mountain State Park borders the south of the Bill Williams River.
It reaches a maximum height of 572 m above sea level.
The heavily wooded area is about 62 km from the city of Oaxaca on Federal highway 175, heading towards Tuxtepec.
The Bristol Mountains are found in the Mojave Desert of California, USA, just west of Mojave National Preserve.
They give their name to the Uwharrie National Forest.
The Toiyabe Range is a mountain range in Lander and Nye counties, Nevada, United States.
The names of the peaks commemorate the allied leaders in World War II, places where the leaders met, and battles in which Canadian troops served.
It is the first mountain range encountered moving west along the 40th parallel north across the Great Plains of North America.
Sierra de Cazorla is a mountain range of the Prebaetic System in the Jaén Province in Spain.
Ottoman Turks called the hills Pınar Dağ.
Much of the east/southeastern area of the range is private property, owned by Phelps Dodge Corporation.
This is due to the abundant rainfall experienced in the uplands, located in the Elgin Valley around the town of Grabouw on the eastern slopes.
The Taylor Range or Herbert Taylor Range is a mountain range on the western edge of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.
The name "Cuchumatán" is derived from the Mam words "Cuchuj" and "matán" and means "that which was brought together by superior force".
The name derives probably from the Latin lapis, referring to the mountains’ limestone rocks.
The Harquahala Mountains are the highest mountain range in southwestern Arizona, United States and are located southwest of the towns of Aguila and Wenden.
Melnik at the south-western foothills of the mountain is Bulgaria's smallest town and is an architectural reserve.
The picket range is home to many of the North Cascades' classic climbs and many of its best technical climbs.
They are named in honour of legendary surveyor/explorer Frank Swannell.
The mountain separates Hungry Valley on the east from Antelope Valley on the west.
On the surface of the eptire mountain there are no older rocks than those of the mid-Triassic.
The Rio Bavispe borders the southeast of Sierra San Luis and flows northwest around the Sierra del Tigre range.
Historic U.S. Route 66 and contemporary Interstate 40, along with Newberry Springs, California are just to the north.
Most of the mountain range lies within the Ansel Adams Wilderness.
The Amedee Mountains are a mountain range in Lassen County, California.
Most of the range is within Wenatchee National Forest.
The Beaverheads contain two large roadless areas, one predominantly in Montana and the other predominantly in Idaho.
To the east are the lower Funiu and Dabie Shan which rise out of the coastal plain.
The Fairview Range is a mountain range in Churchill County, Nevada.
to the northeast by the Grand Erg Occidental;
The lower course of the Omineca River flows through the heart of the range.
Several major river systems have their source in the mountains, such as the Liffey, Dargle, Slaney and Avoca rivers.
The Grenzgletscher is an impressive glacier formation between the western wing of the mountain and Liskamm, a ridge on its southwestern side on the Swiss-Italian border.
The Montes de María are the last part of the Serranía de San Jerónimo which extends from the West Andes.
Other peaks include Haystack Peak at 12,020 feet and Red Mountain at 11,588 feet.
The Cortez Mountains are located in north central Nevada in the United States.
Most of the area belongs to Negev Mountains Nature Reserve, the largest reserve in Israel.
The Promontory Mountains are a range in Box Elder County, Utah.
The San Antonio Mountains are a mountain range in Nye County, Nevada, USA.
Situated mainly in the Lewis and Clark National Forest, the mountains are used for logging and recreation for the residents of Great Falls, Montana.
Mountain goats inhabit the high crags of the range, while pronghorn utilize the lower elevation grassland foothills.
Viewed from most angles, with a little imagination, the range looks like a steamboat.
It merges with Negro Mountain just north of the Cambria County line where the Berlin-Salisbury basin expires [1].
The south-central portion of the range is included within Great Basin National Park, with most of the remainder included within the Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest.
The Poker Brown Mountains are a mountain range in Pershing County, Nevada.
The Tamrau and Arfak Mountains are both divided by the grassy Kebar Valley, which is the heartland of many indigenous people, with a variety of backgrounds.
The Slovak Ore Mountains are an extensive mountainous region of Slovakia's Spiš and Gemer region, and in small part in northern Hungary, within the Carpathians.
It is a sub-range of the Silver Peak Range further northwest.
However, according to a statement by Texas Parks and Wildlife in October 2014, public access to the park has finally been secured.
The Balkan Mountains are remarkable for their flora and fauna.
The range contains 43 peaks rising to elevations greater than 10,000 feet.
The forest has an area of about 82 km² and is thus the largest contiguous forest in Upper Swabia.
The Alpine region area contains about a hundred peaks higher than 4000 metres.
It is contained within the Mountain City Ranger District of the Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest.
The Sheep Range is located north of Las Vegas, Nevada in the United States.
The Bornes massif, sometimes considered part of the Aravis, lies to its west.
The Ely Springs Range is a mountain range located in Lincoln County, southeastern Nevada.
The range also includes the Altenalp Türm as the northernmost summit above 2,000 metres in Switzerland.
The center section of this crest includes the range high point, Hole in the Mountain Peak.
Together with the smaller and lower Vogler range and the little Burgberg to the north, the Solling is part of the Solling-Vogler Nature Park.
The range is oriented NE–SW with a length of about 42.7 kilometres.
The Djurdjura or Jurjura Range is a mountain range of the Tell Atlas, part of the Atlas Mountain System.
The range has three main sections that total about 15 miles in length and about nine miles in width.
The Santa Rita Mountains are mostly within the Coronado National Forest.
Evans Thomas named after Thomas Oldham Evans an early homesteader.
The Volcanic Hills are a mountain range in Esmeralda County, Nevada.
The highest peak is 1,603 m high La Villuerca.
The Mentasta Mountains in the eastern part of the U.S. state of Alaska form the eastern end of the Alaska Range.
There are extensive industrial and housing developments on its slopes.
Most of the range falls within the county of im Ostalbkreis but its northern spurs reach into Schwäbisch Hall.
They form the south-western extremity of the Alps, separated from the Apennines by the Colle di Cadibona.
The North Shore Mountains are a small subrange of the Pacific Ranges, the southernmost grouping of the vast Coast Mountains.
Pena Blanca Lake on Ruby Road, arising from the lowest elevations of Calabasas Canyon-(tributary to the Santa Cruz River) are part of the Atascosa's southern border.
They are bordered in the north by the Făgăraș Depression, through which the Olt river flows, and in the west by the Olt Valley.
Through the Zawory Mountains lies a continental divide of the North Sea and Baltic Sea, and the border with the Czech Republic.
Most of the range is public land administered by the federal Bureau of Land Management.
It has an area of 290 km2 and is a subrange of the Pacific Ranges which in turn form part of the Coast Mountains.
The Saddle Mountains consists of an upfolded anticline ridge of basalt in Grant County of central Washington state.
The range is popular with hikers and offers scenic views over the surrounding area.
Despite their relatively scant altitude these mountains form an effective barrier between Thailand and Burma in their northern and central region.
The mountains lie in a southwest-northeasterly direction in both states, although most of the range is in California.
The landscape is made up of fields, woods and orchards; in the Middle Ages it was also the site of several vineyards.
The Ball Range is a mountain range on the Continental Divide between Vermilion Pass and Red Earth Pass in Kootenay National Park, Canada.
Several intermittent streams rise in the Horse Heaven Hills, including Amon Creek.
The name is derived from a series of seven stock watering troughs placed below a set springs.
More recent volcanic activity in and around the Itcha Range might have occurred in the last 340,000 years to produce cinder cones.
Its only settlement of consequence is unincorporated Cragsmoor.
It forms the watershed between these two rivers.
Killarney Provincial Park is located in the range and is very popular among tourists.
The Unicois are located immediately south of the Great Smoky Mountains and immediately west of the Cheoah Mountains.
The Blue Mountains are a small mountain range on Ellesmere Island, Nunavut, Canada.
The northwest end of the Chiricahua mountains continue as the Dos Cabezas Mountains beyond Apache Pass and the Fort Bowie National Historic Site.
The Florence Range is a small mountain range in northwestern British Columbia, Canada, located at the southern end of Taku Arm and west of Nelson Lake.
Most of Sierra San Luis is privately owned land.
The Beartooths are the location of Granite Peak, which at 12,807 feet is the highest point in the state of Montana.
They are located within the southeastern corner of Mojave National Preserve, and are east of the Providence Mountains, near the junction of Goffs and Lanfair Roads.
The site of Nightingale and its large tungsten mine are at the southern end of the east slope.
The range is heavily visited due to its proximity to Boston and, to a lesser extent, New York City and Montreal.
Steenkampsberg is a South African mountain plateau in the Dullstroom - Belfast district of Mpumalanga Province.
The highest point in the range is Mount Taylor, at 11,301 ft.
One of these contains Mount Waddington, the highest summit entirely within British Columbia.
Part of the 1985 movie Pale Rider was filmed in the Boulder Mountains.
The southeast end of the range is separated from the northwest end of the Spring Mountains by a narrow gap near Point of Rocks.
The Bloody Run Hills are a mountain range in Humboldt County, Nevada.
The Entiat Mountains stretch south to the Columbia River between the mouths of the Entiat and Wenatchee Rivers.
The Thüster Berg is a ridge, up to 441 m above NN, in the Lower Saxon Hills in central Germany.
They are located in South Tyrol, Italy.
About 60,000 acres of the Flints are roadless.
At the range's southern end it merges with Hummock Range at Barunga Gap, approximately 10 kilometres south west of Snowtown.
The Táchira depression separates the Cordillera de Mérida from the Cordillera Oriental, which forms the Colombia-Venezuela border.
A widely accepted origin for the name is that they were the first sight of Europe for ships arriving from the Americas.
The area was active in the late 1880s.
The Sierra de los Cuchumatanes is located in western Guatemala in the departments of Huehuetenango and El Quiché.
Cactus Peak 7,477 ft at 37°46.97′N 116°52.69′W
The Smoky Mountains are located within the watersheds of the Big Wood, Salmon, and Boise Rivers.
Dugway is adjacent southwest at the desert's perimeter; Skull Valley trends north from Dugway, and is the west border of the Stansbury Mountains.
This reserve also includes the neighboring Makgabeng Plateau, the Soutpansberg, the northern part of the Kruger National Park, the Makuleke Wetlands and the Mapungubwe Cultural Landscape.
In Thailand the range extends mainly across Chiang Rai, Phayao, Lampang, Phrae, Nan, Uttaradit and Sukhothai Provinces, reaching Tak Province at its southwestern end.
The Virginia Mountains is an irregular mountain range entirely in Washoe County, Nevada, that generally extends north-northwest to south-southeast for 22 miles.
It is located in the regions of Gilgit–Baltistan, Ladakh, and southern Xinjiang, and reaches the Wakhan Corridor.
They are east of and below the Sierra Nevada, in the Round Valley area, and just west of Tinemaha Reservoir and the Owens River.
The Liverpool Range is a mountain range and a lava-field province in New South Wales, Australia.
Multiple eruptions from 40,000 to 600 years ago created the Mono Craters and eruptions 5,000 to 500 years ago formed the Inyo Craters.
The Premier Range is a group of mountains within the Cariboo Mountains of east-central British Columbia, Canada.
The Kibara mountains have an average elevation of 1,750 metres above sea level and a highest elevation of 1,889 metres.
This place has forests with firs and pines, extensive summer pastures and picturesque yaylas.
The Sierra Nevada is a mountain range in the Western United States, between the Central Valley of California and the Basin and Range Province.
They are rather unimposing, with a maximum elevation of 4,803 feet.
Much of the range's geology was described by the geologist John T. Dillon.
Also, 3 mi east in the Great Salt Lake, an outlying peak is named Dolphin Island.
Agri Dag is a ridge at the mid of the Armenian highland.
It is located entirely in Austria within the state of Tyrol.
natural monuments: Bôrická mláka, Domašínsky meander, Krasniansky luh, Šútovská epigenéza
The ridge is aligned in a NW-SE direction.
At the base of the Ernici Mounts is the cave of La Foce with a spring outflow in the Aniene river.
The Anti-Atlas, Lesser Atlas or Little Atlas is a mountain range in Morocco, a part of the Atlas Mountains in the northwest of Africa.
There are a number of provincial parks and recreation areas within the boundaries of the Lillooet Ranges.
The mining town of Tungsten, site of the Cantung Mine is in the Mackenzie Mountains.
By the latter definition, the Sierra de Lema stretches from Cerro Venamo in the east to Serranía Supamo and Cerro Santa Rosa in the west.
The mountain can be reached from the town of Bitola and nearby villages on the Macedonian side.
It has an area of 94 km2 and is a subrange of the Vancouver Island Ranges which in turn form part of the Insular Mountains.
The name derives from the highest peaks in the range, Glyder Fawr and Glyder Fach.
In the southeast the Aras River separates the Lesser Caucasus from the Talysh Mountains which straddle the border of southeastern Azerbaijan and Iran.
In the driest areas, Missouri foxtail cacti, plains prickly pear cacti, and yucca abound, as well as prairie rattlesnakes.
Nevada State Route 305 runs along the southeast side of the range from Battle Mountain toward Austin to the south.
The mountains were surveyed by the USGS Thiel Mountains parties of 1960-61 and 1961-62.
The Pinyon Mountains are in the ecotone of the Colorado Desert ecoregion and of the California montane chaparral and woodlands ecoregion.
It is located in Austria, in the states of Salzburg and Carinthia.
The Coast Ranges of California span 400 miles from Del Norte or Humboldt County, California south to Santa Barbara County.
The nearest town of any size is Hanksville, Utah, which is north of the mountains.
The range is part of the water divide between Abakan River, Tom River, and Lebed River.
Only 5 years later, in 1983, a new married couple, Jill and Bobby Tamer claimed they spotted Big Foot in their camp rummaging for food.
The Ksour Range or Kçour Range is a mountain range in Algeria.
Many thermal springs can be found here, inspiring the establishment of many spa centres in the region, for example Trenčianske Teplice or Rajecké Teplice.
Most of the crests are on the Laotian side.
Most of the system lies in the California chaparral and woodlands ecoregion.
The Curnow Range is a mountain range in Washoe County, Nevada.
Its highest summit is 1,332 m high Bañuela.
The Hieroglyphic Mountains were named in an apparent confusion between Egyptian hieroglyphs and the petroglyphs found in the area.
Other important peaks are Păpuşa and Retezat Peak.
The Dugway Range is a 13-mile long mountain range located in central-south Tooele County, Utah, on the Juab County north border.
The Continental Divide traverses the southern foothills of the Luera Mountains from west-to-east then turns south into the Black Range.
The Newcastle Ridge is a mountain ridge on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, located on the south side of Johnstone Strait between Adam River and Sayward.
Quartzsite, Arizona lies on the eastern foothills of the range.
The Sagehen basin, including Sagehen Hills, differs from the surrounding watersheds in that it is essentially formed of un-glaciated volcanic overburden.
The Samnaun Alps are a mountain range of the Central Eastern Alps, named after the Swiss municipality of Samnaun.
This range includes the following mountains and peaks:
A major mine expansion project began in January 2011.
Geologically they are part of the Yukon Ranges, in the upper Laramide Belt of the North American Cordillera.
The highest peak, Mount Ballard, rises to 7,500 ft.
The Hohe Munde is also a popular and challenging ski touring destination.
In the south section, of a southwest trending ridgeline, is the Parowan Gap Petroglyphs Site.
The western part of the area has since 1923 been extensively developed for hydro-electric power production by the Tafjord Kraft company.
The Sawtooth Mountains are within the western Colorado Desert, southwest of Anza-Borrego Desert State Park and the Tierra Blanca Mountains.
The Lost River Range is a high mountain range of the Rocky Mountains, located in central Idaho, in the northwestern United States.
Its highest point is Climax Mountain, with a height of 2,823 metres.
The starting point for hiking is the village of Turtagrø along the national tourist road, Sognefjellsvegen.
Several large cities such as the Algerian capital, Algiers, with ~1,500,000 residents and Oran with ~770,000 residents lie at the base of the Tell Atlas.
The town of Marvão is an ancient fortified town located on a ridge of the range.
The Sierra Nevada tower high to the west.
The Pueblo Mountains are a remote mountain range in the United States located mostly in southeastern Oregon and partially in northwestern Nevada.
The range extends 16 miles south, from just east of the Van Horn Mountains.
Together with the Radstadt Tauern, the Schladming Tauern and the Seckau Tauern the Rottenmann and Wölz Tauern form the major range known as the Low Tauern.
One of the first all-weather roads in Burma was across the Karen Hills connecting Taungoo with Loilem.
Adelbert Range is home to many species of birds, including bird-of-paradise and the endemic Fire-maned Bowerbird.
The highest peak of the range is Ichinsky, a stratovolcano some 3,607 metres) high.
The hills are of a triassic limestone called Elmkalkstein.
On a clear day, they are easily visible from Anchorage.
Small parts of the Upper Lahn Valley in the northwest belong, together with the town of Bad Laasphe, also to the district of Siegen-Wittgenstein, North Rhine-Westphalia.
Part of this range is protected by the Furano-Ashibetsu Prefectural Natural Park.
There are a number of winter homes in King Valley.
The foothills of the range are in creosote scrub and Joshua tree forests, which adjoin the dense Joshua tree woodlands atop Cima Dome.
The range is composed by majorly limestone.
The range's northeastern area lies in southeastern Nevada.
To the southeast across the Reese River Valley is Austin at the north end of the Toiyabe Range.
The range lies directly east of Lake Constance.
The survey for the building of the Northeastern Line of the State Railway of Thailand began in 1887.
The Rincon Mountains are a significant mountain range east of Tucson, Pima County, Arizona, in the United States.
On the northeast side of the group lie the Palisade Glacier and the Middle Palisade Glacier, the largest glaciers in the Sierra Nevada.
The Catskill Mountains, also known as the Catskills, are a large area in the southeastern portion of the U.S. state of New York.
The range lies mostly in Crook County but extends south and west into Deschutes County in Central Oregon near the unincorporated community of Hampton.
The granite rocks of the Arbuckles date back to the Precambrian Eon some 1.4 billion years ago which were overlain by rhyolites during the Cambrian Period.
The western portion of the mountain range has pale green formations, differing from the eastern, steeply carved and striking brick-red volcanics.
They are located on the western side of the Sacramento Valley.
The range is named after its highest point Roche de Smet, which in turn was named by Iroquois working in the fur trade industry.
Mount Buchon, also known as the San Luis Range, is a mountain range in San Luis Obispo County, California.
Hampton Butte WSA covers 10,600 acres, while Cougar Well WSA, further south, covers 17,315 acres.
The range is located in Austria in the district of Salzburg near Bischofshofen.
The Shandin Hills are a low mountain range of the Transverse Ranges System of Southern California.
The Fox Range is a mountain range in east central Washoe County, Nevada.
The monastery at Glendalough, founded in the late 6th century by Saint Kevin, was an important centre of the Early Church in Ireland.
The name of the mountain dates back to ancient times.
They are located in the San Marcos region of the county.
The geology of the Confusion range is deformed Silurian to Permian limestones, dolomites, and shales.
There are wild reindeer herds living in Setesdalsheiene.
The record for the quickest visit to all peaks is under 4 hours.
For much of the length of the range on the San Francisco Peninsula, State Route 35 runs along its ridge, and is known as "Skyline Boulevard".
They are named after the river Albula.
The Cherokee National Forest and the Pisgah National Forest protect substantial sections of the Bald Mountains.
The range gets its name from "castle turrets", 50-foot high igneous rock spires on the western slopes.
The group is rather overshadowed by its more famous neighbours which include the Großglockner and the Großvenediger.
The Great Western Tiers are a collection of mountain bluffs that form the northern edge of the Central Highlands plateau in Tasmania, Australia.
Ethnic tribal communities such as the Manobos, Higaonons and Bukidnons are the inhabitants of the area.
The highest peak is the Hohe Veitsch) in the centre of the group, while largest massif is the Schneealpe) in the northwest, near the Rax.
To the southwest the Sierritas merge with the Cerro Colorado Mountains and the Penitas Hills.
The highest mountain in the range is Croaghgorm, which is 674 metres high.
Later the well was used to provide water to cattle that grazed in the area, and now the windmill pumps water to a guzzler for wildlife.
Anamudi Peak lies at the extreme southwestern end of the range and is the highest peak in southern India.
The mountains are in the district of Ixtlán de Juárez in the Sierra Norte de Oaxaca region.
The range is northwest-by-southeast trending and is in a region of about thirty landforms, plains, valleys, and mountain ranges, called the Maria fold and thrust belt.
The mountains cover 300 square miles and are part of the Coronado National Forest, Safford ranger district.
The Julian Alps cover an estimated 4,400 km2.
The range was named after the Fiemme Valley.
Most of the area is private property, including the range's tallest mountain, Taylor Mountain.
The name 'Barunga' derives from an indigenous term meaning "gap in the range".
Allied Nevada Gold Corporation operates the Hycroft Gold Mine, a strip mine in the Kamma Mountains.
The mountains are known locally in the Roseburg area as the Callahan Mountains, or simply as The Callahans.
Cuyamaca Peak, at 6,512 feet, is San Diego County's second highest, after Hot Springs Peak.
The Owl Mountains are a mountain range in the Central Sudetes in south-west Poland.
To the northeast, the range is connected by The Cannon Balls ridge to Cannon Mountain.
The Blue Ridge Parkway runs along the crest for most of the way between Asheville and Mount Mitchell.
The Santa Renia Mountains are a mountain range in Elko County, Nevada.
The range supports a unique grassland ecosystem.
Altitude ranges from 250 to 740 metres above sea level.
The Babor Range, together with the neighboring Bibans, is part of the mountainous natural region of Petite Kabylie.
These areas include Yosemite, Sequoia, and Kings Canyon National Parks; and Devils Postpile National Monument.
Breheimen is a mountain range in the Sogn og Fjordane and Oppland counties in Norway.
Its peaks typically rise to around 8,000 to 9,000 feet.
The Torngat Mountains are a mountain range on the Labrador Peninsula at the northern tip of Newfoundland and Labrador and eastern Quebec.
The Siskiyou Mountains are a coastal mountain range in the northern Klamath Mountains in northwestern California and southwestern Oregon in the United States.
The Grapevine Mountains are a mountain range located along the border of Inyo County, California and Nye County, Nevada in the United States.
The temple complex comprises a traditional temple building, with a number of modern queue and pilgrim lodging sites.
The Rosecrans Hills are a low range of hills in the Transverse Ranges, in the South Los Angeles region of Los Angeles County, California.
Much of the central part of the range is within the Beaverhead-Deerlodge National Forest, although many, mostly small patented mining claims exist within the forest boundary.
From a ridge within the Gettysburg borough, the divide extends southward across several strategic features of the Gettysburg Battlefield:
The range is known for its geothermal springs and mineral waters that formerly attracted members of the European aristocracy to its spa towns.
This range was named for the bamboo Thamnocalamus tessellatus growing in its ravines.
Davis' springparsley is a plant that is also endemic to the Albion Mountains.
The Thanon Thong Chai Range is a mountain range in northern Thailand.
Over 15 summits exceed 9,000 ft above sea level, and the highest point is Kintla Peak at 10,101 feet.
The Mutton Mountains are a mountain range in Wasco County, Oregon.
The Chalk Hills are a north—south running low 'mountain' range in the San Fernando Valley perpendicular to and adjoining the Santa Monica Mountains.
It stretches southeast of the Sierra de la Virgen in the same direction roughly between Paracuellos de la Ribera and Codos.
West Pintler Peak, located in a more commonly visited area, rises to 9894 feet.
To the west it is linked by the Erl Saddle to the Erlspitze Group, to the east via the Stempeljoch saddle) to the Gleirsch-Halltal Range.
The now-abandoned mines and surrounding buildings can still be seen on the mountain slopes above Allihies.
The Watagans are a popular tourist location and are close to Newcastle, Sydney and the Central Coast.
North of the Rattlesnake Hills is Moxee Valley and the Black Rock Valley.
It is one of the highest peaks in the Townsville region and is also the location of the Herveys Range Heritage Tea Rooms.
The name "Smoky" comes from the natural fog that often hangs over the range and presents as large smoke plumes from a distance.
Treasure Mountain, overlooking the town of Marble, is home to the famous Yule Marble Quarry.
The Raft River Mountains are a mountain range in northern Box Elder County, Utah, United States.
The range extends for approximately 40 miles in southern Kern County and northwestern Los Angeles County.
The Ohm Hills are a small range of hills up to 533.4 m above sea level high and about 50 km² in area.
The range has had a significant number of mines utilising the geologically rich zone of Mount Read Volcanics.
The summits of the range are often covered with snow in the winter and there are odd-looking rocky quartzite outcrops on them.
Following the Norman invasion in the 12th century, the Wicklow Mountains became a stronghold and hiding place for Irish clans opposed to English rule.
It runs parallel to U.S. Route 93, where the western front is easily viewed along the entire length, only about 3.5 mi distant.
All four peaks are in Jefferson County.
This enables the Hinterautal chain to be traversed from the Pleisen Hut to the Karwendelhaus.
Fish populations in the Trout Creek Mountains declined throughout much of the 20th century.
The Mosel and Hunsrück hills form its southwestern part, the Westerwald, Lahn-Dill area and the Taunus occupy the southeastern part.
The range is located between the city of San Luis Obispo and the Pacific Ocean, south of Los Osos Road to Morro Bay.
The highest elevations are in the east, near the border with Kyrgyzstan.
The range extends northward approximately 70 mi from a point near Carlin to the banks of the Owyhee River.
They are primarily located in Rauma Municipality, Nesset Municipality, and Norddal Municipality.
It overlaps, but is not conterminous with, the Bregenz Forest Mountains which are a range of the Northern Limestone Alps, specifically the northern flysch zone.
It is little-known, since it does not contain any 8000 metre peaks, or even any peaks above 7,200 metres.
The Raft River Mountains are southeast of the range, while the Black Pine Mountains are to the east and the Snake River Plain to the north.
The highest point of the range is Otay Mountain, elevation 3,566 ft.
It separates the Pella regional unit on the Greek side in the south from the Mariovo region on the Macedonian side in the north.
The range featured in the culmination of Landscape of Farewell, a 2007 novel penned by Alex Miller.
The Palisades trailhead is located on the valley floor of the Napa Valley near Calistoga and is a 6-mile one way hike.
The highest point in the Big Belt Range is Mount Edith at 9,504 feet while the center of the range is 7,385 feet
The Cerro Colorado Mountains are a low mountain range in southern Pima County, Arizona, USA.
The Tantalus Range is a subrange of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in southern British Columbia, Canada.
The range is between the San Emigdio Mountains and the San Joaquin Valley, west of the Interstate 5—Highway 99 junction and of the Tehachapi Mountains.
More than one hundred million years ago during the Nevadan orogeny, granite formed deep underground.
The Hot Spring Hills are a mountain range in Malheur County, Oregon.
To the north creeks flow into the Mary River.
The southern section of this extensive chain of mountains runs along the Kra Isthmus into the Malay peninsula almost reaching Singapore.
The Bukowica Range separating the west Low Beskids from the east Pogórze Bukowskie.
The range lies north of the Colorado River as it turns east, north of Martinez Lake and the Imperial Reservoir.
The mountains often serve as a symbol for the city of Laramie.
The range trends NNW-SSE for about 185 km and is 24 to 48 km wide.
Wildlife live in the higher peaks to elevations of 1,037 m. Issa Somali have a long history in the Boura Mountains.
In geographic terms the boundary is at the Canada/US border, but in geological terms it might be considered to be at Marias Pass in northern Montana.
The range is adjacent the Atascosa Mountains at its north, with both ranges in the center of a north-south sequence of ranges called the Tumacacori Highlands.
It is a northern foothill of the Cantabrian Mountains.
The Ichabod Range is a mountain range in Elko County, Nevada.
The Vosges, also called the Vosges Mountains, are a range of low mountains in eastern France, near its border with Germany.
It lies just outside Quttinirpaaq National Park and is one of the northernmost mountain ranges in the world forming part of the Arctic Cordillera.
Mountains of the Alaska Peninsula and Unimak Island
Recreational development of the range began in the early 20th century, when mountain resorts were built around new irrigation reservoirs.
The Plott Balsams are named for the Plott family, whose ancestor, George Plott, immigrated to North Carolina in the late 18th century from Germany.
The northern section of the Hot Creek Range has two distinct crests.
Much of the mountain range is protected within the Tortolita Mountain Park, established in 1986 by Pima County and slated for further expansion.
The range is situated approximately 30 km east of the township of Narrabri.
It straddles Aragon, Castile-La Mancha and Castile and León.
Dark colored tailings from past metal refining at the complex can be observed from the adjacent freeway, I-80.
The range runs approximately east to west.
The San Blas Range, is a mountain range north of Lake Bayano, and runs adjacent the San Blas Islands in Panama.
It is famous as the location of the Palomar Observatory and Hale Telescope, and known for the Palomar Mountain State Park.
The Trainer Hills are a low mountain range of the eastern Sacramento Valley, located in Yuba County, California.
The Cordillera Domeyko is a mountain range of the Andes located in northern Chile, west of Salar de Atacama.
Akçalı Mountains, Bolkar Mountains, Anti-Taurus Mountains, Tahtalı Mountains, Aladaglar Mountain
The Silvermine Mountains are a mountain range situated in County Tipperary in Ireland.
They lie adjacent to the north end of the Wilson Creek–White Rock ranges and the old mining camp of Atlanta.
The highest point of the hills is Comanche Mountain, at 364 feet in elevation.
The Rubies are dry mountains, so springs are few.
The mountain range comprises several lesser ranges, the highest of which is Łysogóry.
The Table Rocks are jointly owned; The Nature Conservancy is responsible for 3,591 acres, while the Bureau of Land Management is responsible for 1,280 acres.
7,877 feet, is a small mountain range west of Choteau, Montana in Teton County, Montana.
The north end of the range merges with the Wilson Creek Range on the west.
The Mosquito Range is a high mountain range in the Rocky Mountains of central Colorado in the United States.
A peasant farming economy operated within these valleys for many centuries until the glaciers and mountains were discovered by the outside world in the 18th century.
The Slieveardagh Hills and Booley Hills extend westwards from County Kilkenny to County Tipperary.
It is traversed by the Periadriatic Seam, separating the Apulian tectonic plate from the Eurasian Plate.
The Draper portion contains the Suncrest community, while the Lehi portion contains the Traverse Mountain community.
The range is a small northeast trending range typical of the Basin and Range Province.
Upon the summit of Takachiho was stuck the mysterious spear Ama-no-Sakahoko, by the legendary Ninigi-no-Mikoto.
Cardigan Peak at 2,922 feet lies in the main mountain mass to the west of Ajo.
Since the 18th century the mountains have contributed significantly to the mineral sector of the Russian economy.
A second, mountainous, zone, located between the Transversal del Caribe and Troncal de Occidente also has agriculture as the main activity.
The Mountain Home Range is a north-south trending mountain range in western Beaver County in southwest Utah, United States.
Such places are major tourist attractions and are basis of economy for the province of British Columbia.
They are in the Southern Inner California Coast Ranges.
The group was named in 1953 to celebrate the coronation of Queen Elizabeth II as Canada's sovereign.
It takes its name from the town of Murrhardt in the centre.
The Waterman Mountain range is in the Ironwood Forest National Monument.
Although sometimes referred to as the Ozark Mountains, the region is actually a high and deeply dissected plateau.
The Trans-Alay Range is the northernmost range of the Pamir Mountain System.
The Derryveagh Mountains are the major mountain range in County Donegal, Ireland.
They are a sub-range of the Sangre de Cristo Mountains, in the southern Rocky Mountains System.
While some peaks are rugged enough to require technical climbing, most can be climbed by a simple, yet arduous hike.
Geologically, these flat-topped hills are similar to the Waterberg Massif, located about 100 km to the south.
They cover an area of c. 240 km² between the Primiero, Valle del Biois and Agordino.
Kelso Peak, at 4,764 feet, is the principal peak of the range.
The Oberhalbstein Alps or Platta Group are a mountain range in the Alps of eastern Switzerland and northern Italy.
The Fletcher Hills are a low mountain range in the Peninsular Ranges, in southwestern San Diego County, California.
There is only one highway traversing the Lillooet Ranges, Hwy 99 from Mount Currie to Lillooet, via the valley of Cayoosh Creek.
The Western Beskids are a set of mountain ranges spanning the Czech Republic, Slovakia, and Poland.
Today, the border between Germany and the Czech Republic runs just north of the main crest of the mountain range.
The Zarafshan Range is a mountain range in Tajikistan and Uzbekistan, part of the Pamir-Alay mountains.
They are within Austrian East Tyrol and Carinthia, and Italian Friuli and marginally in Veneto of the Friuli-Venezia Giulia region.
The former name for the Black Hills was the Black Mountains.
State Road 90 from Silver City skirts the southern perimeter of the range on its route to Lordsburg.
The highest hill in the entire Wasgau is the Grand Wintersberg near Niederbronn-les-Bains in northern Alsace.
The Emperor Ferdinand Northern Railway built in 1840-41 from Břeclav to Přerov also traversed the Lower Morava Valley.
To the south, the valley of San Jose Creek separates the San Jose Hills from the Puente Hills and Chino Hills.
Visitors to Mount Rainier can view the range from the Paradise area, and the range is popular with hikers.
The region is particularly notable for its karst areas with their deep river gorges, large caves and specific sculptured forms, such as the Trigrad Gorge.
Mountain goats are seen at the higher elevations of the Palisades ridge as of Aug 7 2016.
So is Black Hills Community Hospital and the local soccer club the Blackhills Football Club.
The Krag Mountains are a mountain range on northern Baffin Island, Nunavut, Canada.
Together with South Mountain, the two ranges form the Annapolis Highlands region.
This northern group of mountains continues to Telegraph Peak, and then descends to Egan Creek, almost merging with the Cherry Creek Range.
It occupies parts of southwestern North Rhine-Westphalia, northwestern Rhineland-Palatinate and the south of the German-speaking Community of Belgium.
These mountains and their neighboring ranges are a desolate place with little human habitation.
Ajo, is in the center-east of the range, and is famous for the New Cornelia open pit copper mine located in the Little Ajo Mountains.
The Biellese Alps are a sub-range of the Pennine Alps located between Piemonte and Aosta Valley.
This is also the highest point in the Brisbane River catchment.
This section of the mountain range, part of the Pacific Coast Ranges, contains peaks as high as 3,710 feet for Rogers Peak.
It is composed of several stratovolcanoes and lava domes, including:
The Greenwater Range is a mountain range located in the eastern Mojave Desert in Inyo County, California.
A site on the Beaverhead National Forest just off the Wise River Road, called Crystal Park, is available for the public to dig for quartz crystals.
A 4x4 track traverses Rapanyan's Neck, the defile that separates these easterly subranges.
The Slate Ridge is a mountain range in Esmeralda County, Nevada.
This range includes the following mountains and peaks:
The Endicott Mountains are separated from the Philip Smith Mountains by the Middle Fork of the Koyukuk River, the Dalton Highway, and Atigun Pass.
Wilhelm Deecke said: "...its etymology is doubtful but some derive it from the Ligurian-Celtish Pen or Ben, which means mountain peak."
The Waputik Range lies west of the upper Bow Valley, east of Bath Creek, and south of Balfour Creek in the Canadian Rockies.
The Radstadt Tauern are a subrange of the Central Eastern Alps in Austria.
The San Felipe Hills are a low mountain range in eastern San Diego County, southern California.
The Little Burro Mountains are a short 15 mi long, mountain range located in Grant County, New Mexico.
The Luang Prabang Range, named after Luang Prabang, is a mountain range straddling northwestern Laos and Northern Thailand.
The AVE classifies it as its own group.
Located between the heads of Bute Inlet on the east and Knight Inlet on the west, it is extremely rugged and glaciated.
Belledonne is a mountain range in the Dauphiné Alps in southeast France.
It is stretched in a north-south direction and considered to be the core of the Pamir mountain system.
The Safford copper mine is located on the south flank of the range.
The mountains were formed over tens of millions of years as the African and Eurasian tectonic plates collided.
Both the state and federal government manage forests in the Oregon Coast Range.
It has an area of 7526 km2 and is a subrange of the Hazelton Mountains which in turn form part of the Interior Mountains.
The Tenmile Range includes Pacific Tarn, believed to be the highest named lake in the United States.
It is named for Black Rock Point, which is located at the southern end of the range.
The range consists of scattered protrusions of granitic rock that have been weathered into rounded and rugged hills.
The range lies within Quttinirpaaq National Park which is one of the two most northerly park on Earth with Northeast Greenland National Park in Greenland.
It includes a group of volcanic plugs, the largest of which is The Thumb.
The valley of the small river Bizakos separates it from the higher Valtou mountains to the east.
The range was reputedly named by the Spanish in the 1700s, the name "Abajo" meaning "low".
The Victor Mine is found at the southeastern end of the range near Midland.
It has an area of 79 km2 and consists of hills.
The Salzkammergut Mountains are a mountain range of the Northern Limestone Alps, located in the Austrian states of Salzburg and Upper Austria.
It lies between towns of Niška Banja on the northwest and Babušnica on the southeast, with a ridge branching towards Bela Palanka on north.
Somewhat difficult part of the trail is a "Three steps from the death" running the main ridge by ridge Custura Arpaşului the lake Capra.
The Pinto Peak Range is a mountain range in Washoe County, Nevada.
Other than logging and various hydroelectric developments, and a large ski resort at Whistler, most of the land in the range is completely undeveloped.
The mountains have long been inhabited by the indigenous Kumeyaay people.
The Little High Rock Mountains is a mountain range in Washoe County, Nevada.
The High Tauern are a mountain range on the main chain of the Central Eastern Alps, comprising the highest peaks east of the Brenner Pass.
The range runs north—south along the eastern coast of the Red Sea.
Found near the town of Manokwari, the mountains are an important and threatened site of biodiversity, part of the Vogelkop Montane Rain Forests Ecoregion.
The Selamiut Range is a mountain range on the northernmost tip of Labrador, Canada.
RAX-2 launched on October 28, 2011 as part of the NASA ELaNa-3 mission.
After European settlement in the region, the range was used as a major source of timber for Melbourne.
Yearly sunshine duration is around 1950–2000 hours.
The Elk Mountains are a high, rugged mountain range in the Rocky Mountains of west-central Colorado in the United States.
Tibesti, which means "place where the mountain people live," is the domain of the Toubou people.
The Tahtsa Ranges are a mountain range in northern British Columbia, Canada.
Interstate 80 follows the Truckee River basin to the south of the range.
This is also the place where the famous Brazilian band "Mamonas Assassinas" died in a plane crash.
The range is north-south trending and located between the Juab Valley west and the Sanpete Valley east.
The Innuitian Mountains are a mountain range in Nunavut and the Northwest Territories, Canada .
An early noting of the existence of the Sierra Pinta Range was in the explorations of Anza.
The Okanagan Range was seen as bounded by the Pasayten River on the west and continuing east to Chopaka Mountain.
Their southern end between the upper Stave River and Pitt Lake is north of the municipality of Maple Ridge, and forms Golden Ears Provincial Park.
The plateaus are used to graze livestock in the winter and harvest grain in the summer.
It has a length of about 25 km and a width of 3–8 km and rises to an elevation of 323 meters.
The village of Silvermines is located to the north of Keeper Hill and has been a mining centre since the 14th century.
The Precipitous Mountains are a mountain range on northern Baffin Island, Nunavut, Canada.
The Altdorf Forest is a forested, low mountain ridge between Aulendorf and Vogt in the county of Ravensburg in the German state of Baden-Württemberg.
Ten miles to the northwest is Newcastle, Wyoming.
The name is derived from the Slavic dub which means oak.
The Mormon Mountains are home to several different species of lizards, and ground snakes, toads and bullfrogs can be found in the region.
The Southern Rocky Mountains are generally divided from the Western Rocky Mountains by the Green River and the Colorado River below the Green River.
The midpoint of the range is in the area of Fourth of July Flat.
This northwest trending mountain range extends from Ware to Fox Pass.
It is mostly contained within the Jarbidge Ranger District of the Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest.
The southern slopes are bare cliffs and mountain steppe; the northern slopes are covered with forests.
The great east wall was first climbed in 1872, from Macugnaga.
The Pre-Pyrenees are the foothills of the Pyrenees.
The area is also home to thriving populations of butterflies, deer, mountain lions, and squirrels.
The Eastern Ghats are not as high as the Western Ghats.
The Seward Mountains is a small mountain range in southeastern Alaska, United States, located on the upper Portland Canal.
This densely forested and thinly populated range gives rise to several streams and rivers including the tributaries of Narmada and Wainganga rivers.
The southernmost peak contains an active fire lookout staffed by the USFS which can be accessed by Forest route 16N02A in the summer months.
During the 1962–63 and 1963–64 seasons, the University of Minnesota expeditions made geologic and cartographic surveys of the range.
Crested Butte, 12,162 ft, home of Crested Butte Mountain Resort
Higher elevations are covered in lodgepole pine and whitebark pine, while lower elevations contain ponderosa pine and douglas fir intermixed with grassy parks and meadows.
This mountain range also serves as a sacred marker to the Yavapai people.
To the east of the mountain range lies Sulphur Springs Valley, and the San Pedro River and Valley to the west.
The Maikal Hills are range of hills in the state of Chhattisgarh India.
They form part of the western border of the Nōbi Plain.
The Arakan Mountains run from Cape Negrais in the south in to the Manipur State of India in the north.
The Cantilever Range is a subrange of the Lillooet Ranges subgrouping of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains.
The northern part of the range features rugged Bell and Limekiln Canyons, which contain 700' high cliff faces, ledges, talus, caves and rock walls.
They are located near Yucaipa, east of the city of San Bernardino in San Bernardino County.
Unusual for Australia, the mountain range experiences large natural snowfalls every winter.
In the north-west corner one finds the relatively low, but widespread, and very furrowed Napf.
It is on the southwestern edge of the Southern Black Forest, from which it is geologically distinct.
The Truckee River runs through the valley to the west of the range.
The Harcuvar Mountains and Little Harquahala Mountains lie to the east across the Ranegras Plain.
It is the main river of the 3,373,134 hectares Terra do Meio Ecological Station.
The Bear Pond Mountains are a sub-range in the Appalachian Mountains, that straddle Pennsylvania and Maryland in the United States.
The sourcewaters are in the valley's northeast terminus region in the Long Valley Junction area.
The Ayapel Mountains divides the watersheds of the San Jorge and Cauca Rivers, as well as forming a natural border between Antioquia and Córdoba Departments.
Mines in the range include the Mollusk, Blue Buzzard and Iron Horse mines along the eastern end.
Native American peoples known as the Hohokam heavily occupied the area for approximately 700 years beginning around AD 500.
The Southern Limestone Alps extend from the Sobretta-Gavia range in Lombardy in the west to the Pohorje in Slovenia in the east.
The range extends from Cedared Creek near Spillimacheen north to the Kicking Horse River.
Hagerman Pass is another pass to the north, connecting the Arkansas Headwaters near Leadville with the upper valley of the Fryingpan River.
The Cabinet Mountains Wilderness is located east of the Bull River near Noxon, Montana in roughly the center of the range.
The Baikal Mountains are the origin of the Lena River.
In Utah, the northeast of the mountains are bordered by Coral Pink Sand Dunes State Park.
It extends between 12°37' and 13°07'S and 75°00' and 75°30'W for about 50 km.
Maroon Peak and North Maroon Peak are collectively known as the Maroon Bells, a popular destination for recreation alpinism.
The Haihte Range contains some of the largest remaining glaciers on Vancouver Island.
The range includes the town of Cloudcroft, a popular resort; the town of Ruidoso, also popular for recreation, lies on its northern edge.
The Ougarta Range is named after the village and oasis of Ougarta, which lies amongst the mountains.
This mountain range is located in western Humboldt County and the northwestern corner of Pershing County, approximately 30 miles north of the town of Gerlach, Nevada.
The dominant Panamint Range lies to the north of the Crystal Hills.
Both ranges form the eastern border of the Wah Wah Valley Hardpan and the usually dry Sevier Lake which both have the same northeasterly trendline.
As seen from Salt Lake City, the view of the mountain range is dominated by the displaced rock material dug from the Kennecott mine.
7,119 feet, is a small mountain range in the northeast corner of Glacier National Park in Glacier County, Montana that parallels the international boundary with Canada.
The first European explorer in the area was Ludwig Leichhardt.
The range runs roughly east–west, beginning with the southeastern Tatoosh Peak and concluding with the western Eagle Peak.
Here along the Big Wood River forests exist along the base of the mountains, while the northern extent of the range has much more sagebrush.
The Upemba depression lies to the west of the Kibara mountains.
It extends between 15°02' and 15°26'S and 71°43' and 72°37'W for about 80 km.
The Gila Mountains of Graham County are a mountain range in central-east Arizona.
The community of Eureka is an old mining town near the center of the range.
It covers approximately 15 percent of the country.
Vimy Ridge is a mountain ridge in east-central British Columbia, Canada.
The Chalk Mountains are a mountain range in Brewster County, Texas.
The Aralar Range is a mountain range in the Basque Mountains of Southern Basque Country.
The predominant igneous rock is porphyritic hornblende diorite.
Forming the southern boundary of the Tualatin Valley, the Chehalems are the highest mountains in the Willamette Valley.
The range forms part of the Gennargentu National Park.
The Mesquite Hills are a low mountain range in the Mojave Desert, in San Bernardino County, southern California.
The Lizard Range is a mountain range south-east of Fernie, British Columbia in the Canadian Rockies.
Its west side is drained by the South Fork Flathead River which forms Hungry Horse Reservoir.
At its base there is a popular guest house called Memurubu.
The Waddington Range is a subrange of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in southwestern British Columbia, Canada.
The highest point in the range is Mount Powell, at 10,168 ft. in elevation.
Large beds of lava, some extending under the floor of the San Luis Valley, are characteristic of the eastern slope of the San Juans.
It is bordered by the Vogelsberg, Rhön and Odenwald.
Most of the range lies in Poland.
The range lies about 60 miles northeast of Yuma in the southwestern part of the state.
The Dauphiné Prealps are a mountain range in the south-western part of the Alps.
In some classification systems it is considered part of the Coast Mountains.
Cordillera de Guanacaste is divided into two sections:
Slieve Foy at 588 metres is the highest peak on the eastern ridge and the highest peak in County Louth.
This range includes the following mountains and peaks:
They are closely affiliated with two related small ranges, the Long Pines, also within Carter County, and the Short Pines, contained primarily within nearby South Dakota.
It is part of the larger Bohemian Massif and the German Central Uplands.
It has an area of 9001 km2 and is a subrange of the Pelly Mountains which in turn form part of the Yukon Ranges.
The mountaineer Evelio Echevarría uses the term for the La Viuda range and the Khaskaqucha range.
The Moonbi Range, a mountain range that is part of the Great Dividing Range, is located in the Northern Tablelands of New South Wales, Australia.
It is part of the Chilean Coast Range System.
In British India, the major part of the hills came under the Naga Hills district.
A memorial dedicated to leukemia victim Lyn Lowry, who died in 1965, is situated atop Lowry's namesake mountain.
This highly dissected volcanic edifice consists of a variety of rock types, including basanite, hawaiite, trachyte, rhyolite, phonolite and alkali olivine basalt.
The Florida Mountains are a small 12-mi long, mountain range in New Mexico.
The Kamma Mountains are the site of Nevada's Sulphur Mining District.
All are tributaries to the Koshi River via Arun River on the north and east or Dudh Kosi on the south.
They are situated between Lake Geneva and the Mont Blanc Massif.
The mountain range lies east of Yuma and the community of Fortuna Foothills lies on the northwest mountain range foothills,.
Mount Helen 7,120 ft at 37°30.39′N 116°44.46′W
The range is approximately 22 miles in length with a width of about 5 mi.
The San Felipe Hills are a mountain range in Santa Clara County, California, located partly in the city of San Jose.
4,058 feet, is a set of major foothills of the Big Belt Mountains to the east of Helena, Montana in Lewis and Clark County, Montana.
The Dammastock massif on the south is the most glaciated part while the northern part, which culminates on Titlis, has lower summits but greater extent.
The Sheepshead Mountains are a mountain range in Malheur County, Oregon.
The range lies about 70 km north-northwest of Kathmandu.
The name "Hogfonna" means "the high snowfield" in the Norwegian language.
The range is protected by the 120,092 hectares Serra de Santa Bárbara State Park, created in 1997.
It covers the northwestern part of Kanagawa Prefecture and touches the prefectural borders of Shizuoka Prefecture to the west and the Yamanashi Prefecture to the north.
The surrounding lowlands have rich alluvial soils supporting viticulture and other deciduous fruit farms.
It spans 5–10 km from north to south and 30 km from east to west.
Gila Bend, Arizona is located at the southeast of the bend, on Interstate 8.
The highpoint of the range located in the Coronado National Forest section is 7,481 ft, however the high point of the entire range is Mt.
To the plateau's northeast is the Queen Charlotte Lowland, which is part of the Hecate Depression and includes the Argonaut Plain.
Among the rivers in Spain and Portugal having their source in Sierra de la Culebra, the Castro River, Tera, Tuella, Sabor and Maçãs, deserve mention.
The Sierra Pelona Mountains, or the Sierra Pelona Ridge, is a mountain range of the Transverse Ranges in Southern California.
There are several camping areas and four wheel drive roads.
The highest peak is Măgura Priei Peak - 996 m.
The range is named after the Coeur d'Alene Tribe.
The Ahmar Mountains is a mountain range of the Ethiopian Highlands, located in the eastern Oromia Region of Ethiopia.
The earliest recorded visit was in 1911 by Philip Smith, a geologist.
Starting in the mid-19th century during a gold rush, the settlers forced the Takelma tribe away from the Table Rocks and into reservations.
In 1974, parts of the range became a national park and the park was extensively enlarged in 2002.
The Cordillera Occidental is the lowest in elevation of the three branches of the Colombian Andes.
The range lies within the restricted area of the Tonopah Test Range.
The highest peak of the range is 4185 m.
The mountain range spans an area of 2,590 square miles and its two highest peaks are the 7,352-foot Cherry Peak and the 6,837-foot Patricks Knob.
This smooth range runs in a N - S direction.
The Tordrillos are bordered on the south by the Chigmit Mountains, the northernmost extension of the Aleutian Range.
They are named after the Salzkammergut historic region, part of the Hallstatt-Dachstein / Salzkammergut Cultural Landscape UNESCO World Heritage Site.
The area is known as Aputjilpinya in the native Yankunytjatjara language.
The Skedaddle Mountains are a mountain range in eastern Lassen County, California, near Nevada.
The Sahwaves are a north – south trending range typical of the Basin and Range Province.
The highest point in the range is Jengish Chokusu).
The range is considered very scenic and rugged with many bare summits and ledges ranging from 1,800 to 2,290 feet.
The Meadow Valley Mountains is a mountain range in Lincoln and Clark counties in southern Nevada.
The mountain range is contained entirely within the boundaries of Big Bend National Park.
The Railroad Valley lies to the east and the Reveille Valley to the west.
It is found in both Clark and Lincoln Counties in the Desert National Wildlife Refuge.
Curramore Sanctuary, Mapleton Falls National Park and Kondalilla National Park are also located on the range.
Many spectacular side gorges add to the appeal of the area, which is included in the Expedition National Park.
The North Pahroc Range is a mountain range in Lincoln County, Nevada.
The San Joaquin Hills are a low mountain range of the Peninsular Ranges System, located in coastal Orange County, California.
Most of the range lies within Beaverhead-Deerlodge and Gallatin National Forests.
Alongside the cultural landmarks the mountain is also famous for the Seven Rila Lakes.
The company believes the site has the potential to "develop into a bulk mineable target".
The Sentinel Hills are a mountain range in Humboldt County, Nevada.
The peaks average approximately 6,000 ft in summit elevation, with the highest, Unicorn Peak, measuring at a height of 6,917 ft.
It is located in Tissemsilt Province, named after Théniet El Haâd, a town near this park.
The Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest lies at the western end of the Excelsior Mountains.
They cover the provinces of Treviso, Pordenone and part of Vicenza.
Access to the Chiricahua Mountains and Coronado National Forest is through Willcox from the north, Douglas from the south, and Rodeo from the east.
The Wetterstein mountains, also simply called the Wetterstein, is a mountain group in the Northern Limestone Alps within the Eastern Alps.
The Serra do Cachimbo complex is partly a continuous mass of mountains with a south west alignment, partly plateau with flat-bottomed valleys.
The Voras Mountains, also known as Nidže are a mountain range situated on the border between Greece and the Republic of Macedonia.
Toowong Creek starts on the eastern slope of Mt Coot-tha and travels through the Botanic Gardens on its way to the Brisbane River.
The Tobin Range includes Mount Tobin, a 9,754 feet summit that dominates the surrounding area.
They are a range of the Tatra Mountains chain.
The Hottentots Holland Mountains are part of the Cape Fold Belt in the Western Cape, South Africa.
It is located on the border between Alleghany County, VA, Monroe County, WV, Giles Co.,VA, and Craig Co.,VA.
Askio is a mountain range in the northwestern part of the Kozani and the eastern part of the Kastoria regional units in northern Greece.
The only recorded eruption was in 1652, but seven other eruptions have taken place in the cinder cone group in the last 10,000 years.
It is about 6 kilometres from the Canada–United States border.
It was named by Simpson because "...of its well-defined stratification and the resemblance of portions of its outline to domes, minarets, houses, and other structures."
Arivaca is immediately to the southeast and the old mining townsite of Las Guijas is in the wash just north of the range.
It merges towards the east with the Sierra de los Filabres mountain range.
It was the site of a magnitude 7.2 earthquake on December 20, 1932 that was felt throughout much of the west.
It is located in Blouberg Local Municipality, Capricorn District.
The other major peaks are Djebel Rhemouma and Djebel Berga Saida, both located in the northwest.
Major peaks in the range include The Acropolis, Mount Geryon, The Parthenon, Mount Eros, Mount Hyperion, Mount Massif, Mount Achilles, and Falling Mountain.
The Royston Hills are a mountain range in Nye County, Nevada.
Hochschober, 3,242 metres, though its highest peak is Mt.
The Insular Mountains are rugged, particularly on Vancouver Island where peaks in Strathcona Provincial Park rise to elevations of more than 2000m.
It is located in an area stretching between the town of Stephenville in the south and the city of Corner Brook in the north.
They are the eastern most mountains in Montana.
The Spotted Range is a mountain range in Clark County, Nevada.
U.S. Route 33 crosses the mountain between Franklin, West Virginia, and Harrisonburg, Virginia.
State Highway 133 traverses McClure Pass, at the western end of the range.
"Birksgate" was the name of Elder's house in Adelaide.
The term Parhar originates from a Hittite word meaning "high" or "summit".
All of these foothills are generally considered part of larger ranges.
The small Pike Creek Hills are 12 miles to the east.
Between the Owl Mountains and the Kamienne Mountains:
The Murphy Range is a small subrange of the Kitimat Ranges, located on the westernmost side of Princess Royal Island, British Columbia, Canada.
Dovre National Park, founded 2003, connecting the protected areas in the Dovrefjell-Sunndalsfjella National Park with Rondane National Park.
The Pantheon Range is a subrange of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in British Columbia.
The Stack's Mountains are a mountain range about seven kilometres northeast of Tralee, along the N69 road in County Kerry in Ireland.
While there are no permanent settlements in the Byam Martin Mountains, Inuit from Pond Inlet and elsewhere regularly travel to the range.
The range is a southern continuation of the Mimbres Mountains, itself the southeast portion of the extensive north-south running Black Range.
The average altitude of the hill range is approximately 1000 metres above sea level.
The Peacock Mountains are a small, 26-mi long  mountain range in northwest Arizona, USA.
The Monte Cristo Mountains are a mountain range in Nye County, Nevada.
The McCoy Mountains are located in southeastern California in the United States.
This long mountain is bordered by the Platte River Mountains on the north and the Tarryall Mountains on the south.
It extends in a northeasterly direction approximately between 14º 20’ and 14º 33’S and 70º 57’ and 71º 02’W for about 10 km.
It consists of fourteen major peaks, and was named for Canada's Centennial in 1967.
They were named after the town of Sedco Hills, located on their west side.
The former capital of Kazakhstan, Almaty, is located at the foot of the range.
The Mid Hills are located entirely within Mojave National Preserve.
The peak is 3,776 feet high, and is located at 33°05′04″N 114°08′36″W.
Its villages lie around the ridge itself.
The Mummy Range is a mountain range in the Rocky Mountains of northern Colorado in the United States.
The highest point is Vysoká, at 1,024 m, in the easternmost part of the range.
The Tobacco Root Mountains lie in the northern Rocky Mountains, between the Jefferson and Madison Rivers in southwest Montana.
Lush riparian areas are home to the Coeur d'Alene Salamander and tailed frog.
Guijarral is derived from a Spanish word meaning "heap of pebbles".
The Nass Ranges are a mountain range north of the Skeena River, west of Hazelton, and northeast of Terrace, British Columbia, Canada.
In last weekend in February there is a mountaineering event called “Zimski uspon na Trem”, that gathers over 600 mountaineers from all parts of the Balkans.
The hills define the eastern side of Apple Valley, both the landform and community.
Morgan Wash drains the southeast wilderness border to the southeast into Mohawk Valley.
The Dachstein Mountains are a mountain range in the Northern Limestone Alps.
The Sand Hills are a mountain range in Harney County, Oregon.
The Gila Mountains of Yuma County are a northwest-southeast trending mountain system.
The River Mountains are a mountain range in Clark County, Nevada that demarcate the Las Vegas Watershed from the Lake Mead Watershed.
It borders the Gila River and Gila Valley on the valley's northeast in north-central Graham County; also the San Carlos Indian Reservation.
the "South Chilcotin", while to the northwest is Ts'il?os Provincial Park.
The range lies within the eastern section of the Inyo National Forest.
This area is under consideration for protection as a Flora and Fauna Sanctuary by the Colombian government.
The ancient faulting that produced the Llano Uplift is believed to be related to that which produced the Marathon Uplift in west Texas.
They are separated from the Vogelsberg Mountains by the river Fulda and its valley.
The Horned Toad Hills are a low mountain range in the Mojave Desert, in southeastern Kern County, California.
The Sevier River borders the range on the north, northeast, east, and southeast.
The dominant vegetation throughout is grasses and big sagebrush; however, there are meadows with cottonwood, aspen, and willow groves along some stream drainages.
The Caraballo Mountains is a mountain range in the central part of Luzon island in the Philippines, situated between Cordillera Central and Sierra Madre mountain ranges.
It includes the highest point in the peninsula, 3,478 m high Mulhacén in the Sierra Nevada.
The range includes Hough Peak, and Macomb Mountain, Grace Peak, South Dix, and Dix Mountain, the sixth highest peak in the state.
Much of the mountain range is within the Sawtooth Wilderness, part of the Sawtooth National Recreation Area and Sawtooth National Forest.
In many places, however, the mountains have become sinuous islands of natural landscape within the suburban sprawl covering much of contemporary northeastern New Jersey.
At the southern end of the range is Towne Pass, at 1,511 meters.
The National Park Service offered to take the property and incorporate it into Big Bend National Park.
7,923 feet, is a small mountain range northwest of Philipsburg, Montana in Granite County, Montana.
Its highest point is 1,675 m high Cerro Buenavista.
The Sand Range is a mountain range in Washoe County, Nevada.
Peaks include Hallam Peak) and Cranberry Mountain).
The White Rock caldera associated with this range was the site of one of the Large volume volcanic eruptions in the Basin and Range Province.
The range trends from northeast to southwest.
The Tintic Mining District is located in the central part of the range.
The rocks are composed of sediments of the Stormberg Series of the Karoo System.
The Hiller Mountains are a mountain range in Clark County, Nevada.
It lies in the northern-central part of the preserve, and is an east-west canyon with relatively steep drainage.
Eagle Mountain, the highest point in Minnesota at 2,301 feet, is considered to be part of the Misquah Hills..
The range extends south-southeast from Guadalupe Pass at the southern extent of the Guadalupe Mountains and Guadalupe Mountains National Park.
The range consists of a NNW–SSE trending ridge with several shorter ridges extending off the main ridge to the ENE.
The region is now a major tourist destination, drawing in over six million visitors per year.
The Front Range runs north-south between Casper, Wyoming and Pueblo, Colorado and rises nearly 10,000 feet above the Great Plains.
The 22-mile Wapack Trail, one of the oldest interstate hiking trails in the United States, traverses it.
It was discovered in January 1841 by Captain James Ross, who named them for the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty under whose orders he served.
Other significant peaks include Mianzimu, Cogar Laka and Jiariren-an.
Geologically, the Kitakami Mountains are Paleozoic and Mesozoic formations, divided into northern and southern groups.
Paleontologists have found fossils here of some of the earliest dinosaurs, including the Herrerasaurus and Eoraptor lunensis.
The Snowcrest Range receives very little use outside of hunting season.
The Acarnanian Mountains is a mountain range in the northwestern part of the Aetolia-Acarnania regional unit in western Greece.
The Cambridge Hills are a mountain range in Lyon County, Nevada.
The Kaweka Range of mountains is located in inland Hawke's Bay in the eastern North Island of New Zealand.
The southern part of the range lies in the restricted Naval Air Weapons Station China Lake.
The Black Hills are a mountain range in the Mojave Desert, in northwestern San Bernardino County, California.
The area is named after gold miner John W. Scott who found a large gold nugget at what is now the town of Scott Bar.
The Kingston Range, sometimes called the Kingston Mountains, is located in Inyo and San Bernardino counties in the Mojave Desert in eastern California.
Localities Havešová, Stužica and Rožok are listed on the UNESCO World Heritage Site list.
Dense forests, pristine streams, rolling tundra, and grassy parks provide year-round habitat for grizzly bears, elk, and bighorn sheep.
Irazú Volcano National Park contains Irazú Volcano, the highest volcano of Costa Rica.
It runs in the general north-south direction through northern Sichuan and southernmost borderlands of Gansu.
The Alay or Alai Mountains constitute a mountain range that extends from the Tien Shan mountain range in Kyrgyzstan west into Tajikistan.
The range is located to the west of the community of Canebrake and the Carrizo Badlands.
At the west of the Pajaritos and adjacent to the San Luis range, and Cobre Ridge peaks, is the Pajarito Wilderness.
The Uri Alps are a mountain range in Central Switzerland and part of the Western Alps.
It continues the Schönbuch to the south(west) and is separated from it by the Tübingen Bay at the Neckar near Tübingen.
It constitutes a northern subrange of the Drakensberg system.
98,000 acres of the National Forest land are also a Wilderness Study Area.
Traditionally the Eastern Beskids are considered part of the Beskid Mountains, a term that differs according to historical and linguistic heritage.
The Patagonia Mountains are a 15 miles long mountain range within the Coronado National Forest, and in Santa Cruz County, Arizona.
The Hungry Range, or Hungry Mountain is a low, elongated mountain in Washoe County, Nevada, United States.
An old bootlegger's cabin is located on Fourteen Mile Creek.
It was built in the middle of the 13th century and it was the seat of the Lednice estate.
The Diabase Hills are a mountain range in Washoe County, Nevada.
It is almost entirely located within the Ancash Region.
The western third is in Xinjiang while the eastern part forms the border between Qinghai to the south and Xinjiang and Gansu to the north.
Recently, two ski resorts near Köroğlu Tepesi were inaugurated: Kartalkaya and Sarialan, with altitudes between 1,900 m and 2,378 m.
It is made up of an isolated and lesser continuous mountain chain compared to the Arfak Mountains.
The Dougherty Hills are a mountain range in Contra Costa County, California.
The Yatsugatake Mountains are a volcanic mountain range on the border between Nagano Prefecture and Yamanashi Prefecture on the island of Honshū in Japan.
In December 1959, he made airlifted geophysical observations along the 88th meridian west, including work near these mountains.
Though the range is surrounded by the Gobi desert, Yolyn Am contains a semi-permanent ice field.
It has an area of 235 km2 and is a subrange of the Boundary Ranges which in turn form part of the Coast Mountains.
Cuchumatán may also be a derivation of the Nahuatl word "kochmatlán" which means "place of the parrot hunters".
The Fra Cristobal Range, is a 17 mi long, mountain range in central-north Sierra County, New Mexico.
Within the tall hills is the Réserve faunique des Lacs-Albanel-Mistassini-et-Waconichi.
The ranges in the area are aligned in such a way that they link to the foothills of the Himalayas further to the northwest.
The Specter Range is a small mountain range in southeastern Nye County, Nevada.
It is situated between Semberija, Posavina, and Tuzla Canton.
The Pindus mountain range is located in northern Greece and southern Albania.
The Highland Mountains in Nevada connect with the Eldorado and Newberry mountains.
Several peaks are named after characters in Edmund Spenser’s allegorical poem, The Faerie Queene.
The Llobregat River has its sources in Castellar de n'Hug at an altitude of 1,259 meters on the Serra del Cadí.
Maximum altitude is 3856 m. North slopes are steep and rugged, and south ones are gentle.
De syv søstre is a mountain range on the island of Alsten in Norway.
Almost all the lakes of the Marble Mountains were formed by ancient glacial activity.
The Sierra de Santa Cruz is a small mountain range in eastern Guatemala.
The Beaverhead-Deerlodge National Forest and Lolo National Forest manage these mountains.
Depending on the definition, the range extends up to Gujarat in the west, and Uttar Pradesh and Bihar in the east.
The highest peak is Steflesti Peak at 2.242 metres.
The Pocono Mountains, commonly referred to as the Poconos, is a geographical, geological, and cultural region in Northeastern Pennsylvania, United States.
The elevation of the ridge is 6450 feet.
It is one of the most important agricultural areas for wine grapes, apricots and peaches, and vegetables such as tomatoes, peppers and cucumbers.
The intrusion of the granitic rock metamorphosed the rock into schist.
Geologically its composition is similar to that of the parallel Khun Tan Range and the Phi Pan Nam Range, both located further west.
The region is in the southwest of the Sevier Desert, and the southwest Great Basin Desert.
The range is 5550 km² in area and extremely rugged, with many sharp, glaciated peaks.
Mont Blanc spans the French–Italian border, and at 4,810 m is the highest mountain in the Alps.
The Sierra Estrella is a mountain range located southwest of Phoenix, Arizona.
The Dumont Hills are a low mountain range in the Mojave Desert, in northeastern San Bernardino County, southern California.
Cheat Mountain is an exceptionally high and rugged ridge situated in the Allegheny Mountains of eastern West Virginia, USA.
The Selenite Range is to the east beyond the San Emidio Desert and Poito Valley.
The Hope Mountains, and the "Anderson River Group" are separated from the main Skagit Range by distinct natural boundaries, but are otherwise similar in character.
It is composed of two main mountain chains running roughly east-west along the northern edge of the semi-arid Little Karoo.
The highest summit, Punta de l'Aigua has an elevation of 1,091.6 metres above sea level.
Landforms are diverse and range from valley floors and washes to steep-walled canyons, domed peaks, natural bridges, and eroded spires.
The hills date from the late Cenozoic era, and range up to over 1,000 feet.
Akaishi Mountains is a mountain range in central Honshū, Japan, bordering Nagano, Yamanashi and Shizuoka prefectures.
The highest peak is Mount Neacola, 9,426 feet although the name is not officially recognized.
The temple lies on the southern banks of Sri Swami Pushkarini, a holy water tank.
It runs perpendicular to the Andes in an east-west direction from Mocho-Choshuenco volcano to Cerros de Quimán.
Both massifs are located northeast of the Catholic mission at Kamarata.
The Calico Hills or Calico Mountains are a mountain range in northwestern Nevada.
The border to the southwest are the Bill Williams Mountains, and the Poachie Range with the large Arrastra Mountain Wilderness is northeast and east.
The highest peaks, which reach up to 3,837 m are in the department of Huehuetenango.
The Clarke Range, part of the Great Dividing Range, is a rainforest-covered mountain range located in North Queensland, Australia.
The drop from Dickson's summit to Downton Lake is c.2075m in only 5 km.
The highest peak is White Mountain, at 10,442 feet above sea level.
Trees found in the range include: Utah juniper, and single-leaf pinyon.
The Oxnard Plain is to the west of Santa Susana Mountains.
The Little Harquahala Mountains are a small, arid, low elevation mountain range of western-central Arizona, in the southeast of La Paz County.
11,015 ft., is the highest peak in the group.
The highest point in Lander County, Bunker Hill, is also located within the Toiyabe Range.
The Sneffels range form the southern border of Ouray County and run west to east.
Catalina State Park in the western foothills of the Catalinas attracts visitors for its hiking opportunities and permanent pools in Romero Canyon.
Below the Hungerburg - Seegrube section of the Nordkette Cableway runs the Nordkette Singletrail, one of the most challenging routes in Europe for freeride mountain bikers.
The Sesvenna Alps are drained by the rivers Inn and Adige.
Eastern Carpathians — southeastern Poland, eastern Slovakia, Ukraine, Romania.
The range is the most northern range in the world and of the Arctic Cordillera.
The Caucasus Mountains are a mountain system in West Asia between the Black Sea and the Caspian Sea in the Caucasus region.
The Potosí mountain range in Bolivia is situated east and southeast of the city of Potosí.
3,556 feet, is northwest of Missoula, Montana in Missoula County, Montana.
Drainages to the east include headwaters of the Arkansas River.
To the north is the Cherry Creek Range, while to the south is remote Cave Valley and the southern tip of the Schell Creek Range.
The Tochquonyalla Range is a subrange of the Tahtsa Ranges, located east of the Gamsby River and west of Lindquist Lake in northern British Columbia, Canada.
The Salmon River Range is a mountain range in Elko County, Nevada.
The Great Balsams are a subrange of the Blue Ridge Mountains, which in turn are a part of the Appalachian Mountains.
The Santa Ana Mountains are a short peninsular mountain range along the coast of Southern California in the United States.
Its southern slopes run through the Martakert region of Nagorno-Karabakh.
Midtre Skagastølstind: 2,284 m or 7,493 ft
The highest peak is 5,728 feet above sea level.
East of the Highlands is the Santa Cruz River Valley corridor.
The range is located in the east of the Ironwood Forest National Monument, and is located in a group of four mountain ranges.
Most of the thousands of summits in the Interior Mountains are unnamed, and they are mostly uninhabited and undeveloped.
It is a hook shaped range with the main eastern portion oriented northwest-southeast, approximately 20 miles long.
In February 2010 19 units of Vestas V90-3MW MW wind turbines are up and running.
The Kyimbi River originates in the Muganja plateau at a height of 6,560 feet.
The range lies just south of the village of Magdalena, and about 18 miles west of Socorro.
The Steenbras Dam, one of Cape Town's main supply dams, is located in the southern section of the range.
All these peaks are over 8,000 ft.
The range is located to the northeast of Granada city.
The Chiwaukum Mountains are a north-south mountain range in central Washington, United States.
The highest point in the Schwyzer Alps is the Glärnisch, at an elevation of 2,915 metres, which actually lies within the canton of Glarus.
To the north and northeast of the Dickson Range is the Spruce Lake Protected Area a.k.a.
The Fatra-Tatra Area or the Tatra-Fatra Belt of core mountains is a part of the Inner Western Carpathians, a subprovince of the Western Carpathians.
The highest point in Poland, Rysy, at 2,499 m is located south of Zakopane, on the border with Slovakia.
For the summit in California see Mission Peak.
The White Cloud Mountains are part of the Rocky Mountains of the western United States, located in central Idaho, southeast of Stanley in Custer County.
The Mule Mountains are a north/south running mountain range located in the south-central area of Cochise County, Arizona.
The drainage divide between the upper River Haná to the River Morava of the Danube basin runs through it and Rakovec brook.
Because of its proximity to densely populated regions, it is one of the most visited natural areas in California.
Most of Europe's large mammals inhabit the area including the brown bear, wolf, boar, chamois and deer.
The 242,500-acre Marble Mountain Wilderness is a forested area and contains 89 lakes stocked with trout.
The north side of the crest contains a small forest of white fir trees, which is extremely difficult to reach.
The Mineral Mountains are a 28-mile long mountain range located in east Beaver County, Utah.
Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks National Monument was declared a national monument on May 21, 2014.
The Sierra Nevada Observatory and the IRAM radiotelescope are located on the northern slopes at an elevation of 2,800 metres.
The mountains cover approximately 80 percent of the Togiak National Wildlife Refuge.
However, near river mouths the coast has been eroded and there are wide sandy beaches, tidal flats and even mangrove swamps.
The First Transcontinental Railroad was completed with the Golden Spike just north of the range at Promontory Summit in the Utah Territory.
Yucca Flat and Plutonium Valley lie to west and Frenchman Flat to the south.
As the provincial borders have not always been stable, this practice has resulted in some confusion about exactly where the montane borders are.
The Espinhaço Mountains were a major via through which Minas Gerais was settled during the Gold Rush of the 18th century.
It is a subrange of the Queen Charlotte Mountains which in turn form part of the Insular Mountains.
The Moccasin Mountains is an 11-mile-long mountain range located at the Arizona–Utah border in Mohave County, Arizona, and a small north section in Kane County, Utah.
Traditionally the Western Beskids were considered part of the Beskids, a term that differs according to historical and linguistic heritage.
Iōjima is one of three volcanic islands, two of which lie on the caldera rim.
Famous old San Juan mines include the Camp Bird and Smuggler Union mines, both located between Telluride and Ouray.
The Colville Range is a small mountain range in southwestern British Columbia, Canada, located on the north side of Mackenzie Sound and north of Broughton Island.
The Goldberg Group is a sub-group of the Hohe Tauern mountain range within the Central Eastern Alps.
The Bald Hills are a mountain range in Lassen County, California.
The highest point of the mountain, the Jinfeng Temple, measures 410 metres in height.
Prominent peaks in the range include Hagues Peak, Ypsilon Mountain, Mummy Mountain, and Mount Chiquita.
The area is characterized by very low rainfall, receiving less than 15 inches per year, on average.
The Hill range may be extended along the Penner River basin in Kadapa district.
In February 1945 nine people died on Mount Harrison when a B-24 Liberator Army Bomber crashed during a training mission in dense fog.
It has an area of 37 km2 and is a subrange of the Pacific Ranges which in turn form part of the Coast Mountains.
Whitehouse Mountain, 11,975 ft, northwest of Treasure Mountain
Hikers can access the lakes and Cathedral range by the John Muir trail from the trailhead in Tuolumne Meadows.
Jampui Hills is a hill range located in the North Tripura district in the north eastern part of the Indian state of Tripura.
Trollheimen is a mountain range in Møre og Romsdal and Sør-Trøndelag counties in central Norway.
Almost all of the land is privately held and has been repeatedly logged.
The range trends in an east-west direction, north of the Last Chance Range at the northern end of Death Valley National Park.
The Alleghenies comprise the rugged western-central portion of the Appalachians.
They are partially included in the Joshua Tree Wilderness.
The Growler Mountains is a 23-mile, long north-south trending mountain range of far western Pima County, Arizona that lies 12 miles west of Ajo, Arizona.
The highest peak of the range is Knockmealdown, situated in County Waterford.
The Cucomungo Mountains are a mountain range in Esmeralda County, Nevada.
The Endicott Mountains are a range of mountains, part of the Brooks Range in northern Alaska.
At 2,634 metres the Birnhorn is the highest peak in the range.
In the south the North Hungarian Mountains cover northern Hungary.
The Osgood Mountains are a mountain range in Humboldt County, Nevada.
Sky island ranges are mountains isolated by desert valleys.
Highest point of the mountains is at 1,716 metres.
The highest point in the range is Two Point Mountain at an elevation of 10,124 feet above sea level.
All the peaks can be climbed using marked paths, and on every summit there is a notebook where visitors can write their name.
They lie just inland from the southern end of the Boundary Ranges of the Coast Mountains, and also of the northern end of the Kitimat Ranges.
The range contains many extinct shield volcanoes, cinder cones and lava flows.
Its highest elevation, at 657 m above sea level, is the Fuchskaute in the High Westerwald.
The 110-mile range runs along most of the eastern side of California's Death Valley, separating it from Nevada's Amargosa Desert.
Prospect Hill is a hill in Pemulwuy, New South Wales about 30 kilometres west of central Sydney.
The Uwharrie  Mountains are a mountain range in North Carolina spanning the counties of Randolph, Montgomery, Stanly, and Davidson.
The highest point in the range is Chicoma Mountain at an elevation of 11,561 feet.
It has an area of 507 km2 and is a subrange of the Monashee Mountains which in turn form part of the Columbia Mountains.
The source of the River Elbe is within the Krkonoše.
The majority of the area is a nature reserve.
The range is considered to be a sub-range of the Jarbidge Mountains.
In 2003 it was announced that the International Appalachian Trail would be extended through the Long Range Mountains.
The southernmost part of the range reaches the Fitzroy River at Broadmount, east of Rockhampton.
The uplift of the Ōu mountain range began in late Miocene and the Kitakami Basin was born.
The peaks of the Shokanbetsudake Mountains include the following:
Chatkal Range is a range in the Western Tian Shan that borders Ferghana Valley from northwest.
Located at the base of the mountain is the small town of Sutter.
Near to Anchorage, they are a popular destination for outdoor activities.
The Mansiri range is also known as Manaslu Himal or the Gurkha Massif.
It is named after the highest of the mountains in the group, the Făgăraş Mountains.
Near the village of Langewahl in the Dubrower Berge is the Osterquelle spring.
It formed in an active area of volcanism on top of pahoehoe and aa lavas.
The name Kodar is derived from "khada", an Evenki word for rock.
The highest point of the range in the northwestern region is 4,669 feet meters.
Apolobamba Apolobamba) is a mountain range in the South American Andes.
Most of the land in the Pavant range is part of Fishlake National Forest.
Its highest summit is the 2,308 m high Lalla Khedidja in the Jurjura Range.
Morrissey ridge is a mountain range of the Border Ranges located south-east of Fernie.
Its western and south-western borders are marked by the Seleguá River which separates it from the Sierra Madre volcanic chain.
The Khun Tan Range is a mountain range that occupies a central position in Northern Thailand.
The plateau on the eastern boundary of the park continues to the nearby Lake Mountain cross country ski area.
3,104 feet, is a set of hills northeast of Malta, Montana in Phillips County, Montana.
The Sierra de la Cabrera is a subrange of the Montes de León.
Malá Fatra is basically one large karst feature.
The Basque Mountains are a mountain range situated in the northern Iberian Peninsula.
The Continental Divide National Scenic Trail is further south of the water divide in the Luera's, then meets the Continental Divide in the Black Range.
The Tasmanian highlands makes up the other alpine region present in Australia.
The Bow Range covers a surface area of 717 km², has a length of 34 km and a maximum width of 43 km.
In 1989, the United States Congress passed the Nevada Wilderness Protection Act establishing over 36,000 acres of the range as the East Humboldt Wilderness.
The range is located in the provinces of Castilla and Caylloma.
The mountains around Lake Baikal are densely wooded with Grey Alder, Eurasian Aspen, Downy Birch, Siberian Larch, Siberian Fir, Scots Pine, and Siberian Spruce.
The Sierra San Luis range is a mountain range in northwest Chihuahua, northeast Sonora, Mexico at the northern region of the Sierra Madre Occidental cordillera.
The Huachuca Mountain area is owned principally by the USDA Forest Service, the U.S. Army, and private land.
In the southern subalpine regions, the ranges are generally disorganized and lack the wide, deep valleys that divide them in the north.
Much of the range is protected in the Anaconda-Pintler Wilderness Area.
Some of the highest-elevation pronghorn habitat in Montana is found here.
It is one of the northernmost mountain ranges in the world forming part of the Arctic Cordillera mountain system.
elevation of the nearby valleys, making for particularly dramatic peaks.)
The Sikhote-Alin is a mountain range in Primorsky and Khabarovsk Krais, Russia, extending about 900 kilometres to the northeast of the Russian Pacific seaport of Vladivostok.
Other mountain ranges surrounding the Tucson valley include the Santa Catalina Mountains, the Rincon Mountains, the Tucson Mountains, and the Tortolita Mountains.
It is entirely contained within North Cascades National Park.
Telluride Airport at an elevation of 9,070 feet., is the highest in the United States with regularly scheduled commercial service.
The name comes from the Entiat tribe.
Mountains of the area are located in two ranges.
Windblown Ski Area, on and around Barrett Mountain, is one of the oldest operating cross country ski areas in the United States.
It lies on the historical division between Moravia and Silesia, hence the name.
From there, the range continues south for nearly 10 miles as a high crest, staying mostly above 10,000 feet.
Huascarán National Park, established in 1975, encompasses almost the entire range of the Cordillera Blanca.
The ridge rises at The Foxes Rock, and runs for roughly 6 km in a southeasterly direction to the town of Carlingford, County Louth.
These mountains are one of the ranges of the Saharan Atlas, part of the Atlas Mountain System.
The Montezuma Range is a mountain range in Esmeralda County, Nevada.
Composed mainly of basalt, the mountains were formed by several flows of the Grande Ronde basalt flows that were part of the larger Columbia River basalts.
Culturally, Rila is famous for the Rila Monastery, Bulgaria's largest and most important monastery, founded in the 10th century by Saint John of Rila.
The mountain range is approximately 18 miles long and is located just south of Interstate 10, about 5 mi southeast of Chuckawalla Valley State Prison.
Most of the range extends to the south of this peak, and is over 4,000 metres in elevation.
The highest point of the range is).
It is also home to the critically endangered brown spider monkey.
Other wildlife includes black bear, mountain goat, bighorn sheep, lynx, marten, and deer.
The Serra da Cantareira is a Brazilian mountain range to the north of the city of São Paulo in the São Paulo state.
It has an area of 2442 km2 and is a subrange of the Monashee Mountains which in turn form part of the Columbia Mountains.
The Dawna Range extends east of the Salween southwards from the Shan Hills for about 350 km, at the western limit of the Thai highlands.
In both countries, the mountain range has been declared a national park.
Most of the steep forested slopes of the range are state forests and Conondale National Park.
Kitasu Hill and Helmet Peak are the only two cones that are officially named.
The river traverses around the adjacent mountain ranges of the Valley and Canyon Mountains.
The Needle Mountains are a subrange of the San Juan Mountains of the Rocky Mountains located in the southwestern part of the U.S. State of Colorado.
The combination of favourable natural conditions and varied historical heritage contribute makes Pirin an important tourist destination.
The Hagerhorst Mountains are a mountain range in Klamath County, Oregon.
Severe weather conditions in the North Shore Mountains often contrast dramatically with mild conditions in nearby Vancouver.
Most of the range lies in the Hidaka-sanmyaku Erimo Quasi-National Park.
They form part of the 'Amatola and Stormberg' region which includes major towns like Grahamstown, East London and Port Alfred.
However, Genghis Khan’s grave has not been found yet.
The Rocky Mountains, commonly known as the Rockies, are a major mountain range in western North America.
About 15-mi northwest is Dugway and the entrance to the Dugway Proving Ground, on the southeast perimeter of the Great Salt Lake Desert.
It is located north of Kramsach, between the Tegernsee Blauberge and the central Rofan.
In the west, numerous ridges and gullies are heavily forested and designated as state forest or national park.
The Front Ranges are a group of mountain ranges in the Canadian Rockies of eastern British Columbia and western Alberta, Canada.
They were shaped by glacial erosion during the last glacial period.
The Elk Mountains are adjacent northwest, where the continental divide passes from north to east on the south of the Plains of San Agustin.
This designation is peculiar to Canada because the country's intramontane plateaus are narrow and may be considered together with adjoining ranges.
The Godavari and Mahanadi rivers flow into the Bay of Bengal.
The Mustang Mountains are a mountain range located in the southeast region of Arizona, are on the northwest side of Fort Huachuca.
Ski touring and all types of cross-country skiing are possible through most winter months.
The Big Snowies feature a long, relatively level east-west summit, rising above timberline, that culminates in Greathouse Peak, the highest point in the range.
4,019 feet, is a small mountain range southeast of Ekalaka, Montana in Carter County, Montana.
The Fry Mountains are a mountain range in San Bernardino County, California.
Mt Ngungun is a sub volcanic mountain.
Geologically the Western Beskids are part of the Outer Western Carpathians.
The range extends for about 100 kilometres in a northwest-southeast direction.
The range is horseshoe-shaped, facing the high rangeland-plateau basin of Hat Creek, which drains northeast to join the Bonaparte River, a tributary of the Thompson.
Today, the Fläming Heath is a rural area, which benefits from its proximity to the Berlin metropolitan area.
Most of the Caballo Mountains are located on land owned by the Bureau of Land Management.
The Jura Mountains French: Massif du Jura, are a sub-alpine mountain range located north of the Western Alps, mainly following the course of the France–Switzerland border.
The range is located in the provinces of Concepción and Huancayo.
Sierra de Vicort's highest point is Pico del Rayo.
They are divided into several groups, each a few miles wide, by streams crossing them at right angles.
It is also the southernmost mountain range in the mainland United States.
The dominant vegetation on the west side of the range is old-growth ponderosa pine; on the east side, western juniper is common.
The term "Naga" refers to the Naga people, who were called "Naga" or "Naka" in the Burmese language, meaning "people with pierced ears".
Deciduous oak Quercus forests cover the lower slopes, with submontane forests of Quercus, Carpinus, Fagus, and karst scrub at higher altitudes.
The mountains are spread out across four counties: Clallam, Grays Harbor, Jefferson and Mason.
Hurricane Deck is a short mountain range in Santa Barbara County, California in the Los Padres National Forest.
Pine Mountain Ridge is a massif of the Transverse Ranges located in northern Ventura County, and entirely within the Los Padres National Forest.
A part of the mountains is protected within the Day Forest National Park, Djibouti's only national park.
The other three coastal California mountain ranges are the Transverse Ranges, Peninsular Ranges and the Klamath Mountains.
The Ammergau Alps are a mountain range in the Northern Limestone Alps in the states of Bavaria and Tyrol.
On the Swedish side the Swedish Tourist Association maintains the tourist huts Blåhammarens Fjällstation, Sylarnas Fjällstation and Helags Fjällstation.
The non-profit Friends of the Wapack  have been involved in conservation of the range since 1985.
This comprised the three court districts of Marienberg, Emmerichenhain and Neukirch.
The Brocken is the highest summit in the Harz with an elevation of 1,141.1 metres above sea level.
They cover the part of the Carpathian Mountains located between the Prahova River in the east and the Timiș and Cerna Rivers in the west.
The Serra da Barbanza is a mountain range in north-west Spain, extending in a south-westerly direction from Noia in Galicia.
The range gets its name from the relatively frequent occurrence of grassy balds atop the more prominent summits.
The highest point in the range is South Baldy, at 10,783 ft, which is also the tallest peak in Socorro County.
Mount Neustruyev is a 2,900 meter peak standing 8 km NNE of Gneiskopf Peak.
The name "Black Hills" is a translation of the Lakota Pahá Sápa.
At 6,010 feet, the summit of Ophir Mountain is the highest point of the Darwin Hills.
The historic Pioche silver mining district is centered in the Pioche Hills and extends into the adjacent Bristol and Highland Ranges to the west.
Today, the highest point in the range is Lookout Mountain.
The range is notable for having some of the most rugged mountains in the state, and includes many technical climbs and scrambles.
This range includes the following mountains and peaks:
He collected a large number of plants, many of which had not been previously recorded.
It is the western side of the Ridge-and-Valley Appalachians, and the eastern portion of the ridge forms the border of Garrett and Allegany Counties of Maryland.
Teel's Marsh is a playa in Nevada, United States.
The Shadow Mountains are located in the Mojave Desert of eastern California in the United States.
It is named after the municipality of Mainhardt that lies at its centre.
The Cervera Mountains is an 18.8 km long mountain range in the Baix Maestrat comarca, Valencian Community, Spain.
They are heavily glaciated, partly due to their location near Cook Inlet.
Uplift continues due to faulting caused by tectonic forces, creating spectacular fault block escarpments along the eastern edge of the southern Sierra.
The Dolomites are a mountain range located in northeastern Italy.
The Sierra del Mico is a small mountain range northeast of the Sierra de las Minas, near Puerto Barrios.
The tallest peak in the range is Mount Baird at 10,025 feet.
The range generally lies within the Nightcap National Park.
Pohorje is sparsely populated with dispersed villages.
Now, the primary vegetation of the Mules consists of manzanita brush, juniper, lowland oaks and pines, and various grasses.
The highest point in this range is Mont Ngaoui at 4,625 feet.
The Dunnigan Hills AVA is in the northwestern area.
It is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
They are located east of the Salt Spring Hills and southeastern Death Valley National Park, and west of Mount Charleston in the Spring Mountains.
The Stokes Range is a mountain range on Bathurst Island, Nunavut, Canada.
The Cumberland Mountains range includes Pine Mountain, Cumberland Mountain, Log Mountain, Little Black Mountain and Black Mountain, as well as others.
In 1976, the Little Carpathians were declared a protected area under the name Little Carpathians Protected Landscape Area, covering 646.1 km2.
It is separated from the main Aurès Range by the Batna-El Kantara basin.
The range lies in a generally north-south direction, and stretches for more than 30 miles.
There however remains some confusion in the literature regarding the names of these peaks.
A part of the Naga Hills under the British Indian control was coalesced into a district in 1866.
The Wilson Creek Range and the old townsite–mining camp of Atlanta lies to the southeast of the south end of the range.
The highest peak of the Mashike mountains is Mount Shokanbetsu.
Also a bit challenging is one of the ways to Negoiu - Strunga Dracului.
The Coppersmith Hills are a low mountain range in Lassen County, California.
The highest mountain of the Dinaric Alps is Mount Triglav, a mountain located in Julian Alps in north west Slovenia, standing at 2,863.65 metres.
The mountain range spans 4 parishes: Portland, St.Thomas, St Mary and St.Andrew.
It is separated from the Moravian-Silesian Beskids by the Jablunkov Pass.
In the geomorphological system, the Slovak Ore Mountains belong to the Inner Western Carpathians.
The range is located in southeastern Yuma County, about 75 mi southeast of Yuma and about 35 mi west of Ajo.
The range is approximately 12 kilometres long by 4 km.
The Eastern Star Mine is located at the western edge of the range, and the Kingston Spring is found in the northwestern part of the mountains.
The Pedley Hills are a low mountain range of the northern Peninsular Ranges System, in northwestern Riverside County, California.
Just south of the Glärnisch is the Bös Fulen, the highest point in the canton of Schwyz.
The Marble Mountains are a sub-range of the Klamath Mountains in northwestern California.
It is an inactive volcanic mountain range with the highest point being Crow Peak at 9,414 ft, right next to Elkhorn Peak, 9,381 ft.
In the Purcell Mountains, most of the peaks are near or above 10,000 feet in elevation.
It lies mainly within Thuringia; the southeastern part around Lossa belongs to the state of Saxony-Anhalt.
It includes portions of Covina, West Covina, Walnut, Pomona, and San Dimas.
Typical of the Steinberge are high plateaux with steep sides and sharply undulating high cirques.
The Granite Wash Mountains are a short, arid, low elevation mountain range of western-central Arizona, in the southeast of La Paz County.
It is a relatively compact range located between Garmisch-Partenkirchen, Mittenwald, Seefeld in Tirol and Ehrwald.
In July 2014, several wildfires, including the Mills Canyon Fire and the Kelly Mountain Fire, burned in the Entiat Mountains.
The Ligurian Alps are a mountain range in northwestern Italy.
During Spanish colonial period, the whole range was called Nueva Provincia,.
It is located within Purcell Wilderness Conservancy Provincial Park and Protected Area.
Jayne Avenue, which connects Interstate 5 to Coalinga, is the major east-west road through the hills.
The range is a major feature of the Cradle Mountain-Lake St Clair National Park, and is a popular venue with bushwalkers and mountain climbers.
Kikai Caldera was the source of the Akahoya eruption, one of the largest eruptions during the Holocene.
The range is south of the San Bernardino Mountains foothills.
The Long Mynd is a heath and moorland plateau that forms part of the Shropshire Hills in Shropshire, England.
Around 43,000 acres of roadless country centered on 5,980' Mt.
The Pirulil Range is a mountain range located in the southern half of Chiloé Island.
This range is part of the Luang Prabang montane rain forests ecoregion.
The range is called Serranía del Sapo when it is in Panama.
The range is "star" shaped as small ridges end at peaks, like fingers of a hand.
The range lies entirely in the San Rafael Wilderness and separates the drainages of the main stem of the Sisquoc River from its tributary, Manzana Creek.
Snowmass Peak, 13,620 ft, near Hagerman Peak
They are also viewable from towns like Clondrohid, Macroom and Ballyvourney
They are above the east bank of the Snake River, which forms the Idaho-Oregon border.
Much smaller pieces of the Ozarks extend westward into northeastern Oklahoma and extreme southeastern Kansas.
The highest peak in the range is Electric Peak at 10,969 feet.
In 1990, the northern, dolomitic part was declare a national park: the Bellunes Dolomites National Park.
The range is part of a Sky Island Alliance study of wild cats, called Cuatros Gatos,.
The name stems from its highest peaks: Adamello and Presanella.
Talus slopes, grassy parks in the highest reaches, and boggy creek bottoms characterize the landscape here in addition to the forests.
The Mayacamas Mountains are located in northwestern California in the United States.
Evidence of Apache presence dates back to the fifteenth century.
High points on the range include Eremeren Point, Ben Bullen, Mount Gunama, Mount Lumeah and Mount Allyn.
The Appalachian Trail is located along the ridge of the mountain.
The north slope of the ridge is part of the Sespe Wilderness.
Located approximately 20 miles east of the main chain, across the Loudoun Valley.
The mountains are found in the southeast of the Austrian state of Salzburg, between the upper reaches of the Enns and Mur rivers.
For today's Australians it has historic significance, aesthetic values and commercial values.
The Ortler Alps are a mountain range of the Southern Limestone Alps mountain group in the Central Eastern Alps, in Italy and Switzerland.
This is in reference to Quitobaquito Springs, which lie approximately nine miles southeast of the range in what are now called the Quitobaquito Hills.
Mono Mills processed timber felled on or near the volcanoes for the nearby boomtown Bodie in the late 19th to early 20th centuries.
The highest point, Chiricahua Peak, rises 9,759 feet above sea level, approximately 6,000 feet above the surrounding valleys.
The Salmon Mountains are a mountain range in Siskiyou County, northwestern California.
Its south-western border is marked by the Lempa River valley, its northern border by the Motagua River valley.
The Kelsey Range is a mountain range in Siskiyou County, California.
Its highest point is the Roháčka between Margecany and Kluknava.
It is divided into three geographical distributions.
The Aïr Mountains or Aïr Massif is a triangular massif, located in northern Niger, within the Sahara Desert.
The Black Hills are a mountain range in Lake County, Oregon.
The range is at the northwest-center of the Arizona transition zone which extends diagonally across central Arizona.
The four highest mountains are: Vtáčnik, Biela skala, Buchlov, and Žiar.
The Timpahute Range is a mountain range in Lincoln County, Nevada.
The Hunsrück is a low mountain range in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
The Gila River flows through the Gila Valley between the Gilas and the Lagunas prior to its confluence with the Colorado.
The Wavy Range is a small mountain range east of Murtle Lake in east-central British Columbia, Canada.
The Santa Cruz Valley bounds the range to the east separating it from the Santa Rita Mountains.
The name is derived from the town of Belluno.
The White Horse Mountains are a mountain range in Harney County, Oregon.
They are located in Lombardy, in the northern part of Italy.
Cordillera Central, is the main mountain range in Puerto Rico.
The Domenigoni Mountains are a mountain range in Riverside County, California.
Barva Volcano features prominent hydrothermal activity and is a part of Braulio Carrillo National Park.
The Escambray Mountains are a mountain range in the central region of Cuba, in the provinces of Sancti Spíritus, Cienfuegos and Villa Clara.
The range contains the Nephin and Nephin Beg mountains.
A northern spur or extension of the Eola Hills, they are separated from them by a pass between Amity and Hopewell.
East of the Rincons are the Little Rincon Mountains.
The distinction from the latter group, where the higher peaks are located, is based on differences in geological composition.
The image from Gjende shows a cliff trailing down into the lake.
The range is only 19 km wide.
The range is approximately 14 miles long, and is about 17 mi southeast of the city of Barstow.
The mountains were observed and first positioned by the USARP Horlick Mountains Traverse Party, 1958-59.
It is located between the provinces of Zaragoza and Huesca.
The Shoshone Mountains, in west central Nevada, make up one of the longest mountain ranges in the state.
The range is named for its proximity to the Jesuit St. Ignatius Mission established in the mid-19th century in what is today St. Ignatius, Montana.
The Maligne Range is a mountain range of the Canadian Rockies located directly southeast of Jasper townsite in Jasper National Park, Canada.
Their southernmost peaks are visible from most areas in Vancouver and form a distinctive backdrop for the city.
The Serranía del Pinche are part of the Western Ranges of the Colombian Andes.
They comprise the eastern foothills of the Alpine crest beyond the Mur river and the adjacent southeastern Alpine Foreland .
4,150 feet, is a small mountain range northeast of Powderville, Montana in Carter County, Montana.
The range reaches an elevation of 1,390 meters southeast of the city of Twentynine Palms.
It is drained by tributaries of the Aliakmonas to the west and south, and towards the Lake Vegoritida to the northeast.
To the west are Stone Cabin Valley, Little Fish Lake Valley, and the large Monitor Range.
The Gila Mountains of Yuma County are a 26-mile long mountain range in southwestern Arizona in the northwest Sonoran Desert.
The area has many walking trails, and is popular with locals.
But other sources state that the highest peak is Vestec, at a height of 668 metres.
The Cordillera Carabaya lies in the Andes of Peru.
Until the Paleogene, the Kitakami Mountains were geologically part of Primorsky region of Siberia.
On the northwest corner of these mountains is Quake Lake, created when the 1959 Hebgen Lake earthquake caused a massive landslide and dammed the Madison River.
The landscape is characterized by a central cluster of peaks over 8,000 feet and extensive grassy parks surrounded by lodgepole pine and limber pine.
The highest point in the Kitami Mountains is Mount Teshio.
Mount Minami Shokan, Mount Kunbetsu and Mount Etai define a triangle that surrounds the Uryū Wetlands.
The range is named after James H. Simpson, who surveyed a transportation route just south of the range in 1858.
The Antelope Range is a north-northeast trending linear range with a length of approximately 42 km and a width of about 15 km.
The Alpine Club classification of the Eastern Alps also counts the range as part of the Venediger Group.
The Willapa Hills are the lowest uplands in the entire Pacific Coast Range system.
Las Guijas Peak at 4,650 feet lies just 4500 feet south of the highest.
State Route 21 bisects the range, crossing over Wah Wah Summit at about 6,500 feet above sea level.
Only two sizable towns, Phayao and Phrae, are within the area of the mountain system and both have fewer than 20,000 inhabitants each.
The Coast Mountains lie between the Interior Plateau and the Coast of British Columbia.
The Blue Mountains are the longest mountain range in Jamaica.
Geologically, it may be considered an extension of the Park Range of Colorado.
The Bryan Mountains are a small mountain range in the northwestern Sonoran Desert of southwestern Arizona.
The hills form part of the eastern Rhenish Massif and, to a lesser extent, to the Berg-Mark Hills.
It is one of the many mountain ranges in the Canadian Arctic that make up the Arctic Cordillera mountain system.
The Ibex Hills are a mountain range in Inyo County, California.
The Olympic Mountains are a mountain range on the Olympic Peninsula of western Washington in the United States.
The Alter Stolberg is a wooded karst plateau, up to 357.7 m above sea level high, in the South Harz in Central Germany.
The range is the only 'island' mountain range encircled by the Great Salt Lake Desert salt flat.
The Canastra Mountains are a range of hills in the Minas Gerais state of southwestern Brazil.
The range is a northwest trending range in southwest Mohave County that parallels a southeast-flowing stretch of the Colorado River, the Arizona-California border.
It lies within the Cabrales, Llanes, Peñamellera Alta, Peñamellera Baja and Ribadedeva municipal terms.
The name "Jura" is derived from juria, a Latinized form of a Celtic stem jor- "forest".
The range includes the eastern part of the Eisenwurzen, as well as the Göstling Alps and the Kräuterin in the south.
A conservation easement is currently managed by the Tejon Ranch Conservancy.
The southeast terminus of the range lies adjacent the western edge of the Parker Valley in a southern stretch of the Lower Colorado River Valley corridor.
Another smaller mountain range lies to the east, called the East Mormon Mountains.
The Sweetwater post office existed on the eastern boundary of the range in the 1920s.
Situated mainly in the Helena National Forest, the mountains are used for logging and recreation for the surrounding residents.
The La Loma Hills are a low and short mountain range of the Peninsular Ranges System, in the urban Inland Empire region of Southern California.
The system extends along a curve from Lake Eğirdir in the west to the upper reaches of the Euphrates and Tigris rivers in the east.
There is a rough hiking circuit around the range.
Geographically it is considered as the eastern section of the larger Cantabrian Range.
Matthew Flinders explored the area and climbed Mount Beerburrum after sailing along Pumicestone Passage in 1799.
The Kilbeck Hills are a low mountain range in the eastern Mojave Desert, in San Bernardino County, southern California.
The range is a subrange of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains.
South of the Skeena River and west of the Bulkley River:
The northwest flowing Cottonwood Creek in Warm Springs Valley is bounded on three sides by the range.
Since the mountain range lies so far north, the alpine climate zone lies at a lower altitude.
The highest point of the range is Mount Kimball, at 10,300 feet.
The Hogup Mountains are a small 25-mile long mountain range located in central Box Elder County, Utah, USA.
The mountains then descend rapidly to the north, dropping to elevations below 6200 feet near the community of Ely.
At 814 m above sea level, the highest elevation on Newfoundland is The Cabox located in the Lewis Hills at 48°49′59″N 58°29′03″W.
Nearly all of the water collected by the Wellsville Mountains drains into the Bear River.
It is a large, terraced landscape that is part of the Iller-Lech Plateau in the Alpine Foreland of south Germany.
The MacDonnell Ranges, a mountain range and an interim Australian bioregion, is located in the Northern Territory, comprising 3,929,444 hectares.
The average height of the mountain range is 600 m with a few peaks rising up to 2000 m above sea level.
The hills are inhabited by two tribal peoples, the Baigas and the Gonds.
It contains four large volcanoes Poás, Barva, Irazú and Turrialba.
The Wapack Range is also the northern terminus of the 90-mile Midstate Trail.
The terminal moraine was formed during the Wolstonian Stage of the Pleistocene, consisting of boulder, gravel and clay with loess sediments on the surface.
The Clear Lake Hills are a mountain range in Modoc County, California.
WSAs are public lands under consideration by the U.S. Congress for wilderness protection.
The range was named after the trapper William Sublette, who lived in the area in the 1830s.
The Kibara Mountains are a range in the Katanga Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The Selkirk Mountains are a mountain range spanning the northern portion of the Idaho Panhandle, eastern Washington, and southeastern British Columbia.
Eventually Patterson backed off his stance and indicated he might allow the transaction to proceed.
Its most prominent feature is the 489 metre peak of Mount Nimmel.
The highest peak has an elevation of 3,077 feet.
These ranges are part of the larger Transantarctic Mountains, which span the continent.
Pipe Spring National Monument is 2 miles south of Kaibab.
The Smith River Canyon, a popular float trip, is along the western edge of this area.
The unnamed northwest mountain is separated from the southern mountain block by the west flowing Vinegaroon Wash.
It has an area of 4535 km2 and is a subrange of the Ogilvie Mountains which in turn form part of the Yukon Ranges.
Local towns and villages provide the best possibility for exploring the areas, including Mount Beauty and Harrietville.
The Talc City Hills is a mountain range in the northern Mojave Desert, in Inyo County, California.
The Slieve Mish Mountains are a mountain range found in County Kerry in Ireland.
The Taconic Range is known for its ecological value, conservation land, scenic landscapes, natural environment, and recreational facilities.
Along with the Biosphere reserve, the Great Smokies have been designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
The West-Beskidian Piedmont is a geological region of the northeastern Czech Republic extending into southern Poland.
The Southern Hakkōda Volcanic Group predates the caldera.
The Klamath-Siskiyou forests are noted for their high biodiversity.
The highest peak is Peleaga, at an altitude of 2509 metres.
The Cottian Alps; are a mountain range in the southwestern part of the Alps.
The range is named after Cathedral Peak, which resembles a cathedral spire.
Two new families were also added to the fauna, the Willomorichthyidae and the Dwykiidae.
The major part belongs to the Austrian federal state of Tyrol, while the adjacent area in the north is part of Bavaria, Germany.
It was co-written by Ulster poet Paul Muldoon.
Access routes to the range are by boat from the lake, or the roads at Strathgordon or Scotts Peak Dam.
In this area of the Rhön is the Black Moor.
The Issa Somali have a long history in the Arta Mountains.
The highest elevations are attained in the north-east of the range: Mount Adelung and Mount Beshtor.
They are located between Lake Edward and Lake Kivu.
The Tantalus Range is a favourite with climbers, and also with photographers and filmmakers.
Swedish American Lage Wernstedt of the U.S. Forest Service mapped the Picket Range in the 1920s and named it for its resemblance to a picket fence.
The mountain range is part of the Scandinavian Mountains.
The Cunningham Mountains are a small mountain range on the southeastern coast of Devon Island, Nunavut, Canada.
The valley narrows as it approaches the Continental Divide, and separates Mt.
Arbuda Mountains is a mountain range described in the epic Mahabharata.
They are named for the jagged pinnacles which resemble teeth.
The hills are an anticline ridge in the Yakima Fold Belt formed by north–south compression of lava flows in the Columbia River Basalt Group.
The area takes its name from the village of Tafjord and the Tafjorden, the main entry point.
Mariamjvari Nature Reserve is located in the southern side of the range.
The highest peak in the range, reaching 9,099 ft, is known locally as Dan Dobbins Peak but has no official name.
The two mountain ranges are home to nearly 10,000 elk and a growing population of grizzly bears.
At least one mining company issued stock: Monte Cristo Consolidated Mining Company, 100,000 shares issued in 1887 at $10 each.
The highest point in the Catalinas is Mount Lemmon at an elevation of 9,157 feet above sea level and receives 180 inches of snow annually.
Puddingstone of the Skunnemunk Conglomerate is visible along the ridge.
Joshua trees can be found here, and the route north from Wickenburg, U.S. Route 93 in Arizona is called the Joshua Tree Highway.
The Wenatchee Mountains are a range of mountains in central Washington State, United States of America.
They are located in southern-most San Diego County, Southern California.
They rise to an elevation of 300 to 400 m above the hardveld of the almost 900 m high surrounding plateau.
Since then, further tectonic activity and erosion by glaciers have sculpted the Rockies into dramatic peaks and valleys.
The Oat Hills are to the west of the Laguna Mountains.
The Bismarck Range is a mountain range in the central highlands of Papua New Guinea.
The Jestřebí hory is a mountain range in the Czech Republic, in the Central Sudetes Mountains, in the Western part of Broumovská vrchovina.
The hydrological divide of the range serves as the border between Gallatin and Madison County, Montana.
They reach their highest elevation in the Sonntagshorn, a peak straddling the German-Austrian border.
The Col de Tende separates them from the Maritime Alps.
The mountains follow the western shore of the Lyngen fjord in a north-south direction.
This bisection point is the approximate center of the mostly northwest by southeast trending range.
Most of the Rincon Mountains are within Saguaro National Park, or in the Rincon Mountain Wilderness, 32°14′50″N 110°28′02″W, of the Coronado National Forest.
To the range's east, across the narrow Coyote Valley of the north-flowing Coyote Wash, lies the Coyote Buttes of Arizona.
Pinatubo, Mount Negron and Mount Cuadrado, which are believed to be remnants of the ancestral Pinatubo peak.
The broad Altar Valley lies 15 km to the west with the Baboquivari Mountains beyond.
The East Humboldts run north-to-south for approximately 30 miles.
The Twelve Bens, or Twelve Pins, is a mountain range of sharp-peaked quartzite ranges located northeast of Roundstone in Connemara in the west of Ireland.
Interstate 10 crosses the center of the range.
Surrounded by the Northern European Lowlands, the Elm is almost uninhabited and the largest beech forest in Northern Germany.
Other prominent peaks include Evlogi Peak, Antim Peak, Mount Pisgah, Slaveykov Peak, Neofit Peak, Drinov Peak, Riggs Peak and Mount Christi.
The Simplon rail tunnel the Gotthard rail and Gotthard road tunnels and the San Bernardino road tunnel are important transport arteries.
Traditionally in Cantabria this range has been considered the border between La Marina and La Montaña.
The Hawaiian–Emperor seamount chain is a mostly undersea mountain range in the Pacific Ocean that reaches above sea level in Hawaii.
The Durreck Group lies entirely within the Rieserferner-Ahrn Nature Park.
The mountain range stretches 110 km from northwest to the southeast and contains mostly complex stratovolcanoes.
The Rosecrans Hills run north-south in the communities of West Athens and Westmont.
Monte Redenção, Marabá's highest point, is located there.
The chief summits of the Bear Pond Mountains are the following:
The Monitor, Kobeh and Antelope valleys lie to the southeast.
The Eastern Continental Divide, which runs along the eastern Blue Ridge crest, intersects the southern tip of the Black Mountain range.
The Muganja hills lie to the north of the Marungu massif, which as of 2008 had almost all been converted to farmland or pasture.
The Snake Mountains are a mountain range in Elko County, Nevada.
The range has an extent of 2,760 square kilometres, with a length of 80 kilometres from north-west to south-east, and a width of 66 kilometres.
The adjacent Darling Plateau goes easterly to include Mount Bakewell near York and Mount Saddleback near Boddington.
The Fortification Range lies to the northwest.
It stretches from east to west between Anoia and Bages.
It is south of Yellowstone National Park and most of the east side of the range is within Grand Teton National Park.
The Itcha Range is part of an east-west trending volcanic zone called the Anahim Volcanic Belt.
The Cheam Range is a mountain range in the Fraser Valley region of the Lower Mainland of British Columbia near the city of Chilliwack.
The Bell Range, formerly spelled Belle Range, is a small subrange of the Kitimat Ranges, located east of Welcome Harbour on Porcher Island, British Columbia, Canada.
Within it lies Mount Archer National Park.
The mountains are about 3,800 feet higher than the low prairie hills to their west.
The silhouette of the Cardamom Mountains appears in the provincial seal of Trat Province in Thailand.
The Beartooth Mountains sit upon the larger Beartooth Plateau, the largest true high elevation plateau in the United States.
Lake Pleasant Regional Park is within the municipal boundaries of Peoria, Arizona.
The Nicholl Range is a small mountain range in southwestern British Columbia, Canada, located between Seymour Inlet and Belize Inlet.
The name of the range is derived from the Karen people who occupy the highland area.
All elevations in this article include an elevation adjustment from the National Geodetic Vertical Datum of 1929 to the North American Vertical Datum of 1988.
The highest point in the range is Dixon Mountain at 9,674 feet.
In the Hinterautal-Vomper Chain is the only glacier of the Karwendel, the Eiskarln, north of and below the Eiskarlspitze.
The Queen Elizabeth Ranges is a group of mountain ranges in the Canadian Rockies on the southeastern side of Jasper National Park, Canada.
The Lodi Hills are a mountain range in Nye County, Nevada.
The Woods Mountains are found in southeastern California in the Mojave Desert, at the southwestern end of the Lanfair Valley just east of Hole-in-the-Wall.
The Eastern Ghats run from the northern Odisha through Andhra Pradesh to Tamil Nadu in the south passing some parts of Karnataka.
The range is over 120 miles long and its boundaries are usually defined by the Salmon River and its large tributary forks.
Various activities are possible along the chain, including hiking, bird watching, canoeing, skiing, and mountain biking.
As one of the nine sub-ranges of the Berchtesgaden Alps the Steinernes Meer belongs partly to Bavaria and partly to Salzburg.
The need for ships to round Cape Horn was greatly reduced by the opening of the Panama Canal in 1914.
Despite its relatively slight elevation, the Westerwald has for a low mountain range a typical agreeable climate.
The Schwyzer Alps extend beyond the boundaries of the canton of Schwyz, including parts of the cantons of Glarus, Luzern, Uri and Zug.
The park was established in 1934, and, with over 9 million visits per year, it is the most-visited national park in the United States.
The highest point in the range is Saviers Peak at 10,441 ft.
In 2006, the Hallingskarvet mountain range became part of the Hallingskarvet National Park.
The range is broken into two main section, the Western Arthurs and the Eastern Arthurs.
The Broken Hills, or Broken Hills Range, is a mountain range bordering Churchill County, Nevada and Mineral County, Nevada.
They form a subgroup of the Berchtesgaden Alps and forms the northern end of its parent range.
They were a major landmark for the Plains Indians and travelers on what is now the western plains of Oklahoma.
The word "Chehalem" is a corruption of the Atfalati Indian word "Chahelim," a name given in 1877 to one of the bands of Atfalati.
The summit, Spruce Knob, is celebrated as the highest point in the state as well as the range, which covers parts of four states.
Between these mountains lies the large glacier Okstindbreen.
Several road and trails are located in the mountains, which provide for a variety of activities including hiking, off road vehicle riding, fishing, and hunting.
The Las Alturas are a mountain range in Kings County, California.
The eastern portion of the Lepontine Alps, from the St Gotthard Pass to the Splügen Pass, is sometimes named the Adula Alps.
Mountains near Sochi hosted part of the 2014 Winter Olympics.
However, historical linguists have never found a derivation with which they are universally comfortable.
The Selkirks were named after Thomas Douglas, 5th Earl of Selkirk.
The Cooley Mountains are located on the Cooley Peninsula in northeast County Louth in Ireland.
The mountains are mostly forested, planted with beech and spruce trees.
Geologically in the Thanon Thong Chai Range, as in the other southern subranges of the Shan Hills, layers of alluvium are superimposed on hard rock.
Redington Pass separates the Rincon Mountains from the Santa Catalina Mountains.
The North American Cordillera is the North American portion of the American Cordillera which is a mountain chain along the western side of the Americas.
Together, the Ozarks and Ouachita Mountains form an area known as the U.S.
The second highest peak in this range is Carr Peak, elevation 9,200 feet.
Lakes in the area include Tordsvatnet, Veltdalsvatnet, Zakariasdammen, and Grønvatnet.
The southern end runs into Kayin State.
The range has an average elevation of 2,965 metres above sea level.
These hills occur at the junction of Northeastern Himalaya and Indo-Burma ranges.
The Fichtel Mountains, form a small horseshoe-shaped mountain range in northeastern Bavaria, Germany.
Minor eruptions occur frequently on Mount Iō, one of the post-caldera subaerial volcanic peaks on Iōjima.
Loriu is west of and adjacent to the Barrier Volcano at the southernmost portion of Lake Turkana.
A few square kilometers of mountain slope south of Mount McKay are drained by Whiskeyjack Creek.
The last reported sighting was in 2002, by a forest ranger by the name of Will Hanley.
In the east, they border on the Slovak-Moravian Carpathians; in the south, they stretch down to the Thaya Valley and the South-Moravian Carpathians.
Most of the range is included within the Ruby Mountains Ranger District of the Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest.
The Haihte Range is a small mountain range on central Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada.
They rise to 1,750 metres above sea level and are the nation's largest heavily vegetated area.
The Palen Mountains are located in the southern Mojave Desert – northern Colorado Desert in eastern Riverside County, California, USA.
It lies a few kilometres southeast of Huayhuash mountain range.
Rivers and canyons border east and west; the south of the range is located in Maricopa County, the location of much of the Phoenix metropolitan area.
The hilly terrain has several geological, hydrographic and architectural features.
Two large National Forests including three wilderness areas encompass most of the mountain range.
As part of the Dolomites, the Brenta Group has been officially recognized as UNESCO World Heritage Site under the World Heritage Convention.
The entire range was mapped in detail by USGS from surveys and U.S. Navy trimetrogon photography, 1958-60.
Pogórze Bukowskie is situated in the poorest region of Poland.
Okstindan is a mountain range which lies in the inner Helgeland district in Nordland county, Norway.
The Bugaboos are a mountain range in the Purcell Mountains of eastern British Columbia, Canada.
It was known as "Serra de Estrella" to the Portuguese.
The Warrumbungles are a mountain range in the Orana region of New South Wales, Australia.
The Franklins were formed due to crustal extension related to the Cenozoic Rio Grande rift.
The Cascades are part of the Pacific Ocean's Ring of Fire, the ring of volcanoes and associated mountains around the Pacific Ocean.
Geologically the Eastern Beskids are part of the Outer Western Carpathians.
The Serranía de San Lucas is a forested massif in the Bolívar Department of northern Colombia that reaches heights of 2,600m above sea level.
The range is within Mineral County, Nevada.
The name animala is derived from the Tamil/Malayalam words ana or anai, meaning elephant, and mala or malai, meaning hill — thus Elephant Hill.
There are actually two unnamed highpoints of the range, both approx 9,695 ft. One is near Sunspot above Corral Canyon and FR 64.
The range runs in a general north-south direction in Nye and Lander counties.
The range has a strong influence on the climate of Chile since it produces a rain shadow to the east.
A pinner couloir in the "Meat Curtain" zone was shredded by Cody Townsend, earning him a Powder Award for Line of the Year 2014.
The Chablais Alps are a mountain range in the western Alps.
The Ratchford Range is a subrange of the Monashee Mountains of the Columbia Mountains, located east of the Seymour River in British Columbia, Canada.
The Western Cascades is a region of the U.S. state of Oregon between the Willamette Valley and the High Cascades.
The range also includes many other Hewitts.
The mountain range stretches for approximately 50 miles in a northwest-southeasterly direction north of Joshua Tree and Twentynine Palms.
They are considered to be part of the Central Eastern Alps, more specifically the Western Rhaetian Alps.
The range was named by George Mercer Dawson of the Geological Survey of Canada.
The northern and southern borders are defined by the Puster Valley and the Sugana Valley.
The West Gate Range is a mountain range in Churchill County, Nevada.
The area lies west of the Jotunheimen mountain range.
The Absaroka Range is a sub-range of the Rocky Mountains in the United States.
Porter Peak, at 9,157 feet is the highest point of the range.
Sierra de Baza is a mountain range near the city of Baza in the Granada province in Spain.
Its length reaches almost 230 kilometers and its largest width is 70 kilometers.
The Watagans are covered with tall eucalyptus forest and rainforest.
It is part of the Andes mountain range which inland borders on the Costa, the narrow strip of coastal deserts along the South American coast.
The range extends for about 30 km in a NW/SE direction north of Sekhukhuneland.
The range runs roughly north and south through the states of Minas Gerais and Bahia, extending for approximately 1,100 km.
The northern portion of the range is contained within the Mountain City Ranger District of the Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest.
The Batura Muztagh mountains are a sub-range of the Karakoram mountain range.
The southern ranges are notable for the Pichi Richi scenic railway and Mount Remarkable National Park.
The La Sal Mountains or La Sal Range are a mountain range located in Grand and San Juan counties, Utah along the Utah/Colorado border.
The Last Chance Range of California is located near the Nevada state line in eastern Inyo County in the United States.
The town of Vidal, California is located in the West Riverside Mountains.
The Hozameen Range was seen as separated from the Okanagan Range by the Pasayten River.
It runs in a north-northeast direction from the Burgundian Gate to the Börrstadt Basin, and forms the western boundary of the Upper Rhine Plain.
The range has an area of 323 km2 and is a subrange of the Boundary Ranges which form part of the Coast Mountains.
Part of the main line from Košice to Žilina runs through the mountains with large railway hubs in Margecany and Kysak.
It forms the western part of the Eastern Beskids, and is more generally part of the Outer Eastern Carpathians.
Many of the peaks are challenging rock climbs.
They rise to approximately 4,862 feet in northeastern West Virginia.
The Pierce Range is a small very steep-sided mountain range on central Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada.
The Kitakami Mountains were exposed to erosion for a long time because they were above water from the Cenozoic onwards.
Other ranges around the Simpson Parks include the Cortez Mountains to the north across Horse Creek Valley and the Toquima and Monitor ranges to the south.
The mountains are part of Dixie National Forest and are bordered to the south by the Red Cliffs National Conservation Area.
Grimming) in the east to the upper Styrian Enns valley
The Growler's are at the headwaters of Growler Valley west of the range which is the southeast drainage to the San Cristobal Wash.
At the end of the last ice age, humans started to inhabit the mountain range.
The H D Range is a mountain range in Elko County, Nevada.
Only a few long corners remain with virgin forest.
It has an area of 203 km2 and is a subrange of the Vancouver Island Ranges which in turn form part of the Insular Mountains.
The wildlife refuge and the mountains are some of the hottest areas in the southwest Sonoran Desert.
They are one of the eastern limits of the Fremont Valley.
The mountains hold the Bakossi Forest Reserve, a 5,517 square kilometres reserve created in 1956.
Mount Raiden Volcanic Group is a volcanic group of active stratovolcanoes and lava domes situated in Hokkaidō, Japan.
The Allgäu Alps are a mountain range in the Northern Limestone Alps, located in Bavaria in Germany and Tyrol and Vorarlberg in Austria.
The Sans Bois Mountains are a small mountain range in southeastern Oklahoma and part of the larger Ouachita Mountains.
The Waterman Mountains are not extensive, and merge into the southern section of the Silver Bell Mountains.
Geologically, the mountains are a fault block range in the Basin and Range Province, at the western end of the Great Basin.
The anthropologist Ted Strehlow visited Puntitjara in August 1936, but founded it covered by mud.
The Monti Ernici are a mountain range in central Italy, part of the sub-Apennines of Lazio.
The Bruneau Range is a mountain range in Elko County, Nevada, United States.
Mounts Cheesman and Yaroona are further to the southeast.
The range is located entirely within the Cabeza Prieta National Wildlife Refuge.
Trees found in the range include: western juniper, Utah Juniper, and Single-leaf Pinyon.
Conservation efforts seeking to preserve undeveloped land, such as the local Save the Woods initiative, are ongoing.
The West Hills are also connected to another section on the southwest, the Blue Spring Hills.
The Bucegi is believed to be the Dacian holy mountain Kogainon, on which the God Zalmoxis resided in a cave.
The range was discovered by the 3rd Soviet Antarctic Expedition in 1958 and is named for Soviet geophysicist Grigoriy A. Gamburtsev.
The Pilot Mountains are a mountain range in Mineral County, Nevada.
The range forms the eastern boundary of the Big Sur region, and was a barrier to exploring the coast of California for early Spanish explorers.
The Dickson Range is a subrange of the Chilcotin Ranges subset of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in southwest-central British Columbia.
The summit of South Butte, at 2122+ feet, is the highest point in Sutter Buttes and the highest point in Sutter County.
The Solling is a cultural landscape consisting mainly of spruce and beech forests.
However Mount Spurr and nearby Crater Peak are regularly visited and monitored by the Alaska Volcano Observatory.
The highest peak is Kawagebo, which rises to 6,740 metres.
The Sangre de Cristo Range rises over 7,000 feet above the valleys and plains to the west and northeast.
These mountains have not seen extensive exploration, due to their remoteness, typically poor weather, and lack of truly high peaks.
Dr. Darwin French is credited as applying the term Panamint in 1860 during his search for the fabled Gunsight Lode.
No other hiking trails exist in the range.
The Palo Verde Mountains are located along the west side of the Colorado River in the Lower Colorado River Valley and Colorado Desert.
This range includes the following mountains and peaks:
They are a continuation of the Black Hills.
The Rio Grande drains the east side of the range.
When considering only the uplands that mark the northern boundary of the Gran Sabana, the Sierra de Lema spans around 80 km.
These mountain ranges are situated in western Europe.
The Kunlun Mountains are one of the longest mountain chains in Asia, extending more than 3,000 kilometres.
In the north, there is a large dammed lake called Strandavatnet.
Hanging Rocks at Wappocomo, south of Springfield, are located on the northern edge of the gap in Mill Creek Mountain formed by the South Branch.
They parallel the northernmost part of the boundary of the Yukon and Northwest Territories.
The range is considered to be a sub-range of the Jarbidge Mountains.
He collected information about the range like the local names and published several papers about it.
The Dubrower Berge are an ice age range of hills in the German state of Brandenburg.
Some of communities east of the mountain range and along the coast are so remote they are only accessible by plane or boat.
As a result, the mountain ecosystems are isolated, and distinct sub-species can develop.
The ranges of this system have average elevations of about 1,500 m and form a natural barrier between the Mediterranean and the Sahara.
The Salmon River Range is the only sub-range not included within the Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest.
It is contained within the Mountain City Ranger District of the Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest.
An Ahom king who escaped from his capital due to court intrigues and rivalries, is believed to have taken refuge here.
Named after the Yukon, this range has area of 364,710 square kilometres.
The Augusta Highway passes to the east of the Hummocks.
A unique geologic feature known as the "Punchbowl" occurs in this range.
The Niyamgiri is a hill range situated in the districts of Kalahandi and Rayagada in Odisha.
It has an area of 44014 km2 and is a subrange of the Yukon Ranges which in turn form part of the Pacific Coast Ranges.
The Setesdal Vesthei - Ryfylkeheiane Landscape Protection Area covers 6,155 square kilometres which includes the western parts of Setesdalsheiene.
Geologists refer to them as tilted-block fault mountains and in them can be found 1.25 billion-year-old Precambrian rocks, the oldest in Texas.
The Hummock Range includes the settlements of South Hummocks and Kulpara.
Lawpita Falls, Myanmar's largest hydropower plant, built by the Japanese as war reparation, is located in these mountains.
The Marbles are protected by the Marble Mountain Wilderness of the Klamath National Forest.
The Mud Hills are a low mountain range in the Mojave Desert, in San Bernardino County, southern California.
The range lies southeast of the Coxcomb Mountains, and northeast of the Chuckwalla Mountains near Interstate 10.
The Frenchman Range is a mountain range in Clark County, Nevada.
It has an area of 107 km2 and is a subrange of the Pacific Ranges which in turn form part of the Coast Mountains.
Most of the mountains are part of the Albion Division of the Minidoka Ranger District of Sawtooth National Forest.
They are a continuation northwards of the Cornwall Hills.
The Lava Bed Mountains are located in the Mojave Desert in southeastern California, United States.
Long Valley is on the east border of Kolob Terrace; the forested Markagunt and Paunsaugunt Plateaus border northwest, and northeast.
Spring Valley and the Snake Range lie to the east and the Limestone Hills to the southeast.
The mountain range gives its name to the mountainous natural and historical region of the Aurès.
The Osgood Mountains climb to 7,877 feet above sea level, and are located at latitude - longitude coordinates of N 41.117957 and W -117.350675.
The Windermere Hills are a mountain range in Elko County, Nevada.
These were unlike the rest of the crest in outline and color, and were doubtless volcanic; they were very grand and fantastic in shape."
While some of the ranges of the French Alps are entirely in France, others, such as the Mont Blanc massif, are shared with Switzerland and/or Italy.
The Arta Mountains, also known as the Great Mountains of Arta, are a mountain range in Djibouti.
The Sierra del Tontal is a mountain range in the southern part of San Juan Province, Argentina.
The Mieming(er) Range, Mieminger Chain or Mieminger Mountains, is a mountain range of the Northern Limestone Alps in the Eastern Alps.
The range straddles the Jackson-Grand county line for most of its length, and stretches into Jackson and Larimer county at its northern end.
The Holyoke Range or Mount Holyoke Range is a traprock mountain range located in the Connecticut River Valley of Massachusetts.
Most slopes have no vegetation, but there is occasional mesquite and ocotillo, with coastal cholla at lower elevations.
They lie in northern Slovenia, except for the northernmost part, which lies in Austria.
They are approximately 4,900 km2 in area.
An aircraft fuel cache is located near the Thiel Mountains for planes traveling between the Union Glacier Camp and the Amundsen–Scott South Pole Station.
Hanley reportedly saw the beast crossing a service road.
To the west of the western end of the Chilcotin Ranges, and considered by some to be part of the group, are:
The Atsutla Range is a granitic mountain range on the Kawdy Plateau in northern British Columbia, Canada.
The highest summit in the range, Humphreys Peak, is the highest point in the state of Arizona at 12,633 feet in elevation.
They are located just south of Kramer Junction and southeast of Boron.
The highest peak is Veľký Kriváň at 1,709 m AMSL in Krivánska Malá Fatra.
It is the highest mountain in Sudan.
The Tobacco Root Mountains and the Greenhorn Range lie to the northeast and east respectively.
Together with the neighbouring Lappwald range, the Elm has been a protected nature park since 1977.
To the southeast is the Mud Lake Slough, which previously connected Pyramid Lake to Winnemucca Lake.
The name of the range is from the Spanish word for "earthquake".
The peaks of the Kabato mountains include the following:
The ghost town of Sulphur lies just southwest of the pass between the Jackson and Kamma ranges.
This volcano is very young with most of it only 5000 years old.
They are home to deposits of chalk limestone, from which the kulap figures native to the island are crafted.
Mountain biking and bushwalking are common in summer.
The Chila mountain range lies in the Arequipa Region in the Andes of Peru.
The highest point in the Marbles is Boulder Peak at 8,299 feet.
The region is roughly oblong in shape with a length of 160 km and breadth of up to 50 km.
The soils of the area were not perfectly suited for farming, but small-scale agriculture was able to be conducted on the land.
The Buckskin Mountains, of Arizona, are a mountain range in west-central Arizona, USA.
The Alexander Archipelago lies offshore and is entirely within Alaska.
Mount Kirishima is considered one of the 100 Famous Japanese Mountains.
The highest peak of the range is Far Mountain.
They are about 28 miles north of the U.S. border with Mexico.
In the north, the border is on Kotlina Distrabiekenstein and in the south on Obniżenie Noworudzkie and Włodzickie Hills.
In the east, the range is adjoined by the Lower Tauern.
The temple is on Venkatadri, the seventh peak, and is also known as the "Temple of Seven Hills".
The barrier ridge forms a distinct boundary between a number of Pennsylvania's geographical and cultural regions.
The highest hill, the 314 metre high Buchenberg, is located about three kilometres southwest of Dingelstedt am Huy, within the municipality of Huy.
They are located in Switzerland and Italy.
The White Cloud Mountains are located on National Forest land, with numerous trails in the area.
Sierra La Esmeralda anchors the southern portion of the Tumacacori Highlands.
Miller State Park, the oldest state park in New Hampshire, is located on Pack Monadnock.
In January 1991, six Chinese and eleven Japanese mountaineers lost their lives to an avalanche, one of the worst climbing accidents in China.
Its highest peak is the Chersky Mountain named after the Polish explorer, Jan Czerski.
The Pennine Alps, also known as the Valais Alps, are a mountain range in the western part of the Alps.
The longest is known as Rio Ugione, on the border between Leghorn and Collesalvetti municipalities.
It is a picturesque spot in the state with its serene and peaceful atmosphere.
The Paramillo Massif is located at the northern end of the West Andes of Colombia.
The Vulture Mountains is a 29-mile long, arid, low-elevation mountain range located in northwest Maricopa County, Arizona, United States.
The regional economy is based mainly on agriculture, emigrant remittances and tourism.
The Küngöy Ala-Too, also spelled Kyungei Alatoo, Kungey Ala-Too, and Kungey Alatau, is a range in the North Tien-Shan.
Its sheer southwest slope makes up one side of Indian Pass, and a northeastern spur forms the cliffs of Avalanche Pass.
They were named in 1886 after the Arctic explorer George Washington DeLong.
The Confusion Range is named for its "rugged isolation and confusing topography."
This area is also often colloquially referred to as “the Rand” or “Wits”.
Most of them are dormant, except Mount Nyiragongo 3,462 metres and Mount Nyamuragira 3,063 metres, both in the DRC.
It is a UNESCO World Heritage Site and is one of the eight "hottest hot-spots" of biological diversity in the world.
These hills are home to Dongria Kondh indigenous people.
Part of the range is protected within the Carnarvon National Park.
They were named by RARE for William R. Latady, an aerial photographer with the expedition.
The Bergamasque Prealps are a mountain range in the southern part of the Alps.
The Mopah Range is a desert mountain range, in the Lower Colorado River Valley region, in southeastern San Bernardino County, California.
Manly Pass lies at the northern end of the Slate Range, with Layton Pass at the southern end.
The Picos Volcanic Fissural System is a system of scoria cones that build up the central region of the island of São Miguel.
Major cities near the Swan Range include Kalispell and Bigfork to the northeast, and Seeley Lake on the south.
The Hohe Schrecke is a ridge of hills in central Germany.
The Lower Morava Valley Czech: Dolnomoravský úval /Jihomoravská pánev also, German: Nieder March Talsenke, Slovak: Dolnomoravský úval) is a geomorphological formation in the Moravia.
The Nanling is a corridor where Chinese ethnic groups migrate and also the land of national amalgamation.
Yucca Mountain, Jackass Flat and Skull Mountain lie to the northwest and north across Rock Valley.
Around the Gebel al-Ain liegen many archaeological sites are situated, mostly graveyards of the post-Meroitic and medieval Christian period.
According to Sir Ifor Williams, the word "Glyder" derives from the Welsh word "Cludair", meaning a heap of stones.
This mountain range is located at a latitude of 43.5249 and a longitude of 118.5024, locating this mountain range within the Drewsey CCD.
The hill is famous for the famous and one of the richest Hindu deity Venketeswaraswamy temple.
About 32,000 acres are roadless in the Montana portion, with an unknown amount in Idaho.
The range lies in a region of southeast Arizona and southwest New Mexico called the Madrean Sky Islands.
Bukowica Range part of the Pogórze Bukowskie and Low Beskids in southern Poland.
The chain overlaps the Khan Khentii Strictly Protected Area and includes Mongolia's sacred mountain, Burkhan Khaldun, which is associated with the origin of Genghis Khan.
Allied Nevada re-opened the mine in 2008 after acquiring it from Vista Gold Corporation.
The Quail Mountains are located southwest of Death Valley National Park in eastern California, USA.
Its highest peak is Mount Dainichi at 2,128m, and the main peak of the range is Mount Iide at 2,105m above sea level.
To the north lie the Teshio Mountains.
Major peaks on the ridge include, from west to east, Reyes Peak, Haddock Peak, and Thorn Point.
The range is fairly high in elevation, with dryland-type summits with some very small icefields.
The mountains are densely forested mainly by secondary spruce plantations.
Ontario Highway 6 is the principal transportation route through the range.
The Blackfoot River carves through the region.
The highest peaks of the southern portion are under 7,000 ft.
The Austrian Northern Railway built in 1869 from Brno to Přerov and Ostrava also traversed the Vyškov Gate.
It consists of a central mountain group and three individual mountains.
It is one of the eight natural landscapes of Upper Lusatia.
It is a Northern extension of Altai Mountains and Southern extension of Kuznetsk Alatau.
This range crosses the provinces of Bolu, Çankırı and Çorum, and its limits are Sakarya River, to the west, and Kızılırmak River, to the east.
The highest mountain in this range is Keele Peak at 2,972 m. The second highest mountain is Mount Nirvana.
Geologically they belong to the Căliman-Harghita Mountains group of the Inner Eastern Carpathians.
The Garfield Range is a mountain range on Ellesmere Island, Nunavut, Canada.
The mountains are part of the Garden Route of South Africa.
The Rampart Range is a mountain range located in Douglas, El Paso, and Teller counties, Colorado, USA.
In 1912, the district was made part of Assam province.
The pools are also one of only a few places where the federally threatened species of fairy shrimp, Branchinecta lynchi, can be found.
The mountain range takes its name from the nearby town of Anaconda, founded by Marcus Daly in 1883.
The Kelly Hills are a mountain range at the southern end of the Northern Territory of Australia.
The Taurus mountains are divided into three chains from west to east as follows;
The Cottonwood Mountains are a mountain range in Riverside County, California.
The Kreyenhagen Hills form a long foothill belt in the soft formations between Reef Ridge and Kettleman Plain.
The Arica Mountains are a small mountain range in northern Riverside County, California.
They are between the Baldwin Hills and Palos Verdes Peninsula.
It separates the Mediterranean and Atlantic coastlines from the Sahara Desert.
There are two Provincial Parks in the area, Cypress Provincial Park and Mount Seymour Provincial Park.
The geopolitical situation and the lack of infrastructure has hampered the development of tourism.
The Long Rhön is an elongated basalt plateau in the centre, roughly 800 metres above sea level, which is only occasional interrupted by mountain peaks.
It is surrounded by the Gamsby River and Tenaiko Creek.
All these peaks are over 8,000 ft and the three highest are over 9,000 ft.
It is located along the Pacific coast and forms part of the larger Chilean Coast Range.
The whole area is also marked by intermontane basins which cut across the region in a number of broad and narrow river valleys and flood plains.
The terrain is very rough, with very steep slopes descending into deep canyons.
The Organ Mountains are a rugged mountain range in southern New Mexico in the Southwestern United States.
It runs in the east-west direction, north of the Zeravshan Range, forming the southern boundary of the Ferghana Valley in Tajikistan and Golodnaya Steppe in Uzbekistan.
Pronghorn and deer utilize the area year-round, while elk reside here in winter and spring.
To the northwest is the Sonoma Range in Humboldt County.
Point of Rocks is a mountain range in Kern County, California.
It is a subrange of the Queen Charlotte Mountains which in turn form part of the Insular Mountains.
Animals include many species of high conservation value, such as brown bear, gray wolf, wildcat, European pine marten, wild boar, red deer, roe deer, chamois, etc.
It has a peak elevation of 1,279 meters.
It makes up part of the Arctic Cordillera mountain system.
The range is 55 km NW–SE and 15 km SW–NE and 2,970 km² in area.
Major components include Ford Massif, Bermel Escarpment and a group of eastern peaks near Nolan Pillar.
The Lofer Mountains or Loferer Mountains are a mountain range in the Northern Limestone Alps in the Eastern Alps of central Europe.
A large part of the Nonsberg Group is formed by the Mendelkamm.
Northwest of the Langkofel is the Seiser Alm.
Indian Mesa is a flat top hill whose sides are steep cliffs.
They are in a Bureau of Land Management administered area.
The northernmost and highest peak of the range is the 1,469 metres Mount Murchison overlooking the Buller River.
on the border of North Rhine-Westphalia and Lower Saxony in Germany.
Mercury Valley and the town of Mercury lie to the northeast.
This is due to how big the mountains are compared to other lowland areas found in this region.
The highest peak in the range is Francs Peak, located in Wyoming at 13,153 ft.
Turčianska kotlina and the Oravská vrchovina Mts.
Tourism is now a major part of the regional economy, with the narrow gauge railway between Durango and Silverton being an attraction in the summer.
The Karuk name for the Three Sisters is asavêehkak.
The Müggelberge are a wooded line of hills with heights up to 114.7 m above sea level in the southeast of Berlin's Treptow-Köpenick quarter.
The Canadian Rockies are composed of shale and limestone.
The northern end of the ranges begins east of Medicine Lake and extends in a southeasterly direction past the southern shore of Maligne Lake.
The Nelson Overlook is a viewing point over the Colorado River's El Dorado Canyon.
The highest point in the range is Mount Iwate, 2,038 metres.
For the etymology of the name, see Tauern.
The South Downs have also been designated as a National Character Area by Natural England.
The highest mountain in the range is Angilaaq Mountain, 1,951 m, located near the island's center.
The Koeye Range is a small mountain range in southwestern British Columbia, Canada, located between the Koeye River and Elizabeth Lake.
The Apennines or Apennine Mountains are a mountain range consisting of parallel smaller chains extending c. 1,200 km along the length of peninsular Italy.
A small portion of the range extends into the far northwestern section of Glacier National Park, Montana, United States.
The Jackson Mountains are a north-northeast trending mountain range in southwestern Humboldt County, Nevada.
The highest point is 3,087-foot Boistfort Peak.
The Tarcău Mountains are a mountain range, part of the Moldavian-Muntenian Carpathians of the Outer Eastern Carpathians.
The range is approximately 64 kilometres long.
The Tatras should not be confused with the Low Tatras which are located south of the Tatra Mountains in Slovakia.
The Dunnigan Hills are a low mountain range in northern Yolo County, California.
The Wasatch Range  is a mountain range that stretches approximately 160 miles from the Utah-Idaho border, south through central Utah in the western United States.
Kala Chitta Range is a mountain range located in the Attock District of Punjab, Pakistan.
Four chains stretch from west to east; in addition, there are a number of fringe ranges and an extensive promontory in the north.
The range is located south of Interstate 40 and Newberry Springs, and east of the Ord Mountains and northwest of the Bullion Mountains.
3,694 feet, is a set of hills south of Broadus, Montana in Powder River County, Montana.
They lie south of Billings, Montana, and north of Lovell, Wyoming.
The mountains encompass an area of 4,862 square miles.
Zelengora is a mountain range in the Sutjeska National Park of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The Elkhorn Mountains are partly within the Wallowa–Whitman National Forest and the North Fork John Day Wilderness.
The two sections are separated by a depression, the Jach'a Molino Pampa.
Mount Washington is part of a line of summits, the Presidential Range, that are named after U.S. presidents and other prominent Americans.
The Norwegian Trekking Association maintains the tourist huts Schultzhytta in Roltdalen, Storerikvollen and Nedalshytta by Nesjøen.
Tin Mountain, at the northern end of the range, reaches an elevation of 2,729 meters.
Maximum height is reached in Pietrosul Călimanilor Peak, at 2,102 m. Other significant peaks include: Bistriciorul, Stuniorul, Gruiului, Negoiul Unguresc, Rețițiș, Bradul Ciont, Iezerul Călimanilor.
This has made it a popular area in the National Park, and has contributed to the Cascades' title of "The American Alps".
The district was an important producer of silver, gold and base metals during the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
Locals tend to divide the Black Hills into two areas: "The Southern Hills" and "The Northern Hills".
The mountains cover an area of approximately 550,000 square km.
The Bighorn Mountains are a mountain range of the Mojave Desert and Transverse Ranges, located in San Bernardino County, California.
The range is oriented along a northwest-southeast axis, extending approximately 80 miles from 39°37′36″N 106°32′13″W in the north to 38°5′51″N 106°3′48″W in the south.
The highest point, named Palavou Pyrgos, is 1,926 m.
The highest peak of the range in Turkmenistan is southwest of the capital Ashgabat and stands at 2,940 metres.
The closest town is Edgemont, South Dakota, to the south.
Suva Planina is a mountain in southeastern Serbia.
Together with the Vorberge and the Sackwald the Sieben Berge belong to the geological formation of the Sackmulde.
The highest point in the Groom Range is 9,249 feet.
The range lies to the south and east of the Mescal Range and Clark Mountain Range.
The Adirondack Mountains  form a massif in the northeast of Upstate New York in the United States.
Vostok Subglacial Highlands form an east extension of Gamburtsev Subglacial Mountains.
Organ lies at the southwest foothills; the townsite, White Sands, NM lies to the southeast at the southwest of the Tularosa Valley.
The Algerian city Constantine with approximately 505,000 residents lies 80 km inland and directly in the mountains at 650 meters in elevation.
Sierra Blanca is a mountain range of the Penibaetic System in Málaga Province, Andalusia, Spain.
The Mineral Range is a mountain range in Siskiyou County, California.
The highest point is the Pančić's Peak with 2,017 m.
Physiographically, they are a section of the larger Yukon-Tanana Uplands province, which in turn are part of the larger Intermontane Plateaus physiographic division.
The range is named in honour of Canada's second prime minister, Alexander Mackenzie.
While hosting patches of woodlands, perched wetlands, and traprock glades, the hill is largely unprotected from development.
Cabo Girão is a popular lookout point, with up to 1800 visitors a day.
Its tallest peak is Doi Inthanon, the highest point in Thailand.
Faulting and tilting of the area continued through the Carboniferous.
The Showdown Ski Area holds the state's record for snowfall, 33 feet of snow in one winter.
The Jemez Mountains or Tsąmpiye'ip'įn in Jemez/Towa are a volcanic group of mountains in Rio Arriba, Sandoval, and Los Alamos counties, New Mexico, United States.
Part of the range is within the Sierra Azul Open Space Preserve.
The name "Blue Hills" is said to come from the green trees appearing blue at a distance due to atmospheric optics.
It is a frontal belt of the Ouachita Mountains and is located in Haskell and Latimer counties, Oklahoma.
They are all located in the northern part of the Chelan Range.
On the Western High Atlas, there is Oukaïmeden, one of three main ski stations in Morocco.
Rocks and soils are inherently unstable, a factor in the landslide that caused much loss of life in 1959.
The peak in the range is Mount Burrell at 933 metres above sea level.
The Silver Peak Range is a mountain range in southwest Esmeralda County, Nevada.
The highest point in the Little Belt Range is Big Baldy Mountain at 9,175 feet.
The Osborn Range is a small mountain range located on the northwest flank of Tanquary Fiord on north-central Ellesmere Island, Nunavut, Canada.
The mountains were named after the city of Vicenza which lies at their eastern edge.
The term "Alatau" refers to a kind of mountain.
The Gila River is on the southeast and south perimeter, then has its confluence with the Colorado River.
The French Mountains are a mountain range in Washoe County, Nevada.
The highest point is Black Mesa at 3,639 feet.
Like many mountain ranges in southern Nevada, it has the distinctive bare gray limestone formations common in the region.
It comprises the largest contiguous forest in Central Jersey, nearly 90 square miles in area.
Hannibal famously crossed the Alps with a herd of elephants, and the Romans had settlements in the region.
The Crazy Mountains, often called the Crazies, are a mountain range in the northern Rocky Mountains in the U.S. state of Montana.
The Delamar Valley lies to the west, the Kane Springs Valley to the east and the Coyote Springs Valley lies to the south of the range.
The Sperrins or Sperrin Mountains are a range of mountains in Northern Ireland and one of the largest upland areas in Ireland.
The Potrero Hills are a low mountain range in the Sacramento–San Joaquin River Delta area of southern Solano County, California.
Kimsa Cruz or Quimsa Cruz in hispanicized spelling is a partly Aymara, partly Spanish expression meaning "three crosses".
The source of the river Spree, which runs through central Berlin, is located near the small town of Ebersbach.
The Slieve Aughty are a mountain range in the western part of Ireland spread over both County Galway and County Clare.
The mountains are adjacent to Nunavakanuk Lake.
The Sutter Buttes are referred to as the world's smallest mountain range.
To the southeast lie the Jacumba Mountains and the Volcanic Hills.
For a more complete list of hills see List of mountains and hills of Kitsap County, Washington.
Unlike much of the rest of Japan, the Kitami Mountains are not very seismically active.
The Elkhorn Mountains are a mountain range in southwestern Montana, part of the Rocky Mountains and are roughly 300,000 acres in size.
The international border lies approximately 11 mi south of the southeast margin of the range.
Two peaks are located in the wilderness, Muggins Peak at 1,424 feet in the southeast, and the Klothos Temple in center west at 1,666 feet.
Many of Death Valley National Park's most well-known features, such as Zabriskie Point and Artists Drive are located in or are part of the Amargosa Range.
The Marble Mountain Wilderness features an unparalleled diversity of plant life found nowhere else in the state.
The Serranías Chiquitanas are a group of low mountain ranges in the northeast of the Bolivian department of Santa Cruz.
Numerous seams of coal are found in this range, with past and present mines at Cadomin, Mountain Park and Luscar.
The mountains separate Cache Valley from the Wasatch Front.
Towards the coast the range continues into the Border Ranges and other mountainous terrain formed by the Tweed Volcano.
The name Western Alps refers to the western part of the Alpine range.
The plateau to the south and west averages 2,000 feet above sea level.
On a clear day the view from the top of Greathouse Peak extends from Canada to Yellowstone.
Basedow returned to Puntitjara in June 1926 on another expedition, this one led by Donald Mackay.
The higher Ella Range lies to the south.
The Bears Paw Mountains extend in a 45-mile arc between the Missouri River and Rocky Boy Indian Reservation south of Havre.
This effort was coordinated by John Ifft, a forester for the Medford Office of the BLM.
The Chechidla Range is a mountain range in northernwestern British Columbia, Canada, located about 150 km west of Dease Lake and 125–150 km south-southeast of Atlin.
Well known mountain ranges can be found at the Pacific Cordillera, including the famous Rocky Mountain range, and the coastal mountain range stretching across British Columbia.
The mountains are rough and precipitous, with occasional fertile plateaux which are occupied by native food-gardens.
The Bergamasque Alps or Bergamo Alps are a mountain range in the Italian Alps.
The Discovery Ski Area is located in the southwestern part of the Flints, near Georgetown Lake.
Views of it inspired Thomas Cole and other painters of the Hudson River school, the first art movement in the United States.
They are located in southern Colorado and northern New Mexico in the United States.
The Steamer Range is a series of spectacular rock formations branching off the Main Range National Park in Queensland, Australia.
However the greater part of the range lies in Tyrol.
The Dry Andes is a climatic and glaciological subregion of the Andes.
The mountains were mapped in detail by the USGS from Tellurometer surveys, 1960–61, and U.S. Navy air photos, 1960.
They are located in Slovenia and in Italy.
Nipesotsu-Maruyama is a volcanic group situated in Hokkaidō, Japan.
One of the Cinder cones of the Lavic Lake volcanic field are in the range, with the other three including Pisgah Crater beyond to the east.
The southern margin of the range is bounded by the Amargosa Desert with the Funeral Mountains and Death Valley beyond.
The Pacific Cordillera is a top-level physiographic region of Canada.
The Mud Hills are located southwest of Lane Mountain, southeast of Black Mountain and Opal Mountain, northeast of Mount General, and east of Water Valley.
The gulches on the western slopes of the Big Belts were noted historically for rich gold placer strikes.
Pahute Peak, also known as Big Mountain, is the highest point in the range at 8,566 feet above sea level.
The Escarpment was the first area of the Catskills to attract the interest of European settlers.
More species of conifers live in proximity here than any place else in the world.
The ecosystem can be characterised as a dry deciduous forest or Bushveld.
It lies in the mid Magdalena River Valley in the foothills of the Cordillera Oriental of the Colombian Andes.
Along with Sawmill Ridge, Mill Creek Mountain forms the Trough along the South Branch.
The highest peak of the mountain range is Radziejowa at 1262 metres.
The Marys River Range is a mountain range in Elko County, Nevada, United States.
Other recorded climbing visits occurred in 1979 and 1995.
It is divided approximately in half by a deep valley, the valley of Syterskalet/Viterskalet.
The Sierra de Huétor is a mountain range of the Baetic System in Granada Province, Andalusia, Spain.
The Tikaboo Range is a mountain range in Lincoln County, Nevada.
Its highest point is about 870 metres above sea level.
It has an area of 634 km2 and is a subrange of the Monashee Mountains which in turn form part of the Columbia Mountains.
The other large roadless area is mainly in Idaho and is centered on the Italian Peaks portion of the range.
the Bicaz and the Bistriţa to the North;
It is called the Reading Prong by geologists.
They meet with the steep face of Reef Ridge, and are distinct from the mountains which begin there.
There are three variant names of mountain range: Cuerno Verde, Greenhorn Mountains, and Sierra Mojada.
The Table Rocks are one of the most popular hiking locations in the Rogue Valley, with over 45,000 visitors annually.
The Ybbstal Alps are a mountain range of the Northern Limestone Alps and part of the Eastern Alps, located in Austria.
This is likely related to the ground composition and cloud forest conditions of the site.
They lie 10 miles east of the city of Las Cruces, in Doña Ana County.
The highest point in the West Pioneers is Stine Mountain, el.
This BLM land is under Fire Season Vehicle Restrictions from Mid-April to Mid-October.
Other towns lying next to the range are the village of Zerhamra in the northwest, and Béni Ikhlef and Kerzaz in the southeast.
Named for the Shoshone Indians, the range receives 15 inches or less of precipitation in an average year.
Physiographically, they are a section of the larger Pacific Border province, which in turn is part of the larger Pacific Mountain System physiographic division.
Strabo described the area of the mountain range near Sellades as Selaida.
A substantial part of the western end of the range has been incorporated into Killarney National Park and is a popular area for hikes and hillwalking.
The Pavant Range merges into the Tushar Mountains on the south.
It is also the biggest Balkan’s mountain winter event.
Ganesh Himāl is a sub-range of the Himalayas located mostly in north-central Nepal, but some peaks lie on the border with Tibet.
The Caha Mountains are a range of low sandstone mountains situated on the Beara peninsula in south-west County Cork, in the Ireland.
The highest point on the Long Mynd is Pole Bank; this and the adjacent hill of Caer Caradoc are classed as Marilyns.
The Phosphoria Formation reaches its greatest thickness beneath the mountains.
They are partly within the Upemba National Park.
The highest peak in the range is just north of the resort, Wedge Mountain 2892 m a.k.a.
US Route 50 crosses the very southern end of the range at Hickison Summit between Eureka and Austin.
The South Virgin Mountains are within the jurisdiction of the BLM—Bureau of Land Management.
It is named after Paweł Edmund Strzelecki, a Polish explorer, who led an expedition through this region in the 1840s.
Slate is still mined in the mountains.
The range has been targeted for conservation by government agencies in four states, the federal government, and over a dozen non-profit organizations.
Approximately one-third of the ridge is protected as open space reserve, municipal watershed, and wildlife sanctuary.
They occupy the whole centre of County Wicklow and stretch outside its borders into Counties Dublin, Wexford and Carlow.
The Racetrack Playa is to the southwest.
The name Shiretoko is derived from the Ainu word sir etok, meaning "the end of the Earth" or "the place where the Earth protrudes".
The Klamath Mountains are a rugged and lightly populated series of mountain ranges in northwestern California and southwestern Oregon in the western United States.
Most of the range is included within the Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest.
It is visible from Athens above the top of the Argive mountains.
Blue Dick Benchmark, at 9,289 ft above sea level, is the highest point of the Palmettos.
It is composed of granite, and schist of lower Paleozoic.
Safford and Willcox, Arizona are the nearest towns to the Pinaleños.
Lower hills surrounding the range are made up of carbonates.
The angle of subduction was shallow, resulting in a broad belt of mountains running down western North America.
Store Austanbotntind: 2,202 m or 7,224 ft
Other notable peaks include Mount Marks, named after Rodney Marks, and Portal Mountain.
It was discovered in 1896 and named after Curt von Hagen, then director general of the New Guinea Company and governor of German New Guinea.
Sierra de las Ánimas is a hill range which starts in Lavalleja Department of Uruguay and extends south into Maldonado Department.
Academy of Sciences Range is a mountain range in the Western Pamirs of Tajikistan.
Several explanations have been made regarding the creation of this feature, each citing a different geologic process.
It was first crossed during the British National Antarctic Expedition of 1901-1904.
Tucker lies in the center-east of the small Williamson Valley.
Tafjordfjella or Tafjordfjellene is a mountain range in Møre og Romsdal and Oppland counties, Norway.
It is part of the Black Rock Desert-High Rock Canyon Emigrant Trails National Conservation Area.
The Columbia Mountains are a group of mountain ranges along the upper Columbia River in southeastern British Columbia, and also in Montana, Idaho and Washington.
The chain stretches 25 miles from the northwest shore of Mono Lake to the south of Mammoth Mountain.
Other notable summits are Hoyo del Toro, 1,353 m, Cerro de Marchamonas, 1,272 m and Morrón de la Cuna 1,222 m.
The mountains fall under the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management and cover approximately 175 square miles.
The range is home to an estimated 187,000 acres of old growth forest, constituting the largest such stand east of the Mississippi River.
The majority of the skeletal fragments were found in canyons under fine silt and sand.
The range lies southwest of Cactus Flat and north of Pahute Mesa.
It extends for approximately 40 miles in a north–south direction through the U.S. state of Wyoming, east of the Idaho state line.
It lies northwest of the Ivanpah Mountains across Paiute Valley.
The Schwyz Alps are a mountain range in Switzerland.
The Blouberg forms part of the 'Vhembe Biosphere Reserve', named a biosphere reserve by UNESCO since 2009.
Devils Tower National Monument, located in the Wyoming Black Hills, is an important nearby attraction and was the United States' first national monument.
The Delta Mountains or Delta Range are a subrange of the Alaska Range, forming its eastern terminus.
The highest peak is Fidlův kopec at a height of 680 metres.
The area provides critical habitat and movement corridors for bighorn sheep, desert tortoises, nesting golden eagles, kit foxes and burrowing owls.
Vértes is a mountain range in north-western Hungary, in the Central Transdanubian region, between the ranges Bakony and Gerecse.
Interstate 84 passes just to the east of the mountains.
The area is protected by Magurski National Park and Jaśliski Park Krajobrazowy.
Bellvale Mountain is a mountain range located near Bellvale in Orange County, New York.
The north ridgeline of the range forms the southeast border of Beaver County.
Maleny, Mapleton, Montville and Flaxton are the main settlements located on the range.
This area includes the Middle and Lost Forks of the Judith River, which cut deep canyons through multicolored limestone cliffs.
The Tatlatui Range is a large and very alpine mountain range on the east flank of the upper Skeena River in northern British Columbia, Canada.
Cordillera de Queule is a minor mountain range in the border of La Araucanía Region and Los Ríos Region, southern Chile.
Both Clinton and Belfort had post offices in the 1880s.
Box Elder and the Wellsville Cone are its two highest peaks.
The mountain is entrenched in the history of the local Tswana people, and they have different names for its various parts.
The Castle of Peracense rises atop an escarpment in the southern part of the range.
Butterfield Canyon contains a paved road that connects Tooele with Herriman.
Shinmoedake erupted in January 2011 and again in March 2011.
The slopes of Clarke Range form the upper reaches of the Pioneer River valley.
It stretches from the village Kleisoura in the northwest to Xirolimni in the southeast, over a length of about 30 km.
The most notable rock formation are the Belogradchik Rocks in the west.
The Gabbs Valley Range is a mountain range in the west of the central Nevada desert in the Great Basin region.
They are also known as the Parhar Mountains in the local Turkish and Pontic Greek languages.
The name means "cut off" in Romanian.
The range lies between the Bullion Mountains to the west, and the Coxcomb Mountains to the east.
Another popular mountain is the Dürrenstein at 1,870 m.
It is formed by the subranges of Sierra del Rosario and Sierra de los Órganos.
Well-known peaks include Slogen, Randers Topp, Jakta, Kolåstinden, Hornindalsrokken, Kvitegga, Skårasalen, and Råna.
Other peaks include Pilger Mountain and Sullivan Peak.
In Argentina the Dry Andes reaches 40°S due to the leeward effect of the Andes.
The Sierra Madre de Chiapas is a major mountain range in Central America.
The Bullfrog Hills are a small mountain range of the Mojave Desert in southern Nye County, southwestern Nevada.
Next it runs through Paneveggio and over the Rolle Pass into the Cismon Valley as far as Mezzano.
The highest peak is Hollowtop at 10,604 feet.
The maximum elevation is at Mount Peale, reaching 12,721 feet above sea level.
The Okanagan Highland lies between the Kettle River and Okanagan Lake, south of the Shuswap River.
The Fairview Range is a mountain range in Lincoln County, Nevada.
The Highland Range Crucial Bighorn Habitat Area is a large part of the range's north, and also the alluvial plains on the northeast above Eldorado Valley.
Wine has been produced here since at least the 1840s.
Mansiri Himal is a small, high subrange of the Himalaya in north-central Nepal, about 100 km northwest of Kathmandu.
At times, it also been known as Texter Mountain, Durham Hills, Reading Hills, and the Lehigh Mountains.
The Range is easily viewed from Minaret Summit, which is accessible by motor vehicle.
To the east is the Umpqua Valley and to the west the Pacific Ocean.
Turnbull Canyon is a 4 mile loop trail located near Whittier, California and is part of Puente Hills Preserve.
The mountains lie to the east of Searles Lake and the Argus Range at the southern end of the Panamint Range.
The peaks reminded him of the glass furnaces in his home county of Yorkshire.
Qionglai Mountains is a mountain range in the Sichuan Province of China.
The highest mountain outside Asia, Mount Aconcagua, rises to an elevation of about 6,961 m above sea level.
The north-eastern part in the massif is part of the Paneveggio-Pale di San Martino Natural Park.
The Haar or Haarstrang is a ridge of hills on the southern edge of the Westphalian Basin in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
Access to Mount Mitchell is only from the north or via detour from the south.
Sierra de la Virgen is a mountain range in the Aranda and Comunidad de Calatayud comarcas, Aragon, Spain.
For over 10,000 years, the San Bernardinos and their surroundings have been inhabited by indigenous peoples, who used the mountains as a summer hunting ground.
The mountains reach an elevation of 9,147 feet at Fagin Mountain, and cover an area of approximately 310 square miles.
From Brisbane, follow the Bruce Highway north, take the Glass House Mountains tourist drive turn-off and follow the signs to the Glass House Mountains.
The closest community to the Kofa Mountains is Quartzsite, 30 miles northwest on Interstate 10.
Creeks on the south of the range drain into the Stanley River and directly into Lake Somerset.
It is a subrange of the Arctic Cordillera.
In 1978, Francis Halloway claimed he saw Sasquatch cross his path while Halloway was out hiking alone.
The Santa Rita Mountains were severely burned in July 2005 in the Florida Fire.
Finally it runs along the Mocheni Valley to Trento, from where follows the Etschtal valley once again to Bolzano.
The range is host to the mountain plum-pine, a low-lying type of conifer that is suspected of being the world's oldest living plant.
The Retezat Mountains are one of the highest massifs in Romania, being part of the Southern Carpathians.
The northern slopes of the Endicotts are steeper and more heavily incised, before they give way to the Arctic Coastal Plain.
An ophiolite and Peridotite complex, the Lewis Hills is the southernmost of four such complexes  located within the Humber Arm Allochthon, a world-renowned geological area.
The Reveille Range is the Nye County, Nevada mountain range that is the location of the Reveille Range volcanic field.
ago, and erosion by glaciers exposed the granite and formed the light-colored mountains and cliffs that make up the range.
The Buckskin Mountains also extend west into a section abutting the Colorado River.
Nelson is in the center of the range, and the nearest community north is Boulder City.
The Little Belt Mountains are a section of the Rocky Mountains in the U.S. state of Montana.
The Bukovec Mountains is a flysch mountain range in north-eastern Slovakia, part of the Eastern Beskids and the Ukrainian Carpathians ranges belonging to the Eastern Carpathians.
The placename Sedco was introduced by the South Elsinore Development Company, that subdivided and sold the land on the southeast side of the lake.
Suusamyr Too is a mountain range in internal Tian Shan in Kyrgyzstan.
The San Francisco Peaks are a volcanic mountain range in north central Arizona, just north of Flagstaff and a remnant of the former San Francisco Mountain.
The caldera is about 40 km long and 25 km at its widest point.
The highest peak in the range is Mount Rainier in Washington at 14,411 feet.
The boundaries of the range are generally defined by Saddleback Mountain in the South and Granite Mountain as the Northern boundary.
The range is connected in the northeast to the Cricket Mountains with the same Basin and Range, southwest by northeast lineage.
The trail is particularly grueling and is rarely traversed mostly due to its length and remoteness from major cities.
The Maçana River has its sources in the Maçana mountains, on the Serra de Rubió.
The length of the range is 354 km and the highest peak is Karakol Peak.
The restricted Nellis Air Force Range lies to the south.
The Himalayan range has many of the Earth's highest peaks, including the highest, Mount Everest.
Mohawk, Arizona on Interstate 8 is located on the north end of the range; Mohawk Pass traverses the range with the interstate route.
Sierra de Alcubierre is a 40 km long mountain range in the Monegros comarca, Aragon, Spain.
More specifically, CSS is to search for any potentially hazardous asteroids that may pose a threat of impact.
Before that time the terms "La Sierra Nevada", "La Sierra Madre", "La Sierra", and "The Snowies" were used.
The deepest oil well drilled in California was here in 1987.
The range acts as a natural divider, dividing peninsular Malaysia, as well as southernmost Thailand, into east and west coast regions.
The mountains lie between the Salmon River and the Bitterroot Range and encompass an area of 8,499 square miles.
Their location is in the North of the Bohemian-Moravian Highlands.
The name derives from the sandstone which was carved by erosion.
The Ashington Range is a mountain range of the Boundary Ranges in northwestern British Columbia, Canada.
The range's western flank is the site of a series of now-semi-abandoned mining towns.
It occupies portions of eight of the municipalities and cities in the province such as Talakag, Baungon, Libona, Manolo Fortich, Impasugong, Lantapan and Malaybalay City.
The southern end of the range forms the eastern wall of the mountains that surround the city of Grenoble.
The Rosamond Hills are a low mountain range in the Mojave Desert, in eastern Kern County, California.
The range forms a relatively isolated part of the Continental Divide, extending north-to-south for approximately 40 miles along the boundary between Jackson and Routt counties.
The Flinders Ranges are the largest mountain range in South Australia, which starts about 200 km north of Adelaide.
The Badlands are a mountain range in Riverside County, California.
The range was named by Gordon Noel Humphreys during the Oxford University Ellesmere Land Expedition.
The East Pioneers receive relatively little use from recreationists, and a number of lake basins are trailless.
The Jacumba Mountains reach an elevation of 4,512 feet at Jacumba Peak, near the southern end of the chain.
The Horse Hills are a low mountain range in the eastern Mojave Desert, in eastern San Bernardino County, southern California.
Since then, the mountains have been extensively engineered for transportation and water supply purposes.
The range consists of more than a dozen stratovolcanoes and lava domes arranged into two volcanic groups.
7,831 feet, is a small mountain range northwest of Wise River, Montana in Silver Bow County, Montana.
Simandou is a 110 km long range of hills located in Calmonz and Kankan regions of southeastern Guinea, in the country's mountainous, forested Guinée Forestière region.
The Gorce Mountains are part of the Western Beskids mountain range spreading across southernmost Poland.
The Sierra del Lacandón is a low karstic mountain range in Guatemala and Mexico.
They arrived in several waves, taking refuge in times of conflict and dispersing in times of prosperity, although not without intense internal hostility at times.
Those wilderness areas are Pahute Peak Wilderness and the North Black Rock Range Wilderness.
The most recent activity is centered on the northwest end.
Lesser Caucasus is second of the two main mountain ranges of Caucasus mountains, of length about 600 km.
The Beni-Chougrane Range is a mountain range in the northwest of Algeria, part of the Atlas Mountain System.
One of the northernmost peaks, Nokhu Crags, is prominently visible from the west side of Cameron Pass.
"Pah Rah" is a Paiute term which translates roughly to "Lake Mountain" in reference to Pyramid Lake adjacent to the northeast margin of the range.
The main south-north highway and Dovre Line in Norway runs over Dovrefjell.
The range rises in eastern Gujarat state running east through the border of Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh to the east till Chhattisgarh.
Some definitions place the Puget Lowland physiographic province east of the Willapa Hills.
Its operations were centered near Encampment 15 miles to the east.
The range lies in a southwest-northeasterly direction between Crescent Valley and Pine Valley.
Butterfield Canyon road climbs to a summit of 9,180 ft. above sea level.
The Gallatin Range was named after Albert Gallatin, the longest-serving US Secretary of the Treasury and one of the negotiators of the Alaska Boundary Treaty.
It is the site of a doppler radar station.
The Presidential Range is a mountain range located in the White Mountains of the U.S. state of New Hampshire.
The 51 mile Metacomet Trail traverses the range.
It contains the Australian mainland's highest mountain, Mount Kosciuszko, which reaches to a height of 2,228 m above sea level.
The mountain range is located approximately 11 km south of Dire Dawa, 12 km from Jijiga by road.
The Bibans or Biban Range are a chain of mountains in northern Algeria, bordering the south of Kabylie.
The Heysen Trail and Mawson Trail run for several hundred kilometres along the ranges, providing scenic long distance routes for walkers, cyclists and horse-riders.
The Jaghatai Mountain Range is a mountain range located in the western part of Razavi Khorasan Province in northeast Iran.
It is bounded on the north by the Matanuska, Copper, and Chitina rivers.
The Picket Range is a small, extremely rugged subrange of the North Cascades in the northwestern part of the American state of Washington.
The Calico Mountains of California are located in the Mojave Desert of San Bernardino County and Inyo County, California.
The Yuha Buttes are a group of buttes in the Lower Colorado River Valley, in southern Imperial County, California.
The Totes Gebirge is a group of mountains in Austria, part of the Northern Limestone Alps, lying between the Salzkammergut and the Ennstaler Alpen.
The Dubrower Berge are easy to reach from Berlin or Frankfurt/Oder on the A12 autobahn, just 2 kilometres to the north.
The Majuba Mountains are a mountain range in Pershing County, Nevada.
The coastal plains, including the Coromandel Coast region, lie between the Eastern Ghats and the Bay of Bengal.
The average height of the range is about 900 metres above mean sea level.
The Three Sisters is a small mountain range, or a mountain with three summits, within the northeastern Temescal Mountains, in Riverside County, California.
The Ivanpah Mountains are located in the southeastern Mojave Desert of California in the United States.
Over 30 high mountain lakes grace the range, and subalpine spruce-fir forests give way at lower elevations to groves of ponderosa pine and douglas fir.
Public access to the Park, especially from Marana, has become contentious.
The divide includes the Kings–Kern Divide and the Kaweah Peaks Ridge.
The Mohawk Mountains-Bryan Mountains is a northwest-southeast trending block faulted system.
Most of the range south of Enoggera Creek is covered by the protected area of Mt Coot-tha Reserve.
The Plessur Alps are a mountain range in the Alps of eastern Switzerland.
The British Empire Range is immediately to the west of the United States Range.
It was the western border of the Austinville banana plantation before the settlement was all but abandoned in the 1930s.
Besides Mount Patterson, other peaks in the Sweetwater Range include Middle Sister and East Sister.
The Bruce Mountains are a small mountain range on the northeast coast of Baffin Island, Nunavut, Canada.
In fact one was constructed during World War II crossing from Wau in the north to Bulldog in the south and known as the Bulldog Track.
Nass Ranges, between the Kitsumkalum and Kitwanga Rivers.
Many rivers have their source in these mountains, but none of them are very long.
They are situated from mid-Cork to the border with County Kerry, and can be seen on the N22 road in the Kerry direction.
In the state of Maryland, Backbone Mountain reaches an elevation of 3,360 feet or 1,024 metres, making it Maryland’s highest point.
The mountains are located east of the Old Woman Mountains and north of the Turtle Mountains, about 29 miles southeast of the town of Essex.
It is managed by Jefferson National Forest.
They merge again southeastwards into the Patagonia Mountains, trending northwest by southeast.
The entire plateau-like structure is also often called the “Witwatersrand”.
It contains the southernmost glaciers in the Russian Far East outside of Kamchatka, though its status is not known.
The Unicoi Mountains are a mountain range rising along the border between Tennessee and North Carolina in the southeastern United States.
The area is still subject to fighting between drug cartels, FARC, ELN, the Black Eagles and the Colombian army.
Kikai Caldera is a massive, mostly submerged caldera up to 19 kilometres in diameter in the Ōsumi Islands of Kagoshima Prefecture, Japan.
The Black Hills are a mountain range in the Mojave Desert, in eastern Kern County, California.
The range extends approximately 60 miles north-south and 35 miles east-west.
They are a subrange of the Blue Ridge Mountains and encompass an area of approx.
It rises 7,000 m above the Marsyangdi valley floor in less than 30 km horizontal distance.
In 2016 melting snow revealed 3.7-billion-year-old stromatolite fossils, the oldest by several hundred million years thus far discovered on Earth.
An aquifer within the caldera supplies much of Flagstaff's water while the mountain itself is in the Coconino National Forest, a popular recreation site.
The Strawberry Range, also known as the Strawberry Mountains, is a mountain range in the U.S. state of Oregon.
In contrast to most mountain ranges in British Columbia, the Itcha Range represents an inactive shield volcano.
The Henrys Lake Mountains, highest point Sheep Point, el.
The Zambales Mountains is a mountain range on western Luzon island in the Philippines.
The Lava Mountains are a mountain range in the Mojave Desert, in San Bernardino County, California.
The park covers 29,320 hectares, and was justified on the basis of preserving plant diversification.
It lies within the Parque Natural de la Sierra de Huétor y la Alfaguara.
It is the drainage basin of the Bregenzer Ach river.
It has an area of 13 km2 and is a subrange of the Pacific Ranges which in turn form part of the Coast Mountains.
It is divided further into these geomorphological units:
First ascent of Ganesh I happened on October 6th, 1955.
The Hamburg Mountains are a range of the New York-New Jersey Highlands region of the Appalachian Mountains.
It has an elevation of 6,212 feet above sea level, with its summit rising 1,882 feet above nearby Capote Creek.
– von der namensgebenden Ortschaft Schienen aus im Uhrzeigersinn beginnend im Nordwesten betrachtet und die naturräumliche Lage mit einbezogen –
There are a few ancient sand dunes that have been fossilized and hollowed out by winds, producing wind caves.
Its highest point is Revoltons, 635 m. Other notable summits are Perdiguera, 516 m and Mola, 481 m.
The range is further divided into the President Range and Waputik Range
Mishmi Hills are on the Northeastern tip of India, in central Arunachal Pradesh.
The Cunnington Mountains are part of the Devon Ice Cap which forms part of the Arctic Cordillera mountain range.
Other named peaks in the small group are Gold Butte, East Butte, and Mount Lebanon.
The Iron Mountains are a mountain range in San Bernardino County, California.
The Last Chance Range are to the east.
Belianske Tatras is a mountain range in the Eastern Tatras in North Central Slovakia.
Edelweiss grows there in the region of Kozyata stena.
They lie chiefly in Lake County and Missoula County and are south and east of Flathead Lake and west of the Swan Range.
The Cargo Muchacho Mountains are located in the southeast Colorado Desert in the Lower Colorado River Valley, in Imperial County, California in the United States.
The northern end of the range is at the southern end of the Robson Valley just south of the town of Valemount.
The principal settlements of the Alleghenies are Altoona, State College, and Johnstown, Pennsylvania; and Cumberland, Maryland.
Its highest peak is the Pico Almenara with an elevation of 1796 m.
They are located in Triveneto, in the north-eastern part of Italy.
Serra de Sant Pere or Serra del Solà is a 5.8 km long mountain range in the Baix Maestrat comarca, Valencian Community, Spain.
The mountains are generally not forested, but rather vegetated with grasses, cactus, and brush typical of the Chihuahuan Desert.
It is identified to be the Mount Abu in southern Rajasthan, India.
The highest peak has an elevation of 2,511 m which is 1,353 m above the elevation of the dry Winnemucca Lake bed at about 1,158 m.
The range contains the Beaver Dam Mountains Wilderness which straddles the state's borders.
The Stanovoy Highlands or Stanovoy Uplands is a mountain range in the Transbaikal region of Siberia, Russia.
The Golden Gate Range is a mountain range in northwest Lincoln, and eastern Nye counties Nevada.
The small range is located in northern San Bernardino County.
The Horse Range is a mountain range in Nevada County, California.
They are also known as the San Timoteo Badlands.
Augite-hypersthene andesite is the dominant rock type.
The Rincon Mountains are one of five mountain ranges surrounding the Tucson valley.
The remaining peaks have an altitude between 772 m and 602 m.
The highest elevation is the Gerlachovský štít.
Baroon Pocket Dam is a reservoir on Obi Obi Creek which drains the north west slopes of the range.
The Kananaskis Range is a mountain range west of the Kananaskis River in the Canadian Rockies.
In 1799, the discovery of gold at the nearby Reed Gold Mine in Cabarrus County led to America's first gold rush.
The Llano Uplift is best known for its large, protruding rock formations, such as Enchanted Rock.
Western Tatras are the second highest mountain range both in Poland and Slovakia; its highest peak is Bystrá at 2,248 meters.
The Indio Hills are a low mountain range in the Colorado Desert, near Indio in eastern Riverside County, southern California.
The Paymaster Ridge is a mountain range in Esmeralda County, Nevada.
Jumgal Too is a mountain range in internal Tian Shan in Kyrgyz Republic.
To protect these and other threatened species, the Bureau of Land Management has listed the rocks as an Area of Critical Environmental Concern since 1984.
The Horse Range is a mountain range in Josephine County, Oregon.
The Anti-Atlas is a desolate world of rocky outcrops and lunar landscapes where the contrasts are extreme.
Many local rivers originate in the range, which receives significantly more precipitation than the surrounding desert.
Its two main summits are Michel Peak and Tweedsmuir Peak.
Despite its name, Făgăraș, located 20 km to the north, is not the nearest town to the mountain range.
A power line that runs from Parker Dam to Yuma, Arizona runs through the range.
They can be seen from practically anywhere in Wilmot Township.
The name Breheimen means "home of the glaciers", since it has many glaciers, including Norway's largest glacier, Jostedalsbreen.
The Ochoco Mountains are used for hiking, camping, bird watching, rockhounding, and hunting, as well as cross-country skiing in the winter.
The Świętokrzyskie Mountains are some of the oldest mountains in Europe, and the highest between the Sudetes and the Ural Mountains.
It rises on the northern side of the Hodna natural region in the M'Sila Province, near the town of Maadid around 200 km southeast of Algiers.
With a total length of 120 kilometres in an east-west direction, the Karawanks chain is one of the longest ranges in Europe.
The highest peak on the Wyoming side is Medicine Bow Peak).
It is located north of the Laguna de Gallocanta.
The Black Hills are a mountain range in Imperial County, California.
Goat Range is a mountain range of the Canadian Rockies in southwestern Alberta, Canada.
The Sierra Nevada de Mérida includes the highest peaks in Venezuela, Pico Bolívar, which has an elevation of 4,981 metres, Pico Humboldt, Pico Bonpland and others.
All the layers are ancient marine deposits.
Beyond the Granite Springs Valley are the Trinity Range with Lovelock just beyond.
To the south it is bounded by the Inn valley.
The mountains are located in Churchill County, and contain Crown Peak, at 6,620 feet above sea level.
The Peters Mountain Wilderness, lying on the east slope of Peters Mountain in Virginia and designated in 1984, now has a total of 4,531 acres.
The Byam Martin Mountains are a rugged mountain range extending east to west across Bylot Island, Nunavut, Canada.
These hills cover 160,000 km2 and form the catchment area for complex riverine drainage systems that drain almost 40% of India.
Mammals found in the range include: the long-tailed vole, Great Basin pocket mouse, and the deer mouse.
The west end of the range is within the Anza-Borrego Desert State Park and the east end is within the Carrizo Naval Gunnery Range.
Lying north of the Gran Sabana, it marks the divide between the drainage basins of the Caroní and Cuyuni Rivers.
They also form the northernmost section of the Appalachian chain on the eastern seaboard of North America.
The range is separated from the Toano Range to the north by Morgan Pass.
The highest point in the range is Pueblo Mountain.
In addition, the Swabian dialect in the south transitions to the East Franconian dialect in the north here.
The terms for 'mountain' in some Berber languages are adrar and adras, which are believed to be cognates of the toponym Atlas.
They are completely within property owned by the Tejon Ranch corporation.
The high elevation results in snowfall throughout the winter months.
Mono Lake Volcanic Field and a large part of the Mono Craters gained some protection under Mono Basin National Forest Scenic Area in 1984.
It is located inside Kluane National Park and Reserve in the far west of the Yukon Territory in Canada.
The range reaches an elevation of 8,674 feet above sea level at Dry Mountain in the southern part of the range.
The Alpi Cusiane are a sub-range of the Pennine Alps located in Piemonte.
The Shoshone Range is a mountain range in Lander County, Nevada.
The De Smet Range is a mountain range of the Canadian Rockies located northwest of Highway 16 and Jasper Lake in Jasper National Park, Canada.
The Morvan is a mountainous massif lying just to the west of the Côte d'Or escarpment in Burgundy, France.
The Soda Mountains are located in the eastern Mojave Desert in San Bernardino County, California, USA.
The Little Piute Mountains are a mountain range in San Bernardino County, California.
A 21,000-acre roadless area encompasses the core of the range, which includes Red Mountain, also over 10,000'.
The highest summit in the range is Howson Peak 54 km southwest of Telkwa with an elevation of 2,759 m.
It consists of two main mountain ridges – the Zahmer Kaiser to the north and the Wilder Kaiser to the south.
The Wet Andes runs from a latitude of 35°S to Cape Horn at 56°S.
It is the northernmost and smallest of Germany's Central Uplands ranges.
Its highest peak, Golyam Perelik), is the seventh highest Bulgarian mountain.
The Santa Rosa Range is a mountain range in Humboldt County, Nevada, United States.
The Halfpint Range is a low arcuate mountain range in eastern Nye County and extending into southwest Lincoln County, Nevada.
The northern boundary is made by the rivers Wiar, Łomna, Stupnica, Leszczawka, Lachawka and Tyrawski, the western valley of the river San.
The mountains were formed from red sandstone deposited during the Devonian Era.
Tells Peak is the northernmost named peak in the range.
The most difficult section of the ridge Custura Sărăţii between Șerbota and Şaua Cleopatrei pass.
At its foothills is found the city of Granada and, a little further, Almería and Málaga.
Wildlife includes pronghorn, black bear, golden eagle, elk, and mule deer.
The range has some of the most alpine peaks in Norway, and has 23 peaks over 2,000 metres.
It extends over 465 km², and measures 35 km from North to South and 26 km from East to West
The Los Jinetes are a mountain range in Kings County, California.
This range is located in one of the coldest and most rugged regions of Aragon.
Chinati Peak is encircled by jagged desert peaks and rugged canyons.
It lies in, or near, Sirmilik National Park and is a subrange of the Arctic Cordillera.
The Tule Desert lies to the west.
It is a subrange of the Boundary Ranges which in turn form part of the Coast Mountains of the Pacific Cordillera mountain system.
The inhabitants of the area, however, use the names Khari Khari for the northern part and Anta Q'awa for the southern one.
In colonial times these mountains were often referred to as the "Toungoo Hills", for they rise east of Taungoo.
Sapphire is a gemstone, a variety of the mineral corundum, an aluminium oxide.
are situated to the west of the range, and Žilinská kotlina and the Kysucká vrchovina Mts.
The silhouette of the Phu Phan Mountains appears in the provincial seal of Kalasin since they form the northern boundary of the province.
It extends in a northerly direction approximately between 11º 39’ and 12º 37’S and 75º 30’ and 76º 20’W for about 60 km to 100 km.
Sierra Madrona is a mountain range of the Sierra Morena, Spain.
It is about 30 km long and 11c12 km wide.
A small paleontological survey in Benton County identified numerous fossilized skeletal remains, proving prehistoric mammoths, bisons, early horses, and other animals once populated the hills.
The Ambin group is a sub-range of the Cottian Alps located on the French-Italian border.
The main part of the range is in Beaver, Piute and Sevier counties.
The valley to the east is Snake Valley and to the west is Deep Creek Valley.
The Allaughaun River, a tributary of the River Feale, rises at the east end of the range.
It contains mountains such as Mount Seymour, Mount Bishop and Mount Elsay.
About 58% of the mountain range is managed by the Bureau of Land Management, with the Forest Service in charge of almost 42% of the area.
Located at the northern end of the Borg Massif is the summit of Borg Mountain, a large, flattish, ice-topped mountain with many exposed rock cliffs.
This means Mount Ngungun is a sub volcanic rock also known as a Hypabyssal Rock.
Kitami Mountains is a mountain range of Hokkaidō, Japan.
The Guadalopillo River flows along the northern side of the range.
The Sheeffry Hills or Sheeffry Mountains is a range of hills in County Mayo, Ireland.
The Garfield Hills are a mountain range in Mineral County, Nevada, in the Great Basin.
The Mashike mountains lie between the Teshio Mountains to the north and the Ishikari Plain to the south.
Around the north end, from Callao, Utah to Sand Pass
The Scott Mountains are a mountain range in Siskiyou County, in northwestern California.
The Kreuzeck Group is a mountain range of the Central Eastern Alps.
The range is often referred to as the Tenmile-Mosquito Range.
Marine fossils such as sand dollars and snails can be found, but it is illegal to remove any fossils.
The northern end the Entiat Range merges with the northern end of the Chelan Mountains.
The Hartz Mountains are a mountain range on Baffin Island, Nunavut, Canada.
The Whitehorse Mountains are a mountain range in Siskiyou County, California.
The southern boundary is at Jarvis Creek.
The West Napa Fault extends into the Yountville Hills, as mapped in 2005.
The highest point of the mountains, and the Whipple Mountains Wilderness is Whipple Mountain at 4,131 feet.
The name seems to have originated as a semi-mythical location in the classical Chinese text Shanhai Jing.
Sléibhte Mhám Toirc) are a mountain range in Connemara in the west of Ireland.
The Sierra Nevada is a mountain range in the region of Andalucia, in the province of Granada and, a little further, Málaga and Almería in Spain.
UNESCO has included the "California Coast Ranges Biosphere Reserve" in its Man and the Biosphere Programme of World Network of Biosphere Reserves since 1983.
The Highlands, together with the Jevišovice Highlands threshold, form the South-Moravian part of Moldanubian Zone - east south part of Bohemian Massif.
The Apuan Alps are a mountain range in northern Tuscany, Italy, part of the Apennine Mountains.
The highest mountain in the range is Mount Budawang that has an elevation of 1,129 metres above sea level.
It is part of the Magdalena-Urabá moist forests ecoregion, with a rainforest ecology that includes large monkey and bird populations.
It contains rocks deposited before the Cambrian Period 540 million years ago.
The significant elevation of the volcano makes it a strategic site for telecommunications, many national television and radio stations have their antennas at the summit.
The range is sometimes known as the Verdugo Hills or simply the Verdugos.
The Sudetes  are a mountain range in Central Europe, also known in English as the Sudeten or Sudety mountains.
Mountains within the range allude to British royalty - Hanover and Windsor for the respective dynasties.
The Coyotes form a narrow ESE trending 2 mi wide range with a length of about 12 mi.
Several road and trails are located in the mountains, which provide for a variety of activities including hiking, off road vehicle riding, fishing, and hunting.
The highest peak reaches 2,615 m and is the highest point of the Orinoquía Region.
The Cascade Range or Cascades is a major mountain range of western North America, extending from southern British Columbia through Washington and Oregon to Northern California.
The Mabla Mountains are a mountain range in the northern Obock Region of Djibouti.
The highest point in the range is Las Artigas.
The mountains lie south of Lake Melville and cover an area of approximately 26,495 km².
The Low Beskids separating the East from the Western Carpathians.
The name Mantiqueira derives from a Tupi word meaning "mountains that cry", denoting the large number of springs and streams found there.
The Ankogel Group is located in the Austrian federal states of Salzburg and Carinthia.
The Salmon River Mountains are a major mountain range covering most of the central part of the U.S. state of Idaho.
The range continues to the northwest into Arizona as the Peloncillo Mountains of Cochise County, Arizona.
The Brawley Peaks are a mountain range in Mono County, California.
They extend westward into Mono County, California, where they become the Bodie Hills with the mining district and town of Bodie, California.
The Quitobaquito Hills, however, do not share a connection with the Agua Dulce Mountains.
Castle Dome was named by American soldiers at old Fort Yuma in the 1880s.
Western Carpathians — Czech Republic, Poland, and Slovakia.
The Provence Alps and Prealps are a mountain range in the south-western part of the Alps, located in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur.
Mount Agassiz, 13,899 ft, the northwesternmost peak of the group before Bishop Pass.
The ecosystems found within the massif are characteristic of the Tropical Andes which include páramo and mountain forests.
The refuge also contains tundra and coastal plains.
The Mid Hills are a low mountain range in the Mojave Desert, in San Bernardino County, California.
Various intermittent creeks feed the Humboldt River, which borders the range to the south and east.
They stretch about four miles from Amity towards Dayton Prairie.
Much of the range is contained within the Mountain City Ranger District of the Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest.
Rivers flowing from the range drain into the Caribbean Sea and the Pacific Ocean.
The French Prealps are a group of subalpine mountain ranges of medium elevation located immediately west of the French Alps.
The Cottonwood Mountains range is found in Death Valley National Park in Inyo County, California, U.S.
The eastern end of the Hindu Kush in the north merges with the Karakoram Range.
Including the Tribal Primitive Area, then, about 100,000 acres of the Rattlesnakes are roadless.
6,916 feet, is a small mountain range south of Bannack, Montana in Beaverhead County, Montana.
Nearby towns include Circle, Lindsay, and Glendive.
East across the canyon-valley of the Homathko River is the Homathko Icefield.
It is the southernmost portion of the Serra de Tramuntana range, terminating in the Mediterranean Sea at Bay of Palma.
The Mountain is primarily forested with upland oak, yellow poplar, red oak, and hickory.
Its estimated remaining reserves, as of the end of 2006, were around 107 million barrels, and it had 2,387 active oil-producing wells.
The Western Carpathians are a mountain range and geomorphological province that forms the western part of the Carpathian Mountains.
The Old Dad Mountains are a mountain range in San Bernardino County, California.
In between it goes through the southeastern corner of Yakutat Borough.
Some of its villages are situated on hills that must be at least 1,828 metres high above sea level.
The narrow northern end is at Montgomery Pass, where U.S. Route 6 crosses.
Cabo Girão is a lofty sea cliff located along the southern coast of the island of Madeira, in the Portuguese archipelago of Madeira.
The range is separated from the Sierra de Zongólica to the north by the Santo Domingo River, flowing through the Tecomavaca Canyon.
The Sierra Colorado silver mining district lies in the hills between the Sierra Colorados and the Las Guijas ranges.
The minor peak of Wei-Assipu-tepui lies entirely outside Venezuela, on the border between Brazil and Guyana.
It is a range with many valleys as well as high mountains.
Apart from a dirt road drive to Mount Allyn, access is limited and difficult.
Tuli town and Changtongya are the important towns of this range.
It runs in an east-west direction and stretches approximately 500 km from Hyōgo Prefecture in the east to the coast of Yamaguchi Prefecture.
Many streams, although the weather is quite dry in the summer, run down from the Leghorn Hills.
The region experienced significant emigration in the mid-19th century, particularly to Brazil.
The range is southeast of Douglas, Arizona-Agua Prieta, Sonora.
Its name is derived from the fact that, in medieval times, the border between the duchies of Franconia and Swabia ran through this forested region.
The northern portion is within the Sheldon National Wildlife Refuge.
The Cuprite Hills are a mountain range in Esmeralda County, Nevada.
To the north are Interstate 80 and the community of Wells, while to the south are Secret Pass, the larger Ruby Range, and Ruby Valley.
The Blue Ridge Parkway runs along its length and at Richland Balsam, the Parkway is at its highest point.
Ougarta Range or Mountains of Ougarta are a mountain range in the Saoura area of southwestern Algeria.
The Nightingale Mountains are a north–south trending range located along the western border of Pershing County and extending into the northeastern corner of Washoe County.
The Huanzo mountain range lies in the Andes of Peru.
They are a small range of the Peninsular Ranges System.
These mountains are protected in the Black Hills National Forest as part of its Bearlodge District.
The group lends its name to the Daisetsuzan National Park in which the volcanic group is located.
This type of grassland has not been seen anywhere else in central and southern British Columbia.
The small community of Halloran Springs is about 22 miles south of the Kingston Range.
The southern perimeter of the Rawhide Mountains is the west-flowing Bill Williams River.
They are the northernmost section of the Alps.
The Chikamin Range is a subrange of the Tahtsa Ranges, located between the west end of Eutsuk Lake and Whitesail Lake in northern British Columbia, Canada.
Original flora and fauna was preserved because of the area's remoteness.
For the region of British Columbia known as "The Interior", see British Columbia Interior.
The Bergensbanen railway line, which runs south of Hallingskarvet, has its highest stop at Finse Station.
The former is by far the higher and more spectacular with Mount Vinson constituting the highest point on the continent.
"Central Eastern Alps" is usually used in connection with the Alpine Club classification of the Eastern Alps.
In the steppe zone of the High-Atlas, where precipitations are low, the locals created a smart technique in managing the low precipitations and the weak soil.
The range is considered to be a sub-range of the Jarbidge Mountains.
The range forms the western boundary of Panamint Valley, and the northwestern boundary of Searles Valley.
Mines in the area have produced amalgamated ores of titanium, tin, gold, nickel, rhodium and iron.
Spring Valley State Park and the Eagle Reservoir lie in the Spring Valley along the southwest margin of the range.
The Big Belt Mountains are a section of the Rocky Mountains in the U.S. state of Montana.
The Cordillera del Cóndor is a mountain range in the eastern Andes that is shared by and part of the international border between Ecuador and Peru.
The Daisetsuzan Volcanic Group is a volcanic group of peaks arranged around the 2 kilometres wide Ohachi-Daira caldera in Hokkaidō, Japan.
Frequently Bieszczady refers only to the Western Bieszczady or even only to the part of the range lying within Poland.
The elongated plateau-like region is named after the village of Frickenhofen, a settlement on the narrow northwest tip of the hills in the municipality of Gschwend.
The highest peak is the Old Goat Mountain, located near the southern end of the range.
Major lava flows have formed vast plateaus that overlie Paleozoic sandstone.
The Hochfilzen Military Training Area used by the Austrian Army lies in the west of the Leoganger Steinberge.
The Fernley Hills are a mountain range southeast of Fernley in Lyon County, Nevada.
8,337 feet, is a small mountain range northeast of Seeley Lake, Montana in northeastern Powell County, Montana.
Its southeastern border is defined by the Motagua River valley.
The Coyote Mountains are a small mountain range in San Diego and Imperial Counties in southern California.
The Marble Mountains form part of the drainages of the Salmon and Klamath rivers.
The Greek National Road 5 passes west of the mountain range.
Sierra de San Pedro is a mountain range in the greater Montes de Toledo range, Spain.
The Queen Charlotte Mountains are a mountain range comprising all mountains and small mountain ranges of Haida Gwaii, British Columbia, Canada.
The Witteberge range in the Eastern Free State on the north-west corner of Lesotho is an unrelated mountain.
The Iide Mountains or Iide Mountain district is a mountain range that spans the Fukushima, Niigata and Yamagata prefectures in Japan.
The Rwenzori Mountains reach heights up to 5,109 metres.
From here the range spreads southeast along the edge of the desert, and the hills generally become lower and more widely dispersed.
The Dominguez Hills are a low mountain range in the Transverse Ranges, in southern Los Angeles County, California.
The Hessian Skittles are a group of nine extinct volcanoes in the northwestern and lowest part of the Rhön Mountains in East Hesse, Germany.
To the northwest across Stone Cabin Valley lies the Monitor Range.
Of late it is however known as Tha vhani ya muno, meaning "mountain of salt".
Overlooking Lillooet Lake, it has an area of 50 km2.
The Western Tatras are mountains in the Tatras, part of the Carpathian Mountains, located on the Polish-Slovak borders.
The range receives an annual rainfall of about 1,500 millimetres.
The Hijaz Mountains, or Hejaz Range, is a mountain range located in the Hejaz region of western Saudi Arabia.
It has an area of 107 km2 and is a subrange of the Boundary Ranges which in turn form part of the Coast Mountains.
They lie south of the Japan Median Tectonic Line in Wakayama, Nara, and Mie prefectures.
Tiny unincorporated Dewey and ghost town Burdock lie to the west.
The highest summit of the Glockner Group and also the highest peak in Austria is the Großglockner), which gives the mountain group its name.
Remnants of the mining operations can be found within Brisbane Forest Park.
The southern region is known as the Kabato Mountains.
With its summit at 3,055 metres, the massive Sandeggtind Peak forms the highest point in the Conrad Mountains, a subrange of the Orvin Mountains.
Thus names include Mount Churchill, Mount Roosevelt, Teheran Mountain, Yalta Peak, Dieppe Mountain, Falaise Mountain and Ortona Mountain.
Devils Head, the highest peak in the range, reaches 9,632 ft..
The Prebaetic System is a system of mountain ranges that forms the northeasternmost prolongation of the Baetic System in the southern Iberian Peninsula.
Part of the range is located within the Vandenberg Air Force Base.
To the east of the Opeongo Hills lie the Madawaska River valley, the Mississippi River Valley, and the Ottawa-Bonnechere Graben along the Ottawa River.
Due to low gold prices, however, mining has been suspended since 2001.
It separates Suusamyr Valley and Toluk Saragat Valley.
For the etymology of the name, see Tauern.
The Winter Olympic Games have been hosted in the Swiss, French, Italian, Austrian and German Alps.
The Peloncillo Mountains of Cochise County,, is a mountain range in northeast Cochise County, Arizona.
These mountains have sparse settlements, with just two people living in every square kilometer.
The Snowstorm Mountains are a mountain range in Elko County, Nevada.
The Bullion Mountains are located in the Mojave Desert of California southeast of the city of Barstow.
The Dry Hills are a mountain range in Eureka County, Nevada.
To the east are Hot Creek Valley, Big Sand Springs Valley, and the Lunar Craters Volcanic Field.
The San Marcos Mountains are a mountain range in northwestern San Diego County, Southern California.
To the southeast and south lie the Eugene and Kamma Mountains.
It is the geological border between the Eastern and Western Alps and stretches from the Montafon as far as the Rhine.
Pohorje, also known as the Pohorje Massif or the Pohorje Mountains, is a mostly wooded, medium-high mountain range south of the Drava River in northeastern Slovenia.
The Broken River also rises in the range, flowing west to join the Burdekin River.
They divide the drainage basin of the Tagus from the basin of the Guadiana.
The continental divide passes through the southern end of the range.
It is located between Switzerland and Italy.
The range is situated 46 km southwest of Magnet Bay in Kemp Land.
The tallest peak in the range is the 2,236 m high Djebel Aissa in the Ksour Range.
A six-person capacity cabin on Doney Lake is available for rental from the Deer Lodge Ranger District year-round.
The Rieserferner Group forms the southwesternmost part of the High Tauern, its foothills running towards the southwest as far as Bruneck in the Puster Valley.
The Monti Ausoni or Ausoni Mountains is a mountain range in southern Lazio, in central Italy.
Dovrefjell-Sunndalsfjella National Park, founded 2002, which encompasses the previous and much smaller Dovrefjell National Park.
There are several marked and unmarked trails and cleared camping areas throughout the mountains.
Makrynoros is a forested mountain range dominating the northern part of Aetolia-Acarnania in western Greece.
Both northern and southern slopes are home to pine forests.
The Deccan Plateau lies to the west of the range, between the Eastern Ghats and Western Ghats.
The Cervol River has its sources in this range.
The nearest towns are Siatista to the south, Ptolemaida to the northeast and Kozani to the southeast.
For the mountains with the same name in Nevada see Newberry Mountains.
The Gerecse Mountains are part of the Transdanubian Mountains.
Many of the early explorers were evidently literate men.
The northeast end of the range extends into Eureka County at Shoshone Point on the Humboldt River.
The Totes Gebirge range in the south is no longer counted as part of the Prealps, but the Upper Austrian Limestone High Alps.
It then crosses the Góbbera and Brocon Passes to Pieve Tesino and Strigno into the Sugana Valley.
The plateau covers an area of over 9,389 square kilometres.
The name Harz derives from the Middle High German word Hardt or Hart, Latinized as Hercynia.
The Low Beskids or Lower Beskids, are one of the Beskids mountain ranges in the Outer Eastern Carpathians in southeastern Poland and northeastern Slovakia.
The highpoint of the range is Black Mesa in the southern regions.
The Hummocks and Barunga ranges are host to the Snowtown wind farm.
The range has encompassed multiple land uses including the catchment area for Hydro Tasmania dams, mines, transport routes and historical sites.
It may be considered either a separate range or part of the larger High Tauern chain.
The range is one of the northernmost ranges in the world and of the Arctic Cordillera.
Mount Sir Sandford is the highest mountain in the range, reaching 3,519 metres.
The border crossing for cars is in Lubawka and for tourists is in Okrzeszyn.
The Arrigetch Peaks area was designated as a National Natural Landmark in 1968 for its spectacular geography.
Its emblematic castle is an archetype of medieval castle-building.
