The kingdom flourished between 400 BC and 600 AD.
After more than a century serving various purposes, the original structure was demolished.
Northern Ohio Railway Museum is a railroad museum located near Chippewa Lake, Ohio, United States.
It was established as a museum on 14 December 1979.
The focus of the museum is on local history, but it also covers history and science more broadly.
The Musée Bossuet is the art and history museum of the town of Meaux, France.
NTMoFA was established in 1988, is the first and the only national-grade fine arts museum in Taiwan.
Henan Museum's present building, which opened in 1997, occupies an area of more than 100,000 square feet, with a total floor space of 78,000 square feet.
The museum also hosts a Titanic exhibition, which includes a 28-foot long scale model of the RMS Titanic used in Twentieth-Century-Fox's 1953 film Titanic.
Although the origin of the toponym is uncertain, pyrohiv is genitive plural form of the Ukrainian word for pie.
The collection includes, among others, Prehistoric, Egyptian, Celtic, Iberian, Greek and Roman antiquities and medieval objects.
It was Canada's first telephone company business office, opened in 1877 as a predecessor of the Bell Telephone Company of Canada.
The first exhibition was held in April 1989.
It is the only museum in North America dedicated solely to the history of footwear.
The castle has also been known as Castell Coch, Castell Pool, Castell Pola, Castell Pole, Castell Trallwng, Red Castle, Redde Castle and Castel Cough.
The museum was founded in 1884 and was later opened to the public in October 1898.
It is home to over 30,000 objects, making it one of the largest museums in central Florida.
The museum also features travelling exhibits which tour the province.
It was called the Brotherhood Association then.
The Science Centre and Planetarium sprawl over a 3-acre land with a built-up area of 1500 m2.
The Jardin des Plantes is the main botanical garden in France.
Included were extinct and endangered species collected by 19th-century naturalist William Werner.
The Diamond Museum Amsterdam is a museum located at the Museumplein in Amsterdam, Netherlands.
The Wiregrass Museum of Art is an art museum in Dothan, Alabama.
The Organization for the Construction of the new museum is chaired by Aristotle University of Thessaloniki Professor Emeritus of Archaeology, Dimitrios Pandermalis.
The heritage museum has brought together a collection of 3,000 objects and Cardiff-related artefacts, many donated from Cardiff residents and communities.
The Museum's centerpiece is a collection of works by Carl Rungius and Bob Kuhn.
In 1984, the museum moved from its previous location in Fair Park to the Arts District.
The museum resides in one of the oldest and biggest buildings from the 16th century in this city.
The gallery organises a rolling programme of temporary exhibitions and events.
Other annexes are the old "Public Baths" at Kyrristou 8 and one at Thespidos 8, both also in Plaka.
ft., Art Mûr is one of the largest private contemporary art galleries in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
The museum was opened in October 2014 by the Minister-President of Flanders, Geert Bourgeois.
The Sterckshof silver museum of the province of Antwerp is located in Sterckshof castle in Deurne, Province of Antwerp, Belgium.
The Shanghai Urban Planning Exhibition Center is located on People's Square, Shanghai, China, adjacent to the municipal government building.
The fort was in use until 1754.
An Ontario Historical Plaque was erected by the province to commemorate Whitehern's role in Ontario's heritage.
Hill Aerospace Museum, located in Roy, Utah, is a U.S. Air Force museum that is part of the United States Air Force Heritage Program.
Officially, Komitas Museum-Institute is an art and biographical museum in Yerevan, Armenia, devoted to the renowned Armenian musicologist and composer Komitas.
Asturias' director of Biodiversity and Landscape recently gave support to an initiative for natural spawning of trout at Mazonovo.
It is a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark.
Across the road is the burial ground for the Dawn Settlement and the British-American Institute, a school started by Josiah Henson.
The Sydney Jewish Museum is a museum in Sydney, Australia, which documents the Holocaust and the history of the Jewish people in Australia.
The old bazaar building houses the exhibits.
This museum is the repository of artifacts, photographs and film, documents and related heritage memorabilia from China Lake.
Part of the Seattle Art Museum, the SAAM occupies the 1933 Art Deco building which was originally home to the Seattle Art Museum's main collection.
The external part of the Discovery Centre features extensive gardens.
During the First Boer War it was used as a garrison for the King's Own Royal Regiment.
The museum opened in June 2011, with exhibits exploring life and work in the city.
He describes the locations, dress, ceremonies, ways and daily life of the indigenous.
The Allied bombing of Belgrade in 1944 brought new destruction of the museum buildings and collections.
The wooden magazine was similar to the one built in Lewiston, New York.
The society's quarterly publication, Ypsilanti Gleanings, has been published since 1973.
The Fenimore Art Museum is closely associated with The Farmers' Museum, also in Cooperstown.
The museum houses artefacts discovered during numerous excavations on the island.
Located next to the Amman Sport city, the museum was established in 1977 upon King Hussein's wishes.
The building was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1951.
The museum is housed in a restored 19th century store, originally the Harry Lyons harness shop.
The upper floor of the main building presents an exhibition of wooden boats and boat building.
The Museum of Communication is co-located with the Nuremberg Transport Museum in Nuremberg, Germany.
The Cinquantenaire Museum is located in the Jubelpark(Cinquantenaire park) in Brussels, Belgium.
The National Corvette Museum showcases the Chevrolet Corvette, an American sports car that has been in production since 1953.
Through in-house and traveling outreach programs, it serves over 50,000 Montanans each year throughout Montana.
It is located at 9 Sullivan Avenue in North Easton inside of a historic firehouse.
National institution Museum Kumanovo is a museum in Kumanovo, Macedonia.
The West Midlands Police Museum is located in a wing of Sparkhill police station, Birmingham, England, which was formerly a courtroom.
The Fort Rock Valley Historical Homestead Museum is located in Fort Rock, Oregon, United States.
The New York City Police Museum celebrates the history and contributions of the New York City Police Department, established in 1845.
It operates an annex, the Steven F. Udvar-Hazy Center, at Dulles International Airport, which opened in 2003 and itself encompasses 760,000 square feet.
The Archaeological Museum of Eretria is a museum in Eretria, in the Euboea regional unit of Central Greece.
It holds different cultural events and summer school for students.
It is the oldest contemporary art museum in Istanbul.
It shows the history of the Spanish Navy since the Catholic Monarchs, in the 15th century, up to the present.
The museum is located in a park, it consists of a cultural and a scientific section and a zoo.
The center opened to the public on September 22, 2012.
The IGFA is also an ardent proponent of aquatic habitat conservation, and cooperates with biologists all over the world.
A significant number of highly technological and scientific facilities have been added gradually, such as multimedia displays and video players.
The museum is still owned by Oslo municipality via its etat of culture, and the current museum director is Jarle Strømodden.
Founded in 1797, it is one of France's oldest provincial museums.
The FIDM Museum & Library, Inc. was founded in 1978 to serve the Fashion Institute of Design & Merchandising and the community.
Markham Museum is a 25-acre open-air museum, located in Markham, Ontario, Canada.
Durrell Museum is a museum located in the town of Durrell, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
The museum was built by Pope Pius IX, who in 1865 had to readapt a fifteenth-century building used as a store to create a city museum.
The collection includes winter and summer houses used by the tribes, and dioramas that depict the lives of the people who lived here from 1750-1830.
Exhibits focus on Marguerite Bourgeoys, Montreal's first teacher and founder of the Notre-Dame-de-Bon-Secours Chapel, who lived during the 17th century.
Located in Phoenix, Arizona, the museum is 285,000-square-foot.
It is currently a museum and open to the public.
From June 2, 1966 onwards the mill is in use as municipal museum.
The collection also houses an archive of his papers.
The Holy Jesus Hospital is a working office Newcastle upon Tyne, England, in the care of the National Trust.
The events, programmes and activities at the museum aim to provoke questions, challenge prejudice, and encourage understanding.
In 2006 the convent closed for restoration.
It is located close to the Royal Palace on Henrik Ibsens gate in Oslo, Norway.
In the year running 2007/8 the museum received 88,338 visitors.
There are also more modern guns, firearms, and elements of soldier's uniforms and equipment.
There are more than 4,000 objects and photographs on display here.
The museum is listed on the Yangon City Heritage List.
The Jordan Archaeological Museum is located in the Amman Citadel of Amman, Jordan.
The Richard H. Driehaus Museum is a museum located at 40 East Erie Street on the Near North Side in Chicago, Illinois, near the Magnificent Mile.
It was established in 1990 next to the Molėtai Astronomical Observatory.
It is located in Auning in northern Jutland.
The Gemeentemuseum Den Haag is an art museum in The Hague in the Netherlands.
Frederic Allen Whiting was the Director at SACB until 1912, when Humphery J. Emery took over.
The State Tretyakov Gallery is an art gallery in Moscow, Russia, the foremost depository of Russian fine art in the world.
The AGG is housed in a 31,000 square foot building comprising seven gallery spaces on two floors.
The Oman Children's Museum is a children's science museum, located near Qurum Nature Park off Sultan Qaboos Street in a white-domed building in Muscat, Oman.
The museum was formerly a cemetery, built by the Dutch colonial government in 1795 as a final resting place for noble Dutchmen.
The museum is housed in the 1919 Waterloo Carnegie Library, near the Hindu Temple in the Sea.
The Allihies Copper Mine Museum is a museum dedicated to the history of copper mining in the Allihies area in County Cork.
The historic centre of the museum is the neoclassical Oval Room, which was built behind the house of Pieter Teyler van der Hulst, the so-called Fundatiehuis.
It is located at 11 East 26th Street between Fifth and Madison Avenues, across from Madison Square Park in the NoMad neighborhood.
The Whitney focuses on 20th- and 21st-century American art.
MOHAI is accredited by the American Alliance of Museums and is a Smithsonian affiliate museum.
It is a small building, rectangular in plan, built of local stone rubble with limestone ashlar details and a slate roof.
The museum was created in 1898 and receives about 44,000 visitors annually.
It was funded by the Latin American states and the total cost of construction was approximately US$70 million.
There is no admission fee, but donations are welcome.
The King replied that he liked the blue puttees better and that they should keep them.
Towards the end of 1920, the house was occupied by the Feodosia department of Cheka.
The University of Texas at San Antonio Institute of Texan Cultures is a museum and library located in HemisFair Park in Downtown San Antonio, Texas.
The collections included coins, paper money, and stamps of Aruba and other countries.
The Institute offered classes in arts appreciation which were organized by Edwin Coupland Shaw and his wife Jennifer Bond Shaw.
In 2015, it received funding for an expansion, doubling the size of the gallery, and closed in October 2015 for refurbishment.
The Museum's collections comprise more than 16,000 works, and the facility attracts 120,000 visitors annually.
It is currently displaying archaeological objects borrowed from the Cambodian National Museum in Phnom Penh.
The Planetarium also has an astronomical observatory equipped with a Celestron C-14 Telescope with accessories such as ST6 CCD camera and solar filter.
The Universalmuseum Joanneum is a multidisciplinary museum with buildings in several locations in the province of Styria, Austria.
Formerly known as the Impression 5 Museum, the center is located in a historic wagon works factory on the Grand River.
The Mingana Collection is housed at the Special Collections at the University of Birmingham where it is available for study.
It also hosts several navigation instruments, weapons, portolans and paintings.
The word "University" was dropped from the institutional name in 2008.
The museum is located at the former Southern Railway's 1896-era Spencer Shops and devotes much of its space to the state's railroad history.
In 2012, the museum moved into the Wincanton Library with a smaller collection.
This allows for the efficient movement of museum exhibits for maintenance and placing items in the collection.
photography: both old photographic instruments and old photographes as well as transparencies
Montrose has the distinction of having the first operational military airfield in Great Britain and the Heritage Centre is located on the former airfield.
The Harley-Davidson Museum is a North American museum near downtown, Milwaukee, Wisconsin celebrating the more than 100-year history of Harley-Davidson motorcycles.
In 1974 they donated it to Somerset County Council and between 1976 and 1978 underwent restoration.
It moved to its current facility in 1975 and was renamed AMSE in 1978.
In 2001, a second stage was built onto the existing museum to create a space to display the history of Toowoomba and the Darling Downs.
The Bauhaus Center is an organization dedicated to creating a platform for Bauhaus architecture and design in the city of Tel Aviv, Israel.
The Gallery's exhibition program includes national and international shows and activities.
After the Indonesian Independence the building continued to function as the Bank Indonesia's branch in Surabaya until 1973.
The Central New Brunswick Woodsmen's Museum is a Canadian forestry museum located in Boiestown, New Brunswick.
The Jesús Soto Museum of Modern Art is a modern art museum in Ciudad Bolívar, Venezuela.
The current building, known as the Martha C. West Building, was originally planned to be a temporary storage facility until the actual museum building finished construction.
The Memphis Railroad & Trolley Museum is located at 545 South Main Street on the ground floor of the Central Station in Memphis, Tennessee, USA.
The collection includes photographs, articles of clothing, and war memorabilia from the town's history.
The museum is located in Deir ez-Zor, the capital of Deir ez-Zor Governorate, Syria.
A reconstruction of the mission now operates as a living museum.
Situated in the famous Kunstareal Munich, it can be quickly reached by tram or by foot from the Karlsplatz or Marienplatz.
As of February 2014, the museum's collections, exhibitions, and programs are completely free to all visitors.
Cooper Hewitt, Smithsonian Design Museum is a design museum located in the Upper East Side's Museum Mile in Manhattan, New York City.
It also includes a 40,000 sq ft two-level amphitheater and a plaza.
The Maritime & Yachting Museum is located at 3250 Southwest Kanner Highway, Stuart, Florida.
The museum consists of two galleries―one of Asian art and one of tribal art.
It was founded in 1966, but the collection was started by Count Francis I in late 18th century.
The museum has a page where can be made virtual tours through the factory.
When Anton’s father was away on business, he had to replace him serving as shop assistant and keeping the accounting records.
The Kunstmuseum Liechtenstein is the state museum of modern and contemporary art in Vaduz, Liechtenstein.
Beside these a candid eye for beauty can always spot the various murals on the center's surrounding walls.
The Styrian Armoury, in the Austrian city of Graz, is the world's largest historic armoury and attracts visitors from all over the world.
The Menkemaborg is a borg in the village of Uithuizen in Groningen in the Netherlands.
It is owned by the Coastal Heritage Society, a non-profit organization dedicated to preserving the cultural heritage of coastal Georgia and adjacent regions.
The Rosalie Whyel Museum of Doll Art was an art museum in Bellevue, Washington, USA.
The museum was founded by the Turkish poet and novelist, Sunay Akın, in 2005.
The collection includes fixed and rotary wing aircraft from World War I to the present.
The architect was Jacques Millet and the original curator was Yves Degraine.
Adjacent to the museum, also part of the Valley, are the Franco-Nigerien Cultural Center and the Center of Linguistic and Historical Studies by Oral Tradition.
Over 11,000 objects from the Freer|Sackler collections are fully searchable and available online.
The Bardo National Museum is a museum located in Tunis, Tunisia.
The Zentrum Paul Klee is a museum dedicated to the artist Paul Klee, located in Bern, Switzerland and designed by the Italian architect Renzo Piano.
The Museum was inaugurated in Yerevan during an official ceremony on July 13, 2007 at the Kristapor Mikaelian Center.
The Salisbury Museum is a museum in Salisbury, Wiltshire, England.
Construction broke ground on April 15, 1999, at a cost of US $80 million.
A replica of the wooden oil derricks that once dotted the landscape of Spindletop Hill in the early 1900s has been erected near the museum.
It was established as part of Victoria's sesquicentenary in 1984, along with the Children's Museum and the Museum of Chinese Australian History.
Shilpgram is an ethnographic museum that depicts the lifestyles of the folk and tribal people of the region.
During its short but illustrious occupation, it was the British Empire's most westerly outpost.
The museum builds and displays interactive exhibits that they believe respond to children's diverse educational needs.
It is named for the American writer, William Sydney Porter, better known as O. Henry who lived in the house in 1885.
The collecting of objects and their preservation was the main responsibility of the museum staff.
Bank of Korea Museum, is an economics and numismatics museum in Seoul founded by the Bank of Korea in 2001.
It was established in 1983 and designed by architect Michel Ecochard.
All three are open to the public for tours.
A total cost of S$532 million has gone into National Gallery Singapore’s development.
Events include the Classic & Vintage Ford Day; Vintage Motor Scooter Day and the Meccano, Dinky & Hornby Exhibition Event.
The displays include a collection of naval models which dates back to late 17th century.
The National Museum is the oldest in the country and one of the oldest in the continent, built in 1823.
The Ducati Museum is a transport museum in Bologna, Italy at the Ducati factory.
The museum features exhibits related to the history and culture of the town and surrounding area.
The main attractions are collection of historical artworks and a historical display of weapons used in the wars in the 18-19th century.
The museum is located within Caernarfon Castle in Caernarfon, Gwynedd, North Wales.
It attracts annually over 500,000 visitors, which makes it the fifth most visited museum in the Netherlands.
The memorial features a 10-foot bronze statue of Murphy created by Greenville artist Gordon Thomas.
The Eldon House Interpretation centre is located on 481 Ridout Street, London, Ontario, Canada.
The museum promotes a greater public awareness of the rich cultural legacy of Sylhet.
The museum is a crucial site for understanding the revival of Serbian culture at the time of the First Serbian Uprising against the Ottoman Empire.
And also to question the notion of a museum.
The Hirshhorn is sited halfway between the Washington Monument and the US Capitol, anchoring the southernmost end of the so-called L’Enfant axis.
The gallery moved in 1896 to its current site at St Martin's Place, off Trafalgar Square, and adjoining the National Gallery.
This tri-centenary chapel of pilgrimage is Montreal’s first and oldest chapel of pilgrimage.
The Kalakshetra houses number of structures and buildings abiding with the ethnic Assamese designs.
Of that total, more than 500,000 people participate in the community outreach programs.
It consists of a 19,800 m² building on a site covering 42,500 m², with a display area 9,500 m² in size.
The National Showa Memorial Museum is a national museum in Chiyoda, Tokyo, Japan, managed by the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare.
There are also two older-model railroad cars.
The Connecticut Historical Society is a private, non-profit organization that serves as the official statewide historical society of Connecticut.
In addition to its permanent exhibits, the museum also has rotating monthly exhibits.
The Zunfthaus zur Meisen is the guild house of the Zunft zur Meisen.
There is also a cinema building which is used to show a panorama film of the glaciers in the park.
Major Amiel died on 10 September 1885 at London, England.
TTM operates artifacts on the L&W as well as several model train layouts and many antique automobiles.
Founded in 1709, John Maria Farina opposite the Jülichs Place is the eldest fragrance factory still standing and houses the registered office since 1723.
It is about 1 mile north of the village of Wool and 12 miles west of the major port of Poole.
A hole in the lid suggests that the grave was robbed in antiquity.
Originally home to a dairy, the building which houses the gallery is noted as a good example of the Bauhaus school of architecture.
Following German reunification, although many of the Berlin museum collections were relocated, the collections of the Ethnological Museum remained in Dahlem.
It houses a collection of exhibits about the natural history of Watchet and the surrounding area.
Founded in 1948, the JHM is the only Jewish museum in Serbia.
Principal on-site businesses include: Restaurant, Publishing, Retail Shop, Fire Service, Events, Aircraft Operation Engineering Workshops, Archives and Corporate Business Suite.
The library also includes a reference collection, a rare book collection, manuscript items, and vertical file collections.
Backus and a group of local art enthusiasts.
There are numerous polychrome Kangxi 'Famille verte' and Qianlong 'Famille rose' plates in the collection.
The specialty of this palace is that it is of 7 floor.
The Hall of Fame has since also sponsored educational programming on the Internet to bring the Hall of Fame to schoolchildren who might not visit.
The building is now home to Pawsway and a restaurant.
Cefn Coed Colliery Museum is a former coal mine, now operating as a museum.
Out of the whole collection of around 200, 50 quilts and coverlets are included in the newly refurbished textile room.
Through this, it puts a lot of effort to be a national museum.
It was named for its primary benefactor.
In 2007, the Rotarians helped the museum spruce up its new location.
Various groups assist with the development, success, and maintenance of the Royal BC Museum.
The foundation organizes workshops, conferences, exhibitions, research projects and case studies concerning the current questions of conservation and restoration of media art.
In 1873, the society opened a permanent exhibition on the history of the region in the main tower of the Treptow Gate in Neubrandenburg.
From 2003 to 2008, the Museum hosted Talkback Classroom, a student political forum.
In 2 July 2016 the museum opened after reconstruction for everyone.
Flinders University Art Museum & City Gallery is preserving and developing the Flinders University’s historical and contemporary art collections.
It connects underground to the Arthur M. Sackler Gallery, the National Museum of African Art, and the Freer Gallery of Art.
Mu.ZEE is an abbreviation of "Kunstmuseum aan Zee".
It collects, researches and displays archives, artefacts and information from these areas and provides related historical information on its website.
The National Science and Media Museum, located in Bradford, West Yorkshire, is part of the national Science Museum Group.
Also featured is the 1897 expedition of the balloonist Salomon August Andrée, and the attempts to discover its fate.
CosmoCaixa Barcelona is a science museum located in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.
The Gallery itself moved in 2014 to the former home of the Central Library on Victoria Avenue.
The museum was founded in 1993 and officially opened its doors just fifty years to the day after the sit-in movements in Greensboro NC.
The objectives of the museum are to honor America’s soldiers, preserve army history, and educate the public about the army’s role in American history.
The collection comprises modern and contemporary art and design from the early 20th century up to the 21st century.
It is part of the Milton Historic District, which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Lithgow State Mine Heritage Park & Railway is an Australian mining museum, located in the Central Tablelands city of Lithgow, New South Wales.
Built in 1997, it is the home of the Edmonton Symphony Orchestra.
In October 2007, the museum had its first auction in fifteen years.
Prestongrange Museum is an industrial heritage museum at Prestongrange between Musselburgh and Prestonpans on the B1348 on the East Lothian coast, Scotland.
The National Air and Space Museum of the Smithsonian Institution, also called the NASM, is a museum in Washington, D.C..
It is a Grade II* listed building.
Many of the items relate to the history of Schenectady and General Electric.
Glengowla Mines is a "show mine" dedicated to the lead and silver mining history of Glengowla and the Oughterard area.
The living history museum shows the story of development in Southern California through historical architectural examples.
It specialises in moving image, new media and performance based art.
The National Gallery of Canada, located in the capital city of Ottawa, Ontario, is one of Canada's premier art galleries.
It is also located close to Stonehill College.
ToonSeum: Pittsburgh Museum of Cartoon Art is a museum devoted exclusively to the cartoon arts, located in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
It was restored with the help of grants from the Heritage Lottery Fund, Somerset County Council, South Somerset District Council and Crewkerne Town Council.
The International UFO Museum and Research Center shares theories about the Roswell incident and other extraterrestrial life.
Indira Gandhi Planetarium(Hindi: इंदिरा गाँधी तारामंडल) is located in Patna's Indira Gandhi Science Complex.
Admission into the museum is free with a broad selection of vintage and classic vehicles, including trams, buses, cars, motorcycles, mopeds, bikes, and a fire engine.
This was as a means for raising money for local Catholic youth programs.
Artillery originated for use against ground targets—against infantry, cavalry and other artillery.
The collection was inaugurated officially in 1930, with its current name introduced in 1994.
It is northeast India's largest museum with a "national perspective while remaining focused on Tripura and northeast India".
It was the first museum established in Antioquia department and the second in Colombia.
After the purchase of an old grammar school the museum was opened in 1873.
The Museum of Wimbledon is a museum at 22 Ridgway, Wimbledon, in the London Borough of Merton.
The region is a center for information and guidance on the geopark of paleorrota.
The Mint released them on March 27, 2014, and the gold and silver editions quickly sold out.
It is a reconstructed 1920s village, containing 31 full scale buildings; its costumed staff demonstrate traditional trades.
It is a private corporation accredited by the American Alliance of Museums, encouraging art education in the community.
Inaugurated on December 11, 2004, the museum features the work of Turkish artists.
The next curator was K. N. Sitaram.
Collection of 20th-century art includes works by Joan Miró Pablo Picasso, Salvador Dalí, Juan Gris, Julio González and others.
It is also regarded as the most important museum of Macaronesia.
There are also other open days, which tend to take place during the Spring and Summer Bank Holidays.
The building was originally built in 1996 and opened as the Silver Screen Cafe and was converted to DJ Platters in 1997.
The Flieger Flab Museum is located in the Canton of Zurich in Dübendorf on the grounds of Dübendorf Air Base.
The Central Texas Museum of Automotive History was an automobile museum located in Texas founded by Dick Burdick, a Texas businessman and car collector.
Museum's collection consists of 56 units including
London Transport Museum is a registered charity under English law.
The National Museum of Natural Science is a national museum in North District, Taichung, Taiwan.
The Museum für Luftfahrt und Technik Wernigerode is an aviation museum located in the German town of Wernigerode near Halberstadt.
Originally a small fort within the larger fort, it now serves as the guardian of Fort Hamilton's history.
The museum is divided into two main parts, an outdoor exhibit and a two-storey indoor gallery.
It consists of one of the oldest buildings in Placer County, Traveler's Rest, which was built in 1851 as a hotel.
The museum possesses a comprehensive and trend-setting collection of Belgian design, supported by international top-class objects.
The Museum opened in 1986 in a collection of historic buildings in the heart of Port Adelaide, South Australia’s first heritage precinct.
It features a museum located in the former airport terminal with artifacts, a hangar with aircraft and outdoor exhibits of aircraft on the former airport ramp.
It is located in the capital, Addis Ababa, near the Addis Ababa University's graduate school.
The National Historical and Archaeological Museum Complex Sulayman is a museum in Osh, Kyrgyzstan.
Kennedy was elected in 2016 to succeed Vitter.
The building, with a built up area of 4,000 m2, was constructed in Cubbon Park.
Additionally the museum features professional level lighting by Emmy award winning Bill Diamond.
Mannequins and replica stage sets from the Théâtre de la Mode,
The Art Gallery of Southwestern Manitoba is an art museum in Brandon, Manitoba, Canada.
The Karpeles Manuscript Library Museum is a museum in Jacksonville, Florida, one of ten Karpeles Manuscript Library Museums in the United States.
The museums are open to the public and are used as laboratories by University of Delaware students enrolled in the Curatorial Apprenticeship Program.
The South Wales Miners' Museum is a museum of the coal mining industry and its workforce in the South Wales coalfield.
At the peak around 1943, there were over 110,000 armed forces personnel based in Darwin and nearby areas.
This museum is located inside the Victoria Garden, now called Jijamata Udyaan.
These resources are managed either directly or through a unique system of co-operative agreements with societies and local boards.
Mural Art Museum is the only museum dedicated to mural arts in Kerala.
The Danish Revue Museum is based in a former country house on Allégade in the Frederiksberg district of Copenhagen, Denmark.
The museum is housed in a new purpose-built building on the Mann Island site at the Pier Head.
In 2015, the collection was allegedly removed from the museum by the Syrian Army in view of increased ISIS encroachments in Deir ez Zor.
The museum opened in 1985, and operation of its streetcar line began in 1991.
The Denver Firefighters Museum is a museum in downtown Denver, Colorado, United States.
The museum was built in order to house the artifacts and archaeological findings discovered around Trowulan and its vicinity.
North America's Church Capital - Lamont County claims this title, with nearly 40 churches declared historic sites, despite the small and thinly spread population.
The Bartlett Museum is a nonprofit museum located at 270 Main Street, Amesbury, Massachusetts.
Its focus is the history of the coal industry in Eastern Kentucky, featuring specific exhibits on the company towns of Benham and neighboring Lynch.
Magasin Royal was built near the Old Mill by Philippe Dagneau dit Douville, sieur de la Saussaye in 1720.
Kulturværftet is a cultural centre located in Helsingør, Denmark.
The museum is situated on a bluff overlooking the eastern end of the Columbia River Gorge.
Buckingham Old Gaol is a historic building in Buckingham, the former county town of Buckinghamshire, England.
Since 2005, the Esperanto Museum and Collection of Planned Languages has been located in the baroque Palais Mollard-Clary.
The museum is named for philanthropist Paul Johnson and opened in 2002.
It is located on the grounds of the Kiev Pechersk Lavra and is housed in the former Metropolitan's residence and the adjacent Annunciation
The development of Crewkerne during the 18th and 19th centuries, with particular emphasis on the flax and linen industry is illustrated with a permanent display.
In addition, exhibitions of Turkish artworks selected from the permanent collection of the museum are organized in foreign countries, within the framework of international cultural agreements.
The museum is located at 8 Choorstraat, not far from St. John's Cathedral.
The IMAX theater features a 4980 square foot screen and currently plays both 2-D and 3-D movies.
The Hash, Marihuana & Hemp Museum is a museum located in De Wallen, Amsterdam, Netherlands.
The planetarium uses the Definiti fulldome video system.
It is Montreal's largest museum and is amongst the most prominent in Canada.
The VHS is the only museum with all of Virginia’s history under one roof — all centuries, regions, and topics are covered.
The National Museum of History is located in the Nanhai Academy in Zhongzheng District, Taipei, Taiwan and exhibits Taiwanese historical items.
The Jewish History Museum, formerly known as the Jewish Heritage Center of the Southwest, is a museum housed in a historic synagogue building in Tucson, Arizona.
Established in 1991 they are primarily a Science Center but have a combined focus with history and art as well as nature and biology.
It was established by the Whanki Foundation mainly to exhibit and commemorate the art of Whanki Kim, one of Korea's foremost abstract painters.
The museum contains an important collection of military artifacts pertaining to the Ottoman Navy.
The city was the busiest port between New York City and Albany.
The museum is one of 190 children's museums in the United States and 15 children's museums in Texas.
At the time of opening, Gridchinhall was the largest exhibition hall of contemporary art in Moscow Oblast.
The museum is in Toyohashi Park, near Yoshida Castle in downtown Toyohashi.
It also includes some attractions, restaurants and shows.
One of the oldest buildings is the Hoover House, built in 1824 by a Mennonite family who were originally from Pennsylvania.
Chrudim Regional Museum collects historical materials and artisan works related to the area around city of Chrudim, Czech Republic.
It was built in 1625 and the first three Qing emperors lived there from 1625 to 1644.
The Military Aviation Museum in Virginia Beach, Virginia, is home to one of the world's largest collections of warbirds in flying condition.
Its founder and director is Sophia Kasim.
It has collections in contemporary art, and is part of the National Autonomous University of Mexico.
The Museum serves as a community resource through exhibitions, educational programs, seminars and special events.”
It is dedicated to the Lebanese-American artist, writer and philosopher Kahlil Gibran.
The PPIHC operates as the PPAHEM to organize the annual motorsports event.
The Indonesia Museum, is an anthropology and ethnological museum located in Taman Mini Indonesia Indah, Jakarta, Indonesia.
The track gauge is 5 ft 4 1⁄2 in, which is unique.
It is housed in a former shooting lodge, known as 'The Retreat', which used to belong to the earls of Dalhousie.
It is housed in the 12th century Poor Priests' Hospital next to the River Stour.
Russell Museum Complex is an art museum located in the city of Great Falls, Montana, in the United States.
On 13 July 2004, Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger made it the State's official Military Museum.
Radya Pustaka Museum is a museum in Surakarta, Indonesia.
This important monument to Qatar’s past is now preserved as the heart of the new NMoQ.
The museum is only open on occasional open days, of which there were four in 2013, or by appointment.
Nasution escaped the attempt, but in the event, his daughter Ade Irma Suryani Nasution and the First Lieutenant Pierre Tendean was murdered.
The museum holds collections on history, weaponry, decorative arts and archeology.
They can also play classical music through a mobile jukebox which activates the park's "dancing fountain".
With its connection to the university, the museum is deeply committed to education and to programs that enhance learning for both adults and children.
It was reported that 52,774 people, among them 31,153 foreign tourists, visited the museum in 2006.
The Emfietzoglou Gallery Museum is an art gallery in Athens, Greece.
It later became two different hotels under different owners and at one point was used as a warehouse by a merchant working in St. George's.
It is the oldest building built specifically to be a museum in Canada.
Located on Children's Wharf along the Fort Point Channel, Boston Children's Museum is the second oldest children's museum in the United States.
This museum is a member of the American Alliance of Museums, but is not accredited by the organization.
The Museum of Discovery and Science moved to its current location in downtown Fort Lauderdale in 1992.
The museum and the novel were created in tandem, centred on the stories of two Istanbul families.
The cooking utensils of the region include a tripod pan with three moulds for preparing rice flour cakes known as kiri roti.
It is located on Medvedgradska Street near Tkalčićeva Street within the Gornji Grad - Medveščak administrative district.
It is located within the Mitsui Main Building, an Important Cultural Property as designated by the Japanese government.
The museum hosted the 40th birthday party of Charles, Prince of Wales on 14 November 1988, when he formally opened the museum.
The museum also has numerous rare items in its collection, including two specimens of the likely-to-be extinct imperial woodpecker.
Until 1955, the street in front of the house was named "Kemal Ataturk".
The art center is operated by the Mansfield Fine Arts Guild, which was founded as a non-profit arts organization in 1945.
The Tampa Bay History Center is open daily from 10:00 a.m. until 5:00 p.m.
The Kreegers were pillars of the Washington DC arts and cultural community, and their love of art, music and architecture resound throughout the building today.
Together with Asialink, AEF offers a multitude of programs for educators and principals to travel to the Asia, thereby expanding their knowledge in the region.
After the completion of the new building in 2005 it was officially renamed the Shanxi Museum.
It is 44 metres in length, 2 metres high and measures 15 metres at its widest although it was originally longer.
As well as its main location, Glasgow Science Centre also manages the visitor centre at Whitelee Wind Farm, which opened to the public in 2009.
The Armenian acronym of ACCEA is “NPAK”.
The collection also holds first-edition publications on natural history, such as Audubon’s personal copy of The Birds of America.
The Mitchell Center commissions and produces new works across the visual, performing, and literary arts.
It is located at 252 South Beach Street.
The Dutch Resistance Museum, chosen as the best historical museum of the Netherlands, tells the story of the Dutch people in World War II.
Launched online in 2012, it is Turkey's first-ever and the world's third city museum dedicated to women.
The entire former control tower is now museum space that highlights documents, photographs, uniforms and service equipment, plus a recreation of the original teleprinter room.
It has an extensive collection railroad rolling stock and artifacts.
The American Visionary Art Museum is an art museum located in Baltimore, Maryland's Federal Hill neighborhood at 800 Key Highway.
Apart from its permanent exhibition, the museum also organizes art symposia and exhibitions of visual and applied art.
Located in first floor of the founders' row home, the gallery opened on October 16, 1943 with the exhibition "American Paintings for the Home."
Work on the museum began on March 3, 1986, and the museum was opened to the public on May 9, 1995.
It houses rare exhibits about the Serbian soldiers' tragic fate during the First World War.
It houses many works of local and international significance and has a collection of more than 25,000 objects.
In addition to viewing artifacts from the history of cormorant fishing, visitors can also view the cormorants actually used in the process.
Bexhill Museum is in Bexhill-on-Sea in East Sussex.
The museum admittance is free of charge.
The museum occupies two neighboring mansions: the Hôtel Carnavalet and the former Hôtel Le Peletier de Saint Fargeau.
The Valentine also includes the 1812 neoclassical Wickham House, a National Historical Landmark.
NADA members include galleries, gallery directors, non-profit art spaces, art advisors, curators, writers, museum and other art professionals from around the world.
The Air Station Heritage Centre is run by the Ian McIntosh Memorial Trust and is a registered Scottish charitable organisation.
The building's halls contain an inestimable collection of jewels and jewelry of the Muhammad Ali Dynasty.
It was established on 14 December 1982.
Srimanta Sankaradev Kalakshetra commonly Kalakshetra is a cultural institution in the Panjabari area of Guwahati, Assam, named after the medieval poet-playwright and reformer Srimanta Sankardev.
The museum is operated through a partnership between the City of Cokato and the Cokato Historical Society, a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization.
Opened on 12 November 2007, the Angkor National Museum covers the golden era of the Khmer Empire, making use of audio-visual multimedia technology.
In addition to the galleries, the museum facility includes an auditorium, cafe, and museum shop.
It is located adjacent to the village of Finglesham, near Sandwich in Kent, South East England.
Yōga style paintings by local artists or by modern Japanese artists depicting themes of local interest.
The museum, known as the "Jewel Box", closed on May 11, 2008.
The house has many antique furnishings purchased from estate sales and auctions in Europe.
Excalibur Entertainment proposed to turn the basement into a 40+ lane bowling alley but their business model was incumbent upon securing a ground floor liquor permit.
Signal Hill in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador is another National Historic Site related to Marconi's work in Canada.
It is now a museum run by the Office of Public Works, an agency of the Government of Ireland.
The National Border Patrol Museum is located at 4315 Woodrow Bean Transmountain Drive, in the county of El Paso, in the U.S. state of Texas.
Earlier major renovations were designed by noted architects John C. Parkin, Barton Myers and KPMB Architects, and most recently, Frank Gehry.
The museum's founder, director and curator is Juozas Stepankevičius, a former road engineer and construction manager.
The building is located on a canal called the Prinsengracht, close to the Westerkerk, in central Amsterdam in the Netherlands.
The museum opened in 1809 and was initially housed in a church confiscated from the Récollets before being transferred to the city's town hall.
This museum, a conversion of a sixteenth-century building, opened to the public on 24 March 2011.
Mrs. Murdock’s friend, Elizabeth Stubblefield Navas, selected and purchased works of American art for the Murdock Collection until 1962.
It is recognized by FINA as the official hall for the aquatics sports.
The finger itself was from a later repair, not part of the original work.
Other paintings of note include Titian's Sacred and Profane Love, Raphael's Entombment of Christ and works by Peter Paul Rubens and Federico Barocci.
The above-ground portion is only a small pagoda, and it descends into a larger underground portion.
The Art Gallery of Windsor is a not-for-profit art institute in Windsor, Ontario, Canada.
The building was erected in 1880 and originally served as the Peak Hydropathic Hotel.
Located in Howes Cave in Schoharie County, New York, it promotes Iroquois art for teaching the culture and history of the peoples.
Artists whose work is held by the Swan Hill Regional Art Gallery include Constance Stokes.
The Amsterdam Pipe Museum is a museum in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, dedicated to smoking pipes, tobacco, and related paraphernalia.
In 1989, Morris bought 230 pictures for the museum from Southern art collector Robert P. Coggins, with Keith Claussen appointed museum director the following year.
The gallery is a member of the Public Galleries Association of Victoria.
The Toyo Ito Museum of Architecture, Imabari is a museum of contemporary architecture and design located in Imabari, Ehime Prefecture.
Among other notable people, Julia Child helped fund the venture, which established a restaurant named Julia's Kitchen.
It can show up to 150 works of art and its permanent collection includes more than 3,000 works.
Lake Winnipeg Visitors Centre has a 500-gallon aquarium with species of fish from the lake and history and artifacts of early fishing.
The museum’s current collection includes over 33,000 works of painting, sculpture, photography, architecture, design, and media arts.
The museum displays works by non-Upper Rhenish artists from between the 14th century and 1871 and by Upper Rhenish artist from between 1681 and 1871.
It is a reconstruction operated by the owner of the Juan Pollo chain and is not affiliated with McDonald's Corporation.
About 12,000 items are kept in storage.
In 1991, the facility received its current name.
The Übersee Museum Bremen is a Natural History and Ethnographic museum in Bremen, Germany.
It is open for three hours daily, from nine in the morning till noon, with a fee of two euro per person.
The museum is located on Szucha Avenue, in the building of the prewar Ministry of Religious Beliefs and Public Education.
The museum currently houses the largest collection of marine reptile fossils in Canada.
It is located in the former St. Catharine convent, having been sited there since 1979.
The Prince George Railway & Forestry Museum is in Prince George, British Columbia.
The Chekhov Shop is a museum in Taganrog, Russia.
Fotomuseum Winterthur is a museum of photography in Winterthur, Switzerland.
The Museum is a non-profit artistic project that organizes and produces exhibitions, encourages research and promotes contemporary art exhibitions all over the world.
The museum will feature Manila–Acapulco galleon trade and will also house a full-scale replica of a Galleon within its interior.
Today the museum continues to grow under the directorship of Armine Grigoryan.
The museum houses an excellent collection, as listed below, with an emphasis on Italian machines and seaplanes.
Annual operating and management costs are provided by the Ontario Arts Council, the Canada Council for the Arts, and community fundraising efforts.
The museum displays a variety of historical items including Carib and Arawak artifacts, sugar processing machines and equipment, whaling industry items, and Josephine Bonaparte's marble bath.
The first catalogue describing 606 Syriac manuscripts was published in 1933.
The museum holds collections on history and weaponry.
The Margaret H. McAllen Memorial Archives house the Valley’s largest collection of historical photographs, plus documents and maps, available for research in the expanded quarters.
The Canadian War Museum is Canada's national museum of military history.
The museum is on the lower level of the Balboa Park Casa de Balboa on the Prado in Balboa Park.
The Bytown Museum is a museum in Ottawa located on the lower locks of the Rideau Canal at the Ottawa River, just below Parliament Hill.
It is located at the Museum Square in the borough Amsterdam South, where it is close to the Van Gogh Museum, the Rijksmuseum, and the Concertgebouw.
The center belongs to Secretariat of Culture.
It is the centerpiece of the museum’s collection.
The Hudson River Maritime Museum is home to the Kingston High School Crew Team, the Rondout Rowing Club and the Kingston Sailing Club.
Later in the century it became more focused on the humanities, and eventually merged with the Albany Historical and Art Society.
The Art Gallery of Guelph collection includes a large assortment of Canadian art, an expansive Inuit art collection and many other unique pieces.
", renamed for the last time, back to Rickmer Rickmers, and turned into a floating museum ship.
It is located near the Teatro alla Scala, on Via Manzoni 12.
Printed Matter has been described as the CBGB of independent book sellers.
The museum has a small fleet of flying aircraft and a collection of static display aircraft outdoors.
The arboretum is popularly known as "the Arb" by locals.
It was recognised with awards or prize nominations for its architecture and is a prime example of Deconstructivist architecture.
Samples of local flora and fauna are also displayed, as well as photographs and text from the founding of Puerto Williams.
The attractions include exhibits showcasing animals, astronomy, the science of technology, and additional science topics.
The museum opened on 30 September 2014.
It displayed a huge variety of glass objects, dating from the 17th century to the present day, across nine galleries.
The Netherlands Institute for Sound and Vision is the cultural archive and a museum located in Hilversum.
It is located in the former national army headquarters in Yogyakarta.
The Canadian Warplane Heritage Museum is a Canadian aviation museum located at the John C. Munro Hamilton International Airport in Hamilton, Ontario.
There is also a planetarium, called Priyadarsini Planetarium, attached to the Museum functioning since 1994.
Established in 1936, the Abbe Museum is named after its founder, Henri van Abbe.
Open from Monday to Sunday, from 9:00am to 5:30pm.
Its purpose is to preserve the history of Lancaster County, Virginia.
The Canadian forests would then be used as Great Britain's main wood supply.
Bennett, are the only Prime Ministerial papers not housed at Library and Archives Canada.
The Sterne-Hoya House Museum and Library is located at 211 S. Lanana, in the city and county of Nacogdoches, in the U.S. state of Texas.
Since then, the Museum has also acted as a Chinatown Visitor Centre.
The ground floor introduces the beer's four ingredients, and the brewery's founder, Arthur Guinness.
The Military Museum is located inside the walls of the historic Belgrade Fortress, situated at the confluence of the Sava and Danube rivers.
The forts were built in order to protect travellers on the river from the Iroquois.
It contains exhibits from around the world, from Greenland to South America.
The museum project consists of five museums based at six different locations: Firmian, Juval, Dolomites, Ortles, Ripa and Corones.
The Spirit of Flight Center is associated with Air Assets International and exhibits aircraft and artifacts which have been recovered by Warbird Recovery.
The iDigBio HUB is based at the University of Florida, in partnership with Florida State University.
VISION: A community in which each and every child develops curiosity, confidence and self-worth
The Museo Teatrale alla Scala is a theatrical museum and library attached to the Teatro alla Scala in Milan, Italy.
The mission of the Women's Museum was to inspire, educate, and stimulate their audience through the exploration of the successes, experiences, contributions and potential of women.
It was renovated in September 2006, adopting its current name.
The red brick building was designed by architect Birger Federley and built in 1921.
As of May 2012, the museum is closed temporarily and will move to its location in the newly built Museum Complex in 2016.
The Museum of the Marine is a museum under development in Jacksonville, North Carolina, home of Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune.
The museum operates two facilities, one at 559 Pacific Street and the other at 720 Via Mirada.
The county’s artistic pedigree is reflected in the museum’s exceptional art collection.
The museum preserves the studio of sculptor Antoine Bourdelle, and provides an example of Parisian ateliers from the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
11 years later Governor Gray Davis made it a permanent Museum under the California State Military Department, providing it permanent funding.
By the latter part of the 20th century, the museum was full to capacity.
The arboretum is part of the Silesian Museum in Opava, and includes 7,000 different species from five continents, spread over 23 hectares.
The gallery building and grounds were based on original plans by Meštrović himself, and included living and working areas, as well as exhibition spaces.
In German, Dank, as well as danke, is used in phrases expressing thanks.
The Honda Collection Hall is a transport museum housing a collection of Honda consumer- and racing-oriented artifacts.
The Autry Museum of the American West is a museum in Los Angeles, California, dedicated to exploring an inclusive history of the American West.
Previous exhibitions have included artifacts related to the RMS Titanic, Leonardo da Vinci, Egyptian artifacts, the Vikings, the British Columbia gold rushes and Genghis Khan.
It is run as an educational charity and not-for-profit organisation.
A monument entitled Call of the Uprising, sculpted by Vojin Bakić, adorns the front of the building.
It was opened to the public for the first time on 2 April 2007 as the Lobkowicz Palace Museum.
The Museum of Contemporary Art, Los Angeles is a contemporary art museum with three locations in greater Los Angeles, California.
Lauba is a private-owned contemporary art gallery in the Črnomerec district of Zagreb, Croatia.
The Amsterdam Museum, until 2011 called the Amsterdams Historisch Museum, is a museum about the history of Amsterdam.
The Canada Aviation and Space Museum is Canada's national aviation history museum.
The museum was officially opened on June 6, 1988 by the French President François Mitterrand.
It is currently overseen by the force's Air Training Wing.
Among the items on display is the original Star-Spangled Banner.
The total maximum occupancy is 3,369 individuals.
The museum has been located in the Gustav Horn palace, Gustav Adolfs Torg, Fredsgatan 2, Stockholm since 1982.
It is also home to the Canadian Children's Museum, and an IMAX Theatre with 3D capacity.
The present location of the museum is in the city's cultural complex known as "75th Anniversary Culture Complex".
The exterior of the wooden structure has been largely preserved, due to its cultural heritage values.
Throughout the year the museum offers various tours, schools and hands on experiences climaxing with Annual Manitoba Threshermen's Reunion and Stampede and various other expositions.
Opened in 2001, the gallery is named after its benefactors Martin and Carmel Naughton, who donated £500,000 to the university in 2002.
The catacombs open on to a low ridge facing a now lost Roman harbour, making the small site archaeologically important.
Art in General is a non-profit contemporary art exhibition space in NYC.
The current director is Niels Van Tomme.
A plaque at the Billy Bishop Museum dedicated to William Avery "Billy" Bishop 1894-1956 was erected by the Historic Sites and Monuments Board of Canada.
It is in position 52 of the 100 most visited museums in the world.
The Ulster Museum was closed for nearly three years while it was under renovation.
Almost all space and aircraft on display are originals or the original backup craft.
The museum also has a collection of firearms from 15th century up to World War II.
Since 2000 the building has been renovated and was opened by the town Mayor in 2003.
In the Church of England he is remembered with a Lesser Festival on 30 August.
Some of the most important pieces are the gold Poporos and the zoomorphic vases.
The museum is housed in the atrium area of the Wallace Building at the University of Manitoba.
The area of collection covers the lower Eel River Valley as far south as the Mattole River Valley and west to the Pacific Ocean.
LKCNHM inherited the natural history collections from the Raffles Museum of Biodiversity Research.
The Gallery is visited by approximately 400,000 people annually.
The house was built by the Oregon State Society, Daughters of the American Revolution and opened in 1931 to honor early pioneer mothers.
Rossimoda Museum of the Shoe is located in the town of Stra in the Province of Venice.
The Salar Jung Museum is an art museum located at Darushifa, on the southern bank of the Musi River in the city of Hyderabad, Telangana, India.
Normal admission is £2.50 for adults, £1 for 5-15 year-olds with under 5s entering free.
The site is managed by Hull Museums, a department of Hull City Council on behalf of the people of the city.
It is located in the Hôtel de Saint-Aignan in the Marais district in Paris.
It includes local antiquities as well as artifacts from African and Asian countries that traded with Dubai.
Eternal Telethon is an open collective working to establish an artist retirement home at the Salton Sea by hosting "live" webcast.
Tŷ Siamas is the brain child of Dyfrig Siencyn, Emyr Lloyd, Huw Dylan Owen, Dan Moris, and Ywain Myfyr, and managed by Mabon ap Gwynfor.
Davy Crockett was a guest in the house, and Sam Houston was baptized in the house.
In 2001, the center opened as a 3.3 million, two-story brick and glass structure situated next to the Wingate Town Hall.
The barn and courtyard contain displays of farm machinery from the Victorian or early 20th Century period.
Collections include cellular phones, radios, telephones, computers, and press materials.
The museum was established in 2005, and it is now one of five sites belonging to Reykjavik City Museum.
Jerusalem Artists House is an Israeli art gallery and exhibition space in Jerusalem, Israel that housed the Bezalel Art School, established in 1906.
The center is devoted to the collection, preservation, exhibition, and study of the popular arts throughout Mexico.
Cité de l’Automobile, Musée national de l’automobile, Collection Schlumpf is an automobile museum located in Mulhouse, France, and built around the Schlumpf Collection of classic automobiles.
Prior to this, Dr. Bhau Daji Lad Museum, formerly the Victoria and Albert Museum, was established in 1855, just opposite Byculla railway station, Mumbai.
The San Antonio Museum of Art is an art museum in Downtown San Antonio, Texas, USA.
Admission to the museum is currently $2 per visitor.
After the war, it served as a museum and then a children's playground before falling into decay.
The Almonry Museum and Heritage Centre is a museum in Evesham in Worcestershire, England.
It was looted during and after the 2003 Invasion of Iraq.
In 2010 the museum hosted a career retrospective of the art of Gladys Nilsson, noted member of the "Hairy Who" art group.
This addition, the Kinkead Pavilion, was the creation of Larry Booth and Associates.
The State Department's Bureau of Public Affairs is in charge of the museum’s development, exhibits, artifact collection, education programs, and outreach.
It also contained a collection of art relating to the Marines and a historical Time Tunnel.
The Cartoon Art Museum is a California art museum that specializes in the art of comics and cartoons.
The South Florida Railway Museum is a railroad museum located in the Deerfield Beach Seaboard Air Line Railway Station in Deerfield Beach, Florida.
The October Gallery is an art gallery based in central London.
The museum houses the personal collection of the writer Carlos Monsivais, encompassing paintings, photography, toys, albums, calendars, advertising and books.
Officially Dzitoghtsyan House-Museum of Social Life and National Architecture, is a museum in Gyumri, Armenia.
The Rochester Art Center is a contemporary arts center in Rochester, Minnesota, United States.
The museum does not charge admission, but there is a $6.00 parking fee on campus except Sundays when parking is free.
Its permanent collection contains over two million works, divided among seventeen curatorial departments.
It is located at 241 Dufferin Street in downtown Sherbrooke.
The museum's mission is to make the diversity of the Jewish experience relevant for a twenty-first century audience through exhibitions and educational programs.
The museum closed at the end of 2010.
The Center also has permanent, touring, and online exhibits available to the public.
The Jewish Museum of Australia is the only Jewish community museum in Australia, which aims to "explore and share the Jewish experience in Australia".
The collection of over 15,000 musical instruments and associated objects includes examples from nearly 200 countries and territories, representing every inhabited continent.
It is close to Mayakovskaya metro station
After numerous court challenges, the new Barnes building opened on Benjamin Franklin Parkway on May 19, 2012.
The site contains four geoglyphs, numbered 137, 113, 151, and 51.
Benalla Art Gallery is a public art gallery in the regional Victorian city of Benalla.
The museum was established on 28 April 2005 by a decision of the Government of the Republic of Croatia.
Exhibitions feature design classics and works of famous ceramists.
Birla Planetarium in Chennai and the Birla Planetarium in Hyderabad.
The reason is hunting dogs were regularly heard in this area of the town, hunting polecats and weasels among others.
The collection was founded in 1972 by the Office for Military Airfields and dedicated to the history of Swiss military aviation and air defense.
The military complex has been converted into an Independence Struggle Museum which was opened in 1992.
The museum is managed by the Sarabhai Foundation.
The museum is open to the general public with free admission every afternoon except Mondays.
It is presently located in the museum complex in Dahlem, along with the Museum of Asian Art and the Museum of European Cultures.
The college opened its campus, the Culinary Institute of America at Copia, which houses the CIA's new Food Business School.
Photographs of the artifacts are allowed on application to the Director of the Museum only.
The Multatuli Museum is a 17th-century canal house in the Jordaan neighbourhood of Amsterdam, Netherlands.
The purpose of the Education Center is to inform future generations of the honor and sacrifices made by those who served their country.
The project is managed by Gloria Borona, a project officer at TARA.
It was in this makeshift Council Chamber that the first Huron District Council meeting was held on February 8, 1842.
Anthony Elms is its current Chief Curator.
The museum houses eight galleries that use multimedia to allow visitors to interact with the lives of past residents of the region.
Founded by Richard Edward Norman, the studio produced silent films featuring all-African-American casts from 1920 to 1928.
There are also buildings dedicated to the Tudor and Viking ages, including a Dark Age village and how they farmed the land centuries ago.
The General Directorate of Archives is the national archive of the Republic of Albania, located in Tirana.
Since November 2012 the museum's director has been Philipp Kaiser.
The museum houses a rare collection of antiquities.
It is one of the largest centers for contemporary visual art and performing arts in the United States.
The Royal Marines Museum is located at Eastney Barracks near Portsmouth, England, and is open to the public throughout the year.
In the first, the exhibits focus on the home fronts and innovations of the major combatants—the United States, Japan, Russia, Germany, and Great Britain.
Canmore Museum and Geoscience Centre is the public name used by the Centennial Museum Society of Canmore.
A private rail line built by volunteers connects NYMT with the Rochester & Genesee Valley Railroad Museum, over a distance of two miles.
The museum was declared as Cultural Heritage Monument in 1962.
Founded in 1961 by Holocaust Survivors, LAMOTH is the oldest museum of its kind in the United States.
The museum first opened in December 1981 and was closed from 2011 to 2013 for renovation.
You can also view cartoons and movie clips that are centered on the flood as well as news reports and Victorian Steroptic photographs.
The Walton East Branch Foundry reports creating up to 100 markers per year.
Aloe is also used for decorative purposes and grows successfully indoors as a potted plant.
The catacombs are known formally as l'Ossuaire Municipal or Catacombes officiels and have been called "The World's Largest Grave" due to the number of remains buried.
From 1982 it has been part of The Old House of Charity, built in 1841 which highlights the Byzantine style church built in 1881.
The History Center has a museum store, classrooms, the Witt Research Center, a map gallery, an event hall and the Columbia Cafe.
The collection includes the original Fabulous Hudson Hornet and a Tucker automobile movie prop from the movie Tucker: The Man and His Dream.
The two tombs are over 2,000 years old and were discovered in 1974.
Copia struggled to achieve its anticipated admissions, and had difficulty in repaying its debts.
The Discovery Museums is a non-profit science and children's museum in Acton, Massachusetts, United States.
Skibsklarerergaarden, literally "The Ship Handler's House"), is a historic house museum and listed building situated on Strandgade in Helsingør, Denmark.
Museum Siam is a discovery museum that is located at Sanamchai road in Bangkok, Thailand.
It is open to the public every weekday, with three tours per day conducted by volunteer guides.
The Izmir Archeology Museum is an archeology museum in Izmir, Turkey, containing a number of artifacts from around the Gulf of Izmir.
On March 26, 2012, Jack Lohman was appointed CEO of the Royal BC Museum.
Piedmont Arts is a Museum Partner of the Virginia Museum of Fine Arts in Richmond, Virginia and is accredited by the American Alliance of Museums.
Local materials, specific to Crewkerene were added including Roman coins and brooches and information on and pictures of the mosaics found at nearby Lopen and Dinnington.
Its collection include works on film by Man Ray, Duchamp and Léger.
Studies finding positive evidence are frequently contradicted by other studies.
The National Toy Train Museum, at 300 Paradise Lane, in Strasburg, Pennsylvania, USA, is focused on creating an interactive display of toy trains.
It is a free public space that is imagined and organised by artists, and includes galleries and studios.
The museum is situated in the Clock House on the quayside of the Royal Harbour at Ramsgate.
The costs were almost identical for all three, ranging from 57,600 to 59,762 pounds.
UTSA assumed administrative control of the museum in 1973.
The gardens are named after former Michigan regent Frederick C. Matthaei, Sr. and his wife Mildred, who donated 200 acres of land.
The Museum owns more than 35,000 artifacts and archival materials.
One of the unique features of the mansion is that it contained only one bedroom.
The Center offers exhibitions of local, national and international art, as well as tours, classes, and workshops.
Other exhibits display artifacts from the early 19th century to the present day.
The agency has carried out work to improve public access and cultural use of the venues.
The vision behind the Center is to raise awareness of the Bauhaus heritage and be part of the cultural and artistic development in Tel Aviv.
And I still feel the necessity of the war, & I have seen some sights, but not what one might expect.
Staten Island Museum is Staten Island’s oldest cultural institution, and the only remaining general interest museum in New York City.
In recent years, the Butler has expanded significantly.
It featured a collection of historic and antique vehicles including the first registered car in Connecticut, a 1928 Pierce-Arrow Motor Car Company dump truck.
In 1988, the museum moved to a new site within the Tokyo Dome.
It was established on 11 February 1983.
The museum is housed within the former factory where August Horch established Audi Automobilwerke GmbH in 1910.
The museum has been organized on the initiative of Alla Povelikhina, Nina Suyetina, Vasily Rakitin and Elena Rakitina, and Irina Alikina.
The Central Florida Railroad Museum is located at 101 South Boyd Street, Winter Garden, Florida in a former Tavares and Gulf depot built in 1913.
The museum is open year-round, and the house and gardens are open April through October.
The museum includes a cloakroom, buffet, library and souvenir shop.
The Hollywood Horror Museum is a upcoming 501(c)(3) nonprofit nonprofit, educational museum created in 2015 by Huston Huddleston and the creators of the Hollywood Sci-Fi Museum.
In 1645, Boucher was appointed official interpreter of Indian languages at Trois-Rivières.
Its exhibits are displayed in a showroom established in 1893 by fan-makers Lepault & Deberghe, purchased in 1960 by Hervé Hoguet.
Receipt of the money by the city, however, was delayed by a will contest filed by nieces and nephews of Gibbes.
The grounds are also home to the C. Fred Edwards Conservatory, West Virginia's only plant conservatory.
It was founded in 1973 at the behest of Pope Paul VI, and was initially hosted in environments under the Square Garden.
iMOCA is the only Indianapolis museum dedicated to showcasing emerging contemporary artists.
The museum was founded in 1949 by a professor from Aarhus University as a study collection in classical archaeology.
The Walk of the Stars is a section of the Bandstand Promenade in Bandra, Mumbai honouring Bollywood film stars.
The Pendine Museum of Speed is dedicated to the use of Pendine Sands for land speed record attempts.
Established in 1984, it focuses on the career of the automotive pioneer Karl Benz, and on the history of the automobile manufacturers associated with him.
Kidspace Children's Museum is located next to the Rose Bowl in Pasadena, California, United States, housed in the former Fanny Morrison Horticultural Center.
There are life-size figures of Yılmaz Güney, painter Abidin Dino and author Orhan Kemal.
Turkansaari island was a for Russian traders in the Oulujoki river.
The collection of operating farm machinery is on display throughout the summer.
Anuradhapura Archaeological Museum is one of the archaeological museums of Sri Lanka.
The 18,000-square-foot house took three years and $175,000 to build, and was completed in 1835.
Its main focus is the history of Kern County.
Sperone Westwater is a contemporary art gallery located at 257 Bowery, New York, NY, between Stanton and Houston Streets.
It is situated on Margate seafront, on the same site as the boarding house where J. M. W. Turner stayed when visiting the town.
The museum is one of the largest museums in Estonia and one of the largest art museums in Northern Europe.
A conservation plan for each fortification was created the following year.
Since then it has taken a large role in preserving the history and promoting the heritage of Grey County.
The Hall of Fame was established in 1939 by Stephen Carlton Clark, the owner of a local hotel.
Naturalis Biodiversity Center is a national museum of natural history and a research center on biodiversity in Leiden, Netherlands.
The collection, founded in 1979 by retired engineer Frank Mason, includes pre-1916 motorcycles, photographs and memorabilia.
Today, SAM at 8Q is home to changing contemporary art exhibitions, including a popular annual children's contemporary art exhibition.
Kroc's restaurant was the first McDonald's built in a colder climate, and some adaptations were made to the design, including a basement and a furnace.
The mart is open from 9 am to 5 pm Tuesday through Sunday.
World War II interrupted construction plans, but by 1954 the cornerstone was laid—a stone from the original White House, Washington, D.C.
After being closed for many years while being refurbished, and rarely open for public viewing, the museum was officially reopened in February 2015.
Hellfire Pass is so called because the sight of emaciated prisoners labouring at night by torchlight was said to resemble a scene from Hell.
The other kiln, built in 1858 by Alfred Barham, was originally used for up-draught firing and converted to the more energy efficient down-draught firing.
Visitors can tour the refurbished home, which has been furnished to appear as it did in the 1930s.
He was commissioned to build a new temple for Tochoji Zen Temple in Yotsuya, Tokyo, commemorating its 400-year anniversary.
Crystal Bridges Museum of American Art is a museum of American art in Bentonville, Arkansas.
The widely attended annual Cambridge Science Festival was originated by and continues to be coordinated by the museum.
The Utah Museum of Contemporary Art, formerly known as the Salt Lake Art Center, is Utah’s only contemporary art museum.
Fort Discovery featured over 250 hands-on exhibits that demonstrated various scientific concepts.
The Harris Museum, Art Gallery & Preston Free Public Library is a Grade I listed museum building in Preston.
It is one of the largest museums in the country.
This part of Techmania is mostly used by school teachers to explain physical phenomenon school groups).
It was originally built in 1859 by Captain William Wilson, a local lumber baron, first mayor of Menomonie and the area's first state senator.
Parliament museum is a museum in the Parliament of India Library Building in New Delhi, close to the Sansad Bhavan.
The Zuni tribe began planning the museum in the 1960s and 1970s.
It sits waterside in a port area that was left abandoned for decades, and is now being renovated with new office blocks, apartments and restaurants.
Dynamic Earth is an interactive science museum in Greater Sudbury, Ontario, Canada.
At 125 metres in breadth, with a 70 metres-high belfry tower, the Cloth Hall recalls the importance and wealth of the medieval trade city.
Showcased in the Thalheimer Entrance Foyer of the synagogue on Broad Street is the museum's Leon J. and Julia S. Obermayer Collection of Jewish Ritual Art.
The museum received 33,522 visitors in 2009.
The oriental ceramic collection comprises 1699 pieces of earthenware, stoneware and porcelain dating from about 2000 BC until the early twentieth century.
The Horniman Museum and Gardens is a British museum in Forest Hill, London, England.
After an extensive consultation process with community stakeholders and school children, the new name, Resurgo Place and a new logo was unveiled in March 2013.
The State Hermitage Museum is a museum of art and culture in Saint Petersburg, Russia.
The Carnegie Library and History Center museum is located at 125 S. College Street in the city of Tyler, Smith County, Texas, U.S.
It is nationally registered and accredited through DCMS/Arts Council England and is a registered charity.
It is situated in the 5ème arrondissement, Paris, on the left bank of the river Seine and covers 28 hectares.
It served as the home of emperors and their households as well as the ceremonial and political center of Chinese government for almost 500 years.
The counterpart in Hiroshima is the Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum.
It had to accommodate some 1,460 wounded soldiers at any one time, usually more.
Its name means "Rock Castle" in French.
The Coral Gables Police and Fire Station is a historic site in Coral Gables, Florida.
Two catacombs are open to the public, but these are only a small part of the entire St. Paul's and St. Agatha’s complex.
The Museum is geared towards young children, and is committed to "Igniting Curiosity through Science and Nature".
Nuneaton Museum and Art Gallery is open Tuesdays to Saturdays 10.30am to 4.30pm and Sundays 2pm to 4.30pm.
It was maintained by Department of Archaeology of Sri Lanka.
The museum, a Tudor-style house, was originally built in 1909 to be the home of William Haworth, a manufacturer of textiles.
On the other hand, local, national, ethnic and gender differences are shaping much of that process.
The museum is devoted to history of motoring, motor vehicles and road traffic in Finland.
The museum is part of a complex of three buildings devoted to the film, and is open to the public year-round.
It is a large modern thematic museum.
The focus of the museum is to explore and understand American mothers, fathers, and families.
Muzeum Więzienia "Pawiak" is a museum in Warsaw, Poland, established in 1965.
The Maryland Science Center, located in Baltimore's Inner Harbor, opened to the public in 1976.
The Janzur Museum is a museum located in Janzur, Libya.
The museum is built within one of the world’s largest deposits of rock salt and provides the opportunity to go 650 feet beneath the Earth’s surface.
The museum stands on the edge of the Valkhof park, site of a Roman army camp and a citadel built by Charlemagne.
The Bell Museum of Natural History is located at the University of Minnesota.
In 2011, the museum was featured in the book Crap Days Out, in which the authors stated: "It's awful if you don't like teapots.
The CARRIS Museum is a public museum that presents the history of public transport, situated in the civil parish of Alcântara, municipality of Lisbon.
Chambas Municipal Museum is a museum located in Chambas, Cuba.
It is open daily except Tuesday; an admission fee is charged.
Collections include petrified wood, various fossils, fluorescent minerals, meteorites, zeolites, and a variety of other minerals.
The original conception of the museum was modeled on the German kunsthalle tradition, with no permanent collection, and a series of changing temporary exhibits.
The fortifications had a combined two million visitors in 2008.
Most of the buildings contain historic items used by local homesteaders including furniture, dishes, household products, and tools.
It was established in 1873 and opened in 1874.
Stellenbosch Museum is a cultural history museum in the centre of Stellenbosch, South Africa.
In 1991, the Instituto de Cultura Puertorriqueña turned the house into a museum, which it manages.
It also has works by Pablo Picasso and Wassily Kandinsky.
The Montagu Museum, situated in Montagu, Western Cape, was built in 1907 and was declared a national monument in 1976.
Museu Aeroespacial is a national aviation museum located in the West Side of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil in the Administrative Region of Realengo.
The museum is located at 300 North Los Carneros Road, Goleta, California 93117.
The project’s start date was 15 August 2008 and cost approximately $120,000 USD at its conclusion.
The Leahy Center for Lake Champlain is Vermont’s first LEED certified Green Building.
The museum houses more than 120 works from drawings to three-dimensional works by Yoshitomo Nara, a young artist from Aomori Prefecture.
An extra benefit is that the gardens are located in a migratory bird flyway.
The Galleria Nazionale dell'Umbria is the Italian national paintings collection of Umbria, housed in the Palazzo dei Priori, Perugia, in central Italy.
The museum offers programming for patrons of all ages, from child to senior citizen, as well as free admission to the public for all exhibitions.
It is the oldest house museum in South Africa.
Eventually, this led to the Beecroft Art Gallery on Station Road.
The Museum is also home to the collections of the Duke of Lancaster's Own Yeomanry and the 14th/20th Kings Hussars.
The Museum possesses Ukraine's largest collection of works by Maria Prymachenko, which includes more than 500 paintings.
The Museum Kunstpalast is an art museum in Düsseldorf, Germany.
It houses a collection of almost 2,000 objects, ranging in date from c.5000 BCE to the present day.
At the core of this set of spaces is the symphonic concert hall of 2,400 seats designed by Jean Nouvel and opened in January 2015.
The museums "have diverse collections covering the fields of fauna and flora, palaeontology, military history, cultural history, geology, anthropology and archaeology."
Museo Histórico y Antropológico Maurice van de Maele or is an anthropology and history museum in Valdivia run by Universidad Austral de Chile.
The German Ivory Museum Erbach is a museum in Erbach im Odenwald, Germany.
In November 2011, new galleries focusing on Egypt and Nubia were unveiled.
During the Great Patriotic War the catacombs in the village hosted one of the largest guerrilla units in the region.
There are also galleries for guest exhibitions.
City of Caves is accessed from the upper level of the Broadmarsh Shopping Centre.
The collection was established in May 1998, and until 2008 was housed in Old Parliament House and in a nearby gallery on Commonwealth Place.
The institution disperses this information in various ways, including Architectuurgids, crash courses, and guided tours.
The Ellis Bird Farm consists of a grain elevator built in 1937 and is the oldest standing "seed elevator" in Alberta.
The Anton Art Center, formerly known as the Carnegie Library, is a Neo-Classical building and Art Center located in Mount Clemens, Michigan, United States.
The Modern Art Museum of Fort Worth is a museum of post-World War II art in Fort Worth, TX.
Outside this facility will be a park with a memorial garden and parade ground.
It became the home for the following four generations of the Billings family.
It is located within two grade II* listed houses built in 1721 in the Greenwich World Heritage Site in southeast London, England.
Additionally, it contains an archive of documents and Historical photographs.
Garland's model was the New York Players Club.
It is located in the suburb of Spotswood.
The Sherwin Miller Museum of Jewish Art in Tulsa, Oklahoma, was founded in 1966 as the Gershon & Rebecca Fenster Museum of Jewish Art.
It is the first of its kind in Turkey.
The Walker celebrated its 75th anniversary as a public art center in 2015.
The gallery was designed in the Baroque style with Art Nouveau elements by architects Cackett and Burns Dick and is now a Grade II listed building.
In recognition of their gift, the University named the changing exhibition space the Mary and Leigh Block Gallery.
The Museum also runs and operates the Interpretation Centre located behind the Duff Baby House.
The museum is housed in the magnificent nineteenth century building named after its former owner Eugène Pastré.
The Royal Regiment of Canadian Artillery is the artillery personnel branch of the Canadian Army.
Trams have been in operation on a line through the park since 1965.
Lakeview Museum was located in the north central suburban Lakeview Park in Peoria.
Development of the Colorado River Aqueduct and natural-science exhibits are displayed as well.
The museum is open to visitors from June to September.
The museum was estimated to cost approximately $3.7 million to create and opened to the public in 2017.
Invited sculptors create their works in-situ using granite from the site.
In all, approximately 500 various planned languages are documented, of which the most important are Esperanto and Interlingua.
The museum is located at 6 Sergeja Eizenšteina Street in the Mežciems neighbourhood of Riga.
Admission is included with entry to the castle.
FAM was founded in 1925 through a bequest of artist, collector, and educator Eleanor Norcross.
The Frans Hals Museum is a hofje that is home to the municipal museum in Haarlem, Netherlands, that was established in 1862.
It is currently situated in Oryu-dong, Guro-gu, Seoul, South Korea, adjacent to Pyungkang Cheil Presbyterian Church, one of the largest Presbyterian churches in South Korea.
The previous burial wings were replaced with a theater and several exhibition halls.
The collection grew during the century, due to the city's Academy of Fine Arts which practised romanticism and neoclassicism.
In addition to the exhibits, the museum has an aviation reference library and an aviation art gallery.
In addition to galleries, the National Infantry Museum and Soldier Center also consists of:
H. J. Lutcher Stark began work on Shangri La in 1942.
The EUROPEUM - European Culture Centre is a division of the Kraków National Museum housing a permanent exhibition of European art.
The Museum of Antiquities is an archaeological museum at the University of Saskatchewan.
The museum is housed in a former Dutch prison, built in 1676, which is the only surviving Dutch period building within the Colombo Port area.
It was her wish that after her death it be converted into a museum.
It was formally established by the National Museum of Australia Act 1980.
The museum was located at the Keizersgracht in Amsterdam-Centrum in the building that currently houses the Foam Fotografiemuseum Amsterdam.
The site was launched in 1997 and expanded in 2011.
In 1955, Armand Hammer donated to the museum a collection of 48 works by Dutch, Flemish, German, and Italian masters of the fifteenth through seventeenth centuries.
It is open from 10 am - 5 pm Monday-Saturday, and 1 pm - 5 pm on Sundays.
The writing slate Nightingale used as a child.
The garden can be traced back to 1875 when the De Monléon family constructed the property.
The Newark Museum, in Newark, Essex County, New Jersey, United States, is the state's largest museum.
4th and Pine and converted into a museum by the Canby Historical Society in the early 1980s.
It houses parts of some of the main archaeological sites of Europe, such as the Bolomor cave, the Parpalló cave and the Maravillas cave.
The museum, which opened in 1894, consists of over 130,000 square feet of space, including sculpture gardens.
Some of the archeological collections from the Correr Museum are also housed here.
The Herreshoff Manufacturing Company was most notable for producing sailing yachts, including eight America's Cup defenders, and steam-powered vessels.
The original building was designed by Bebb and Gould.
The Black Country Living Museum is an open-air museum of rebuilt historic buildings in Dudley in the West Midlands of England.
The museum building, a landmark of early 20th century Mongolian architecture, is located in Ulan-Bator, in the Düüreg of Bayanzürkh.
It rents the space from the County of Dallas.
The exterior is clad in grey quartzite at ground level, and aluminium composite on the upper two floors.
The exhibition centre shows 3 - 4 exhibitions per year, in cooperation with other museums and collections.
The museum, unlike major museums in nearby Miami, Florida and Palm Beach, Florida, emphasizes contemporary projects.
As a result of this, the gallery runs an off-site "Education and Interpretation" scheme that educates audiences, promotes artists and their art.
It is a community visual arts museum dedicated to the collecting, preservation, study, display and educational use of the fine arts.
In fact, there is an inscription on the façade dating from 1695, which is the year the house was reconstructed.
The museum's 25 exhibits have specific emphasis on the attractions that once existed at Playland at the Beach and the Sutro Baths & Museum.
The Experiences present a variety of media, including sculpture, painting, works on paper, performances, and photography.
It displays various tanks, armoured vehicles and anti-tank guns used by the Finnish Defence Forces throughout their history, including their latest Leopard 2A4 tank.
It houses an extensive collection of paintings by Tom Thomson, the Group of Seven and their contemporaries, and First Nations and Inuit artists.
The museum is located in the Kazoobie Kazoos Factory and features a collection of kazoos, kazoo recordings and kazoo memorabilia.
Admiralty House is located in Mount Pearl, Newfoundland.
The National Museum of American Jewish History is a Smithsonian-affiliated museum at 101 South Independence Mall East at Market Street in Center City Philadelphia.
The Texas Fashion Collection is a non-profit organization dedicated to the preservation and documentation of historically significant fashion.
It is situated in the historic Old Quebec area near the Saint Lawrence River.
The next curator was Roy Guthrie, who founded the Chapungu Sculpture Park in 1970.
The current owners of the Mazonovo mill date back to the early 19th century.
The museum conducts research in a number of areas with focus on entomology, freshwater ecology, earth biology, fauna and bioacoustics.
The Law Society of Upper Canada Archives collects and preserves records and other material that documents the history of the legal profession in Ontario.
The Griffintown Horse Palace is a stable in the Griffintown district in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, which dates back to around 1860.
The museum has two floors and inside it is possible to see original excavation pits.
The 10,000-square-foot museum near Autzen Stadium features changing interactive exhibits, planetarium shows, camp programs, special events and other science and technology-related education programs.
The museum and grounds are all property of the U.S. federal government.
Princess Victoria visited the castle as a child when her mother took her to tour England and Wales in 1832.
It is a community-based institution and educational resource that is dedicated to advancing public interest, knowledge, and understanding of science, industry, and technology.
The Pacific Coast League Hall of Fame is an American baseball hall of fame which honors players, managers, and executives of the Pacific Coast League.
YFS is composed of individuals in their twenties, thirties and forties.
The museum is slowly restoring the signs and placing them around the Fremont Street Experience.
The Ashdod Museum of Art is also known for having an underground vault for protecting art in case of rocket attacks.
The Paul and Lulu Hilliard University Art Museum is a museum located in Lafayette, Louisiana.
The Heineken Experience, located in Amsterdam, is a historic brewery and corporate visitor center for the internationally distributed Dutch pilsner, Heineken beer.
Nationalmuseum is the national gallery of Sweden, located on the peninsula Blasieholmen in central Stockholm.
The museum complex, situated in the heart of the tourist centre of Ghent, comprises an imposing 18th century mansion and a modern wing.
Byron Area Historic Museum is a museum in Byron Center, Michigan, United States.
The Golden Dragon Museum is situated in the city of Bendigo, Victoria, Australia.
Selections from the collection are displayed in a historic house at 351 Homer Ave, Palo Alto, California.
The museum is open to the public Tuesday to Saturday from 11.00–18.00 and on Sundays from 11:00–14:00 h.
Collections are strong in 19th century quilts, with a geographic focus on New England.
The collection, located in Manhattan, New York City, originated with Lebanese writer, humanist, and philosopher Salim Moussa Achi, whose pen name was Dr. Dahesh.
The Canadian Ski Museum’s unparalleled collection of artifacts and archival holdings are a priceless part of Canadian cultural heritage.
Since Birmingham Museum and Art Gallery and Stoke-on-Trent Museums have purchased the Hoard, items have been on permanent display at both venues.
It is owned by Watford Borough Council and is located on the Lower High Street in Watford.
It exhibits the work of contemporary artists, as well as organising retrospective exhibitions and shows that are of interest to the local community.
In 2013, they were visited by 6 million people, which combined makes it the 6th most visited art museum in the world.
The museum's building, collaboratively designed by Freelon Group, Adjaye Associates and Davis Brody Bond, is on the National Mall in Washington, D.C.
RiverBrink Art Museum is located on the Niagara Parkway in the historic village of Queenston, Niagara-on-the-Lake.
These historic and one-of-a-kind aircraft are displayed both inside the Museum's 300,000 square feet of exhibit space and outside on the Museum's 37-acre grounds.
Audio tours are free with entry and accessed via your own set of stethoscopes.
It contains contemporary craft-based art of many different genres and origins.
Museum director Ole Jensen currently acts as association treasurer.
The Keats–Shelley Memorial House is a writer's house museum in Rome, Italy, commemorating the Romantic poets John Keats and Percy Bysshe Shelley.
A permanent exhibit honoring the life of Wilburn K. Ross displays the Medal of Honor winner's uniform and photographs.
The museum consists of two sections; the Kallergeio museum which was inaugurated in 1957 and the new section in 1961.
SACB began with the agreement to "develop and encourage higher artistic standards in the handcrafts."
There is also a large collection of books on Russian dance.
It is currently located in an office in the Mercer Island City Hall, which also houses the society's archives.
In the 1920s the building underwent dramatic changes, becoming the Sycamore Community Center, complete with basketball courts, a swimming pool, and hip hangout, Teen Town.
It is administered by the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission with the active support of the "Friends of the Railroad Museum."
After shutting down operations in 1991, it later reopened, and presently houses a number of important historical artefacts.
The area is now home to the Lowry cultural centre and the MediaCityUK development, which stand opposite the museum at Salford Quays.
The museum is close the Hallstattersee, below the salt mines on the mountainside.
It has galleries and collections in many subject areas including archaeology, geology, paleontology, mineralogy, botany, zoology, history, art and folk culture.
The cemetery was on a false crest on the hill, having wide views of the surrounding landscape, and was roughly 1 hectare in size.
The building was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
The Museum of Contemporary Art of Rome, Italian: Museo d'Arte Contemporanea di Roma, usually known as MACRO, is a municipal contemporary art museum in Rome, Italy.
It is located near the Planten un Blomen park in the center of Hamburg.
A fourth museum, the Labour Museum, joined in 2013.
The Goulandris Museum of Natural History is a museum in Kifisia, a northeastern suburb of Athens, Greece.
Today, the Fortaleza San Felipe serves as a museum showcasing the important role it has played in the history of Puerto Plata, and the Dominican Republic.
The museum exhibits some valuable pieces of sculptures found in vihara premises.
The Bukovina Society Headquarters and Museum is a museum of artifacts from Bukovina German immigrants.
The Museum is run by the Apple Capital Museum Society and is open seasonally.
The Carnival Museum is located on 25 de Mayo Street in the "Ciudad Vieja" in Montevideo, Uruguay
The Israel National Museum of Science, Technology, and Space is a science and technology museum in the city of Haifa, Israel.
The current headquarters of the museum, located at Rua do Acamapamento Street, 81.
The museum tells the history of the County infantry Regiment.
The museum does not charge for admission to most exhibits; the exceptions are the Butterfly Rainforest and certain traveling exhibits.
It is located in the downtown of Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada with a branch gallery in Yarmouth, Nova Scotia.
North America Railway Hall of Fame is a not-for-profit organization housed in the recently restored Canada Southern Railway Station in St. Thomas, Ontario, Canada.
The museum is located in three sites:
The museum was established and is operated by Dong-A Ilbo, one of the four major newspaper companies of South Korea.
In 1976, the mansion of the Tekirdağ Peovince Governor was assigned to the Ministry of Culture and Tourism for use as a museum.
This allowed the creation of a new 700 m² basement room for temporary exhibitions, as well as departments for the relief models and for 19th-century sculpture.
It is part of the Winter Garden Downtown Historic District, which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The gallery is expected to re-open in March 2017.
It organizes the Annual Rural Life Festival.
The museum pays tribute to the most legendary and influential Iowa Hawkeye sports heroes.
Construction was completed in 2009 and the museum opened April 6, 2010.
The museum plays an inspirational place for display of culture of both Finland and Sweden.
The elevator is known to be Alberta's second-oldest grain elevator in the Province.
The marble multiplex was designed by Jong-Sung Kim and consists of 4 annexes that include exhibition halls, lecture halls, a restaurant, café and artshop.
It was founded in 1857, and has since been a centre for collection and preservation of the state's art and cultural material.
The Poeh Museum is a museum in Pojoaque, New Mexico, U.S.A.
Since July 1992, the director of the museum has been Mikhail Piotrovsky.
It was designed by Atelier LWD, an architecture studio led by Guy Lagneau, Michel Weill and Jean Dimitrijevic.
CUBE was supported through the University of Salford's School of the Built Environment but closed in October 2013 as funding was withdrawn.
The museum has practical application in portraying and understanding the past and present traditions of the people of Nepal.
The Historic Rossetter House Museum is located at 1320 Highland Avenue, Melbourne, Florida in the historic section of Eau Gallie.
The largest of the gallery sites is the Veletržní Palác, which houses the National Gallery's collection of modern art.
Art appreciation workshops, training, and conferences are organized in coordination with the current exhibits.
The museum is housed inside the old passenger terminal.
The National Museum of Damascus is a large museum in the heart of Damascus, Syria.
The entire Shea family was inducted in 2002.
Thinktank, Birmingham Science Museum is a science museum in Birmingham, England.
The museum are also custodians of Russell Adams photographic archive.
Sometime thereafter during an interview with the Lincoln Journal Star, a co-developer of the redevelopment district, Speedway Properties, expressed an interest to work with the museum.
Until September 2015, the museum was located in the Yerba Buena Gardens cultural district of San Francisco, in the South of Market neighborhood.
The Pacific Design Center facility is in West Hollywood.
It was designated a National Historic Site in 1923.
Bomarsund, the ruined Russian fortress is also illustrated in a painting.
2) Woman's achievements significantly improved the lives of women in Maine
Human beings live in a rapidly-changing, highly connected world that asks each person to be more curious, informed and engaged.
It was opened in 1960 and is operated by the Toronto and Region Conservation Authority.
Llantarnam Grange Arts Centre is located within a 19th-century Victorian manor house in Cwmbrân and is the regional centre for the applied arts in south-east Wales.
The museum shows this within a Mediterranean and a global context.
Museum remains open on all days form 9:00 am to 5:00 pm.
The museum was renamed in the 1990s or early 2000s after Shivaji, the founder of Maratha Empire.
When it was active the institution was largely run by volunteers and had the goal of educating visitors on the Canadian aerospace industry and technology.
In 2011, the Province of Groningen gave 100,000 euro of subsidy for the restoration of the station building and the exploitation of the museum.
Located on the banks of the Mississippi River, the Museum is located in a unique, turn-of-the-century-style building and landscaped with over 60,000 native plants.
The Reproductions Museum Bilbao, was created in 1927,the purpose of the museum is to compile classic pieces of art for the enjoyment of the local people.
However, the Museum also focuses on new technology, notably cataloging its collections and conducting online activity through its Wiki.
The gallery opened in 1988 and is housed in a converted warehouse within the Albert Dock on Liverpool's waterfront.
The archive was established in 1938 under the name Royal Belgian Film Archive by Henri Storck, André Thirifays, and Piet Vermeylen.
The Prehistory Museum of Tripoli is a museum located in Tripoli, Libya.
It is situated in the Cologne quarter of Altstadt-Süd on the Rheinauhafen peninsula.
This museum has the largest collection of Uruguayan artists artwork.
These different functions provide a very wide range of experience for the student staff.
The fort was established at the mouth of the Richelieu River, near the modern city of Sorel-Tracy, in 1641.
The seats were reupholstered, and carpet has been replaced.
The International Civil Rights Center & Museum is located in Greensboro, North Carolina, United States.
a one-of-a-kind 1929 Duesenberg Phaeton Royale Model J
Vazgen Sargsyan House-Museum is a house-museum located in the Ararat village of Ararat Province, Armenia.
The Museum regularly hosts conferences for organisations outside the motor industry.
The Barracks is included on the Commonwealth Heritage List.
It is located on the Plains of Abraham, in The Battlefields Park.
The National Museum of Saudi Arabia is a major national museum in Saudi Arabia.
The MOV is the largest civic museum in Canada and the oldest museum in Vancouver.
The museum is housed in a former clothing factory, very close to the Volkswagen Werke, where new Volkswagens are made.
The Sciencenter is accredited by the American Alliance of Museums, and is a member of the Association of Science-Technology Centers and Association of Children's Museums.
The main goal of the Museum of Olympic Glory is the organization of exhibitions of exhibits demonstrating achievements of Uzbek athletes at the Olympic Games.
Its more than four million objects makes it one of the largest museums in the Southeast.
It is one of the city’s major museums, created in 1947, and is run by the University of Chile Faculty of Arts.
The second floor has historical artifacts and religious items such as caskets, statues jewelries, etc.
Its focus involves the medical, surgical and nursing practices during the American Civil War.
Fort St. Joseph is a former British outpost on the southernmost point of St. Joseph Island in Ontario, Canada, on Lake Huron.
Run by the Society of Saanich Peninsula Museums, the museum promotes awareness of local heritage through exhibits, programs, and collections.
Half are in greenhouses, the other half, including cultivated and indigenous plants, are outdoors.
The Rocky Mountain Rangers are part of the 3rd Canadian Division's 39 Canadian Brigade Group.
The museum is a member of the London Museums of Health & Medicine.
The museum features flying demonstrations, auto demonstrations, and restoration demonstrations, though events vary month to month.
Darbhanga Planetarium is upcoming planetariums-cum-science center in Darbhanga, a northern city of Bihar.
It is a block of four terrace houses that was built in 1844 and had domestic occupants until 1990.
The museum opened in 1981 and is housed in a Grade II-listed Georgian town house which was previously the premises of Benskins Brewery.
The Cotton Mill Museum and Factory of San Jose de Suaita is a museum locates in San José de Suaita, Colombia.
From 1928 to the end 1930s, it served as a meeting place of an association dedicated to Turkish language and literature.
It is a Grade II listed Edwardian building.
The Archaeological Museum of Argos is a museum in Argos, in Argolis on the Peloponnese peninsula, Greece.
In addition, the Museum’s collection at the Center includes outdoor sculpture displayed on terraces and in gardens and the large Central Garden designed by Robert Irwin.
The Fleet Science Center is a science museum and planetarium in Balboa Park, located in San Diego, California.
The site also provides storage space for the museum's other collections of material such as film, photographs, documents, books and artefacts.
It contains galleries, a theatre, two cinemas, a bookshop and a bar.
By the early 20th century it was derelict and in 1926 it was mostly demolished.
It has a Chapel with daily services.
The Carlos Museum also runs Odyssey Online, a Web site for school-age children that explores the various cultures reflected in the museum's collections.
Bourdelle Museum is one of the 14 City of Paris' Museums that have been incorporated since January 1st 2013 in the public institution Paris Musées.
The Maine Discovery Museum, located in Bangor, Maine, is Maine's largest children's museum and the largest located north of Boston, Massachusetts.
The 143-foot-long muskie sculpture is the world's largest muskie.
The Mütter Museum is a medical museum located in the Center City area of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Since 2003 The Works has sponsored an annual "Tech Fest".
It also maintains and operates a walking trail, the Five Locks Walk, which provides access to locks 16-20 of the former canal.
It is a model layout designed on a scale of 1:87 and covers an area of 800 m2.
The museum is currently located at the Ministry of National Defense, in Yarze.
The Benalmádena Museum is located on Luis Peralta Avenue, in the Benalmádena old town area, in the province of Málaga, Spain.
Eusebio Sempere Collection consists of various works by Eusebio Sempere from gouaches on paper to sculptures.
The museum building was designed by Japanese architect Kiyonori Kikutake.
The center has a collection of elephants, the symbol of Helms' Republican Party, but Helms also had an interest in the animals since childhood.
The Northeast Texas Rural Heritage Center and Museum is a museum in Pittsburg, Texas.
It includes documents and photographs of local and regional historical interest, including artifacts that date from Pittsburg's foundation in 1854.
The centre was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 2007.
Over a period of eight months a selective group of five to six people are trained to become a curator.
The museum was established in 1973, shortly after the Summer Olympics opened.
Today, the donations are exhibited in the Museum, whose entrance is located on the right side of the Cathedral of Naples, under the arcades.
It was converted into a museum in 1979.
The Yorkshire Museum is a museum in York, England.
It is open to public every day between 9–18 local time.
The gallery exhibits work of Canadian and international Ukrainian artists.
Exhibits of Manitoba's sports teams and honoured athletes are displayed in the museum.
It was founded by a group of volunteers in the 1980s led by Prof J C De Villiers.
The gallery has hosted more than 100 exhibitions and had over 125,000 visitors.
The museum features more than eighty simple science experiments, focusing mainly on physics, for children, as well as for adults.
It is housed in the Aslan Pasha Mosque, also known as the Mosque of Ali Pasha, in the Ioannina Castle since 1933.
In 1853 the collections were moved to Vaughan's Mansion on College Hill, which became known as the Shropshire and North Wales Museum.
The museum also hosts the annual Olympic Air Show, featuring a world-class selection of heritage and current military aircraft demonstrations.
The Collection has two exhibition spaces: the Walther Collection in Neu-Ulm/Burlafingen, in Germany, and the Walther Collection Project Space in 'New York City.
It was also used as the location for the pistol duel in Stanley Kubrick's "Barry Lyndon", released in 1975.
The museum is an activist institution supporting civil society issues as well as artists who engage in social, political, aesthetic, economic, and/or spiritual content and expressions.
The Gallery organized the raucous "Pop Festival" the same year, which was the first occasion on which Rauschenberg performed his now famous "Pelican."
It is a branch of the Museum of Sarajevo.
The Children’s Museum of Manhattan was founded by Bette Korman, under the name GAME, in 1973.
Located on the university's Central Campus, the museum is one of only a handful of dentistry museums in the world.
The museum is located on Museum Road, off Durrell Street in Durrell.
The new museum was open to the public on July 17, 2007, and hosts visiting shows from national and international collections.
Visitors are guided by volunteers of Aktiffelsefe.
Founded in 1988, the museum displays historical photographs and artifacts from Encinitas and the entire San Dieguito area.
The museum is independently owned and operated by the Indianapolis Motor Speedway Foundation, Inc., a registered 501(c)(3) organization.
Florida State University assumed governance of the Museum in 2000.
The Freer Gallery of Art and the Arthur M. Sackler Gallery form the Smithsonian Institution's national museums of Asian art in the United States.
Medal of Honor recipient Audie Murphy was born in Hunt County and worked in Greenville before entering the military.
Candelaria Municipal Museum is a museum located in the 31st avenue in Candelaria, Cuba.
The mill is listed on the Canadian Register of Historic Places.
Do Space is a 501(c)(3) non-profit community center for technology, digital library, education, and small makerspace featuring 3D printing technology in Omaha, Nebraska.
In 1984, Philp led the excavation of the east end of the cemetery in response to the expansion of the M25 motorway.
The Museum consists of twenty properties; some are interpretive history sites.
The Pittsburgh Filmmakers by-laws were carried over as the by-laws of the merged organization.
The museum was established by Matisse himself on 8 November 1952; he also defined the way his works should be arranged.
The Virginia War Museum is located in Huntington Park on Warwick Blvd., Newport News, Virginia.
For its tenth anniversary were made further improvements.
Most aircraft in the collection are in flying condition, or being restored to flying condition and are frequently flown.
It houses works of art and architectural fragments that were formerly in, or a part of, the Duomo of Siena.
The museum is working to amass a collection of works specifically from Florida artists to represent the history and progression of Central Florida culture.
Memorabilia from many famous players from Victorian times up to present day are included in exhibits which change seasonally.
It is closed on Sundays and all Federal holidays, and operates on NSA's emergency/weather closure schedule.
It houses a collection of more than 30,000 objects.
In 2012 the museum opened a second location in Barcelona, the Hash Marihuana Cáñamo & Hemp Museum.
Brighton Museum & Art Gallery is a municipally-owned public museum and art gallery in the city of Brighton and Hove in the South East of England.
The Bechtler Museum of Modern Art in Charlotte, North Carolina is a 36,500 square feet museum space dedicated to the exhibition of mid-20th-century modern art.
Founded in 1988 as a "Museum Without Walls," the museum opened to the public in 2003.
The gallery exhibits national and international works as well as artwork by students.
Its permanent exhibition, Culture and Continuity: The Jewish Journey, is supplemented by multiple temporary exhibitions each year.
The building is named after Howard Douglas and is located on the Fredericton campus of the University of New Brunswick.
By the 1980s the planetarium's sound-system and domed ceiling were used to display dazzling music-themed laser-light shows.
On October 31, 2016, the location was designated a National Historic Landmark.
The Beast from La Belle et la Bête
The museum is housed in the Palacio del Conde de Buenavista, a neoclassical building at Puente de Alvarado No.
The museum is housed in an authentically restored, 1911 train station which it shares with a bank.
Bejucal Municipal Museum is a museum located in the 13th street in Bejucal, Cuba.
It has its own permanent contemporary art collection, located in Barcelona, Catalonia.
The museum's collection focuses on New Zealand's involvement in the Olympic movement and promoting Olympic values.
Even Vigeland's flat on the third floor was preserved as a part of the museum.
The museum is run by the Two Rivers Historical Society.
Located in the Financial District in Manhattan, New York City it is an affiliate of the Smithsonian Institution.
The Museo de la Secretaría de Hacienda y Crédito Público is an art museum located in the historic center of Mexico City.
The museum is subdivided into the antiquity collection, the Middle East museum, and the museum of Islamic art.
Exhibits cover the span of time and occupancy of the island, from Native American civilization and French and Spanish colonies to modern day.
The village contains over 30 historic buildings on a 3.4 square kilometres site.
The Destin History & Fishing Museum is located at 108 Stahlman Avenue, Destin, Florida.
In 1990, the museum opened a replica of Bugbee's art studio.
As with the architect I. M. Pei's requirement, the museum is built on an island off an artificial projecting peninsula near the traditional dhow harbor.
It is renowned for its large Mondrian collection, the largest in the world.
The collection is substantiated by a wide range of works, including a large collection of ancient jewelry and paintings by Pablo Picasso and Jackson Pollock.
Ethnography and History Museum of Póvoa de Varzim is a museum with a maritime and ethnic theme located in the Portuguese city of Póvoa de Varzim.
It is devoted to the arts and culture of the Puebloan peoples, especially the Tewas in the northern part of the state.
Its rotating exhibitions, education activities and resources, and a programme of events cover the whole of the modern borough.
The Children's Museum Jordan is a children's museum in Amman, Jordan.
The Paul H. Jensen Arctic Museum was a museum focused on the culture and environment of the Arctic in Monmouth in the U.S. state of Oregon.
The associated John Herron Art Institute was established with the help of notable Hoosier Group artists T. C. Steele and William Forsyth.
The Museum of Diplomatic Corps is a private historical museum located in Russian city Vologda.
A non-profit organization, the Iron Range Historical Society exists on the donations and efforts of volunteers.
This may have been the first time that an artwork was commissioned by a town council.
Garros Galería or Garros Gallery is located in Colonia Roma in Mexico City.
The walls of the temple were decorated with numerous frescos.
The whole collection of art was looted from the museum during the Occupation of Taganrog in 1941-1943.
The museum holds collections on history, weaponry and ethnology.
The museum opened on October 7, 1955, as the Treat Gallery by Norma Berger, the niece of Marsden Hartley.
The Discovery Center is located in the city's hospital district and is named after philanthropist Don Harrington.
The museum complex incorporates the house museum, Fairhall, as well as a gallery and reference library.
The museum was opened in 1955 with the help of the Museum of Literature in Warsaw.
A large portion comes from Europe and Asia but most comes from Mexico itself with items dating from the 15th to the 20th centuries.
The Kunsthalle Bern is a Kunsthalle on the Helvetiaplatz in Bern, Switzerland.
The Graphic Arts Institute of Oaxaca is a school of art located in the city of Oaxaca de Juarez, Oaxaca, Mexico.
The area taken up by the small outbuilding is 30.5 sq.
Another famous piece is the Ishango bone, which was discovered in 1960 by Jean de Heinzelin de Braucourt.
It has a variety of displays and exhibits that highlight physical psychiatric treatments, such as restraints, psychoactive drugs, Electroconvulsive therapy and psychosurgery.
It is located in Højbjerg, a suburb of Aarhus, Denmark.
The dependency displayed small exhibitions in the adjacent Neerlandia Building from 24 February 2004 until the main museum opened on 19 June 2009.
It was inaugurated on 28 September 2013, on occasion of the club's 120th anniversary, and opened its doors to the general public on 26 October.
Since 1922 the gallery became a state museum in the USSR.
At the museum library, discussions on various authors, poetry performances and writing workshops are held.
A historical society was formed at the library and opened a small display in 1972.
It holds some 780,000 art objects, spanning from classical archeology to modern art, with special focus on Polish painting.
The museum offers both aircraft exhibits and interactive displays.
It combines architecture, sculpture, painting and garden design.
The Institute is a non-profit organization that is supported in part by the Chicago Park District's museum-in-the-parks program.
The conference spaces and cinemas are used by many public and private sector organisations and charities.
At 5,000 square meters, this museum is the largest technical museum in Lithuania.
The Numantine Museum of Soria located in Soria, Spain, focuses on the history of the province of Soria through art and archaeology.
Plans for the large new museum building have been approved by the local council and it was intended that construction will commence during 2011.
George Museum is a cultural history museum located in the town of George, Western Cape, South Africa.
The Academy also has a long tradition of public exhibits and educational programs for both schools and the general public.
The Tangmere Military Aviation Museum is a museum located on the former site of RAF Tangmere, West Sussex.
The British Motor Museum, formerly known as the Heritage Motor Centre, is a British motor museum in Warwickshire, England.
The museum houses one of Latin America's most important international art collections.
It was one of the original structures that drove the revitalization of the Baltimore Inner Harbor from its industrial roots to a thriving downtown destination.
It is named after senior Indian National Congress leader and former Prime Minister of India Indira Gandhi.
For long part of the museum, the institutions were made independent of each other in 1963.
All of the exhibits illustrate the history of Jenkins and the Consolidation Coal Company., and many of the exhibited items belong to local residents.
In addition to the papers of artists, the Archives collects documentary material from art galleries, art dealers, and art collectors.
With 1,195 visitors in 2015, it is one of the lesser-visited museums in Groningen.
It was opened on 16 November 2007, in a ceremony attended by Božo Biškupić, the Minister of Culture.
The armoury is situated in Graz's Inner City, a few steps from Hauptplatz at Herrengasse Nr.
The National Museum of Nepal is a popular attraction of the capital city of Kathmandu.
It is housed in a replica of the home of Col. John G. Cullmann, the founder of Cullman.
The Museum of Richmond in Richmond, London is located in Richmond's Old Town Hall, close to Richmond Bridge.
The Museum is accredited by the American Alliance of Museums.
It was restored by the City of Laurel, and opened to the public on May 1, 1996.
It was created as a 1 January 2004 merger of Copenhagen's Zoological Museum, Geological Museum, Botanical Museum and Central Library, and Botanical Gardens.
Other funding comes from the Institution's endowment, private and corporate contributions, membership dues, and earned retail, concession, and licensing revenue.
Its collection of over 67,000 works spanning 6,000 years of human history make it one of the most comprehensive collections in the Midwest.
In 1970 the name was changed to Keltenmuseum and the museum was moved into the former Salt Offices on the Pflegerplatz, which fronts the river Salzach.
The Ralph Stanley Museum is a monument to Dr. Ralph Edmond Stanley, an American bluegrass artist, known for his distinctive singing and banjo playing.
It has an enrollment of more than 9,567 students.
It has a dual role as a museum; exhibits for the general public, and archival storage of the city's historical documents.
Alquízar Municipal Museum is a museum located in the 91st avenue in Alquízar, Cuba.
Established in 2010, it displays the personal car collection of businessman and philanthropist Peter W. Mullin.
However, it is free to take pictures with cellphones.
He posts headlines of his successful senatorial elections in 1972, 1978, 1984, 1990, and 1996.
The Guantanamo Bay Museum of Art and History is a fictional museum created by the American artist Ian Alan Paul.
The museum houses more than 160,000 objects spanning from 4th to 20th century.
The main display hangar is a restored glazed building, visitors are able to view exhibits undergoing restoration.
San Pawl Milqi is the ruin of a Roman-period agricultural villa, the most extensive to have ever been unearthed in Malta.
The Patna Planetarium is one of the largest planetariums in Asia.
His lands also included parts of the North Shore extending out to la Mauricie and Trois-Rivières.
This programme supported Philippe Gruenberg in 2014 and José Vera Matos in 2015.
In addition to public shows, the planetarium serves as a classroom space for East Stroudsburg University science courses.
The Caracas Athenaeum is a cultural institution centred on the arts.
The Palazzo delle Esposizioni is a neoclassical exhibition hall, cultural center and museum on Via Nazionale in Rome, Italy.
The Manitoba Crafts Museum and Library is museum in Winnipeg, Manitoba dedicated to the preservation of handcrafts.
The museum has two major exhibition spaces.
The Grey also develops its own publications and educational programs based on some exhibitions.
The Pinacoteca Nazionale is a national museum in Siena, Tuscany, Italy.
The first induction ceremony was held on October 13, 2007 at the Las Vegas Hilton for inductees: Peter Marshall, Hugh Downs, Wink Martindale, and Monty Hall.
Morton thinks the site was about 21 miles east of Portage la Prairie and two miles southeast of Poplar Point.
The gallery is a non-departmental public body sponsored by the Department for Culture, Media and Sport.
The Museum contains displays featuring the history of Bangladesh's tribal people.
It was founded by Tuscaloosa businessman Jack Warner.
The Smithsonian Institution Archives is the archives of the Smithsonian Institution.
The unfinished museum building was dedicated on November 3, 1926 by Queen Marie of Romania, and was opened to the public on Hill's birthday in 1940.
It is one of the few places in the country where the work of acclaimed artist Ian Hamilton Finlay can be seen on permanent display.
The Han Sang Soo Embroidery Museum is an art museum specializing in Korean embroidery located in Gahoe-dong, Jongno-gu, central of Seoul, South Korea.
The gallery stands one block north of the New Museum.
It is operated by the University of North Texas through the College of Visual Arts and Design and housed on the UNT campus in Denton, Texas.
It encompasses a campus containing facilities for studying life and natural sciences, and space and physical sciences.
In 1888 Clarence Bicknell built the museum to collect, preserve and exhibit his archaeological and botanical collections.
1 on 118 Adams Avenue in Memphis, Tennessee, USA.
The Museum of Neon Art is an institution that exists to encourage learning and curiosity through the preservation, collection, and interpretation of neon art.
The chariot was formerly on display at the Bursa Archaeological Museum.
It holds significant and diverse collections in areas such as zoology, anthropology, fine art, local and overseas archaeology, and geology.
The WA State government has pledged $10m towards this project.
Established in 2000 and originally known as the iSci Centre, the museum changed its name to the Montreal Science Centre in 2002.
Children's Discovery Museum of San Jose is located on Woz Way in downtown San Jose, California.
It currently houses The Minories Galleries which are run by Colchester School of Art, part of Colchester Institute.
Hafnarborg exhibits works by leading Icelandic and international artists and the exhibition program displays both contemporary and established artists from the 20th century.
More than 40 buildings are staffed by interpreters in period costume who bring ancestral customs and traditional trades to life.
The museum was designed by Japanese architects Kazuyo Sejima and Ryue Nishizawa of the architectural office SANAA in 2004.
The Alberta Central Railway Museum is a railway museum located south-east of the City of Wetaskiwin, in Central Alberta, Canada.
The Beaty Biodiversity Museum is a natural history museum in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, located on the campus of the University of British Columbia.
The city of Nottingham has hundreds of man-made caves, which have been in use for over a thousand years.
Opened in January 2001, the museum contains displays about Oman's history from the Neolithic times to the present.
The Eli Whitney Museum, in Hamden, Connecticut, is an experimental learning workshop for students, teachers, and families.
Among the many artists represented are John James Audubon, Albert Bierstadt, Frederic Remington, Charles Marion Russell, and Georgia O'Keeffe.
The peninsula on Lake Burley Griffin was previously the home of the Royal Canberra Hospital, which was demolished in tragic circumstances on 13 July 1997.
The museum's major sponsors include the Archdiocese of Oviedo and the Parrish of San Pedro de Tineo.
In September 2006 DCS celebrated the opening of a new 30,000 sq.
Many current cultural events take place in the centre, including the annual Plisskën music festival.
Admission to the museum, which is open from Tuesdays to Saturdays, is free.
The Canterbury Heritage Museum,, is a museum in Stour Street, Canterbury, South East England, telling the history of the city.
The museum is dedicated for the history of Indonesian National Awakening.
Garrison Petawawa, is located in Petawawa, Ontario.
Changzhou museum was awarded the title of "Patriotic education base of Jiangsu province" and "Excellent museum of Jiangsu province".
The museum also acts as a community hub holding a weekly Women's Institute market, several book groups and various drawing, knitting and needlework classes.
The museum was originally located in Taliedo, in the suburbs of Milan.
Firefly Estate, located 10 km east of Oracabessa, Jamaica, is the burial place of Sir Noël Coward and his former vacation home.
The Kunsthistorisches Museum is an art museum in Vienna, Austria.
Giuseppe Bertini, director of the Academy, opened the museum on 25 April 1881.
Founded in 2009 by Ina Viola Blasius, John Burtle, Akina Cox, Chad Dilley, and Niko Solorio the Eternal Telethon has featured over 200 artist.
The museum is dedicated to the contentious relationship between organized crime and law enforcement within the historical context of Las Vegas and the entire United States.
The museum offers workshops, seminars, conferences and other activities intended to promote design and communication.
The Bailiffgate Museum is a small independent museum in Alnwick, Northumberland, England, dedicated to the history of Alnwick and North Northumberland.
The American University Museum is located within the Katzen Arts Center at the American University in Washington, DC.
The Textile Museum of Canada, located Toronto, Ontario, Canada, is a Canadian museum dedicated to the collection, exhibition, and documentation of textiles.
It is open from Tuesday to Sunday.
The museum uses trackage from the museum that runs west and then south of the Museum.
The Foundation promotes dialogue on economic, security, political and social issues, fostering informed decision-making in the Canadian public, private and non-governmental sectors.
The museum was founded by Jean, Lady Maitland who gave her collections to the nation in the 1950s.
Blitz and Pieces is a museum in Scratby in Great Yarmouth owned and operated by Darren Stride.
The HMF started the Grissom Air Museum in 1987 outside of what then was the northern main gate of Grissom Air Reserve Base.
The Charles M. Schulz Museum and Research Center is a museum dedicated to the works of Charles M. Schulz, creator of the Peanuts comic strip.
There is also a restoration workshop with public viewing gallery.
Founded in 1991, the museum holds over ten thousand toys and models, including model train collections, puppets, construction toys and radio-controlled aircraft.
In 2008, the museum was reopened after major renovations.
The 25 stall roundhouse and shops were the major facility for maintenance and repairs of locomotives and cars in Western Maryland.
There are also rotating exhibitions of art from all over the world.
A new building was erected in Dahlem to house the museum’s store rooms and study collections.
The USS Iowa Museum is a maritime museum located at the Port of Los Angeles in San Pedro, Los Angeles, California, United States.
The current chief executive officer of the museum is Colleen Walker.
The museum's collections, among the oldest in Europe, were started by the Dean Lafaye, a professor at the Faculty of Medicine in the 18th century.
The Museum highlights contributions of individuals and units from California in the US military, and its various military operations and wars.
The art collection was established in 1950.
The 430,000 sq ft museum is created by a series of interlocking discs that create cavities to protect visitors from the desert heat.
The museum is accredited by the American Alliance of Museums.
A second stipulation in the Deed of Gift was that a building should be provided to house the collection and used for no other purpose.
The main museum building and its annexes are owned by the City of Philadelphia and administered by a registered nonprofit corporation.
It covers all Vietnamese resistance to foreign occupation from the Chinese occupation, the First Indochina War and the Vietnam War and the Cambodian–Vietnamese War.
Its collection included large scale models of ships from the Mayflower to present day vessels, as well as paintings, photographs and artifacts dating to 1562.
Apart from exhibitions, the museum is also involved in Indigenous studies research and community programs.
There is also a collection of agricultural implements, tools and relics, and geology of the local area.
It is based in Farnborough, Hampshire immediately adjacent to Farnborough Airfield on the A325 Farnborough Road.
The museum is run by a charity, volunteers and two employees.
The interior features rare 17th and early 18th century antiques and was the setting for Elizabeth George Speare’s Newbery Medal-winning novel The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
The museum is home to thousands of artifacts detailing the history of the fire service not only in Jacksonville, but the entire state of Florida.
Other items include military artifacts from African-American soldiers who served on Fort Leavenworth, including Colin Powell.
8, added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2015.
Founded in 1994, the museum restores, flies, and displays vintage military aircraft from the Second World War and Korean War eras.
The National Portrait Gallery is an art gallery in London housing a collection of portraits of historically important and famous British people.
The permanent exhibition includes works by Edvard Weie, Karl Isakson, Olaf Rude, Kræsten Iversen, Niels Lergaard and Oluf Høst.
The museum is a Grade II* listed building.
The list is subjective, though prominence and impact on contemporary Nigerian art is a yardstick employed in the selection.
It is located on the grounds of the home of sculptor Carl Milles and his wife, artist Olga Milles, who are both buried there.
The Aberystwyth University Ceramic Collection & Archive is located in Aberystwyth, Wales.
Archaeological Museum Osijek is an archaeological museum in Osijek, Croatia.
The Mu.ZEE is a museum in Ostend, Belgium, specializing in Belgian art from 1830 onwards.
It is a resource for informal science education in the Rocky Mountain region.
It runs a public programme of events and exhibitions in Belfast, Derry/Londonderry and other towns and cities in Northern Ireland.
After tax levies failed in 2006 and 2007, COSI closed its doors to the public on the last day of 2007 due to lack of funding.
The Jordan National Gallery of Fine Arts is a major contemporary art museum located in Amman, Jordan.
It was established as a museum on 23 June 1983.
According to Eurostat in 2011, the functional urban area of Athens was the 9th most populous FUA in the European Union, with a population of 3,828,000.
The museum was opened in January 2015.
The National Hellenic Museum is the second oldest American institution dedicated to displaying and celebrating the cultural contributions of Greeks and Greek-Americans.
Production continued until after 2000 when it was moved off-shore, using third party factories, predominantly located in Asia.
The trust restored the buildings and opened them in 1996 as a museum dedicated to the textile industry, an industry that once dominated the city's economy.
Exhibitions also presents the HMVS Cerberus Gun Turret and the helm of the HMVS Nelson.
Tour guides are available free of charge.
The Ferens Art Gallery is an art gallery in the English city of Kingston upon Hull.
The museum building is the largest in Hong Kong, and can accommodate up to 6,000 visitors.
In 2009 the tenth show, E10, featured 22 active artists based in the northeast United States.
The museum is located in a historic bank building across from the Washington County Courthouse.
Herbert Art Gallery & Museum is a museum, art gallery, records archive, learning centre and creative arts facility on Jordan Well, Coventry, England.
The museum houses the official portrait of Pope Pius X and Oklahoma’s only Egyptian mummies.
The ranch complex is on the National Register of Historic Places.
The museum also houses several cultural objects of the state within it.
The museum holds the largest collection on the culture of the Guanche and also has one of the most modern methods of presentation of mummies,.
The Metropolitan Museum of Art was founded in 1870 for the purposes of opening a museum to bring art and art education to the American people.
It consists of three buildings on MacArthur Square in Norfolk, Virginia.
Delphi Archaeological museum is one of the principal museums of Greece and one of the most visited.
The origins of the museum date back to excavations undertaken at the 13th site in 1990.
Mémorial de la Shoah is the holocaust museum in Paris, France.
It is managed by York Museums Trust.
A museum also exists at the original McDonald's site in San Bernardino on U.S. Route 66 in California.
The Seattle Asian Art Museum is a museum of Asian art located inside Volunteer Park in the Capitol Hill neighborhood of Seattle, Washington, United States.
The exhibits of the museum covering an area of 145 m2 include parts of the trains and the railway stations, photographs, and related documents.
Archaeologists have established that the monument was built by pastoralist communities shortly after the introduction of agriculture to Britain from continental Europe.
The American Muscle Car Museum at 3500 Sarno Road, Melbourne, Florida opened in the fall of 2016.
When the School relocated to their current location in 1987, the 3,500 sq m space gave home to the Kim Yan Cantonese Methodist Church.
By 2012, the center had a $1 million budget, with 10 full-time employees.
Bharat Kala Bhavan is an art and archeological museum located in Banaras Hindu University, Varanasi, India.
Serving the art community and the general public, all of Albany Center Gallery’s exhibitions, receptions, and artist interviews are free and open to the public.
Building tours are offered on Tuesdays and Thursdays at 2PM; advance reservations are required.
The museum closed on March 31, 2014 to allow for planned construction of Terminal 3 at Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport and for relocation of taxiway WC.
The museum is located in the center of Medellín on the Botero Plaza near the Berrío Park metro station.
The Mossman Carriage Collection is a museum housing a collection of horse-drawn vehicles in Stockwood Park, Luton, Bedfordshire.
The Virginia Museum of Fine Arts, together with the adjacent Virginia Historical Society, anchors the eponymous "Museum District" of Richmond.
A gift shop is available and museum admission is free.
A guided tour teaches visitors lifestyles, culture, history and spirituality of these peoples.
The Queen's Gallery is a public art gallery at Buckingham Palace, home of the British monarch, in London.
The Museum is part of Croydon Council.
It presents prehistoric and Classical antiquities, covering the Neolithic era, Helladic period, Early Iron Age, Archaic, Classical and Hellenistic periods.
Born in Owen Sound, he was educated here and at Royal Military College of Canada, Kingston.
In addition to automobiles, the collection includes vintage balloon tire bicycles, auto related neon signs, antique gas pumps, jukeboxes, pedal cars, vintage soda coolers, motorcycles.
The museum was located within the King's Building designed by Sir Robert Smirke.
NORTD Labs work is released under various open licenses.
The museum is 45 km from Wellington.
It has exhibited works of noted artists, such as Claude Monet, Mary Cassatt, John Singer Sargent, and Cecilia Beaux.
The elaborate interior decorations with stucco and paint depict a variety of subjects and cycles.
The museum has basic information on Dutch period post offices, rare stamps, equipment, pillar boxes, etc.
The British Columbia Provincial Archives are located in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada.
The Mitsui Memorial Museum is an art museum in Tokyo's Nihonbashi district.
Although there were no major battles set there, the people of the area resisted a strong push by the Confederate army in 1862.
The Wende Museum of the Cold War is an art museum, historical archive, and educational institution in Culver City, California.
Other locations on the island with cars:
The current building, the "Palace of the Fine Arts", dates to 1910 and commemorates the first centennial of the Independence of Chile.
The Heineken House is a historic building in Bremen, Germany.
The time spent in the town by John Steinbeck is commemorated in the museum.
With an enrolment of over 1,300 students, the academy is largest art and design institution in the Republic of Belarus.
Art, Archaeology, Anthropology, geology, zoology and economic botany, with a number of galleries under each section.
The museum is open Tuesday to Sunday from 2:00 p.m. to 6:00 p.m.
The Man in the Sea Museum is located at 17314 Panama City Beach Parkway, Panama City Beach, Florida.
As the main cultural research center of the colonies of French West Africa, it contains important collections from across Francophone Africa.
There are folk art studios, shops, a theatre of folk songs and folklore, Ukrainian cuisine hands-on classes and other courses.
The museum has a policy of having as many of the exhibits as possible in full working order.
Since 2000, one stage of the Tour de l'Abitibi takes place in the underground mine, some 300 feet below ground.
For the majority of the Smithsonian collections, MCI is the only Smithsonian resource for technical studies and analyses.
Many of the old newspapers have been copied onto new paper, making them very easy to handle.
This cultural center hosts exhibitions of fine art, design as well as performing arts pieces from Nordic countries.
Founded by Francisco Matarazzo Sobrinho, and built in 1948, the museum is modelled on the Museum of Modern Art in New York City.
The museum also features the outdoor Pioneer Town that includes a livery, saloon, schoolhouse, pioneer cabin and other buildings.
It is dedicated to the railroads of Arizona and the Southwestern United States.
The museum had 65,000 visitors in 2005.
The NTHF has a museum on Emporia State's campus that honors the teachers inducted.
Janggu, Daegeum, and Buk, via a media arts system
It was inaugurated on December 10, 1911.
The Museum of Osteology is a private museum devoted to the study of bones and skeletons.
It is based in Sherbrooke, Quebec, with a sub-unit in Granby.
The Musée Édith Piaf is a private museum dedicated to singer Édith Piaf located in the 11th arrondissement at 5, rue Crespin du Gast, Paris, France.
It is the oldest house in the city.
The Virginia Museum of Contemporary Art is a contemporary art museum in Virginia Beach, Virginia.
The museum contains over 300 interactive attractions, as well as a 3D auditorium, planetarium, television studio, and vivarium.
The USS Constitution Museum is located in the Charlestown Navy Yard, which is part of the Boston National Historical Park in Boston, Massachusetts, United States.
The Bowers Museum is an art museum located in Orange County, California.
The museum focuses on interpreting the years 1850 to 1950, a century of unprecedented growth in Los Angeles.
The groundbreaking for this new site was in July 2002.
The library contains the most comprehensive archive of literature on dance in Northern Europe.
Aljira displays the work of both established and emerging or under-represented artists.
Çamlık Steam Locomotive Museum, is an outdoor railway museum at Çamlık village of Selçuk district in Izmir Province, Turkey.
Fully staffed by volunteers, excess revenues are donated to the Salvation Army.
It displays the cultural heritage of Pakistani people.
The museum is part of the Smithsonian Institution and located on the National Mall at 14th Street and Constitution Avenue NW in Washington, D.C.
Construction began in late 2008 on the new Waterloo Region Museum.
It opened in 2003 in the Buenavista Palace, and has 285 works donated by members of Picasso's family.
The museum was established in 2004 and became the first National Glyptotheque of Greece.
The Palazzo Riso, or RISO, Museo d’Arte Contemporanea della Sicilia, is a regional contemporary art museum located in the ancient Corso Vittorio Emanuele, Palermo, Italy.
The site is separate from Lachine Canal National Historic Site, with which it is inextricably connected.
Following Simcoe's death on 26 October 1806 the estate remained with the family until 1923 but was eventually sold and some parts broken up.
Bhit Shah Museum is a museum in Bhit Shah, Sindh which depicts various aspects of Shah Abdul Latif Bhittai's poetry.
The museum was founded by Stanley Hiller in June 1998. and is endowed by members of the Hiller family, owners of the Hiller Aircraft Corporation.
The Hershey Story, The Museum on Chocolate Avenue is devoted to the history and legacy of Milton S. Hershey and the chocolate candy confections he invented.
It was considered one of the largest Native American villages in North America.
The Australian Sports Hall of Fame is also located within the museum along with the Australian Racing Museum and the Melbourne Cricket Club museum.
November 3, 1977 museum "The Chekhov Shop" was open offering visitors objects and documents related to Chekhov youth years and life of the Chekhov family.
Exhibits include artefacts from, and information relating to, several major expeditions carried out during the exploration of the Arctic region.
All Children under 7 must be each accompanied by an adult.
CosmoCaixa also has a planetarium and exhibitions devoted to interaction such as touch and play for small children.
Museo di Storia Naturale di Venezia is a museum of natural history housed in Fondaco dei Turchi, located on the Grand Canal, Venice, Italy.
The Burnham Pavilions were the cornerstone of the citywide Burnham Plan centennial celebration.
It is one of the largest museums in North America.
The Centre carries out various projects related to scientific research, exhibitions and restoration.
Pakistan Museum of Natural History, established in 1976, is a public natural history museum situated in Islamabad, the federal capital of Pakistan.
The Ziegelei Lage is the central point for the European Route of Industrial Heritage.
Children's Museum & Theatre of Maine exists to inspire discovery and imagination through exploration and play.
All aircraft are kept in airworthy condition by donations, air show and members' fees.
The plume is red over white similar to the former Canadian Guards regiment.
The rest of the park is free and open to the public at all times.
Tsuyama Railroad Educational Museum is a railway museum in Tsuyama, Okayama, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company since 2 April 2016.
The Kansas Aviation Museum is a museum located in Wichita, Kansas, United States, near 31st South and George Washington Blvd.
At 240,000 square metres, it is also one of the largest structures in the world.
Of note is that only artefacts discovered on the island are displayed.
Museum Maluku, also known by the abbreviation MuMa, was a museum dedicated to the Maluku Islands and the Moluccans community living in the Netherlands.
The museum remains intact however, receiving most of its visitors in the form of tourists.
It is a non-profit organization with tax-exempt status, and a member of the Association of Children's Museums.
The MMAM features five galleries of world-class art and artifacts including impressionism and Hudson River School paintings, marine art, folk art sculptures and traveling exhibits.
The Phase I portion of the current facility was dedicated Sunday 13 April 1975, although it had been informally open since November 1974.
The first, in 1976, was a historic airfield in Cambridgeshire now referred to as IWM Duxford.
The Delaware Sports Museum and Hall of Fame is a membership-based organization founded in 1976.
The Tibet Museum presents Tibet’s history and visions for its future through texts, photographs, videos and installations.
The American Museum of Ceramic Art was founded on March 22, 2003, in Pomona, California.
The museums networth and containing are around 50 to 80 to 250 million according to Pakistani and Indian museum specialists during 2013 at least.
The museum and library was severely affected by the Iowa flood of 2008.
The main museum site is located at the former tram depot, Tramdepot Burgwies.
A permanent exhibition on RAF Bomber Command was opened at the museum by life member, Sir David Jason.
The Museum and Memorial are managed by a non-profit organization in cooperation with the Kansas City Board of Parks and Recreation Commissioners.
The museum galleries are closed and the collections have been moved into storage until the museum finds a new property to reopen to the public.
The first acquisition was an unrestored M3A1 Scout Car.
It has three gallery spaces and a gift shop.
The geography and geology of the prehistoric period
In 2013 the Gallery established a program called Emerge for aspiring artists and arts professionals between the ages of 16 and 30.
Lwandle Migrant Labour Museum - is 40 kilometres outside the city of Cape Town, just off the N2, in the region known as the Helderberg Basin.
Today it is a reserve armoured reconnaissance regiment with 2 Squadrons.
The Dana Library and Research Centre on Queen's Gate, South Kensington, London is part of the Science Museum.
The museum collection is primarily of AFVs.
The museum is located in the Ponce Historic Zone.
It is housed in the former Vilnius Power Plant.
The Kern County Museum is a history museum located in Bakersfield, California.
The museum has been host to the Icelandic Visual Arts Awards since 2006, when they were first given.
The museum opened in 1951, during Goshen's Hambletonian Stake era.
About five million people visit the Cité each year.
Portraits of Hason Raja and his son Dewan Eklimur Raja Chowdhury are placed in the entrance to greet the visitors.
The railway museum is owned by Sri Lanka Railways.
The museum closed in late 2011, reportedly as a cost-cutting measure.
The museum features a large collection of vintage and historical gliders.
Canada's Northern House was located at 602 West Hastings Street in Vancouver, British Columbia and was formerly a Toronto Dominion Bank.
The museum is a part of the Royal Belgian Institute of Natural Sciences.
It is the only whale museum in South Korea.
She gave the museum numerous small, carved ivory crucifix figures that were originally given to her by Désiré-Joseph Mercier, Cardinal Archbishop of Mechelen.
They currently employ over 60 college students on both a part and full-time basis.
spectrUM regularly moves travelling exhibits and activities to unexpected locations like restaurants, parks, powwows and festivals.
Including Minervas, such models as a 1928 Bentley, a 1930 Bugatti and a 1930 Cord and several limousines which belonged to the Belgian royal family.
Simferopol State Art Museum is an art museum located in the Crimean capital Simferopol.
The Montreal Planetarium is a decommissioned public planetarium located at Chaboillez Square just south of downtown Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
The Lebanese Military Museum is part of the Lebanese Armed Forces and dedicated for the preservation of old Lebanese military antiques.
The museum is located on a 155-acre campus adjacent to Fort Benning.
As well the Crystal Village a miniature village of various buildings made completely from telephone insulators made by a local rancher.
The Baltimore Museum of Art is the site of Gertrude's Restaurant, owned and operated by chef John Shields.
At its peak period 125 trains stopped there in a day.
There are also displays on Arthur Wellesley, 1st Duke of Wellington and his association with the town.
The museum closed in 1926, and much of its collections were transferred on loan to the Science Museum, London.
On November 3, 2016, FCA announced that the museum will permanently close on December 18, 2016.
Marysville is oriented north–south along Interstate 5, bordering the Tulalip Indian Reservation to the west, and State Route 9 to the east.
The museum, incorporated in 1966, is an all volunteer organization.
It contains equine-related artifacts and artwork, as well as over 160 antique horse-drawn carriages from Europe and America.
The restructuring saw the museum split into three separate sections with a 3D cinema, audiovisual touch-screen, and information on the history of FC Barcelona.
Museu Lasar Segall is located at 111 Rua Berta in the Vila Mariana district of São Paulo and is operated by a non-profit foundation.
It is a labyrinthal organization of rooms, incorporating the ancient Petites Carmes Abbey, the Chèvremont granary, and the Trinitaires church.
The interior contains a large courtyard with a stone centerpiece of a dragon and phoenix.
Since the museum opened, there have been numerous visits, by heads of state, foreign dignitaries, political figures, peace activists, and various celebrities or other notable figures.
The 2016 event was the 35th such re-enactment.
In 2010 it also housed Project Ploughshares.
The Museum consists of Strindberg's flat and library, as well as an area for temporary exhibitions.
The Museum is affiliated with CMA, CHIN, and Virtual Museum of Canada.
The grounds of the museum contain a palaeobiodiversity park, with life-sized animal sculptures of species believed to have existed in the region.
Bursa Archaeological Museum, shortly Bursa Museum, is a national museum in Bursa, Turkey, exhibiting archaeological artifacts found in and around the province.
It is the second oldest scientific institution west of the Mississippi and the oldest in Southern California.
Established in 1978, it is located in the 1909-built former Fire Station No.
The Museum is set inside a particularly lovely garden.
The museum holds collections on history and decorative arts.
This museum contains exhibits that showcase the evolution of the Indian Naval Air Arm over decades.
It is currently temporarily closed for the site it occupies to be redeveloped and is set to relaunch once works have been completed.
Its spiritual head is the educationist, poet, U Thant Peace Award-winner and modern saint J. P. Vaswani.
The Main Building of the Muzeum Narodowe w Szczecinie, Wały Chrobrego 3 Street.
This highly important art institution functions based on the 'Law of Museums' and the 'Law of Art and Culture' of the Albania.
Mausoleum of Struggle and Martyrdom is a museum in Warsaw, Poland.
The Bowling Museum of Asturias Museo de los Bolos de Asturias) is located in the Panes parish of Peñamellera Baja, Asturias, Spain.
The annual Threshermen's Reunion and Stampede is held near the end of July.
Most of the museum holdings, however, were saved and moved to Paris, where they reposed at the Hôtel Lambert.
However, it has since moved to the nearby Sheraton Hotel at the airport.
These were Fort Pascoya, Fort Bourbon, Fort Dauphin and Fort La Reine.
It was founded in 1982 by Rosemary Sinnett Nesbitt, a local professor and the City of Oswego Historian.
At other times visitors can collect a key from Blaise Castle or Bristol City Museum and Art Gallery.
Mason and his wife Barbara bought and renovated the historic 1889 Washington Hotel building in Chehalis after it burned in 1997, and moved the collection there.
When it reopened on 15 May 2009, it was described as "the most exclusive museum in Denmark" in national Danish newspaper Politiken.
These can consist of day or extended tours, usually over a weekend.
It is a public foundation, financially and administratively autonomous, maintained by the state government.
TTM experienced a 55% growth in attendance between 2002 and 2006, from 8,370 to 13,013 persons annually.
Opened in 2000, it is devoted to the history of Audi and its predecessors, and is the focal point of the Audi Forum Ingolstadt.
It also contains a Link Trainer and aviation artwork.
Gridchinhall — is an arts centre and a private gallery of contemporary art, one of the first Russian art residences.
Some of the museum's collection was transferred to the City of Waterloo and will be housed at the City of Waterloo Museum.
Collection strengths include American photography and general African art, including Ancient Egyptian art.
The Bob Marley Museum is a museum in Kingston, Jamaica, dedicated to the reggae musician Bob Marley.
The Frietmuseum is a museum in Bruges, Belgium, which is devoted to the history of potatoes and the production of Belgian fries.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places listings in Smith County in 1976, and has been a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark since 1962.
The museum collects, preserves, interprets and exhibits Ukrainian Catholic material.
It faces another room, in which some of Kemal’s personal effects from Ankara are displayed.
The objective of the museum is to disseminate the works of Roy and to preserve a piece of heritage for Canadian history.
The Bignou Gallery was a New York City gallery located in Midtown Manhattan.
The Mary and Leigh Block Museum of Art is a free public art museum located on the campus of Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois.
The Ahmet Arif Literature Museum Library is a literary museum and archive dedicated to Turkish literature and named after the poet Ahmet Arif.
The museum preserves and exhibits the heritage and history of 4 Wing Cold Lake and 42 Radar Squadron.
It was situated on the "Martyrs of the Nation" Boulevard and it is the existing building where the National Gallery of Arts stands today.
The Stouts undertook a large remodeling project, expanding the building into a large mansion in the Queen Anne style.
A section details the Canadian space programs.
The Tennessee Valley Railroad Museum is a railroad museum in Chattanooga, Tennessee.
The Deutsches Currywurst Museum is a museum in Berlin dedicated to the German sausage currywurst.
There are several hands-on sections with working equipment and other artifacts.
The Museum is linked to international organizations and to Institutes of Higher Education.
The canal mansion 'Geelvinck Hinlopen Huis' is now closed for the public, because the museum has moved to new premises.
To date, the most attended exhibition has been the 2015 David Bowie Is exhibit, shattering previous records with over 193,000 attendees.
The museum holds 11 sections and 21 collections.
Founded by Belgian art collector baron Guy Ullens and his wife Myriam Ullens, the UCCA was officially opened on November 5, 2007.
The house was designed by the architect Hermann Kallenbach for Gandhi and himself.
Built in the 1990s, the artistic excellence of Assam and rest of the north-eastern region is displayed here.
The second floor area is dedicated to the work of emerging Manitoba artists.
First Floor Gallery Harare is Zimbabwe’s first contemporary emerging artist run gallery.
It was opened on 5 February 1953, inaugurated by prime minister of Italy, Alcide De Gasperi.
The house can be rented for occasions such as weddings, corporate meeting and private parties.
The Carnavalet Museum in Paris is dedicated to the history of the city.
The museum is notable for its broad collection of Northern Italian and Netherlandish/Flemish artists.
The organization is governed by a board of directors.
The Chinese Aviation Museum, sometimes referred to as the China Aviation Museum and the Datangshan Aviation Museum, is an aviation museum close to Beijing in China.
The building has undergone several expansions, the latest of which began in 2015 and is expected to be completed in 2017.
The Museo Soumaya, designed by the Mexican architect Fernando Romero, is a private museum in Mexico City.
It was temporarily closed in November 2013[2], but was reopened in May 2015[3][4] thanks to extensive community support and campaigning by the Friends of Dalnavert.
As well as the ticket office visitors can explore the Wagon Shed, Journeys Gallery and Children's Gallery.
The museum also contributes significantly to the cultural and educational programs in the city of Albuquerque.
The house was equipped for film screenings and included retail space which made available authentic items from Nunavut and the Northwest Territories.
The museum collects, houses, and preserves a comprehensive collection of art works and archaeological objects of Asia, focusing on Japan.
Opened in January 1941 as No.2 bombing and gunnery school and in summer became No.
Signal Hill was designated, in part, to commemorate Marconi's first transmission tests in 1901.
It is based in the former Bankside Power Station, in the Bankside area of the London Borough of Southwark.
The Victorious War Museum or Victorious Fatherland Liberation War Museum is a museum of the Korean War located in Pyongyang, North Korea.
Its mission statement emphasizes its intention to work closely with the Native communities of the region.
The museum has extensive hands on galleries that explore the evolution of industry and work in Nova Scotia.
The Foresters donated their home in 1973 and the museum opened in September 1976.
David Evangelista favorably reviewed the museum in a piece for an A&E Network special in 2003.
The track is a portion of the historic Lewisburg and Tyrone Railroad, a branch line of the Pennsylvania Railroad.
The house was built and owned by the Pascual Botiller family from 1843 until 1969, and was purchased by Linda Cathcart in 2007.
The Musée Rude is an art museum dedicated to the French sculptor François Rude.
Its main facade is on the Republic Square.
The local industry suffered when shoe imports were deregulated in the 1950s, and by the 1970s only a few producers remained in the country.
The museums first opened its doors on July 1, 1998.
In addition to the former station building, the museum has a collection of heritage railcars in the neighboring railyard it shares with Metro-North.
Furthermore, the museum offers programs for current inhabitants to help develop the district.
It is one of the largest museums in the world.
The Karshner Museum, also known as Paul H. Karshner Memorial Museum , is a natural history museum located at 309 4th Street NE, Puyallup, Washington.
It regularly holds exhibitions of contemporary art.
The Independence Hall of Korea is a Korean history museum in Cheonan, South Korea.
At one time, the Old Stone House was the clubhouse of the Brooklyn Superbas, who later became the Brooklyn Dodgers.
Included in the collection are Fabergé eggs and 18th and 19th century French art and one of the country's finest orchid collections.
The museum offers interpretive programs, exhibits, multi-media presentations, and special events.
The museum is managed by the Instituto Nacional de Antropología e Historia, or INAH.
ART4.RU Contemporary Art Museum is a museum of contemporary Russian art located in Moscow, Russia.
On April 6, 2014, the attraction was closed to the public, though is still being maintained and is available for private events.
The Flying Heritage & Combat Armor Museum is housed in a pair of working hangars.
Since its founding, SITE Santa Fe has gained worldwide recognition through a series of biennial exhibitions that have featured numerous famous artists.
The SCMaglev and Railway Park is a railway museum owned by Central Japan Railway Company in Nagoya, Japan.
The Western Front continues to maintain programs in Media Art, New Music, and Exhibitions.
Costumed guides are on hand to explain life in that time period.
They also began to appear more widely in popular culture, featuring in television, literature, music and art.
Bowring is one of the oldest museums in India and the second oldest museum in South India.
In 2012, Mirvish announced plans to open a gallery to display these works, at planned condominium project Mirvish+Gehry Toronto.
The museum was founded in 1998, and is a division of Museums Victoria, which administers the cultural and scientific collections of the State of Victoria.
Over 620,000 people visited last year, making it a huge part of the province's tourism infrastructure.
The museum contained an extensive collection of wildfowl wood carvings by renowned decoy crafters.
It is the third public arts museum in Taiwan, after the National Taiwan Museum of Fine Arts and the Taipei Fine Arts Museum.
The elevator stands within the Hamlet of Acadia Valley, Alberta next to the defunct Canadian National Railway track bed.
Established in 2003 by Rabbi Yamin Levy, it works to disseminate the teachings and worldview of Maimonides to the general public.
Admission is free on the first Thursday and the first Saturday of every month.
The Grand Oaks Museum formerly known as the Florida Carriage Museum is located in Weirsdale, Florida.
Sheldon, the giant 2.5ft turtle, is definitely a notable feature.
The property includes a machine shop with multiple antique machine tools that are powered with flat belts from an overhead line shaft.
A substantial addition to the center encompassing restoration, conservation and collection-storage facilities was completed in 2010.
Chepstow Museum is a museum in Chepstow, Monmouthshire, south east Wales.
Moshe Schnitzer was responsible for establishing the museum and was its Chairman until July 2003.
In 1934 The Museum of Women's Emancipation at the Novodevichy Convent became part of the State Historical Museum.
The Canadian Guild of Potters — which would later become known as Ceramists Canada —was formed in 1936.
In 2013 Mexican curator Cuauhtémoc Medina was appointed curator in chief.
The museum has collections totaling about 100,000 objects, most of which are antiquities and medieval finds from excavations undertaken by the Directorate General of Antiquities.
The Museum is dedicated to preserving the history the Town of Amherst, the Village of Williamsville and the Niagara Frontier.
The Northwest Company built a stone warehouse here in 1803.
Its primary function is to train medical, dental, biomedical and healthcare students and professionals to diagnose diseases.
The Arizona Museum of Natural History is the only natural history museum in the greater Phoenix area and is located in Mesa, Arizona.
Dinosaur Isle opened to visitors on 20 August 2001.
During the existence of the Socialist Republic of Macedonia, the museum was known as People's Museum of Macedonia.
It is named after Dr. Stuart Davis, to acknowledge his generosity and also in memory of his late wife Winona.
Its success in Pennsylvania led to the creation of National Poetry Month.
The Cotton Belt Depot Museum is located at 210 East Oakwood Street, in the city of Tyler, county of Smith in the U.S. state of Texas.
The museum building itself is modelled after the British ocean liner Queen Elizabeth 2.
The museum was initially endowed during the 1960s with the permanent art collection of Joseph H. Hirshhorn.
The new equipment allows the Peace Museum to produce multimedia, interactive exhibits and to broadcast programs and virtual exhibits to multiple rooms.
The museum was founded by philanthropist Annie Montague Alexander in 1908.
It is now a museum open to the public, jointly run by the municipality of Munster and the Lehrsammlung der Panzertruppen und Heeresaufklärungstruppe am Ausbildungszentrum Munster.
The museum provides interactive exhibits as well as video documentation.
Its present director is Dr Henrik Bakchinyan.
The Sala dell'Asse, designed and frescoed by Leonardo da Vinci at the request of Lodovico il Moro, represents the Sforza period of Milan.
It is the successor to the Children's Museum of Oak Park, established in 1993.
The Museum serves the public by documenting and telling the stories of the courageous individuals who settled here to create the city and district.
The museum and the Lane County Clerk's Building near the museum entrance are both administered by the Lane County Historical Society.
It also explored international themes relating to postal communications.
The work has the support of the Regional Government of Valparaíso.
The community-based tradition continued as the museum grew to be nationally known, despite not having a paid staff until the 1990s.
An early specialist development was coastal artillery for use against enemy ships.
It is open from Tuesday to Sunday but visitors are required to make bookings online prior to their visit.
The Museo Universitario Arte Contemporáneo, also known as MUAC, is a large contemporary art museum on the campus of the National Autonomous University of Mexico.
It also holds exhibitions, which attracts lots of visitors.
Railroad and Transportation Museum of El Paso is a railroad museum in El Paso, Texas, United States.
The drawings collection holds some 200 drawings by Bronzino, Guardi, Claude Lorrain, Le Brun, Oudry, Greuze, Géricault, and Friesz.
Check their website for the most updated exhibit plans: www.hocm.org.
It is primarily concerned with the social history of London and its inhabitants throughout time.
It represents the highest level of architecture technologies of its age and is a symbol of wealth of salt merchants.
The Museum holds the world's largest collection of Aboriginal bark paintings and stone tools, the heart of champion racehorse Phar Lap and the Holden prototype No.
Some this material is on display at the large exhibition hall of the institute.
The museum ran an exhibition of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transsexual history in the South West during May 2008.
The Prince Edward Island Regiment is a Primary Reserve armoured reconnaissance regiment of the Canadian Forces, 5th Canadian Division, 36 Canadian Brigade Group.
It is dedicated to the Man'yōshū, an 8th-century anthology of waka poetry.
The cost of the museum is estimated at 70 million PLN and its construction was co-financed from the European Union funds.
Corridors contain over 20 dinosaur replicas; measuring over 12 metres in height, their weight would exceed ten tons if the replicas were real.
Founded in 2001, it is housed in the historic landmark Humboldt Park stables and receptory, near the Paseo Boricua.
The museum is within reasonable walking distance of the stations Frogner plass on the Frogner Line, and, further away, Nobels gate on the Skøyen Line.
It is operated by 149 staff, of which 130 are unpaid volunteers.
The Musée alsacien is a museum in Strasbourg in the Bas-Rhin department of France.
It was inaugurated by actress Kareena Kapoor on 28 March 2012, with actor Randhir Kapoor and filmmaker Madhur Bhandarkar also present.
The centre was inaugurated in July 2003 and is the first major Holocaust museum in Canada.
It opened in February 1997 and closed in 2009.
The Red Barn is the site of an arts festival, Albert's Tarantella, held each year in October.
... in western Pennsylvania the Westmoreland Museum of Art in Greensburg, rather than the Carnegie Institute in Pittsburgh, has pioneered regional investigations.
The Libratory is New Zealand's first dedicated steampunk art gallery and was created by Oamaruvian artist Damien McNamara.
The Jim Gordon Boardwalk also extends from the facility to the city's Bell Park along the western shore of the lake.
The Epigraphical Museum of Athens, Greece, is unique in Greece and the largest of its kind in the world.
Since 1946, it is located in the City Magistracy building, constructed in 1702 for the purposes of the Vienna Chamber, town government and police.
The Aviation Heritage Museum is a museum created and maintained by the RAAF Association of Western Australia.
The museum is situated in the Hupisaaret Islands park in the Myllytulli neighbourhood in Oulu, Finland.
All information is provided in Japanese, Chinese, English, French, German, Korean, and Spanish.
Lok Virsa is the finest cultural museum in Pakistan.
The Texas Transportation Museum is a transportation museum located near San Antonio, Texas, USA.
Exhibitions generally use the entire space and have mostly featured documentary photography.
The Wine Museum of Torgiano is a private museum, specialized and completely dedicated to the culture of wine.
The building, a postmodern structure in glass, copper, and concrete, was designed by Finnish architects Rainer Mahlamäki and Ilmari Lahdelma.
The Musée d'art moderne et contemporain, or MAMC, is an art museum in Saint-Étienne, Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes, France.
For a time, it was the fastest and most innovative of the computers available worldwide.
The museum was established in 1976 on the theme of archaeology and history.
Marc Mayer was named the museum's director, succeeding Pierre Théberge, on 19 January 2009.
Their design is based on drawings by Italian painter Bramantino.
The Browning household was a centre of British society in Florence although it was said that Theodosia Trollope's house was more care free.
Its best-known exhibit is the statue of Artemis retrieved from the temple of the goddess in Ephesus.
He was visited by William Wordsworth and other early members of the Romantic movement.
In front of the gallery is the Blue Carpet.
Bicycling clubs, however, having easier parking, make it a destination.
It was established as a museum on 30 July 1980.
1A, from which it had been separated during the 20th century.
The Museum offers various educational programs for school groups and the general public, in both English and French.
The institution celebrated its centenary in 2006.
Pascoya had a good location because most of the furs from the west and northwest came down the Saskatchewan.
The depot includes a waiting room, baggage room and telegraph office, as well as exhibits and railroad artifacts.
Opened in 1929, the museum is administered by the Philadelphia Museum of Art.
The Toyota USA Automobile Museum is an automobile museum located in Torrance, California, adjacent to the Toyota Motor Sales USA.
In 1989, the building was listed as the Pensacola City Hall in A Guide to Florida's Historic Architecture, published by the University of Florida Press.
In 2012, the museum was unable to reach a purchase agreement with the collection's owner Jean Paul Barbier-Mueller.
The Musicians Hall of Fame and Museum honors all musicians regardless of genre or instrument.
Expert studies and consultancies have been carried out for several municipalities and communities of Cyprus.
Permanent exhibitions present archeology and ethnography samples from Colombian artefacts dating 10,000 years BC, up to twentieth century indigenous and afro- Colombian art and culture.
The Buffalo Bill Museum, located in LeClaire, Iowa, is focused on life along the Mississippi River and local history.
The NSU Art Museum Fort Lauderdale is an art museum in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
The museum is located in the former grammar school building in which Cromwell received his early education.
Artpace opened its doors in 1995, and focuses on the artistic process.
The museum was inaugurated in 1949, and expanded in 1961 by architect Henri Gautruche and again in 1992 by Christian de Portzamparc.
Castellote has said that he hopes the virtual museum will help unknown Nigerian artists who have produced great works to become better known.
It was built in 1848 to a design by Thomas Moore.
Finglesham Anglo-Saxon cemetery is a place of burial that was used from the sixth to the eighth centuries CE.
50,000 people who died are buried here.
It contains exhibits depicting the history of the town and the fishing industry in relation to it.
The Brody Raion Museum of History and Ethnography is a museum in Brody city, Ukraine that was founded in 2001.
Annandale National Historic Site is a National Historic Site of Canada located in Tillsonburg, Ontario, Canada.
The SR-71 was moved to the Science Museum of Virginia where it is on display.
Baku Museum of Modern Art is a museum of modern art located in Baku, Azerbaijan.
The park also has hosted visiting artists like Pat Warner.
The museum commemorates great players, teams, and accomplishments of baseball in Canada.
The snowflake buildings are connected by a rock tunnel, which passes through a billion-year-old geologic fault.
The Heckscher Museum of Art is located in scenic Heckscher Park, in Huntington, New York, within walking distance of downtown shops and award-winning restaurants.
The museum is housed in The King's House, a Grade I listed building, where King James I of England was entertained in 1610 and 1613.
The museum moved into its current location in 1991.
For 29 years they were located on the sixth floor of Grand Central Terminal.
The RAF Millom Aviation & Military Museum was a museum of the British Royal Air Force bombing and gunnery school, located in Millom, Cumbria.
The RCMP Heritage Centre is a museum located in Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada.
It is the largest museum in the country.
The Lefferts Historic House, located within Brooklyn's Prospect Park is the former home of Continental Army Lieutenant Pieter Lefferts built circa 1783.
The Natural History Museum is a large natural history museum located in Vienna, Austria.
It is one of the largest museums in Spain.
The school was the closest school to ground zero.
It hosted regular exhibitions featuring mostly photography and architectural models.
Braunschweigisches Landesmuseum is a history museum in Braunschweig, Germany, operated by the state of Lower Saxony.
The Xiao Hui Wang Art Museum is a contemporary art museum in Suzhou.
The museum is located adjacent to Belgrade Nikola Tesla Airport.
The York Dungeons reopened in March 2013 after a period of closure due to severe flooding.
The Quincy Historical Society is located at 8 Adams Street in Quincy, Norfolk County, Massachusetts, United States.
There are eleven unique villages, representing the varied culture heritage of nineteen ethnic groups.
The Musée d'art moderne André Malraux is a museum in Le Havre, France containing one of the nation's most extensive collections of impressionist paintings.
The Canada Agriculture and Food Museum in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, houses a modern working farm.
He suggested that detached forts be built on Pointe-Lévy, on the south shore of Quebec City.
The museum occupies part of Pier 21, the former ocean liner terminal and immigration shed from 1928 to 1971.
In 1797 the poet Samuel Taylor Coleridge rented the cottage.
The Kollam DTPC has spent nearly 2 million Indian Rupee for the renovation and setting up of properties in the museum/Paramparya building.
Originally designed in 1968 as a Brutalist building by Don Bittorf, the gallery recently underwent an $88 million renovation designed by Randall Stout Architects.
The Museo Nacional de las Culturas is a national museum in Mexico City dedicated to education about the world's cultures, both past and present.
The Museum of Communism offers an immersive look at life behind the Iron Curtain.
Proposals for the National Wool Centre were put forward as early as 1979.
Ye Olde Hurdy Gurdy Museum of Vintage Radio is a museum of communication history based in the Martello tower in Howth, Dublin.
Casa de los González de la Vega: site of the International Bagpipe Museum, including a collection of traditional Asturian musical instruments
The Indianapolis Museum of Art is an encyclopedic art museum located in Indianapolis, Indiana, United States.
A portion of the museum is set aside for traveling exhibits related to his career interests.
Centro Costarricense de la Ciencia y la Cultura is a science and culture museum complex in Costa Rica.
The vast majority of the collection, however, is in storage.
The center contains over 91,500 square feet of performing and visual arts space which includes a 3,800 square-foot Main Gallery.
It was devoted exclusively to Inuit art and culture.
The Berkshire Museum is a museum of art, natural history and ancient civilization that is located in Pittsfield, Berkshire County, Massachusetts, United States.
It is located next to the National Museum of Kandy and Temple of the Tooth in Kandy, Sri Lanka.
The Ca' Pesaro is a Baroque marble palace facing the Grand Canal of Venice, Italy.
The Somerset Rural Life Museum is situated in Glastonbury, Somerset, UK.
The Hellenic Children's Museum in Athens, Greece is located in two houses specifically designed for use by children.
It is the only museum of its kind outside of Prince Edward Island to do so.
Over the years, the TM has acquired an extensive collection of artifacts, photographs and documentary records that together tell the story of Transcona’s community history.
The museum receives funding from the City of Sherbrooke, the Quebec Ministry of Culture and Communications and from its members.
Om Kalthoum Museum is a biographical museum in Giza, near Cairo, Egypt.
The collections contains works by Johannes Vermeer, Rembrandt van Rijn, Jan Steen, Paulus Potter, Frans Hals, Jacob van Ruisdael, Hans Holbein the Younger, and others.
The Cultural Center building was designed by architect Paul Gerhardt and built in 1927, as a multipurpose center for a social club.
Nominations have a December deadline of any given year.
The museum covers more than 70,000 square meters and it features over one hundred exhibits, mostly including railway vehicles and equipment.
The principal entrance is on the Via del Corso.
Located on the campus of Western Oregon University, the museum opened in 1985 with 3,000 artifacts collected by its late founder and namesake.
The state of the school now is extremely close to how it was once decorated.
Along with the Swedish Army Museum in Stockholm, Flygvapenmusem constitutes the government agency Statens försvarshistoriska museer.
1, designed by Charles Babbage, who is considered a "father of the computer".
The Museum is the oldest incorporated sports museum in Canada and has an extensive collection of swimming, diving, synchronized swimming and water polo memorabilia and art.
Housed in the former industrial premises of the Caproni company at Vizzola Ticino, the museum was established in 2010, after a 10-year preparation phase.
It also features the cultural, architectural and religious aspects of the city.
The house is included amongst other architecturally interesting and historically significant buildings in Doors Open Ottawa, held each year in early June.
The Bechtler Museum of Modern Art opened to the public on January 2, 2010, with former Mayor of Charlotte Anthony Foxx and Andreas Bechtler in attendance.
It is an administrative authority under the Ministry of Culture.
Some items contained in the museum are:
It is due to be replaced by the National Museum of Qatar, which is being constructed on the same site, by 2016.
The entrance for individual visitors is located in the Winter Palace, accessible from the Courtyard.
Among the museum's permanent exhibits are a work by Christo which depicts Snoopy's doghouse wrapped, Schulz's personal studio and tributes to Schulz from other artists.
Visiting the museum is easy with just a $6 entry fee for adults and $3 for students and seniors.
Its mission is to "celebrate Danish roots and American dreams."
It is located in the western part of the town on the sea on Hamangtan, about 1 km at the other end of Storangatan.
The museum exists on some 80 acres bisected by Murray Avenue.
The current director is Delphine Pinasa, whose portrait is exhibited at the museum.
The Lancashire People Gallery focuses on the Lancashire identity and comprises items loaned by members of the public revealing some exceptional hidden histories.
The section "Prehistory" contains 78,000 objects, ranging from the Paleolithic to the Late Iron Age.
The exhibition includes weaponry, glassworks, ceramics, jewelry, and furnishings.
In its earliest sense, the word artillery referred to any group of soldiers primarily armed with some form of manufactured weapon or armour.
In 2002, CCCA changed its name to Museum of Contemporary Art Cleveland.
The garden opened to the public in 1967.
The Brazos Valley Museum of Natural History maintains collections in the fields of archaeology, botany, conchology, cultural history, geology, mammalogy, ornithology, and paleontology.
This five-week battle comprised some of the fiercest and bloodiest fighting of the Pacific War of World War II.
The concept of the center dates back to 1987, and initial funding was provided through a Christa McAullife Fellowship.
The Mimara Museum is an art museum in the city of Zagreb, Croatia.
It consists of three pavilions, each in a distinct building.
Mountain Gateway Museum and Heritage Center -
In 2003, the Boston Herald dubbed it "tacky."
Founded in 1961 the Ypsilanti Historical Society operates the Ypsilanti Historical Museum and Fletcher-White Archives in Ypsilanti, MI.
Its goal is to educate the general public about the history of the telephone industry.
It is classified as a historical monument.
There are also collections of various diplomatic papers relating to Japan's foreign relations.
The second section is a private art collection on permanent display at the museum which exhibits works by local artists such as Dalí, Miró and Tàpies.
Until the construction of its new museum, the Museum of Modern Art in Warsaw carries out its program activities in a temporary premises at ul.
The site also features several purpose-built exhibition buildings, such as the Stirling Prize-winning American Air Museum, designed by Sir Norman Foster.
The Musée dauphinois is a county museum, located in Grenoble.
It was previously known as the Kansas Cosmosphere.
While in this capacity, he distinguished himself against an attack by the Iroquois in 1653 and concluded a peace treaty with them on favorable terms.
Watchet Boat Museum is a small museum in Watchet, Somerset, England.
Today, the foundation owns more than 4,000 objects, including over 900 paintings, estimated to be worth about $25 billion.
The museum is open between July 4 and Labor Day.
MOSI's core ideology is to make a difference in people's lives by making science real for people of all ages and background.
It is located in the Arts district, downtown.
The gallery covers the ground and first floors of a large Georgian house in Dublin's city centre.
Canadian Forces Base Esquimalt is Canada's Pacific Coast naval base and home port to Maritime Forces Pacific and Joint Task Force Pacific Headquarters.
The museum contains a shop, learning space and cafe.
The museum is located on the first floor of the 18th-century Raffay Palace, 350 square metres, in Gornji Grad at Sv.
The museum attracts over 500,000 visitors every year.
It is one of Puerto Rico's most notable buildings, with some considering it "by far the most easily recognized landmark in the Island."
The permanent collection of the MART contains more than 15,000 artworks, including paintings, drawings, engravings, and sculptures.
The Bagatti Valsecchi Museum is a historic house museum in the Montenapoleone district [1] of downtown Milan, northern Italy.
Currently most of the remaining structures turned into a historic reserve.
Jameson Distillery Bow St. is an Irish whiskey tourist attraction located just off Smithfield Square in Dublin, Ireland.
The museum was renovated between May 2004 and January 2005, and has been given an additional area of 5,375 square metres.
Kanpur Sangrahalaya / Kanpur Museum is the official museum in Kanpur, the industrial hub of Uttar Pradesh in North India.
Discovery Station is visited by thousands of visitors each year and is especially popular with children.
It's located on the Buda Island in Courtray, Belgium.
The Duluth Depot is a historic train station in Duluth, Minnesota, United States.
It covers an area of 360 m2 including the courtyard.
In 1938, the museum was officially opened.
The venue has since been relocated to the former Comboni Sisters School for Women.
Open from 9:30 am to 6 pm from 1 June to 30 September, the museum is free.
During the Warsaw Uprising, the Germans mass executed thousands of Poles in the surrounding areas.
The Ministry of Culture and National Heritage reopened the Museum with additional funding after its administrative reorganisation.
The gallery is a member of the Public Galleries Association of Victoria.
Every year on April 24—the Armenian Genocide Remembrance Day—thousands of Armenians gather at the memorial to commemorate the victims of the genocide.
It opened in 1891, and now houses what has been called "one of the world's most important collections of sculpture."
archaeology: Materials from excavation research on the castle mountain in Cieszyn and in the town centers of Międzyświeć and Bielsko
It was established by 1991 by Jan van der Togt, an industrialist and founder of the company Tomado who was a collector of contemporary art.
The present museum building was completed in 1973.
Major support is provided by the museum's Development Board.
Reynolda House Museum of American Art displays a premiere collection of American art ranging from the colonial period to the present.
The Red River Valley Museum is located at 4600 College Drive, in the city of Vernon, county of Wilbarger, in the U.S. state of Texas.
The Fashion Museum is housed in the Assembly Rooms in Bath, Somerset, England.
After its summer 2011 launch during an event promoting the International Indian Film Academy Awards, nothing more has been mentioned of the project.
In 2013, nearly 1.2 million people visited the museum, and it hosted the most popular exhibition in New York City.
Gallery X is a contemporary art centre in Montreal in the province of Quebec in Canada.
The standard opening hours are: Tuesday – Sunday, 10am–5pm.
The National Museum of Malí is an archaeological and anthropological museum located in Bamako, the capital of Mali.
The building itself, constructed in 1907, was originally an African-American church.
AutoMuseum Volkswagen is an automobile museum in Wolfsburg, Lower Saxony, Germany.
It is in the Albow Centre in Gardens, central Cape Town, South Africa.
It has 10 galleries which show the ancient and modern history and culture of Lyallpur/Faisalabad.
His historic downtown family home was willed to the City of Hamilton, after the death of the last of his five unmarried siblings in 1968.
Paying members and volunteers help build and maintain the authentic replicas.
It is one of many museums operated by the Ohio History Connection.
Brighton Toy and Model Museum is an independent toy museum situated in Brighton, East Sussex.
The Bakersfield Museum of Art is an art museum, in Bakersfield, California.
It is one of four museums included in National Museums Northern Ireland.
The Mary Rose Museum is a historical museum located at Historical Dockyards in Portsmouth in the United Kingdom run by the Mary Rose Trust.
Tate Britain is an art museum on Millbank in the City of Westminster in London.
The fee is waived for children and veterans.
The collection of marine invertebrates is additionally extensive, having benefitted from the work of such prolific invertebrate zoologists as Addison Emery Verrill.
The 'Great Hallways' of this building are filled with history as they are lined with portraits of past presidents of the university.
With over 10,000 volumes and growing rapidly, the library is one of the State's hidden educational and historical treasures.
The museum includes collections and exhibits concerning the natural sciences as well as artifacts of cultural significance to Nova Scotia.
There was also a replica of a Victorian kitchen and a collection of 19th and 20th century farm implements.
The CUBE Gallery on Portland Street, in Manchester city centre, England, was a gallery for architecture and the built environment.
It was heavily looted during the 2003 Iraq War.
Strataca is a salt mine museum in Hutchinson, Kansas, United States.
Many of the dead were interred with grave goods, which included personal ornaments, weapons, and domestic items, and some had tumuli erected above their graves.
The visitor book signed by Queen Elizabeth II when she formally reopened the canal in 1990 is held at the museum.
The center has 48 exhibits, most of which are either interactive or live demonstrations.
Ca' Rezzonicoretˈtsɔːniko]) is a palazzo on the Grand Canal in the Dorsoduro sestiere of Venice, Italy.
Launched in 2007, the museum is a member of the Association of Children's Museums and Hands On!
Kalyna Country bills itself as the "World's Largest Ecomuseum" at 20,000 square kilometers, or more than three times the size of Prince Edward Island.
The photographs are African-American pioneers who lived in and around the Leavenworth area from 1870s to 1920s.
In recent years, the AEF formed the Business Alliance for Asia Literacy and Education Alliance for Asia Literacy.
The Barentsburg Pomor Museum was closed to the public during the Summer of 2008, and conditions were said to be poor.
At the same time, the institution strives to discover and support young artists in the community.
It is currently maintained by Save Our Heritage Organisation.
The Qatar Museums is the lead body for museums in Qatar.
Storyeum offered up a live, interactive, educational, re-creation of British Columbia's history through special effects, actors and actresses in a 65-minute show.
An In-Space-System 1C-3K digital projection system by RSA Cosmos and an optical-mechanical Chronos Space Simulator manufactured by Goto.
It is located in the former Elks Club Building, built in 1949, along Roxas Boulevard at the corner of Katigbak Drive.
Melville House has been described as "...this shrine, where lingers the spirit of the great inventor".
The museum was formerly an operation of the Rochester Chapter National Railway Historical Society until 2011.
The palace was built in the neo-gothic style by the Lebanese politician and art collector Henri Philippe Pharaoun in 1911.
The Hainan Museum is in Haikou, the capital city of Hainan Province, China.
Established 15 December 2006, it was Aviles' first museum and was open Wednesday through Sunday.
It is the descendant of the Musée d'Ethnographie du Trocadéro, founded in 1878.
The 40-acre site, which opened in May 2000, features 17 historic and recreated buildings connected by a boardwalk, a maritime forest and wetlands nature trail.
Dr. Charles L. Venable is the current Melvin and Bren Simon Director and CEO.
Parque de la Costa is an amusement park located in Tigre, a northern suburb of Buenos Aires, Argentina.
The house itself was built in 1840, but the period interiors date to 1904, when the Hodson lock making family first lived there.
The Maimonides Heritage Center is an educational and cultural non-profit organization in the Israeli city of Tiberias.
The brick Victorian building is built in the style known as Richardsonian Romanesque.
The Galicia Jewish Museum is located in the historic Jewish district of Kazimierz in Kraków, Poland.
It is the oldest library in Canada dedicated to art.
The architects were S. N. Cooke and E. C. Davies.
The Bhupen Hazarika museum is another attraction of Kalakshetra.
The WCCW operates through various exhibitions, workshops, dinners, and other special events that connect creative women and feminists.
The Bristol Historical Society collects, preserves, and interprets significant historical resources to enhance the present community and provide a historical context for future growth.
Opened in April 2010, it is the largest museum of its type in the world.
Ceramics from the Edo and Meiji periods used for serving sake.
It is located at 1717 West 12th Street, at the corner of Division and West 12th Street on "museum hill," near Fejervary Park.
About 5 miles further west is Death Valley National Park.
The Musée de l'Homme is one of the seven departments of the Muséum national d'histoire naturelle.
The museum is free and open to the public.
The John P. McGovern Museum of Health and Medical Science, or The Health Museum in short, is a museum in the Museum District of Houston, Texas.
It has been proclaimed as the largest and most authentic collection of pirate artifacts ever displayed under one roof.
The museum is operated by volunteers and is open on some weekends and school holidays during the summer period.
The museum opens every day except Mondays.
Carter County Museum, located in Ekalaka, Montana, was founded in 1936 and is the first county museum in Montana.
MoMA PS1 is one of the largest art institutions in the United States dedicated solely to contemporary art.
Many outdoor events take place within The Cathedral Quarter, mostly centred on The Market Place or Cathedral Green.
The Center for Jewish History serves as a centralized place of scholarly research, events, exhibitions, and performances.
Also in 2011 the museum acquired Charlie Chaplin's entire collection of photographs: around 10,000 photographs taken throughout Chaplin's career.
Examples of Armenian, Coptic, Georgian, Greek, Hebrew, Persian, Samaritan and Sanskrit manuscripts.
In addition, half of the museum acts as a historic house museum, displaying the 19th century estate of the Sinebrychoff family.
Ararat Regional Art Gallery is a public art gallery in the regional Victorian city of Ararat.
It conceives itself today as a "forum for science, culture and society".
The buildings in which the museum situated at was Lu Xun's former Beijing residence.
The Land Reform Museum is a museum located in Songshan District, Taipei, Taiwan.
It is one of two public art museums with provincial responsibilities.
The museum is located in the center of Akureyri, the second-largest city in Iceland.
Also attached to MAMA is the Canvas Eatery which is operated by Tim Tehan and provides seating for over 100 people indoors and out.
Guests can also enjoy demonstrations or workshops in the ChemLab, BioLab or new ExploreTEC lab and see a film in the J.L.
It was opened on 31 August 1963, and it serves as a repository of Malaysia’s rich cultural and historical heritage.
The section "Egypt" displays about 600 objects in the permanent exhibition.
There are more than 40 thousand exhibits inside an exposition area of 350 m².
The focus of the collection is Western art, from antiquity to the present day.
The museum hosts two to three temporary exhibitions and ten special events annually.
Also a different exhibition is created every year to include more recent American history.
With 4,251 works exhibited by the painter, the museum has one of the most complete permanent collections of works.
In the near future, the vacant land next to the museum will be turned into a cultural park.
Charles West, the major donor of the early museum, cast his votes in favor of Eden Park sealing its final location.
The museum has no staff curators, preferring to use guest curators for its shows.
Pakistan Movement Gallery which comprises the Modern history of Pakistan.
The museum sponsors the area's annual Audie Murphy Days, usually scheduled in June.
The museum was acquired by the Government of Vietnam in 1958 and then the artifact collections were expanded to cover eastern arts and national history.
District Six Museum is a museum in the former inner-city residential area, District Six, in Cape Town, South Africa.
A second building, on the north side of the terrace, was added in 1930.
This portion of the collection was shown in an exhibition titled "A Homecoming Celebration" in 2009 at Hemphill Fine Arts.
The Eduardo Sívori Museum is a municipal art museum in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
The National Maritime Museum in Galle, Sri Lanka is situated within Galle Fort.
Macmillan Collection of gold and silver—as well as a number of other sub-collections.
The building was once the Istana Kampong Glam, and was part of a larger original compound that led to the Beach Road frontage.
It is scheduled to open in 2019.
The University Museum of Contemporary Art is a contemporary art museum on the campus of the University of Massachusetts Amherst.
The museum's honorary patron is Christopher Plummer.
MODA is the only museum in the Southeast devoted exclusively to the study and celebration of all things design.
The Museum of Asian Art is located in the Dahlem neighborhood of the borough of Steglitz-Zehlendorf, Berlin, Germany.
It is housed in the Xiqin Guildhall, built in 1736 during the reign of the Qianlong Emperor in the Qing dynasty.
However, it has been an important centre of research since 1980 in studying the civilizations of Crete from 1000 to the present day.
Some museums are operated by other organizations.
The Lambretta Scooter Museum is in Weston-super-Mare, Somerset, England.
Originally scheduled to be open in Upper East Side location through December 2011, the museum remained open on the UES through the summer of 2014.
Madruga Municipal Museum is a museum located in the 25th avenue in Madruga, Cuba.
It is on land which is part of the beachfront-to-intracoastal Red Reef Park, though Gumbo Limbo does not have land directly on the beach.
The museum’s goal is to create interactive exhibits that invite self-directed, open-ended explorations.
There are also spaces to house two restaurants on the ground floor which are currently occupied by Food for Thought and Standing Sushi Bar.
The gallery houses the largest collections of works by three renowned Manitoba artists: Ivan Eyre, Clarence Tillenius and Walter J. Phillips.
In the 6 thematic rooms exhibits tell about the natural riches of the evolution of flora and fauna from antiquity to the present day.
It frequently organises art symposia and exhibitions of visual and applied art both on its own premises and elsewhere in Greece.
The Asuka Historical Museum is a historical museum in Okuyama, Asuka, Nara Prefecture, Japan.
On December 18, 2011, the museum closed its doors for an initial duration of 2 years at a maximum, to carry through with extensive expansion work.
The curator showcases artists near or at the breakthrough point of their careers-artists such as Jeff Gabel.
It remained the archbishphoric until 1867 when the Finance Ministry Accountancy Department was established there.
It was refurbished in 2015, and its collections now include exhibits ranging from the Bronze Age to 2004.
Dudley Museum and Art Gallery was a public museum and art gallery located in the town centre of Dudley in the West Midlands, England.
The National Museum of Somalia is a national museum in Mogadishu, the capital of Somalia.
Children's Museum of Caracas is a museum in Caracas, Venezuela aimed at teaching children about science, technology, culture and arts.
The railway station closed in March 1967 as and featured a restored booking office dating from the Edwardian period.
Completion of the Museum's entire streetcar line was realized in October 2008 with the completion of its double tracking project, which took many years to complete.
The municipality of Athens had a population of 664,046 within its administrative limits, and a land area of 38.96 km2.
Located in a former power plant in the Wascana Centre, the Saskatchewan Science Centre was officially opened in April 1989 as the Powerhouse of Discovery.
Waterloo Region Museum and Doon Heritage Village are owned and operated by the Regional Municipality of Waterloo.
The museum is one of relatively few worldwide that actually flies historic aircraft.
Inaugurated in 1992, it was the first museum in Puerto Rico established to cover the history of the people of a town or city.
The garden consists of 25 works of the MFAH, including sculptures by Henri Matisse, Alexander Calder, David Smith, Frank Stella, and Louise Bourgeois.
The museum's collection includes collections and archives belonging to previous Presidents of the Republic of China.
The original conversion was done by James Stirling but the building was given a major refurbishment in 1998 to create additional gallery space.
Rochester Contemporary Art Center is a non-profit art center located in Rochester, New York's East End District.
Since the creation of the Canadian Ski Hall of Fame over 140 people have been inducted.
The building of the museum was originally an ink warehouse of Perum Peruri.
The museum is particularly rich in items related to agriculture, stock breeding, pottery, basketry, wood carving, architecture and music and dancing.
The Maritime Museum in Stockholm, Sweden is a museum for naval history, merchant shipping and shipbuilding.
GCAM was created to collect, preserve and provide access to historical items from the LGBT community of the Gulf Coast area of Texas.
The Royal Winnipeg Rifles are a Primary Reserve one-battalion infantry regiment of the Canadian Army.
Registered as one of the Hokkaidō Heritage sites in 2004, the museum is the only beer museum in Japan.
The Museum of Romanian Literature "Mihail Kogălniceanu" is a museum in Chişinău, Moldova.
The center was established in 2010, in the buildings of the former Helsingør Værft or Elsinore Shipyard.
In addition, a 26-minute video is shown, detailing Patton's military service and the creation of the Desert Training Center.
The inauguration is scheduled for April or September 2016.
Opened in 1968, the Woodruff Arts Center is home to the Alliance Theatre, the Atlanta Symphony Orchestra, and the High Museum of Art.
The museum holds monthly ‘Wednesday Movies’ nights, during which films about diving are shown.
The Aleppo Citadel Museum is an archaeological museum located in the city of Aleppo, Syria, within the historic Citadel of Aleppo.
Griffis Sculpture Park is a sculpture park located between Ashford Hollow and East Otto in Cattaraugus County, New York.
The museum both aims at domestic and foreign visitors and has had several exhibitions outside China over the years.
Notable features include "enormous tanks for cleaning whale skulls, chambers to preserve Antarctic meteorites, art from throughout the ages, and a botany collection with five greenhouses."
It is located in the southwestern corner of the Gandhi Maidan.
It was built in 1914 for the British Admiralty as a World War I communications post.
The site was designated a National Historic Site in 1997.
The museum houses displays of various aircraft and helicopters, Aircraft engine models, Flight simulators, a mock Air Traffic Control Tower and exhibit of Indian aviation history.
Its expanding collection includes more than 600,000 from Lebanon, Syria, Palestine, Jordan, Egypt, Morocco, Iraq, Iran, Mexico, Argentina, and Senegal.
GEM and Fotomuseum Den Haag are part of the Gemeentemuseum, though not housed in the same building and with a separate entrance fee.
The Louvre-Lens is an art museum located in Lens, Pas-de-Calais, Northern France, approximately 200 kilometers north of Paris.
These activities range from school programs, drawing workshops, art talks, lectures, family days, cooking, yoga and dance classes, movie nights, etc.
The Altes Pumpwerk or Old pumping station is located in Bremen in Germany.
It is located at 15 Konstantin Velichkov Square.
A part of the garden still remains open to the public.
Cambodian Cultural Village is a theme park and museum in Siem Reap, Cambodia.
Most of its exhibits focus on science and technology.
Before 1994, the building of the museum had the Obinitsa library in it, managed by Liidia Sillaots.
The museum was established as a private initiative on May 15, 2004.
It contains more than 450,000 works of art, making it one of the most comprehensive collections in the Americas.
The Museum of Wigan Life is a public museum and local history resource centre in Wigan, Greater Manchester, England.
At the time of writing this sentence, 1710 29 March 2019, a pedestrian notes that History House is open in its new Stone Way N. location.
The word "University" was dropped from the institutional name in 2008.
The Museum was founded in about 1989, with ex Royal Navy Ldg.
The museum was the creation of Rolim Adolfo Amaro, founder and president of TAM Airlines, and his brother João Francisco Amaro.
Aston Manor Road Transport Museum is an independent transport museum in Aldridge, Walsall.
During the Holy Week in Valladolid the museum gives 104 images to the processions for the brotherhoods.
It was originally housed in Hidalgo County’s Old Jail, a Texas National Landmark, built in 1910.
The Archaeological Museum of Samothrace is located in Samothrace of the Evros regional unit, in Greece.
It is the first and only African American children's museum in the United States.
After a career as a child actress in Chicago she went to Boston and married at age 16, had three children, and divorced in 1910.
On March 17, 2011, the museum announced that it had discovered lost footage of Garfield Goose and Friends and previewed it on its website.
Hall V - Dance, Musical Instruments and Dhokra Items
The museum is part of the wider network of Amgueddfa Cymru – National Museum Wales.
The latter, at the high altar, houses Caravaggio's Seven Works of Mercy.
The Planetarium is closed on Mondays and is usually closed for up to two weeks for servicing work following the December/January school holidays.
The museum also features rotating exhibitions and partners frequently with children to create exhibits.
Northwest Science Museum is a creationist museum in Idaho.
It is located in the centre of the Black Country, 10 miles west of Birmingham.
Volandia is an Italian aviation museum, located near the Malpensa Airport in the comune of Somma Lombardo, in the Province of Varese.
It was established in 1927 and since 1954 has been housed in the "Maliebaan station", a former railway station.
The Walt Disney Family Museum is an American museum that features the life and legacy of Walt Disney.
The museum has been attended by over 21 million visitors.
The museums collection includes about 20,000 artifacts and other objects from restaurants, bars, diners, spas and hotels.
It currently consists of more than 100 Toyota, Lexus and Scion cars and trucks, dating from 1958 to 2013 as well as motorsports vehicles.
Founded in 1989, the 38,000 sq ft museum receives over 200,000 visits from children and their families every year.
It was the home of the ruling Manikya dynasty until the Tripura`s accession to India in October 1949.
It takes the form of a pyramid.
The aquarium depends heavily on its volunteers and donations.
It was founded in 2006 by Executive Director & Chief Curator Grant Wainscott.
The Engineers Museum has the status of the scientific military museum and it is supervised by the Military Museum of Finland.
The museum also acts as a research center and works closely with the Lok Virsa Museum.
The London Transport Museum, or LT Museum based in Covent Garden, London, seeks to conserve and explain the transport heritage of Britain's capital city.
Ikon was set up to encourage the public to engage in contemporary art.
Neues Museum Nürnberg is a museum for modern and contemporary art and design in Nuremberg, Germany.
The museum opened officially on May 3, 2008, in College Park, MD, with an exhibition entitled "Writing Language: Passing It On."
The museum comprises four buildings: the Dunwich Benevolent Asylum, the main building, the Herdsman's Hut, and a replica of the first Dunwich Post Office.
It focuses on 4 branches or design disciplines: space design, product design, information design and fashion.
It displays bicycles and related items from the 19th century to the present day.
Hermitage Amsterdam is a branch museum of the Hermitage Museum of Saint Petersburg, Russia, located on the banks of the Amstel river in Amsterdam.
Subsequently, the world's most important Pre-Columbian collection in private hands was split and auctioned at Southeby's on 22 March 2013.
The Marine Museum office has moved to 53 Yonge Sttreet, Kingston, Ontario.
Some of them belonged to the Old Christians rugby club.
LeMay - America's Car Museum is a museum in the city of Tacoma, Washington.
The Casa de la Apicultura is a museum in Boal, Asturias, Spain.
The Pretoria Art Museum was established to house the City Council of Pretoria's Art Collection, built up since the 1930s.
In August 2005, the museum began an extensive interior renovation; the first of its kind since the Museum's opening.
It is the Tasmanian Government agency responsible for policy and planning for arts and culture in Tasmania.
It is located in the Al Fahidi Fort, built in 1787 and is the oldest existing building in Dubai.
Early artillery development focused on the ability to breach fortifications, and led to heavy, fairly immobile siege engines.
It also includes work by non-Turkish artists, including Tony Cragg, Julian Opie, and Monica Bonvicini.
The Musée de Montmartre is located in Montmartre, at 8-14 rue Cortot in the 18th arrondissement of Paris, France.
The local barber's pride and joy was his authentic American barbershop chair, imported from Chicago before the war.
The plantation house was built in the Spanish Colonial style, with the surrounding buildings being builtin the local Criollo style.
Over several floors, the museum provides a very detailed insight into the production methods of perfume throughout the various stages.
It is now the property of the government of the Netherlands and is listed in the top 100 Dutch heritage sites.
Angels Camp Museum is located on 3 acres of the original land claim for Angels Mine, which dates back to the 1850s.
After the end of the war, the objects were brought back into the undamaged original building.
It was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1962.
Bletchley Park was the central site for British codebreakers during World War II.
the history and archeological museum, containing rich collections of Gallo-Roman finds — extension works to the museums in the 1930s revealed the vestiges of Gallo-Roman baths;
The Anglo-Boer War Museum in Bloemfontein is the only museum in the world dedicated solely to the Anglo-Boer Wars of 1899 to 1902.
It opened in June 1986 and occupies the stable block of the former King’s Head Inn.
The building of the museum was designed by Claudio Nardi and it was inspired by neomodern architecture.
Museum de Fundatie forms part of the Hannema-de Stuers Foundation, to which Kasteel het Nijenhuis in Heino also belongs.
Today, the monastery serves as the General Motherhouse of the Ursuline Sisters of the Canadian Union.
A cuneiform inscription testifies that the city was built by Argishti I the King of Urartu in 782 BCE.
Obinitsa museum is a local museum, opened in 1995 in Obinitsa in Estonia.
Today the brickyard is a historical museum that demonstrates the production of bricks.
Honorary Fellowship of the Society is awarded for distinguished service in the field of chemistry.
The natural history collections have 750,000 records of specimens almost exclusively from BC and neighbouring states, provinces, or territories.
Indeed, the architects drew their inspiration for this work from the main rose window at the local 13th century Gothic cathedral, Santa María de León.
Personal effects from generals Andranik Ozanyan and Drastamat Kanayan are among the highlights of the exhibit as well.
Walter Beecroft was a solicitor in nearby Leigh.
The palace was the residence of the bishops of Torcello.
A library focusing on ethnic and cultural history
In addition to over 850 motorcycles, which cover a century of motorcycle manufacture, the museum has conference facilities.
The museum opened September 24, 2016, in a ceremony led by U.S. President Barack Obama.
The centre attempts to enhance public understanding of science and spread scientific literacy.
The DCS has established itself as a leader in the region of unique and engaging educational experiences.
Various items of historical significance relating to the ports of the country, it's maritime industry and the ocean around Sri Lanka are on display.
The Museum of Innovation and Science is a museum and planetarium located in Schenectady, New York.
In the 1930s, half of the Sweden’s shoe manufacturers were located in Örebro County.
Backwoods Gallery is a contemporary art gallery located in the Melbourne suburb of Collingwood, Australia.
It sits on three acres on the coast of Ogunquit, Maine, at 543 Shore Road, and houses over 1,600 pieces in its permanent collection.
The house-museum, exhibits a collection of the Alexandropol social life characteristics, from the 19th century up to the 1920s.
After his death it was formally inaugurated as a museum on 13 July 1968 by Tharwat Okasha, the Egyptian Minister of Culture.
The museum collection also includes numerous historic photographs, archival materials and reference texts.
Hart House is organized into standing committees composed of students and faculty, and is governed by a similarly composed board of stewards and the warden.
Machine Project was founded by Mark Allen in 2004 and incorporated as a non-profit in 2005.
Until the sale is completed, the park will be closed to the public.
The dry dock was used for the repair and service of ships for over 100 years.
Various contributions were made for further development of the cultural tourism.
These copies can be accessed directly from the shelves and can be photocopied.
The Society of Arts and Crafts, is America's oldest arts and craft nonprofit organization, originally located on Newbury Street in Boston, Massachusetts.
Currently, the collection includes over 50,000 items.
Fortaleza San Luis is located near the Yaque del Norte River in southwest Santiago de los Caballeros, Dominican Republic.
The museum exhibits a range of architectural items, including marble slabs, ancient bas relief, stuccos and ancient tools.
Over the last 10 years the museum has concentrated on the augmentation, preservation and study of historical relics and the cultural heritage of the Ukrainian people.
The Orhan Kemal Literature Museum is a literary museum and archive in Istanbul, Turkey dedicated to Turkish literature, and named after novelist Orhan Kemal.
It is one of the Berlin State Museums institutions and is funded by the Prussian Cultural Heritage Foundation.
The nearby Fernbank Museum of Natural History is a private non-profit organization that is separate from the Science Center.
ToonSeum is one of three museums dedicated to cartoon art in the United States.
It is located in the suburb of Bull Creek in Perth, Western Australia.
They are also exploring a wide range of opportunities for items from the Collection to be exhibited in other locations.
It is located at 405 Perry Road and is open seasonally from May 1 to November 11.
The resources are bilingual; available in both French and English.
The Museum of Fine Arts of Córdoba is a museum founded in 1844 in Córdoba.
It functions under the Ministry of Culture, Government of India.
The museum is housed in the building formerly occupied by the Chandler Vintage Museum of Transportation and Wildlife.
They believed the potential exhibits and programs developed could appeal to all ages and stages of learners.
There are also audio samples and photographs presented.
The Town Hall and the Museum are run by the Ilchester Town Trust.
The museum also displays the Borobudur architecture and structure, also the documentation of restoration project conducted between 1975 and 1982 under UNESCO guidance.
Gallery 1C03 engages diverse communities through the development and presentation of contemporary and historical art exhibitions and related programming initiatives.
The idea for the museum was conceived in 1995.
The Museum of Vojvodina is an art and natural history museum in Novi Sad, Serbia.
The building was used in the opening chase sequence of the 1985 film The Goonies.
The Somerset Military Museum is part of the Museum of Somerset located in the 12th century great hall of Taunton Castle, in Taunton, Somerset.
The building was built in 1894 with a large addition added in 1910.
Regular craft demonstrations and talks on farming are held, as are activities for children and families.
It is administered by Coordinadora para el Estudio y la Protección de las Especies Marinas and holds the association's cephalopod collections together with other marine exhibits.
Programs are occasionally conducted in Oriya, Tamil and Gujarati, as well.
It is part of the Ankara Railway Museum, which consists of also Ankara Railway History Museum, Atatürk's Car and Railway Art Museum.
Founded in 1995, it has collections in skiing, mining Sun Valley, sheep, and Hemingway.
The Turks and Caicos National Museum is the national museum of the Turks and Caicos Islands.
Close to 1,20,000 school children alone participate in the activities of the Centre.
The neighboring Riverwalk Theatre and Michigan Museum of Surveying also occupy buildings of the former factory.
The National Museum of Anthropology is a national museum of Mexico.
They were installed in traditional Chinese layered fashion and consolidated with mortar.
The garden, considered a roadside attraction with novelty architecture, includes roaming peafowl and a museum with a gift shop that sells rocks.
The Royal Montreal Regiment is a Primary Reserve Infantry regiment of the Canadian Army based in Westmount, Montreal, Quebec.
It is the only museum in the Netherlands dedicated to Jewish history.
The building was designed by architect Louis I. Kahn and is widely recognized as one of the most significant works of architecture of recent times.
The collection spans vintage cars, miniature vehicles and model railways, but the three cores to the collection are:
It housed over 5,000 objects and documents related to games.
Pieter Teyler was a wealthy cloth merchant and banker of Scottish descent, who bequeathed his fortune for the advancement of religion, art, and science.
The initiative was by Jess Castellote, a Spanish architect, and the Virtual museum is managed by Akinyemi Adetunji.
Founded in 1951 as the "California Museum of Science and Industry", the Museum was remodeled and renamed in 1998 as the "California Science Center".
The museum is supported and maintained by the National Association of Chiefs of Police.
It hosts temporary exhibitions on the third floor, while the permanent collections are on the fourth floor.
Highlights of the museum include excellent collections of Spain's two greatest 20th-century masters, Pablo Picasso and Salvador Dalí.
The organization's administrative offices are currently located in Century City and the museum will reopen its doors to the public in Fall 2017.
Spanish Vice Consul in Punta Arenas gave the entrepreneur the prize "Hispanic Identity" for the building of the Nao Victoria Replica.
Also, the Museum is home to the only full-dome planetarium on the Central Coast, a research library, and the John & Peggy Maximus Art Gallery.
ArtBakery is specifically designed to technically support the production of multimedia artworks, video and digital art.
The museum is operated by the Sandy Ground Historical Society and its annual festival is a celebration of black history, culture and freedom.
It is one of the oldest museums in China.
On the exposition are old collections of objects from around the Mediterranean and artifacts from the 20th century excavations of the fortress and its surrounding.
Segall’s family opened the museum in 1967 to showcase the work of the artist.
The collection dates from 1878 until 1985.
Imperial War Museum North is a museum in the Metropolitan Borough of Trafford in Greater Manchester, England.
Other branches of The North Carolina Museum of History include:
Their corpses were later burned in neighbouring buildings.
The museum closed in July 2010.The last day of operation was Sunday, July 11.
No Name Fever: AIDS in the age of globalization
The two buildings are part of the same bloc.
The museum presents the history of the old maritime country Estonia in a modern visual language.
The museum has the largest collection of historical aircraft in Queensland and it also has a large collection of aircraft engines, equipment, artefacts, photographs and books.
The site was sold to a private company in 1960.
The National Archaeological Museum of Florence is an archaeological museum in Florence, Italy.
He died in the house in 1861; His wife and three daughters stayed in the house for another ten years.
Entry is free for citizens of the European Union.
This is the first international standard art cafe in the city of Kollam.
The museum exhibits also thousands of photo albums, cameras, objectives and other objects connected with the history of photography.
The Museum is the first children's museum to receive a three Green Globes certification for green building and LEED certification.
The second class for 2010 included seven former conference greats.
Custom and Bespoke includes a 1941 Chevrolet 1/2 ton Custom Pick Up and a 1958 split screen Morris Minor van
Columbus Lighthouse is a monument located in Santo Domingo Este, Dominican Republic, in tribute to Christopher Columbus.
The Ethnographic Museum of Tripoli is a museum located in Tripoli, Libya.
In 2010 an extension building was added to the museum.
Because it was used as a warehouse after it was no longer needed for military purposes, it was better preserved than other parts of the fort.
The Andy Warhol Museum is located on the North Shore of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in the United States.
The permanent collection specialises in textile fibre art.
The current museum building, 5 kilometres south of Trento and adjacent to the Trento Airport, was opened on 3 October 1992.
Since 1970, Eckley has been owned and operated as a museum by the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission.
King Carl XVI Gustaf of Sweden was present at the museum's founding and at its move to its new home.
The Ny Carlsberg Glyptotek is an art museum in Copenhagen, Denmark.
IGFA is headquartered, along with the IGFA Fishing Hall of Fame & Museum, in Dania Beach, Florida.
The Museum is located immediately south of the Calgary International Airport.
Institute is located in a historical building of the former Empress Alexandra Russian Muslim Boarding School for Girls established by H.Z.Taghiyev on Istiglaliyyat Street.
It was "built as a cultural center for Seoulites."
The Brigham Young University Museum of Peoples and Cultures, located in Provo, Utah, is the university's museum of archaeology and ethnology.
This historic museum comprises two galleries, where historical artifacts and a good number of photographs are preserved befittingly.
The campus is also home to nature trails and the Fred C. Edwards conservatory, a subtropical plant conservatory.
Opened in 1991 in a building designed by Gwathmey Siegel & Associates Architects, the museum focuses on contemporary art through exhibits and art education.
The Richard Allen Cultural Center seeks to preserve these pieces of Leavenworth, Kansas history so that they are not forgotten.
The Dorset Teddy Bear Museum is a teddy bear museum in Dorchester, Dorset, southern England.
Over 10,000 bottles were saved and a collection of half a million documents were also saved.
There are also samples relating to decorative schemes Briggs was involved with, and his 'Sulphur-crested Cockatoos' mosaic.
M Shed, the new Museum of Bristol has been created on the site, keeping the same façade and many of the exhibits.
The Beaumont Art League is the oldest non-profit art organization in the Beaumont, Texas area.
It is dedicated to the memory of the airmen from the British Commonwealth Air Training Plan, who trained at World War II air stations across Canada.
It is located in the centre of the capital of Azerbaijan, not far from the Fountains Square and near the entrance of Icheri Sheher.
The project to establish the center was led by the Oregon Rail Heritage Foundation, a non-profit organization established in 2002.
The building reopened as the Malay Heritage Centre in 2004 after construction works were completed.
Located in downtown Atlanta, Georgia, the museum opened to the public on June 23, 2014.
The Titanic Museum Attraction is a museum located in Branson, Missouri on 76 Country Boulevard.
It began operations as a guesthouse in 2003, a year after the 2002 FIFA World Cup held by South Korea and Japan.
The Ukrainian National Chornobyl Museum is a history museum in Kiev, Ukraine, dedicated to the 1986 Chernobyl disaster and its consequences.
The Bahawalpur Museum was established in 1974. this is a museum of archaeology,ethnology, art, heritage, of traditional and modern history.
The Historical Museum of Aruba is a historical museum in the city of Oranjestad in Aruba.
Its interiors were intricately decorated in the Russian Revival style by such artists as Viktor Vasnetsov, Henrik Semiradsky, and Ivan Aivazovsky.
The gallery is part of the Queensland Cultural Centre.
The school was built in 1848, when it was known as the Ward School.
The museum has been a public institution since 1934, marking its 80th anniversary in 2014.
The main building is located in Andreasgasse 7 in the 7th Vienna district of Neubau.
The holdings consist of some 35,000 library items, and approximately 350,000 photographs, prints, drawings, paintings, and other artifacts.
The Military Technical Museum Lešany is a museum of military vehicles located in the Czech Republic about 20 kilometers south of Prague.
It was established on 20 December 1982.
In 2012 the museum began moving to its new location on Massachusetts Avenue in Washington D.C.
The three storeys inside the elephant contain antiquities and priceless collections of ancient religious objects belonging to Khun Lek Viriyapant who is the museum owner.
The museum was founded in 1948 by teacher Ladislav Báča.
Most of the works presented are related to sports as subjects of art.
The three operational steam locomotives are stored securely under cover within the main railway works.
It is one of only 61 installations worldwide and the only one in southwest Michigan.
Several artist members are chosen by the gallery to spend one day together painting outside in the city.
The museum's main artifact is the USS Iowa, lead ship of the Iowa class of battleships.
The museum houses items from the development of Las Vegas as well as the natural history of the area.
The building is being designed by Foster + Partners.
The Canby Depot Museum is a railway and local history museum in Canby, Oregon and housed in the former Canby Depot building.
The Guild was formed in 1979 and is the national organisation representing quilt makers throughout the country.
The museum also displays the equipment utilized in the design and manufacture of signs.
The World Rugby Museum in the East Stand of Twickenham Stadium formerly opened as ‘The Museum of Rugby’ in 1996.
The architects chosen to design the new building were Edouard Bérard and Fernand Etienne-Charles Delmas from Paris.
The Diocesan Museum of Milan is an art museum in Milan housing a permanent collection of sacred artworks, especially from Milan and Lombardy.
It contains exhibits related to the military in the Pacific theater of World War II with a focus on the U.S. Marines.
A newly renovated Living Tree House which features live turtles, frogs, and mice, which opened in September 2010.
This museum was established in 2004 when two local museums merged.
The permanent collection of the museum represents major movements in art from the Nineteenth Century to the present.
The museum's first painting was donated in 1883 and its collection consists of over 65,000 works.
A large collection of scale models gives a wider perspective to the whole field of aviation.
The Alexander House is an art gallery and local history museum in Port Edwards, Wisconsin, in the United States.
It was renamed the Chicago History Museum in September 2006.
The high school moved to new quarters in 1931, at which time the building was renamed Paris Gibson Junior High School.
Currently, the museum is closed for renovation.
In 1944, Joseph Stalin said in a speech that artillery was "the God of War".
The Royal Tropical Institute, Dutch: Koninklijk Instituut voor de Tropen is a foundation located in Amsterdam, The Netherlands, that studies tropical cultures worldwide.
Historic Markers have become a major way to inform the public and tourists of local history.
History House is currently closed as it plans to move to a new location in 2017 at 3400 Stone Way N. in the Fremont neighborhood.
In 2013, the museum had record attendance with over 100,000 visitors.
The museum houses rotating exhibits on the second floor.
Other exhibits include the Sauk and Fox Tribe, riverboat pilots, area pioneers, as well as area history and culture.
Glasgow Science Centre is a visitor attraction located in the Clyde Waterfront Regeneration area on the south bank of the River Clyde in Glasgow, Scotland.
A private company operates a 1939 WACO open cockpit biplane which offers rides.
The museum is housed in a former US Navy blimp hangar, called "Hangar B", which is the largest clear-span wooden structure in the world.
Cedar Creek Gallery is a fine craft gallery located in Creedmoor, North Carolina.
Set in the surroundings of the Cathedral Close, the museum faces the west front of Salisbury Cathedral.
The Åland Museum & Åland Art Museum is a museum in Mariehamn in the Åland Islands, Finland.
The museum can only be accessed by the south as the airport blocks the north.
There are more than 240 cars and commercial vehicles, 100 motorcycles, 200 bicycles.
It is now a Parks Canada museum dedicated to the history of this strategic location as a departure and arrival point for fur trading expeditions.
Local and regional artefacts from antique Magnesia, Sardes and other regional towns are displayed.
1929 Ford Model A Touring Right Hand Drive
In addition to exhibition spaces, the War Museum has an amphitheatre, a multi-purpose hall and well-stocked library of writings on history and war.
The GAHM is sponsored by several German and American organizations.
Pretend City aims to “build better brains” through purposeful play, hands-on learning experiences, role playing, and educational programming.
The museum is mainly dedicated to Spanish art.
The museum houses the archive of the work of the local artist John Chubb.
The house was originally built in the colonial style, and was much bigger than it is today.
The museum opened in 1996, and a new wing was completed in 2006.
The 99s Museum of Women Pilots is a non-profit museum that seeks to preserve the unique history of women in aviation.
"Paskoyac" was also an old name for the Saskatchewan River.
The museum was opened in 1998 as the Peabody Place Museum and in January 2007 it received its present name.
The displays are complemented by equipment and paraphernalia from the respective time periods, such as old petrol pumps and signs.
The museum opened to the public in September 2015.
Science Factory is a museum and science center located at Sandnes, in Rogaland, Norway.
Musée National Boubou Hama is the national museum of Niger, located in Niamey.
Lincoln Park Conservatory is a Victorian Era glass house, built in late nineteenth century.
The institute is receiving donations from an Indian origin industrial family since 2006.
Intersection's reading series is the longest continuous reading series outside of an academic institution in the state of California.
The Hauck House Museum is an Italianate mansion located in the Dayton Street Historic District in the Old West End Neighborhood of Cincinnati, Ohio.
He raised funds to hire student staff to run the day-to-day operations of the museum under his supervision.
The museum is located on a 15-acre site alongside Highway 8 and the Southwest Miramichi River.
It had local offices in New York City, Boston, Boca Raton, Chicago, Los Angeles, and Dallas.
The Railway Museum in Utrecht is the Dutch national railway museum.
The Jakarta History Museum, also known as Fatahillah Museum or Batavia Museum, is located in the Old Town of Jakarta, Indonesia.
Between 1934 and 1939 they were excavated and reconstructed in a four-acre site in Washington Heights, in a large project overseen by the architect Charles Collens.
The Hall aims to celebrate and highlight the achievements of top Canadian soccer players as well as 'builders' of the sport of soccer in Canada.
The Fundación Yannick y Ben Jakober is located near Alcudia, Mallorca, Spain.
It tells the story of the leather trade in Walsall, charting the town's rise from a small market town into an international saddle-making centre.
The Skowhegan School of Painting and Sculpture is an artists residency located in Skowhegan, Maine.
The complex is in a neighborhood, which is rich in historical buildings like the Tarsus Grand Mosque and St. Paul's Church.
Kingman is a member museum of the Association of Science-Technology Centers and participates in the membership passport program.
Since the death of founding director Heinrich Klotz, the ZKM has been directed by Prof. Peter Weibel.
'Holy Family with St. Ivan', by Cesare Gennari
All programs were created, developed and implemented by Margaret Chew Barringer, under the auspices of the Pennsylvania Council on the Arts.
The SR-71A Blackbird on display is the current record holder for flight airspeed.
It was created in 1957 by the Alberta Amateur Athletic Union.
The central section was designed to Scott's intention by David MacKenzie, with the Eastern Galleries by William Alexander.
After limited reconstruction, in 1926 ownership was transferred to heritage charity The National Trust.
The museum is housed in the two-storey Procession Kiosk, a 19th-century historic building on the outer walls of Gülhane Park that belongs to Topkapı Palace.
The Depot Museum is perhaps best known for its replica of the Ezekiel Airship, which it acquired in 2001.
Reading Museum is a museum of the history of the town of Reading, in the English county of Berkshire, and the surrounding area.
The museum sits on a hill overlooking the Morro Bay estuary, midway between Los Angeles and San Francisco, with a view of Morro Rock.
The museum is situated in the south of the historic city center between Kornmarkt and Frauentormauer along the medieval city wall.
Polly Woodside is open for visitors Saturday and Sundays, 10am-4pm and each day of the school holidays in Victoria.
The Chemical Heritage Foundation is an institution that preserves and promotes understanding of the history of science.
This included the addition of 17 marble fireplaces, a ballroom, a carved mahogany staircase, and wrap-around porches.
The Planetarium of Rheims is the second oldest planetarium of France.
The main floor showcases the products of the companies that comprise the Kohler family of businesses.
The Asia Pacific Foundation of Canada, created by an Act of Parliament in 1984, is an independent, not-for-profit think-tank on Canada's relations with Asia.
Bailey died shortly before Houston, and the house was inherited by his son Frank.
With its white marble exterior and soaring palladium windows, the building is one of the most architecturally significant in downtown Hagerstown.
It was the first portrait gallery in the world when it opened in 1856.
It is located near Spike Island in Widnes, Cheshire, and next to the River Mersey.
The National Museum of Natural History is a natural history museum administered by the Smithsonian Institution, located on the National Mall in Washington, D.C., United States.
Established in 1994, their members have since amassed a large number of unique devices designed and built by Australians.
The Children's Museum of Virginia is the largest children's museum in the state of Virginia.
The vision for the museum and music center is to preserve and promote mountain and Bluegrass music with workshops, seminars, and conventions.
The Swedish Heritage Center is a museum of Swedish memorabilia located at 301 N. Charde in Oakland, Nebraska.
Its premises are in an ancient oil mill, which worked till the 1960s.
A Northern Division has also been formed based at the Broadmeadow Locomotive Depot.
Belonging to the Anglo-Saxon period, it was part of the much wider tradition of burial in Early Anglo-Saxon England.
Fort Richelieu was part of a series of five forts built along the Richelieu River and is at the mouth of the Richelieu River.
The Evolution of Education Museum is situated on Highway #2 South in Prince Albert, Saskatchewan, Canada.
It houses the collections of Frans Jacob Otto Boijmans and Daniël George van Beuningen.
"To collect, preserve, interpret, and display the artifacts and history of the information age."
A major commitment of the Holocaust Museum Houston is the educational program.
Its construction was supported by the Roberto Marinho Foundation and cost approximately 230 million reais.
The Cullman County Museum is a historical museum located in downtown Cullman, Alabama, on the corner of Arnold St. and 2nd Ave. N.E.
It also has offices in Thomas Graham House in Cambridge where RSC Publishing is based.
The first pencil factory in Keswick opened in 1832.
In the decade since its founding, Chapel Hill Museum averaged over 20,000 visitors a year and provided education programs to over 3,500 local students a year.
Built 1913, the shops were part of more extensive servicing facilities on the Canada Southern Railway.
In 2012, the museum had 25,000 visitors.
Sainte-Marie Among the Hurons was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1920.
Hougue is a Jèrriais/Norman language word meaning a "mound" and comes from the Old Norse word haugr.
Until December 2011 the Museum occupied the former Birmingham Corporation Tramways' Witton Tram Depot, in the Aston district of Birmingham, England, run by a registered charity.
The castle has a richly decorated and furnished interior, and houses a collection of works of art.
The Bucerius Kunst Forum is an international exhibition centre in Hamburg, Germany; founded in 2002 through the ZEIT-Stiftung Ebelin und Gerd Bucerius foundation.
In 2009 a new information centre was opened in the building alongside the museum, providing an introduction to the environmental research going on in the area.
Admission is free to local residents but an entry fee is charged to visitors.
The Park has two operating seasons: the Historical Village is open from May to October; Gasoline Alley Museum is open year-round.
Its current home was built in 2006 in the South Boston Seaport District and designed by architects Diller Scofidio + Renfro.
In the 21st century, the studio's facilities were restored and re-purposed as a museum.
The Shilpgram Museum is a craft village, situated near Ramsinghpura village, 9 km from Sawai Madhopur.
The other significant stone sculptures in the museum are the royal court, the Kavata sculptures, Kuvera Triod, Sculptures of Kinnaras and figures of dwarves.
It was opened in 2001 and located on Garegin Nzhdeh street.
The museum holds collections on history, weaponry, decorative arts and archeology.
The museum is located at CFB Shearwater in Shearwater Nova Scotia.
The building of the Louis Vuitton Foundation, started in 2006, is an art museum and cultural center sponsored by the group LVMH and its subsidiaries.
At present, it includes six cultural and scientific sections, viz.
The museum also provides a programme of temporary exhibitions, music performances, creative workshops, family events, talks and lectures.
The museum is a not-for-profit gallery operated by Converging Arts Media Organization, a not-for-profit arts organization that promotes emerging American and international fusion artists.
A toy train offers rides around the premises on regular days.
Tod Swormstedt began working on the museum in 1999.
ACMS was registered and is a charitable institution which relies on memberships and donations to operate.
The collection has also 15 pieces from Eskişehir.
It later moved to the Ward County Historical Society at the North Dakota State Fairgrounds.
Pierre Boucher was the first Canadian settler to be ennobled by King Louis XIV.
The Marton Museum is Croatia's first private museum and specializes in 18th and 19th century European applied art.
This fort became linked to the Carlton Trail by a side route called Fort à la Corne Trail in the Saskatchewan Valley.
Oliver Cromwell was born in Huntingdon in 1599 and lived there for more than half his life.
During its first decade, the Contemporary had no fixed home, but instead was "dedicated to redefining the concept of the museum".
The southern wing was completed in 1930.
The Museum includes a wide variety of exhibits ranging from the 18th Century to the present day.
The BELvue Museum is a museum in Brussels, Belgium that focuses on the history of Belgium.
Expeditions to China in the 20th century unearthed numerous unique paleontological treasures.
The David and Alfred Smart Museum of Art is an art museum located on the campus of the University of Chicago in Chicago, Illinois.
Kasagala Archaeological Museum is a site museum located at Kasagala, Sri Lanka.
The California Surf Museum's permanent time line of surfboards includes wooden boards from the early 1900s to today's modern boards.
The museum has partnerships with other organizations such as the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra and Indianapolis Public Library.
With its new industrialized building procedures and its use of iron construction, the museum plays an important role in the history of technology.
The museum is maintained by the Department of National Museums.
The teaching mission of the UIMA embraces the curriculum of the University of Iowa and extends throughout the state.
It originated in the collection of Joe Pavek, who began squirreling away unique radios while he was an instructor at Dunwoody Institute in 1946.
It is run by The Wimbledon Society, staffed by volunteers and open at the weekends from 2:30 to 5:00pm.
It houses the State's art collection consisting of over 17,000 works of art including c3,000 Indigenous works.[2].
Tennessee State Museum is a large museum in Nashville depicting the history of the U.S. state of Tennessee.
The Head of the Courtauld Gallery is Ernst Vegelin.
Fordcroft was a mixed inhumation and cremation ceremony.
Also, the name did not accurately reflect the museum's aim or purpose.
Transdisciplinary, International, Dynamic and Open are key elements of ESMoA’s DNA.
Construction of the new location began in November 1972.
This “mini-Smithsonian” is rich with arts, natural sciences and local history.
It is well known for its giant three-headed elephant art display.
The museum was designed by Isle of Wight architects Rainey Petrie Johns in the shape of a giant pterosaur.
The museum is located in Thaikkattussery, near Ollur in Thrissur in Kerala, India.
Sometimes several activities such as conferences, workshops and exhibitions about ancient civilizations, mythology, history etc.
The museum contains a major collection of large diesel pumping engines which have all been restored to working order.
Various events and temporary exhibitions were held throughout its history.
The Museo Archeologico di Monasterace is a museum in Monasterace, southern Italy.
The Mississippi Museum of Natural Science is located in Jackson and is the largest museum in the state of Mississippi.
The activities of the Feodosia Museum of Money are aimed at the study and popularization of the knowledge relating to coin-striking in Feodosia.
The Museum of Maritime Science is a marine science museum located in Higashiyashio, Shinagawa, Tokyo on Odaiba, Japan.
The museum reopened as the Great North Museum: Hancock in May 2009 following a major extension and refurbishment of the original Victorian building.
One of the focuses is the work of ivory carvers in the Odenwald area in the 19th and 20th centuries, for example Jan Holschuh.
The museum boasts two lobbies – the impressive Cantilever Entrance and the glass and metal Atrium Lobby.
Notable features of the museum include artefacts from Blake's life including his sea chest.
It' establishment was funded by a Jain businessman and hence was named after their deity Mahavira.
The museum is on the waterfront at 801 Old Water Street in Tampa’s Channelside District.
A replica of Jikji, the world’s oldest existing book published by movable metal type, create during the Goryeo Dynasty in 1377
The Museum has two dependencies, the Ensorhuis in Ostend, and the Permekemuseum in Jabbeke.
Museum Sang Nila Utama is a heritage museum in Pekanbaru, Indonesia.
When the commercial gallery was converted to a private, nonprofit museum, the restaurant took the name of the former gallery, The Egg and The Eye.
As of April 2014 the museum remains closed until further notice.
As of the spring of 2011, a new board was in place which was holding community meetings to broaden discussions of the museum's future.
Pier 21 became a museum in 1999, and officially became a National Museum of Canada in 2011.
A few days after the storm the museum was broken into at night and vandalised.
It is managed by the Spanish National Research Council.
These works include painting, sculpture, drawing, print, photography, cinema, new media, architecture, and design.
In August 2014, the College Football Hall of Fame and Chick-fil-A Fan Experience opened in downtown Atlanta, Georgia.
Planetorium site is 100m from the city bus stand and 2.5 km from the railway station.
Some of the best pieces found in excavations are limestone/marble carvings, depicting animals, plants and even human sculptures.
The Aivazovsky National Art Gallery is a national art museum in Feodosia, Crimea.
The Museum of the Liberation of Rome is located in a small building at Via Tasso 145, Rome, close to the basilica of St. John Lateran.
One display includes prints of original photographic plate negatives donated to the museum, called the Black Dignity Photos from the Mary Everhard collection.
The hall is located in the center of Malmö, Sweden.
Alderney Society Museum is the only museum in Alderney in the Channel Islands.
The institution is run by a membership of almost four hundred recognized artists and holds multiple exhibitions each year.
The regimental dress uniform has buttons in pairs, similar to the Coldstream Guards, with a red plume worn on the left side of the bearskin.
Entry to the Museum is free for students under 18.
The Ningbo Museum, also known as the Yinzhou Museum or the Ningbo Historic Museum, is a museum in the city of Ningbo in Zhejiang Province, China.
The Asturian Pavilion from the 1992 Universal Exposition of Seville, installed at the museum in 1994
The Rosenbach is located within two 19th-century townhouses at 2008 and 2010 Delancey Place in Philadelphia.
It has two storeys in addition a basement, all covering 20,000 m2.
Firstly, the postal museum was functioned at the Central Telegraph Office during 1918–1925, and moved to General Post Office in 1994.
In July 2002, the city sold the building to the Centre for International Governance Innovation for $2.5 million.
It houses and displays machinery and artifacts of the industrial revolution from the nineteenth and twentieth centuries.
The museum is situated near Varyant street on Halil Rifat Paşa mah 31, Konak
The Museum publishes numerous art collections, and art publications every year.
The 12e Régiment blindé du Canada's abbreviation is 12e RBC.
The two sites are located within approximately 8 kilometres of one another, and are connected by the Marconi Trail.
The most famous are the Bates fountains, the Schiller monument, and the Shakespeare monument.
It was Bourdelle's active studio from 1885-1929.
The original purpose of the collection, donated by Dr. Thomas Dent Mütter in 1858, was for biomedical research and education.
However, the talks failed to produce an agreement to combine the two institutions.
The Brooks Museum, which was founded in 1916, is the oldest and largest art museum in the state of Tennessee.
Steamtown, U.S.A., was a steam locomotive museum that ran steam excursions out of North Walpole, New Hampshire, and Bellows Falls, Vermont, from the 1960s to 1983.
It has been classed as a monument historique since 1944.
It is located at the site of the no-longer functional Kraków-Rakowice-Czyżyny Airport.
It is adjacent to a reconstruction of the Lawson Site, a 16th-century pre-contact Neutral Iroquoian village.
It contains a number of important institutions including the National Auditorium, the Museo de los Niños, the National Gallery and a number of others.
It is also one of the largest art museums in North America.
The museum was moved to Hyvinkää in 1974.
CaixaForum Barcelona is an art gallery in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.
It was originally known as the Laurentian University Museum and Art Centre, or LUMAC, and adopted its current name in 1997.
The house was converted to a museum and opened to visitors on June 15, 1942 as Atatürk Revolution Museum.
Any missing items were replaced with furniture from Kemal’s mausoleum and from Topkapi Palace in Istanbul.
Established in 1899 as the Washington State Museum, it traces its origins to a high school naturalist club formed in 1879.
Museum Fodor is a former art museum in Amsterdam in the Netherlands.
Visitors are also catered to by an entrance hall, a cafeteria and a gift shop.
The Inukshuk was built using stone from Nunavut, The Northwest Territories and British Columbia.
The interior works were additionally designed by architect R. Legzdiņš.
It was used as a depository for historical artifacts made by the Kandy Art Association which was established in 1832 and artisans of Matale.
The Belarusian Great Patriotic War Museum is a museum in Minsk, Belarus.
The Kigali Genocide Memorial commemorates the 1994 genocide against the Tutsi.
The museum also hosts events like temporary exhibitions of technological art as well as jazz concerts during the Bursa International Festival.
It is 38 kilometers north from Chengdu and 26 kilometers south from Deyang.
Musée Patamécanique is a private museum located in the Historical District of Bristol, Rhode Island.
The Aldrich Contemporary Art Museum is a contemporary art museum located in Ridgefield, Connecticut.
Museum displays cover from the prehistoric times to 20th century.
It was agreed that the funding for the building should be provided by the inhabitants of Dundee.
It houses exhibits to inform and educate on the role of Navy Underwater Demolition Teams and Sea, Air, Land teams.
Housed in 1956 in the Lone Star Brewery, the collection passed to Friedrich's heirs who had it moved to its current location.
There are three open-concept galleries on the main floor, including a central clerestory gallery.
Covering 5600 square feet, the Museum features six different thematic galleries all relating to the National Guard of the United States:
Kington Museum is a volunteer-run local history museum in the market town of Kington, Herefordshire, England.
For this purpose, the museum displays a family tree that shows all the models ever produced by the company.
The permanent exhibition starts with the first humanoids in the region, the Neanderthals.
The Gerhard Marcks Museum or Gerhard Marcks House is a museum in Bremen, Germany, inspired by the work of the sculptor and graphic artist Gerhard Marcks.
The museum is located at site of the original Cobb and Co coaching stables.
The gallery became the third museum in the Russian Empire, after the Hermitage Museum and the Tretyakov Gallery.
The Gibraltar Museum is a national museum of history, culture and natural history located within the city centre of the British overseas territory of Gibraltar.
Martin was there to see Lawren Harris' oil on canvas painting called From the North Shore, Lake Superior, c. 1927.
On 17 May 2014, the museum was announced as the winner of the 2014 European Museum of the Year Award.
Their objective was to provide supplemental enrichment to students in their classrooms and asked the community to come forth with ideas.
The museum represents the cultural antecedents of the Bolivian people from the pre-Columbian era.
The museum has endeavoured to preserve Indonesia's heritage for two centuries.
The Musée d'art contemporain de Montréal is a contemporary art museum in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
The Académie remained at the Louvre for 100 years.
The California Natural Resources Agency oversees the California Science Center and the California African American Museum.
The Mount Dora Center for the Arts is located at 138 East Fifth Avenue, Mount Dora, Florida.
The museum is owned by the Foundation of Aviation Museum of Central Finland.
It is housed in the Grade II listed, neo-gothic former Oozells Street Board School, designed by John Henry Chamberlain in 1877.
The Museum of Contemporary Photography was founded in 1976 by Columbia College Chicago.
Founded in 1969, the museum hosts a large permanent collection of West Coast artists of the 20th and 21st century.
The Canadian Canoe Museum is a museum dedicated to canoes located in Peterborough, Ontario, Canada.
Imperial War Museums is a British national museum organisation with branches at five locations in England, three of which are in London.
On February 16, 2015, the museum closed to the public for renovation.
The Richard Allen Cultural Center also contains a Ku Klux Klan costume and photographs depicting KKK activities in Leavenworth.
The Royal Canadian Regiment Museum is a military museum located at Wolseley Barracks in London, Ontario, Canada, the historic home of The Royal Canadian Regiment.
The Center sits atop a hill connected to a visitors' parking garage at the bottom of the hill by a three-car, cable-pulled hovertrain funicular.
Several special exhibitions are held in the museum every year, including touring exhibitions arranged with other museums in the United States and abroad.
It receives about 1.5 million visitors per year.
The foundation operating the museum also conducts classes in woodcarving and other native skills, and demonstrations of dance and basket weaving.
The Hunt County War Memorial was dedicated on the museum's grounds in 2004.
It is located in the heart of the northern city on Baron Street, adjacent to the famous Baron Hotel and near the Bab al-Faraj Clock Tower.
For the National Museum of Wales see National Roman Legionary Museum
Entry is free but donations are most welcome and go towards adding to and conserving the collections and maintaining the historic buildings.
Billings had moved to the area in 1812, and was the first settler in Gloucester Township.
The main areas of research by the scientists are the History and Technology of Mining, and the Documentation and Conservation of Cultural Artefacts.
The Museum of Applied Art is an art museum in Belgrade, Serbia.
The A.S. Popov Central Museum of Communications was founded in 1872 and is one of the oldest museums of science and technology in the world.
The Rotunda Museum is one of the oldest purpose-built museums still in use in the United Kingdom.
The museum closed on the 30th September 2015.
The museum also houses the Collezione Permanente, a collection of significant objects in contemporary Italian design.
Opened in April 1985, it is one of two museums in Wolfsburg devoted to the history of the Volkswagen brand; the other is at nearby Autostadt.
It has occupied different premises, first in North London, then the South Bank by the River Thames, and finally in Chelsea, its current location.
The South Yorkshire Aircraft Museum is located at Doncaster, South Yorkshire, England.
Fort Sainte Anne on Isle La Motte, Vermont in Lake Champlain is near its source.
A competition for the building's design was held, and architect Igor Franić's design was chosen out of 85 entries submitted.
Despite the bloody fighting and severe casualties on both sides, the Japanese defeat was assured from the start.
Museo Ferrari is a Ferrari company museum dedicated to the Ferrari sports car marque.
It opened in 1990 and focuses on the history of Dannewerk from the Viking Age to the present.
The Museum of Parliamentary Life aims to highlighted on the efforts exerted by the Hashemite leadership over the past decades in establishing and building Jordan.
The German Mining Museum in Bochum or DBM is one of the most visited museums in Germany with around 365,700 visitorsper year.
It is now rented from the National Trust.
The first locomotive donated to the museum was Charles, one of the three remaining steam locomotives working on the PQR.
The German government quietly urged the museum to accept the collection in order to provide a neutral place where research into its history could continue.
The museum has regular hours from the last weekend in June until Labour Day.
Long and Gillis W. Long, former State Representative Jimmy D. Long of Natchitoches, and on February 1, 2014, Rose McConnell Long.
In February 2000, the former Mahan's Station, rumored to be the oldest filling station in Illinois, was moved 21 miles to its current location at Fulgenzi's.
The Niagara Science Museum is a science museum established in Niagara Falls, New York in 2009.
They were deliberately chosen so that some were non-Jewish to allay anti-semitic fears.
The gallery received more than 440,000 visitors in its first year and was awarded the Art Fund’s Museum of the Year prize in 2015.
It is located near several archaeological sites, including rock art in the Franklin Mountains and Mogollon pueblo sites.
Together with other museums, such as the Stockholm Maritime Museum, the museum belongs to the Swedish National Maritime Museums.
The Morrison Natural History Museum is a natural history museum located in Morrison, Colorado.
The museum is located in the former Amstelhof, a classical style building from 1681.
The University of Iowa Athletics Hall of Fame is a sports history museum located in the Roy G. Karro Building in Iowa City, Iowa, U.S.
Abandoned in the Selkirk Slough in 1966, the MS Keenora was purchased from Marine Transport Navigation Company in 1972, by a group of twenty Selkirk businessmen.
Teddy Roosevelt and his Rough Riders were reputed to frequent the establishment.
It is located near the Washington State Ferries terminal, the Puget Sound Naval Shipyard, and the Bremerton Annex of Naval Base Kitsap.
Bolivia Municipal Museum is a museum located in Bolivia, Cuba.
Arts Tasmania is an agency of the Tasmanian State Government and is in the portfolio of the Tasmanian Minister for the Arts.
Musée Tomi Ungerer/Centre international de l’illustration is a museum in Strasbourg in the Bas-Rhin department of France.
The Robert O. Williams museum now contains over 7,000 crosses and crucifixes.
In 2014, the museum underwent 1.5 million dollars in renovations.
It reopened under its new name in September 2012.
It was established in 1888, having originally been conceived around 1850.
The museum is located in the Hutchinson Salt Company mine which began operation in 1923 as Carey Salt Company.
Multatuli is best known for his 1860 novel Max Havelaar, inspired by time spent in Indonesia while serving in the Dutch civil service.
The Mukden Palace, or Shenyang Imperial Palace, was the former imperial palace of the early Manchu-led Qing dynasty in China.
The College Basketball Experience is a 41,500-square-foot fan-interactive facility located downtown in Kansas City, Missouri, which includes the National Collegiate Basketball Hall of Fame.
The building stands on the city square named Domsheide.
The Museum enjoys more than 98,000 visits annually, through individual and family visits, programs, events and school field trips.
The National Soccer Hall of Fame is a private, non-profit institution established in 1979 that honors soccer achievements in the United States.
The Hotel and Restaurant Museum specializes in the history of Finnish hotels, restaurants, cafés, tourism and culinary culture.
The Occupation Museum is run by volunteers and the only revenue comes from ticket sales and donations from private individuals and organizations.
The museum's collection includes 4,000 items dating back to the 16th century.
The decision to establish a technical museum was made in 1908, construction of the building started in 1909 and the museum was opened in 1918.
The centre is located on the southwest corner of Coronation Park in the neighborhood of Woodcroft.
A new exhibition space, The Attic, opened in late 2015 after extensive refurbishment and restoration to the top floor.
Presseum is a compound word to denote "press" and "museum" which represents its character as a newspaper museum.
In June 2017, Dr Maria Balshaw stepped down as the director to take up her new role as the Director of Tate.
It was founded in 1960 in what had been a 15th-century Augustinian cloister.
It contains archeological objects from the Garamantian Kingdom.
The museum is housed in the Cambria Public Library Building.
The Natural History Museum of Utah is a museum located on the campus of the University of Utah in Salt Lake City, Utah, United States.
It has been vocally critical of the Donald Trump Administration.
It contains many activities meant to both amuse and educate young children.
It is operated by the Pan-Atlantic University in Lagos, Nigeria, the parent body of the Lagos Business School.
Dairy Art Centre is a public space for contemporary visual art in Bloomsbury, London.
The museum is located in Via Merulana 248, in the Rione Esquilino and displays artifacts in 14 rooms.
The Blackburn Museum and Art Gallery is the local museum service for the borough of Blackburn with Darwen Borough Council.
The Assam State Museum is located in the southern end of Dighali Pukhuri tank which is in the heart of Guwahati city, Assam.
The museum, which is run by volunteers, first opened in 2004 housed in temporary premises known as 'The Stables'.
Faculty curators for the collections are drawn from Yale's departments of Ecology and Evolutionary Biology, Geology and Geophysics, and Anthropology.
Not far from the museum is an exhibition and performance building called the Gedung Taman Budaya Riau.
The Asia Society is a non-profit organization that focuses on educating the world about Asia.
The Fralin Museum of Art is an art museum at the University of Virginia.
It is a part of the Illinois State Park Lodges and Cabins Thematic Resources.
The museum was established in 1882, and describes itself as the first and oldest war and military museum in Japan.
Virasat-e-Khalsa is a museum of Sikhism, located in the holy town, Anandpur Sahib, near Chandigarh, the capital of the state of Punjab.
The site is managed by Heritage Malta and is closed to the public for conservation.
It is dedicated to preserving the works of native author, storyteller, and journalist Kathryn Tucker Windham.
The iris grew well vegetatively for a year, but failed to flower.
The site is also known for the inclusion of a high status ship burial.
The museum retrofitted and expanded three existing historic buildings on the Presidio’s Main Post.
Government funding for a new planetarium was cancelled in 2011.
The Faure Museum is an art museum situated at Aix-les-Bains in France in the department of Savoie.
While he lived there he wrote many of his better known works.
It is one of only four Indiana art museums with an encyclopedic, world art collection.
This museum garnered international media attention when visited by the famous American celebrity Tom Cruise.
It was founded in 1983 to exhibit and support art, design and architecture.
The collection illustrates a thousand years of Polish military history - from the 10th century to the Second World War.
In 1877, after a Phoenician sarcophagus was found in the city's shipyard, the Archaeological Museum was founded.
The museum can be reached via public or private transport.
It was designated a National Historic Site in 1978, and has been a Federal Heritage Building since 1993.
The Aomori Dog by Yoshimoto Nara has become the museum’s iconic symbol.
The Norwegian National Museum of Justice, Norwegian: Norsk Rettsmuseum, is a public museum of penal justice and law enforcement in Trondheim, Norway.
The museum is a member of the London Museums of Health & Medicine.
The museum also owns 4 kilometres of low-impact nature trails in its Theodore Fouriezos Wetlands Park.
The American Advertising Museum was a museum in downtown Portland, Oregon, United States.
The museum's collection includes 50 surfboards including redwood and balsa boards designed by board builders including Reynolds Yater, as well as a collection of ukuleles.
The museum's stated mission is "To preserve and make available the maritime history of Hull and east Yorkshire through artefacts and documents".
The museum features Classical, Medieval, Renaissance, Baroque, Celtic and Asian art and artifacts in three distinct galleries totaling 2,700 square feet of space.
The Immigration Museum is a museum primarily displaying Australia's immigration history.
The Suquamish Museum is a museum located on the Port Madison Indian Reservation in Washington state.
Milestones is made up of a network of streets that have been recreated according to those found in Victorian and 1930s Hampshire.
Through collaboration with the University of Michigan's Digital Library Production Service, the Ypsilanti Historical Society Photo Archives has made hundreds of images available online.
In 1875 Edwin Ray Lankester added to the museum collection.
A good example is a painting of the Ukrainian folklore hero Cossack Mamay.
Constructed in 1842, the jail constitutes a tourist attraction in itself.
The institute derives its name from "Tarndanya", the Kaurna Aboriginal people's name for the Adelaide Plains area, meaning "place of the red kangaroo".
The museum is maintained by Department of Archaeology of Sri Lanka.
In 2011, during the celebration of MİT's 85th anniversary of foundation, it was learnt that the institution owns a spy museum.
The NSM is created by the Nova Scotia Museum Act, a provincial legislation.
The collections occupy a large complex of six historic buildings along Palace Embankment, including the Winter Palace, a former residence of Russian emperors.
The building is four stories high and is made of stone.
On December 6, 2008 the Archives donated 100,000 photos to the public, by making them accessible via Wikimedia Commons.
It opened on July 17, 1997, eleven years after the artist's death, and is located at 217 Johnson Street in Santa Fe, New Mexico, United States.
The museum was founded in 1984 as a not-for-profit organization.
The Remember Bhopal Museum is a museum in Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh, India that commemorates the Bhopal disaster.
Angus Folk Museum is a centre for agricultural history and rural life located near Forfar, Angus.
From the following day, they were placed on public display.
The state science and technology department has already sanctioned funds of around 38 Lakhs for the upcoming projects.
H.Mirzajamalov and I.M.Aghaoglu had a great role in creation of the museum.
Again, more than two decades had past before the new Display opened.
However, entrance is free of charge the first Thursday of every month for all visitors, and free daily for students and children.
The Rural Architecture Museum of Sanok is one of the biggest open-air museums in Poland.
The museum was named hamburgmuseum in 2006.
The mission of the NARM is to "preserve railroad history in North Alabama and South Central Tennessee."
2012: From Here to Eternity Susan Hiller
Today it remains the only tractor testing museum in the world.
The library contains pieces of Scenography, along with historical pictures and paintings.
Museum's archives include over 300,000 photographs, maps and architectural drawings.
The museum's mission is to educate all visitors, especially children, about the fur-trading heritage of greater Chicago and Will County in particular.
In 2010 an anonymous donor agreed to pay the rent on the building, removing earlier doubts about the future viability of the museum.
Around 20,000 pieces are present in its collection.
Twenty years later, in 1997, the Museu Barbier-Mueller d'Art Precolombí was inaugurated in Barcelona, Spain.
It was previously designated a Recognized Federal Heritage Building, in 1994.
World Museum is a large museum in Liverpool, England which has extensive collections covering archaeology, ethnology and the natural and physical sciences.
The Peabody Museum of Archaeology and Ethnology is a museum affiliated with Harvard University in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Through this visitors learn how to interact without sight by using their other senses, as well as experience what it is like to be blind.
The Great General DR. Abdul Haris Nasution Museum is a museum in Jakarta, Indonesia.
Highlights of the collection include two of his first major works, The First Communion, and Science and Charity.
The Museum also contains multiple flight simulators that anyone can utilize for a small fee.
The Biblioteca Livia Simoni, the museum's library, is situated at the II floor of the Museum.
The Australian Museum is the oldest museum in Australia, with an international reputation in the fields of natural history and anthropology.
It has locomotives from both the Canadian National Railways and Northern Alberta Railways.
It is in Central Croydon, London Borough of Croydon, England.
The Ceramic Bulletin is produced every two years by the university and it features news of activities including exhibitions, new acquisitions, research, awards and grants.
The museum holds collections on archeology, history, ethnology and natural sciences.
The Whitechapel Gallery is a public art gallery on the north side of Whitechapel High Street, in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets.
The museum was founded by Sakıp Sabancı, and was opened in June 2002.
Both instruments are "Mighty" Wurlitzers of 3 manuals and 8 ranks with specifications:
As of May 2009, the museum is no longer open to the public or located on the Fisher-Price campus, but is seeking a new location.
It also features a Japanese garden designed by Roy Sumi, a former supervisor of the Nitobe Memorial Garden at the University of British Columbia.
Today the National Museum has in its possession over 3,000 works of Bhutanese art, covering more than 1,500 years of Bhutan's cultural heritage.
The museum also has a viewing platform called CentreCourt360 allowing guests to sample the atmosphere of Centre Court, except for the period around The Championships.
The Museum of the Great Plains is a history museum located in Lawton, Oklahoma, USA.
As of 2008 it held 50 aircraft and 25 engines.
The Gold Coast Railroad Museum is located in Miami, Florida, adjacent to Zoo Miami.
Ashford Steam Centre was a short-lived railway museum at Willesborough, Ashford, Kent, United Kingdom.
The museum has a full-time scientific staff of 225, sponsors over 120 special field expeditions each year, and averages about five million visits annually.
It was established as museum on 18 March 1982.
The acquisition program is funded by private donations and matching grants from the Canada Council.
The museum is managed by the Pakistan Science Foundation, under the Ministry of Science and Technology.
Until 2008 the museum was known as the Somerset County Museum.
It is one of the UK's largest museum stores.
The museum was originally located in the Embajadores district of Madrid.
The museum collection includes 37,000 film titles, 60,000 posters, 700,000 photographs and 20,000 books.
In February 2014, Glenbow announced its new direction – to provide visitors with a new kind of art museum experience.
The Museum gains its name from the Hoods Tower an observation tower named after Vice-Admiral Sir Samuel Hood, Commander of the East Indies Station.
Bankfield Museum is a grade II listed historic house museum, incorporating a regimental museum and textiles gallery in Boothtown, Halifax, England.
In 1892, Tretyakov presented his already famous collection of approximately 2,000 works to the Russian nation.
In 1907, it was opened as the first Bach museum.
The museum collection is made up of more than 24,000 objects, dating from the third millennium BC to the present day.
In a special corner, trophies won by Tofaş in motorsport are on display.
It houses finds from the nearby Ephesus excavation site.
The PSU Museum is a university's funded unit, having equal status to a faculty.
It is maintained by the Department of National Museum of the central government.
The Marine Corps Legacy Museum was located on the northwest corner of the Town Square in Harrison, Arkansas, United States.
Its mission is to increase biodiversity in Oracabessa Bay to improve livelihoods in the local community.
They host a variety of artwork from local and regional artists, along with traveling shows from the Smithsonian Museum and other affiliates around the country.
It was founded in 1961 by Dr. Margaret Taylor-Burroughs, her husband Charles Burroughs, Gerard Lew, Eugene Feldman, and others.
The collection includes three paintings by Thomas Musgrave Joy which celebrate Grace Darling's rescue of passengers on the paddlesteamer Forfarshire.
Also it includes furniture arranged in typical living rooms of the Athenian aristocracy of the 19th century.
Also deserving mention are the collection of traditional trappings: “duckachs”, coral and Venetian glass beads, beadwork.
There is also an example of a mudhorse which is a wooden sledge is propelled across the mudflats to collect fish from nets.
The Robert H. Goddard Planetarium was built through an initiative shared by the museum and the Roswell Independent School District in 1968.
It is located beside the Army Air Corps Centre in Middle Wallop, close to Andover in Hampshire, England.
The site has been open since 1971, using the former Mount Joy School as its main offices and archives.
In addition to being Northeast India's largest cultural congregation, the Kalakshetra is also a major tourist spot in Guwahati.
After a few days, the school became a first aid station, and its black burned wall became a message board to find missing people.
The McMunn Planetarium is a planetarium at East Stroudsburg University of Pennsylvania.
The museum is located on the third floor of a four-story building, located near Kaba Aye Pagoda.
Also on the second floor is the HubCap Cafe, and a vehicle art gallery featuring artists such as Bill Bravo.
The Spencer Museum of Art explores the capacity of art to spark curiosity, inspire creativity, and create connections among people.
Dance Place is an arts organization in the Edgewood neighborhood of Northeast Washington, D.C..
Adults too can enjoy at the Museum with an entry ticket of 4 euros.
Arnolfini is funded by Bristol City Council and Arts Council England, with some corporate and individual supporters.
In addition to temporary exhibitions and the organization of events, the museum houses a permanent exhibition that shows a chronological presentation of the war events.
Here furs were transferred from canoe to ship and trade goods from ship to canoe.
The American Museum of Natural History, located on the Upper West Side of Manhattan, New York City, is one of the largest museums in the world.
Ireland's Natural History Museum, sometimes called the Dead Zoo a branch of the National Museum of Ireland, is housed on Merrion Street in Dublin, Ireland.
After the cessation of the league's Baseball Writers' Association, the Hall of Fame became dormant from 1964 to 2006.
The museum features world-class traveling art exhibitions and houses works from Telfair Museums' permanent collection.
Artpace is a non-profit contemporary art gallery located in San Antonio, Texas, United States, founded by Linda Pace.
In 2012, the Center presented an exhibition of 700 previously unseen photos from the bombing.
Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Cambridge visited Turner Contemporary on 11 March 2015.
A visitor centre has been constructed on site, and some areas have been reconstructed, including a typical Iron Age roundhouse dwelling.
The 3D Center of Art and Photography is an American nonprofit educational institution in Portland, Oregon that opened in 2003.
The museum also includes displays of local and maritime history, including shipbuilding and area Native Americans.
Recent notable events include hosting the annual Clickfestival and hosting the INDEX: Award Ceremony
The National Museum of the American Sailor seeks to fulfill this mission by:
The Catharine Clark gallery is the only commercial gallery in San Francisco with an entire room dedicated to showcasing video projects.
The museum’s collections comprise approximately 7 million objects, including natural history specimens, artifacts, and archival records.
As of 2008 the Indianapolis Art Center featured over 50 annual exhibitions and had over 3,000 members.
The museum opened its doors in the current location 12 September 1987.
It is named after Charles H. MacNider, president of the First National Bank of Mason City and father of General Hanford MacNider.
The Tate St Ives was built between 1988 and 1993 on the site of an old gasworks, it now receives around 210,000 visitors each year.
The New York Times described Wirth as "one of the most powerful players in contemporary art".
Hancavičy Regional House of Crafts — was established in 1997 to study, revive and develop folk crafts.
Dolph was also an astute admirer of realist painting and many of the museum’s most important works of art were acquired during his tenure.
These artifacts and stories remain to be the foundation from which the museum has built its world-class collection.
It was opened in 1960, displaying the private collection of Keita Gotō, chairman of the Tokyu Group.
Additionally, the museum offers temporary and permanent exhibitions.
There are also outdoor displays of rolling stock, locomotives and general railroad operating equipment.
It is a project of the Association of Neighborhood Councils of Recreo, administered by the non-profit organization Fundación Tempestad.
The organisation was founded in 2001 to contextualise, celebrate, and build on Turner’s association with Margate.
The Art Gallery of Nova Scotia is the largest art museum in Atlantic Canada.
Upper Canada Village is a heritage park near Morrisburg, Ontario, which depicts a 19th-century village in Upper Canada.
ARKA Gallery specialized in contemporary and modern Russian and Foreign painting and fine art legacy of the Leningrad School artists of 1930-1980s.
The Fletcher-White Archives includes collections on Eastern Michigan University, Willow Run, and Ypsilanti Public Schools.
The earliest are local fossils including ammonites and a display about the discovery of an ichthyosaurus at Alford.
Both camps provide residential and day camp educational programs for children and adults.
An independent museum and a registered charity, it is supported by Richmond upon Thames Borough Council.
There are also tours offered on the weekends by "Pirate Tour Guides" throughout the day.
The museum also holds public programming related to Kentucky's Civil War heritage.
Today it is considered to be located in the Shaughnessy Village neighbourhood of the borough of Ville-Marie.
The DuPont Museum is a historical museum in DuPont, Washington.
The Madonna of Port Lligat by Salvador Dalí is exhibited at this museum.
It contains exhibits and photographs depicting the history of Cedar Key from prehistoric times through the 20th century.
The Prehistory Museum of Valencia is a museum of the city of Valencia that exposes archaeological materials covering from Paleolithic to the Visigoths period.
The James A. Ramage Civil War Museum seeks to tell the untold story of Cincinnati and Northern Kentucky's involvement in the American Civil War.
70-134, on August 13, 1970, which established the Museum Board of the City of Huntsville.
The venue is also used for exhibitions of foreign contemporary artists and for hosting various arts-related events.
The Getty Center is in the Brentwood neighborhood of Los Angeles and is the primary location of the museum.
Its facade comprises elements of traditional Malay and modern features.
The complex, owned by Gold Reef City Casino, was opened in November 2001.
The restoration of the building for this purpose cost 93,000 while another 75,000 were spent for its decoration and furnishing.
The centre is opened from mid-May to mid-October and has had 400,000 visitors since July 28, 1989.
After a short period of use for glassmaking it was converted for the production of pottery, bricks and tiles, which continued until 1939.
The Science Spectrum is a hands-on science and technology museum featuring over 250 interactive exhibits, West Texas' only public aquarium, and daily live science shows.
The National War Museum is a museum located in Fort Saint Elmo in the city of Valletta, Malta.
The NMUSAF has one of the world's largest collections with more than 360 aircraft and missiles on display.
The Brampton Walk of Fame, or Art Walk of Fame, is an honours system to be located at the Rose Theatre Brampton, in Ontario, Canada.
The Museum of the City of Brussels is a museum on the Grand Place in Brussels, Belgium.
In 1966 she donated her property to the nation, which transferred it to the Ministry of National Education.
The museum has a video library, which contains videos of the Olympic Games.
The collection numbers around 10,000 works of art, housed since 1934 in the historic Vranyczany Palace in the centre of Zagreb, overlooking the Zrinjevac Park.
Yanco Powerhouse Museum is located at Binya Street in Yanco, New South Wales, Australia.
There are an estimated 2,800 historic markers around the state.
It opened in October 2007, succeeding the college's former Gallery of Art.
The museum owns a small collection of historic railroad equipment.
Its mission is to encourage a greater appreciation of the planet and its people.
The Museo Nacional de Ciencias Naturales is the National Museum of Natural History of Spain.
Lancashire Goes to War is dominated by an impressive and atmospheric World War I trench.
The Slave Lodge is a South African social history museum located in Cape Town.
The main exhibit is the reconstruction of an engineering and mineral water making business set up by Victorian entrepreneur Jonathan Bowler in 1864.
The Yarmouth County Museum & Archives is a museum located in Yarmouth, Nova Scotia exploring the history of Yarmouth County.
The museum was expanded and Mr. Jerry Martin was hired as Director.
The Legion and its museum moved to Ceuta in 1956 when Morocco gained independence from Spain.
The Gallery often presents temporary special exhibitions spanning the world and the history of art.
The Museum of the Grand Prairie is a museum situated in the Lake of the Woods park district in the village of Mahomet, Illinois.
Malmen Airbase is home to the Royal Swedish Airschool operating SAAB 105 jet trainers.
The Ramones Museum is a museum dedicated to the American punk rock band the Ramones, located in the Kreuzberg borough of Berlin, Germany.
These range in size from small arms, to missiles and missile launching systems, as well as complete gun turrets.
The Museum of Army Flying is a British military aviation museum about the history of flying in the British Army.
Opened on 5 October 1972, it is located on 5.6 hectares of land in South Jakarta and holds numerous artefacts, weapons, and vehicles.
The Kuwait National Museum is the national museum of Kuwait, located in Kuwait City.
It houses the world's largest collection of fossils from the Burgess Shale with more than 150,000 specimens.
It occupies the building of the largest and oldest former Ottoman mosque in the city, originally known as Koca Mahmut Paşa Camii.
The Museo de Historia de Arévalo or Arévalo History Museum in English, is a museum devoted to the history of the town of Arévalo in Spain.
Socrates Sculpture Park is an outdoor museum and public park where artists can create and exhibit sculptures and multi-media installations.
Ingram Planetarium is a planetarium located at Sunset Beach in Brunswick County, North Carolina.
The Rahmi M. Koç Museum is a private industrial museum in Istanbul, Turkey dedicated to history of transport, industry and communications.
The Institute publicly exhibits an extensive collection of artifacts related to ancient civilizations at its on-campus building in the Hyde Park, Chicago community.
It also houses a botanic library, a herbarium and the International Organizations for Succulent Plant Research.
The museum coordinates a peace education program that holds workshops on humanitarian law, disarmament, tolerance, and peace education.
Atatürk Museum exhibits War of Independence and the first years of Republic at the mansion, Atatürk stayed during his trips to Adana.
Today, the Uffizi is one of the most popular tourist attractions of Florence.
Furthermore, the BC Archives contain documents concerning prominent Canadian persons including Nellie McClung, JS Helmcken, and Emily Carr.
The Indiana State Museum is a museum located within White River State Park in Indianapolis, Indiana, United States.
It has five rooms and holds several collections on archaeology, history, fauna and flora.
The National Portrait Gallery also has regional outposts at Beningbrough Hall in Yorkshire and Montacute House in Somerset.
In 2009 the museum relocated to new premises in the old hospital building in Split, completely refurbished to provide a fully modern exhibit space.
Obinitsa Artificial Lake in the valley under the Muuseumitarõ was inaugurated by Rafael Hindrikus, priest of Obinitsa congregation.
The museum restores, maintains, displays and operates buses from the 1920s to recent eras.
The problem was compounded by CEPESMA's financial situation at the time, with the association unable to fund its activities and having to lay off staff.
The museum holds collections on history, weaponry, archeology and ethnography.
MACAM, the Modern And Contemporary Art Museum, opened in June 2013, in a factory compound in Alita.
The museum acts as the Colorado state repository for mineral heritage.
A number of artists have become prominent after first showing at SF Camerawork, including Joel-Peter Witkin and Robert Mapplethorpe.
Designed by architect Richard Meier, the campus also houses the Getty Research Institute, the Getty Conservation Institute, the Getty Foundation, and the J. Paul Getty Trust.
In the museum, various scientific instruments are on exhibition that were used in astronomical and geoscientific works.
For example, it was the setting for the British Pensioner Scheme and would later become an Ontario Provincial Asylum in 1859.
Battleship Cove is a nonprofit maritime museum and war memorial in Fall River, Massachusetts.
The MoDA Collections Centre is based at Beaufort Park in Colindale, close to Middlesex University's Hendon campus in the London Borough of Barnet.
The Botero Museum is located in the capital city of Colombia: Bogotá.
After suffering extensive damage during World War II, the building was restored in the 1950s and the municipality became its custodian.
The museum is housed in a converted electrical substation building.
It is one of the largest art museums in the United States.
Its current artist members work in a wide range of media.
The £2.7 million cost of the museum was provided by Isle of Wight Council and the National Lottery Millennium Commission.
The Nikola Tesla Museum is dedicated to honoring and displaying the life and work of Nikola Tesla.
Admission is free for children under 12, members, and disabled visitors, and on Thursdays, admission is free to residents of Turkey.
It was opened on October 24, 1961 to preserve Pakistan Army's past through relics and pictures and is one of the largest museums of Pakistan.
The house features a museum that honors Edison and his inventions.
The collection of photographs and text and materials relating to the 1912 North Mount Lyell Mining disaster is extensive.
Museum admission for all exhibits, including special exhibits, is free.
It has the largest collection of Albert Bierstadt works in the region, and also the largest collection of illustrations by J. C. Leyendecker.
In 2003, with the Pacific Coast League celebrating its centennial season, the Hall was revived.
The Museum of Almería is one of the most important museums in the Almerian province and maintains the largest collection of archaeological remains in Almería.
Many aerospace exhibits are on display including fixed-wing aircraft, helicopters and aircraft engines.
It was founded through the bequest of William Hayes Ackland to The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
The exhibits are currently in storage, and organizers are looking for funding.
It contains exhibits highlighting past missions conducted at NASA's Wallops Flight Facility.
The Cayuga Nature Center is an educational institution addressing nature and environmental issues.
It includes the International Space Hall of Fame.
Today corporate museums like the Vitra Design Museum, Museo Alessi or Museo Kartell play an important role.
It also has two satellite museums at Koblenz-Lützel and Halle.
The construction lasted five years, and the building was reopened on October 4, 2013.
It has displays on topics including the Battle of Barnet, Barnet Fair and Market.
After much toil and extensive efforts, the Gallery of Arts officially opened to the public in Tirana on 11 January 1954.
The Fitchburg Art Museum is a regional art museum based in Fitchburg, Worcester County, Massachusetts, United States.
In November 2016, the management of the Shugborough Estate was returned to the National Trust and the museum at Shugborough was closed to the public.
Since 1997 the scholarship has been awarded to almost 200 students from UC Santa Cruz.
The building is a Major Historical and Cultural Site of China.
It is near Hazelton at the confluence of the Skeena and Bulkley Rivers.
The site was listed on the Canadian Register of Historic Places in 2008.
The building was Grade II listed in 1994 as Former Newton Street Police Station.
The museum started in 1951, but was expanded in 1974.
The "museum" began as a traveling collection of donated items.
The Art Deco Museum is a museum in Moscow, Russia.
After the turn of the previous century, habitation was discontinued and for a time there were no definite plans for the tower.
Its collections focus on images of famous Americans.
Founded by the family of Apollo 8 astronaut William Anders in 1996 at the Bellingham International Airport.
The Walt Disney Hometown Museum is located in the restored Santa Fe Railroad Depot in Marceline, Missouri.
It was joined on the Register in 2005 by the former turntable, the only intact one in the state.
It is a popular tourist destination, with a reported 10 million visitors in 2003.
Josiah Henson Interpretive Centre - a visitor centre and museum with 19th-century books and artifacts related to abolition and Henson's life.
The Instituto Nacional de Bellas Artes has run the museum since 1986 and in 2012, the facility was expanded from three halls to five.
The village is a recreation of life in 19th-century Ontario and gives an idea how rural Ontario might have looked in the early-to-mid-19th century.
The museum's collection offers an overview in modern and contemporary art, including drawings, painting, sculpture, photography, prints, illustrated books and artist's books and electronic media.
The San Diego Model Railroad Museum is a 501(c)(3) charitable organization.
The Iron Range Historical Society is also responsible for the oversight of several off-premises attractions.
The museum is situated near the ship USS Constitution at the end of Boston's Freedom Trail.
It is nicknamed 49 North 6 East.
The most significant of them was the Governor of Taganrog Pyotr Papkov.
Restoration facilities and museum archives were moved from the museum's Garber facility to the new sections of the Udvar-Hazy Center.
The Stathatos building is a neoclassical villa on the Vasilissis Sophias Avenue.
The museum is accredited by the American Alliance of Museums, with accreditation through 2024.
The Perak Museum is a public museum located at the junction of Jalan Muzium and Jalan Taming Sari in Taiping, Perak, Malaysia.
For several centuries coquina was quarried here for the construction of Odessa.
It was established in 1937 by Paul Rivet for the 1937 Exposition Internationale des Arts et Techniques dans la Vie Moderne.
Founded in 1992, Museo de las Americas purchased its current 12,000 sq.
Previously, the archives were owned by the Woody Guthrie Foundation, which was headed by Guthrie's daughter, Nora Guthrie.
Guests can climb the 65' lookout tower.
It was formed in 1872 at the initiative of the Neubrandenburg Museum Society founded for that purpose.
General admission to the Nerman is free to the public.
Visitors can purchase tickets for public Challenger Adventures, which runs on Saturdays and holidays at 2:00 PM and 3:30 PM.
In 1976, it was the site of a failed assassination attempt on Bob Marley.
Haslemere Educational Museum was founded in 1888 by the eminent surgeon Sir Jonathan Hutchinson to display his growing collection of natural history specimens.
But already on the fourth day after the literation of the town the fascists - October 9, 1944 - the museum resumed its activity.
As many people did with their most precious possessions, he wrapped the chair in tarpaulin and buried it in his garden.
It is now used solely for offices and as a storage facility for the museum.
It has examples of shoes from the 200 years of the companies history.
The museum houses Indus Valley Civilization artefacts, and other relics from ancient India from the time of the Guptas, Mauryas, Chalukyas and Rashtrakuta.
Rogers K-Rock Centre is a 6,700 seat arena in downtown Kingston, Ontario, Canada, at the intersection of Ontario Street and Place d'Armes.
Dating back to 1772, the museum is owned and operated by Dartmouth College.
Founded in 1889 by the Beethoven-Haus association, it studies the life and work of composer Ludwig van Beethoven.
The Museum of Oriental Ceramics, Osaka is a Japanese art museum and regarded as one of the best ceramic-collections in the world.
Operated by the New York State Education Department's Office of Cultural Education, it is the nation's oldest and largest state museum.
It is also Canada's largest exhibition centre) designed specifically for children up to age 14 and their adult companions.
Surrounding the museum is a walled herb garden, and a series of period gardens which show how domestic gardens have changed over time.
The Harness Racing Museum & Hall of Fame is a museum in Goshen, New York.
The Kentucky Folk Art Center is a folk art museum administered by Morehead State University in Morehead, Kentucky, United States.
A permanent exhibit, "The Hawikku: 'Echoes From Our Past'" educates visitors about creation, migrations, and the last 500 years of Zuni history.
The museum is open to the public Thursdays, Fridays, Saturdays, and Sundays from noon to 4 p.m. or by appointment.
The Angel Museum in Beloit, Wisconsin, claims to have 6,000 figurines of angels, with 6,000 more at the home of the museum's collector, Joyce Berg.
The exhibits portray the living beliefs of art, folk performing-arts, craft and architecture of India, in particular of South Indian traditions.
Jepson Center for the Arts is a museum of contemporary art located in historic downtown Savannah, Georgia.
The Otago Museum is located in the city centre of Dunedin, New Zealand.
The touch room featured one of the more distinctive exhibits, the "Touch Tunnel."
MARTa Herford is a contemporary art museum in Herford, Germany.
The museum is open Noon to 5 P.M. every Sunday March through December and Noon to 5 P.M. Saturdays, June through October.
Here, music lovers and experts from all over the world can meet and share their ideas.
Military displays of the two Anglo-Boer Wars.
The Cape Charles Museum and Welcome Center is located at 814 Randolph Avenue, Cape Charles, Virginia, United States.
This is a military museum about the First World War and the nearby Battle of Arras in particular.
The corner tower also houses the Red Gate Gallery.
Given the age of the institution, many of the collections have great historical as well as scientific value, such as specimens collected by Charles Darwin.
After being closed down in 2011, the museum reopened in June 2015.
The museum reopened on 23 October 2016.
Samuel Johnson Birthplace Museum is a biographical museum and bookshop located in the centre of the city of Lichfield, Staffordshire, in England.
The 13th Site Museum of Archaeology is an archaeological museum in Bali District, New Taipei, Taiwan.
In addition to their online exhibits, the museum tours exhibits to various venues in Toronto.
Beamish, the North of England Open Air Museum is an open-air museum located at Beamish, near the town of Stanley, County Durham, England.
The museum was formed in 1954 when the Egyptian Museum and the Cyprus Collection were combined.
The Natuurhistorisch Museum Rotterdam is a natural history museum in Rotterdam in the Netherlands.
The Frederic Remington Art Museum is an art museum in Ogdensburg, New York that focuses on the work of Frederic Remington.
For The Huntington Museum, Art Collections, Library and Botanical Gardens in San Marino, California see The Huntington Library.
The Lake Geneva Museum is located in Nyon, Switzerland.
The Ukrainian folklore states: "Without Kalyna, there is no Ukraina".
It is situated inside the Beijing Institute of Graphic Communication campus at Qingyuanlu Station of subway line 4, in Daxing District, Beijing.
More than 200 institutions and museums in 45 states, Puerto Rico, and Panama are Smithsonian Affiliates.
Other artists' works include James McNeill Whistler, Andrew Wyeth, Mary Cassatt, and James Peale.
Three of the four are located on heritage properties in different neighbourhoods within the city, and the fourth is located in a library facility.
However, Fort Malden also has rich and diverse history aside from its military applications.
The Grace Museum is located in Abilene, Texas, United States.
It was maintained by Department of Archaeology of Sri Lanka.
P3 art and environment is an art organization, curatorial office and gallery in Shinjuku in Tokyo, Japan, which opened in 1989.
The elegant, minimalist building was designed by architect Kyu Sung Woo and is clad in Kansas limestone.
It houses collections about the history of Patras and the surrounding area from prehistory to the end of Roman times.
Museo de Arte de Ponce is an art museum located on Avenida Las Americas in Ponce, Puerto Rico.
The Connecticut State Museum of Natural History is located in Storrs, Connecticut and is part of the University of Connecticut.
The first floor of the four-story structure features the Donald Lamberti National Sprint Car Museum, a museum store and the administrative offices.
Chihuly Garden and Glass is an exhibit in the Seattle Center showcasing the studio glass of Dale Chihuly.
Affiliated to Tehran Municipality, Iranian House of Cartoon was founded in 1996.
The Ypsilanti Historical Museum is a member of the MotorCities National Heritage Area.
Its most prominent exhibits are replicas of Christopher Columbus's boats for his first voyage to the Americas, the Niña, the Pinta, and the Santa María.
The museum is named after Maurice van de Maele a Belgian amateur journalist, archaeologist and anthropologist who worked in Universidad Austral.
New Langton Arts was a not-for-profit arts organization focusing on contemporary art founded in 1975 in San Francisco, California.
The second floor has a larger exhibition space and a conference room.
Monrepos is one of the leading institutions for the research of early human history.
Sorø Art Museum is an art museum located in Sorø, Denmark.
The Grout Museum District is a set of museums in Waterloo, Iowa.
Beebe Ranch is an American horse ranch and museum located at 3062 Ridge Road, Chincoteague, Virginia.
The collection today consists of over 20,000 objects and is one of the finest collections of Contemporary Art and Sculpture in the Southwestern United States.
It is often referred to as "Galway's Hidden Museum" and is located in the University's main quadrangle.
In 2012, the Oracabessa Bay Fish Sanctuary launched its Coral Propagation Project through the support of the Global Environment Facility Small Grants Program.
In the 1940s, it was purchased by Howard Margeson who operated a men's clothing store, taxi business and bicycle shop.
The Walker Art Center is a multidisciplinary contemporary art center in the Lowry Hill neighborhood of Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States.
It had a variety of exhibits illustrating everyday life in the liquor distillery in the late 19th and early 20th century.
Irving Arts Center features four galleries that are free and open to the public.
Frequently included in group exhibitions were artworks by Jackson Pollock, Alfonso Ossorio, Milton Resnick and Helen Frankenthaler.
The museum arose from a collection of over 3500 items belonging to ethnographer Wilhelm Joest.
The center also introduces the local population and guests with Scandinavian languages and customs by organizing courses.
Its collection of well over 6,000 works of art includes historical and contemporary paintings, sculptures, installation works and photographs by Canadian and international artists.
It closed in 1973, and the public school system purchased the building in 1975.
It is situated north east of Oakham, in Rutland, England.
Kumu received the prestigious European Museum of the Year Award of 2008 from the European Museum Forum.
It is one of the largest art museum in Asia.
Rooms VII and VIII, show a collection of Greek and Italic ceramics, and other items, starting from the time of Alexander the Great.
Downstairs: General Store; Post Office; Doctor's Office; Large Farming Display; Logging Display
The Trabzon Museum, also known as Kostaki Mansion, is a historic house museum with archeological and ethnographic exhibitions located in Trabzon, Turkey.
Founded in 1861, it is Australia's oldest, largest and most visited art museum.
The Science Museum of Minnesota is an American museum focused on topics in technology, natural history, physical science, and mathematics education.
The sale of his land around his Ottawa Street residence has cast the future of the stables in doubt.
The Vasa Museum opened in 1990 and, according to the official web site, is the most visited museum in Scandinavia.
Nature Area - three representations of Indiana native habitat, a pond, woodland and prairie
The museum closed in 2013, due to insufficient finances.
According to tradition the villa is where St. Publius, the governor and first bishop of Malta, welcomed St. Paul after his shipwreck in 60AD.
The museum also contains a science center called Spectrum.
Many aerospace exhibits covering the First World War to the Cold War are on display including fixed-wing aircraft, helicopters and aircraft engines.
This museum display ranks a large variety of minerals, fossils, insects, reptiles, birds, mammals, fish and sections about Geology and Palaeontology.
The construction of this home set the stage for the construction of other homes of similar architectural elements, character and opulence in turn-of-the-twentieth-century Ponce.
It is part of the Utrecht Museum Night.
Perm Museum of Contemporary Art was devised by and is the legacy of its former founder, director and curator Marat Gelman.
It is one of the largest exhibition spaces in the country.
The August Horch Museum Zwickau is an automobile museum in Zwickau, Saxony, Germany.
Additional materials such as photographs, microfilm and movies are cataloged by the Museum.
It houses a diverse collection of art in a three story, 30,000-square-foot facility.
It was founded in 1994, and since 1999 it has been accommodated in what used to be the York County jail.
The collections are related to the history of Finnish military music.
The Living Prairie Museum is a 12 hectare tall grass prairie preserve located in Winnipeg, Manitoba.
It is home to the Megaprocessor, an enormous version of a computer chip designed by James Newman
The museum is used to exhibit antiquities belonging to Kasagala and surrounding area.
The museum was established with the objective honouring national heroes who were instrumental in the country gaining independence from the British Rule.
The San Diego Model Railroad Museum is a model railroad exhibit in San Diego, California.
The open-air museum is situated on La Peñona peninsula at one end of the beach near the Arnao tunnel.
It was opened to the public on 19 June 2011.
It features many historically significant Chrysler, Dodge, Plymouth, Jeep, AMC, Nash, Hudson, and Rambler vehicles from various eras.
She taught multiple productions of The Nutcracker, and became enamored of nutcrackers.
Twillingate Museum is a museum located in the town of Twillingate, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
The younger Bell conducted his earliest experiments in North America there, and later invented the telephone at the Homestead in July 1874.
For the five years 2017-2021 the museum will be administered by the National Trust on behalf of The Elgar Foundation.
It is one of the most popular museums in Malta.
It also appeared in a scene from "Spring Snow", a novel by Yukio Mishima, a well-known novelist.
The Museum had a mini-zoo with small animals for some twenty years, until August 2010.
The Pinacoteca Giovanni Morscio is an Italian museum, located in Dolceacqua.
Holland Museum in Holland, Michigan is a local historical museum.
The town's museum was established in 1865, but moved to the current site in 1884, where it shared its space with the town's library.
The Tennessee Walking Horse National Museum is the only museum dedicated entirely to the Tennessee Walking Horse.
The museum is open free to public from Tuesday until Sunday, from 08:00 WIB until 14:00 WIB.
The Imaginators connect play and learning in a fun way.
Historical Museum of Serbia is the national museum of history of Serbia, located in Belgrade.
Los Palacios Municipal Museum is a museum located in the 21st street Los Palacios, Cuba.
It was closed in 1759 during the fall of New France.
After adopting an admission fee, the flagship museum reopened on July 2, 2016.
The museum is now housed in the building the first magistrate, Adrian van Kervel built as the Drostdy from 1812 -1815.
The museum is located to the east of the Oxford University Museum of Natural History, and can only be accessed through that building.
It has a large collection of sculpture from the late antiquity, Mediaeval and Renaissance periods.
It is open between May and October as a "living history" project, with costumed interpreters on weekends during the Summer.
The Highlands Museum and Discovery Center is a heritage center and science center located in Ashland, Kentucky, United States.
It is the property of the Canadian province of Ontario, and flies the Flag of Canada despite being in the English countryside.
After World War I, Wilhelm II bought the house, where he lived in exile from 1920 until his death in 1941.
The museum site covers an area of over 9,000 square metres.
The site was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1926.
It is a living ethnographic museum depicting the tremendous diversity in crafts, art and culture of various Indian states, especially the western part.
The Winston Churchill's Britain at War Experience was a themed museum located in central London, which recalled the London Blitz.
The 2016 conference is the Museum's 11th annual gathering, taking place for the second year at Manhattan College.
Visitors will relish other highlights such as the Armenian-Venetian collection, legal texts dating back to the 17th Century, and bilingual dictionaries.
The business started after Miller put a few of his old racing motorcycles in the corner, which eventually became the catalyst of the present day museum.
The American Helicopter Museum & Education Center is located at 1220 American Boulevard, West Chester, Pennsylvania, United States.
Leptis Magna Museum is an archaeological museum located in Khoms, Tripolitania, Libya.
Ruth Waters is the museum's Founder, Chair and Executive Director.
It is located by the village of Sandtoft, near Belton on the Isle of Axholme in the English county of Lincolnshire.
The work 'FLIGHT Papiers froissés by Antonio Papasso.
Plans were drawn up for a concrete wall that would protect the museum from future wave damage at a cost of €573,000.
For fifteen years, The Wolfsonian has been a division within Florida International University.
'Battle Hill' was an 18th-century earthwork fortress, located in Kitwanga.
Galleries in the museum feature traveling exhibitions as well as several permanent exhibitions.
The Museum of Contemporary Art of Georgia is a contemporary art museum located in Atlanta.
In 1997, Livia Klee-Meyer, Paul Klee's daughter-in-law, donated her inheritance of almost 690 works to the city and canton of Bern.
The museum was established in 2008 by Dasha Zhukova as a non-profit project of The IRIS Foundation.
The museum is the trailhead for the Packers Heritage Trail.
At the time also the postmodernist extension was built.
The museum has four thematic sections, three of which permanent and one periodic.
silver coffee cups studded with diamonds and silver filigree elephant with mahout are on display.
Taganrog military museum is the first private museum in Taganrog.
It preserves the history of the town of George with a special focus on the timber industry.
The replica of the original ship is located at the Hector Heritage Quay, a heritage center run by local volunteers, in Pictou.
It is known as one of the first permanent museum in Korea that is dedicated for the history of computer and video games.
The museum spans 10 acres of land.
Artists featured in the collection include Edward Mitchell Bannister, Jacob Lawrence, Laura Wheeler Waring, Romare Bearden, Henry O. Tanner and Bernice Cross.
Finally the Baltimore Streetcar Museum was founded in 1966 by several members of the Baltimore Chapter of the National Railroad Historical Society.
A suite of rooms was created inside, along with a spacious music hall with a ceiling-painting.
The centre of the gallery has artifacts and displays that showcase agriculture through the four seasons of the year.
The Metropolitan Arts Centre is an award-winning arts venue in Belfast's Cathedral Quarter and is home to all kinds of exhibitions, theatre performances, experimental works.
The museum has had a home in St. Paul since 1934 where it first started as a club.
The museum is based in rented premises at Bletchley Park in Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire and opened in 2007.
The main focus of the museum is 19th-century Spanish painting, predominantly Andalusian, based on the collection of Carmen Cervera, third wife of Baron Hans Heinrich Thyssen-Bornemisza.
In October 2015, the gallery launched the £30,000 biennial The Hepworth Prize for Sculpture as part of the celebrations marking its 5th anniversary.
Sir John A. Macdonald moved into the house with his wife Isabella Clark and their son John Alexander in 1848.
A more modern glass structure connects the two.
She ran for President of the United States in the 1964 Republican Party primariy, but lost out to Barry Goldwater.
It was founded in 1852 and named after Queen Victoria and Prince Albert.
Pittsburgh Filmmakers is one of the oldest and largest media arts centers in the United States.
It is one of the oldest ten museums of Turkey.
For three decades, the stables were run by former Goose Village resident, iceman and calèche driver Leo Leonard, also known locally as Clawhammer Jack.
It was established on September 23, 1986 and became only one museum in Sri Lanka that represents natural history and natural heritage.
Howard J. Lamade Stadium and Little League Volunteer Stadium are located directly behind the museum.
Between 1980 and 2000, the population of Marysville increased five-fold.
The Louisiana Political Museum and Hall of Fame in located in Winnfield, Winn Parish, in the U.S. state of Louisiana.
In 1847, iron rails for the Erie Railroad were made at the site.
The museum was funded in part by the Yahoo!
The National Emergency Services Museum is a museum in Sheffield, England.
Formerly the property of the Oratory of Saint Philip Neri, the museum is dedicated to Antonio Salinas, a famous archaeologist and numismatist from Palermo.
It is part of the Dresden State Art Collections and is located in Dresden Castle in Dresden.
World's Largest UFO Landing Pad, St. Paul
In August, the museum hosts the African World Festival, a free, three-day festival celebrating the culture of the African diaspora.
In 1966, Cortlandt's father helped him build the Swiss chalet-style building to house the museum.
The Roman-Germanic Museum is an archaeological museum in Cologne, Germany.
A non-profit space dedicated to public education, Blue Sky Gallery began by showing local artists and then slowly expanded to national and international artists.
The construction of the museum started in 1958, and concluded in 1962.
Located at the site of the first Neanderthal man discovery in the Neandertal, it features an exhibit centered on human evolution.
During the colonial era, after many battles, the area became a cattle post and was subdivided into farms in the early eighteenth century.
It is federally recognized as a charitable 501(c)(3) organization.
The museum has 36 military jets, propeller-driven aircraft and helicopters on display.
Together these two locations have hundreds of collections showcasing art and design from around the globe.
It is now operated as Alcatraz East, a museum in Pigeon Forge, Tennessee.
It has a collection of over 38,000 works of art, making it, after the National Gallery of Victoria, the second largest state art collection in Australia.
Within walking distance of the well-known Panglima Lane, it is the #1 attraction in Ipoh on TripAdvisor.
Nothing specific is known about this residence, formerly in the countryside and now encompassed in the modern city.
The Flying Heritage & Combat Armor Museum is operated by Friends of Flying Heritage, a nonprofit corporation focused on educating the public about these aircraft.
The Iowa Aviation Hall of Fame, located at the museum, honors Iowans who have contributed significantly to the growth of aviation.
Commissioned in 1898, it opened in 1901 and was designed by Charles Harrison Townsend in the Arts and Crafts style.
The museum was designed by Atelier à Kiko and the garden by landscape architect Louis Benech.
The museum is housed in a 5,000 square meters building in Pinheiros district, inaugurated in 1975.
Dedicated to Canadian physician and inventor of the sport James Naismith, it was opened and inducted its first class in 1959.
All regions of the country and numerous eras and art movements are represented.
Since its foundation, the formal garden has been the home of many sculptors and works of art.
The museum has the largest aviation collection between Yorkshire and Scotland and houses over 30 aircraft and a wide collection of aero engines.
1912–1913 War Museum is a museum in Ioannina, Greece.
Artists' Collecting Society is the community interest collecting society for the collection and distribution of Droit de Suite or Artist’s Resale Right Royalties.
Due to the success of the project, over 100 nests and 16,000 hatchlings are now recorded each year.
There is a historic house, school, blacksmith shop, steam building, stationary engine building and two antique truck buildings.
It is housed in a Grade II listed building.
Since then, there have been several attempts to establish an international-standard naval museum.
The most complete skull of an Australopithecus africanus specimen, Mrs Ples, is on display in the museum.
Museum also takes care of the Alko store museum's collection.
It was inaugurated on September 16, 2012.
The Globe of Science and Innovation is a visitor center, designed to inform visitors about the significant research being carried out at CERN.
The museum, a Smithsonian affiliate, opened September 29, 2000.
Gimli Public School 1915 has an original classroom and artifacts used by the Huldufólk from Iceland.
The "Helleu" in its name refers to Paul César Helleu.
A well-known vehicle from that company is the REO Speed Wagon, from which a major musical band got its name.
The building was a structure of the Ottoman period but fundamentally restructured between 1831 and 1833 by Stamatios Kleanthis and Eduard Schaubert for their architectural office.
In addition to the glass displays were several paintings that demonstrate glass making and the local landscape.
It is the second oldest Latino multicultural museum in the United States.
Ross Farm is a member of the Nova Scotia Museum network.
The next day there were twenty students.
He pushed for completion of the museum.
It is located southwest of the Al-Tahrir Square and south of the Egyptian Embassy and north of the Chinese Embassy.
The museum's aim is to promote Chinese contemporary art based on an internationalized vision and a contemporary ideology.
It also includes individually engineered working models including a quarter-scale traction engine, steamroller and Spitfire fighter plane in the lobby.
ESMoA focuses on art education for students, families, and adults, and admission, is free.
The House of Wonders currently houses the Museum of History & Culture of Zanzibar & the Swahili Coast.
Having undergone major refurbishment and extension it reopened in 2003 and is home to a wide variety of collections.
The Institute for Sound and Vision collects, looks after, and provides access to over 70% of the Dutch audio-visual heritage.
The National Art Museum of Sport is a fine art museum that focuses on a sport theme.
The Harry Oppenheimer Diamond Museum is a museum located in the Diamond Exchange District of Ramat Gan, Israel.
The Thunder Bay Historical Museum is located in Thunder Bay, Ontario.
Liber Linteus, 3rd century BCE mummy and bandages with the longest Etruscan inscription in existence
The Museum contains a large collection of the locally made Sunderland Lustreware pottery.
The museum displays government documents, stamps and other artifacts.
Avro Heritage Museum is an aviation museum in Woodford, Greater Manchester, England, that is opened on 13 November 2015.
It displays objects from the collections of the Musée du Louvre that are lent to the gallery on a medium- or long-term basis.
An elected artist panel representing the Minnesota artist community meets quarterly to select fellow artists to exhibit their work at the MIA.
The foundation has shown works that highlight the value of heritage, family, structure and history and how it is translated in the context of globalisation.
Organized by co-op artists and guest curators, these exhibitions are presented in the Traffic Zone Gallery, the cooperative's ground floor exhibition space.
It is part of the Tate network of galleries in England, with Tate Modern, Tate Liverpool and Tate St Ives.
Great Castle House is home to the Royal Monmouthshire Royal Engineers, and the museum maintains the records of the regiment.
The National Museum of African American History and Culture is a Smithsonian Institution museum established in December 2003.
In World War I Max was captured by the Government of Portugal, in Horta harbour and loaned to the United Kingdom as a war aid.
This destroyer will be the main event for the museum as it has plans to expand into other exhibits in the years to come.
It was built in an abandoned mine that was used in the construction of Odessa.
Located in Brinchang, it is recognised as one of the main attractions of the Cameron Highlands.
After it passed from Lever's ownership, it was displayed for nearly 20 years more near the south end of Blackfriars Bridge.
The Chennai Rail Museum is a railway museum in Chennai, Tamil Nadu, which has a rich rail heritage of India.
Keno City Mining Museum is a history museum located in Keno City, Yukon, Canada.
The museum's mission is to educate about the arts and history of China.
Today the museum consists of 75 historical buildings collected from 20 townships in all parts of the country.
Its history began in 1919, when sculptor Gustav Vigeland made an offer to Oslo Municipality to donate his works sometime in the future.
He befriended Michał Czajkowski who commanded the Polish forces there.
A collection of wind tunnel models is held in storage, along with documentation and historical records of engineering and technical development.
In 1973 the greater part of the collection and the main functions of the museum were moved to 17 Kydathinaion Str.
The site is located in Dongjialin Village, just north of Liulihe Township, in Fangshan District, 43 km south of Beijing's city centre.
The museum also houses the collections of the former Pioneer Telephone Museum.
The Nantucket Whaling Museum is a museum located in Nantucket, Massachusetts, dedicated to the history of whaling.
The palace is about 12 km from Ernakulam mainland and approachable by road and rail.
The National Jazz Museum in Harlem is New York City's museum dedicated to preservation and celebration of Harlem's jazz history.
The museum is open Tuesday through Sunday, 9 am to 5 pm, closed Thanksgiving and Christmas.
From the fort, there is a path to the galleries, which display the general culture of the land, especially in the 1800s.
Mon Repos is a villa on the island of Corfu, Greece.
The museum combines features of a children's museum, technology museum, and a fine arts museum, and is dedicated to the art and technique of animation.
It contains exhibits by local artists, and holds regular classes and workshops.
A teaching museum for the university since 1934, the museum is named for Frederick R. Weisman, and was designed by Frank Gehry.
However, work stopped when a new plan was adopted.
In 1991 an expansion of the Science Centre brought the Kramer IMAX Theatre to the City of Regina.
The building is a two-story ferroconcrete construction, with two display rooms downstairs and five display rooms upstairs.
The museum is based in two buildings of the former royal stables and a surrounding area of 6,500 m2, situated at the "Alsos Stratou" in Goudi.
The site was the former Palace of the Kandian King, Wimaladharmasuriya, upon which the British constructed a Victorian era building, which housed the Kandy Kachcheri.
There is also a large collection of Greco-Buddhist art.
The facility is named after Dr. Frank Drake, in honor of his research on extra-terrestrial life.
About 2,000 of these will be on public exhibition.
In the summer of 2011, the nonprofit park was set to close due to health and financial concerns, and the property was placed for sale.
It was founded in 1954 by a group of women from the American Association of University Women.
The site was created through the initiative of veteran officers of the armored corps.
Trinity Loop - functional section of track and museum
Tickets are available on-line in advance, however, to significantly reduce the waiting time.
In order to defend itself it needed troops and these troops needed equipment.
Dorman Museum is a local and social history museum located in Linthorpe within the borough of Middlesbrough and the ceremonial county of North Yorkshire, England.
This fault line was not known to be under the complex during the construction of the building in the early 1980s.
cWOW Gallery is located in Newark, New Jersey, occupying a building on Halsey Street in the Lincoln Park/The Coast Cultural District.
Volcano House is a Geology exhibition in Reykjavík, Iceland, located at Tryggvagata 11.
The permanent collection has over 15,000 objects.
Educational programming takes place within the Jepson Center's auditorium, community gallery, education studios, and ArtZeum, which is a unique, interactive gallery for children and families.
A number of works were also purchased from or donated directly by artists, after the temporary exhibitions periodically held at the OAS gallery.
His last work, Victory Boogie-Woogie, is on display here.
Founded in 1921, it is the largest repository of natural, historical, cultural and theological artefacts of the Chuvash people and other ethnic groups.
It is named after William Maxwell "Max" Aitken, Lord Beaverbrook, who funded the building of the gallery and assembled the original collection.
It also includes material relating to friendly societies, the welfare movement and advances in the lives of working people.
Free rides on vintage buses usually operate on 1st Sunday in month.
The Museum was founded in 1998 and shares the building with the tourist bureau for the Town of Berwick.
Examples of Chinese ceramics from the Qin, Han, Tang, Song, Ming and Qing dynasties can be seen in this collection.
The exhibits feature Ferrari, Alfa Romeo and Maserati cars and also a large video-projection depicting the life of Enzo Ferrari.
Constantine Tsatsos and the Minister of National Defense Evangelos Averoff-Tositsas inaugurated the Museum.
For them, as for many others, the multifaceted drama of sport was both a challenge and inspiration, the generating force that led to unforgettable works.
The building was built as a Manor house in the late 15th century and extended in the 17th century.
The primary focuses of the main collections are works on paper, including modern and contemporary art including drawings, prints and photographs.
It is a milestone on the European Route of Industrial Heritage.
It occupies about 8.15 acres and started in 1994.
The museum is devoted to firefighter heritage.
The house was moved to the grounds of the university in 1936.
The museum is situated in a building dating from 1960, and it has three floors.
Mickiewicz came to Turkey in September 1855 to help organize Polish forces under the Ottoman Army.
It has been compared to the larger and controversial Creation Museum in Petersburg, Boone County, Kentucky, which opened earlier the same year.
The Centre was officially opened for the visitors on 21 July 2009.
Two rooms in the museum are aimed at children and feature interactive games which illustrate aspects of science in both English and Lithuanian.
The museum is a nonprofit organization that is primarily staffed by volunteers with limited paid staff.
The MGMoA is a member of the Oklahoma Association of Museums and a member agency of Oklahoma City's Allied Arts.
The ship was closed to visitors following an accident in November 2011 and re-opened on 18 May 2012.
The headquarters of the International Olympic Committee are located at Vidy, to the west of Ouchy.
A variety of educational programs are offered year around.
The Museum of Art and Archaeology, in Columbia, Missouri, is the art museum of the University of Missouri.
Over the years a number of other historically significant British narrow-gauge locomotives and other artifacts have been added to the collection.
The museum is situated in the historical centre, the Latin Quarter, in Midtbyen and shares the building of the Women's Museum.
Speed Memorial Museum, now colloquially referred to as the Speed by locals, is the oldest, largest, and foremost museum of art in Kentucky.
The museum, located at the Amsterdam ArenA, was opened on 14 August 1996 and is open daily for tours.
ArtScience Museum is a museum located within the integrated resort of Marina Bay Sands in the Downtown Core of the Central Area in Singapore.
The Indian Air Force Museum, Palam, is the museum of the Indian Air Force, and is located at the Palam Air Force Station in Delhi, India.
The museum features 17 interactive exhibits designed as a small, interconnected city.
It houses the largest collection of Dalí's works outside Europe.
The Virginia Holocaust Museum is a public history museum, located in Richmond, Virginia.
Though the municipality of Ribadesella was initially proposed, Colunga was chosen for the building site in the late 1990s.
The building is a Grade I listed building situated at the corner of Market Street and Breadmarket Street opposite the market square.
RoCo's State of the City exhibitions focus on new urbanism and feature artists from across the region.
It is located on the grounds of the Japan Coast Guard Academy.
The library contains more than 5,000 rare medical texts.
The house was moved to the existing location in 1964 by J.D.
Her collection grew through the donations of others and began to include items that could be related to most academic disciplines.
It has been maintained by the Alberta Sports Hall of Fame and Museum Society since 1997.
MINT is an acronym for "Moment of Imagination and Nostalgia with Toys".
The museum owns four steam locomotives, six diesel locomotives and over a hundred pieces of rolling stock.
Today this site is known as the town of Shelby, Alabama.
The Air Force Space and Missile Museum is located at Launch Complex 26 at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Florida.
The Bishops Lydeard Mill and Rural Life Museum is a historic building and museum in Bishops Lydeard, Somerset, England.
It focuses both on artifacts of Jewish history and on modern and contemporary art.
Tate Modern is a modern art gallery located in London.
In the museum, there are over 90,000 works including materials, such as letters and manuscripts.
Impressions Gallery is an independent contemporary photography gallery in Bradford, England.
The Czartoryski Museum and Library is a museum located in Kraków, Poland, founded in Puławy in 1796 by Princess Izabela Czartoryska.
The 425-acre outdoor art museum, which was created by artist Larry W. Griffis Jr in 1966, was the first sculpture park in the United States.
The museum is part of the Museum of London jointly funded by the City of London Corporation and the Greater London Authority.
“The relevancy and urgency of our mission has never been more critical than it is in today’s environment.
It was the Imperial Administrative offices and official residence of Cochin Maharaja.
The Hatton Gallery closed in February 2016 for a £3.5 million redevelopment and will reopen in 2017.
The museum has maintained its rail connection.
The museum was founded, and first opened to the public, in the early 1980s.
The Danish Museum of Hunting and Forestry is a state-owned museum in Hørsholm exhibiting objects connected with the history of hunting and forestry in Denmark.
At its peak, the area was the largest settlement of Ukrainians in the world outside of Eastern Europe.
They also have published a series of reports on archaeological excavations since 1948.
The Babe Didrikson Zaharias Museum & Visitor Center is a museum dedicated to Mildred "Babe" Didrikson Zaharias that is located in Beaumont, Texas.
The Fukui Prefectural Dinosaur Museum is a dinosaur museum located in the city of Katsuyama, Fukui Prefecture, Japan.
The Elliott Museum, located at 825 N.E.
The museum is a public-private partnership of Kyoto Seika University and the city of Kyoto.
It is the house where Sam Houston died July 26, 1863.
The house was designed by Walter Brierley (1862–1926, a York architect known as "the Yorkshire Lutyens".
The museum is an exempt charity and a non-departmental public body sponsored by the Department for Culture, Media and Sport.
Other works from the collection fill the palaces and residences of the Princely Family in Liechtenstein and Austria.
It specialises in promoting Indigenous Australian art, including visual art, music and storytelling.
The museum is governed by the Cultural Affairs and Sports Division of the City of Stockholm.
Although the city could not afford such a lavish memorial outright, it did contribute £300.
Founded in 1979, the Aspen Art Museum is a non-collecting contemporary art museum located in Aspen, Colorado.
The MIS is a museum of the Secretary of Culture of the state of Rio de Janeiro dedicated to Carioca culture.
Storyeum was a short-lived tourist attraction, located at 142 Water Street, Vancouver.
The company's slogan is "Your Adventure Awaits!"
The centre was established on 30 June 1958 on the basis of the collection in the Department of Manuscripts at the Georgian National Museum.
The Österreichische Galerie Belvedere is a museum housed in the Belvedere palace, in Vienna, Austria.
It is engaged in various philanthropic activities in fields such as education, healthcare, social service, animal rights, feeding of the poor and spiritual upliftment.
National Museum Cardiff is a museum and art gallery in Cardiff, Wales.
"Greenery is growing out of the doors and walls, 'Ghalib'!
The Martyrs' Memorial and Museum is a museum in Amman, Jordan.
It is a university and state art museum.
The Museum also includes a 140-seat planetarium and a 384-seat auditorium.
Parking and admission to the museum are free, though donations are welcome.
It was founded in 1986 by The Junior League of St. Petersburg and Hands-On, Inc.
This post soon became a minor outpost of the first Fort Bourbon.
The Apprentice Program provides children with activities to complete throughout the Museum Experience.
It was originally built in 1860 and renovated for museum use in 1979–1981 by the design of Kristian Gullichsen.
The museum is staffed by volunteer docents.
In 1930 it was moved into the Rathaus and from 1952 occupied a gateway of the town or stadt's fortifications.
The museum is independently operated along with the Allaire Village and is located in Allaire State Park in New Jersey.
This day was chosen to coincide with International Holocaust Remembrance Day and the 60th anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz concentration camp.
There are two theatre organs that feature during open days and weekly Wednesday afternoon tea dances from 13:00.
cWOW operates a gallery in the atrium of One Newark Center.
The move added another dimension to the gallery's draw, as its current building was designed in the early 19th century by prominent architect Christian Hansen.
The collection is exhibited in 25 rooms, of which one is a style-room.
The AJM aims to explore contemporary Jewish issues through art and related programs that facilitate intercultural dialogue.
The São Paulo Museum of Sacred Art a museum dedicated to the collection and display of sacred art of Brazil.
As Boda travelled further, and the collection of images grew, the research has developed.
Museum Rudana or Rudana Art Museum is an art museum in Peliatan, Gianyar Regency, Bali, Indonesia.
It is dedicated to helping leaders and citizens of the world confront hatred, prevent genocide, promote human dignity, and strengthen democracy.
The museum was closed after the capture of Shushi on May 8, 1992.
In the Regular Force regiment, A, B and D Squadrons operate armoured cars, such as the Coyote and Kodiak vehicles.
The house was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1990.
The Museum is free and open year round.
The Canadian Ski Museum established the Canadian Ski Hall of Fame in 1982 [2].
The museum, which was established in 1967, is one of the world's largest contemporary art venues.
At that time the museum was located in the wedding room of the Le Cateau City Hall.
It is located in the Çemberlitaş neighborhood of Fatih district in İstanbul, Turkey.
In 1928 the museum was situated in the Bijloke abbey - this led to the name Bijlokemuseum.
The facility is located 300 metres north-west of Valley Heights railway station.
The museum store sells authentic African art and books, as well as other merchandise.
Built on the historical site of one of Bendigo's Chinatowns, the museum's precinct also includes Chinese Gardens and a temple to Kuan Yin.
It was scheduled for a 2016 opening.
The model buildings are all made to help younger children learn skills they will need later on or connect with their parents.
The Virtual Exhibits Investment Program is geared to medium- to large-sized institutions.
During renovations, The Bass Projects has operated a temporary exhibition space at the Miami Beach Regional Library.
Young Collection and a collection of documents about the labor movement in Detroit called the Sheffield Collection.
The gallery was founded by Assistant Director, Alice Denney, and Julian Eisenstein.
It became federally funded in 1970 and focuses on the community in and around Anacostia in its exhibitions.
The museum is located in Victoria, on Mahe Island.
It is located on the road to and from the airport, 6 km from the town.
The museum contains one of the most important Asian art collection in Italy.
He emigrated from France to New France in 1634 with his father, Gaspard Boucher, a carpenter.
It is also the home of the annual Telstra National Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Art Award, Australia's longest running Indigenous art prize.
The Institution's thirty million annual visitors are admitted without charge.
The study gallery specialises in books on architecture including the Bath Buildings Record and Coard Collection.
Neuberger Museum of Art is located in Purchase, New York, United States.
The Presidential and Vice-Presidential Artifacts Museum is a museum located in Academia Historica, Zhongzheng District, Taipei, Taiwan, Republic of China.
The Hiroshima Museum of Art is an art museum founded in 1978.
In Barcelona, the museum realises itself by showing one artwork of its collection at a time in a cube of acrylic glass.
Over 1,500 objects are displayed from the museum’s designated collections, many of which can be seen on the museum's Flickr account.
The museum provided 180,000 visitor experiences in fiscal year 2016-17.
Six large-scale works by John L. Dreyfuss grace the Reflecting Pool Terrace through April 2020.
It was housed in the Webster Telephone Exchange Building, which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Its purpose is to collect, record, preserve, and display the material evidence and associated information of the history of Donegal.
The Connecticut Historical Society is a non-profit museum, library, archive and education center that is open to the public.
It is the only cemetery dedicated as a museum in Puerto Rico and the Caribbean.
Fort Malden, formally known as Fort Amherstburg, is a defence fortification located in Amherstburg, Ontario.
In July 2012 the museum was relocated, to a newly constructed building closer to central Longyearbyen.
The regiment has participated in community functions for over 100 years, in addition to fulfilling its operational duties around the world.
The museum is one of five partner museums in the Oklahoma Museum Network.
It is one of the largest solar buildings in the world.
For a museum of its size, it has an extensive scope; Issan, once home to the Ban Chiang, Dvaravati, Lopburi and Khmer civilizations.
Royal Roads Military College was a Canadian military college located in Hatley Park, Colwood, British Columbia near Victoria, British Columbia, Canada.
This Museum is an integrated part of the Scheduled Castles and Scheduled Tribes Research and Training Institute, which disseminates knowledge covering the human species in totality.
The building was originally bought jointly and both museums were opened on 2 August 1961 by Field Marshal Montgomery.
In 2001 an exhibition space was opened.
It is built on the banks of river Bharathapuzha at Vallathol Nagar in Cheruthuruthi, Thrissur District.
The Museo Correr is a museum in Venice, northern Italy.
It is one of the few Mongolian historical attractions which have neither been destroyed by the Soviets or the Communist Mongolians.
A plaque with the names of Medal of Honor recipients is located in Memorial Chamber—the fourteenth floor of the capitol.
The building is an old weigh house that was designed by architect C.J.
Adana Archaeology Museum,, located just west of the Sabancı Mosque in Adana, houses the historical heritage of Çukurova region.
The Museo de la Arquitectura Ponceña is an architectural museum housed at the Casa Wiechers-Villaronga, in Ponce, Puerto Rico.
It was opened in 1904 and is now managed by Tyne & Wear Archives & Museums and sponsored by the Department for Culture, Media and Sport.
The Museum of Old and New Art is an art museum located within the Moorilla winery on the Berriedale peninsula in Hobart, Tasmania, Australia.
Bristol Museum & Art Gallery is a large museum and art gallery in Bristol, England.
The purpose of the foundation is to preserve, to study and to exhibit geological and biological records about the local environment.
Tenets of Young Earth creationism enjoy substantial support among the general population in the United States, however, contributing to the museum's popularity.
The pods total 435,000 square feet of collections storage space.
It was established by former Bosnian Vice President Adil Zulfikarpašić.
Permanent and rotating peace-related art exhibitions, displaying the work of amateur international and Iranian artists and children's drawings, are also housed in the museum complex.
Its centerpiece is its automobile collection, which has led Autoweek to call the Nethercutt one of America's five greatest automobile museums.
On May 31, 1889, a neglected dam above the city of Johnstown that held back a lake, burst.
The collection contains over 40 civilian and military autogyros, convertiplanes and helicopters, including some early generation models.
These exhibitions provide context for the New Prints shows, presenting selections of prints from other periods or cultures.
Information about the museum and its programs and events may be found through its website.
Of note, the BC Archives website contains research guides to assist those interested in the material they house.
The McLoughlin gallery is the third largest space at 49 Geary.
Tours are available and admission to the museum is by donation.
The Lucas Museum of Narrative Art is a future art museum project in development by film creator and director George Lucas.
During 2011 it formally became part of the National Museum of the Royal Navy, an executive non-departmental public body of the MoD.
Although The Caponier was always prepared for battle, with a 24-pound cannon aimed at New York Harbor, the fort never experienced a battle.
Its first directors were Judy Moran and Renny Pritikin, who have been a central figures in the San Francisco Bay Area art scene for 30 years.
pilot sites to demonstrate innovative ways to connect kids with nature; it is the only one of its kind in Washington.
The National Historical Fire Foundation is a museum dedicated to the historical preservation of firefighting equipment used through the years around the world.
The church is also known for its modern altar painting of so-called "Angry Christ" painted in vivid colors by Alfonso Ossorio, Filipino-American abstract expressionist artist.
The museum is located in a brick building that previously hosted the school Vasaskolan.
The Imhoff-Schokoladenmuseum was opened by Hans Imhoff on 31 October 1993.
The Museum now has the third largest collection of Matisse works in France.
The garden was closed temporarily in 2013 to undergo repair and review for listing on the National Register of Historic Places.
It is located close to City Hall.
The museum was built in 1893 after a design by architect Agi Lindegren who was inspired by medieval Norwegian stave churches.
It has been instrumental in collecting art and is one the important touristic attractions in the Banaras Hindu University and in Varanasi city.
Contemporary art works in painting, drawing, photography and video are presented in curated, thematic exhibitions, including works loaned from other collectors, galleries and artists.
Part of the museum's former collection is now in the National Palace Museum in Taipei.
Harbourfront Centre has a seating capacity of 2,000.
Finally, 2002 saw the opening of IWM North in Trafford, Greater Manchester, the fifth branch of the museum and the first in the north of England.
The Savannah History Museum is located at 303 Martin Luther King, Jr. Boulevard.
The AFA’s mission is to enrich the public’s experience and understanding of the visual arts, and this is accomplished through its exhibitions, catalogues, and public programs.
The archives contain over 1.5 million photographs, making them the seventh largest collection of photographs in the US.
Artifacts from the collection will continue to be displayed in Philadelphia at the National Constitution Center.
The museum, situated in a historical building, is located in Cibali neighborhood of Fatih district on the southern shore of the Golden Horn.
Hewitson, in his History of Preston states that the building was erected in 1829 and refers to Mr Rickman as the architect.
The architectural complex consists of several buildings arranged around two squares.
In 1985, it was exhausted and closed.
A gun vault displays a variety of weapons ranging from a 1903 Springfield rifle to the GAU-8, which is capable of shooting 6,000 rounds per minute.
The subsequent survey found that the building was partially subsiding.
Educational activities are undertaken and experimental digital media work supported by online resources.
Total plot area of the museum is 34.79 acres.
It was founded in 1888 and opened in 1891 in a purpose-built building in Kuching, Sarawak.
The MUMOK regularly organizes special exhibitions and is known for its large collection of art related to Viennese Actionism.
The Museum of South Texas History is located in Edinburg, Texas.
Since 1995, the President of the Jesse Helms Center has been John Dodd.
They are on display in the Gold from the Time of Stonehenge exhibition, opened in 2013.
It is owned by the Carlos Slim Foundation, and is located in Chimalistic, in the south of Mexico City.
The Australian National Maritime Museum is a federally operated maritime museum in Darling Harbour, Sydney.
In 2003, a major addition, The Cincinnati Wing was added to house a permanent exhibit of art created for Cincinnati or by Cincinnati artists since 1788.
It was set up by the sculptor Pavlos Vrellis in February 1983, and is the best known wax museum in Greece.
The National Constitution Center is a nonprofit, nonpartisan institution devoted to the United States Constitution.
The library is open Monday through Friday, 9-12 and by appointment, year-round.
The museum is located in Buam-dong, close to Seongbuk-dong, Seongbuk-gu, where Whanki Kim and his wife spent many years.
It is located within the main campus of the National University of Singapore in southwest Singapore at Kent Ridge.
The museum was founded in 1994 by Nazi Holocaust survivor Henry Kellen.
The museum has an open concept exhibit area of approximately 2000sq ft.
Founded in 1976, it comprises the private collection of Paul and Alexandra Kanellopoulos which was donated to the Greek state.
Bury Art Museum is a public museum and art gallery in the town of Bury, Greater Manchester, northern England, owned by Bury Council.
The original design of the museum and its core exhibits was managed by Shanghai-based high tech and multimedia firm Creative Star Digital.
The Marianna Kistler Beach Museum of Art is an art museum on the Kansas State University campus,located near Aggieville.
Since 1980, the museum is installed in the House of the Officers, an example of military architecture of Franche-Comté at the 18th century.
During 2013-2017 the firm Lundgaard og Tranberg Arkitekter and architect Claus Pryds will bring their vision for Denmark's Natural History Museum to fruition.
The Old Stone Fort Museum is located on the campus of Stephen F. Austin State University, in the city and county of Nacogdoches, Texas.
The collection comprises 300 years of cuckoo clock-making history, since the very earliest examples made in the 18th to the 21st century.
The museum was opened to the public in October 12, 1963.
The house is part of the Sam Houston Memorial Museum complex.
The Morean Arts Center is located at 719 Central Avenue.
In 1980 the Museum staged a major exhibition "Die Kelten in Mitteleuropa", which demonstrated the wealth of discoveries that were being made at the Hallein.
It is located on RNAS Yeovilton airfield, and the museum has viewing areas where visitors can watch military aircraft take off and land.
Six years later a Turkish court found that the bombing was ordered by the government of Adnan Menderes, Menderes apologized and offered compensation.
Between 1862 and 1867 these companies were frequently disbanded, reformed and renumbered.
Since 1991 it is situated in the Palais Lobkowitz in Vienna.
The Republic of China Armed Forces Museum is a museum located on Guiyang Street Zhongzheng District, Taipei in the Republic of China.
Bogor Zoology Museum is a museum located to the next of the main entrance of the Bogor Botanical Garden in the city of Bogor, Indonesia.
The foundation signed over its collection to the Collings Foundation on July 4, 2013.
The Wing Luke Museum of the Asian Pacific American Experience is a history museum located in Seattle, Washington's Chinatown-International District.
The first tram-themed exhibition gallery in the city, it explores the network's changes and the vehicles' features and components throughout their history.
Beyond its region's borders, Tweed enjoys relationships with museums around the world.
This house and its outbuildings remain in their original location.
Like the present-day museum, the gallery showed contemporary craft objects and folk art.
It has a number of special exhibits on Muscat's water springs, the ancient wells, underground channels, the souqs, houses, mosques, harbors and forts.
The Museum contains strong holdings of 19th-, 20th-, and 21st-century European and American paintings, sculptures, prints, installations, and photographs.
It is regarded as having one of the top collections of strategic aircraft.
The memorial includes their rank, branch of service, and age.
It is also an All-America Selections Display Garden, a part of Berry Schools on the National Register of Historic Places, and a AAA Star Attraction.
Though, according to the City of Pittsburgh Map, the center is located in the Point Breeze neighborhood.
Papantoniou’ or PFF is a nonprofit cultural institution and museum based in Nafplion, Greece.
The museum is open daily, 10.30 to 17.00, from 25 March to 31 October.
The main exhibition space is the Nelson Fine Arts Center, designed by architect Antoine Predock.
The yellow pencil was completed on 28 May 2001, is 7.91 metres long, and weighs 446.36 kilograms.
The collection is worldwide in scope with the Western Hemisphere, Indonesia, and Australasia particularly well represented.
It is located near Ashland, Nebraska, along Interstate 80 southwest of Omaha.
The property was settled by the Ashbridge family, who were English Quakers who left Pennsylvania after the American Revolutionary War.
The statues were sculpted by Houston artist David Adickes, who was inspired as he drove past Mount Rushmore when returning from a trip to Canada.
The hall has an area of 8000 m².
Historic airplanes, photos, documents and training equipment are all included in the museum's permanent collection.
Known locally as the Money Museum it is primarily a research centre with one wing dedicated to a public gallery.
The Fenimore Art Museum is a museum located in Cooperstown, New York.
It aims for children of all faiths and backgrounds to gain a positive perspective and awareness of the Jewish heritage, fostering tolerance and understanding.
The museum has a unique art collection, dioramas and exhibits but also brings the visitor closer to understanding the background against which the war took place.
Living in a software/internet powered world we forget about how physical products are created.
Panhandle–Plains Historical Museum claims to be the largest history museum in the state of Texas with 70,000 visitors annually and more than three million artifacts.
It is located in the ancient Sexmos´s House and is run by the Arévalo town hall.
The Museum of the Sea, opened in 1996, is a museum of natural history located in La Barra, in the department of Maldonado, Uruguay.
It was formally opened by Queen Elizabeth II on 28 October 1988.
Located in an old cannery, the museum has exhibits on various types of manufacturing and industry from the early 20th century.
McNay was an American painter and art teacher who inherited a substantial oil fortune upon the death of her father.
It is a member organization of the Chicago Cultural Alliance.
It stimulates and fosters, within the general public, an interest in the Navy, its activities and accomplishments.
The Museum of London documents the history of London from prehistoric to modern times.
The museum moved the main exhibit space to downtown Hillsboro at the Civic Center in November 2012.
It was established in 1927 as the legacy of Mable and John Ringling for the people of Florida.
It is a museum of France, according to the law n°2002-5 of January 4, 2002.
During the Great War the asylum was turned over to military use and renamed the Beaufort War Hospital.
As of July 2010 the museum will have attracted over 23,000,000 visitors making it one of China's most visited modern museums.
The creator of the project is a Saint Petersburg businessman Sergey Morozov.
The current Acting Director is Mr. Walter A. Grudzinskas.
The Military Sea Services Museum is located at 1402 Roseland Avenue, Sebring, Florida.
The El Paso Museum of Archaeology is a museum which presents information about the prehistory of the area surrounding El Paso, Texas.
The monuments surround a pool and are dedicated to the Mercury, Gemini, Apollo and Space Shuttle programs.
The permanent collection comprises over 54,000 works, including African, American, Asian, and European pieces.
The Gallery is located at the Rizal Library Special Collections Building, Ateneo de Manila University, Katipunan Avenue, Loyola Heights, Quezon City.
The museum has a collection of artefacts, photographs, press cuttings, paintings, and displays of local interest, particularly relating to Porlock Hill on the A39.
Newport Museum and Art Gallery is a museum, library and art gallery in the city of Newport, south Wales.
It has planetarium shows and a Science Gallery hall.
Belonging to the Anglo-Saxon period, it was part of the much wider tradition of burial in Early Anglo-Saxon England.
He was succeeded in the governorship by his son-in-law, René Gaultier de Varennes.
The museum also facilitates Boy Scouts traveling to Philmont Ranch by providing museum discounts, as well as hostel stays for visiting Boy Scout troops.
The museum in Arcadia Park occupies an entire city block bounded by Park, Wessels, Schoeman and Johann Streets.
Exhibits, programs, and special events designed to entertain, inspire, and educate
The park is also supported by private donations and fund raisers.
The 716,000-square-foot building houses more than one million objects in its collections including natural history and anthropological materials, as well as archival and library resources.
Museo Nacional de las Culturas Populares is a museum in Mexico City dedicated to Mexico’s ethnic and cultural diversity.
We help members and visitors make informed decisions about our marine environment.
In 1976, the listing boundaries were amended to account for moving the house.
The small group was representational of Boston's elites in the fields of teaching, art-making, architecture, and craft.
The University of Kentucky Art Museum is an art museum in Lexington, Kentucky.
The Ulucanlar Prison Museum is a former state prison in Ankara, Turkey that was converted into a prison museum following restoration by Altındağ Municipality.
Currently the museum changes exhibits annually, with the exception of the Hall of Fame.
The atmosphere and natural environment of the two places have much in common.
ECHO, Leahy Center for Lake Champlain, formerly the Lake Champlain Basin Science Center, is located on the Burlington waterfront in northern Vermont.
The Queensland Art Gallery is owned and operated by the Government of Queensland, which created the institution in 1895 as the Queensland National Art Gallery.
The museum is open Wednesdays through to Sundays from 10am to 5pm in term time and 7 days a week during school holidays.
The name 'Kunsthalle' indicates the museum's history as an 'art hall' when founded in 1850.
After a brief second marriage she moved to New York City, returned to acting, and associated with people who were interested in eastern religion and Buddhism.
The Smithsonian Associates was formed in 1992 from combining the Resident Associates Program with the Smithsonian National Associate Program.
Like the botanical garden, the museum is part of the wider array of centers belonging to the Natural History Museum of Denmark.
In 2010, there was an exhibition of wallets from the Edo Period and Meiji Era.
The core of the building complex is a half-timbered house, ca.
The Elgin Military Museum is located in St. Thomas, Ontario.
The location of the Totem Heritage Center was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Alaska Totems in 1971.
It also organizes archeological digs in Lithuania.
It was originally a medieval fortified manor house, founded by Ednyfed Fychan.
The Academia de Genealogía y Heráldica Mota-Padilla was a cultural institution based in Guadalajara, Jalisco, the second largest city in Mexico.
Since the mid-1990s, the New Signatures competition is also held at the Pretoria Art Museum.
This project takes people of ages 12–25 and over 50 out to the countryside in order to increase appreciation of the city's natural surroundings.
The Casa do Infante is located in the historical centre of Porto, designated World Heritage Site by UNESCO
Following the deaths of Hill, Fuller and Queen Marie, she worked tirelessly to turn Sam Hill’s unfinished mansion into an art museum.
To the side of the house is a small garden belonging to St John's and to the rear is the large St. Nicholas' Park.
It is the largest permanent Titanic museum in the world.
The Northern Ostrobothnia museum is a museum of cultural history.
The Building was designed by Peter Smith, who also designed the Princess of Wales Theatre in Toronto.
The collection was begun after World War I, and the museum was officially opened in 1942.
Grey Roots Museum and Archives began as a County museum in 1955.
The exhibits are housed in 3 hall rooms.
It was established in 1964 by Jimmie Hall.
The museum took its exhibits online in 2015 and M.O.M.
The McWane Science Center is named after the McWane family and McWane, Inc. both of which helped fund the center.
The museum holds collections on history, natural science, numismatics and archeology.
It was established in 1948 in Des Moines, Iowa.
Projects developed at Eyebeam have received awards and recognition including Webby Awards, Guggenheim Fellowships, and the Prix Ars Electronica.
Guinness Storehouse is a tourist attraction at St. James's Gate Brewery in Dublin, Ireland.
The Oracabessa Bay Fish Sanctuary was established in 2010 to protect Oracabessa’s marine ecosystem.
It is one of the largest aerospace museums displaying vintage aircraft in the western United States.
The Rensselaer County Historical Society is a non-profit, historical society and museum, to promote the study of the history of the Rensselaer County, NY.
The Museum of Danish America is a national museum located in Elk Horn, Iowa.
The gallery was closed for reconstruction in 2004, and reopened in May 2006, with a new extension by Gilroy McMahon Architects.
From 2004 to 2008, it was renovated in connection with the construction of the BMW Welt, directly opposite.
Today the Neubrandenburg Regional Museum fulfills the role of the municipal museum for Neubrandenburg with several exhibition sites, a number of initiatives and extensive collections.
It was built by Dr. John Sebastian Helmcken, the first doctor in Victoria, in 1852, a surgeon with the Hudson's Bay Company.
The Clockarium is a museum in Schaerbeek, in the Brussels-Capital Region, Belgium, devoted to the Art Deco ceramic clock.
The Ujjayanta Palace is a museum and former royal palace of Tripura situated in Agartala, the capital of the Indian state of Tripura.
Artist John Elwood Bundy and author and attorney William Dudley Foulke were instrumental in the founding.
Mill Hill Anglo-Saxon cemetery is a place of burial.
The museum holds collections on history, archeology, natural science and decorative arts.
An Ontario Historical Plaque was erected at the Halton County Radial Railway Museum by the province to commemorate the Radial Railways' role in Ontario's heritage.
In 2010, Frank Marino became the first entertainer to have earned induction into the Walk of Stars twice.
The museum is operated by the Arts & Heritage Foundation of St. Albert.
Founded in 1998, the museum moved to its current location at 9301 South Stony Island Avenue in the Pill Hill neighborhood in 2008.
The website of the museum has not been updated to reflect the closing of this branch of the museum.
Since 1993, the building itself is protected by the monument protection act.
The Gallery hosts the annual Deutsche Börse Photography Prize.
The gallery specialises in original paintings, limited edition lithographs, screen prints, etchings and sculptures from the Pop and Contemporary Art genres.
The Kazoo Museum is a museum dedicated to the history of the kazoo, located in Beaufort, South Carolina.
The museum explores death and funerary practices along four themes: rituals, the body, mourning and remembrance, and memento mori.
Kanata Theatre is a community theatre organization, operates the Ron Maslin Playhouse, a 350-seat theatre located in the Kanata district of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
The visitor center also provides information about current activities at Wallops Flight Facility, such as the sounding rocket, balloon and aircraft program.
The museum holds collections on history, weaponry, decorative arts and numismatics.
The National Army Museum is the British Army's central museum.
It is aimed at popularizing science and technology among the people, particularly the students.
It is among the Smithsonian's smallest museums.
The museum has galleries on Candombe, Carnival, Uruguayan Carnival and Murga.
The Peel Art Gallery, Museum and Archives is a museum, art gallery, and archives for the Peel Region, located in Brampton, Ontario, Canada.
Its highlights are Klimt's paintings, The Kiss and Judith, and masterpieces by Egon Schiele and Oskar Kokoschka.
In keeping with the site's history many of Duxford's original buildings, such as hangars used during the Battle of Britain, are still in use.
The Beate Uhse Erotic Museum is a sex museum in the Charlottenburg district of Berlin, Germany.
The Museum of Greek Folk Art is a museum in Athens, Greece.
At the end of the tour, guest are told whether their ticket holder survived.
Accreditation is the highest industry standard for educational exhibitions and programming, operations, and collections stewardship.
It was the site of the experiments by Sidney Gilchrist Thomas and his cousin Percy Gilchrist that led to "the basic steel process" or "Gilchrist-Thomas process".
MATE's mission also includes educational programmes and supporting Peruvian artists abroad.
The museum moved to its present building at Big Spring Park in March 1998.
Canadian Bushplane Heritage Centre, located on the north bank of the St. Marys River in Sault Ste.
He moved to Nuneaton to work as Manager of the Griff Colliery Company.
Admission is also included as part of tours of Emirates Stadium.
It was founded in 1920 and opened to visitor in 1921.
The Apple Capital Museum is a museum located in Berwick, Nova Scotia exploring the history of the Town of Berwick and near-by Kings County communities.
Sanskriti Museums are a set of three museums namely, Museum of ‘Everyday Art’, Museum of Indian Terracotta and Textile Museum.
The Fairfield University Art Museum, formerly the Bellarmine Museum of Art, is an art museum located on the campus of Fairfield University in Fairfield, Connecticut.
Humboldt State University Natural History Museum is a natural history museum in Arcata, California in the United States.
ft. museum features exhibition galleries, a YAA Art Institute, Teen Center, Museum Preschool and Broward County Public Library.
Established by Christian Levett, a British businessman and collector, it opened in April 2011.
The location is one of the more important in Indonesia in relation to tracing the history of Majapahit
The museum collection is managed by the Musée de la civilisation since 1995.
UIMA was founded in 1971 by Dr. Achilles Chreptowsky, Konstantin Milonadis and Mychajlo Urban in the heart of Chicago's Ukrainian Village, Chicago.
The Museum begun in 1991 during the administration of California Governor Pete Wilson.
Adana Ethnography Museum,, exhibits the ethnographic works, the inscriptions of Adana's landmarks and epitaph and gravestones of Adana's leading figures.
The museum holds several collections on history, numismatics, local publications and weapons.
Since 1979, this institution has been governed by the National Museum of Serbia.
The terraces in various states of modernity show the evolution of occupation over 150 years.
This museum is located in Oklahoma City and displays over 350 skeletons from animal species from animals all over the world.
The Brazos Valley Museum of Natural History is a science, nature and cultural history museum in Bryan, Texas, United States.
It is located on the east side of the Harvey House Railroad Depot and is operated by a non-profit organization.
The museum was officially recognized by the State of Israel only in 2009.
In the museum, the pieces are made by volunteers of Aktiffelsefe and also available to buy.
The focus on the German side of the war makes it a unique museum in Belgium.
The museum presents antiquities, modern and contemporary art from the David Walsh collection.
The National Museum of Ratnapura is one of the national museums of Sri Lanka.
It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and has been designated as an official landmark of the City of Jacksonville.
After decades of dereliction and much restoration work, it was fully reopened in 1990.
Designed by Samuel Arnold Finley and David Jerome Spence, the armoury was declared a National Historic Site of Canada in 2008.
Designed by architect Joseph Karakis, it was built in 1937-1939 to house the Shevchenko State Art School.
It is one of the largest museums in the United States.
The gallery has more than nine hundred items in the permanent collection and five exhibiting galleries.
The museum also includes a library that stocks documents, pictures and other relevant artifacts relating to maritime history.
From time to time, the museum organizes topics and retrospective exhibitions by naïve artists, expert meetings and educational workshops and playrooms.
It is located on Penn Avenue in the Garfield neighborhood of Pittsburgh.
In February 2013 it gained recognition as one of two dozen "affiliated areas" of the U.S. National Park Service.
It is dedicated to the memory of the great Greek composer Manos Hatzidakis, which is why it is also known as "Gazi Technopolis Manos Hatzidakis".
The collection was successively enriched with many donations.
Nearly all aircraft on display are privately owned and on loan.
It is a "hands-on" museum designed to interest both children and adults.
EdVenture opened to the public in 2003.It has 8 galleries covering 92,000 square feet, plus hands-on exhibits, 2 resource centers, and a 200-seat theater.
In later years the museum established a home in the St. Paul Union Depot, and later in Bandana Square.
The director of the museum is John Stomberg.
The Vino Versum Poysdorf is a municipal museum dedicated to the wine and culture history of Poysdorf and the Weinviertel.
Since it was founded, its collection has grown to over 400,000 objects, including many foreign masterpieces.
Founded in 1977, part of the museum's ongoing appeal is that it brings children and adults together.
Hands on interactive programming will be available to the public as well as special events and programs.
Officially opened on 18 April 2015, it houses the Raffles Natural History Collection.
San Luis Municipal Museum is a museum located in Juana Romero avenue in San Luis, Pinar del Río, Cuba.
Medieval Europe is represented by sculpture, metalwork, and stained glass.
The Nagi Museum Of Contemporary Art is a museum in Nagi, Okayama, Japan.
It was specifically catered to children, with the purpose of educating, entertaining, and enriching children's lives in the greater Los Angeles area.
Paris Gibson Education Center, an alternative high school, opened in the building in 2007.
The Sfax Archaeological Museum is a Tunisian archaeological museum, located in Sfax.
This building was built in 1908 at Ryckman Park as the offices of the Melbourne Beach Improvement Company.
The Grundy is an art gallery located in Blackpool, Lancashire, England.
The museum conveys the rich history and culture of Jews in Europe and North Africa from the Middle Ages to the 20th century.
Since 2008, it has had 173,000 to 292,000 visitors per year, the highest amount of any museum in the province of Groningen.
Additionally the museum hosts exhibitions on historical topics as well as collections of art.
Since 2007, Cité de l'Or also became a training location for new miners.
It is one of many cultural institutions operated by the New Mexico Department of Cultural Affairs.
An object from the museum was utilised in a 10 objects 10 stories exhibition in Hobart in 2016
Construction began in 1986 using plans drawn by Scottish architect J.L.
The NZOC intends to reintroduce the museum's collection through digital activity and outreach programmes to other museums.
The building's name change to the Telus World of Science became official on July 20, 2005 following a $9-million donation to the museum from Telus.
The Railway Museum in Warsaw is located in the former Warsaw Główna PKP railway terminus and is very near to the Warszawa Ochota railway station.
The Museum of Tomorrow is a science museum in the city of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
The Musée historique de la ville de Strasbourg is a museum in Strasbourg in the Bas-Rhin department of France.
There are also conceptual drawings prepared by Walt Disney for the planning of the Games.
The society is also a registered charity.
Part of the museum's collections were formerly housed in the Confucius Temple on Guozijian Road in Beijing.
Permanent and temporary exhibitions are held at the museum, usually related to humanities, and virtual exhibitions are also available.
The Bulgakov House is situated on the ground floor of Bolshaya Sadovaya ulitsa no.
The collection also houses numerous artworks, historical artifacts and extensive documentation from the Tokugawa clan, who ruled Mito Domain during the Edo period.
Riverside Art Museum is an art museum in the historic Mission Inn District of Riverside, California.
100 Places as the Florida Museum of Natural History / Formerly Florida Museum of Natural Sciences.
The Railway Museum is a railway museum in Saitama, Saitama, Japan, which opened on 14 October 2007.
The Utah Museum of Fine Arts is the region's primary resource for culture and visual arts.
It is located in Colombo Fort at the head office of Central Bank of Sri Lanka.
Subsequently abandoned, the area became farmland in the Late Medieval period.
The Arab Image Foundation is a non-profit organization established in Beirut in 1997.
Genuine artifacts, interviews, archive photographs, artworks, historical documents and large scale installations that bring an entire chapter of history to life.
The National Science and Technology Museum is a museum of applied science and technology in Sanmin District, Kaohsiung, Taiwan.
It offers a cultural events programme, courses for adults, historic library and archive collections and community programme.
It was founded in May 2006, and it is located in the heart of Moscow's historic and cultural center, on Bolshoi Kozikhinskii Pereulok, near Patriarchs Ponds.
The building is a contributing property to the High Falls Historic District, listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Museum for Historical Maybach Vehicles is a privately owned automobile museum in Neumarkt in der Oberpfalz, Bavaria, Germany.
An addition to the museum was completed in 1988.
There is an area devoted to sparkling cider.
This place is an integral part of the cultural and architectural heritage of the city.
The campus is part of the city's Cultural Center Historic District listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
However, there is no archaeological evidence in support of Christian claims, and it is considered a myth dating to the middle ages.
It focuses on fashionable dress for men, women and children from the late 16th century to the present day and has more than 100,000 objects.
The Director of the museum since June 6, 2007 has been Joanna Mytkowska.
Aircraft restoration and museum operations is performed by a small staff of paid employees along with volunteers.
It is now owned by the Julia Margaret Cameron Trust who run Dimbola Museum and Galleries.
MOAH is a 501 non profit organization and a member of the American Alliance of Museums.
References to other creatures are included in the tour and it is explained that "Fairies move in clouds of dust", with fairy dust included as well.
These restored the original Aston Webb interiors and host the European collections 1600–1815.
The house belonged to Mahatma Gandhi: he lived and worked there between 1908 and 1909.
It was established on 30 December 1982.
The significant responsibility for preserving Mongolian cultural heritage therefore lies with the museum.
It is situated on an isolated rock on the western side of the city Datia.
Access to the display areas and mini theatre are free.
The Conservatory, Garden Store, and Lobby are open 7 days a week: Mon., Tues., and Thurs.
Two former barrelhouses on the site were converted into condominia while the museum became an office building, leased to software company Waterloo Maple.
The DX contains the Permanent Collection of Canadian Industrial Design and is home to the Clairtone archives, Fred Moffat archives and Thomas Lamb archives.
Kilby Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada.
The Albertinum is a modern art museum.
In that same month, plans for expansion of the museum were announced.
The Royal Tyrrell Museum is operated by Alberta's Ministry of Culture.
vHMML Reading Room gives registered users access to HMML’s photographic manuscript archives from around the world.
It is managed by the Leisure and Cultural Services Department of the Hong Kong Government.
It was jointly created by architect Arata Isozaki and artists whose works are displayed.
It was founded by gallery owner Tatiana Nabrosova-Brusilovskaya in December 1993.
The Anna Wintour Costume Center is a wing of the Metropolitan Museum of Art that houses the collection of the Costume Institute.
The museum holds collections on history, numismatics, archeology and decorative arts.
The museum consists of three display hangars and has additional storage-only hangars.
It is open to the public by prior reservation.
The Anne Frank House is a writer's house and biographical museum dedicated to Jewish wartime diarist Anne Frank.
The Hash, Marihuana & Hemp Museum is located at Oudezijds Achterburgwal 148, open daily, and costs €9 per adult.
It provides assistance to artists and galleries, and manages the Fonds national d'art contemporain.
It is believed that many of those drawings were conceived in the Audubon House garden.
Hawthorne Cottage is a National Historic Site of Canada located in Brigus, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
Azerbaijan Carpet Museum) displays Azerbaijani carpets and rug items of various weaving techniques and materials from various periods.
New Vision Gallery was a contemporary craft and art gallery operating in Auckland, New Zealand in the 1950s, 1960s and 1970s.
From 2011 to 2016, the National Taiwan Museum of Fine Arts attracted more than 1 million visitors each year.
The Center for the History of Collecting is a research institute of the Frick Art Reference Library, which is attached to The Frick Collection.
The Washington Post called the museum a mainstay in the international art world and the main venue for contemporary African art in the United States.
The Institut Valencià d'Art Modern is an important center for modern and contemporary art in Spain and Europe.
The H. Lee White Marine Museum is located in Oswego, New York.
It was previously known as Kinghorn Museum, and is located on what was once known as Kinghorn, now subsumed by King City.
'Solidarity' 62, but it also has these branches:
The museum hosts an annual calendar of exhibitions featuring contemporary artists and ideas.
The Ross Farm Museum is an agricultural museum located in New Ross, Nova Scotia, about an hour's drive from Halifax.
The building has been closed off until renovations by the city can begin.
Although 16 Martello towers were built in Canada, only 11 are still standing, four of them in Kingston.
Antiquarian interest in the site began in 1849, when a nearby Anglo-Saxon cemetery was discovered.
The Edwardian building was donated to the people of Southend-on-Sea in 1952 by Walter Beecroft to house his eclectic collection of art works.
The Candy Store Gallery introduced many important artists and styles of art, and was a leading showcase for the Funk artists of northern California, United States.
It also includes a historical powder magazine and a toy museum.
By that time, Casa Guidi was in poor shape, and the apartment retained hardly any furniture or paintings.
The museum was opened in June 1985 by Chaim Herzog who was then president of Israel and was born in Ireland.
There is a centre here but it is incomplete.
Located in a fortress-like building that once served as the central penitentiary between 1910 and 1979, the center was inaugurated in 1994.
The Museo Popol Vuh is home to one of the major collections of Maya art in the world.
Yelverton Paperweight Centre was a paperweight museum and supplier in Leg O'Mutton, a small hamlet near Yelverton, in the English county of Devon.
Its holdings run from the Middle Ages to the present.
Bellevue House National Historic Site of Canada was the home to Canada's first Prime Minister Sir John Alexander Macdonald from 1848 to 1849.
The museum was founded around 1928, and opened in 1931.
The National Science Centre established in 1992, is a science museum in Delhi, India.
The Lutz Children's Museum is a non-profit children's museum located in Manchester, Connecticut, United States.
The Magic House is a not-for-profit children’s museum located in St. Louis, Missouri.
It was founded in 2009 and is the first new museum in King's College for over 100 years.
Brecknock Museum & Art Gallery is a museum managed by Powys County Council in Brecon, the historic county town of Brecknockshire or Breconshire in Mid Wales.
The museum exposes the city history and opened its doors on 9 October 2010.
The one on the right is inscribed with the first article of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
The Museum is affiliated with the Canadian Museums Association, the Canadian Heritage Information Network, and Virtual Museum of Canada.
The Museum of Fine Arts in Boston, Massachusetts, is the fourth largest museum in the United States.
The Abilene Fine Arts Museum was founded in 1937 by the Art League of the Abilene Woman's Club.
After the war the people of Warsaw treated the place as a cemetery, often bringing flowers and lighting candles.
The Hermitage is a federal state property.
Abington Art Center is an art center located in Abington Township, a northern suburb of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
It is located on the southern edge of the Town of Fort Erie, Ontario, directly across the Niagara River from Buffalo, New York.
The museum opened in October 2004, in Clintwood, Virginia, close to McClure, Virginia, where Ralph Stanley was born.
It is part of the worldwide network of Austrian Cultural Forums of the Austrian Federal Ministry for European and International Affairs.
It also holds models of locks and narrowboats along with traditionally decorated implements traditionally used on the working boats.
The museum conserves and displays artifacts from the 13th archaeological site.
The building has been renovated and reconstructed several times.
Meanwhile, a home for her collection was sought in Málaga.
The first section of the museum, hangar 37, opened with the museum on December 7, 2006, and features much of the museum's static exhibits.
The primary building in Golden Gate Park reopened on September 27, 2008.
The Computer History Museum is a museum established in 1996 in Mountain View, California, US.
The Netherlands Open Air Museum is a national museum focusing on the culture associated with the everyday lives of ordinary people.
The National Soaring Museum is an aviation museum whose stated aim is to preserve the history of motorless flight.
In 1994, it became a branch of the Azerbaijan State Museum of Musical Culture.
It contains a notable collection of Asian art and exhibits various temporary exhibitions.
From the community, the Frost Art Museum has earned the accolade "Miami's Best Museum" and Miami's Best Art Museum 2009.
One of the exhibits includes several artifacts of the Maritime Archaic people that were found in nearby Back Harbour.
The basement of the museum houses the Hall of Fame for the Cape Cod Baseball League.
His study room contains his typewriter and many other personal belongings.
Its holography collection of 1800 pieces is the largest in the world, though not all of it is exhibited.
The facades, the roof and the stairs is the building that houses collections are registered under the title historical monuments since October 29, 1975.
Since 1951, the museum has maintained a traveling exhibition program; as of 2013, more than 2.5 million visitors have seen the exhibitions.
The 43,000 square feet museum offers over 23,000 square feet of exhibit space divided into three main galleries and several smaller exhibits.
Its highlight used to be Leonardo's portrait of Ginevra de' Benci.
The Museum profiles 50,000 years of Indigenous heritage, settlement since 1788 and key events including Federation and the Sydney 2000 Olympics.
Opened in 2008 and housed in Trinity's Naughton Institute, it holds various exhibitions and lectures with a view to science outreach and art-science collaborations.
CANDLES Holocaust Museum and Education Center is a museum in Terre Haute, Indiana which educates the public about the Holocaust.
The Irish Agricultural Museum is a museum dedicated to the history of Irish rural life.
It was named after British humanist and Jesuit theologian Martin D'Arcy, S.J., who amassed an art collection at Campion Hall, Oxford University, in England.
Rickmer Clasen Rickmers, was a Bremerhaven shipbuilder and Willi Rickmer Rickmers, led a Soviet-German expedition to the Pamirs in 1928.
Gallery director and CEO Terry Graff stated that this "expansion and revitalization" aimed to make the gallery "an important destination for national and international contemporary art".
It is the only program of its kind in an American museum.
The building also features the Johnstown Children's Museum, a cafe and a social club.
The reading room downstairs has historic Japanese and English newspapers and books.
The Museum of Indian Culture is located in the Lehigh Parkway at 2825 Fish Hatchery Road in Allentown, Lehigh County, Pennsylvania.
The Chrysler Museum of Art is an art museum on the border between downtown and the Ghent district of Norfolk, Virginia.
Founded in 1939 by Elizabeth Holmes Fisher, she donated 29 paintings at the beginning.
Positioned near the shore of Lake Michigan, the Lincoln Park Conservatory is a conservatory and botanical garden in Lincoln Park in Chicago, Illinois.
This museum was envisioned former Acharya Tejendraprasad of the Narnarayan Dev Gadi.
Hortus Botanicus is a botanical garden in the Plantage district of Amsterdam, the Netherlands.
Tours take approximately 75 minutes and are scheduled according to the season.
Guided tours are also available which take visitors behind the scenes of the All England Lawn Tennis Club and includes admission into the museum.
The museum also contains a large library on related topics that is accessible to researchers.
A small operations team works closely together in a variety of specialist subjects from PR/marketing to Corporate Affairs and Museum Management.
MOCRA is located on the campus of Saint Louis University in St. Louis, Missouri.
Exploratorium which includes many interactive physics and other exhibits
The Quinault Cultural Center and Museum is a museum of culture in Taholah, Washington, owned and funded by the Quinault Indian Nation.
's apology, and funding the museum was one of its first public projects.
Some exhibits inside the museum, such as the theatre, charge separate admission.
The Decorative Arts collection features natural and historical themes in glass and porcelain.
Performers have included Goat Island Performance Group, the Philip Glass Ensemble, and Shobana Jeyasingh Dance Company.
It is a city museum depicting history, art, culture and architecture of Ahmedabad.
In late 2016 the museum is planning an exhibit dedicated to the "Monuments Men."
Around 90% of archival records were buried by the collapse, although it subsequently proved possible to rescue and repair many of them.
The Museum is open Monday through Saturday from 9 AM to 2 PM and on Sunday afternoon by appointment.
The Greater Sudbury Museums are a network of four small community history museums in Greater Sudbury, Ontario.
It was also the location of a Tourist information centre.
In particular, the museum shows traditional dwellings of different Nigerien cultures.
The Museo Nacional Centro de Arte Reina Sofía is Spain's national museum of 20th-century art.
The company employs over 94,000 people worldwide.
The museum houses the second largest collection of mammals in South Africa and includes the taxidermied body of Huberta, the hippopotamus.
The museum building is surrounded by a garden of palm trees and formal flower beds.
The Smithwick's Experience Kilkenny is the original site where Smithwick's was brewed from the 1700s until 2014.
The museum is part of the Royal Air Force Museum, a non-departmental public body sponsored by the Ministry of Defence and a registered charity.
Established in 1904, the museum houses various artworks and collections.
TripAdvisor says "is a museum to learn about all the Andean plants and their use."
Bellevue House was constructed around 1840 for Charles Hales, a wealthy Kingston merchant who profited greatly from the prosperous decade of the 1830s.
The basics of leprechaun folklore are explained, including what it is that defines a leprechaun.
The catacombs are located at a depth of 12–14 meters.
It has its own marketing department and is used by the Schokoladenmuseum Gastronomie GmbH for events.
The Kawara Museum is a museum in Ōmihachiman, Shiga, Japan, devoted to Japanese-style roof tiles.
The museum houses over 370,000 items, including murals, paintings, pottery, coins, as well as bronze, gold, and silver objects.
Parasol unit foundation for contemporary art is an educational charity and a not-for-profit contemporary art gallery based in London.
The museum also publishes books and catalogs concerning its exhibits.
The Tyler Museum of Art is located at 1300 South Mahon Avenue in the city of Tyler, county of Smith in the U.S. state of Texas.
It is also charged as the caretaker of RMIT's permanent University Art Collection.
It is the smallest contemporary art museum in the world.
Archive investigates art practices in the context of a larger cultural and social sphere.
The museum is run by the Fondazione Musei Civici di Venezia.
It was established in 1958 by Aleksander Rybicki and contains 200 buildings which have been relocated from different areas of Sanok Land.
The first iteration of the biennal symposium opened January 13, 1989, gathering 18 sculptors from 13 countries.
Kiev Fortress once belonged to the extensive system of western Russian fortresses that existed in the Russian Empire.
From 1971 an ICL 1906A was installed with twice the computing power of the Atlas 1.
European and American paintings, including works by William McGregor Paxton, R. H. Ives Gammell, William Stanley Haseltine, Frederic Leighton, 1st Baron Leighton and Edwin Blashfield.
The vice president Richard Janke, the Secretary Mary Kegley, and the treasurer Mark Janke also run the museum.
The main attractions of the museum are the Pahari miniature paintings from Basohli.
art and coin gallery is also there in bahawalpur museum.Cholistan Art and Heritage also presented in museum.
The Locksmith's House is a museum in Willenhall, England.
The museum exhibits the Canterbury Cross and contains a gallery dedicated to Rupert the Bear, whose creator Mary Tourtel lived in Canterbury.
Seoul Museum of History is a history museum located in Sinmunno 1 ga, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea.
The Shung Ye Museum of Formosan Aborigines is a museum located just 200 metres diagonally across from the National Palace Museum in Shilin District, Taipei, Taiwan.
Located in the affluent Afif-Abad district of Shiraz, the complex was constructed in 1863.
It houses over one million objects that represent almost all of the eras and civilizations in world history.
The Pavillon de l’eau offers a permanent exhibition about the water supply history of the city, temporary exhibitions, children's activities and thematic meetings.
It is one of only a handful of museums of its kind in Canada.
The Planetarium of Nantes is located on the right bank of the Loire, near the Jules Verne Museum.
Items include a replica Gutenberg press and an original 1916 Proclamation along with a machine similar to the one it was printed on.
The building was occupied by the town until the 1980s, when the town offices were moved to the building that once housed Hyannis State Normal School.
It opened to the public as Kamakura Museum of Literature in November 1985.
Since its opening in January 1998, the DCS has developed and added a great number of programs and exhibits.
The New Archaeological Museum of Patras is located in the city of Patras, Greece.
Planetario Luis Enrique Erro is a planetarium located in Mexico City, owned and operated by the National Polytechnic Institute.
The park is open from May to October.
The museum features archival photographs from the silent era of motion pictures, movie props, historic documents and other movie related memorabilia.
The building complex is only closed on three holidays a year.
The SCMA serves as an important cultural and educational resource for the communities of Smith College, the Five College Consortium, and the town of Northampton.
The exhibition area covers 2,172 m2 and is contained within two large exhibition halls and smaller exhibition rooms.
The construction started in 1451 under grand vizier Veli Mahmud Pasha but due to his death in 1474 the mosque has been completed in 1494.
The site is an anchor point on the European Route of Industrial Heritage.
It also endeavors to remind us that these dangers are still relevant today.
Today, the regiment has a total of three companies:
The museum is run by the City of El Paso.
The house was built in 1893 and was allegedly designed by architect Francis Rattenbury in the Queen Anne Revival style.
It features displays of artifacts including uniforms, medals, photos, models, etc.
The current garden was established in 1958 after it moved from the centre of Brussels; the former site is now the Botanical Garden of Brussels.
The Jesús Emilio Ramírez González Planetarium of Medellín is a planetarium located in Medellín, Colombia and established on October 10, 1984.
Hands On Children's Museum is a children's museum in Olympia, Washington, USA.
Dedicated to the French artist Jean Cocteau, it incorporates the collection of American businessman and Cocteau enthusiast Séverin Wunderman.
The museum’s focus is on children ages birth through 10 and their caregivers.
The city provided the building and land.
There are 611 honoured members of the hall.
The musée d'Archéologie nationale is a major French archeology museum, covering pre-historic times to the Merovingian period.
Watford Museum is a local museum in Watford, Hertfordshire, in the United Kingdom.
The building housing the museum was used by the SS to torture members of the Italian Resistance in the first half of 1944.
It is the design of the German architect Friedrich August Stüler, who also designed the Neues Museum in Berlin.
The museum also provides German and civilian perspectives.
The first work in the Murdock Collection was purchased in 1939.
Rock art heritage has posed special challenges in attracting attention and visitors.
Exhibitions include works both internal and borrowed, and have ranged from solo artist to broad, survey shows.
It also includes his furniture and belongings from his studio when he lived in New York City and his private manuscripts.
Within the site is a Tea House, Gift Shop and a Museum.
Haverfordwest Museum is a local history and heritage museum in Haverfordwest, Pembrokeshire.
It is located on 219 South May Street in Downtown Fort William.
Here we find work boats and boats of bygone days, as well as a presentation of wooden boat building along clinker and cravel-techniques.
In addition to its gallery and educational spaces, the Jepson Center has its own cafe and gift shop.
King Plow is the largest center of its kind in the city.
The museum is currently housed in the Northern Triangle Building, to the immediate north of Emirates Stadium, the club's home ground.
The museum is located on Kotlin Island in the central part of Kronstadt.
The entirety of the site was transferred to the museum in February 1976.
The museum is located in front of the Lluís Companys Olympic Stadium at the Montjuïc hill.
The collections covers from 2500 BCE to the 19th century.
As of May 2011, the museum is second-highest rated attraction in Hood River according to Trip Adviser and has continued to hold this rating.
The organization runs a museum with exhibits at Daniel S. Frawley Stadium on the Riverfront in Wilmington, Delaware and promotes physical fitness in the community.
As of 2017, 108 individuals have been inducted into the Pacific Coast League Hall of Fame.
Taha Hussein Museum is a historic house museum and biographical museum in Cairo, Egypt.
The first of its exhibits is dedicated to the Democratic Republic of Armenia of 1918 to 1920.
The William R. and Clarice V. Spurlock Museum, better known as the Spurlock Museum, is an ethnographic museum at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
These are in display since August 1999.
The farm is owned and operated by the Westchester County Department of Parks, Recreation and Conservation.
It was redesigned between 1926 and 1932 by architect Ernest Hébrard.
The Kálmán Makláry Fine Arts gallery is a showcase for artists of the Post-War School of Paris.
It is considered to be one of the most impressive college museums in the country.
The history of the Royal Regiment of Fusiliers is told in chronological order via the use of story panels and pictures and relevant artefacts.
In Shelburne Mrs. Webb sought to create "an educational project, varied and alive."
The Muzeum Śląska Cieszyńskiego is a museum in the town of Cieszyn, Silesian Voivodeship, Poland.
Athens is also the southernmost capital on the European mainland.
The Society Office houses exhibits that display artefacts from the collection, public research space, a gift shop, and staff offices.
Artwork circulates from the Tweed collection both nationally and internationally.
The current director of the museum is Hussain Ahmed Madni.
The gallery is a member of the Public Galleries Association of Victoria.
The Monterey Museum of Art collects, preserves, and interprets the art of California from the nineteenth century to the present day.
It also displays information about the role of women during the war and how we remember our fallen heroes.
In September 2003, Waterloo Maple left the building and CIGI moved in.
Along with the Bardo National Museum, it is one of the two main local archaeological museums in the region.
This included the construction of a custom designed 'Factory' area to house facilities for a range of heritage trades.
In addition, the facility houses many memorable baseball materials including various kinds of baseball literature.
The Khon Kaen National Museum has gathered its collection from archaeological sites within North and Eastern Thailand.
It is affiliated to the British Motor Industry Heritage Trust.
The museum displays temporary exhibitions on a rotating basis along with the permanent collection.
Recently completed are an expansion to the outside gardens and a greenhouse.
The six permanent exhibits and the original temporary exhibits were designed by design firm Reich+Petch along with Lord Cultural Resources.
If tourist wants to take a picture with their camera, a ticket pass of Rp.
Their names were signed in a special "Golden Book", the work of famous Russian artist Vsevolod Guljevič.
Other areas of emphasis include textiles and fashion arts as well as a recent focus on modern design.
In 1971, the house was moved to Fort Griswold Battlefield State Park in Groton and restored.
The Royal Society of Chemistry is a learned society in the United Kingdom with the goal of "advancing the chemical sciences".
Wilson's grandson, George Wilson LaPointe, Jr., another lumber baron, and his wife Irene took possession of the home in the early 1920s.
The historic "Old Main" building houses offices, research facilities, the Elgin History Museum, and a gift shop.
It houses a permanent collection of Greek sculpture from the 19th and the 20th centuries and temporary exhibitions, mainly of sculpture.
Other Native American items include Kachina dolls, Southwestern blankets, baskets, and decorative beadwork.
Since May 1979 the icebreaker Sōya has been moored alongside the museum open to the public.
The Latin America Memorial is a cultural, political and leisure complex, inaugurated in 1989, in São Paulo, Brazil.
It hosts special exhibitions on a regular basis and possesses 350.000 vintage prints from the 19th and 20th centuries.
It was founded by George and Helen Gardiner in 1984 to house their collection of ceramic art.
The Mint Museum is a cultural institution in Charlotte, North Carolina that comprises Mint Museum Randolph and Mint Museum Uptown.
The Museum is a living institution, not only a collection of exhibits.
Jameson Distillery Bow St. is the original site where Jameson Irish Whiskey was distilled until 1971.
Windsor Community Museum is a historical museum located in Windsor, Ontario, Canada which displays the city's rich and colourful past.
The Friends of Bracken Hall is working to gather support in order to reopen the museum, and the centre is planned to re-open in late 2015.
It is located in the capital of La Paz, two blocks east of the Prado.
The prop is a feature of a Preston Tucker display.
The Museum is affiliated with the CMA, CHIN, and Virtual Museum of Canada.
It is owned and operated by an independent nonprofit organization called the Mounted Police Heritage Centre and receives annual funding from all three levels of government.
The Xiao Hui Wang Art Center is an art institute at Tongji University, Shanghai.
The Duff Baby House is an historic house located in Windsor, Ontario, Canada.
The museum is located in Knoxville, Iowa, the home of the Knoxville Nationals at Knoxville Raceway.
Participants are not allowed to bring family or friends with them to Skowhegan, nor are visitors allowed on campus.
The museum has free entry, and is one of the Lake District's top attractions.
The forge is reached by crossing the Mazonovo River, a tributary of the Agüeira River.
Some of the major collections it is home to include the Blanche Coggin Underground Railroad Collection, the Harriet Tubman Museum Collection, a Coleman A.
In July 1946 the Polish government decided to designate the site as a place of martyrdom, a testament to the suffering and heroism of the Poles.
The museum was created under the leadership of tribal chairman Edward Eugene Claplanhoo and opened in 1979, soon after the Lake Ozette site was unearthed.
Amherstburg Freedom Museum, previously known as 'the Black Museum' is located in Amherstburg, Ontario, Canada.
The Sultan Iskandar Planetarium is a planetarium in Kuching, Sarawak, Malaysia.
It has many science programs that are devoted to inspiring the children of Australia to love science.
Many major temporary exhibitions of modern and contemporary art have taken place on a separate floor over the years, among them many one-person exhibitions.
The Archive was founded by trumpeter Digby Fairweather in 1988, with support from Essex County Council.
The museum is home to a significant and comprehensive collection of Gandharan art dating from the 1st to the 7th centuries CE.
The Morrin Centre is a cultural centre in Quebec City, Quebec, Canada.
The museum is open Wednesday through Sunday, 12 pm to 5 pm and the 3rd Thursdays of each month, 5 pm to 8 pm.
The Museums Quarter comprises the Streetlife Museum, the Hull and East Riding Museum, the Arctic Corsair trawler and Wilberforce House Museum.
After the remodelling and repairs were completed, the building was opened to the public as the Ankara Archaeological Museum.
These collections include everything from railway artifacts, items from early Transcona businesses, historic clothing and household objects, to special natural and cultural history collections.
Elgar was born here on 2 June 1857, and lived here until his family moved to Worcester two years later.
The Liberty Bell Museum is a non-profit organization and museum located in Zion's United Church of Christ in Allentown, Pennsylvania, in the United States.
It is a government-supported institution founded in 1985 by Charles-Henri Favrod in an 18th-century mansion.
In 1930 a monument to Aivazovsky, by Ilya Ginzburg, with the inscription "Feodosia to Aivazovsky" was erected in front of the main building.
The smallest of the three complexes the Brasilia branch, designed by Alba Rabelo Cunha.
Many design museums were founded as museums for applied arts or decorative arts and started only in the late 20th century to collect design.
Tietomaa is located in old buildings of the Veljekset Åström Oy, a former leather processing factory.
It was renovated as an art museum in 1988-1990.
It was captured by the Belgian army in 1918.
The Museo del Objeto del Objeto, or MODO, is a museum in Mexico City and the first museum in Mexico dedicated to design and communications.
By January 10, 2013, the busts had been moved to private storage at a local farm by Howard Hankins.
The Istanbul Naval Museum is a national naval museum, located at Beşiktaş district of Istanbul in Turkey.
The Cummer Museum of Art and Gardens is a museum located in Jacksonville, Florida.
The Baba House is also an outpost of the National University of Singapore Museum and co-managed by the NUS Centre for the Arts.
The Roswell Museum and Art Center is located in Roswell, New Mexico, United States, and features exhibits about the art and history of the American Southwest.
There is a third Alexander Grin museum in Russia, in Vyatka.
The Women's Museum Istanbul is currently in search of a building that would be suitable for the concept it envisages.
The museum comprises the Birthplace Cottage and its delightful garden, and the modern Elgar Centre, opened in 2000, which houses further exhibitions and a function room.
The Center branch of the Museum features pre-20th-century European paintings, drawings, illuminated manuscripts, sculpture, and decorative arts; and 19th- and 20th-century American, Asian, and European photographs.
Almost 20,000 visitors are attracted to the MoA annually.
It is named after the founder, J.D.
During the 1980s and 2003-2011 it offered tourist train rides between Lenox and Stockbridge on the Housatonic Railroad right-of-way.
The collection features Western art from the Middle Ages to the present.
Adjacent to the National Mall in Washington, D.C., the USHMM provides for the documentation, study, and interpretation of Holocaust history.
It has features works by Paul Joseph Stankard and classes taught by Dante Marioni, Davide Salvadore, and Cesare Toffolo.
La Maison Gabrielle Roy or The House of Gabrielle Roy is a museum in the former home of writer Gabrielle Roy.
It is a branch of the Museum of Independence.
Berlin Dungeon is a tourist attraction from a chain including the London Dungeon and Hamburg Dungeon.
The permanent collection has more than 42,000 works of art, and at least one major traveling exhibition is usually on show.
It combines the collections of the former Peabody Museum of Salem and the Essex Institute.
Roscommon County Museum is a museum dedicated to the history of County Roscommon, and is run by the County Roscommon Historical and Archaeological Society.
Part of the collection is on display for the benefit of students.
It was built in 1895 by the Saxon-Greek architect Ernst Ziller for the Stathatos Family.
The museum also displays the equipment of the former Studio di fonologia musicale di Radio Milano.
Castle Cary and District Museum is a small local museum in Castle Cary, Somerset, England.
It houses a collection of British-made road transport.
The museum is located in Holborn, London, adjacent to Lincoln's Inn Fields.
Bronzeville Children's Museum is a museum in the Calumet Heights community area of the South Side of Chicago.
The museum covers the Second Spanish Period medical practices.
The Sarawak State Museum is the oldest museum in Borneo.
At various annual events held by the ARHS - now Rail Heritage WA, have included active steam and diesel displays 
The brigade was being inspected by King George VI but there were not enough regulation khaki puttees for all the soldiers.
The Windsor facility was closed and parts of the collection were later auctioned locally.
The Combat Air Museum is a museum at Topeka Regional Airport / Forbes Field, in Williamsport Township, Shawnee County, near Topeka, Kansas.
The museum was again restored in 2011 to increase the exhibition spaces, restore the roof as well as other security measures.
Other facilities include a theater, a wood shop, and art and ceramics studios.
Lieutenant-Colonel William Jervois was sent to Canada to establish the Canadian defence plan.
The Beijing Planning Exhibition Hall is an urban planning museum located at 20 Qianmen E St, beside Tiananmen Square in Beijing, China.
In May 2013, ToonSeum hosted the two-day North American Conference of the National Cartoonists Society.
The museum first opened in 1980 in the former HMCS Chippawa building at 51 Navy Way in Winnipeg.
The Great Plains Transportation Museum is a railroad museum in Wichita, Kansas, United States.
The centre is located opposite Gandhi Sagar Lake in the heart of Nagpur.
The center features permanent and changing exhibits and galleries focusing on local history and culture.
Richmond Hill Heritage Centre is an 1840s Regency-style dwelling in Richmond Hill, Ontario, Canada, and is a noteworthy example of its style.
The building was reconstructed following a terrible fire in 1916 and remained a functioning high school for decades thereafter.
The Allard Pierson Museum is the archaeological museum of the University of Amsterdam.
In July, 2009, the museum opened an automobile display featuring classic racing cars, The Woodland Auto Display.
With roots stretching back to 1856, the museum is one of North America's oldest cultural institutions.
Museum Slager is an art museum in 's-Hertogenbosch, Netherlands, dedicated to the work of eight local painters from three generations of a single family, Slager.
It is housed in the oldest building in Pretoria, the 1848 House, and the museum is operated by Ditsong Museums of South Africa.
The museum collection begins with works of prehistoric art from the 1st – 4th centuries BC.
Established in 1962, the Arlington Historical Museum is operated by the Arlington Historical Society.
The majority of these programmes and projects have been accomplished with book publications or articles in journals, or papers given at congresses.
The Museum of Classic Chicago Television is an online museum dedicated to the preservation of Chicago television broadcasts.
The main level hosts Dr. Henry Fok Cultural Hall, Henry G.D. Chow auditorium and a traditional Chinese medicine facility.
The museum is affiliated with the Canadian Museums Association, the Ontario Museum Association and the Ontario Association of Art Galleries.
The intended purpose of the pioneer village is to involve the community in the preservation of history and tradition through living history experiences.
The Marine Corps Air-Ground Museum was located at Brown Field, Marine Corps Base Quantico, Quantico, Virginia.
It is located on the grounds of the Zhan Yuan Garden, a historical garden in Nanjing, China.
In addition to the museum the building hosts a library specialized in Ladin language and culture.
The first two inductees in 1990 were Mabel Sine Wadsworth and Margaret Chase Smith.
In 2012, it opened a new location at 52 Norfolk St., after having previously been located in a three-story building at 6 Dublin Street South.
Chard Museum is a small local museum in Chard, Somerset, England.
The museum in the building of Alte Oberpostdirektion at Stephansplatz square was owned by the Museumsstiftung Post und Telekommunikation.
The Tokyo Metropolitan Teien Art Museum is an art museum in Tokyo, Japan.
It has a library and a bookshop specializing in poetry, a music library, and an auditorium.
52,500 visitors viewed 118 items at the Potteries Museum during a 23-day exhibition in February 2010.
The Nicola Valley Museum and Archives is in Merritt, British Columbia.
It is preserves the history of the architectural styles of Ponce and Puerto Rico.
It is famous for its art works, including Caravaggio's The Seven Works of Mercy.
The Glenbow Museum is an art and history museum in the city of Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
An expansion adds direct touch experiences with contemporary technologies such as virtual reality, self-driving cars, the internet of things, and robotics.
The Royal Regiment of Artillery was formed in the Arsenal in 1716 and the regiment had its home in Woolwich for over 290 years.
The Museum is a typical and well-preserved example of a nineteenth century British steam-powered potter's mill.
It contains objects related to the history and culture of Lebanon from the Phoenician era to modern times.
The museum is located within the park complex of Taman Sriwedari.
The gallery underwent major redevelopment and reopened in August 2012; in 2013 it won the national prize for Museum of the Year.
The Automuseum Dr. Carl Benz is a privately owned automobile museum in Ladenburg, Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
The Conservancy of Southwest Florida focuses its efforts in five Southwest Florida counties: Collier, Charlotte, Lee, Hendry and Glades.
The Darwin Centre is a more recent addition, partly designed as a modern facility for storing the valuable collections.
The museum cohosts the Zuni Festival of Arts and Culture every May with the Museum of Northern Arizona.
It was dedicated by Franklin Delano Roosevelt in 1936 and officially opened to the public on Memorial Day, 1938.
The collection spans some 400.000 posters with a wide foundation, covering all types of posters from commercial advertising to wall art, both national and international.
The Science Demonstration Corner conducts live demonstrations and experiments to groups of visitors and students.
A third site, located in the city of Saquarema, is used as a support and logistics center for field activities.
The museum is located on the El Neel Avenue in Khartoum in Al-Mugran area near the spot where the White and the Blue Niles meet.
The Beaumont Children's Museum is a children's museum temporarily located in the Beaumont Civic Center in Beaumont, Texas.
It is the oldest art museum in São Paulo, founded on December 24, 1905, and established as a state museum since 1911.
Of a modern Scandinavian design, it was built between 1968-72 by Finnish architects Elissa and Alvar Aalto and Danish architect Jean-Jacques Baruël.
In 1982 the Ontario Heritage Trust acquired the property.
In 1905, the Leipzig-based Neue Bachgesellschaft acquired the building.
AIATSIS is located on Acton Peninsula in Canberra, Australian Capital Territory.
The Orange County Regional History Center is a private non-profit history museum located in downtown Orlando, Florida, United States.
It is located in Lloyd George's home village of Llanystumdwy, Wales, and is run by Gwynedd Council.
Initially named the Tibetan National Commemoration and Documentation Center, many different ideas were discussed before the final concept was agreed upon by the Central Tibetan Administration.
It is part of the National Council of Science Museums, an autonomous body under India's Ministry of Culture.
Milburn completed the drawings of the building in mid-1903, and a drawing of the proposed building appeared in the Charleston Evening Post on June 5, 1903.
Later further developments were made to the entrance plaza, sculpture park, and ecology park.
It has a large research collection, archive of information and more than 3,500 items about the Ballarat tramways.
The Snite Museum of Art is a fine art museum on the University of Notre Dame campus, near South Bend, Indiana.
The National Gallery in Prague is a state-owned art gallery in Prague, which manages the largest collection of art in the Czech Republic.
After the Berlin Wall had come down, it was taken over by artists, who called it Tacheles, Yiddish for "straight talking".
Gallery Arcturus is an art gallery and museum in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
The offer includes guided tours, educational events and lectures.
The Hiller Aviation Museum is an aircraft history museum located at the San Carlos Airport in San Carlos, California.
The Kerkouane Archaeological Museum is a Tunisian archaeological museum, in Kerkouane.
It is located beside the Peterborough Nene Valley railway station, but it is a separate organisation.
The Bournemouth Aviation Museum is an aviation museum located next to Bournemouth International Airport, near the village of Hurn in Christchurch.
The Collection operates a museum, which includes the Williams Gallery; Louisiana History Galleries; the Williams Residence, a house museum and a museum shop.
The Canadian Centre for Architecture is a museum of architecture and research centre in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
There is space for several exhibitions, a planetarium, and science labs and classrooms for educational courses.
Pioneer Acres and its volunteers preserve, display, and demonstrate equipment and artifacts that were used by the pioneers of Western Canada.
Sully & Toledano designed the hall, which was completed in 1888, following the Richardsonian Romanesque style of the Howard Library designed by H.H.
Arcam focuses on architecture, urban design, and landscape architecture.
The Galleria d'Arte Moderna is a modern art museum in Milan, in Lombardy in northern Italy.
The Gianni Caproni Museum of Aeronautics is Italy's oldest aviation museum, as well as the country's oldest corporate museum.
The museum’s collection comprises approximately 45,000 objects, with about 1,400 on display.
The museum is an anchor point of the European Route of Industrial Heritage and part of Amgueddfa Cymru – National Museum Wales.
