Subsequent double and triple inductees into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame are said to be members of the "Clyde McPhatter Club."
He exuded an overtly sexual, macho cool with his flowing locks, and lithe and exuberant stage movements."
Its 12 tracks included "New Pair" and "The Very Last Boy Alive" which have also been recorded by Babyshambles.
Her subsequent singles "Wonderful" and "Enough" also received airplay on San Francisco's pop/adult AC station Alice 97.3.
Richard "Rick" Davies is an English musician, singer and songwriter best known as the founder, vocalist and keyboardist of progressive rock band Supertramp.
Summer has reportedly sold over 130 million records, making her one of the world's best-selling artists of all time.
"The Clapping Song" sold over one million copies, and was awarded a gold disc.
Through folk etymology, the name also became associated with Latin grex meaning "flock" or "herd".
Brown was active as a recording artist from 1925 to 1929.
Lovebug Starski is an American MC, musician, and record producer.
Released as "Juntos Con Roberto Torres Y Chocolate".
Johnson's first album with AC/DC, Back in Black, became the second all-time best-selling album worldwide according to some estimates.
Rod Morgenstein is an American drummer and music educator.
1 on the Top Country Albums chart and was certified multi-platinum in sales by the Recording Industry Association of America.
She's credited as playing anything from "colorful juice glasses" and "witch laugh megaphone" to "beer cans."
Kelis Rogers better known mononymously as Kelis, is an American singer, songwriter and chef.
Nick Steven Oliveri is an American multi-instrumentalist, singer and songwriter from Palm Desert, California.
Tom Shear is an American musician and music producer, and is the sole member of the electronic act Assemblage 23.
Melbourne Robert "Bob" Cranshaw was an American jazz bassist.
Ivor Neville "Nick" Kamen is an English male model, songwriter and musician, and brother of session guitarist Chester Kamen.
Demarczyk is recognized as one of the most talented and charismatic singers in the history of Polish music.
In 2009, she released an instrumental piano album titled Piano Trees before releasing her new studio album Dancing on Needles on February 1, 2011.
She arranged for him to start taking lessons.
With U2, the Edge has also played keyboards, co-produced their 1993 record Zooropa, and occasionally served as co-lyricist.
He has served as producer and arranger for artists in a range of genres and also has several solo albums to his credit.
He was also a member of Trip Shakespeare during the late 1980s and early 1990s.
Brendan Michael Perry is a singer and multi-instrumentalist best known for his work as the male half of the duo Dead Can Dance with Lisa Gerrard.
Simon is the former wife of another notable singer-songwriter, James Taylor.
Smith and Dickinson returned to Iron Maiden in 1999, after which the band gained new success.
Chris came more into the center of the spotlight in the follow-up effort Lick It Up!
José has also forged a career as an actor, starring in movies such as Gavilán o Paloma and Perdóname Todo.
Harris than embarked on a world tour with South African pianist/composer Abdullah Ibrahim in 1981.
The song "Garota de Ipanema" has been recorded over 240 times by other artists.
He is best known for leading the NBC Orchestra on The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson.
Her stage name is taken from Geena Davis's character in the film The Long Kiss Goodnight.
He was allowed few lead vocals in the 1960s, but his prominence as a singer-songwriter increased into the 1970s.
Donald Matthew Redman was an American jazz musician, arranger, bandleader and composer.
He is best known for being the co-founder of the band Mr. Big.
She left the university's nursing program to pursue a career in music.
He currently runs Core Entertainment Org., and is partners with Jeremy Rosen Esq.
He has been called "superstar, singer, musician, Panafricanist, polygamist, mystic, legend."
Zombie rose to fame as a founding member of the heavy metal band White Zombie, releasing four studio albums with the band.
Lee instead decided to use unknown "hired guns" to perform and record with Fear in order to maintain all the publishing rights and keep the royalties.
He played keyboards, sang, and wrote songs with Andrew Latimer.
Ramón Luis Ayala Rodríguez, known by his stage name Daddy Yankee, is a Puerto Rican singer, songwriter, rapper, actor and record producer.
He has worked with game companies such as Allumer, NMK, Raizing and Cave.
His musical career is split between studio albums, collaborations and film soundtracks.
In a music career that spanned more than 40 years, Entwistle was best known as the original bass guitarist for the English rock band The Who.
Since the beginning of her career, she has sold over five million albums.
Susan Kay Bogguss is an American country music singer and songwriter.
She made her television acting debut in a six-month arc as Angelina Veneziano on The Young and the Restless.
He worked with Sony Music designing and writing guitar loop packages.
Wolfgang Flür is a German musician, formerly a member of the electronic group Kraftwerk from 1973 to 1987, playing electronic percussion.
Shayne P Carter is a musician best known for leading Straitjacket Fits from 1986–1994, and as the only permanent member of Dimmer.
Contrary to popular belief, he was not its co-creator, but "was introduced [...] by close friends at a quite early stage."
Rohail Hyatt, is a Pakistani record producer, keyboardist, and composer.
After completing his PhD at Princeton, Randel joined Cornell University as an assistant professor in 1968.
Kristin Hersh is an American singer, songwriter and author, known for her solo work and with her rock bands Throwing Muses and 50FootWave.
Bono was born and raised in Dublin, Ireland.
In 1939, Hatley was fired from the Roach studio.
She was one of the first celebrities to go public with her breast cancer diagnosis, but did not disclose she was terminally ill.
At an early age Johann Wilhelm accompanied his father, an accomplished viol player, on tour at the harpsichord.
Vidna Obmana is a pseudonym used by Belgian composer and ambient musician Dirk Serries.
He also become associated with playing an early form of guitar synthesizer called the SynthAxe, a company he endorsed in the 1980s.
An Pierlé is a Belgian pianist and singer-songwriter.
Timothy John Gane is an experimental-rock/pop English musician, formerly of Stereolab.
He has also written the single "Twist in the Dark" for Anni-Frid Lyngstad of Abba.
As a music artist he appeared in many British variety shows including Top of the Pops, CD:UK, MTV, a radio2XS Barn Session and The Big Breakfast.
He was influenced by songwriters Guy Clark and Townes Van Zandt.
Excerpts from the blog were included in Travis Elborough and Nick Rennison's A London Year and in the follow-up title A Traveller's Year.
Higgins said that he was influenced by other old-time fiddlers including Emmett Lundy and Fiddlin' Arthur Smith.
At 14 he signed a contract with the Grill El Caracol Rojo as lead vocalist.
In 2011, Buckingham was ranked 100th in Rolling Stone Magazine's 2011 list of "The 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time".
Ivry Gitlis is an Israeli virtuoso violinist and UNESCO Goodwill Ambassador.
Lincoln Barrington "Sugar" Minott was a Jamaican reggae singer, producer and sound-system operator.
Few modern writers have shown so signal a gift as his for the difficult art of hymn-writing.
She is the mother of Chynna Phillips.
He generally wrote the melody for Squeeze's songs, while his writing partner, Chris Difford, wrote the lyrics.
Outside of wrestling, Cena has released the rap album You Can't See Me, which debuted at No.
At the turn of the century, Kaun returned to Germany and continued his teaching in Berlin.
He resides in Carmel, CA with his wife and daughter.
Robert William Lamm is an American keyboardist, singer and songwriter who came to fame as a founding member of the pop rock band Chicago.
Baltzar may have studied the violin with Gregor Zuber and composition with Franz Tunder.
Tatsurō Yamashita is a Japanese singer-songwriter and record producer.
Leon(h)ard Lechner was a German composer and music editor who worked with Orlando de Lassus.
He is the original guitarist and the longest continuous member of the British rock band Marillion.
Wilfred Gibson was an English violinist, session musician, and early member of the Electric Light Orchestra.
From 1993 until 2002, Shimomura worked for Square, where she composed for a further eight games.
He was often referred to as "Mr Rigoletto" in reference to the Verdi opera.
Ted Ramírez is Tucson's official troubadour as proclaimed by Tucson's Mayor and Council on December 17, 2001.
He is the son of the songwriter and drummer Doyle Bramhall.
She was ranked number 31 in CMT's 40 Greatest Women in Country Music in 2003.
AllMusic said: "The warm, mellifluous voice of Paul Heaton often masks the jagged satirical content of his lyrics."
He is best known for his 2002 summer club hit "Satisfaction".
For his career as an occasional playback singer he used only his surname Chitalkar.
He uses the techniques of looping and shaping harmonies, minimizing the configurations to a few notes.
Heavily influenced by classic hard rock and heavy metal bands of the 1970s and 1980s, Hawkins is noted for his falsetto singing voice and on-stage persona.
In late 2012 Owen appeared on BBC1’s Watchdog as part of their ‘Rogue Traders’ team.
His surname, combined with that of Mick Fleetwood, was the inspiration for the band's name.
Myron Floren was an American musician best known as the accordionist on The Lawrence Welk Show between 1950 and 1980.
In 1982 he started performing in public, and a number of his songs gained wide popularity.
He also has written or co-written 21 number one singles since his debut in 1978 as a solo artist.
She moved to Los Angeles in 2010.
In 2006, Pierce released his first solo album, Guitar Loops, a limited release on Coxon and Wales's Treader record label.
Guinness World Records lists Gibb as the second most successful songwriter in history behind Paul McCartney.
He accompanied regularly other famous Afghan musicians like Ahmad Zahir and Ustad Mahwash on his tabla.
She has released material under the name Issa – an identity which she used formally between 2006 and 2009.
Shortly after his arrival, he met Mike Gordon and Trey Anastasio, where they co-founded Phish.
Andrew Wegman Bird is an American violinist, singer, and songwriter.
In 1957, a cultural organization in Delhi appointed Hafiz Ali Khan as its guest and the family moved to Delhi.
He was a member of the hip-hop group Thug Life and is the older brother of Tupac Shakur.
One of the two extant photographs of him show him playing a guitar and wearing a full-length white apron and cook's hat.
Linton Kwesi Johnson is a UK-based Jamaican-British dub poet.
Greg Camp, is an American Grammy Award-nominated songwriter, guitarist, and vocalist.
A renowned veterinarian, diplomat and leading voice of the Négritude literary movement, Diop exemplified the "African renaissance man."
Returning to Britain in 1962, he sold records from the back of his car to the Jamaican community.
They also toured Europe and UK once with Cave In.
Underpinned by an extensive background in abstract hip hop, his more recent music has extensively incorporated blues, country, rock, folk and avant-garde influences.
She has established herself on the music scene of the former Yugoslavia and Bulgaria.
Also appearing on the album are Feist and Sarah Harmer, both as guest vocalists.
Scallions has denied vocal issues and the negated vocal surgery rumors as reasons for his leaving.
White has been nominated for various awards as a part of the White Stripes, and has received four Grammy Awards.
Glyn Thomas Johns is an English musician, recording engineer and record producer.
Winchester was best known as a songwriter.
Having been unable to afford one, he strove to use the guitar to create similarly smooth lines of notes.
He owns the Margaritaville Cafe restaurant chain and co-developed the Cheeseburger in Paradise restaurant chain.
Straight died in Chicago on the evening of September 22, 1940, after being struck by a car.
Her Orthodox mother and her Conservative father were a founding family of Philadelphia's Reform Temple Beth Elohim.
Material recorded by him has been re-released by many record labels.
Alessandro Safina is an Italian operatic pop tenor.
After playing tenor saxophone and piano at school in Connecticut, Silver got his break on piano when his trio was recruited by Stan Getz in 1950.
She was described by entertainer Harry Belafonte as "the single most powerful black woman in the United States".
His first professional performances were with Benny Goodman's band when they toured Europe in 1949 and 1950.
His most recent hits include "Get 'Em Going", "Chillaxin', and "S7ven Large".
He was best known as the lead vocalist for the rock bands Soundgarden and Audioslave.
He has also led a solo career since 1998.
He invented the electric banjo and also plays the five-string banjo, dobro, steel guitar, mandolin, electric bass and guitar.
Jimmy Cliff, OM is a Jamaican ska and reggae musician, multi-instrumentalist, singer and actor.
Ondar was born near the Khemchik River in western Tuva.
She died in 2013, and is survived by Lawrence, who continues to perform as a solo act.
The true causes of his death have not yet been agreed upon.
He also sings for the death/thrash metal band Tenet.
He has worked in the group Trio 3 with Reggie Workman and Andrew Cyrille.
Ulvaeus made her musical debut in 1981, aged eight, when she released the album Nu tändas tusen juleljus, recorded with her mother in 1980.
Delano Floyd McCoury is an American bluegrass musician.
Bush has received widespread critical acclaim for her eclectic, experimental and idiosyncratic music as well as her theatrical performances.
He is a doctor specialized in otolaryngology.
His last solo release was the charity single "The Promise", written for the ending credits for the film of the same name.
His songs are a mixture of Russian poetic and folksong traditions and the French chansonnier style represented by such contemporaries of Okudzhava as Georges Brassens.
He also received nominations in the Best Original Song category for "Gonna Fly Now" from Rocky and for the title song of For Your Eyes Only.
In 2000 he launched the solo titled "Libre" pop album, reaching number No.
For many fans and critics he is considered to be a pioneer of reggaeton and one of the most important figures in Reggae en Español.
She continues to act as president of the independent label Mudgirl Music Group.
Hall was born in Newcastle upon Tyne, England.
In addition to his successful solo career, he was briefly a member of Kansas in the mid-1980s.
Tommy Victor is the lead singer and guitarist for the heavy metal band Prong that he founded in New York City in 1986.
He is one of only two members who have been with Devo throughout its entire history.
In addition to his original work with the band, he helped maintain the band's office, hangout, and recording studio, "The Wherehouse", throughout the 1970s.
Ai Carina Uemura, known mononymously as Ai is a Japanese-American singer and songwriter who was born in Los Angeles.
A multi-instrumentalist, she plays guitar, bass and various keyboard instruments.
Furthermore, Martinho composed some of the most important samba enredos and has forged a solid partnership with the Vila Isabel samba school.
Her music is notably psychedelic and very intimate using a large variety of instruments.
He was the father of songwriter/producer Nicolai Seebach and singer/songwriter/producer Rasmus Seebach.
Steven Gregory Drozd is an American musician and actor.
He died on May 7, 2013 at his home in Austin, due to complications from kidney disease, according to family members.
During the Greek military junta of 1967–1974 Maria Farantouri recorded protest songs in Europe with Mikis Theodorakis.
He experienced a resurgence of popularity and critical acclaim in the late 1990s.
Derek Watkins, better known as Fonzworth Bentley, is a musician and author.
He was the son of painter Anna Trojanowska-Kaczmarska, a Pole of Jewish background, and the artist Janusz Kaczmarski.
In much of his music, and notably on this album, Seck experiments with the use of Indian & Arabic scales.
He was the founding member, songwriter and lead vocalist of the bands Yano, Pan, and dongabay, which are now all defunct.
Gene Cotton is a pop and folk singer-songwriter.
Jackie DeShannon is an American singer-songwriter with a string of hit song credits from the 1960s onwards, as both singer and composer.
He replaced the previous drummer Tommy Stewart in June 2002.
Terry's career in jazz spanned more than 70 years, during which he became one of the most recorded jazz musicians ever, appearing on over 900 recordings.
Kuraki debuted in 1999 with the single, "Love, Day After Tomorrow".
João created the musical genre of bossa nova in the late 1950s.
Leonard Karikoga Zhakata is a Zimbabwean musician and singer.
During his career, Juan Gabriel wrote around 1,800 songs.
He has one daughter and he is the brother of Chris Maurer, who played bass in the band before his departure.
Rosemary Timothy Yuro, professionally known as Timi Yuro, was an American singer and songwriter.
He is also well known for his collaborations with composer Alan Silvestri.
He is perhaps best known for his work with Bad Boy Records.
Weston became music director at Capitol, where he worked with Jo Stafford and developed the mood music genre.
Kara Elizabeth DioGuardi is an American singer-songwriter, record producer, music publisher, A&R executive, composer and TV personality.
Franz "Franzl" Lang, known as the Yodelking, was a yodeller from Bavaria, Germany.
Outside of the band, he has recorded with numerous artists.
Tony Ashwin Kanal is a British-American musician, record producer and songwriter.
Billy Wayne Grammer was an American country music singer and accomplished guitar player.
Asian Man Records supports mostly ska and punk bands.
At the time of the Restoration he went to England, where French music, especially opera, was much in vogue.
In 2004, 2007 and 2012 she placed first in the same category of the Anděl Awards, organized by the Czech Academy of Popular Music.
His music is tonal and neo-classical with a melodic and elegant style.
Esham and his brother James Smith ran the biggest-selling independent hip hop label in Detroit, Michigan throughout the 1990s.
As the organist, keyboardist and saxophonist for Canadian-American rock group the Band, he was a principal architect of the group's unique sound.
As a solo artist, she has performed under her own name and under the moniker Emily Haines & The Soft Skeleton.
Jon Spencer is an American singer, composer and guitarist.
From 1970 to 1995, Kahn was Jerry Garcia's principal musical collaborator outside of the Grateful Dead.
He then made the cross-county transition to Broadway, appearing in Kid Boots, the Ziegfeld Follies of 1924, and Good News.
Stephen James Rochinski is an American jazz guitarist, composer, arranger, author, and educator.
He was the touring drummer for Dimmu Borgir during their performances at Ozzfest 2004, and Wacken Open Air in 2007.
Following the split of the Only Ones, Perrett retreated from public life before forming The One in 1994.
He currently hosts a weekly free form radio show called Endless Party!
His involvement with the Buena Vista Social Club and the Wim Wenders film of the same name, has led him to worldwide fame.
Waters initially served as the group's bassist, but following the departure of Barrett in 1968, he also became their lyricist, co-lead vocalist, and conceptual leader.
She was later buried near her family home in South Carolina.
became hymns for the LGBT Spanish movement, other hits include the massively successful songs, 'Mi novio es un zombie', 'Quiero ser santa' and 'Descongelate'.
Nicolae Guță (Romanian pronunciation: [nikoˈla.e ˈɡut͡sə], born Nicolae Linguraru on December 19, 1967 in Aninoasa, Romania is a Romani manele singer.
May is also an animal rights activist, campaigning against the hunting of foxes and the culling of badgers in the UK.
Sometimes called the "Barnsley Nightingale", she has headlined various British national folk festivals, and is one of the best known contemporary English folk singers.
From age eight he starred alongside his family in the radio and television series The Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet.
In 1988, Cukić formed his backing band, Spori Ritam Band.
Georges Delerue was a French composer who composed over 350 scores for cinema and television.
The three are combined under the corporate umbrella of SPZ.
Simeon ten Holt was a Dutch contemporary classical composer.
These include "The Happiest Girl in the Whole USA" and "Funny Face," both which became crossover pop hits in 1972.
Bernard Alfred "Jack" Nitzsche was an American musician, arranger, producer, songwriter, and film score composer.
He performed with many bandleaders, most notably Tommy Dorsey, Harry James, Count Basie, and led his own big band.
's early albums from 1981 through 1984, and as frontman of the 1980s band Let's Active.
He remains one of the most popular public figures of Turkey.
When not working with John, Olsson has taken up the role of a session musician.
He has released a number of synth-driven and rock-surf influenced pop hit singles since 1981.
Misgarot, Robas' debut album in 1983, was arranged and produced by Matti Caspi.
He is also a writer for Guitar Player magazine and teaches songwriting and music business at Humber College in Toronto.
In France he is known as Frédérik Mey.
Mirwais Ahmadzaï, more commonly known as Mirwais, is a Paris-based record producer and songwriter.
Ilene passed away in February 2017 at the age of 73.
Wakeford lives in London and is married to Sol Invictus violinist Renée Rosen.
Shortly afterward, while touring in Europe, Klopfenstein had a relapse and was flown home from Amsterdam, unable to finish the rest of the tour.
Influences include Kurt Cobain, Leonard Cohen and Bob Dylan.
He rose to fame in 2005 with the success of his major-label debut album The Documentary and found continued success with the 2006 follow-up Doctor's Advocate.
This was followed by Mean Old Man, which has received some of the best sales of Lewis's career.
He started playing with Springsteen in 1971 in two earlier bands and then was an original member of the E Street Band, who formed in 1972.
Richard Alan "Rick" Nielsen is the lead guitarist, backing vocalist, and primary songwriter of the rock band Cheap Trick.
She worked in a wide number of genres – Swedish folklore, Elizabethan songs and opera.
James Webre Blackwood was an American gospel singer and one of the founding members of legendary Southern Gospel quartet The Blackwood Brothers.
His songs "Amazing" and "Only You" made top ten on that chart.
George Glenn Jones was an American musician, singer and songwriter.
Since the 1970s, he has attained 19 Top 40 singles in the UK and 16 Top 40 albums.
Following the sale of Motown Records in 1988, Robinson left the company in 1990.
Although most published sources list the year of her birth as 1890, her gravestone indicates she was born in 1888.
After several album releases and line-up changes, the group moved to the United States in 1974 in an attempt to boost the band's success.
His family sometimes spelled their last name "Breaux", pronounced "Bro".
He also produced for other musicians and composed music for film and television productions, including Incredible Mountains, Queen City Rocker and Raglan by the Sea.
Johnson was one of the first trombonists to embrace bebop music.
In what could be seen as a token gesture by Ridley Scott, Goldsmith's original theme was given an important part in Alien: Covenant.
He is best known as one half of the music production and writing duo The Neptunes and as a member of N.E.R.D.
In the words of Hilly Kristal they were "too demonic".
He was posthumously inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1993.
Osvaldo Noé Golijov is an Argentinian composer of classical music and music professor, known for his vocal and orchestral work.
Alfred Laubin was born in 1906 in Detroit, where his father Carl was a charter member of that city's orchestra, playing the oboe and the clarinet.
Charles Frederick Kip Winger is an American rock musician, a member of the rock band Winger, and a solo artist.
Carlos Andres Dengler, previously known as Carlos D., is an American musician and actor best known as the former bass guitarist for the rock band Interpol.
After leaving The Spinners, Wynne never regained the same success, although he featured in hits by other artists such as "(Not Just) Knee Deep" by Funkadelic.
In 2008, Rolling Stone editors ranked him number 15 on their list of the 100 best singers of all time.
An early player of the electric guitar, Hooker was influenced by the modern urban styles of T-Bone Walker and Robert Nighthawk.
Anthony John Lovato is a singer and guitarist best known for his time fronting the pop-punk band Mest.
Peake has writing credits for several Nickelback songs such as "Someday", "Savin' Me", "Miss You", and "Edge Of a Revolution".
He is considered by many other rock pianists, including Elton John, to be one of the finest American piano rock and blues musicians.
He is also a member of the Bieber Army and looks wistfully at pictures of Ed Sheeran.
Thomas Wesley Pentz, better known by his stage name Diplo, is an American record producer, rapper, singer, songwriter and record executive based in Los Angeles, California.
Farrell continues to produce Lollapalooza with partners William Morris Agency and C3.
He also appeared on national television in the U.S., backing Tom Waits.
Anthony Eric "Tony" James is an English pop musician, best known as the bassist for Generation X and Sigue Sigue Sputnik.
His virtual menagerie of former bands includes Laughing Hyenas, Mule, and The Jesus Lizard, as well as The Denison/Kimball Trio.
Anthony Holloway, better known as DJ Hollywood, is an American MC/rapper and DJ.
After moving into a shared house with James, Tom Jenkinson, Chris Jeffs and Grant Wilson-Claridge, he released his first album Goon on Rephlex in 1996.
Giovanni Battista Guadagnini; was an Italian luthier, regarded as one of the finest craftsmen of string instruments in history.
Wells has songs on over 85 million units sold.
Lötjönen is married to a lawyer and has three children, sons Okko and Aki and daughter Anna.
Anderson's crossover appeal and regular exposure on national television helped her to become one of the most popular and successful country singers of the 1970s.
Lipovača, alongside Marina Tucaković became spiritus movens of the disco band "Mirzino Jato" following the release of their first album in 1978.
After beginning his career in New Orleans he led Jimmie Noone's Apex Club Orchestra, an influential Chicago band that recorded for Vocalion and Decca Records.
She was honored as the 2015 Camp Champion by the American Camp Association.
Carlile garnered wider recognition for her 2007 single The Story, from the album of the same name, was a greater commercial success.
He is the father of musician and composer Anja Garbarek.
Daniel Peter "Danny" Seraphine is an American drummer, record producer, theatrical producer and film producer.
Alban Uzoma Nwapa, known by his stage name Dr. Alban, is a Nigerian-born Swedish musician and producer with his own record label dr-records.
Ian "Ollie" Olsen is an Australian-based multi-instrumentalist, composer and sound designer.
She has starred in two Broadway, one off-Broadway and three national tour shows.
Shannon Wright is an American singer-songwriter from Atlanta, Georgia.
Kazumasa Oda is a Japanese singer-songwriter, and composer.
Kanesha Nichole Brookes, better known by her stage name Brooke Valentine, is an American singer, actress, and model.
Both records are on the 2L label.
David Lovering is an American musician and magician.
His best-known hits are "Nathalie" and "Et maintenant", a 1961 release that became an English language hit as "What Now My Love".
Since then, she has released fifteen studio albums, ten compilation albums, and one live album.
He died in The Station nightclub fire on February 20, 2003, which claimed a total of 100 lives.
She has released music on Rephlex Records, XL Recordings, and Warp.
Through his mother Cher, Elijah is of Armenian, Irish, English, and German ancestry.
Detractors suggest that Whiteman's ornately orchestrated music was jazz in name only, and co-opted the innovations of black musicians.
Mason gained many gold and platinum awards for his work including five Ivor Novello Awards, the most recent of them in 1998.
band Orlík, with whom he released two albums.
He began his musical career soon after playing guitar for Charity Brown's backing band and signed with Infinity Records for a solo contract in 1979.
The name "Jandek" is intended to refer specifically to the musical project and not an individual.
He pioneered the gated reverb drum sound used most famously on the Phil Collins hit "In the Air Tonight".
During her early career, she worked under her birth name Yumi Arai.
Although she played bass in The Pandoras, she was the lead singer and guitarist for the reunion.
Rachel Ann Goswell is an English singer-songwriter and musician who rose to prominence as vocalist and guitarist of the shoegaze band Slowdive, which formed in 1989.
Mahood was then named to co-host CMT Canada's flagship show, CMT Central.
Early in his career he was a guitarist for David Allan Coe and The Dickey Betts Band.
He sang in Azerbaijani, Turkish, Russian, Persian, Georgian, Hindi, Armenian, Urdu, and Bengali among other languages.
Wafah Dufour is an American singer-songwriter, socialite, and model.
During July of the same year, Hutchence and Yates had a daughter, Heavenly Hiraani Tiger Lily.
Q magazine called him "rap's finest storyteller."
Kittie formed in 1996 when Fallon Bowman and Mercedes Lander met in gym class.
Amy Millan is a Canadian indie rock singer and guitarist.
Hill has won five Grammy Awards, 15 Academy of Country Music Awards, six American Music Awards, and several other awards.
His career is a history of associations with bandleader Glenn Miller and former musicians and singers who worked with Miller.
Neville John "Noddy" Holder MBE is an English musician and actor.
Moss had another top ten hit with "Telephone Booth" in June 1989.
The band mostly played in bars in and around Peake and the Kroegers' hometown of Hanna, Alberta, Canada.
After mid-chart hits in the late 1960s and the early 1970s, Nelson retired in 1972 and moved to Austin, Texas.
Raamlaxman is the "Laxman" of duo composers "Raam-Laxman".
Louris is often credited with the band's subsequent move from folk-country toward a more progressive, pop sound.
Lee also played drums in both Mantas and Death as well as vocals.
It earned her a Double Platinum award.
She recorded the 1973 hit song "Midnight at the Oasis" and continues to record albums in the folk traditions.
Sometimes he even uses different languages in the same piece.
She had two children, Pete Fender and Gem Stone, who both became members of the punk bands Fatal Microbes and Rubella Ballet.
He first entered the music scene aged sixteen as the lead singer of the band The Jennifers which featured Supergrass bandmate Danny Goffey.
Tony De Vit  was a British club DJ, producer and remixer and one of the most influential of his generation.
He claims to have now dealt with his drug addiction problem thanks to the Scientology drug rehab program Narconon.
For his performance in the 2013 London revival of the musical Cabaret, he was nominated for the Laurence Olivier Award for Best Actor in a Musical.
In 1935 he played in the trumpet section with Dizzy Gillespie and Carl Warwick in Frankie Fairfax's Campus Club Orchestra.
In 1999 UNESCO in France presented him with the Picasso Award and in 2006 with the UNESCO Mozart Medal.
Born at 6 Oliver Crescent, Hawick, Roxburghshire, he was the son of a supplier of mill-engineering parts.
Stephen Simpson Hillage is an English musician, best known as a guitarist.
Adrianna Therese León is an American singer-songwriter, chef, personal fitness trainer, model and actress.
His father was a member of the Yabassi ethnic group, though his mother was a Duala.
Shirley Alston Reeves is an American soul singer who was the main lead singer of the hit singing group the Shirelles.
His debut studio album, Before the Storm came out on 5 September 2000 and sold 800,000 copies worldwide, earning Darude three Finnish Grammy Awards.
His song "Stone Crazy" was ranked 78th in the Rolling Stone list of the "100 Greatest Guitar Songs of All Time".
Carson Wayne Newton is an American singer and entertainer.
Clinton Darryl "Clint" Mansell is an English musician, composer, and former lead singer of the band Pop Will Eat Itself.
In 2017, she was designated a 'Peace Ambassador' by SAARC.
She achieved the pinnacle of her fame and success towards the end of the 1970s.
It also served as inspiration for the film of the same name.
Tony Williams is her main drumming influence.
In 1999, she married violinist L. Subramaniam.
Jocelyn Enriquez is an American dance-pop singer from San Francisco.
As part of the Secondmen, he played on Watt's third solo album, 2004's The Secondman's Middle Stand.
Alfred Laubin was an American oboist and founder of A. Laubin.
He has also sung some of his songs.
R. Dean Taylor is a Canadian singer, most notable as a recording artist, songwriter and record producer for Motown during the 1960s and 1970s.
Brad Divens is an American rock musician.
Since his recovery, he has released two more albums, Helter Skelter in 1996 and Deuce in 2003.
She is known for playing bass or strings with various bands, including Entrance, A Perfect Circle, Zwan, and Queens of the Stone Age.
After leaving Styx, he taught guitar at the Mad Music in La Grange, Illinois and ran a recording studio aptly called "The Studio".
He was only forty-seven years old when he died in Mexico City, of complications resulting from cirrhosis of the liver.
Powell has released four studio albums to date.
He was the original lead singer of the band Ultravox, before leaving to embark on a solo career.
He has played a variety of musical styles on his albums, including new wave, blues, and country.
Although he composed some jazz instrumentals such as "Chicken and Waffles" and "Blues", Berigan was best known for his virtuoso jazz trumpeting.
In 1971, she was a backing vocalist for John Lennon's "Power to the People".
François Luambo Luanzo Makiadi was a major figure in twentieth century Congolese music, and African music in general.
In the 1980s, Cox was a breakbeat hardcore DJ, and became a mainstay DJ in the electronica industry.
In 2004, Irons released his first solo album, Attention Dimension, and released his second, No Heads Are Better Than One, in 2010.
Mario Adrián Vázquez is an American singer from The Bronx, New York City.
Robert David "Dave" Grusin is an American composer, arranger, producer, and pianist.
He now lives in Canada as a naturalized Canadian citizen.
The group has said that more dates will follow.
In 2004, he was honored with the Richard Kirk award at the BMI Film and TV Awards for his significant contributions to film and television music.
He was made a BMI Icon at the 57th annual BMI London Awards for his "influence on generations of music makers".
He is of Greek and Armenian descent and has a special interest in Armenian history.
Manuel Seal, Jr. is an American musician, record producer, composer, singer, songwriter, vocal coach, and arranger.
He is currently mixing his new album, "Gentilly", an independent release, financed by old friends and fans mostly from the Dallas and Austin area.
Charles "Don" Alias was an American jazz percussionist.
Randy Edelman is an American musician, producer, and composer for film and television known for his work in comedy films.
In his autobiography, Davis recalled: "Mr. Buchanan was the biggest influence on my life up until then.
With Abd al Malik and a few other rappers she created a group called Beni Snassen, that recorded an album under that name.
He is considered as one of the most influential drummers to thrash metal, having pioneered the incorporation of jazz fusion into the subgenre.
Emmett left Triumph in 1988 to pursue a solo career.
Shawn Smith is a Seattle-based songwriter, vocalist and musician in several bands and also as a solo artist.
He is the brother of singer-songwriter Cynthia Alexander.
He began studying the oud at the age of 12 in Baghdad, following in the footsteps of Jamil and Munir Bashir.
was a Canadian jazz musician and bandleader.
Her other most well-known song may be "A Nightingale Sang in Berkeley Square"; she also performed with the Jack Hylton Orchestra.
Leonard Joseph "Lennie" Tristano was an American jazz pianist, composer, arranger, and teacher of jazz improvisation.
Geoff Berner is a Canadian singer-songwriter, accordion player, TV writer and novelist from Vancouver, British Columbia.
He has arranged for Jack Jones, Chris Farlowe, Serge Gainsbourg, Genesis, Cat Stevens, Diana Ross, Dusty Springfield, The Bachelors and Kinderjazz.
Timothy John "Tim" Staffell is an English rock musician, visual artist, model maker and designer.
A virtuoso performer on the hammer dulcimer, he is a former member of the folk/Celtic trio Metamora and has performed frequently with the percussionist Glen Velez.
He has worked for many jazz musicians including Archie Shepp, Pharoah Sanders, Marion Brown and David Murray.
During his career, he recorded over sixty albums.
After leaving the group in 1944, she recorded a series of pop standards for Capitol Records and Columbia Records.
She has released two albums, Do and Follow Me.
Charlie Parker often introduced Jordan as "the singer with the million dollar ears."
Belly recorded on Sire/Reprise Records and 4AD Records; Donelly's solo works have been released on Warner Bros. Records and 4AD.
James Travis Tritt is an American country music singer, songwriter, and actor.
21 on the country charts, and "Frantic", which reached No.
Steven Van Zandt is an American musician and actor, who frequently goes by the stage names Little Steven or Miami Steve.
1 on the United States Billboard 200 chart and charted four number-one singles in the U.S. within a 12-month period.
Joining the band in 2001, Shriner is the band's longest serving bass guitarist.
The record became HMV's biggest seller for 1927, and made the piece, the choir and the soloist world-famous.
William Chatterton Dix was an English writer of hymns and carols.
It tells of their experiences fighting in the Iraq War.
Evan Christopher is an American clarinetist and composer based in New Orleans, Louisiana.
Richard Serrell, better known by his stage name Richie Rich, is a rapper from Oakland, California.
He has been nominated for three JUNO awards in Canada on three occasions for Adult Alternative album, Engineer of the Year and Producer of the Year.
Marvin Young, better known by his stage name Young M.C., is an English-born American singer, rapper and actor.
He is respected as an avatara or incarnation of the great sage Narada.
He is the founder of the Shrapnel Label Group, which includes Shrapnel Records, Tone Center Records and Blues Bureau International.
Strait's success began when his first single "Unwound" was a hit in 1981.
He is also the lead vocalist and guitarist in Person L and, most recently, Vacationer.
Berry Gordy III is an American record producer and songwriter.
John "Johnny" Moynihan, is a folk singer based in Dublin, Ireland.
In 2012, he won the Vegas Rocks!
Kristy Thirsk is a platinum-selling Canadian singer-songwriter best known for her work with Delerium.
A string of solo albums, and a band with Chris Hillman called Manassas followed in 1972.
Stanley established The Starchild character for his Kiss persona.
His "A Song for You" has been recorded by more than 200 artists, and his "This Masquerade" by more than 75.
Patricia Barber is an American jazz and blues singer, pianist, songwriter, and bandleader.
Alsou hosted the final of the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 held in Moscow.
Rodrigues remains an iconic figure and inspiration to other fado and popular music artists such as Madredeus, Dulce Pontes, Mariza and Cristina Branco.
Chihiro Yonekura is a Japanese singer and songwriter from Yokohama, Kanagawa, Japan.
Ian George Brown is an English musician.
His music fuses funk, soul, pop and Latin percussion.
Fateh Ali Khan was the father of Pakistani Qawwali musicians, Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan and Farrukh Fateh Ali Khan.
She has also performed acting and dubbing roles in independent as well as major film productions.
He went on to start World's Fastest Car, a relatively short-lived project.
A greatest hits package entitled Greatest Hits: 18 Kids followed in late 2007.
John Frederick Coots was an American songwriter.
He is a half-brother of Chaz Bono, Delilah Allman, Michael Allman, Layla Allman, and Devon Allman.
She originates from the island of Icaria.
His social and political commitment increased as well.
Noe Venable is an experimental folk/pop singer-songwriter.
Tubb recorded duets with the then up-and-coming Loretta Lynn in the early 1960s, including their hit "Sweet Thang".
Mike Barson is a Scottish-born English multi-instrumentalist, songwriter, and composer.
In 1987, Hyatt founded the Vital Signs and released its commercially hit and critically acclaimed album, Vital Signs 1.
He was well known for his exceptionally strong vocals, impeccable execution of Maqamat and harmony, as well as charismatic performances.
1 or Top 10 hit in several European countries in 1996.
He is also partly responsible for the mid-2000s resurgence of the schaffel beat.
Carney got his start as a professional musician as a founding member of the band Tin Huey.
Artis the Spoonman is an American street performer and musician from Seattle, Washington, who uses spoons as a musical instrument.
Lombardo is widely known as an aggressive heavy metal drummer.
Their classical crossover albums, Two Worlds and Amparo, were nominated for Grammys.
He lived in Long Beach, California for 30 years, but relocated to Olympia, Washington in 2007.
Harrison died in 2001, aged 58, from lung cancer.
Alejandro is the son of the ranchera singer Vicente Fernández.
He released his acclaimed debut album: Boy in da Corner in 2002.
He is also a member of The Weathermen and art collective Cardboard City.
Years later, two days before her death, the Curtis Institute of Music bestowed on her an honorary degree.
He was the lead singer of Wolfsbane from 1984 to 1994, and currently from 2010 following reunions in 2007 and 2009.
In addition to being a musician, Peart has published several memoirs about his travels.
Over the last few decades, annual Django festivals have been held throughout Europe and the U.S., and a biography has been written about his life.
MC Shan is an American hip hop and R&B recording artist.
Her first album with the Respek Label, and distributed by Universal Records, was released in June 2005.
", "The Kid's Last Fight", "Cool Water", "Moonlight Gambler," "Love Is a Golden Ring," "Rawhide", and "Lord, You Gave Me a Mountain."
She is currently working on an EP and is working on her Undergraduate degree at the University of Illinois at Chicago.
The album, dedicated to her, is strong in religious imagery with most songs being titled in Latin.
In the background, the original George Olsen records of the Twenties play softly.
She later appeared on ABC's The Edge of Night, replacing Billie Allen as Ada Chandler.
Ian Lake was a pianist and composer who taught for many years at the Royal College of Music in London.
Hawkins is also notable for his role as something of a talent scout and mentor.
Later she gained more exposure appearing as a judge on New Zealand Idol.
George was also a member of a local punk rock band called Pap Smear.
Pops Foster was playing professionally by 1907 and worked with Jack Carey, Kid Ory, Armand Piron, King Oliver and other prominent hot bands of the era.
The success of Maniac 2000 garnered accolades including two Meteor Music awards and the title of second-biggest selling record in Ireland.
She quit the music industry in 2011.
Mitchell was the daughter of an African-American mother and a Jewish-German father from New York City's Lower East Side.
John "Mr. Magic" Rivas, was a prominent hip hop radio DJ.
Estefan first came to prominence as a member of the Miami Sound Machine.
Akari Kaida is a video game music composer.
He has been blind since shortly after birth.
He is a jury member of Swedish Idol 2016.
Magazine Music Award for "Voice in Progressive Heavy Metal".
Daniel Purcell was an English Baroque composer, the younger brother or cousin of Henry Purcell.
Hamauzu was hired by Square as a trainee, and his debut as a solo composer came the following year when he scored Chocobo no Fushigina Dungeon.
She received two Grammy nominations in 1997 for Best Alternative Album and Best Female Rock Vocal Performance.
Bigsby", and was the foreman of Crocker Motorcycles, and designed many components.
He began touring nationwide a few years later.
She is the eldest child of Agnetha Fältskog and Björn Ulvaeus, former members of the Swedish pop group ABBA.
He has also released several solo albums.
Ute Lemper is a German singer and actress renowned for her interpretation of the work of Kurt Weill.
Barnwell produced Sweet Honey in the Rock's 1998 25th anniversary album, ...Twenty-Five..., and edited Continuum: The First Songbook of Sweet Honey in the Rock.
[3] The track became Epic Records’ first platinum single, eventually selling 1.5 million downloads.
Gentry charted eleven singles on the Billboard Hot 100 and four singles on the United Kingdom Top 40.
She is recognized for her musical talent as well as her sex appeal.
In 2014, he was inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame.
October 26, Massacre began their final tour dubbed "Re-Animated" in Berlin, Germany.
He is also featured vocalist on the upcoming release, Horror Holocaust, by the thrash/death metal band, Denial Fiend.
However, her success was overshadowed three years later, when Elvis Presley recorded his more popular rendition of "Hound Dog".
Shattuck is the namesake of Dr. Shattuck, a character on Mr. Show.
She is best known as the lead singer of the alternative rock band Siouxsie and the Banshees and the drums-and-voice duo the Creatures.
As of 2011, her publicist began referring to her by her birth name, Wafah bin Laden.
Malcolm Dalglish is an American hammered dulcimer player and builder, composer, and choral director.
Moneen, Basia Lyjak, and The Getaway Plan are among the artists to have recorded at the facility.
In addition to his musical career, MacPherson co-owns Canadian indie label Disintegration Records, and works as a community organizer in Winnipeg's inner city.
Kanda Bongo Man still tours in Europe and the United States.
In his later years, he lived in Paris and New York City, and died of peritoneal mesothelioma in a Swiss hospital.
"I acknowledge and respect Steve's right to do this", Rimbaud said, "but I do regard it as a betrayal of the Crass ethos".
Kenneth Spearman Clarke, nicknamed "Klook" and later known as Liaquat Ali Salaam, was a jazz drummer and bandleader.
Jassie won the Best Music Director award at The Bangalore Times Film Awards 2011.
Rex was also one of the regular studio musicians seen on the Steve Allen TV show.
The follow-up single was "Baby Don't Cry" was produced by Angela Winbush.
Weir continued to tour with Dead & Company in 2016 and 2017.
Siriporn Ampaipong was born into a family of mor lam singers in Udon Thani Province.
In 1952, he appeared in his first feature film, Here Come the Nelsons.
In 1964, a group of young record collectors discovered House, whom they knew of from his records issued by Paramount and by the Library of Congress.
Priest Joseph Brooks, known professionally as Soopafly, is a hip hop producer and rapper from Long Beach, California.
He was ranked at number 32 on the 2011 Rolling Stone list of the 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time.
A caricature of Aukerman serves as the band's mascot.
She married jazz musician Keith Tippett and collaborated with him and now uses the name Julie Tippetts, adopting the original spelling of her husband's surname.
Alvin Earl DeVane was a former president of the Austin Chapter of SPEBSQSA, the Barbershop Harmony Society.
He also wrote the Afterword to Raul Fernandez' book, Latin Jazz, part of the Smithsonian Institution's series of exhibitions on jazz.
He was particularly successful in the 1960s and 1970s as member and co-founder of the Move, Electric Light Orchestra and Wizzard.
He has recently released another album, titled "Sunday Morning."
Sérgio Santos Mendes is a Brazilian musician.
Karen Anne Carpenter was an American singer and drummer.
Coffin comes from a musical background: His father, Rev.
Dino Kartsonakis is an American pianist of Greek heritage.
Pete Shelley is an English singer, songwriter and guitarist, best known as the leader of Buzzcocks.
In 2010, Rivera was awarded a Grammy Award for his album, Tu Esclavo y Amo.
Cynthia Leigh Wilson is a singer, and is one of the vocalists, songwriters and founding members of new wave rock band the B-52s.
The pledge reached its goal and the record entitled "Time Will Tell" was released in late 2014.
Talent scouts from Happy Records spotted her and offered her her first recording contract.
He was one of the first bassists in the nascent UK punk scene to adopt the Rickenbacker bass guitar which he still uses to this day.
Lucille Bogan was an American blues singer, among the first to be recorded.
But he reached absolute fame with the publication of the song "Sin Miedo A Nada", featuring Amaia Montero, his biggest hit to date.
Over the years he has also composed many scores for television and film.
The album also contained the dance hits "Let the Music Use You Up" and "Happy".
Some members stayed with the orchestra for several decades.
In addition, in January 2015, he released an album with his new band ShadowQuest.
He remains the only French singer to have sold more than 700 million records.
In 2007, Hathaway signed to Stax Records and in 2008 released her fifth album Self Portrait.
Since 2000, the group has released several records on Winter & Winter.
In 1998, Clapton, a recovering alcoholic and drug addict, founded the Crossroads Centre on Antigua, a medical facility for recovering substance abusers.
He was voted in as a selectmen of Lincolnville, Maine.
His soulful lyrics and explorations in Latin rhythms and sounds helped define a new musical style sometimes called "Spanish-Americana".
His brother Frank is the bass player of The Woodentops.
In December 1995, The Toronto Star printed a 4,000 word article entitled "King Cohl of Rock'n'Roll and the Tax That Never Was."
Andy Razaf was an African-American poet, composer and lyricist of such well-known songs as "Ain't Misbehavin'" and "Honeysuckle Rose".
In 2012, Lang was presented with the National Film and Sound Archive of Australia's National Folk Recording Award.
Although he writes and records predominantly in French, Pagliaro has released material in English.
Ambrogio Minoja was a classical composer from Italy, born in Ospedaletto Lodigiano, in the territory of Lodi, in the region of Lombardy.
Productions to promote breast health education in the US and Canada.
Valfar originally sang his lyrics in Sognamål, a dialect of Norwegian, but eventually switched to English in an attempt to appeal to a broader audience.
As a lyricist, Jones is influenced by Neil Young, Bob Catley, Steve Perry, Bob Dylan and Otis Redding.
James Roy Horner was an American composer, conductor and orchestrator of film scores.
The two composers were returning from a SEAMUS festival in St.
Following her departure from the group, Roberson formed Anjel along with former Destiny's Child member LeToya Luckett.
He was inducted into the Modern Drummer Hall of Fame in 2007.
She later became a singer and dancer with the USO and joined big band orchestras such as those of Sammy Kaye, Johnny Dee, and Larry Fontaine.
White was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease in the late 1980s, which led him eventually to stop touring with Earth, Wind & Fire in 1994.
Daniel Patrick Adair is a Canadian drummer, percussionist, and producer.
Ian Bairnson is a Scottish musician, best known for being one of the core members of The Alan Parsons Project.
In 2014, "Alabama State Troupers Road Show" was released as CD.
Anwar Farid Robinson is an American singer/songwriter/musician who was the 7th place finalist on the fourth season of American Idol.
The American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers awarded him Producer and Songwriter of the Year honors from 2009 to 2011.
Rosalie King, also known as Rosalie Simpson, was an American character actress and singer.
Glen Edward Buxton was an American musician, and guitarist for the original Alice Cooper band.
Two years later, in 2010, the Concert "Canti Naviganti" was created and premiered in selected cities of Italy.
When Montrose left Winter to form his own hard rock outfit, Montrose, Church was recruited along with singer Sammy Hagar and drummer Denny Carmassi.
They went on tour, and released a second album, Spookt, in 2017.
He was a recipient of the American Speech-Language-Hearing Association's Annie Glenn Award for outstanding service to the stuttering community and National Stuttering Association Hall of Fame.
His influences include The Beatles, Allan Holdsworth, Johnny Winter, Ace Frehley, Mel Galley,  Brian May, Alex Lifeson, Phil Keaggy, and the original Alice Cooper band.
The song is included in the book Heartaches By the Number: The 500 Greatest Country Music Singles.
Until 2010, he performed as "Keys of Creation" before starting his career as a solo artist and officially recording and performing music under his name iakopo.
He also has a solo career and released the albums Boggy Depot in 1998 and Degradation Trip Volumes 1 & 2 in 2002.
Joseph Rudolph "Philly Joe" Jones was a Philadelphia-born American jazz drummer, known as the drummer for the first "Great" Miles Davis Quintet.
Darreg's informal network of microtonal musicians writing letters to each other later morphed into the more formal Xenharmonic Alliance.
His own recordings are perhaps best described as contemporary soul jazz with a strong hip hop feel.
She also sang the notable 'Mauthausen Cycle'.
In 2012, audio recording restoration expert John H. Haley favorably compared Súmac's tone to opera singers Isabella Colbran, Maria Malibran, and Pauline Viardot.
Her success in R&B and soul music, and loyalty to these genres would earn her the title Ivory Queen of Soul.
He left just before the Equinox promotional tour and was replaced by Tommy Shaw.
As a songwriter, she scored 26 top 50 hits in the 1960s, more than any other female songwriter that decade in the country music industry.
He is the bass guitarist in the post-rock band Fridge, alongside Kieran Hebden, and is part of the electronic duo Silver Columns with Johnny Lynch.
After an initial rejection, Williams joined the Grand Ole Opry.
Theresa Thomason is an American Gospel music singer.
Casale has also directed music videos for other recording artists, including the Cars, Rush, A Perfect Circle, Foo Fighters, Soundgarden, and Silverchair, among others.
Known for his explosive, multi-textural playing style, Theodore was a member of both Golden and Royal Trux before joining The Mars Volta in 2001.
Gareth Charles Walter Morris was a British flautist.
Persson made her acting debut in the movie Om Gud vill which was released in 2006.
Elkie Brooks is an English singer, a vocalist with the bands Dada and Vinegar Joe, and later a solo artist.
Jamelia's professional music career began in 1999, when she released her debut single, "So High", followed by a more successful single, "I Do".
This trio initiated the entry of women into mainstream Carnatic Music.
He has released eight studio albums so far.
In 2003, she released an album with Discomind, The Fresh Turnout.
Under his legal name, he has written four novels.
Trinidad "Trini" López III is an American singer, guitarist, and actor.
The duo was renamed The Weather Girls in 1982 after they released the multi-platinum single "It's Raining Men", which brought the band to mainstream pop attention.
She joined Square in 1994, where she created music for nine games.
1 broke "the record for the most consecutive No.
Project Rock consisted of Keri Kelli, James Kottak, Tim 'Ripper' Owens, Rudy Sarzo & Teddy Zig-Zag.
Like many of his contemporary stars, such as Jorge Negrete, Pedro Infante, and Javier Solís, Jiménez died young.
Julian Priester is an American jazz trombone player and composer.
He won separate Tony Awards for the music and lyrics in both shows, as well as sharing the Pulitzer Prize for Drama for the latter.
Blaze Bayley is an English singer, musician, songwriter, and lyricist.
The album had sold twice that by the time his third album was released.
They had a baby boy named Georgie in July 2006, and on 19 September 2008 they had another boy and named him Ronnie.
He has sung 25,000 songs in over 36 languages.
Wood later established an independent solo career, and released her debut solo album Bite Your Tongue in 2006.
He is a member of the Mandinka ethnic group of West Africa.
Camané has been formerly married to another great fadista, Aldina Duarte.
Jaël,, is a Swiss musician, singer, songwriter, actress, and model who from 1993 to 2013 was the front-woman and lead singer of the band Lunik.
All guitars, bass, drums, keyboards, and clean vocals are performed by Warby, with the additional growls contributed by Rogga Johansson.
Born in 1945, he became politically active in the 1960s while associated with another composer, Cornelius Cardew.
Her much-delayed debut album, All Woman, was released in 1997.
You can call me Regis and Kathie Lee; I don't care!
Kayahan released a number of compact cassettes, CDs and albums and had major singles.
Tony Bennett called Ray the "father of rock and roll," and historians have noted him as a pioneering figure in the development of the genre.
He has released two CDs on Favored Nations, the first being That Was Then, This Is Now and Resolution on May 2, 2006.
Priscilla Betti, whose real name is Préscillia Betti, is a French singer, dancer and actress.
Kevin Michael "GG" Allin was an American singer, songwriter and record producer, who performed and recorded with many groups during his career.
He founded and manages record company Mad Decent, as well as co-founding the non-profit organization Heaps Decent.
Harry Tavitian is a Romanian jazz pianist and singer, whose style covers free-jazz, blues, ethno-jazz and avant-garde.
He later released four albums as lead singer and writer for The Mutton Birds.
His versatile vocal delivery ranges from screaming to an opera-esque singing, and his songwriting is similarly diverse.
While with Hawkwind, Turner was known for his experimental free jazz stylisations and outrageous stage presence, often donning full makeup and Ancient Egypt-inspired costumes.
However, Nelson left the group to pursue a solo career before they released their first album.
In 2001 Thomson joined Franz Ferdinand, originally playing guitar.
He left a lasting influence as founder and director of the ensemble Ceoltóirí Chualann.
Phillis currently lives in Austinmer, New South Wales with husband and fellow musician, Tim Oxley, and her two daughters.
Williams has been associated with director Steven Spielberg since 1974, composing music for all but three of his feature films.
After he left Cinderella, he joined Britny Fox in 1985.
He was also one of the first Turkish musicians to embrace the electric guitar and modern amplification.
He was the younger brother of their co-founder and bass guitarist Gerald Casale.
He is best known for other artists' cover versions of his songs, most notably "Louise".
89 on its 2008 list of "100 Greatest Singers of All Time."
Ros Serey Sothea was a Cambodian singer.
He is a resident of Cherry Brook, Nova Scotia.
He was strongly associated with the Cotton Club in Harlem, New York City, where he was a regular performer.
After having performed on several album sessions, Burgi earned a spot with the jazz fusion band, Brand X.
On May 20, 2016, Ameriie independently released an EP, titled Drive.
Satriani has been the guitarist for the supergroup Chickenfoot since joining the band in 2008.
By the middle of the 1970s, Higelin had become one of France's most successful musicians, and he remains influential to this day.
He also sang backing vocals on the first single from the album "Rock 'n' Roll Mercenaries", which was credited to Meat Loaf featuring John Parr.
He remained active into the 1990s and as a performer and recording artist was often billed as "The World's Oldest Teenager".
Patrick Wolf is an English singer-songwriter from South London.
Ignatius Jones is an Australian events director, journalist, actor and previously fronted the shock rock band Jimmy and the Boys.
Casady, along with the other members of Jefferson Airplane, was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1996.
AllMusic describes her as an "Unabashedly easy-on-the-ears singer/songwriter, and the prime mover behind some of Fleetwood Mac's biggest hits."
A member of the World Saxophone Quartet, he also plays the bass saxophone, E-flat alto clarinet, E-flat contra-alto clarinet, and wooden flute.
Michelle Patricia Gayle is a British singer, songwriter, actress and author.
Pine is a multi-instrumentalist, also playing the flute, clarinet, bass clarinet and keyboards.
He has earned country music's crowning achievement, becoming a member of the Grand Ole Opry.
Vidna Obmana's music has often been described as anamorphic and organic.
By 2000, the popularity of Tejano music was declining, resulting in Pulido's subsequent albums to not chart anywhere.
Keenan is buried at Queen of Peace cemetery in Stamford, Connecticut.
Jason Matthew Thirsk was the bass player of the California punk rock band Pennywise from 1988 through his death in 1996.
He is also sometimes known as Bird Thongchai, Phi Bird or simply Bird.
Several Motown record producers, including Berry Gordy, refused to work on any recording sessions unless Benjamin was the drummer and James Jamerson was the bassist.
Jan Ulrich Max Vetter, better known as Farin Urlaub, after his love for travelling), is a German musician and songwriter.
Ellis Paul is an American singer-songwriter and folk musician.
The group went on to become one of the most popular and influential rock acts of the 1990s.
He is best known as the guitarist of Gorefest.
Currently, Ted is actively recording and performing world wide.
It received massive critical acclaim, showcasing a representation of life and relationships and locating a contemporary womanist voice within the neo soul genre.
Woodley attended Melbourne High School with fellow Seekers, Athol Guy and Keith Potger.
Han Bennink is a Dutch jazz drummer and percussionist.
In February 2006, Rolling Stone released a list of "The New Guitar Gods", on which King was the sole woman and youngest artist.
He is perhaps best known for his participation in Rank 1 with Piet Bervoets, Kamaya Painters with Tiësto and Gaia with Armin van Buuren.
Blurton remains a dedicated fan of the San Diego Padres.
Joe McPhee is an American jazz multi-instrumentalist born in Miami, Florida, a player of tenor, alto, and soprano saxophone, the trumpet, flugelhorn and valve trombone.
I Did It Again World Tour" as well as Madonna's tours, "MDNA Tour" and "Rebel Heart Tour."
In 1979, he auctioned all his guitars for charity and left his music career to devote himself to educational and philanthropic causes in the Muslim community.
He died in Frankfurt an der Oder.
It was followed by the 2016 album Void Beats / Invocation Trex on Duophonic Records.
Announced by Broussard, her third studio album Life of a Libra would be released in 2010.
Kai Michael Hansen is a heavy metal guitarist and vocalist.
His educational role over three decades meant that he exerted an influence on jazz through his students, including saxophonists Lee Konitz and Warne Marsh.
Joseph Carl Firrantello, known as Joe Farrell, was an American jazz saxophonist and flautist.
In 2007, Green appeared on Graig Markel's "Via Novella" on the Sonic Boom Label.
She played her final live performance with Naughty Thoughts at Brighton’s Green Door Store on 5 December 2015, with The Cravats.
Jah Shaka has been operating a South East London-based, roots reggae Jamaican sound system since the early 1970s.
Stephanie McIntosh is an Australian actress and singer.
He hosted Nedeljni zabavnik kids programme in the 1980s.
His poetry deals with themes of love, the natural world and spirituality.
During World War II, Gaillard served as a bomber pilot in the Pacific.
Judd won the 2011 series of Strictly Come Dancing.
Post American Idol, Gray has begun acting on Broadway and television.
In 2016 he was awarded the ASCAP Foundation Life in Music Award.
His first instrument was saxophone, but he also plays flutes, alto clarinet, ocarina, Laotian Khen, Bawu flute, Hulusi and many other wind instruments.
It was his first work with saxophonist John Coltrane and bassist Paul Chambers, key members of the sextet he led into the early 1960s.
With the Ike & Tina Turner Revue, he graduated to larger labels Blue Thumb and United Artists.
Trauth is the youngest of three brothers and currently resides in Minerva, Ohio.
Together with Arthur Baker, he helped to popularize many aspects of dance and hip-hop culture, such as scratching.
Charles Henry "Chuck" Mosley III is an American singer-songwriter.
Her debut studio album "Precious" was released in 1992.
Victor Calderone is a house & techno music producer, DJ and remixer.
He appeared on Immortal Technique's "Peruvian Cocaine", playing the role of an American drug distributor in an elaborate drug trade conspiracy.
Dorothy Jeanne Thompson, better known as Dorothy Ashby, was an American jazz harpist and composer.
On Frank Zappa's album The Grand Wazoo he played the "Mystery Horn", a straight-necked C melody saxophone.
Natasha Maria Hamilton is an English singer-songwriter, dancer and occasional stage actress.
In the band's early days of country/rock, Chamberlain would often launch into a rock and roll guitar solo inappropriately in the middle of "Happily Married Man."
Shinoda's debut solo album as Fort Minor, The Rising Tied, was released on November 22, 2005.
He was also previously part of the hip hop formation Asiatic Warriors.
Shea Seger is an American singer-songwriter born in Fort Worth, Texas.
She became a judge on the first season of The X Factor Philippines which began airing on June 23, 2012.
Melissa Natalie Tkautz is an Australian actress, singer-songwriter and model.
Nick Rhodes is an English musician, best known as a founding member and keyboardist of the new wave band Duran Duran.
He has been depicted as emblematic of the 1960s' counterculture.
He was often credited for training many musicians which would later become successful in jazz music.
Doyle attended piano lessons from age 8, but did not practice despite finding the experience enjoyable.
Ouimet is currently working on his sixth book, and his debut as an author.
He was also the lead vocalist for New Found Glory's now-defunct side-project, International Superheroes of Hardcore.
The start of the new millennium in 2000 halted the exclusive release of "Siempre Sonando"; a project which strongly featured the Latin artist Edwin Bonilla.
He has been nominated for a Mercury prize twice and once for a Brit Award.
In 1994, Allen left the band and became a Microsoft Certified Professional and went to work for a software company.
Shannon Larkin started playing drums at the age of 10.
Alaska y los Pegamoides would become one of the cornerstones of The Madrilenian Groove and an important influence for many Spanish punk bands.
He gave up his role as a touring member of the band in 1993 to concentrate on producing other artists and started a family.
In 1999, he joined former Dream Theater co-founder Mike Portnoy, Flower Kings' Roine Stolt and Marillion's Pete Trewavas to form the super-group Transatlantic.
Kirsty Hawkshaw is an English electronic music vocalist and songwriter.
Devin Copeland, better known by his stage name Devin the Dude, is an American hip hop recording artist from Houston, Texas.
Joan Weber was an American popular music singer.
He has sold over 30 million records, and has won numerous awards including 18 Latin Grammy Awards, two Grammy Awards, and two Latin Billboard Music Awards.
He co-formed the Stooges in 1967 along with his older brother Ron Asheton, Iggy Pop and Dave Alexander.
Once he left the Coast Guard, Brown's focus turned solely to music and he joined Molly Hatchet in 1974.
Many of her hits were written by her husband at the time, Harlan Howard.
Patti Austin is an American R&B, pop and jazz singer.
Moore started his music career in progressive metal band Dream Theater.
Coslow was born in New York City.
In 2000, she duetted with Al Green on "Put It On Paper".
Santiago first rose to prominence as one half of the East Coast hip hop duo Capone-N-Noreaga, alongside fellow Queens-based rapper Capone.
Brenda Holloway is an American singer and songwriter, who was a recording artist for Motown Records during the 1960s.
Kyoko Koizumi is a Japanese singer and actress.
Buck is a former member of the hip hop group UTP Playas.
Robert Jan Stips is a Dutch musician born in The Hague, 4 February 1950.
Griggs has also released a solo CD on his own Fenman label called My Songs, on which he played and composed every track.
DeBarge was the focal point and primary lead singer of the family group DeBarge throughout the early to mid-1980s.
Stanley Herbert Polley was an entertainment manager active in the 1960s and 1970s.
He was also briefly a member of the UK Subs in 1991.
In 1978, Rabin moved to London to further his career, working as a solo artist and a producer for various artists.
Tameka "Tiny" Harris is an American singer-songwriter from Jonesboro, Georgia.
He is best known as the singer and songwriter of Timo Rautiainen & Trio Niskalaukaus.
Hermeto Pascoal is a Brazilian composer and multi-instrumentalist.
Young also came in fifth place in World Idol performing his single "Light My Fire".
Nicholas Scott Harmer is an American musician, best known as the bass guitarist for the band Death Cab for Cutie.
Tommy Cash,, is an American country singer-songwriter and the younger brother of Johnny Cash.
His recordings remained popular worldwide after his death from lung cancer in February 1965.
As a solo artist, he released a few singles and one full-length album.
Sissel's combined solo record sales amount to 10 million albums sold, most of them in Norway, a country with 5 million people.
Since then, Holofernes has recorded a solo album and has also had a book of poems published.
In 1976, Raam died immediately after signing the film Agent Vinod 1977.
Robert Bertelli, better known as Bob Bert, is an American rock drummer.
In the late 1950s and the 1960s, he also increasingly began working as a session musician to supplement his income.
He is not to be confused with the country music singer Jimmie Rodgers or the pop singer Jimmie Rodgers.
Ustad Shahid Parvez Khan is a sitar player of Hindustani classical music.
He was subsequently a member of The Nylons from 1990 to 1996, and later moved to Los Angeles.
His composition "Tears for Dolphy" has been used in numerous films.
Steven "Steve" Ferrone is the drummer for the rock band Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers.
For the rest of his life, he recorded only on sporadic occasions.
Missing Persons released one EP and six albums, including Spring Session M, which achieved gold record status.
Marsh was nominated for a 2007 Juno Award in the best contemporary jazz album category.
He was the music director to the Prussian Princess Anna Amalia from 1758 until his death.
As a solo artist, Valli scored number-one hits with the songs "My Eyes Adored You" and "Grease".
Jordan Izaak Pundik is an American musician and songwriter.
It spawned one single, "99 Times", which became her most successful radio single in the US to date.
It was in 1993 at a thrift store in the East Village in New York Tan bought her first toy piano which cost a mere US$45.
In August 1993, he was arrested and charged with the murder of Mayhem guitarist Øystein "Euronymous" Aarseth.
Andrew John "Andy" Connell is an English musician and composer.
His voice ranged from baritone to tenor, and music scholars have suggested that he had a three- or four-octave range.
His rough timbre is easily recognized on his many recordings.
He also records and occasionally performs live as Tigre Benvie.
He was the first winner of Australian Idol in 2003, and has been a judge on Australia's The X Factor.
Metheny has three gold albums and 20 Grammy Awards and is the only person to win Grammys in ten different categories.
Additionally, Rick has collaborated with such musical icons as Jay-Z, Missy Elliot and Aaliyah,and Outkast.
She has also participated periodically in reunions of the original band and has continued her work as a solo artist.
He was also behind the tribal house record label Star 69 and was a frequent producer of the label's releases.
He is of Alsatian mother and Yeniche father, also a musician.
He toured with Japanese superstar Namie Amuro on her Love 2000 tour and has worked on her recent albums.
That year, he collaborated with R&B singer Akon for the first time, starting a musical partnership that lasted until 2010.
She has taken part in several celebrity based reality television shows, and, in June 2007, she became a panellist for ITV's topical chatshow Loose Women.
He has also worked with Dr. Dre, who is one of the founding members of N.W.A and produced two of his solo albums.
She is the daughter of Joey Mazzola of Sponge and The Detroit Cobras fame.
His first Top 20 Country Hit single, "Miami, My Amy", was released in 1986.
He is best known as the lead vocalist of the American Multi-Platinum rock band Incubus.
Prior to his death of a heroin overdose in 1988, Slovak recorded two albums with the band, Freaky Styley and The Uplift Mofo Party Plan.
Scott Allen "Scotty" Klopfenstein is an American musician and a former member of the band Reel Big Fish.
Before the Twist dance phenomenon, grown ups did not dance to teenage music."
The Times of India has called him the "Sultan of Music".
Rolling Stone Magazine once called him "The greatest songwriter in the English language".
With the Beastie Boys, LL Cool J, Public Enemy, and Run–D.M.C., Rubin helped popularize hip hop music.
He worked there for over a decade, composing many of his best-known scores.
After becoming influenced by such bands as Fear Factory and Meshuggah, he began playing a seven-string guitar in the late 1990s.
And that's all I continue to want to do.
Siobhán Fahey is an Irish musician, whose vocal range is a light contralto.
Lightning Seeds achieved great commercial success throughout the 1990s.
As a producer, he has worked with such hardcore-related bands as Hot Water Music, Sinch , The First Step and Title Fight.
About him, German musicologist Joachim-Ernst Berendt commented, "His ability to create serendipitous harmonies by improvising melodic responses to Coleman's free-form solos was both radical and mesmerizing.
Ana Lynch, known by her stage name Ana Matronic, is an American singer, best known as the female co-lead vocalist for Scissor Sisters.
They released a duet "Since You Been Gone" which charted number 95 on US charts.
In 1987, Bush wrote and recorded the ballad "Love Don't Lie", which became a minor MTV hit when covered a year later by House of Lords.
He has been a record label owner, musician, manager, and music blogger for The Guardian.
Brook toured small venues in Canada and the United States in late January/early February, 2007.
He was inducted into the Modern Drummer Hall of Fame in 2009.
He and the rest of the band were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2003.
22 on the Billboard 200, and its lead single, "Bring Me Some Water", garnered Etheridge her first Grammy Award nomination for Best Rock Vocal Performance, Female.
Edmonds reportedly plays guitar, bass guitar, keyboards, bouzouki, saz, cümbüs, oud and drums, among other instruments.
Together with artist Carl Michael von Hausswolff, he is a founder of the Kingdoms of Elgaland-Vargaland where he enjoys the title of king.
After leaving Quicksilver he formed the band Copperhead, was a member of the San Francisco All Stars and later played with numerous other bands.
There, she released the singles "Dirty Girl" and "In My Next Life".
Goue & Platinum Treffers Deur Die Jare Heen - 2000"
He is best known for his backing of Elvis Presley in the first part of his career, between 1954 and the beginning of Elvis's Hollywood years.
He is best known for his singing ability; Frank Sinatra once said that Rawls had "the classiest singing and silkiest chops in the singing game".
In early manifestations of the KMFDM web site, Schulz maintained a section called "Günter's Guitar Garage."
He contributed to the Hothouse Flowers album Home, and to The Beloved's Happiness as well as appearing on the Oasis hit "Whatever".
Johann Peter Heuschkel was a German oboist, organist, music teacher and composer.
He is best known for his Canadian hits "Farmer's Song" and "Down by the Henry Moore".
Since then, he has released three more studio albums with Strapping Young Lad, along with solo material released under his own independent record label, HevyDevy Records.
Also a recognized lyricist, Alanko won the Juha Vainio Writer's Award in 2003 for his song texts.
Gail married and had three children: Roger, Nancy, and Steven.
In addition to Leskinen's musical work, he extended his focus to poetry and playwriting with nine collections of verse and seven plays published.
He was the formal founder and leader of Legião Urbana.
He was one of the 17 children of Mahama and Teoura Bilgho.
Naughton stars in the Starz drama Power as Tasha St. Patrick.
Lisa Marx is an American professional guitarist, classically trained pianist from California.
Matthews appeared on three series of It Takes Two—an Australian TV celebrity singing competition—partnered with Richard Champion, Russell Gilbert and John Mangos.
Philip Taylor Kramer was an American bass guitar player for the rock group Iron Butterfly and associated groups between 1974 and 1980.
Jade Aurora MacRae is an Australian soul singer and the daughter of two professional New Zealand musicians who live in the United Kingdom.
He started his musical career as an orchestral clarinetist with the Turku Philharmonic.
His music crosses into the folk, Celtic, rock and country music genres, while celebrating the musical heritage of his home province.
He is endorsed by PRS Guitars and Peavey.
Nicklaus Schandelmaier, known as En Esch, is a German musician and has been a member of the bands KMFDM, Pigface, and Slick Idiot.
Jeremy Ronald John Taggart is a Canadian drummer, best known for playing with Our Lady Peace from 1993 until 2014.
She produced a large body of songs that have been described as “direct, honest and unpretentious”.
She received eight nominations at the ARIA Music Awards of 1995 and won "Best Cover Art" with Dominic O'Brien for the album.
He has composed the scores for numerous films and has also worked in the field of commercial music.
As a marimba player, he has presented solo performances throughout the United States and Canada, as well as in Europe, Japan, Taiwan, and Mexico.
Cena was WWE's franchise player, and its public face, for much of the 2000s and 2010s.
The record, directed and produced by Fausto Bordalo Dias, includes a rare participation of the legendary guitarist Carlos Paredes.
He worked as a television, motion picture, and voice actor.
Tompall Glaser's highest-charting solo single was Shel Silverstein's "Put Another Log on the Fire", which peaked at No.
On Tuesday, September 11, 2012, the DJ Laz Morning Show aired a pre-recorded interview with President Barack Obama.
Milian and The-Dream announced their separation on July 12, 2010.
He is known for juxtaposing a variety of different musical styles.
Bilerman has been a frequent faculty member at the Banff Centre in Alberta.
One of his major influences was Lester Young.
Peake is married to Treana Peake, a Mount Pleasant, Vancouver-based fashion designer and philanthropist.
He has also recorded a number of solo records, and gained prominence as a musician and songwriter.
He plays guitar and sings with a deep and soulful sound; his songs convey stories that are poetic and life-affirming.
Abhijeet Sawant is an Indian playback singer, television actor and anchor and the winner of Indian Idol.
Dana Rosemary Scallon, known in her singing career as Dana, is an Irish singer and former Member of the European Parliament.
The band toured the US in February and March 2015 in support of the album.
"King" Sunny Adé is a Nigerian musician, singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, and a pioneer of modern world music.
Their daughter, raised by family members as had been Mitchell herself, married dancer Louis Douglas.
The band had hits with his compositions "Rat Trap" and "I Don't Like Mondays".
Many of his songs were written in collaboration with Steve Barri.
In 1993 he founded the Canadian power metal band, Eidolon, with his brother Glen.
Sarah Harmer is a Canadian singer, songwriter and activist.
On February 13, 2012, President Barack Obama awarded Tillis the National Medal of Arts for his contributions to country music.
James MacDonough born on April 3, 1970 in Jacksonville, Florida US is a professional bass guitarist.
Allen Shawn is an American composer, pianist, educator, and author who lives in Vermont.
Tolstoy was a housemate in season one of the television series Big Brother in 2000.
As of 2011, he released four Top 40 singles; the most well known being "Give It to You" in 1999.
In 2004 Cheney joined the super group The Wrights which put out a cover version of Stevie Wright's epic 11-minute track, "Evie" as a single.
Erik Darling was an American songwriter and a folk music artist.
A versatile performer, Hwang focuses primarily on jazz and improvised musics, and has a particular interest in cross-cultural projects.
Jory Nash is based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada and tours regularly.
He began playing the piano at the age of three and the guitar a few years later.
Nicholas Rodney "Nick" Drake was an English singer-songwriter and musician, known for his acoustic guitar-based songs.
Julito Rodríguez was succeeded at Los Panchos by Johnny Albino.
When asked if he missed playing with the band, he said: "No, I don't.
At Dartmouth he formed his own band and toured with the college band.
Vuorinen has tuned his studio guitars in D tuning since the release of Century Child – until then, his guitars were tuned in standard.
She is primarily known as the vocalist of the New York City group Cibo Matto.
She signed with Warner Music UK which granted her considerable artistic freedom and minimal interference from the label.
Sheppard, Karen Brooks, Trisha Yearwood, Deana Carter, Patty Loveless and others.
Pamela Williams is an American smooth jazz saxophonist, songwriter, producer, and painter.
He is the lead guitarist and former rhythm guitarist for the rock band Def Leppard.
The drummer is also known for his charity work especially with young musicians.
He is best known for his recordings and live performances with the trio of pianist Bill Evans in the final years of Evans's career.
She recorded around 200 songs, some of the best known being "Bumble Bee", "Nothing in Rambling", and "Me and My Chauffeur Blues".
Fariborz Lachini is a film score composer originally from Iran based in Canada.
Andrew James Dalrymple "Andy" Gill is a founding member and guitarist for the English rock group Gang of Four.
In 2015 he released another album with her, Wisdom, Laughter and Lines, and in 2017 a third one Crooked Calypso.
Considered by many to be the "Father of the Delta Blues", he created an enduring body of American music and inspired most Delta blues musicians.
James Hannigan is a multiple award-winning British composer and music producer.
He finally broke through in 1950 with engagements, regular appearances on Danmarks Radio and his first professional recording.
Callcott set lyrics by leading poets of his day, including Thomas Gray, Sir Walter Scott, Thomas Chatterton, Robert Southey and Ossian.
William "Bill" Fay is an English singer, pianist and songwriter whose early releases were made on the Deram label in 1967.
After Neal Morse left, he also played the keyboards for the rock band Eric Burdon & The New Animals in 1998, before Martin Gerschwitz joined them.
Sharp has led many ensembles over the years, including the blues-oriented Terraplane and Orchestra Carbon.
In 2009, Billboard listed Mýa as one of their Hot 100 Artists of the 2000s; placing her in the 97th position.
In 2014, Kittie made a documentary as a 20th anniversary of the band.
Kiedis and his fellow band members were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2012.
I was a singer from then on," he said.
Throughout the 1980s and into the early 1990s, he released 16 studio albums and charted more than 20 singles on the country charts.
He is known for his intensely spiritual lyrics, containing religious references and metaphors.
In fact, from the year 1985, Dembo had been releasing hit after hit, beginning with Murombo.
He made additional contributions for the videogame Doom.
That activity drought ended in 2013, when the group was celebrating the 30th anniversary of the release of their original album.
Buju Banton is a Jamaican dancehall, ragga, and reggae musician.
He has also collaborated with many celebrated instrumental musicians, including Talvin Singh, Jon Hassell and Lester Bowie.
She has an exceptional and natural ability to play the ‘Gayaki Ang’ style.Her music is popularly referred as singing guitar.
Patrick Matthews is the former bass guitarist of Australian garage rock band The Vines and the bass guitarist of Youth Group.
The four-time platinum artist has collaborated with several artists and has made several contributions to soundtracks.
According to Soundscan, she has sold 2.2 million albums since 1991.
Many of her songs were sexually explicit, and she was generally considered to have been a dirty blues musician.
In 1983 he recorded a two-CD selection from the Montreal Organ Book on the Hellmuth Wolff organ at McGill University for the Canadian label Analekta.
These sounds are sometimes subtly electronically altered.
Domenico Carlo Maria Dragonetti was an Italian double bass virtuoso and composer with a 3 string double bass.
He was a native of Birmingham, Alabama.
He appears as a stout humanoid girded in Roman-style armor.
In July 1970 Farrar and Carroll relocated to the United Kingdom and from late 1975 they have resided in the US.
2 on the R&B Chart, which became her signature song and her best charting song to date.
Shortly after graduating, he enlisted in the U.S. Coast Guard and was stationed in New York for two years.
A multi-instrumentalist and producer, he does recording session work in Seattle and Los Angeles and has played on, or produced, over 100 albums to date.
Some of de Lucía's best known recordings include Río Ancho, Entre dos aguas, La Barrosa, Ímpetu, Cepa Andaluza and Gloria al Niño Ricardo.
Leon Russell was an American musician and songwriter who was involved with numerous bestselling pop music records over the course of his 60-year career.
Their 2000 single "It's My Life", which followed a second hiatus, successfully introduced the band to a younger audience.
His music reached non-Spanish-speaking countries like Japan, Israel and Russia.
In addition to Armstrong, in New York Singleton played with Bubber Miley, Tommy Ladnier, Fats Waller, Jelly Roll Morton and Otto Hardwick.
All of these albums have produced 65 singles, 25 of which have reached number 1 on the Hot Country Songs or Country Airplay charts.
Robicheaux died quietly, in his usual spot, at his favorite bar; the Apple Barrel.
She signed to Riley's Lil' Man label, and released My Melody, her solo debut album, produced by Riley.
A musician of classical training, he classified his music as "Brazilian tangos", since the Argentine tango and dances were considered fashionable at the time.
Williamson is best known for writing "Flower of Scotland", which has become the de facto national anthem of Scotland used at international sporting events.
Jordi Savall i Bernadet is a Catalan conductor, viol player, and composer.
Rice's music spans the range of acoustic from traditional bluegrass to jazz-influenced New Acoustic music to songwriter-oriented folk.
Hiatt has been nominated for several Grammy Awards and has been awarded a variety of other distinctions in the music industry.
Whitley's sound was drawn from the traditions of blues, jazz and rock and he recorded songs by artists from many genres.
He was also nominated for a 2008 Grammy for his work with Soulja Boy.
While not explicitly addressed to date, the name Helvete was adopted due to its meaning "hell" or "a place of suffering".
Devine first started using computers for composition around 1993.
He was dubbed "the African Elvis" by the Los Angeles Times.
He is the recipient of two Grammy Awards, 16 CMA Awards, 17 ACM Awards and nominee of multiple other awards.
Danell also started a new side band called Strung Gurus, with Michael Knott of the Orange County band, Aunt Betty's.
Richard Terfry, better known by his stage name Buck 65, is a Canadian alternative hip hop artist.
In 2007, he became a member of the rock supergroup S.K.I.N., and in 2009 founded his own company, J-Glam.
Already at the age of nine, he wanted to be a rockstar after seeing a Whitesnake video.
Vasilis Karras is a Greek folk singer.
Jones came to prominence in the 1950s as a jazz arranger and conductor, before moving on to work prolifically in pop music and film scores.
His song "Electric Love Letter" was chosen as number 5 on the Rolling Stone editor's top ten picks and was also in the movie Waitress.
He developed a rich, round tone and a singing voice-like phrasing, having been taught from the start to sing each piece.
She died on 15 November 1858 in London and is buried in Brookwood Cemetery with her daughters Marie Kinkel and Johanna Kinkel.
He was known for his "slip note" piano style, in which an out-of-key note slides into the correct note.
It sold over one million copies, and was awarded a gold disc by the RIAA.
In autumn that year, she made a solo tour with her band in Switzerland.
Wilder has also provided production and remixing services to the bands Nitzer Ebb and Curve.
Jonathan Segel is an American composer and multi-instrumentalist.
McConnell also fronted the musical collective Mongrel with Jon McClure and members of Arctic Monkeys.
Olsen's bands, though excellent, produced few stars.
"If I Had a Hammer" was a hit for Peter, Paul and Mary and Trini Lopez while the Byrds had a number one hit with "Turn!
She also appeared as the lead role in the BBC/HBO series The No.
His debut single was 1995's "What Goin' On".
She provided lead vocals on many of the group's songs, including its three biggest hits, "Come Go with Me," "Point of No Return" and "Seasons Change."
Ellis began his career as pianist playing live for a local Houston radio station in the early 1920s.
He is known for his collaborations with trombonist J. J. Johnson.
Throughout his career, Hammer has managed his own recording business.
His style is best described as "Bayou Soul," a mix of funk, blues, R&B, rock, and pop, matched with distinct Southern roots.
Johnny Preston was an American pop singer, who was best known for his international number one hit in 1960, "Running Bear".
He has also worked as an arranger, pianist and singer.
She became prominent for her part in Return to Forever with Chick Corea and Stanley Clarke.
Gordon's memoir, Girl in a Band, was published in February 2015, by HarperCollins imprint Dey Street Books.
She won a Grammy Award for Best Chamber Music Performance for Bernstein Arias and Barcarolles on Koch Records.
In 1916, Joplin descended into dementia as a result of syphilis.
In the following year, Carnes released Sailin', which featured "Love Comes from Unexpected Places".
He died in New York City in 1996.
A multi-instrumentalist, she was a member of Chad's Tree and The Jackson Code.
They released two albums and embarked on a number of extensive tours enjoying relative success.
He started gaining recognition in Portugal in 1979 after winning the 'Grande Noite do Fado'.
Horn has produced commercially successful songs and albums for numerous British and international artists.
Sara Lynn Evans is an American country music singer and songwriter.
An original member of the Orquesta Cubana de Música Moderna, in 1973 he founded the group Irakere, one of Cuba's best-known Latin jazz bands.
He performed on the television variety show In Living Color in 1990.
He has been referred to as Canada's greatest songwriter and internationally as a folk-rock legend.
Fyffe regularly takes part in 'The Sunflower Jam', an annual live music event intended to raise money to provide alternative medicine in National Health Service hospitals.
She represented Sweden in the 2004 Eurovision Song Contest, finishing fifth.
In 1988, Joʻrayev wrote a book entitled Bola dunyoni tebratar.
Cedar Anthony Walton, Jr. was an American hard bop jazz pianist.
He is buried in Westwood Village Memorial Park Cemetery.
Tracks like "Hold On" make extensive use of sampling with a distinctly soulful house feel, while the later "Bring U Up" uses a James Brown-style breakbeat.
In 2014, she began training for a journey to the International Space Station set for 2015.
CSN reunited in 1977 for their album CSN which became the trio's best selling record.
His follow-up album, Un Día Normal, was released in 2002 and was later certified platinum in multiple countries throughout Latin America.
On October 27, 2014, Prettyman independently released an EP, "Back To Home".
Artie Shaw was an American clarinetist, composer, bandleader, and actor.
She is from Taisha, Shimane, now the city of Izumo.
Claire Patricia Grogan, known professionally as Clare Grogan or sometimes as C. P. Grogan, is a Scottish actress and singer.
His principal publishers are Peermusic and Faber Music.
Rucker is known for a diverse repertoire, and for utilizing techniques that catch her listeners' attention.
He has worked as a composer for movies and musicals and has acted in supporting roles in films, including Paradise Alley and Bram Stoker's Dracula.
In 1990, Schilling suffered from burnout and the following year he took a break.
Jordon was a member of Canadian indie band Abbey with Sofia Silva from 2004 to 2008.
After apartheid was dismantled in 1990, Makeba returned to South Africa.
She has written and co-written a number of the band's songs, some of which have become chart-topping hits.
She also played piano and bass clarinet on the Lydia Lunch album The Drowning of Lucy Hamilton.
Duffy learned to play the mandolin, dobro, and guitar, in addition to his tenor singing voice.
He is also leading his own band, Johnny Angry.
Zia Mohiuddin Dagar, popularly known as Z. M. Dagar, was a North Indian classical musician, one of the 19th generation of Dagar family dhrupad musicians.
His second album Ukulele Songs and a live DVD titled Water on the Road were released in 2011.
Born in Newark, New Jersey, she was the sister of Dionne Warwick, niece of Cissy Houston and the cousin of Whitney Houston.
He plays on the Kamchatka album The Search Goes On & Long Road Made Of Gold.
Cevin Fisher is an American house music record producer.
Anthony Gomes is a Canadian blues and blues rock guitarist and singer.
The first single "Fade Away" was released by Beatroute Records on 14 September 2009.
The Game is best known as a rapper in the West Coast hip hop scene and for being one of Dr. Dre's signers under Aftermath Records.
With a booming voice and looming physical presence, he is one of the best-known Chicago blues artists.
Mr Petrov performed at the world’s great concert halls and won the public’s hearts with the depth and expressiveness of his playing.
Joanna Connor is an American Chicago-based blues singer, songwriter, and a virtuoso guitarist.
He is also a professor/adviser of music business at the University of St. Thomas.
He also appeared in the 1988 rockumentary The Decline of Western Civilization Part II: The Metal Years.
Download's first album Furnace and Skinny Puppy's album The Process were both released dedicated to his memory.
She is one of the best-selling jazz artists on the official sales chart in Norway.
Antonio Smareglia was an Italian opera composer.
Benjamin Scott "Ben" Folds is an American singer-songwriter and record producer.
He also co-wrote the soundtrack to The Snowman and The Snowdog with Ilan Eshkeri, which was nominated for a BAFTA Craft Award in April 2013.
In 1996, Samir teamed up with Miami DJ George Acosta under the moniker Planet Soul.
However, patent records dispute this citing Florian Schneider and Ralf Hütter as the creators.
After working as a demo singer in the 1980s, he signed with Epic Records' Nashville division in 1990.
The book, Pride and Premiership, was published on 5 May 2011.
Ramachandra Kundgolkar Saunshi, popularly known as Pandit Sawai Gandharva, was a popular Hindustani Classical vocalist and Marathi stage actor of the Kirana Gharana.
Jasbinder Singh "Jas" Mann is a British songwriter, musician, singer, record producer and film producer.
He died on July 22, 2005, in Chicago, after a long battle with cancer.
Douglas "Dougie" Payne is the bassist and backing vocalist of the Scottish band Travis.
Former French President Valéry Giscard d'Estaing is quoted as saying Claude François was, to him, the equivalent of The Beatles.
After the band's breakup in 1993, Lovering drummed with several other acts, including The Martinis, Cracker, Nitzer Ebb and Tanya Donelly.
Môre Bring 'N Nuwe Dag - 2000"
He was one of the first rappers to be jailed due to his lyrical content.
John Patitucci is an American jazz bassist.
Born in Queens, New York, Morgan got her start in the music industry while singing with a church gospel choir called the Starlets of Corona.
He is the son of Congolese politician Edouard Mokolo Wa Mpombo.
Her most recent album, Lights Down Low, is a collection of covers.
Before moving to New York City in the mid-1980s, Cappo and his band Youth of Today had already made a dent on the scene.
In 2006, she sang to the major record label, Rotana.
Wynonie Harris, born in Omaha, Nebraska, was an American blues shouter and rhythm-and-blues singer of upbeat songs, featuring humorous, often ribald lyrics.
Doctor of the University, University of Ottawa, 2001.
It can range from light and fluffy to creamy and thick, depending on preparation techniques.
He has been nominated for more CMA and ACM awards and has more wins in both categories than any other artist.
Mark Andrew "Barney" Greenway is a British extreme metal vocalist, who has been a member of Napalm Death, Extreme Noise Terror, and Benediction.
He later created numerous permanent sound installations as "sound sculptures" of contemporary art.
Guns after the emergence of two different bands using the same name.
Ritter is known for his distinctive Americana style and narrative lyrics.
Operating as a one-man operation, Sigma Sound opened its doors for business on August 5, 1968.
He played music for much of his life but received little recognition before the early 1990s.
In 1994 the band decided to stop working together and de Meyer started to focus on side projects.
James Wesley Essex, better known by his stage name J-Wess, is an American-Australian hip hop and R&B music producer.
Howard Frazin is a composer based in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Apart from Indian languages, he also sang songs in English, Farsi, Arabic, Sinhalese, Creole and Dutch.
Together with Mute Beat band member Kazufumi Kodama he worked on various projects and formed the duo Kodama & Gota.
Yauch founded Oscilloscope Laboratories, an independent film production and distribution company based in New York City.
Jussi Pekka Pohjola was a Finnish multi-instrumentalist, composer and producer.
This was followed by twin albums Very Advanced Song Machine and Growl & Glide, his first solo cello recording, in 2015.
Miho Hatori is a Japanese singer, songwriter, and musician.
Other hits include "007", "It Mek" and "You Can Get It If You Really Want".
After their album was shelved, Roberson went on hiatus and returned to Houston.
After Idol, she and two other contestants formed the group Braided, releasing an album in 2006, on which Leitão duetted with figure skating champion Elvis Stojko.
Tiffany returned in 2001 with her first album in six years, The Color of Silence.
In describing "Rufenreddy", the fifth in the series, the ragtime historian "Perfessor" Bill Edwards stated:
Harrison's earliest musical influences included George Formby and Django Reinhardt; Carl Perkins, Chet Atkins and Chuck Berry were subsequent influences.
Some of these videos include her friends and former bandmates Imaj Thomas and Hunter Pecunia.
From 1603 on he was organist at the Petrikirche in Hamburg.
Hill's tumultuous romantic relationship with Jean led to the split of the band in 1997, after which she began to focus on solo projects.
Since their formation, they have released 16 studio albums, 4 DVD and 5 live albums.
Paul had released 19 albums by the end of 2014 and received 14 Boston Music Awards, considered the pinnacle of contemporary acoustic music success by some.
Baron Povel Karl Henric Ramel was a Swedish entertainer.
Rhodes continued to work with Curt Boettcher, forming the band the Millennium along with two other former Music Machine members.
Edward Mokolo Jr., better known by stage name Kaysha, is a singer/rapper and producer.
Drummers such as Joe Morello, Ginger Baker, John Bonham and Mitch Mitchell were particularly influential as Aldridge developed his drumming style.
A multi-instrumentalist, he was best known for his guitar and violin work and his collaborations with The Residents.
John Joseph Tempesta is the drummer of The Cult.
Eerie Von's preferred bass is the Fender Jazz.
Fred Ebb was an American musical theatre lyricist who had many successful collaborations with composer John Kander.
In 1840, after five months of unhappy marriage, she was divorced from the Cologne bookseller Matthieux.
In that timespan, Wallace charted within the country Top Ten four times.
Harris was born in Hempstead, New York.
John David Jackson, better known by his stage name Fabolous, is an American rapper and hip hop recording artist from Brooklyn, New York City.
She has won the Juno Award and three Canadian Folk Music Awards.
He is known primarily for his breakthrough 1995 single "Clubbed to Death", further popularised by 1999's The Matrix soundtrack.
He took an unusual route into the music business via performing on stage and television and singing lead roles in stage musicals in Glasgow.
He began his solo career in 1971, singing popular ballads and amassing 17 number one country hits.
Most recently, he was a member of the punk rock band Social Distortion in the late 1990s.
In April 2014, Lopez was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of the E Street Band.
He appeared in the 2011 Batsu game on Gaki no Tsukai.
She gained international fame during her teenage years as a member of the pop duo M2M with childhood friend Marion Raven.
He made his first recordings in Memphis for Sun Records, under the direction of Sam Phillips.
Baker began playing drums at age 15 around 1954, and later took lessons from Phil Seamen.
Clinton put together a backing band as musical support for a tour and recruited Nelson, originally as guitarist.
In 2014 he was invited to be Honorary Artistic President of Interkultur/World Choir Games.
Schumann later described Ernst Bach as "a very agile old gentleman of 84 years with snow-white hair and expressive features."
Clayton graduated from Wesleyan University, where he studied electronic music and computer science.
On New Year's Eve 1967, a week after the release of "I Wish It Would Rain", Penzabene committed suicide by gunshot at the age of 23.
In addition to over twenty other film scores, in 2012 she served as music producer for the film version of Les Misérables,
Van Zant is a fan of the Jacksonville Jaguars.
His third album, Baderekh el HaOsher was released in 1989, and was even more successful.
Salonga starred as Mei-li in the 2002 Broadway version of Flower Drum Song.
He is one of the four members of Danish-Norwegian pop band Aqua, and is married to the Aqua vocalist Lene Nystrøm.
None More Black announced an indefinite hiatus in 2007 but later regrouped.
Among them: Tom Novy, Parov Stelar, Cargo, Tetsu Shibuya/Brisa.
In 2013, Schemel joined the indie rock group Upset, formed by Ali Koehler, previously of Vivian Girls and Best Coast.
1: Hercules Dux Ferrariae, but he became particularly famous for his film scores Mise Éire and Saoirse?.
Jun Togawa is a Japanese singer, musician and actress.
With these two recordings, especially, he helped to invent the jazz ballad style and hinted at what, in the 1950s, would become cool jazz.
Nick Didkovsky is a composer, guitarist, computer music programmer, and leader of the band Doctor Nerve.
William Royce "Boz" Scaggs is an American singer, songwriter, and guitarist.
His first record, "Sunny Side of Love" on Peacock Records, was not successful.
In 1949 Fanică Luca started teaching the nai.
Anne Lorne Gillies is a singer, writer and Gaelic activist.
George Rock was a trumpet player and singer with various bands before starring with Spike Jones and His City Slickers.
She is also set to collaborate with Atlanta rock band Black Lips.
With them, he has recorded nine UK Albums Chart Top 25 studio albums, plus numerous singles, EPs, compilations and collaborations.
In October 2009, Fyffe was picked to join thenewno2 on their US tour with the Australian rock band, Wolfmother.
He later joined Boyz n da Hood in 2005, the same year his solo major label debut Let's Get It: Thug Motivation 101, was released.
In October 2008, a music video was created for "Everything U Need", a track by Thornhill's Smash Hi-Fi project.
Frederick Jay "Rick" Rubin is an American record producer and former co-president of Columbia Records.
Sporting dreadlocks at the height of his performing career, his energetic displays led to descriptions such as "the techno piper".
Fred Cash is an African-American soul singer.
He then moved to New York, and back to Paris in 1992.
Jojo Mayer is known for bringing together jazz, drum and bass, jungle, and other influences.
He was one of the major innovators of the free jazz movement of the 1960s, a term he invented with the name of his 1961 album.
She was one of the biggest female rock stars of her era.
This piece had a profound influence on subsequent writers of ragtime.
Cochran's rockabilly songs, such as "Twenty Flight Rock", "Summertime Blues", "C'mon Everybody", and "Somethin' Else", captured teenage frustration and desire in the mid-1950s and early 1960s.
Rosalino "Chalino" Sanchez was a Mexican singer and writer perhaps best known for his narcocorrido recordings.
This was one of the first digital music distribution labels owned by an African American woman.
Burbridge endorses Fodera, Modulus, Sukop and Dunlop guitars and effects.
He was raised in Barrington, Rhode Island and attended Taylor University, which he graduated from in 1975.
Additionally, two of the top 13 hits in the Hot 100's 57-year history were written by her.
Her hits included "Piano in the Dark" and "Get Here", which was also a hit for Oleta Adams.
Music critics have acknowledged his development of an original approach that places him among the best-known blues harp players.
As of 2013, Ennio Morricone has sold over 70 million records worldwide.
Horace Silver said, "He has a completely unique style.
Howard Levy is an American harmonica player, multi-instrumentalist, and owner of Balkan Samba Records.
Christopher John Dyke Acland was an English musician.
He was known for his playback singing in the Kannada, Telugu and Tamil film industries.
Budden also co-starred on the VH1 reality show Love & Hip Hop: New York.
Price was born in Fatfield, Washington, County Durham, and was educated at Jarrow Grammar School, South Tyneside.
His electronic music is also characterized by a deliberate misuse of the equipment, using feedback and disruptions in the signal to create many of the sounds.
Holland had an Elastica song named in her honour.
Adair often uses the quote "The harder you work, the luckier you get."
Carlos Cavazo is a Mexican-born American guitarist best known as the guitarist for Quiet Riot during their commercial peak.
Harris has appeared in the feature film Adrift in Soho..
Alison Brown is an American banjo player, guitarist, composer, and producer.
Perttu Päivö Kullervo Kivilaakso is a cello player for Finnish band Apocalyptica.
Marcus Siepen is a German guitarist and backing vocalist, most known for being the rhythm guitarist of power metal band Blind Guardian.
He also co-wrote the title hit for American superstar Anastacia's Not That Kind which sold over 10 million copies.
As Fad Gadget, his music was characterised by the use of synthesizers in conjunction with sounds of found objects, including drills and electric razors.
After gaining praise in the nascent grunge rock scene, Zapata was murdered in 1993 while on her way home from a music venue.
Erik Turner says he left the band before the recording of Knightmare II's Death Do Us Part EP.
He first came to America in 1955 on the invitation of violinist Yehudi Menuhin and later settled in California.
In 2007, he was named as Ireland's greatest living musician in RTÉ's People of the Year Awards.
After Hendrix became famous, Knight and Chalpin issued hundreds of albums of the recordings with Hendrix, resulting in years of legal action by both sides.
Justin Emerle is the lead singer, guitarist and founding member of Echo Orbiter.
With Alice Gerrard, Dickens was one of the first women to record a bluegrass album.
Raised in South Jamaica, Queens, he dropped out of high school in 1998.
Hunter Lawrence Burgan is an American multi-instrumentalist.
In death metal genre, Martin is very well known for his unique approach to vocals.
At age 34, Jackson released her debut album Centipede.
He remains one of the most respected and influential American singer-songwriters.
Her solo album, Reflections, was released in 2011.
He is well known for having many custom-made guitars from Hamer Guitars, including his famous five-neck guitar.
He was part of a popular 1950s singing group called the Ames Brothers.
Derroll Adams was an American folk musician.
In addition, he composed the music for Pe-al nostru steag e scris Unire, which was used for Albania's national anthem, Hymni i Flamurit.
Her father, Tony Gwynn, wore number 19 for the San Diego Padres.
Shane Lynch is an Irish singer-songwriter, actor and professional drift driver, best known as a member of Boyzone.
Among the services handled by the agency are business and fiscal management, fundraising, booking and contract negotiation, tour management, publicity and promotion, and local production.
Final sessions for her album took place at Parr Street Studios in Liverpool, England in April and May 2008.
Nanci Caroline Griffith is an American singer, guitarist, and songwriter, reared in Austin, Texas, who currently lives in Nashville, Tennessee.
The re-recording of some of her old songs rekindled her career in 2002.
He is best known as the guitarist for the rock band, Queens of the Stone Age, for which he has served since 2002.
It is an acronym for "Knowledge of Self", although in a later interview he said that it originally stood for "Kevin's Original Sound".
He has a second younger brother, Charly, who was keyboard player in 22-20s.
On 3 December 2007, "Furniture" was released as a digital single, and the album, My Paper Made Men, issued on 5 May 2008.
He was the runner-up of the tenth series of I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!.
It was one of the ten chosen songs to take part in the preliminary to the Sopot Music Festival.
1 & 2 in 1998, Music & Me in 2001, and Nate Dogg as a bootlegged album in 2003 and on CD in 2014.
He is the founder of Java Records.
Augustyniak joined the band in March 1983, two years after the group formed.
His solo career began under the pop-hit oriented guidance of Bert Berns with the release of the hit single "Brown Eyed Girl" in 1967.
Thomas Charles Greenhalgh is a multimedia artist and singer-songwriter best known for his work with the Mekons.
Hansgen later played guitar in the reformed Meatmen on their album Rock & Roll Juggernaut.
Beauford was ranked #10 by a Rolling Stone magazine reader's poll in 2010 for greatest drummers of all time.
Robert William Cray is an American blues guitarist and singer.
Her other song "Rock 'N Roll Girl" was featured in the film PollyWorld.
He has since returned to performing in the New York City area, appearing with Tha Veteranz which reunited him with his former partner Lovebug Starski.
Across all his bands and projects, Townsend has released twenty-three studio albums and three live albums.
Hamri's mother was born into the Attar family of Zahjouka musicians.
She also featured on "The Theory of Everything", an album from Arjen Anthony Lucassen's Ayreon project, with which she is cast as the Mother.
As a musician, he has had chart success with the bands The Buggles, Yes and Art of Noise.
Randolph Peter "Pete" Best is an English musician, principally known as an original member and first drummer of the Beatles, from 1960 to 1962.
He was succeeded in Roadhouse by drummer Trevor Brewis.
The Terror from Beyond Space, Return of the Fly, The Lost World, Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea, and Jack the Giant Killer in 1962.
Michael Eliot "Mike" Gordon is a bass guitar player and vocalist most recognized as a founding member and bassist for the band Phish.
15 on their list of the Top 50 Lyricists of All Time.
Rockwilder is an American hip hop record producer and singer.
Her debut album entitled Adriana Evans was released in 1997 and peaked at #33 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.
In 2002, Mack would appear in the music video for Puffy's single "I Need a Girl".
Hayes announced publicly on March 13, 2016 that he has been writing an original musical with writer and comedian Johnny Menke.
Jerry Holland was a musician and fiddler who lived on Cape Breton Island in Nova Scotia, Canada.
As a bandmate told Rolling Stone magazine, Goettel had just returned to his parents' house to kick his habit.
Her grandfather owned a fishing factory in the Shetland Islands.
Anika Rose Moa is a New Zealand recording artist.
Horace Panter also known as Sir Horace Gentleman, is the bassist for the British 2 Tone ska band The Specials.
Miroslav Škoro is a Croatian musician and politician.
Born in New York City, he took up piano and banjo before switching to trumpet.
Deb Lyons is a singer-songwriter from New York City.
The album, comprising fifteen contemporary worship tracks, was recorded live at Victory Fellowship Church, with Meany providing lead vocals.
Jeffrey Allen "Jeff" Ament is an American musician and songwriter who serves as the bassist for the American rock band Pearl Jam.
In 2005, Kittie parted ways with Artemis Records and created their own label.
In 2014 he received the British Academy's Ivor Novello Award for Outstanding Contribution to British Music.
Elf had effectively dissolved by the time that album was released as the members hoped to continue with Blackmore.
Anne Erin "Annie" Clark, better known by her stage name St. Vincent, is an American musician, singer-songwriter, and multi-instrumentalist.
In 2008, Warby began a doom metal project named The 11th Hour, and released the album The Burden of Grief in 2009.
He has also won a Pulitzer Prize, making him one of two people to receive each award.
He used to paint houses for a living, and play gigs for local bands until eventually joining Orgy.
Ronald Frederick Geesin is a Scottish musician and composer, noted for his quirky creations and novel applications of sound.
He first became known during his four-year stint with Jimmy Martin in the 1950s.
Ville Hermanni Valo is a Finnish singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist, best known as the lead vocalist and main songwriter of the Finnish gothic rock band HIM.
From Bessemer Cocktail and after, his music took a turn towards acid house rather than the easy listening downtempo.
Olsen was chosen to lead the band by Knapp's widow.
He also produced several tracks for Ice-T, among them his first gangsta rap recording, "6 in the Mornin'".
Other live and recording appearances include Ship of Fools, Solstice Lamentations EP and Halcyon, and Dragonlord as touring guitarist.
His solo single "Say Something" reached the number 1 position in Lebanon during the civil war.
Blind Boy Fuller was an American blues guitarist and singer.
He is married to pianist Toshiko Akiyoshi.
Jesse Colin Young is an American singer and songwriter.
Haggard continued to release successful albums into the 2000s.
Born either in England or in Douai, Flanders, France, Wade fled to France after the Jacobite rising of 1745 was crushed.
Her biggest hits in Japan are "New Day" and "In The Sky", the theme song for the Square Enix role-playing video game Grandia III.
David Broza is an Israeli singer-songwriter and activist.
Henry Pitts Brown, known professionally as Ray Ellington, was a popular English singer, drummer and bandleader.
He plays primarily acoustic guitar and piano, and occasionally plays the 5 string banjo.
In February 2008, Robas released his 7th album, Mashehu Khadash Matkhil, produced by Uri Zakh.
Composing music at an early age, she began studying the piano and electronic organ when she was three years old.
However, at the demand of the rest of the band, he agreed to let them continue as Stratovarius while leaving the band.
In July 2017, the orchestra announced a further extension of Vänskä's contract through the 2021-2022 season.
William Patrick "Willie P." Bennett was a Canadian folk-music singer and song writer, harmonica player, and mandolinist.
As his career progressed, Coltrane and his music took on an increasingly spiritual dimension.
She graduate bachelor's degree of Public Administration from Suan Sunandha
Reed was known for his distinctive deadpan voice and poetic lyrics, and for pioneering and coining the term ostrich guitar tuning.
He has been on the Australian music scene for over 10 years.
Since 1993, Parveen has toured globally, performing her first international concert at Buena Park, California.
He still performs actively throughout the world.
In 1983, she received the Brit Award for Best British Female.
He was hailed for the technical proficiency of his performances, which set a new standard for jazz piano virtuosity.
David Schulthise, otherwise known as Dave Blood, was the bass guitarist for the punk band Dead Milkmen.
In 1968, Vercoe's research in Digital Audio Processing paved the way for the subsequent evolution of digital musical composition.
During the early 1990s, he initiated the Spanish spoken dancehall.
In 1986, Simon was awarded an Honorary Doctor of Music degree from Berklee College of Music, where he currently serves on the Board of Trustees.
He is also arguably the most famous Armenian of his time.
He has produced many seminal albums, including Marley's Catch A Fire and Uprising, and The B-52's' self-titled debut album in 1979.
Darude's second studio album, Rush, reached number 11 on the Billboard dance chart in 2003 and number 4 on weekly album chart in Finland.
Lockwood is known for his longtime collaboration with Sonny Boy Williamson II and for his work in the mid-1950s with Little Walter.
The record eventually became one of the era's defining recordings.
Camilo produced and translated the lyrics to Spanish, of an album from the popular Australian band Air Supply.
Linda Hopkins was an American actress and blues and gospel singer.
The title track along with the song "Harmony" reached number one on Billboard magazine's Hot Dance Music/Club Play chart.
Benvie's first novel, Safety of War, was published by Coach House Books.
His nickname, "Wild Apache", was given to him by his mentor Early B.
She is best known as a co-founder of The Bangles.
In the December 2007 issue of Revolver Puciato was voted one of the "37 greatest metal frontmen" of all time.
David Lee Roth is an American rock vocalist, musician, songwriter, actor, author, and former radio personality.
He is best known for his hit song "Westside", which became a top 40 hit in several countries in 1998.
He is best known for providing the voice of Carl "CJ" Johnson in the 2004 video game Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas.
He is also known for his participation on various albums with the Alan Parsons Project.
1 on the UK classical charts in 2003 and has sold more than two million copies worldwide.
The song features collaborations with rapper Gloc-9 and guest vocals of Denise Barbacena.
He is known as a member of the East Coast hip hop collective Wu-Tang Clan.
He soon became a street performer in several Georgia cities, including Atlanta and Augusta, and first recorded in 1927 for Victor Records.
Michael Tait met Toby McKeehan in 1984 when he was in high school.
Jesse David Leach is an American musician from Providence, Rhode Island, and is the lead vocalist of the metalcore band Killswitch Engage.
She subsequently released two albums: Lookaftering in 2005, and Heartleap in 2014.
Goue & Platinum Treffers Deur Die Jare Heen - 2000"
Franz Xaver Scharwenka was a German pianist, composer and teacher of Bohemian-Polish descent.
However, in 2015, Aaron brought back the Gene Ween name for his "Gene Ween Does Billy Joel" concerts, saying it was a positive thing:
Women + Country became Dylan's highest-charting album since the Wallflowers' 1996 breakthrough Bringing Down the Horse, peaking at No.12 on the Billboard 200.
He has been nominated for ten Grammy Awards, winning Best Vocal Jazz Album for Dedicated to You on the Concord Jazz label.
He also recorded or produced records for Ingrid Chavez, Booker T. & the M.G.
The album sold over 2 million copies, and launched his career as a funk and soul artist.
He is one of the founding members of the children's band The Wiggles.
Larsen left BNA in 2009, in favor of Treehouse Records and consequently with Stroudavarious Records, but is now unsigned.
In 2011, Griffin's album Downtown Church won the Grammy Award for Best Traditional Gospel Album.
Quaife founded a group known as The Ravens in 1963 with brothers Ray and Dave Davies.
Allan's third album, Smoke Rings in the Dark, was his first one for MCA Nashville and his first platinum album.
Tony Furtado is an American singer-songwriter, banjoist, and guitarist.
; the profits of the double album—destined to the IRS—and the auction of Nelson's assets cleared his debt.
He now lives in exile in the United States, and although he has occasionally returned to Zimbabwe he has not returned since 2005.
He wrote songs for films, television and theater, and won an Emmy and four Academy Awards for Best Original Song
Stanley Newcomb Kenton was an American popular music and jazz artist.
Ne-Yo's third studio album, Year of the Gentleman, was released internationally in August 2008.
He continued to tour throughout the 1980s, '90s and 2000s, mainly in 1960s revival-type shows, until his retirement in 2010 due to ill health.
Plaskett's and his songwriting frequently contains allusions to his home city, Dartmouth.
Edgardo Armando Franco, better known as El General, is a Panamanian reggae artist considered by some to be one of the fathers of "Reggae En Español".
Jaki Liebezeit was a German drummer, best known as a founding member of Can.
Paolo Fresu is an Italian jazz trumpet and flugelhorn player, as well as a composer and arranger of music.
Daniel Scott “Danny” Lux is an American composer who has contributed music for television and film productions.
He is known for being the lead guitarist and lead vocalist for the Welsh alternative rock band Manic Street Preachers.
Talat was a very gifted singer in every sense.
Susanne Aartun Sundfør is a Norwegian singer, songwriter and record producer.
In 2006 Stankiewicz released a new album called Mimikra.
His 2004 album Kamikaze reached the top of the US Billboard 200 album chart, after the success of the Billboard Hot 100 #1 single "Slow Jamz".
Recently he has written music for video games, including World of Warcraft, and for television, including NBC's Kentucky Derby.
Tibbetts views the recording studio as a tool for creating sounds.
Later, he helped create the melodic indie rock-styled band Rival Schools.
Crahan is the oldest member of Slipknot, and has been largely responsible for the band's success with his extensive involvement in Slipknot's media production.
Her single "Where Have All the Cowboys Gone?"
Sir John Phillip William Dankworth, CBE, also known as Johnny Dankworth, was an English jazz composer, saxophonist and clarinetist, and writer of film scores.
Carawan and his wife lived in New Market, near the Highlander Center.
By arranging concerts where people of all races were welcome, he is credited with desegregating Washington D.C. nightclubs.
Marion Elise Ravn, known as Marion Raven, is a Norwegian singer and songwriter.
Hammerstein won eight Tony Awards and two Academy Awards for Best Original Song.
Although most of her songs are primarily sung in Japanese, many feature entire verses written in English.
He was in London when Johann Christian Bach died there on New Year's Day, 1782.
Pisarović was born in Brčko, Bosnia-Herzegovina, Yugoslavia and grew up in Požega, Croatia, a part of the same country until she was 13.
Rob Benvie is a Canadian musician and writer who has performed with alternative rock acts Thrush Hermit, Bankruptcy, Camouflage Nights, The Tennis Injury, and The Dears.
He is a founding member of the multi-discipline design and film collective Tomato and has published several books.
She is also a solo DJ, and part of a six-piece country music band called Brush Prairie.
Cockburn has written more than 300 songs on thirty albums over a career spanning 40 years.
When World War I forced the closure of all European opera houses, Paoli made his living as a professional boxer.
Every year Otsuka also has her own Love is Born tour to mark the anniversary of being in the music industry and her birthday in September.
For more than two decades Paris, France, was her adopted home and Dakar, Senegal, was her favorite vacation spot.
Carina Round is a British singer-songwriter from Wolverhampton in the West Midlands of England.
Filippo Azzaiolo was a 16th-century Italian composer.
He is best known for his opera L'amore dei tre re, once part of the standard repertoire.
From 2009 to 2014 he performed in Furthur alongside his former Grateful Dead band mate Bob Weir.
Steven Noel "Steve" Wariner is an American country music singer, songwriter and guitarist.
Cosey Fanni Tutti is a performance artist, musician, and writer, best known for her time in the avant-garde groups Throbbing Gristle and Chris & Cosey.
Dyagileva was greatly influenced by Letov and Alexander Bashlachev, who were her friends.
", which has sold 3.7 million copies in the UK.
He is best known as a member of the Pat Metheny Group.
McPhee's definitive biography and discography was published in 2012.
Simon Paul Berry, known by his alias Art of Trance, is a trance music artist from England.
He wrote and recorded the hits "Tight Rope" and "Lady Blue".
Silver was first introduced to professional recording and production upon meeting and working with producer and Soundscape Recording Studio owner Richard Termini.
She became the first female country musician to tour the Eastern Bloc countries in Europe and released an album with a country singer from Czechoslovakia.
Todd Strange is a bassist who played live on the first Down album NOLA and with Crowbar.
Tsunku is a prolific Japanese record producer, songwriter, and vocalist.
Nigel Olsson is an English rock drummer and singer best known for his long-time affiliation with Elton John.
Lorenzo Jerald Patterson, better known by his stage name MC Ren, is an American rapper from Compton, California.
It is speculated that firing Gary was simply due to his R&B style of drumming, which did not sit well with Blackmore.
Sebastian was awarded seven Latin Grammy Awards and five Grammy Awards, making him the most awarded Mexican performer in Grammy history.
She followed with a series of albums, including Dangerous Acquaintances, A Child's Adventure, and Strange Weather.
Ambersunshower later returned with a second album, The Turtle Chronicles, released by Shamalama Music on April 17, 2008.
He was also a member of Liquid Tension Experiment, Bruford Levin Upper Extremities, ProjeKct One, and ProjeKct Four.
He published an artbook called "Worlds Away: Voivod and The Art of Michel Langevin".
In 2009, he launched the CLR Podcast, which was made available every Monday via iTunes and CLR's own website.
In 1901, upon the advice of Jan Kubelík, she went to study under his former tutor Otakar Ševčík in Prague.
As both band leader of Zapp and in his subsequent solo releases, he scored a bevy of funk and R&B hits throughout the 1980s.
Tyler Bates is an American music producer and composer for films, television, and video games.
She began her recording career in 1960 and achieved immediate success.
Alan Price is an English musician, best known as the original keyboardist for the British band the Animals and for his subsequent solo work.
Two years later, Blue Note's French subsidiary released Conte's next album Other Directions.
She was the ninth-place finisher on the third season of the reality show Canadian Idol in 2005.
He was one of the first jazz double bassists to switch entirely to electric bass guitar.
Warren "Baby" Dodds was a jazz drummer born in New Orleans, Louisiana.
Steven Paul "Buddy" Miller is an American singer, songwriter, musician, recording artist and producer, currently living in Nashville, Tennessee.
Tucker is the only recording artist to have had a yearly residency at Europe’s clubbing mecca, Ibiza.
He currently resides in New York City.
In 2009, she self-released the album Butterfly.
He has performed and recorded with such notable artists as Elvis Presley, Emmylou Harris, John Denver, and Ricky Nelson.
Mazich joined Watt in recording The Secondman's Middle Stand in January and February 2004; the album was released in October of that year.
Dave Brubeck defined Rushing's status among blues singers as "the daddy of them all."
As a guitarist, he has been featured on every Alan Parsons Project album, including the 1984 side project Keats.
Simmons started playing the drums at an early age, playing with his brothers Mike and Jamie in several cover bands.
Aaron also went to La Plata High School with Joel Madden, Benji Madden, and Paul Thomas of Good Charlotte.
Knight also wrote a second book on Hendrix, titled Starchild, published by Abelard Productions in the mid-1990s.
The Moon River Theatre in Branson, Missouri, is named after the song he is most known for singing—Johnny Mercer and Henry Mancini's "Moon River".
He subsequently revised this story, claiming it as his own original composition.
Bradley James Nowell was an American musician who served as the founder, lead singer, and guitarist of the band Sublime.
With the help of E-Swift of Tha Alkaholiks, by 1999, Defari recorded his first album, Focused Daily released on Tommy Boy/Warner Bros. Records.
In 2002, Nickelodeon offered Miller his own show titled Romeo!
He is also known for his technical style of playing, fast-paced speed metal-like rhythm, and capable songwriting abilities.
His second North American tour since his resurgence, featuring 12 shows in intimate venues, began on 12 September 2016.
Makeba was among the first African musicians to receive worldwide recognition.
Régine Chassagne is a Canadian multi-instrumentalist musician, singer and songwriter, and is a founding member of the band Arcade Fire.
Lady Linda Louise, McCartney was an American musician, photographer, animal rights activist, entrepreneur and publisher who was married to Paul McCartney of the Beatles.
See: List of music students by teacher: K to M#Otto Luening.
He favored overdriven amplifiers with high volume and gain, and was instrumental in utilizing the previously undesirable sounds caused by guitar amplifier feedback.
In addition to songwriting and music, Niblett is also a professional astrologer, and often incorporates astrological themes into her song lyrics.
Peter E. "Sneaky Pete" Kleinow was an American country-rock musician, songwriter, and a motion picture special effects artist.
A key factor, allegedly, in her being selected to join the group was the similarities between her and Kivi's appearance.
and the Tony Award for Best Composer and Lyricist for the 1964 musical Fiddler on the Roof with Sheldon Harnick.
The 11-song album was his first release to be recorded entirely in Swedish.
Randal Joseph "Joey" Cape is an American singer, songwriter and producer.
In 1960, their album Jonathan and Darlene Edwards in Paris won the Grammy Award for Best Comedy Album.
His influence also extends to the popular music industry, particularly electronic dance music.
He is featured in the 2001 documentary, Scratch.
Becker's performing career was cut short by amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Dez Paul Cadena is an American punk rock singer and guitarist.
Rio Reiser supported squatting in the early 1970s and later the green political party Die Grünen.
Guns, with whom he wrote most of their self-titled debut album.
Before that, he ran a studio in Old Montreal called Mom & Pop Sounds.
As his final record he left, terribly thinned out by illness, a warm and heartfelt version of Schubert's Winterreise.
She has also earned nominations for a Tony Award and a Golden Globe award.
With hit songs such as "Combien de Temps" and "Oh Ironie", his popularity spread Europe-wide with various albums, tours, and chart success in France and Switzerland.
In late October, 2011, C'mon played their final show at the Bovine Sex Club in Toronto, ON.
In the first years of the 1970s, The Elves enjoyed minor success as a consistent opening act for Deep Purple.
Inul Daratista is a dangdut singer and performance artist from Pasuruan, East Java, Indonesia.
He was regarded as one of the greatest Italian opera composers of the era.
Powderfinger then reunited in 2007 and released two more albums before disbanding in late 2010.
He is notable for his development of forms of jazz which allowed for free interplay between the musicians, anticipating forms of free improvisation.
Svend Asmussen was a jazz violinist from Denmark, known as "The Fiddling Viking".
She also recorded a large number of BBC Radio and Peel sessions and toured regularly on the British college and festival circuit.
Johnson and Dr Feelgood were an influence on the English punk movement.
He released one album on Warner Bros. Records titled Back Tuva Future.
He also recorded with Supersax, a Charlie Parker tribute band that consisted of a saxophone quintet, the rhythm section, and either a trumpet or trombone.
He is also a pioneering figure in the EAI-scene, and is featured on important records on labels like Erstwhile Records.
Irons will be an opening act in 2017 for the Chili Peppers on The Getaway World Tour.
He attended Qala primary school, then the Lyceum in Victoria, Gozo.
After amassing a small fortune in the 1980s from Celtic Frost's success, he became an entrepreneur.
Farris rose to fame with the release of her debut album, Wild Seed - Wild Flower on Columbia Records.
His recordings were accompanied by singers such as Alberto Echagüe, Armando Laborde, and Héctor Maure, among others.
She had already established her first band in high school, and started a solo career after the separation of The Bangles in 1990.
She was a final 10 contestant on the 2005 season of TV talent show, Australian Idol, and was eliminated on 26 September.
The band reconvened in 2010 to record material for their fifth album.
He started at a country music restaurant called "Live At Libby's" where owner Libby Knight would help local talent find their way into country music.
During the 1970s, Kalniņš returned to writing symphonic music.
Later Wurzeln & Flügel was released by another label called Dackel Enterprise.
The track spent four weeks as the No.
She is usually defined as a world music artist.
He is a versatile drummer who has played in musical styles ranging from bebop to free form to jazz/rock.
These tunes -- "Sixth Street Rag", "Tenth Street Rag", "Eleventh Street Rag" and "Twelfth Street Rag"—were named after streets of "Boss" Tom Pendergast's redlight district.
Melvin Howard Tormé, nicknamed The Velvet Fog, was an American musician, best known as a singer of jazz standards.
"I am saddened beyond any possible form of expression," Ness said in a statement.
17 on the ARIA Singles Chart and at the APRA Music Awards of 2002 it won 'Most Performed Dance Work'.
He championed racial and gender equality and union politics.
She once owned and ran a dive bar popular among artists and musicians, The Saint, in that city's Garden District.
He is most notable for his time as lead vocalist in L.A.
Although Buchanan had the band play mainly marches rather than jazz, the techniques he taught profoundly affected Davis' jazz style.
Since the beginning of her career, she has released 66 solo albums and has been featured on albums by other musicians.
Umberto Antonio Tozzi is an Italian pop and rock singer and composer.
She performed Cage’s music throughout North America, Europe and Asia and in the PBS "American Masters" films on John Cage and Jasper Johns.
Books, movies, documentaries, articles and stage plays document her life and career.
He was nominated twice for the Brit Award for Best British Male Artist: 1988 and 1989.
His cover versions of rhythm and blues hits had a noticeable effect on the development of the broad popularity of rock and roll.
His biggest hit was "In the Jailhouse Now," which charted for 37 weeks in 1955, 21 of them at number one.
Bley was a long-time resident of the United States.
He signed to Universal Records in 2005 and released The Sound of Revenge under Universal.
Her work with the United Service Organizations giving concerts for soldiers during World War II earned her the nickname "G.I.
He sang in the 1980s with the pop groups Bronski Beat and The Communards, and has also had a solo career.
"Circles" spent a week at #1 in 1998.
Eggleston has brought the Land of Sneth to people in places like Australia, Bali, Lithuania, and Sicily, building a snethwork of global fans.
She was not related to the singers Bessie Smith and Mamie Smith.
Her 2012 album Sun incorporated electronica, in a self-proclaimed move from the "really slow guitar songs" she initially wrote for the album.
Nearly as well known is Pat Metheny's early recording American Garage.
Other hits include "In the Dark," "Rock Me Tonite," "Lonely Is the Night," "Everybody Wants You," and "Emotions in Motion."
AK1200 is the stage name of Florida-based musician Dave Minner working in the jungle and drum and bass genres.
In 2014 he was the inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame.
Donovan Patton is an American host, actor, voice actor, and singer.
People with the surname or its variant include:
Bo Stief is a Danish jazz and rock bassist, composer, and arranger born in Copenhagen.
Margaret Youngblood better known by her stage name Margaret Young, was an American singer and comedian who was popular in the 1920s.
In 2008 he went on tour with Tina Turner.
Initially trained as a classical pianist, Bjørnstad discovered jazz at an early age and has embraced the emergence of "European jazz".
A second Greatest Hits package followed in 2004, and after that, he released Honkytonk University.
His albums focus primarily on instrumental music, and Astatke appears on all three known albums of instrumentals that were released during Ethiopia's Golden 1970s.
Despite some listings crediting Samson for playing on the Ram Jam 1977 hit single, "Black Betty", he did not play on the record.
He completed his BA in English Literature at the prestigious Christian College, Chennai, and took up a short music course at Annamalai University.
His music encompassed elements of folk, soul, and rhythm and blues.
Robertson has been inducted into the Canadian Songwriters Hall of Fame, and received a Lifetime Achievement Award from the National Academy of Songwriters.
His third album Graffiti was released later that year, and included the top-twenty single "I Can Transform Ya".
The first single "Lucy" premiered on 22 August 2014.
Ernie McKay is an American musician who led a territory band in Columbus, Ohio.
In addition to his bass playing, Ritchie is proficient at the shakuhachi, a Japanese bamboo flute.
Phil Elverum is an Anacortes, Washington-based songwriter, producer and visual artist, best known for his musical projects The Microphones and Mount Eerie.
He won an Ivor Novello Award, the Ivor Inspiration Award, in 2009.
He attended Harbord Collegiate Institute at an early age.
He has also produced or arranged albums by Randy Newman, Harry Nilsson.
Jason Wright Downs is an American actor and singer of Cherokee, Dutch, Irish and, Scottish descent.
After mastering double-bass usage in Morbid Angel, Sandoval also implemented them in Terrorizer's World Downfall album when the band briefly re-united to record it.
Page is widely considered to be one of the greatest and most influential guitarists of all time.
He did not reprise the role in the second season.
Pat has recorded with Impellitteri and Ted Nugent.
Many works of Siegfried Alkan seem to be lost.
Melvin also plays in Punk Rock Karaoke with Steve Soto, and Greg Hetson where the motto is "We Play... You Sing!"
The band's debut album, Awakening features violinist Martin St-Pierre, and vocalist Kate St-Pierre.
He was known for his hekh, in which he sings a note continuously in one breath.
He hosted the popular summer TV show Allsång på Skansen from 1994 to 2003.
When his sales as a solo artist and as a member of Roxy Music are combined, Ferry has sold over 30 million albums worldwide.
He was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania to a large Irish American family, the youngest of seven siblings.
She sang lead vocals on two of the band's released singles, "Going Down to Liverpool" and "Be with You".
After going through rehab, Turbonegro reunited in 2002, but Husby and the band "laid it on ice" in 2010.
He is best known for his acclaimed collaborations with Miles Davis.
Vincent Crane was a self-taught pianist, who studied theory and composition at Trinity College of Music, and graduated in 1964.
This was especially precipitated by his success in his first album, Mai vane Vana Vavo(1984) and a single hit, Venenzia..
Eugene Hütz is a Ukrainian-born singer, composer, disc jockey and actor, most notable as the frontman of the Gypsy punk band Gogol Bordello.
He is divorced and has three adult sons.
He was son of Italian immigrants and used more modern arrangements and instrumentation; his popular group produced hundreds of recordings.
She died in 1997 of cerebral edema and liver failure.
Ofra Harnoy CM is a Canadian cellist.
He has had more than 130 singles, albums and EPs make the UK Top 20, more than any other artist.
Santa Maria died of adrenoleukodystrophy in 1996 in Lausanne.
Harry "The Hipster" Gibson was a jazz pianist, singer, and songwriter.
Undaunted by this physical setback, he continued his involvement in track and field by taking up shot put and weight training.
He was inducted into the Modern Drummer Hall of Fame in 1985.
Shindell collaborated with Dar Williams and Lucy Kaplansky to form the group Cry Cry Cry.
Lawrence Roger 'Larry' Fast is a synthesizer expert and composer.
Sorbara recorded a version of the Christmas song, It's the Most Wonderful Time of the Year, for the 2003 Nettwerk compilation album, Maybe This Christmas Too?.
Willetts was a vegetarian for a long while, but started eating meat prior to 2006.
He was widely recognized as "the Viking of 6th Avenue" by thousands of passersby and residents who weren't aware of his musical career.
Eva Dahlgren toured July - August 2008 together with Peter Jöback in Sweden, Norway and Finland.
Some of her original songs were covered by folk singers, allowing her to sign with Reprise Records and record her debut album in 1968.
Najwa Karam is a Lebanese multi-Platinum singer, songwriter, and fashion icon.
James starred in The Salt-n-Pepa Show, a reality TV series focusing on reforming the group which aired on the VH1 network in 2008.
Carola Maria Häggkvist, better known as simply Carola, is a Swedish singer and occasional songwriter.
Rogers' third album, Beauregard, was released in 2008 on Rogers' own independent record label under the group name "Kate Rogers Band".
Scaggs continues to write, record music, and tour.
He has been a member of the classical crossover group Il Divo since 2004, who has sold over 28 million copies worldwide discs.
Xenomania started a "record label" of the same name in 2008, developing artists and working on material before looking for major label deals.
In 1991, he quit music to become a commercial airline pilot.
Trent liked where I was coming from musically, and thought it was conducive to the direction of the new record".
He is perhaps best known for his long association with singer Tom Waits, and has worked with a vast number of others as a session musician.
Vincent Grant Gill is an American country singer, songwriter and multi-instrumentalist.
Sean Reinert is the drummer of Æon Spoke.
Critics were generally unreceptive but the decade garnered the trumpeter his highest level of commercial recognition.
While on tour in Australia Harris discovered the Indigenous Australian wind instrument, the didgeridoo, which he added to the collection of instruments he plays.
She would remain a recurring cast member for four seasons, lasting until 2011.
He is sometimes known as 'The Rochdale Cowboy' after one of his hit records.
One of the most successful artists in any musical genre, Underwood has sold more than 65 million records worldwide.
He has been known for his bluesy hard rock sound and frequent use of the pinch harmonic.
Laurie Berkner is a French-born American musician best known for her work as a children's musical artist.
His songs include "Proud Mary", "Willie and the Poor Boys", "Down on the Corner", "Bad Moon Rising", "Green River", and "Fortunate Son".
He also learned the violin, which he studied with Franz Benda.
For the cattleman and politician from Alberta, Canada, see Archibald J. McLean.
He was one of the most popular American rock and roll performers of the pre-British Invasion era.
He joined the Allman Brothers Band in 1969.
Herbert Maurice William 'Bert' Weedon, OBE was an English guitarist whose style of playing was popular and influential during the 1950s and 1960s.
She was detained for three months in Spain, for singing on the streets.
Arthur is also an acclaimed painter and designer.
Cara Elizabeth Dillon is an Irish folk singer.
He hopes to enter the field of filmmaking as well.
In 2016, Timo and his producing partner James Teej, received a Grammy nomination for their work on Paul McCartney & Wings' track "Nineteen Hundred and Eighty-Five".
Traa is married and has two children, and as a bassist, has a jazz and funk background.
From 1951 he had a career as a singer-songwriter and guitarist, which spanned six decades.
He continued these roles as a member of Jefferson Starship, Jefferson Airplane's successor band.
An unusual guitar of his is a hand-built double guitar: one half is electric and the other half is acoustic.
Sabah Abu Qaws, also known as Sabah Fakhri, is an iconic Syrian tenor singer from Aleppo.
Joey Scarbury is an American singer best known for his hit song, "Theme from The Greatest American Hero", in 1981.
He is well known for combining traditional Japanese music with elements of rock, jazz, and other world music.
His arrest for looking up a woman's skirt in September 2000 marked the beginning of Tashiro's problems with the law.
Her debut album Glass Shoes was released on 3 December 2004.
He is best known for his string and luk thung music.
Sidney Matthew Sweet is an American rock singer-songwriter and musician.
Luke Kelly was an Irish singer, folk musician and actor from Dublin, Ireland.
She is currently signed with Phoerix Records and has released twelve albums and eleven singles.
She was named Miss Cinema 1987 and later, she started her singing career.
Hardy did not appear on any of the Rhythm Kings recording sessions, never making any commercial recordings before his early death.
He later wrote and recorded "The Twist" which spread the popularity of the dance and was notably covered by Chubby Checker.
Joseph Shabalala, born Bhekizizwe Joseph Siphatimandla Mxoveni Mshengu Bigboy Shabalala, is the founder and musical director of the South African choral group Ladysmith Black Mambazo.
In the late 1970s Rezabek fronted several punk bands including San Francisco-based Negative Trend, which he formed with guitarist Craig Gray and bassist Will Shatter.
He is Managing Director and a Managing Partner of the private equity firm Elevation Partners, which has invested in several companies.
Cedric Myton, is a Reggae musician and Rastafarian.
Subsequently, Harris has worked with such notable jazz artists as Abdullah Ibrahim, David Murray, Lester Bowie, Cecil Taylor, Sam Rivers, Muhal Richard Abrams and Charlie Haden.
Akira Yamaoka is a Japanese video game composer, sound designer, guitarist, and producer, best known for composing various games in the Silent Hill series by Konami.
An early interest in hip hop led to his using the turntables, practicing often.
After releasing Vatican Nitez four years later, he left the Rephlex label and started his own label J-HOK records, which he released three albums on.
Barbara Gaskin is a British Canterbury scene singer.
In 2000, music for the 1973 movie Pūt, vējiņi was re-recorded by the Liepāja Symphony Orchestra as well as many recognized singers.
A photograph by Herman Leonard of Gordon taking a smoke break at the Royal Roost in 1948 is one of the iconic images in jazz photography.
He is one of the three noted guitarists to have played with The Yardbirds.
In addition to singing, songwriting and guitar, Wilson co-established and operated Mr. Lady Records from 1996 to 2004.
Employed at Square Enix from 1998 to 2003, Eguchi is currently working for Sega, where he primarily assists Tomoya Ohtani on his projects.
While only in his teens, Bad Boy Bill began his DJ career in 1985 during the Chicago house music movement of the mid to late 1980s.
Shaffer's work with Korn has resulted in over 35 million albums sold.
She is the daughter of Ravi Shankar and the half-sister of Norah Jones.
Wayne "The Train" Hancock is a country musician.
Persson's first solo album released under her own name, Animal Heart, was released on 10 February 2014 on the independent British record label Lojinx Records.
She is one of only seven female rappers to ever have a number-one song on the US Billboard Hot 100, with 2003's "Stand Up" with Ludacris.
Chaloff became the first major bebop baritonist and opened the way for others to follow.
He then became the drummer for INFINIKA, which was formed in 2012, but disbanded in 2015.
He experimented with multitrack recording, distortion techniques, and overdubbing even on his earliest singles.
As an actress Tkautz had the role of Nikki Spencer on the popular Australian TV soap opera, E Street, from September 1990 to May 1993.
Jerome Stanley Augustyniak is the drummer for the American alternative rock band 10,000 Maniacs.
Her two younger siblings include Evan and Delaney LeBlanc.
He is also known for participating in the 1984 and 1988 Summer Paralympics.
He is the lead singer, rhythm guitarist, songwriter and co-founder of the American punk rock band Rise Against.
Morris Mac Davis, known as Mac Davis, is a country music singer, songwriter, and actor, originally from Lubbock, Texas, who has enjoyed much crossover success.
He rose to fame as a member of the Japanese pop group w-inds.
He was the former lead guitarist from Drugstore Fanatics.
Besides "War", Starr's songs "25 Miles" and "Stop the War Now" were also major successes in the 1960s.
Previously, he was the bassist for A Perfect Circle and a touring member of Nine Inch Nails, and is currently the vocalist for Goon Moon.
Mehmet Barış Manço, known by his stage name Barış Manço, was a Turkish rock musician, singer, songwriter, composer, actor, television producer and show host.
In 2015 Ouimet began modeling and has appeared in magazines, billboards, and major international print advertising campaigns.
Edwards joined the Temptations in 1968, replacing David Ruffin and sang with the group from 1968 to 1976, 1980 to 1984 and 1987 to 1989.
In 2000, Ramsey appeared on Austin City Limits, showcasing his new material and performing his classics.
Paul Vaughn Butterfield was an American blues harmonica player and singer.
Jeremy Soule is an American composer of soundtracks for film, television and video games.
By the age of 20 he had several poems published in anthologies in London and New York City.
His most well known songs include "Wild One" and "Volare", and he appeared in the movie Bye Bye Birdie in 1963.
Her first international album, Snow on the Sahara, was released in 33 countries and became the best-selling album by an Asian artist outside Asia.
He also managed the band Slade and Jimi Hendrix, about whom he was regularly interviewed until his death in 1996.
On February 27, 2007 their first album entitled Les Ékorchés was released.
Serge Chaloff's career was greatly limited by addiction to heroin.
Walter Horton, better known as Big Walter or Walter "Shakey" Horton was an American blues harmonica player.
He writes and performs material in both English and French.
She continued to perform, mostly in African countries, including at several celebrations of independence.
He was born in Ceylon and is of Burgher descent.
The song was among those featured in a 2015 interview with Petrusich on the NPR program, Fresh Air.
He was the lead voice on such famous songs as "My Girl" and "Ain't Too Proud to Beg".
His work was an inspiration to many in the anti-apartheid movement.
Conor Mullen Oberst is an American singer-songwriter best known for his work in Bright Eyes.
Her popularity peaked in the 1960s, when she was one of the best-known and most-recognised personalities in British show business.
James Cleveland, Ray Charles, Aretha Franklin, and Elvis Presley plus Motown artists The Supremes, the Four Tops, and Marvin Gaye.
She spent more than ten years based in the United States but had little chart success there.
He is also known for his work on musical theatre works for Broadway and elsewhere.
In an interview he said: "It’s about putting a lot of effort in and paying attention to detail.
Rainy Davis went on to record two albums for Columbia and received numerous awards for her contributions to hit songs over the years.
She was often referred to as "Queen of the Honky-Tonk Piano" by Lawrence Welk himself.
J.R. has just finished producing "Britroyal's" 2nd album "London" in 2016.
These have been released in several European and Asian countries.
Apart from his native tongue, Telugu, his works also include ones in other languages like Kannada, Sanskrit, Tamil, Malayalam, Hindi, Bengali, and Punjabi.
He served as a judge on the first season of The X Factor Israel.
Politically, he is associated with the left because of his long-standing ties to the Communist Party of Greece.
The 'Splinters' tour is Darren tour Western Australia and Victoria in August and November 2016, respectively.
Currently he is working on his first English spiritual album and promoting his world peace song “Only Love,” co-written with songwriter Chris Eaton.
Skerik is an American saxophonist from Seattle, Washington.
Martikainen has a very versatile and distinct voice.
Lydia Yevgenyevna Kavina is a Russian-British theremin player, and is currently the leading performing musician on the instrument.
His recordings included "Dance of the Octopus", "Bughouse", "Knockin' on Wood", "Congo Blues", and "Hole in the Wall".
His nickname was derived from his early career as a boxer.
Previous to this he was the lead vocalist and guitarist in the punk rock band Trashlight Vision, which broke up September 12, 2007.
He was the bass guitarist for the English rock and roll band The Rolling Stones from 1962 until 1993.
In April 2014, it was announced that Damage by Stereo, Tunes 'lost' second album was to be finally released.
Fiddlin' John Carson was an American old-time fiddler and an early-recorded country musician.
Sajda, Jagjit Singh's magnum opus double album with Lata Mangeshkar holds the same record in non-film category.
Ken Boothe OD is a Jamaican vocalist known for his distinctive vibrato and timbre.
The Peter Gunn theme won the first Grammy Award for Album of the Year.
It produced four top fives and a top twenty single, two of which reached the number-one spot in the UK.
Abraham Dumisani Maraire, known to friends as "Dumi", was a master performer of the mbira, a traditional instrument of the Shona ethnic group of Zimbabwe.
Martyn Bennett was a Canadian-Scottish musician who was influential in the evolution of modern Celtic fusion, a blending of traditional Celtic and modern music.
In 2006, Zhakata spoke out about the government and asked for the radio waves to be freed to allow Zimbabweans to operate radio stations.
Gudalur Narayanaswamy Balasubramaniam, popularly known as GNB, was a vocalist in the Carnatic tradition.
The first single "Schyłek lata" was a smash hit in Poland, and two other singles "Francuzeczka" and "Saint Etienne" were successful too.
She was making an attempt for a musical comeback when she died of a heart attack in February 1976 at the age of 32.
Melcher later produced several singles for the Beach Boys between the 1980s and the 1990s, including "Kokomo", which topped US record charts.
The track was a number one single on Billboard's Hot Dance Music/Club Play chart in 1992.
Pina Kollars is an Austrian-born female folk rock singer.
In the early 1990s, he collaborated with former Smiths guitarist Johnny Marr as Electronic.
Campbell has also worked with Thin Lizzy, Whitesnake, Dio, Sweet Savage, Trinity, Riverdogs, and Shadow King.
He was the principal flautist of this orchestra for 24 years and Professor of the Flute at the Royal Academy of Music from 1945 to 1985.
Gordon Stout is an American percussionist, composer, and educator specializing in the marimba.
As well, he has worked as a prolific session musician.
Roswell Hopkins Rudd, Jr. is an American jazz trombonist and composer.
Levi's name is indissolubly connected with the increased public appreciation of Wagner's music.
Adam Gregory is a Canadian country music singer-songwriter and actor.
Lala, known in Indonesia as Lala Karmela, is an Indonesian-Filipino singer and songwriter.
He also received a posthumous writing credit for the song "To Live Is to Die" from the band's fourth studio album, ...And Justice for All.
He is still referred to by his nickname "Skydog".
He is best known as the vocalist and lyricist of rap metal band Rage Against the Machine from 1991–2000 and 2007–2011.
After gaining their own record deal, they released three consecutive commercially successful songs which all peaked at number 2 in the dance charts.
Rasheeda Buckner-Frost, known professionally as Rasheeda, is an American rapper, fashion designer, television personality and businesswoman from Atlanta, Georgia.
Carlos Ponce is a Puerto Rican actor, singer, composer and television personality.
She recorded the 1964 song "Tainted Love", later a hit for the British synthpop duo, Soft Cell.
His music is largely inspired by gospel, soul, blues and rock music, and alternates between Italian ballads and more rhythmic R&B-boogie-like pieces.
Oliveri has also been a member of Kyuss, Dwarves and Vista Chino.
He is best known for his four Billboard Top 40 entries during the years 1976–1978.
Morricone worked extensively for other film genres with directors such as Mauro Bolognini, Giuliano Montaldo, Roland Joffé, Roman Polanski and Henri Verneuil.
Sir George Ivan Morrison, OBE, known as Van Morrison, is a Northern Irish singer-songwriter, instrumentalist and producer.
Day released his Be There EP in May 2009 followed by Sound The Alarm, released on September 8, 2009.
After reaching prominence in the late 1970s with The Soft Boys, Hitchcock launched a prolific solo career.
Her songs were always of heartbreaks, or rebellion, never straying far from the mold.
Following the death of his son Conor in 1991, Clapton's grief was expressed in the song "Tears in Heaven", which was featured on his Unplugged album.
In 2004 Nordin took a break from music and receded to boat carpenting.
Don Redman took over this band in 1931; Henderson continued to work as the band's pianist and arranger before leaving to work for his brother.
He worked as a chauffeur and played piano for silent films until his friend Rita Montaner took him on as an accompanist in the early 1930s.
Allen was voted the Most Popular Female Performer at the TV Week / Countdown Music Awards for 1979 and 1980.
In addition to playing bass in Pavement, Ibold did some back-up vocals, most notably on the track "Carrot Rope" from the album Terror Twilight.
George Murphy "Pops" Foster was a jazz musician best known for his vigorous slap bass playing of the string bass.
Krebs was born in Heichelheim and died in Buttstädt.
James Todd Smith, known professionally as LL Cool J, is an American rapper, actor, author, and entrepreneur from Queens, New York.
Chris Montez is an American guitarist and vocalist, whose stylistic approach has ranged from rock & roll to pop standards and Latin music.
Sue Foley is a Canadian blues singer and guitarist.
Vincent Millie Youmans was an American Broadway composer and producer.
Ignacio "Nacio" Herb Brown was an American writer of popular songs, movie scores, and Broadway theatre music in the 1920s through the early 1950s.
In 1974, Simply Saucer recorded a demo tape of music under the supervision of Robert Lanois which combined psychedelic, Krautrock and early punk influences.
Furthermore, Japanese film maker Masaaki Yuasa stated that he listened to Hans Dulfer's music while working on Mind Game.
This project completed just the two albums, Queen Elizabeth and Elizabeth Vagina, each containing extremely long spacey tracks of between 20–47 minutes in duration.
Perković was born in Čavoglave, SFR Yugoslavia.
In December 2016, Billboard magazine ranked her as the 58th most successful dance artist of all-time.
Abraham "Abe" Ellstein was an American composer for Yiddish entertainments.
His compositions include "Take the 'A' Train", "Chelsea Bridge", "A Flower Is a Lovesome Thing", and "Lush Life".
Their EP Lalalala was released in early 2006.
She is best known for her novelty hits "The Nitty Gritty", "The Name Game" and "The Clapping Song".
Mellencamp has been nominated for 13 Grammy Awards, winning one.
Andrews was born in Seattle, Washington, and attended film school in Los Angeles before his band Failure received a record deal from Slash Records.
Parveen is referred as one of the world's greatest mystic singers.
Gordon's sound was commonly characterized as being "large" and spacious and he had a tendency to play behind the beat.
In addition to composing music and writing lyrics for the majority of Depeche Mode's songs, Gore has also been the lead singer on some of them.
In a 1968 interview, Mathis cited Lena Horne, Nat King Cole, and Bing Crosby among his musical influences.
In the early 1990s, Emerson rejoined ELP, which reunited for two more albums and several tours before breaking up again in the late 1990s.
She also played Gloria on the long-running musical children's show Kids Incorporated.
11 on the Billboard 200 in the United States and spawned the Top 20 single "When the Heart Rules the Mind".
In 2014 Pitty announced that his main band is back, with shows already confirmed by the band's production.
He is one of India’s most celebrated younger musicians, praised especially for the vocalistic phrasing of his raga improvisations.
Soule had a band in the mid-1960s until he was drafted into the army.
She has had several successful albums, several Country Music Association award nominations, and hit songs such as 1973's "What's Your Mama's Name?"
He is the turntablist and keyboardist of the rock band Incubus.
She has released eight albums and three additional compilation albums, positioning herself as one of Israel's most successful musical acts ever.
Smith has an estimated net worth of $18 million.
It was followed by Punching Bag, whose lead-off single "Time Is Love" was the biggest country hit of 2012 according to Billboard Year-End.
He is an occasional actor and voice actor, having appeared in television shows, films, and other artists' music videos.
In March 2007, Frazin's "Theme and Reverberations for Two Tubas and Orchestra" was premiered at Faneuil Hall, in Boston MA.
1 on the adult contemporary chart in 2003.
The track Hyped-Up Plus Tax from the One/Three album was used as a jingle for the Motorola RAZR V3 commercial.
Squire is also an accomplished painter and announced in 2007 that he was giving up music for good to fully commit to painting.
Kasson Crooker is an American electronic musician, composer, and the artist behind Symbion Project, his solo moniker.
He is originally from Mitcham, South London.
He and Dennis Drew are the only remaining founding members of the group.
He was replaced in 1973 by Mik Kaminski.
Green was included in the Rolling Stone list of the 100 Greatest Artists of All Time, ranking at No.
In 2011 Andrés Wood directed a biopic about her, titled Violeta Went to Heaven.
Eamonn Campbell is an Irish musician who has been a member of The Dubliners since 1987.
Heinz Carl Heinrich Winckler was the winner of the first series of South African Idols and is also an actor.
After the group disbanded, Stipišić joined Divlje jagode, recording few demo tapes before disbanding.
Ryan Michael Dusick is an American musician and record producer.
This album was used partially as a fundraiser for SOS children's village.
Jeremiah Griffin Harrison is an American songwriter, musician and producer.
The accident was famously referred to as "The Day the Music Died" in Don McLean's 1971 song "American Pie".
Claudia Beni is a Croatian pop singer.
The band released Funeral for Yesterday in 2007 and signed to E1 Music in 2009.
Angelina Helen Catherine Cordovano, known professionally as Cathy Carr, was an American pop singer.
His career in music started in the 1960s.
His work has appeared in various media, including the Spike TV program The Ultimate Fighter.
Born in Hiroshima, Japan, she graduated from Kobe University with a degree in musical performance, and began working as a video game composer in 1998.
In the Eurovision Song Contest, he won the ninth place with his song "Ostani".
Tsitsanis wrote more than 500 songs and is still remembered as an extraordinary composer and bouzouki player.
Van Leer achieved success as a solo artist in the Netherlands.
He received 386 votes in Hamilton East, finishing well behind the winner, Dominic Agostino of the Liberal Party.
Jake Cinninger, born Jacob Alan Cinninger, December 16, 1975 in Niles, Michigan, is an American musician.
He was born in Widener, Arkansas, and moved with his family to Chicago in 1951.
He also wrote and produced for other artists, including Acklin, Jackie Wilson, and The Dells.
After he discovered Florence Ballard, Ballard set about recruiting other girls she knew, quickly asking Mary Wilson, who asked Diana Ross to join.
She was born in Saint-Denis, France, to Moroccan parents.
He started playing drums when he was twelve and was playing in a band with Sean Yseult called Life when he was sixteen.
On 20 April 2015 he issued his latest album Achter glas.
Biscuits has named his main influences as John Bonham, Rat Scabies of the Damned, Topper Headon of the Clash, Keith Moon and Stewart Copeland.
De Farfalla wanted the bass to have a more prominent role in the music of Opeth, something Åkerfeldt felt uncomfortable with.
Harold Adamson was an American lyricist during the 1930s and 1940s.
In 2007, she won an Academy Award for Best Original Song for "I Need to Wake Up" from the film An Inconvenient Truth.
Eugène Gigout was a French organist and a composer, mostly of music for his own instrument.
Orie Frank Trumbauer was one of the leading jazz saxophonists of the 1920s and 1930s.
LIED was premiered in September 2007, and has since been performed by the Czech Philharmonic in Prague.
Charissa Saverio is a British drum and bass, house music and progressive electronic music producer and DJ better known by her stage name DJ Rap.
She was one of the primary singers and songwriters for the Canadian alternative rock band Bourbon Tabernacle Choir in the 1980s and 1990s.
In 2003, Hammett was ranked 11th on Rolling Stone's list of The 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time.
Recently, Caymmi's granddaughter Alice also began a musical career.
Olga Souza is a Brazilian singer, and dancer.
It was followed by their acclaimed debut album Safe as Milk, released in 1967 on Buddah Records.
The song was parodied by Gary Muller in 1982 as "My Name Is Not Merv Griffin".
Stokley Williams is an American singer, musician, and percussionist, best known as the lead singer and studio drummer of the band Mint Condition.
Alex Arrowsmith is a rock/pop musician from Portland, Oregon.
He died at his mother's home in Davie, Florida in March 2005, at the age of 53.
His notable students include Milton Barnes and Brian Jackson.
Recently, she performed centerstage at the 2015 Southeast Asian Games Opening Ceremony in the 55,000 capacity National Stadium, Singapore 
She was probably the best known among female ragtime composers.
In the late 1950s, Sawtell struck up an alliance with fellow film composer Bert Shefter and they produced many film scores together.
Farnham was a teen pop idol from 1967 to 1979, billed then as Johnny Farnham, but has since forged a career as an adult contemporary singer.
She grew up in neighbouring Boimorto, took singing, piano and ballet classes, and moved to Madrid to pursue a career as a musician.
He started serving his sentence on 20 March 2006 in a labour prison in Helsinki.
Emilíana Torrini Davíðsdóttir, better known as Emilíana Torrini, is an Icelandic singer and songwriter.
He has also experienced success both as a solo artist and prolific session musician, being featured on a wide array of other artists' recordings.
Camilo lists some of his main influences as Chick Corea, Keith Jarrett, Oscar Peterson, Bill Evans, and Art Tatum.
In 1971, he joined the faculty at MIT and established the Experimental Music facility in 1973.
Her final recordings were met with mixed reaction to her damaged voice but were mild commercial successes.
Jalacy "Screamin' Jay" Hawkins was an American singer, songwriter, musician, and actor.
She also formed a band with the name "Lenna" who released the debut album Lenna in June 2010.
He remained with the group until 1978, then left to freelance.
Kozin famously replied that songs about Stalin were not suited for tenor voices.
Giuseppe Maria Gioacchino Cambini was an Italian composer and violinist.
Garland was famous for his falsetto singing combined with gentle guitar playing style.
Another notable collaboration was Sleeps with the Fishes with Clan of Xymox member Pieter Nooten.
It was released through Son Of Man, the label he co-owns with Newton.
Hernandez is currently the guitarist of the post-punk band The Intelligence, and is the former vocalist and guitarist of the punk band Scared of Chaka.
Montgomery began singing with his brother Eddie, who is one-half of the country duo Montgomery Gentry, before beginning his major-label solo career in 1992.
He has also worked with Carla Bley, Lee Konitz, Jeanne Lee, Paul Motian, and Roswell Rudd.
Gota then helped produce Simply Red's album titled Blue the following year in 1998 and subsequently assisted the following year's release Love and The Russian Winter.
She holds the record for most nominations without a win with six for the Latin Grammy Award for Best Folk Album.
In 1999, he and business partner Travis O'Guin founded the record label Strange Music.
After Rhudabega broke up, McGuire relocated to Los Angeles in 2001.
Arthur Harold Kane Jr. was a musician best known as the bass guitarist for the pioneering glam rock band the New York Dolls.
He started singing in the experimental group "Under Viewer" with Patrick Codenys.
He was also on the cutting edge of jazz education in creating the Stan Kenton Band Clinics starting in the late 1950s.
Best known as a composer of songs, he wrote in the French classical tradition of the mélodie.
Ryan Frank Cabrera is an American singer-songwriter and musician.
She is the granddaughter of Hank Williams, Sr., the daughter of Hank Williams, Jr. and half-sister of Hank Williams III.
Robin Gibb also had his own successful solo career.
She describes herself as a "painter derailed by circumstance".
On January 8, 2009, she died from a sudden heart attack.
She is a member of the girl group Atomic Kitten, with whom she has scored three number-one singles and also two number-one albums.
Cutugno may be best known for his worldwide hit song, "L'Italiano", which was on his hit CD, I Grandi Successi.
He was harshly criticised after releasing Stanze di vita quotidiana, and answered to his critics with the song "L'avvelenata".
His live performances at this time were increasingly wild and energetic.
Howard Alden is an American jazz guitarist born in Newport Beach, California.
John Felix Anthony Cena is an American professional wrestler, rapper, actor, and reality television show host.
Since the 1980s, he has composed music for over 150 films.
He was also involved in the Millennium-splintered group Bigshot, which was signed to Together records, the label set-up by Gary Usher and Boettcher in 1969.
Her other previous bands include Asmodina and Mistress.
Lunch's moniker was given to her by Willy DeVille, because she stole food for her friends.
Obscure during his lifetime, he is now highly regarded by many musicians and critics.
Haynes is best known for his work as longtime guitarist with The Allman Brothers Band and as founding member of the jam band Gov't Mule.
During the Civil War, Crouch took up arms as a bugler for the 1st Richmond Howitzers, Confederacy.
He contributed to the Argyle Park album Misguided, and wrote the main riff for the song "Doomsayer," which he later used on the Prong song "Controller."
His early work blends non-western instruments with 1960s folk revival, and has been cited as important in the development of psychedelic music.
Trumbauer and Beiderbecke also collaborated with jazz guitarist Eddie Lang.
Otis Blackwell was an African-American songwriter, singer, and pianist, whose work significantly influenced rock and roll.
He was born on 9 January 1957 in London, England.
Even though, Mr.Capone-E has described his music as "Sureño hip hop.
Judee Sill was an American singer and songwriter.
Michael DeWayne Tait is a contemporary Christian music artist.
The album featured tracks produced by E-Smoove, Danny Tenaglia, Cevin Fisher, Peter Rauhofer and Maurice Joshua among others.
Siow Lee Chin is a Singaporean violinist.
Chitalkar sang some renowned and unforgettable duets with Lata such as Kitna haseen hai mausam in film Azad or Shola Jo bhadke in Albela.
He owns Rodgers Studio and A-Beat C Productions alongside Alberto Contini.
He was called the "Maharaja of the keyboard" by Duke Ellington, but simply "O.P."
The book includes A Jimi Hendrix Discography, compiled by John McKellar.
Khia Shamone Finch, better known as just Khia, is an American rapper, songwriter, singer, and record producer.
She is also a painter and entrepreneur being a business woman from Pakistan.
María Isabel Pantoja Martín is a Spanish singer.
His most famous song is "Kathleen Mavourneen".
Vaughan was inspired musically by American and British blues rock.
Lewis has cited Stevie Wonder as his biggest inspiration, and Lewis has often been compared to him because of the similarities in their tones.
He has performed thousands of concerts around the world.
Trina first gained notoriety in 1998 with her appearance on Trick Daddy's second studio album www.thug.com on the single "Nann Nigga".
Despite most of his songs being written by Akio Inoue and composed/arranged by Daisuke Asakura, T.M.Revolution is considered Nishikawa's solo project.
Roberto "Robbie" Rivera is a prolific house music producer and DJ born in Puerto Rico.
Louis Knox "Lou" Barlow is an American alternative rock musician and songwriter.
Felix Delgado, better known by his stage name Cuban Link, is a Cuban American rapper and original member of Terror Squad.
Thelma Houston is an American singer and actress.
Along with Tank Girl creator Jamie Hewlett, Albarn formed the "virtual band" Gorillaz in 1998.
Beiderbecke and Trumbauer joined Goldkette in 1926.
Best known as a bass player, Pohjola was also a classically trained pianist and violinist.
His best-known work is Dafne, whose score he wrote in collaboration with Jacopo Peri.
Minnie and Leonard met at Curtis, where she studied viola.
Her career was cut short by a heart attack at the age of 32.
Underground Atlanta Volume 2 made its way by a different route to Eminem and led to Stat Quo's record deal with Shady Records and Aftermath Entertainment.
He performed in several other bands including The Valentines and Fraternity before replacing Dave Evans as the lead singer of AC/DC in 1974.
Manos Hatzidakis was a Greek composer and theorist of Greek music.
McGrath hosted the second season of the TV show Killer Karaoke, taking the place of Jackass star Steve-O.
Lynsey de Paul was an English singer-songwriter.
He has also been declared the Danny Elfman of France due to his scores having a chorus singing lightly.
Groves spent four years teaching high school in Rosemount, Minnesota before recording her first album, Past the Wishing, in 1998.
Five years later, in 1860, he was appointed as choir director by the pope Leo XIII.
Stone has earned numerous accolades, including two Brit Awards and one Grammy Award out of five nominations.
During his career, Vandross sold over 35 million records worldwide, and received eight Grammy Awards including Best Male R&B Vocal Performance four different times.
The backing band was originally unnamed, but Nelson later coined the name "Funkadelic" to reflect the style and connect it with the then-burgeoning psychedelic music scene.
He has also performed with artists such as Black Sabbath, Alice Cooper, Lita Ford, Badlands, and Gary Moore as well as his own band ESP.
As a member of Queen, May became regarded as a virtuoso musician, and he was identified with a distinctive sound created through his layered guitar work.
Fier played and recorded on the John Zorn-led album Locus Solus in 1983.
James Victor "Vic" Chesnutt was an American singer-songwriter from Athens, Georgia.
Heather Dale is a Canadian Celtic music recording artist and touring musician.
In the late 1960s, Howlett was the bassist in Sydney pop band The Affair, which included vocalist Kerrie Biddell.
Besides Nepali and Hindi, he has sung in 36 languages.
He was shot in the head in an assassination attempt in 2011.
Throughout the 1980s and 1990s, Lynch he produced many albums including Deep Breakfast, No Blue Thing, and Nothing Above My Shoulders but the Evening.
Şivan fled Turkey in 1976 due to political tones of his music and has lived in exile until his return to Diyarbakir on November 16, 2013.
Horner died at the age of 61 in the single-fatality crash of his Short Tucano turboprop aircraft.
Remote, a collaboration with Baryshnikov's White Oak Dance Project, toured nationally and made its NYC premiere at the Brooklyn Academy of Music in 1997.
He played drums on P!nk's Try This album.
Alicia Bridges is an American singer who co-wrote and performed her international hit "I Love the Nightlife" in 1978.
Melissa Crystal O'Neil is a Canadian singer and musical theatre actress who was the winner of the third season of Canadian Idol in 2005.
Bradley Kenneth "Brad" Roberts is the lead singer and guitarist for the Canadian folk-rock band Crash Test Dummies.
He also acts as a record producer for his own recordings and occasionally for other artists.
Richard Craig Harwood is a British cellist.
Manley Augustus Buchanan, better known as Big Youth, is a Jamaican deejay, mostly known for his work during the 1970s.
TV series credits include theme music for Sliders, Million Dollar Mysteries, Crisis Center, Profiler, and Boston Legal.
All of this though paled in comparison with his coiffure, a sort of demented tonsure with a great scooping fringe.
Jens Christian Bugge Wesseltoft is a Norwegian jazz musician, pianist, composer and producer, son of the jazz guitarist Erik Wesseltoft.
He and fellow member Paul McCartney formed a much-celebrated songwriting partnership.
Verdine is the only remaining founding member left in the band.
In 1995, he formed the progressive rock band Spock's Beard with his brother Alan and released an album which was moderately successful.
During the 1990s, he managed Reparata and the Delrons.
His stage name came from the names of the singer Madonna and the serial killer John Wayne Gacy.
Niemistö is currently living in Vallentuna, Sweden, where he works for a computer company.
Other film credits include Bullet and Detroit Rock City.
In 2003 she produced and published a new album called Extrapop.
Kaki King is an American guitarist and composer.
The duo followed the success of their debut album with Affirmation, which provided additional hits such as US No.
The label Def Jam Germany showed great interest in the upcoming rap artist and so she released her first EP, called "Im Kreis ", in 2001.
She was invited to study with David Soyer at the Curtis Institute of Music at the age of 16.
He started off his film career as a playback singer for films.
He also worked extensively with Sum 41 and Alkaline Trio.
Despite having no formal training, he has won numerous awards for his music, including winning the Assembly music competition in 1993, 1995 and 2002.
He also founded crossover band Stormtroopers of Death with Scott Ian and Charlie Benante, and Billy Milano.
Taylor was ranked at #86 in Hit Parader's Top 100 Metal Vocalists of All Time.
It has been illustrated as a children’s book and mass-produced in music boxes.
Hunter was signed to Gnomonsong, a record label run by Devendra Banhart and Vetiver's Andy Cabic.
Bruce Frederick Joseph Springsteen is an American singer-songwriter, known for his work with the E Street Band.
Turner has frequently been referred to as a "great innovator" of rock and roll by contemporaries such as Little Richard and Johnny Otis.
His most famous pieces are La tragédie de Salome and Psaume XLVII.
Guy Mitchell was an American pop singer and actor, successful in his homeland, the UK, and Australia.
In France, he is considered one of the most famous singers in French chanson and French rock.
Along with her friends and fellow recording artists Patsy Cline and Loretta Lynn, she is considered one of the genre's most influential and groundbreaking female artists.
She was billed as "The Uncrowned Queen of the Blues".
Carly Elisabeth Simon is an American singer-songwriter, musician and children's author.
He has been a member of the Saturday Night Live Band since 1984.
He's playing full, six-string-position barre chords at that speed-- that's just insane.
He has also written songs for Amy Grant and the famous guitarist Al Di Meola.
He died on November 13, 2004, of a drug overdose, two days before his 36th birthday.
The song Whoever Brings The Night on Dark Passion Play is written by Vuorinen alone.
Her 1945 hit "Strange Things Happening Every Day", recorded in late 1944, featured Tharpe's vocals and electric guitar, with Sammy Price, bass and drums.
Roger Dale Bowling was a Nashville songwriter who specialized in country music.
In 1985, Paige released "I Know Him So Well" with Barbara Dickson from the musical Chess, which remains the biggest-selling record by a female duo.
Jacopo Corsi was an Italian composer of the late Renaissance and early Baroque and one of Florence's leading patrons of the arts, after only the Medicis.
Some of his early influences included Louis Cottrell, Sr., Harry Zeno, Henry Martin, and Tubby Hall.
Wang married Huang Yulan in Lanzhou in 1945 and had three sons, Wang Haiyan, Wang Haixing and Wang Haicheng.
Limón y Sal achieved Platinum status in several countries, including the worldwide hit "Me Voy."
Sharkey first recorded in New Orleans with Norman Brownlee's band in 1925, and soon after had a band under his own name.
Carlson was born in Seattle, Washington, United States.
For the "Theme from Shaft", he was awarded the Academy Award for Best Original Song in 1972.
After spending long periods of time touring the US, Albarn's songwriting became increasingly influenced by British bands from the 1960s.
Tounkara plays a prominent role in the book In Griot Time by American musician and author Banning Eyre.
The cumbia is one of the better known rhythms and dances of Colombia.
Barnwell performed her final show with Sweet Honey in the Rock, May 11, 2013, at Pepperdine University in Malibu, California.
In 1940, he appeared in the films Rhythm on the River and Road to Singapore.
David James Abbruzzese is an American musician who was the drummer for the American rock band Pearl Jam from 1991 to 1994.
He was with the band from 1998 until their disbandment in 2010.
David died in 1993 in his Rancho Mirage, California home and his remains are buried at the Mount Sinai Memorial Park Cemetery in Los Angeles, California.
Seger was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2004 and the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 2012.
He was instructed in composition by his uncle, Lorenzo Baini, and afterwards by G. Jannaconi.
He is also the founder of the Chophouse Records studio and label based in California.
Webbie's second album, Savage Life 2, was released in early 2008 with the hit single "Independent" featuring Lil Boosie and Lil Phat.
John Gorkais a contemporary American folk musician.
Stephanie Cheng is a female cantopop singer in Hong Kong introduced by Go East Music.
Timbaland's first full credit production work was in 1996 on Ginuwine...the Bachelor for R&B singer Ginuwine.
His given name was Joseph Crawford, but he was adopted by the trombonist Joseph Petit, whose name he took.
Antonio Paoli was a Puerto Rican tenor.
Messiah Marcolin, also known as Eddie Marcolin, is a vocalist best known for his work in the doom metal band Candlemass.
He also helmed rock group The Storm, and currently performs with his Gregg Rolie Band.
was the subject of controversy and was banned by several radio stations, because of the political message disseminated through the song.
McGrath is also known for his work as a co-host of Extra, and he was the host of Don't Forget the Lyrics!
His second film as a director was Thattathin Marayathu which turned out to be a blockbuster at the box-office.
He returned to singing for the Stone Roses on 19 October 2011.
His brother, David Barnes, is an artist and has designed most of the band's artwork for albums after the release of The Gay Parade.
He lived near Richmond, Virginia, and was nominated for the Country Music Hall of Fame in 2010, although he was formally inducted posthumously.
He was nominated at the Broadcast Critic Awards for his work on the film Black Swan.
During his time in the Magic Band, he was also given a nickname by Don, Black Jew Kitabu.
Blinko also creates all the drawings used by the band for its artwork.
Collins was the lead singer for the 1980s post-punk band Orange Juice, which he co-founded.
He also works as a producer and remixer for other artists.
Kenneth William "Ken" Greer is a Canadian guitarist and keyboardist.
He was born in Lübeck to a musical family; his father, grandfather, and great-grandfather were all musicians.
Born in Siena, Italy, Safina has sought to combine his interests in opera and modern pop music.
He was made an Officer of the Order of Canada on December 20, 1968.
Members of the Weavers were blacklisted during the McCarthy Era.
Domeniconi's style is characterized by his adoption of multicultural influences.
He is described by Mike Scott as "the world's greatest rock fiddle player" and by New Musical Express as a "fiddling legend."
He was a member of the Original Dixieland Jazz Band, the first jazz band to record commercially.
He has been nominated several times at the ARIAs and has had several songs reach the top forty in Australia.
Virtually all of her singles have reached the Top 10 of the US Hot Dance Club Play chart.
He worked with many musicians from several cultures.
She earned her Ph.D. from Howard University and is an emeritus faculty member in the History Department at The American University.
In August 1998, McGettigan's only son, Shane McGettigan, was killed in a construction accident while working in Quincy, Massachusetts.
He was inducted into the Modern Drummer Hall of Fame in 2000.
Curnew left the band in 2006 and was replaced by Dean Dallas Bentley.
Roth is best known as the original and current lead singer of hard rock band Van Halen.
Her 1993 Spanish-language album Mi Tierra won the first of her three Grammy Awards for Best Tropical Latin Album.
Bega's musical signature consists of combining musical elements of the 1940s and 1950s with modern beats and grooves.
The film is based on Zheng's manga Tibetan Rock Dog.
Mduduzi Edmund Tshabalala, also known as Mandoza, was a South African kwaito musician.
He became a violinist at the court of Frederick II of Prussia in 1751.
In 2003, he formed "Voice of the Wetlands," an organization promoting awareness of coastal wetlands preservation.
He is regarded as one of the British Invasion's most distinct singers with his deep, searingly powerful blues-rock voice.
In a career that spans four decades, his music has traveled to all corners of the world.
He has lived in Scotland, Hertfordshire, London and California, and, since at least 2008, in County Cork, Ireland, with his family.
He also wrote the lyrics for West Side Story and Gypsy.
In 2003, Zombie released the compilation album Past, Present, & Future.
He designed two guitars for the Gibson Guitar Corporation, which are now collectors’ items.
He appears to be coaxing, pleading and at the same time adoring the invisible one to whom his song is attuned."
It was also the first Diamond album in Spain.
Kate Fenner is a Canadian musician, currently based in New York City.
He won a Merritt Award for Emerging Theatre Artist in 2007.
They released their debut album Dreamland Manor in August 2005.
Nelson Gonçalves had a very productive collaboration with lyricist Adelino Moreira and recorded numerous successful albums.
He was a founding member and vocalist and bassist of Duran Duran.
His career did not develop much further, and he had difficulty finding enough work late in his career.
He specialises in drum and bass and jungle music.
Her duet with Aaron Neville, "Don't Know Much", peaked at number 2 in December 1989.
In 2011 the Cheney family relocated to Los Angeles.
Voted the best guitarist in the band, Djelimady was selected to join the Orchestre National as rhythm guitarist, a great honor for the young player.
He is best known as the lead vocalist and contributing guitarist of Deftones.
Matthew William "Matt" Sorum is an American drummer and percussionist.
He has also recorded albums as a solo artist, and performed as an actor in musical theatre productions in both the West End and on Broadway.
Richard Elliot is a Scottish-born American saxophonist.
Blaze is also the CEO of Fort Knocks Entertainment.
His first project at Rare was writing music for the Game Boy game, Donkey Kong Land.
He has also released nine studio albums, with his 1983 album Why Lady Why having earned a gold certification from the RIAA.
She has continued writing for other artists since then.
After his early death in 1998, his recorded oeuvre has shown enduring popularity.
He grew up in Moxee, WA a few miles outside of Yakima.
Between 1966 and 1973, Croce released five studio albums and singles.
She started her career doing commercials for Nintendo Puzzle Collection, and she has also appeared in a few TV dramas.
He built organs in Steyr, Horn, Enns, and Wilhering.
He is believed to have been the avatar of Nandaka, the sword of Vishnu.
The White House later made it clear that the call was indeed pre-recorded and was supposed to have been played on Monday, September 10.
1 hit for eight weeks in 1948 for Nat "King" Cole.
On July, 2005, he performed at the LIVE 8: Africa Calling concert in Cornwall.
In June 2006 she issued her debut single, "Ti amo", which peaked in the top 50 on the ARIA Singles Chart.
She was born in Fort Riley, Kansas to a military family.
He also has a 50% stake in Magna Carta Records, a New York-based label.
As of 2015 she had released 9 full-length albums and numerous singles and EPs.
After Hansen played "Transfusion" by Nervous Norvus on the radio, DJ "The Obscene" Steven Clean said that Hansen had to be "demented" to play that.
She is the sister of Bryan MacLean, who was best known as a guitarist and vocalist in the band Love.
It tells a humorous story about his life on the road with the band.
He has additionally produced a children's book written in English and Romanian entitled Pérong.
He was born in Jacksonville, Florida in 1951 and graduated from Terry Parker High School in 1969.
Darling, which she recorded with Rekha Bhardwaj for the film 7 Khoon Maaf, won the Filmfare Award for Best Female Playback Singer in 2012.
Aleksandar Vuksanović, known by his stage name Aca Lukas, is a Serbian folk singer.
She has premiered new triple concertos by American composers Kevin Kaska and Jay Greenberg.Trios by Pulitzer Prize–winning composer Kevin Puts and Zhou Tian.
In the best known of his catches he ridiculed Sir John Hawkins' History of Music.
She was awarded the honorary distinction of Officier of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres in 2013.
He wrote hundreds of songs, many becoming major hits, which made him a legend before he turned thirty.
He received much publicity for his drug abuse and legal troubles.
Bruce Douglas Cockburn OC is a Canadian singer-songwriter and guitarist.
In 2010, Finn commenced another world tour with Crowded House in support of their 2010 release, Intriguer.
His main teachers were Ahmad Ebadi, Esmaeil Mehrtash, Abdollah Davami, and Nour-Ali Boroumand.
Vince Clarke is an English synthpop musician and songwriter.
The rock musical debuted at the Hayworth Theatre in Los Angeles in 2008.
Ayub Bachchu..আইয়ুব বাচ্চু : is a famous Bangladeshi rock musician and one of the leading guitarists in the country.
Eric Goulden, known as Wreckless Eric, is an English rock/new wave singer-songwriter, best known for his 1977 single "Whole Wide World" on Stiff Records.
According to one critic, "her deep, strident, almost masculine voice, staggered delivery and the occasional sob created a compelling musical presence."
She is best known for representing Romania at the 2003 Eurovision Song Contest.
John Paul Densmore is an American musician, songwriter, author and actor.
In 1967, he was honoured with the Padma Shri award by the Government of India.
Paul Hardcastle is a British composer, musician, producer, songwriter, radio presenter, and multi-instrumentalist.
He has appeared in Thou Shalt Suffer, played in Peccatum with his wife Ihriel, and now devotes himself to his solo albums.
Fadhili William was born to Halima Wughanga and Ramadhan Mwamburi in Taita-Taveta District near Mombasa.
Lou Silver Harrison was an American composer.
Ayşe Ajda Pekkan, also known as Superstar, is a Turkish pop singer and actress.
Their 1977 album Blank Generation influenced many other punk bands.
Margaret LeAnn Rimes Cibrian, known professionally as LeAnn Rimes, is an American singer.
Renaud Pierre Manuel Séchan, known as Renaud, is a popular French singer, songwriter and actor.
Daler Singh, known by his stage name, "Daler Mehndi" is an Indian recording artist, musician, songwriter, author, record producer, performer and environmentalist.
On April 14, 2014, Khripounova released the Hero EP which reached #38 on Billboard's Heatseaker's Charts.
He was named one of Guitar World's Top 25 Cult Guitarists in 2009, and one of the top modern Metal Guitar players by metalsucks.com.
Yahir is also a television actor for TV Azteca, having appeared in two telenovelas.
Ely Guerra is a Mexican singer-songwriter who was raised in Monterrey, Nuevo León, Mexico.
In 2011, he was posthumously inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of the Alice Cooper band.
He is best known for writing and performing the 1969 song "Spirit in the Sky".
He is also well known for his releases in the famed Renaissance Masters Series and a number of releases for Global Underground.
Sambora and lead singer Jon Bon Jovi formed the main songwriting unit for the band.
Tony died in a car accident on February 8, 1987.
Jóhann is currently composing the score for Blade Runner 2049, directed by Denis Villeneuve, and Mother!, directed by Darren Aronofsky.
Steve Mackay was an American tenor saxophonist best known for his membership in the Stooges.
The project was executive produced by Tekitha, The RZA and Jeff Jones under her new label Wisdom Body Entertainment distributed by Sony\The Orchard.
Lars Are Nedland, known also as Lazare, from Kristiansand, Norway, is the vocalist, drummer, and keyboardist for acclaimed avant-garde black metal band Solefald.
Jasta created the music for "Stat of the Day" for the nationally syndicated radio and TV talk show, The Dan Patrick Show.
They released their debut single "Something Special" in 1983 on Neat Records without much commercial success.
Erik Rutan is an American heavy metal musician and producer from New Jersey.
70 out of 100 Greatest Heavy Metal Guitarists of all time by Guitar World.
Veenai Dhanammal was a highly accomplished Carnatic musician, and the torchbearer of the school of Carnatic music that goes by her name.
Billboard country charts with "Baby, Walk On" and "The Things You Left Undone," both at No.
He continues to play occasionally with members of ToS as well as solo gigs.
and "He Could Be the One" from 1982.
After producing and composing Koudelka in 1999, he left to become a freelance composer.
5", his 1999 remake of the Pérez Prado instrumental from 1949.
Hall entered the Guinness Book of World Records in 2003 as the world's most enduring recording artist having released material over eight consecutive decades.
He studied music in his teens and was eventually tutored by Furman Fordham, whose former students include Lena Horne.
Steven Antony Norman is an English musician who plays alto saxophone, guitar, percussion and other instruments, for the English band Spandau Ballet.
In 2010, Williams' released her debut solo single "Spellbound", independently.
Raven was later signed as a solo artist by Atlantic Records with the release of her solo debut album, Here I Am in 2005.
In 2015, Sebastian died at the age of 64 of bone cancer.
William Ernest Drummond is a South African-born Scottish artist, musician, writer, and record producer.
Nicolae Covaci is a Romanian guitarist, painter and music composer.
Wellman Braud was an American jazz upright bassist.
In 2008, she married contemporary Christian recording artist Shane Barnard of Shane & Shane and has started to release music under the name Bethany Barnard.
2", "Roberto Torres Y Su Charanga Vallenata, Vol.
Wilson is a self-taught producer, audio engineer, guitar and keyboard player, playing other instruments as needed, including bass guitar, autoharp, hammered dulcimer and flute.
Cathy Basrak is one of the most prominent young violists today.
Shy FX is the pseudonym of Andre Williams, an English DJ and producer from London.
He performed at Live 8 at the Palace of Versailles on 2 July 2005.
She was also the only female singer ever to have three separate albums chart in the same year in Australia.
Boris Dlugosch started his career as a DJ in the German night club Front.
Mark Volman is an American rock and roll guitarist, vocalist, and songwriter, best known as a founding member of the Turtles.
Edward Joseph Blackwell was an American jazz drummer born in New Orleans, Louisiana, known for his extensive, influential work with Ornette Coleman.
He occasionally performed the lead vocals, such as on the songs "News of the World", "David Watts" and "Smithers-Jones".
He is primarily a drummer and percussionist, but also plays trumpet, as well as the guitanjo and piano.
Famous artists who recorded some of DeLange's songs include Frank Sinatra, Ella Fitzgerald, Louis Armstrong, Nat King Cole, Duke Ellington, and Benny Goodman.
After 29 years with Altan, Mairéad released in October 2016 her alternate band Na Mooneys' debut album Na Mooneys.
Mary Chapin Carpenter is an American singer, songwriter and musician.
Dowd worked on a veritable "who's who" of recordings that encompassed blues, jazz, pop, rock and soul records.
Cornelis Vreeswijk is often considered as one of the most influential and successful troubadours in Sweden.
He is most recognized as the lead vocalist, songwriter, and only constant member of the noted Los Angeles band Bad Religion, which he co-founded in 1979.
He was the lead singer with the Limeliters from 1959 to 1963.
In 1999, she became one of the founding members of the Stuckist art movement.
He joined the folk-pop group The Humblebums in 1969.
Kittie has been categorized under multiple genres of rock music, especially heavy metal genres, including death metal, nu metal and alternative metal.
Eddie DeLange was an American bandleader and lyricist.
John Scofield, often referred to as "Sco", is an American jazz-rock guitarist and composer whose playing spans bebop, jazz fusion, funk, blues, soul, and rock.
", which topped the UK Singles Chart in 1969.
She is most notable for her 1987 cover of "I Think We're Alone Now", a 1967 original recording by Tommy James and the Shondells.
He has hosted The Rock Show on VH1 and has appeared on VH1's I Love the... series, Heavy: The Story of Metal and Supergroup.
In the later part of his life, Rich acquired the nickname the Silver Fox.
Bjarne Bent Rønne Pedersen, known as Bjarne Liller, was a Danish jazz musician and singer-songwriter.
He was a founding mainstay member of 1960s rock group the Easybeats.
and "House Rent Boogie/One Bourbon, One Scotch, One Beer", which became staples of classic rock radio.
Ricci was named "Best Harmonica Player" at the 2010 Blues Music Awards, and also performed on Grammy winning 2014 Johnny Winter album Step Back.
His music mixes modern pop with Spanish music.
On Taylor's 1998 release, John Wayne he credits more influences; Flannery O'Connor, Dennis Prager and Frederick Buechner.
He attended St. Mary's Menston with Nick Baines and Simon Rix.
Subversa's son Pete Fender announced on Facebook on 19 February 2016 that she had died, following a short illness.
In 1977, Lerner participated in Gustavo Santaolalla's band Soluna.
Julito Rodriguez and his Trio stayed together for more than 16 years.
She wrote the song "In the Disco" which represented Bosnia and Herzegovina at the Eurovision Song Contest 2004.
He was co-founder of Moby Grape, and played guitar with them until 1969.
Stephen John "Steve" Cradock is an English guitarist, most notable for playing in the rock group Ocean Colour Scene.
Randolph was a major part of the "Nashville sound" for most of his professional career.
During the 1980s, he attempted to launch a solo career, releasing the albums Carl Wilson and Young Blood.
When he played, everything rattled but Big Joe himself.
Born in Hampstead, London, Faithfull began her career in 1964 after attending the Rolling Stones party where she was discovered by Andrew Loog Oldham.
His debut album, Dettwork SouthEast was sent out to the media for self-promotion but never released.
Jörgen started playing trombone aged 8 and from age 16 he learned at the Rotterdam Conservatory under educational director George Wiegel.
He was also one of the first UK acts to record original songs regularly.
Born August 18, 1976 in Wetzlar, Germany, Mootz served an apprenticeship in classical music and was a member of the boy's choir of Windsbach.
His other hits include "Fraulein" and "My Special Angel".
His other primary instruments are piano, electronic keyboards, saxophone, and accordion.
Based in Los Angeles, Mancell is affiliated with Soundtrack Music Associates.
Joshua Winkelman, better known by his stage name Josh Wink, is an American electronic music DJ, label owner, producer, remixer, and artist.
In 2010, VH1 considered him to be on their "100 Greatest Artists Of All Time" list.
After the breakup of Demolition 23 Suicide recorded an album under his given name, titled "Vinegar Blood" in 1995 and was released in Finland only.
After Krezip disbanded in 2009, Govaert started a solo music career.
His primary guitar is a custom made BC Rich Mockingbird that is tan with Seymour Duncan pickups and a Floyd Rose tremolo.
His work includes stints as a producer for Madonna, the Ramones, Jonathan Richman, Debbie Harry and Brian Wilson.
Pat Mastelotto is an American rock drummer and record producer who has worked most notably with Mr. Mister and King Crimson, among many others.
He was the first gospel musician to earn a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
Benjamin Lee "Ben" Kenney, Sr. is a musician from Brielle, New Jersey, United States.
Zaa is the son of singer Luis Humberto Sánchez.
Fay's 2012 album, Life Is People, was his first album of all-new material since 1971.
In 1990, he and Simon were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
On March 10, 2014, it was announced that Vinny Appice had left Kill Devil Hill, and that Kelly was his replacement.
She was known for her four–octave vocal range.
He won a W. C. Handy Award in 2003 for best acoustic blues album.
LaBelle is commonly identified as the "Godmother of Soul".
Al Martino was an American singer and actor.
She hosted the Dutch television series Candy meets..., in which she interviews fellow musicians.
He was born on November 12, 1971 in State College, Pennsylvania, where he lived until he was about age six.
He became a friend of pop musicians including Joan Baez, Brian Jones and The Beatles.
Terence "Terry" Nelhams-Wright, known as Adam Faith, was a British teen idol, singer, actor and financial journalist.
After CCR parted ways in 1972 Fogerty had a successful solo career.
In 2014, Jessee joined Sharon Van Etten's touring band.
The new release, entitled Thirty, was the first of two albums release that year, and were distributed by Universal Music.
Dave Cousins is an English singer and songwriter, who has been the leader, singer and most active songwriter of Strawbs since 1967.
Stayve Jerome Thomas, better known as Slim Thug, is an American rapper.
Sweatman was one of the first African-American musicians to have fans nationwide.
Jones, an original member of hip hop collective The Diplomats, is also the co-CEO of Diplomat Records, alongside longtime friend and fellow Harlem-bred rapper, Cam'ron.
Giriraja Kavi played a major role in influencing the formative years of his celebrated grandson Tyagaraja.
Frank Vaganée is a Belgian jazz saxophonist and composer.
He started his activism in mid-1990s and has been involved in two BBC documentaries concerning the issues in Pakistan such as society, education, religion and science.
Andy is also featured as drummer across the whole record.
Jett Pangan is a Filipino singer and guitarist best known for fronting the Filipino rock bands The Dawn, and the now defunct Jett Pangan Group.
On 29 July 2011, Ocean became a Companion of the Liverpool Institute for Performing Arts, presented to him by Paul McCartney.
He is a multi-instrumentalist who plays eight instruments including piano, guitar, bass guitar, percussion, trombone, tuba, flugelhorn and trumpet.
He later also found success as a solo artist.
In 2011, after singing "Breezin' Along with the Breeze" with her sister, Toni Lamond, for Toni's birthday, she decided to return to live performing.
He is also known by his signature name of Guruguha which is also his mudra.
She faced several social issues and current affairs, such as the empowerment of women, homophobia, anorexia and violence against women.
Stephen Ray Vaughan was an American musician, singer, songwriter, and record producer.
He wrote "Something in the Air" for the band, which reached No.
Collins attended New York University, majoring in film and drama.
Other artistic members of her family include her mother Sandra Voe, an actress who has appeared in Coronation Street, and two musician brothers.
King, Albert King, John Mayall, Jack Bruce, Albert Collins, George Harrison, and Greg Lake, as well as having a successful solo career.
Bree Sharp is an American singer and songwriter influenced by rock, pop, and folk.
John Michael "Ozzy" Osbourne is an English singer, songwriter, and actor.
Singing in the choir, I learned harmony."
From 1968 to 1976, she hosted her own TV show produced by BBC, Presenting Nana Mouskouri.
Edgar Breau is a musician in Ontario, Canada.
Since 2011, he has been a guitarist and songwriter for the Brooklyn-based lo-fi indie rock band LVL UP.
He is often described as a 'one-man jam-band' due to his frequent use of live phrase looping with multiple instruments.
He was sometimes credited as Jay Jay Johnson.
Issued at the start of the Great Depression, the records did not sell and did not lead to national recognition.
Miyagi moved to Tokyo in 1917, and in 1919 he did his first recital of his own compositions.
She is also a novelist, writer, actress, playwright, and poet.
Saraceno's high profile as a gifted guitar virtuoso and musician opened the doors to an early career as a first-call guitar sideman and session musician.
His music was heavily influenced by the Punjabi village life he was surrounded by growing up.
He toured worldwide several times, with over 250 shows in 30 countries as of 2015.
It was made of pots and pans, of which his father made a whole kit from.
He was the author of "En mi Viejo San Juan", a song "widely known around the world".
The programme was cancelled in 2011 due to poor viewing figures.
Jeffrey Haynes, better known by his stage name Mr. Lif, is an American hip hop artist from Boston, Massachusetts.
He had two daughters by his first wife, who died young, and a son by his second wife.
McBride signed to RCA Records in 1991, and made her debut the following year as a neo-traditionalist country singer with the single, "The Time Has Come".
That year he toured with Josh Rouse and Nada Surf in Europe and Scandinavia.
Sebastian has released eight top ten albums, including two number ones.
Tarik Azzougarh, better known as Cilvaringz, is a rapper, talent manager and hip hop producer associated with the Wu-Tang Clan.
Jörgen Sandström of Stockholm, Sweden, provided vocals, bass and guitar for Grave on their first three albums and played with Entombed 1995-2004.
Cécile Louise Stéphanie Chaminade was a French composer and pianist.
The first single was "Positive", in 1998, sampled from the "Physical", song of Olivia Newton-John, and the second single with Spiller was "Batucada".
McPhatter left a legacy of over 22 years of recording history.
He concluded his tenure with the Lahti Symphony Orchestra in 2008 and is now the orchestra's Conductor Laureate.
Starr was twice afflicted by life-threatening illnesses during childhood, and he fell behind in school as a result of prolonged hospitalisations.
Fridmann often brings a distinctive, expansive, open sound to the albums he produces, which has much in common with that used by Mercury Rev.
More recent music projects include No Music Day, and the international tour of a choir called The17.
Richard Barbieri is an English synthesizer player, keyboardist and composer.
Currently a member of Motor City Freaks.
Django currently performs regularly leading the King Django Band and Bad Luck Dice and as a sideman with Predator Dub Assassins.
Born and raised in Johannesburg, South Africa, Rabin was born into a family of musicians.
Luke Ebbin is a former American multi-platinum, five time Grammy-nominated record producer, composer and songwriter.
She has sung on jingles for Toyota, JetBlue, Milky Way, and is the voice of several Fisher Price toys.
He first visited India while searching for a classical Indian music teacher.
Cerrone is considered as one of the most influential disco producers of the 70s and 80s in Europe.
Barry McGuire's 1965 "Eve of Destruction", Johnny Rivers' 1966 "Secret Agent Man" and Herman's Hermits' 1966 "A Must to Avoid".
Zinc first became known for 1995's "Super Sharp Shooter", a hip hop/jungle fusion.
Mildred Bailey was a popular and influential American jazz singer during the 1930s, known as "The Queen of Swing", "The Rockin' Chair Lady" and "Mrs.
He is an exponent of the bebop style.
He has also continued to write music for theatre, including for a Colorado Children's Theatre production of The Snow Queen.
Maggie Reilly is a Scottish singer of Irish descent best known for her collaborations with the composer and instrumentalist Mike Oldfield.
All of the Love is Born concerts take place in Japan, ending in her hometown of Osaka.
As a soloist, Williams made several hit recordings, including 1978's "Cause I Love You" and 1977's "Choosing You".
A multi-award-winning artist, with eleven Grammy Awards and seven Dove Awards to her credit, she is known as the "First Lady of Gospel Music".
Starting in July 1992, Osmond played Joseph in the Elgin Theatre's Toronto production of Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat.
Her soundtrack performances have led to further popularity, including the O Brother, Where Art Thou?
Traa is also the President of a production company known as Ryot Entertainment.
Daniel Grafton "Dan" Hill IV is a Canadian pop singer and songwriter.
Throughout his career, he has performed both as a leader and a sideman in the bands of Walt Dickerson and Cecil Taylor, among others.
The song is considered one of the band's most important songs and was featured in the film School Of Rock.
He has also made brief appearances in TV and film, often collaborating with Bam Margera of Jackass.
Warren Anderson Mathis, better known as Bubba Sparxxx, is an American rapper.
He is most well known as the vocalist for the ska punk band Operation Ivy.
To date, Cherry has released 4 studio albums.
His compositional style includes both traditional and progressive elements.
After marrying her musical collaborator Masataka Matsutoya in 1976, Arai began recording under her married name and has continued to do so.
A full album, produced by Al Perkins, followed.
Brightman began her career as a member of the dance troupe Hot Gossip and released several disco singles as a solo performer.
He also produced the compilation albums The Big Apple Rotten To The Core Vol.
It was one of the first ever stadium tours, and the largest tour the band has done to date.
He is one of the founders of the hard rock band Slaughter, and he has also worked as a voice actor and composer.
Her signature song, the platinum-certified 1982 single "Gloria," stayed on the U.S.
Originally a guitarist and trumpeter, Spruance later began playing vintage electronic organs, saz, santur, electric sitar, tar, pipa, and various other string and percussion instruments.
Her 1968 hit, Piosenka o sąsiedzie, is based on 1967's Nash Sosed by Edita Piekha.
He made his first live performance with the band that night at La Cigale in Paris, France.
He played the accordion and won a Grammy Award in 1983.
Richard "Rabbit" Brown was an American blues guitarist and composer.
After starting his career playing keyboard for Imogen Heap, he has produced or contributed to albums by Brian Eno, Coldplay, David Holmes, and others.
He has also played for bands and artists such as Annihilator, Extreme, James LaBrie, and Steve Vai.
Her biggest chart hit was "High on Your Love," which climbed to #70 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1980.
He also was an ardent critic of religion.
Kirk Lee Hammett is an American musician who has been lead guitarist and a contributing songwriter for the heavy metal band Metallica since 1983.
Wheeler wrote over one hundred compositions and was a skilled arranger for small groups and large ensembles.
Sylvain Mizrahi, known as Sylvain Sylvain, is an American rock guitarist, most notable for being a member of the New York Dolls.
Mandy Kane is an Australian singer, songwriter, producer and remixer.
Naganuma is most well known for his original compositions used in the Dreamcast game Jet Set Radio.
11 in the UK and topped the charts in several Eastern European countries, including Romania where it was one of the best-selling singles of the year.
Levi Seacer, Jr. is an American musician.
His life was poorly documented, but over time music historians such as Samuel Charters have uncovered more about Johnson and his five recording sessions.
The musician-critic Benny Green sarcastically called Beiderbecke "jazz's Number One Saint," while Ralph Berton compared him to Jesus.
Ian Kevin Curtis was an English singer-songwriter and musician.
Geldof is widely recognised for his activism, especially anti-poverty efforts concerning Africa.
Moginie has two children – Samuel Moginie and Alice Moginie.
The high energy performances have included Eggleston crowd surfing repeatedly and climbing stage scaffolding.
Richard Rudolph is an American songwriter, musician, music publisher and producer.
Dejan Cukić is a Serbian rock musician, journalist, writer and translator.
Gibson is the sole songwriter on all of her singles to reach the Top 20 of the Hot 100 charts.
He has also provided guest vocals for the Soulfly album Omen.
Georgette Harvey was an American singer and actress.
Originally named W.E.L.T., ohGr has released four studio albums since 2001, three of which have placed on Billboard's Dance/Electronic Albums chart.
In addition to these cuts, he has 12 other top ten singles and ten other top 40 hits on the same chart.
In 2005, a Planet Rock poll saw May voted the 7th greatest guitarist of all time.
3 single "Fire and Rain" and had his first No.
With Andrew Oldham he wrote "Headlines", the B-side of "Ride On Baby", by Chris Farlowe, which was released in 1966.
Olli moved to the rainforest in Byron Bay in Australia and set up the Rainforest Space Base studio.
Kantner eventually became the leader of the group and led it through its highly successful late 1960s period.
On August 11, 2011, as a member of The Go-Go's, she received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
Elvis Presley was the opening act for a 1955 Pat Boone show in Cleveland, Ohio.
He invented a shape note system in 1851 for the Harmonia Sacra.
William Orville Frizzell, known as Lefty Frizzell, was an American country music singer-songwriter and honky-tonk singer.
When The Yummy Fur broke up, Thomson had various odd jobs DJ-ing and working as a nude model at the Glasgow School of Art.
Lewis teamed up with Richard Marx in the 1997 adult contemporary hit "At the Beginning."
At the end of 2012, Blades decided to leave L.A.
In 1976 he joined American Tears, one of the first keyboard-oriented Heavy Ivory bands.
In 1955, he moved to New York City, where he worked with bandleader and theorist George Russell.
In 2012, Villalona recorded "El Color de tu Mirada" with American singer/songwriter Victoria Daly.
The first being the ambient album, Long Ambients 1: Calm.
Hotep Idris Galeta was a South African jazz pianist and educator.
Joey Sellers is an American composer, arranger, and trombonist.
Born in Welwyn Garden City, Hertfordshire, he first began DJing in 1991, originally mixing deep house and later drum and bass.
Collie has also written songs for Aaron Tippin, Garth Brooks, Tim McGraw, and JT Hodges.
Ralph McTell is an English singer-songwriter and acoustic guitar player who has been an influential figure on the UK folk music scene since the 1960s.
James Pugliese is an American percussionist, drummer, composer and international recording artist on over ninety CDs of experimental, jazz and rock music.
He continues to play with Apollo 440, Magazine and Levyathan.
He was one of the most influential artists of his generation.
Urban Clifford "Urbie" Green is an American jazz trombonist who toured with Woody Herman, Gene Krupa, Jan Savitt, and Frankie Carle.
Ahmad Zahir was a singer, songwriter, and composer from Afghanistan.
He was awarded the Padma Bhushan by the government of India in 2003.
He is also one half of the temporary group, Shūji to Akira, whose only single "Seishun Amigo" became the best-selling single of 2005 in Japan.
Bechet's erratic temperament hampered his career, however, and not until the late 1940s did he earn wide acclaim.
In May 2008, Green released a drum breaks 7" collaboration with Plastiq Phantom under the alias World Gang on the Imputor?
Signed to Columbia Records in 2004, she released her debut album Ride in early 2005.
He is best known as the frontman of the influential alternative rock band Pixies, with whom he performs under the stage name Black Francis.
Kenneth Raymond "Ken" Forssi was an American musician, best known for being the original bass player in the band Love.
His second and third albums, 2003's The Dreamer and 2004's Blake Shelton's Barn & Grill, are gold and platinum, respectively.
He has had continued success as a recording artist, releasing eleven studio albums to date, including Foxy Lady, Champion, Glamazon, Born Naked and American.
In April 2015, Vänskä and Erin Keefe, the Minnesota Orchestra concertmaster, married.
Sarah Bettens is the lead singer of the Belgian band K's Choice.
This group recorded in 1986 and continued performing regularly until JC's passing.
Last's trademark sound employed big band arrangements of well-known tunes with a jaunty dance beat, often heavy on bass and brass.
The recordings were an international effort with many notable names attached, including that of recording engineer Rudy Van Gelder.
David "Dave" Lombardo is a three-time nominated, two time Grammy Award-winning Cuban American drummer, best known as a co-founding member of American thrash metal band Slayer.
Homer Louis "Boots" Randolph III was an American musician best known for his 1963 saxophone hit "Yakety Sax".
Sisqo's successful debut solo album, Unleash the Dragon, included the hit singles "Thong Song" and "Incomplete."
Louis Bertignac is a French guitarist, vocalist and songwriter.
Billy Ocean is a Trinidadian-born British recording artist who had a string of R&B international pop hits in the 1970s and 1980s.
The Infidels consists of Derek Murphy, Mark Dannells, Martin Lesch, and Shannon Woods.
Since then, Smith has been performing regularly, both as a solo act and in a duet with Hills.
Helen Maxine Lamond Reddy is an Australian singer, actress and activist.
During his career, Bardens worked alongside Rod Stewart, Mick Fleetwood and Van Morrison, and recorded solo albums.
Giriraja Kavi was among those who nurtured the cultural environment that produced these greats.
However, he is best known for his collaboration in Stardust with Thomas Bangalter and Alan Braxe.
Originally from Langford, British Columbia, near Victoria, he is now based in Vancouver.
The group disbanded after just this one album.
In 1969 she founded Halcyon Records, a recording company that produced albums for ten years.
In 1975, he and Liam Clancy were both booked to play a folk festival in Cleveland, Ohio, and were persuaded to do a set together.
He has also experienced success as a prolific session musician, featured on a wide array of other artists' recordings.
In 2000, he also starred, directed, wrote and performed the music for Aitanic, a Titanic parody and starring fellow Italian actors Sabina Began and Giacomo Rizzo.
In addition to the dulcimer, Dalglish also plays the spoons and bones.
He also writes often over productions by Polow da Don and has won three Grammys and one Oscar.
After Bishop left and guitarist Darren Middleton joined, the band released five studio albums in fifteen years and achieved mainstream success in Australia.
Together they participated in movies and traveled all over the world representing the beautiful island of Puerto Rico and entertaining thousands with beautiful music.
Due to some disagreements over partnership laws and band management, Leonard Dembo quickly broke ranks with his colleagues in the Outsiders/Five Notes outfit.
His most recent album, She Won't Be Lonely Long, was released in mid-2010.
He also performs as a children's artist under the pseudonym Caspar Babypants.
Dukowski was also the co-owner of SST Records until 1990, after which he served as "Head of Sales" until leaving the label in the late 1990s.
Lewis was practically drowned in Domino's backwash."
The album was well received but failed commercially; after a sloppy cross-country tour, they hastily recorded Burrito Deluxe.
Donald Ralph "Skip" Ewing is an American country music singer and songwriter.
P. Miles Bryson was born in August 1964, and is a collage and sound artist residing in Arizona.
He is most known for his work with the Wrecking Crew in California.
He has played primarily with Swans, Unsane, and Foetus.
His debut album, Folk beat n. 1, was released in 1967, but the first success was in 1972 with the album Radici.
In her active international career she has performed throughout the world both as a soloist with leading orchestras and conductors and as a recitalist.
Also known as The Rainmaker, he has also worked with various artists worldwide including Tracy Chapman, Jimmy Cliff, Michael Jackson, Snoop Dogg, and Beyoncé.
In 2013, the pair won a Grammy Award for Best Score Soundtrack for Visual Media for their soundtrack to The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
Burnham completed his master's degree in Education from Cambridge College in 2006.
Ohlsson was the first American to win first prize in the International Frédéric Chopin Piano Competition, in 1970.
A powerful and wide vocal range has given him a successful singing career spanning over 50 years.
Concrete Roots is a 1994 album featuring Dr. Dre.
A three-time Grammy Award-nominee, Armatrading has also been nominated twice for BRIT Awards as Best Female Artist.
I had to get my back fixed, and they were gonna wait for me, actually, for me to recover.
The band was formed at the 1999 Reading Festival by Okereke and Lissack.
which was the lead single from Australian singer Tina Arena's seventh studio album 7 vies.
Nils Hilmer Lofgren is an American rock musician, recording artist, songwriter, and multi-instrumentalist.
He is a member of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, inducted in 1997 with fifteen other members of Parliament-Funkadelic.
In 2001, his four mini-CDs sold over 220,000 copies.
Spierenburg also writes orchestral arrangements for the band, and oversees the orchestra when the band are recording albums.
He is a founding member of Critters Buggin, Garage a Trois, Tuatara, and Skerik's Syncopated Taint Septet.
Benny Golson is an American bebop/hard bop jazz tenor saxophonist, composer, and arranger.
He has earned strong critical reviews over a steady stream of album releases and live performances, and a "cult following" for his songs.
The albums featured guest appearances by Klaus Meine, Eric Singer, Jon Oliva and Michael Kiske and contained 21 songs that had been solely written by Tobias.
With Drummond's politicized conversion to the Rastafari movement, other band members followed his lead.
Simultaneously with his career with 7 Seconds, he has been engaged in several side band projects.
John Rocca became known first as a dance music performer, remixer, and record producer.
Currently, each member of Sugarcult is involved with other projects: bassist Airin with Edward Sharpe & the Magnetic Zeros and The New No.
Lamont Coleman, best known by his stage name Big L, was an American hip hop recording artist.
Brian Alexander Morgan is a record producer that was born and raised in Wichita, Kansas.
Other 1970s hits included, "Don't You Want My Love" and "Undercover Lover", which are her best-known hit singles.
Rich Harrison is an American record producer and songwriter from Washington, D.C., specializing in R&B and hip hop music.
His stage name 'Bolan' is a tribute to one of his childhood idols, T. Rex frontman, Marc Bolan.
In 2013 he appeared on All Star Mr & Mrs and became the runner-up for Channel 5's Celebrity Big Brother 12.
The most prominent of these was Cyber-Tec Project - later known as C-Tec.
Giuseppe Baini was an Italian priest, music critic, and composer of church music.
Nicholas Bussmann is a composer and performer.
Arjen Anthony Lucassen is a Dutch singer, songwriter, multi-instrumentalist musician and producer best known for his long-running progressive metal/rock opera project Ayreon.
They both grew up together in Sweden and started playing drums at a very young age.
In addition to singing, he also contributed to writing some of the Miracles' songs.
He is the father of four children, who have also had careers as musicians.
He is currently a member of the 1960s cover band The Con-Rays.
He failed to find a wide audience during his lifetime, but his work has posthumously achieved wider notice and recognition.
Van Hunt is an American singer, songwriter, multi-instrumentalist and record producer.
He is also a part of the hip hop collective named The Perceptionists with Mr. Lif and DJ Fakts One, which released Black Dialogue in 2005.
Kate Schellenbach is the drummer of Luscious Jackson and was a founding member of an early, punk incarnation of the Beastie Boys.
She also performed in the 1987 film Hudodelci directed by Franci Slak, and in several other films.
Jones is best known as a founding member of the R&B/Pop vocal group En Vogue, one of the world's best-selling girl groups of all time.
Early supporters and precursors were the rap crews DSC and the Underdog Cru.
She sang backing on Donna Summer's I Remember Yesterday album.
Ambersunshower is an R&B singer and former member of the hip hop duo Groove Garden.
In July 2012 Chiaki Ishikawa performed at the Firefly anime festival in Guangzhou, China.
He was well regarded as a session artist.
Connor was born in Brooklyn, New York, United States, and raised in Worcester, Massachusetts.
His career spanned the heyday of Blue Note Records to his recent involvement with the Musicians Union.
The band released In the Black in 2009 and I've Failed You in 2011.
In 2012, after the breakup of Sonic Youth, Gordon formed Body/Head with friend Bill Nace, releasing their debut album Coming Apart in September 2013.
He is known for his quirky, humorous lyrics, and the ability to play rhythm and lead guitar at the same time.
After his time in Thin Lizzy, he briefly fronted his own group before joining The Noel Redding Band in the mid-1970s.
1, went platinum, and the follow-ups Beautifully Human: Words and Sounds Vol.
He is a second cousin once removed of Bishop T. D. Jakes.
Curtis Knight, born Mont Curtis McNear, was an American musician who is known for his connection to Jimi Hendrix.
Though sometimes elusive to the spotlight, Smith has had a long, eclectic career as a musician.
Aside from music, DJ Paul has been involved in a variety of business ventures, including film production and real estate.
He is known for his polyrhythms and technical ability.
Timothy W. "Tim" Alexander is an American musician best known as the drummer for the rock band Primus.
He was named "the Greatest DJ of All Time" by MixMag magazine in a poll voted by the fans.
She is known for her soprano singing range and her country pop material.
Nick previously played Washburn guitars, and moved to Paul Reed Smith when his Washburn contract expired on January 7, 2009.
On the verge of his debut album, he was involved in a 1999 shooting incident; he was convicted of assault and served nine years in prison.
Much of Holiday's material has been rereleased since her death.
Handy was an educated musician who used elements of folk music in his compositions.
He is a four time DJ Awards winner for "Best House DJ" in 1999, 2002, 2004 and 2007 and has received twelve nominations in all.
In 1996 and 1997, Legg shared the stage with acclaimed guitar experts Joe Satriani, Eric Johnson and Steve Vai as part of the G3 tour.
He is best known as a founding member of The Diplomats and as Owner/CEO of 730 Dips Records.
He was embroiled in a long-running controversy regarding comments he made in 1989 about the death fatwa on author Salman Rushdie.
Emmett and Dunlop are scheduled to release another Strung-Out Troubadours release in 2009 titled Push & Pull.
Hunter Benedict Shepherd is an American musician best known for playing bass in the rock band Soundgarden since 1990.
Phil Coulter is an Irish musician, songwriter and record producer.
Melissa Gaboriau Auf der Maur is a Canadian musician, singer-songwriter, photographer and actress.
Ed Ames is an American popular singer and actor.
She is well known as an interpreter of both traditional folk and modern material which has made her a major recording artist in her native Ireland.
William "Bill" Church started out playing bass in a band called Sawbuck in 1969, with Mojo Collins, Starr Donaldson, Ronnie Montrose and Chuck Ruff.
It is believed that his name Rando comes from Gibonni's indeterminacy to give him a name.
Her UK/US debut solo album, Trailer Park, garnered much critical acclaim in 1996.
He has been married to singer Françoise Hardy since 30 March 1981 and the two have a son.
Among other things, he used the space to encourage amateur guitarists to learn formal notation as opposed to tablature.
Amália remains the best-selling Portuguese artist of all times.
The Miami New Times described Campbell as "the man whose booty-shaking madness once made the U.S. Supreme Court stand up for free speech".
Tilton was born in Corpus Christi, Texas.
Thomas Leslie "Les" Gray was an English musician best known for his work with glam rock pop band Mud.
Mtutuzel Dudu Pukwana was a South African saxophonist, composer and pianist.
He was a personal friend of Tom Jobim and was present during the composer's final days in New York City.
He was also one of the first non-Jamaican singers to record reggae music in Kingston, Jamaica.
He is currently part of the group Iris and a live member of Stromkern, and has his own recording label known as Diffusion Records.
Linda Cullberg Lampenius, better known by her maiden name Linda Lampenius and international stage name Linda Brava, is a Finnish classical concert violinist.
His styles varied from hard bop, through afro-cuban, world fusion, to post bop.
Both bands also featured Napalm Death bass player Shane Embury.
Mueller also shares composer credit on "Wang Wang".
", which reached the Billboard Hot 100.
Aca started mixing them into potpourris that became his trademark in years to come.
He produced the first albums of the Stooges, the Modern Lovers, Patti Smith, Squeeze, and Happy Mondays.
In 2004, with wife and partner, Maria Vlahos, Shields established TTT -, a Dublin based, multi award winning landscape architecture and garden design practice.
His previous bands include The Prize Fight and Smash Adams.
Two more albums for Epic, 1992's From the Heart and 1994's More Love, are each certified gold.
He was lead vocalist for The Babys and Bad English.
He is well known for his work with Overkill, Metal Church, Slipknot, Pantera, Soulfly, White Zombie, Deftones, Dark Angel, Dream Theater, Slayer, Soundgarden and Limp Bizkit.
During 1960, Horton had two other successes with "Sink the Bismarck" and "North to Alaska" for John Wayne's movie, North to Alaska.
However, in 2010 the band announced a tour in 2011.
He was the founder and songwriter of the band Bathory, which pioneered the black metal genre and is credited with creating the Viking metal style.
On the Hot 100 and Adult Contemporary charts, he has had eleven No.
Simone's musical style fused gospel and pop with classical music, in particular Johann Sebastian Bach, and accompanied expressive, jazz-like singing in her contralto voice.
During a return visit to Washington DC in the Summer of 1986, Haskett encountered longtime friend Henry Rollins.
In 2005, Offishall's third album, Fire and Glory, was released in Canada.
Frances McKee is a singer and songwriter known best for her work in the Scottish indie band The Vaselines.
His critical success came in 1992 when Lift Him Up became the fastest selling worship album to that point.
On November 3, 2006, his announcement of leaving Rancid was made public and he was replaced by Branden Steineckert.
And his fourth film Jacobinte Swargarajyam released on April 8, 2016, to positive reviews and was a commercial success as well.
The following year, Joanne was selected to perform with Taiwanese heart-throb David Tao in his Soul Power Tour 2003.
He played with the Sydney outfit after Theredsunband's first drummer Kate Wilson left the band.
Donna Fargo is an American country singer-songwriter, who is best known for a series of Top 10 country hits in the 1970s.
She is the daughter of English folk musicians singer/guitarist Martin Carthy and singer Norma Waterson.
Even though he was playing instruments at 14 years old, including percussion, his musical development was not easy or straightforward.
Philip Joel Urry, known by his stage name Phil Joel, is a musician and the former bassist for the Christian rock group Newsboys.
This band released the albums Ground Zero and, with a few other musicians, Thrasher, neither of which sold well.
2 and the hugely popular Symphony No.
Born in Portland, Oregon, he played the drums and attended the University of Michigan, where he was drum major.
Jizzy Pearl is an American vocalist that was born on March 17, 1958, in Chicago, Illinois.
This style is called Reggae en Español, because he makes dancehall reggae music with Spanish-language lyrics and is an early precursor to Reggaeton.
She was named an honoree at the 2011 Kennedy Center Honors.
Bench joined the band in 1987 shortly after Gavin Ward switched from bass guitar to guitar.
As of June 2008, including her work within Eurythmics, Lennox had sold over 80 million records worldwide.
Andy Sturmer is an American musical artist, composer, and producer.
His 2002 album projectHuman reached the top 10 of the Billboard Dance/Electronic chart.
She has earned a loyal fan base in her native San Francisco, in part through frequently performing in small, intimate venues.
She along with her contemporaries M. S. Subbulakshmi and M. L. Vasanthakumari were popularly referred to as the Female trinity of Carnatic Music.
While living in Turkey, Moore produced the debut album of Turkish band Makine and wrote soundtracks for two Turkish films.
Other frequently covered Siebel songs include "Spanish Johnny," "Long Afternoons," "Any Day Woman," "Nashville Again," "She Made Me Lose My Blues," and "Then Came the Children".
Drummer World named him "the Godfather of Double Bass".
Bonham was esteemed for his speed, power, fast bass-drumming, distinctive sound, and "feel" for the groove.
He mastered many different traditional Afghan instruments, but his greatest passion was for the tabla, his mastership of which was supreme.
She was born into an Italian artist family.
Samuel Timothy "Tim" McGraw is an American singer, songwriter and actor.
Rich Mullins was an American contemporary Christian music singer and songwriter best known for his worship songs "Awesome God" and "Step by Step".
Ian Fraser Kilmister, better known as Lemmy, was an English musician, singer, and songwriter who founded and fronted the rock band Motörhead.
James Lee Keltner is an American drummer known primarily for his session work.
Willetts rejoined as a session vocalist for the recording of Mercenary and left shortly thereafter because of financial reasons and lack of commitment.
In 1961, she gave her first performance at La Scala in Milan, as Agnese in Bellini's Beatrice di Tenda, opposite Dame Joan Sutherland.
With his use of the seven-string guitar and approaching the guitar like a piano, he opened up possibilities for the instrument.
During the first ten years of his activities, Ankersmit focussed almost exclusively on live performance and installation work.
His refusal to compromise his musical integrity led to many onstage eruptions, exhortations to musicians, and dismissals.
She is internationally known for representing Romania at the Eurovision Song Contest 2005 along with percussion band Sistem.
Robyn Rowan Hitchcock is a British singer-songwriter and guitarist.
He is also known for his diverse collaborations.
He has recorded with Jon Hassell, and has performed extensively with Butch Morris.
Steele credited Black Sabbath and The Beatles as his key musical influences.
He is known for his singles "Pow!
41 on the Billboard Hot 100, her only entry on the latter chart.
Adamson has also remixed Grinderman, The Jon Spencer Blues Explosion and Depeche Mode.
Morricone's music has been reused in television series, including The Simpsons and The Sopranos, and in many films, including Inglourious Basterds and Django Unchained.
Cyborgs Revisited was first issued on CD in 1992, by the Chicago-based Fistpuppet label.
He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1998 as a member of Fleetwood Mac.
Newton has several Gold and Platinum records to her credit, including Juice, Quiet Lies and her first Greatest Hits album.
and The Grinch Grinches the Cat in the Hat.
As his nickname implies, Hampton's main instrument is slide trombone, but he also occasionally plays tuba and flugelhorn.
It was in Guadalajara where she first discovered her passion for music.
Gregg Diamond was an American pianist, drummer, songwriter, and producer who was active in the jazz and disco music scenes of the 1970s.
Performing in seedy bars initially, he ultimately forged a career that spanned many decades, and his orchestra was one of the most recorded.
Steele contributed to the band's 2014 album .5: The Gray Chapter, but was later replaced full-time by Alessandro Venturella.
Gottwald's work has been recognized with various music industry awards.
Martin Glover, known by his stage name Youth, is a record producer and a founding member and bassist of Killing Joke.
Rick Derringer is an American guitarist, vocalist, Grammy Award-winning producer and entertainer.
Berthold Heinrich Kämpfert,, better known as Bert Kaempfert, was a German orchestra leader, music producer, and songwriter.
He is best known for his live performances as well as for songs such as Slang Like This, Anthemic and Round the Clock.
He often tours with Dave Matthews as an acoustic duo, in addition to performing as a member of Dave Matthews & Friends.
On September 6, 2009, Verraros married his boyfriend Bill Brennan in a small ceremony in Illinois.
Samuel "Sam" Gooden is an African-American soul singer.
He first recorded in 1957 with John Coltrane.
Berghagen is a well known singer-songwriter in Sweden.
He arranged for many of the most important jazz musicians of the era, including his brother.
His styles include classical, bluegrass, newgrass, and jazz.
John Harold Kander is the American composer of a number of musicals as part of the songwriting team of Kander and Ebb.
The album has to date, never been re-released.
Robert Edward "Bob" Casale, Jr., or Bob 2, was an American multi-instrumentalist, composer, record producer and audio engineer.
He also appeared in number of films, usually playing musicians.
Born in Detroit to a Japanese-Hawaiian father and a Chicano mother, he moved to the West Coast when he was six.
He performed with many musical groups including the Conjunto Sorpresa, Orquesta Chepin-Choven and Afro-Cuban All Stars.
Three of her albums are certified platinum or higher by the RIAA.
Divine Brown, previously known as Divine Earth Essence, is a Canadian Juno Award-winning R&B and soul singer and theatre performer.
Panaiotis, aka Peter Ward, is a vocalist and composer currently living in Albuquerque.
Girls Aloud split following the tour's conclusion.
He is best known for creating The Wombles pop act, writing the chart-topping "Bright Eyes", and discovering Katie Melua.
His second band, Citizen Swing, released two studio albums before disbanding in 1996.
He released his second solo album, titled Solitary in 2008; it was a stylistic departure from his Dokken material.
He also sang "Yellow Bird", an adaptation of the Haitian song.
Luc Ferrari was a French composer of Italian heritage and pioneer in musique concrète and electroacoustic music.
Vloeimans initially studied classical music at the Rotterdam Academy of Music.
Robinson was among the first female trumpeters in a major American band, and the first such player in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
He was a member of the Conjunto Kubavana for three years before joining the Conjunto Casino in 1944.
In his 9-year career, he sold more than 5 million albums and achieved 11 number one singles and 18 Top 10 singles in Brazil.
He began arranging professionally in his teens, when he wrote charts for Nat Towles.
He was also the lead singer and guitarist for the band Hot Leg, formed in 2008, and now on hiatus.
Richard Gavin Bryars is an English composer and double bassist.
Nile Gregory Rodgers, Jr. is an American record producer, songwriter, musician, composer, arranger and guitarist.
Since 1982, he has served as Skinny Puppy's primary lyricist and vocalist, occasionally providing instrumentation and samples.
The Montreal show was recorded and released as a B-Side on their "In the Last Waking Moments..."-EP Single.
Carmen Rasmusen Herbert is a Canadian-American country music artist who ranked sixth on the second season of American Idol in 2003.
In December 2016, Billboard magazine ranked her as the 63rd most successful dance artist of all-time.
Signed to DreamWorks Records Nashville in 1998, Keith released his breakthrough single "How Do You Like Me Now?!"
After Unicorn broke up, Okuda moved on to a solo career in 1994 with the single "Ai no Tame ni."
Shankar-Jaikishan, along with other artists, composed "everlasting" and "immortal melodies" in the 1950s, 1960s, and early 1970s.
He is best known as the singer and lyricist of the rock duo B'z.
Remo Giazotto was an Italian musicologist, music critic, and composer, mostly known through his systematic catalogue of the works of Tomaso Albinoni.
In 2005, the World Music Awards recognized her years in the music business by awarding her the Legend Award.
The recording also appears - remixed and titled "Skeeter" - on the King Buzzo EP.
These compositions, which combine graceful melody with contrapuntal learning, were much admired by Luigi Cherubini.
Son of Sardar Malek, Anu Malik made his debut as a music composer in 1980.
He is identified primarily with salsa romantica or "salsa monga".
Schwichtenberg was fired from the band in 1993 during the tour of the album Chameleon.
Michel "Away" Langevin is a founding member and drummer for the Canadian heavy metal band Voivod.
He supported lead player Zakk Wylde, who has commented that "If I'm Keith Richards, he's Mick Taylor".
He became widely known for his unique singing style and for his lyrics, which featured social and political commentary in often humorous street jargon.
Gene "Eugene" Andrusco was a Canadian-born actor, record producer, engineer, composer and musician.
Donovan was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2012 and the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 2014.
She is the second youngest UNICEF Ambassador to date and has contributed to charities around the globe.
Yolanda Yvette Adams is an American gospel singer, record producer, actress, and former radio host of her own nationally syndicated morning gospel show.
He has won five Grammy Awards and three Latin Grammy Awards.
Her father, Yeslam bin Ladin, is Saudi Arabian and her mother, Carmen bin Ladin, is of Swiss father and Iranian mother from the princely family.
He formed both of these acts with his identical twin brother, Joel Madden.
Formally trained in music composition, Dargel studied with Oliveros, John Luther Adams, and Brenda Hutchinson, and received a B.M.
Siriporn Ampaipong is a mor lam and luk thung singer from the Isan region of Thailand.
He was also nominated for a Royal Television Society Award for the Best Original Music for TV in 2003.
She released 13 albums, multiple singles and several compilation albums.
Aside from his success as an artist, Ferro is well known for his personal struggles.
His brother, former MIT scientist Brian Alexander Whitman and co-founder of The Echo Nest, is also an electronic musician and sound artist under name Blitter.
As a youth he was a member of the Long Island straight edge band XbustedX.
As a keyboardist or guitarist, he was a session musician for Do-Ré-Mi, Rockmelons and Ross Wilson; and The Port-of-Call Girls.
In 2007, Turunen released My Winter Storm, an album featuring various styles including symphonic metal, and started the Storm World Tour.
Françoise Madeleine Hardy is a French singer-songwriter.
In 1920 Canaro discovered Azucena Maizani, who rapidly developed into a major tango star.
Described by critics as a master composer, arranger and uniquely gifted trombone player, Hampton's career is among the most distinguished in jazz.
White was inducted into the International Bluegrass Music Association Hall of Fame in 2016.
1 hit with "Jessie's Girl" in 1981 in both Australia and the U.S., for which he received the Grammy Award for Best Male Rock Vocal Performance.
With his former bandmate Mike Portnoy, he has produced all Dream Theater albums from 1999's Metropolis Pt.
Fukuyama is currently enjoying a successful career recording both solo and as a member of the anime music supergroup, JAM Project.
He is best remembered for his work with Norman Granz's Jazz at the Philharmonic concerts from 1946 to 1957.
Has appeared as soloist with the Orchestra and as a recitalist and chamber music player.
1 on the Billboard Album Chart and the UK charts.
William John Clifton "Bill" Haley was an American rock and roll musician.
She joined many famous and historical figures buried in the Jewish Cimetière de Bagneux in Montrouge, southwest of Paris.
Thirsk, who had been in rehabilitation for alcoholism and suffered from depression, died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound at the age of 28.
Edwin H. "Eddie" Kramer is a recording producer and engineer.
After leaving Kiss, Frehley embarked on a solo career, which was put on hold when he rejoined Kiss in 1996 for a highly successful reunion tour.
In recent years, he has cultivated a more independent-minded approach, primarily recording his music at home in his basement.
Cavalera is one half of DJ duo Mixhell, a project he founded with his wife Laima Leyton.
Cunnigan was a special guest in one episode of Space Ghost Coast to Coast.
In 2010, Soundgarden reunited for a tour and released a new album, King Animal, on November 13, 2012.
He resided primarily in Paris and was an opera director.
MC Solaar is known for his complex lyrics, which rely on word play, lyricism, and inquiry.
Barrington Ainsworth Levy is a Jamaican reggae and dancehall artist.
Brant Cole is a drummer for the Los Angeles-based band, The Blackout Trust.
He was the only musician to play in Davis's band both before and after his retirement.
Gibb began his career as part of the family trio.
The two have recorded a live duet of Hancock's "Juke Joint Jumpin'".
He became a tenor in the French cabaret-style.
In 2009, Weinberg moved to the short-lived Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien as leader of Max Weinberg and The Tonight Show Band.
Cabrera began as a lead singer for the Dallas band Rubix Groove before pursuing his solo career.
Steven E. "Steve" Gustafson is the bass guitarist for the American alternative rock band 10,000 Maniacs.
Additionally, many songs he himself originally recorded/performed have been covered by other artists to great success.
She plays the piano, the flute and the guitar.
Ethel Stark, CM GOQ was a Canadian violinist and conductor.
Many of his compositions were written while in Victoria after his retirement.
He appeared on 7 studio albums during his 16-year tenure with the band from 1986 till 2002.
He is the lead singer of R&B group Dru Hill, and has also released solo material.
Two of his most popular recordings were "Layla", recorded with Derek and the Dominos; and Robert Johnson's "Crossroads", recorded with Cream.
However, her third studio album, Vila, achieved great commercial success, spawning the hit singles "Još ti se nadam", "Med", and "Pile moje".
Mixing elements of orchestral music, trip hop, and bluesy vocals, his work is tangentially relatable to electronic music.
Williams rose to fame in Take That's first run in the early-to-mid-1990s.
He parted company from the band before the second leg of the Wings of Tomorrow tour in 1984.
His compositions are widely sung and played in classical concerts of Carnatic music.
Many consider him to be the greatest violinist of all time.
He has appeared on some of the Stones' classic albums including Let It Bleed, Sticky Fingers and Exile on Main St..
He signed with major label Mercury Records and released Voice of Jamaica the following year.
As a member of Deep Purple, Glover was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in April 2016.
He is a member of the band The 77s.
Na Ying, less frequently referred to as Natasha Na, is a Chinese vocalist.
In 1984 Lucie received three awards that propelled her onto the Quebec music scene, exposing her to a variety of radio and television medias.
Lumidee Cedeño is an American singer-songwriter and rapper.
In 2015, she received the Presidential Medal of Freedom for her contributions to American music.
It was Zele Lipovača, the lead guitarist of Jagode, who gave Stipišić the nickname Gibonni.
Mýa Marie Harrison is an American recording artist, songwriter, and actress.
With this band, Canut achieved hits like 'Horror en el Hipermercado', 'Bote de Colon', 'Llegando Hasta el Final' and 'Bailando'.
Rocio Jurado had sell more than 25 million discs and she had received 150 gold records and 63 platinum records.
However, even before 1878, he was already involved in directing the Chapel after the death of its former director Giuseppe Baini.
She released three albums in the pop and pop/rock genre in her late teens, from 1977 through 1981 under her full name.
Upon graduation in 1992, he joined Square after seeing a magazine advertisement in an office he was visiting with his professor.
Melua released her third studio album Pictures in October 2007.
James Alan Hull was an English singer-songwriter and founding member of the Tyneside folk rock band Lindisfarne.
Stephen Lawrence "Steve" Winwood is an English musician whose genres include rock, blue-eyed soul, rhythm and blues, blues rock, pop rock, and jazz.
The album is named after Kela's former hometown Nummela, in Vihti.
Giuseppe Apolloni was an Italian composer born in Vicenza, Italy.
Freddie Scott was an American soul singer and songwriter.
Deathprod is the musical pseudonym used by Norwegian artist Helge Sten for his ambient music project.
Peña is of Mexican descent native to the state of Texas raised in Corpus Christi, Texas.
Bill Whelan, is an Irish composer and musician.
Lovett has won four Grammy Awards, including Best Male Country Vocal Performance and Best Country Album.
Nishikawa debuted as TMR with the release of his first single "Dokusai" in May 1996.
Born in Walton Hospital, he grew up in the village of Melling and attended nearby Deyes Lane Secondary Modern.
Larsen has released ten albums, eight under the name "Twilight's Moon" and two under his own name, 2009's Breaking and 2012's Building.
Elliot was a member of the funk band Tower of Power, playing tenor sax for five years during the 1980s.
Hancock released his debut album in 1995, and has continued to tour and record albums since then.
Diane Eve Warren is an American songwriter.
John Valmore Pearson, known as Johnny Pearson, was a British composer, orchestra leader and pianist.
Her accompanists included Louis Armstrong, Johnny Dodds, Sidney Bechet, King Oliver, and Clarence Williams.
Aster Aweke is an Ethiopian singer living in the United States.
As of 2017, Dillon continues to tour regularly and work with her husband, Sam Lakeman, who backs her on piano and guitar.
Nicole Monique Wray, also known as simply Nicole, is an American R&B and hip hop singer.
In March, 2009 Ivan began hosting a weekly metal radio show on Saturday nights called Metalopolis in Portland, Oregon for 101.1 KUFO.
Each one of her following albums have added a new complexity to her music, which is characterized by layered loops of acoustic and electronic sounds.
Sandoval, along with other band members, now resides in Portland, Oregon.
McKinley Morganfield, better known as Muddy Waters, was an American blues musician who is often cited as the "father of modern Chicago blues".
Leitham own recordings include Leitham Up, The Southpaw, Lefty Leaps In, Live!
Kevin Talley is an American heavy metal drummer for Dååth, Feared, Sylencer and Nothnegal.
Leslie West is an American rock guitarist, vocalist, and songwriter.
Guns studio albums Rips the Covers Off, Tales from the Strip, Covered in Guns, and Hollywood Forever, and the L.A.
He is a graduate of Tokyo National University of Fine Arts and Music.
He was largely inspired by the success of such other musicians such as Jonah Moyo and the Chimbetu Brothers.
Under the name Scott David, he co-wrote "As If I Didn't Know" with Larry Kusik, a top 10 hit for Adam Wade in 1961.
He grew up in Albany, New York, where he studied violin, piano, organ, and voice.
Born in Columbia, South Carolina, Jones graduated from Columbia University with a Masters Degree, before becoming a social worker in New York City.
He became recognized as an individual rapper for the first time, making hip-hop more familiar to Japanese listeners.
He serves as a Commissioner for Cook County, Illinois, having first been elected in 1985.
Love has sold over 20 million records as a member and the lead singer of Simon Cowell's boy band Five.
George Kranz is a German dance music singer and percussionist.
Affectionately called "Mr. Cui", he is considered to be a pioneer in Chinese rock music and one of the first Chinese artists to write rock songs.
Kaʻai, who was born in Honolulu, Hawaii, was said to have been the first musician to play a complete melody with chords.
His vigorous melodic bass playing, alternately plucking, slapping, and bowing, was an important feature of the early Ellington Orchestra sound in the 1920s and 1930s.
Liam O'Flynn is an Irish uilleann piper and Irish traditional musician.
He rose to fame as the fourth place finalist on the fourth season of American Idol.
In addition to his own work as a bandleader, DeFranco led the Glenn Miller Orchestra for almost a decade in the 1960s and '70s.
On 1 June 2015, the couple announced its separation.
She retired from music after being dropped from Bad Boy Records.
Andrew John Ridgeley is an English singer, songwriter and record producer.
He is best known for being an original member of the successful group The Impressions from its beginnings as The Roosters in the 1950s.
"Like a Child" peaked at #67 in 1988, but it became his first number-one single on the dance chart.
Christina 'Licorice' McKechnie is a Scottish musician.
He came to prominence performing and recording as Songs: Ohia, both in solo projects and with a rotating cast of musicians.
He started making music in 1995 and released the platinum selling hit single "Sandstorm" in late 1999.
He is the first singer of Bengali music industry who is a multi-instrumentalist.
He received his Master of Music degree from New England Conservatory and a Ph.D. in music from the University of California, San Diego.
Nicknamed the Empress of the Blues, she was the most popular female blues singer of the 1920s and 1930s.
Hubert Prior "Rudy" Vallée was an American singer, actor, and bandleader.
Williams' side projects, while a member of AC/DC, include benefit concerts and playing with Emir & Frozen Camels on their album San and a European tour.
His given name was Jan, he added the silent H later.
In 1997 he was made an Officer of the Order of Canada.
For 23 years, she was the host of National Public Radio's syndicated radio show JazzSet with Dee Dee Bridgewater.
He has released two albums of aggressive electropop and has worked with Miss Kittin and Ellen Allien, and helped found the Shitkatapult record label.
Hana Zagorová is a Czech female singer who has been recording since 1964.
He is the founder of The Regime, Smoke-A-Lot Records and Godzilla Entertainment.
He was billed as The Baron of the Boogie, and also known as The Happiest Man Alive.
He is also producing an album for Rachael Yamagata.
In addition, Jamelia has won four MOBO Awards, a Q Award and has received nine BRIT Award nominations.
Cynthia Yih Shih, better known by her stage name Vienna Teng, is a Taiwanese-American pianist and singer-songwriter based in Detroit, Michigan.
She was born in Seattle, Washington in 1946, she started her piano studies at the age of five.
Alana studies vocal training with Brett Manning.
William Harrison "Bill" Withers Jr. is an American singer-songwriter and musician who performed and recorded from 1970 until 1985.
He began his career with the German power metal act Blind Guardian.
Nancy Martinez is a French-Canadian dance-pop singer and musician who is primarily known for her 1986 hits "For Tonight" and "Move Out".
He also currently hosts the Hour Of Goon podcast with fellow musician Fred Sablan, on the Feral Audio network.
After "Enamórate" he started in "Soñarás" playing "Rey" a charismatic young musician who is a waiter at the bar he plays at after his shift.
In 1979, he had a disco hit called "Magnetism"'.
Act I was released in August 2012.
He also wrote songs about people in the news, such as Franklin D. Roosevelt, Adolf Hitler, Jean Harlow, Jack Johnson, the Scottsboro Boys and Howard Hughes.
He has played with Mötley Crüe singer Vince Neil, both with his former Saigon Kick touring bandmate Phil Varone, and with his Slaughter bandmate Dana Strum.
Fratsen reunited in 2014 and released the album Caspar.
Their first studio album in 17 years, in•ter a•li•a, will be released on May 5, 2017 via Rise.
He was backed by the band that would later become known as "Black Merda".
In 2007, he formed The Black Lab Studio.
Nas shouts out Tim Dog on his track "Where Are They Now?"
After his farewell tour as Queensrÿche, he renamed his band Operation: Mindcrime, after the Queensrÿche album of the same name.
He gained worldwide fame as the founder and musician behind the German musical project Enigma, formed in 1990.
Vaughan received several music awards during his lifetime and posthumously.
He currently resides in California, where he plays bass for the San Francisco Bay Area band Ghosthookers.
Within jazz, his music particularly reflects the influence of Thelonious Monk and Duke Ellington.
Many of his rare recordings were re-released on Cajun compilations into the Millennium.
From 1971 to 1987 he was a member of the electronic group Tangerine Dream.
She was a model prior to becoming an actress, and is best known as one-half of the duo Aly and AJ with her sister Aly Michalka.
He has recorded several solo albums, as well as collaborations with Melanie Oxley from the Sparklers.
She has been managed by celebrity and sports manager Glenn Toby.
Bruce Wayne Campbell, known by his stage name Jobriath, was an American rock musician and actor.
To date, Wainwright has released 26 studio albums.
Eggleston released his first full-length solo album, The Rushad Eggleston Show in 2013.
During this time, BBC Radio 3 honored her as the best world music artist of the Americas in 2005.
Bear McCreary is an American composer and musician living in Los Angeles.
Martina is a graduate of the Toronto Waldorf School in Thornhill.
Originally from Etobicoke, Ontario, he was a founding member of the rock band Rheostatics, and currently performs with Bidiniband.
The award is given annually to a composer who has made significant contributions to film and television music.
Griggs received his award from McCartney at a dinner in London.
In Chicago in the early 1920s he assembled King Oliver's Creole Jazz Band, considered perhaps the best of the early ensemble style jazz bands.
Adrian Legg is an English guitar player who has been called "impossible to categorize".
He then went on to Trinity & All Saints University College in Horsforth, Leeds where he studied Media.
He was a member of the Afro Celt Sound System and is a member of the Irish-American supergroup The Gloaming.
He later studied in Wittenberg, and is known to have lectured there, in 1551.
Doug Aldrich is a Los Angeles-based hard rock guitarist.
His first big hit was the song "Pesma od bola".
Soule's works have been played in several live concerts such as the Symphonic Game Music Concert in Germany and the international Play!
In 1979, Soccio also recorded a disco album with Guy Lafleur which cost CAD$100 000 to produce.
Connick's first role as a leading man was in Hope Floats with Sandra Bullock.
He has also been playing piano since he was three years old.
He is perhaps best known for writing music to accompany The Connection, a play by Jack Gelber.
In 2007, Middleton abandoned the AMBA moniker, while still focusing on the ambient genre fusing classical traditions with electronica, featuring orchestral, choral and electro acoustic arrangements.
Greg Wells is a multiple Grammy nominated musician, record producer and songwriter based in Los Angeles.
The name Vidna Obmana, a phrase in Serbian, literally translates to "optical illusion" and was chosen by Serries because he felt it accurately described the music.
Nicholas "Nick" Heyward is an English singer-songwriter and guitarist known for being the frontman of the early 1980s band Haircut 100 and for his solo career.
Daniel decided to leave In Flames after finishing up the Europe tour on November 20, 2015.
He is the third and current bass guitarist of AFI.
Johnson is also the founder of the Lovely Music, Ltd., a record label dedicated to the dissemination of new American music.
Bailon's career, spanning over 16 years with both 3LW and The Cheetah Girls, has helped her sell a combined 5.6 million recording albums worldwide.
He has released two albums on Jive Records, White Boy With a Feather and The Spin.
His credits include South Park, The Penguins of Madagascar, The Sarah Silverman Program, and Kim Possible.
Brian Robert Setzer is an American guitarist, singer, and songwriter.
Chris Cutler is an English percussionist, composer, lyricist and music theorist.
By 2000, Danell was quickly becoming a much sought-after producer in the Orange County area.
Beck is married to actress Marissa Ribisi and is an active Scientologist.
In 1986 he joined the heavy metal band W.A.S.P.. Johnny Rod used both Fender and B.C.
Excitement", and was important in the transition of rhythm and blues into soul.
The singer is notable for his flamenco-influenced ballads, but he has also experimented with rock, funk, electronic, jazz and many genres from latin music.
The Supermen Lovers is the moniker of French composer and electronic music producer Guillaume Atlan, born in Paris on February 9, 1975.
After the band disbanded, he enrolled at Indiana University to study Serbo-Croatian language, literature, and history.
Through this music he became exposed to punk rock, especially American hardcore.
Rezabek and Hood settled in East Portland, where they own a curio shop called Area 41.
Charles Louis Seeger, Jr. was an American musicologist, composer, and teacher.
She is a prolific composer, writing many of the group's songs, as well as being commissioned to create music for dance, choral, film, and stage productions.
Alma Angela Cohen, known professionally as Alma Cogan, was an English singer of traditional pop music in the 1950s and early 1960s.
He is often criticized for singing about the IDF while not having served, though he was discharged for medical reasons.
This, and his subsequent career, helped create greater interest in British traditional music and was highly influential within mainstream rock.
It has been recorded internationally and translated into many languages.
Carter Benedict Burwell is an American composer of film scores.
He was also a member of Union with John Corabi from 1997-2002, and Blackjack from 1979 to 1980.
He was signed by Oriental Star Agencies, Birmingham, England, in the early 1980s.
Stephen Johnson "Steve" Turre is an American jazz trombonist and a pioneer of using seashells as instruments, a composer, arranger, and educator at the collegiate-conservatory level.
Najam Sheraz is a Pakistani pop singer, songwriter, music producer, composer and peace activist.
In 2011, Corgan entered the world of professional wrestling, founding Chicago-based Resistance Pro Wrestling.
Returning to Dublin in the 1960s, he is noted as a founding member of the band The Dubliners.
Machito changed to a smaller ensemble format in 1975, touring Europe extensively.
She has since released seven studio albums.
Ismo Alanko placed 20th, with his former bands Hassisen Kone and Sielun Veljet placing 12th and 4th, respectively.
Fast Eddie is an American house producer from Chicago, Illinois.
She is also known for her voice work in The Barbie Diaries.
She is known for her work in close association with her then-husband and leader of the German band Atrocity, Alexander Krull.
Rodriguez, as a composer, wrote one of the classics of the Latin American bolero repertory: Mar y cielo.
Frank Colón is an American musician and martial artist of Puerto Rican descent.
He is credited as one of the most respected rock drummers to emerge from the 1960s.
Crahan is the only remaining founding member in Slipknot.
A 2010 ranking by Gibson placed him at number 32.
He was interested in a wide variety of music from an early age.
Jason Randolph Scheff is an American bassist, singer, and songwriter.
She was born in Titograd, the capital of Montenegro.
His solo album Footprint, recorded with contributions from Harrison, coincided with the formation of Wright's short-lived band Wonderwheel, which included guitarist Mick Jones.
He trained in music and made his debut in Hindi films in 1980 with the film Hunterwali 77.
Prior to joining, Casel spent four years studying performance and cultural organization in Dakar, Senegal.
He has received three Grammy Award nominations for his work.
Bruce Howard Kulick is an American guitarist, musician and since 2000 a member of the band Grand Funk Railroad.
She is the daughter of music producer Don Costa and is married to Australian producer/songwriter Justin Stanley.
Boothe achieved an international reputation as one of Jamaica's finest vocalists through a series of crossover hits that appealed to both reggae fans and mainstream audiences.
Akiko Yano is a Japanese pop and jazz musician and singer.
He has also played drums and produced songs for Bass is Base, Lava Hay and Mae Moore.
He entered the Danish music scene in 2003 as a competitor in the Danish televised talent contest Stjerne for en aften.
He currently lives in Los Angeles, California, where he purchased a palatial residence in Beverly Hills in 2004, which was previously owned by Shaquille O'Neal.
Holland released his first, self-titled album in 1976.
He is also known for his lyrics, some of which have caused controversy.
In addition to her ten solo albums, her work includes many singles, songs for films, collaborations with many other artists, and appearances at charity fundraising concerts.
Known for his iconic "devil-horn hair", Kramm sports a dark outfit during performances in Das Ich, often being significantly more "made-up" than vocalist Ackermann.
In 1999, a compilation of his greatest hits, called 20 Años, was released.
He is particularly known for his hit songs of the 1960s and 1970s, which appeared on the pop, country, and Christian music charts.
As he matured, some of his songwriting became well known throughout the world.
He has been called "the father of csárdás".
Waka is an Islamic-influenced, traditional Yoruba music style, popularized by Batile Alake; it is a much older genre than jùjú and fuji.
In 2002, he released his debut album A Gangster and a Gentleman.
Indira Radić is a Serbian pop-folk singer.
Nicki Minaj’s hit “Moment For Life” was recently used in her Pepsi commercial as part of her ‘Live For Now’ campaign.
Marko also produces/writes for other artists; does remixes; and composes for film and television.
He joined the band in November 1998.
Known as "Machine Gun", Diblo Dibala was a vital part of Kanda Bongo Man's lineup on several albums, including "Kwasa Kwasa" and "Amour Fou".
She was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 1953, followed by Padma Bhushan is the third highest civilian award in India, in 1969.
Nicola Maria Roberts is an English recording artist, fashion designer, and songwriter.
Yenn recorded and released ten albums in her native language through her former label.
Nicholas "Nik" Turner is an English musician, best known as a former member of space rock pioneers Hawkwind.
He also worked with Fortran 5 on their first album Blues.
After Stiff Little Fingers disbanded in 1983, McMordie formed Friction Groove with a group of Reading musicians who were in a successful local band, Between Pictures.
Patrick James Carney is an American musician and producer best known as the drummer for The Black Keys, a blues rock band from Akron, Ohio.
Sally Mary Seltmann, is an Australian singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist and producer.
Originally credited as Vesta Williams, she was simply known as Vesta beginning in the 1990s.
He died in Rio de Janeiro shortly after suffering a stroke.
Roger Luke DuBois is an American composer, performer, conceptual new media artist, programmer, record producer and pedagogue based in New York City.
In 2002, Joanne had the performed alongside Hong Kong superstar Jacky Cheung in his Music Odyssey Tour 2002/03 covering over 40 concerts around the world.
Jackson is mostly known for having in the past been a member of The Jackson 5.
He was also involved in the import/export business along the USA-Mexico border.
Emmylou Harris is an American singer and songwriter.
Much of her early work was done with director Vinnette Carroll, the first African-American woman to direct on Broadway.
A native of the San Francisco area, he began his recording career in 1972.
Webb is the only artist ever to have received Grammy Awards for music, lyrics, and orchestration.
He was born Ralph Christian Möbius in Berlin and died at the age of 46 in Fresenhagen, Germany.
A recording of Day singing Edwin McCain's "I'll Be" is included on American Idol: Greatest Moments.
In Rolling Stone magazine's list of 100 Greatest Artists published in December 2010, she was in 47th place.
He was known for his eclectic style, incorporating everything from ragtime and stride to free jazz.
Georges Delerue was named Commander of Arts and Letters, one of France's highest honours.
He is a member of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, inducted in 1997 with 15 other members of Parliament-Funkadelic.
She grew up in the United States and speaks English.
His track "Shot in the Dark" appeared in the UK Singles Chart in 1993.
Stone has been nominated for three Grammy Awards.
In 1987, he released his first solo album, and soon after left Bajaga i Instruktori to pursue solo career, which spans to the present day.
Viktoria Yurievna Mullova is a Russian violinist.
His records as Fatboy Slim also helped to popularise the big beat genre, which achieved mainstream popularity in the 1990s.
His CDs are widely available and can be downloaded on iTunes and elsewhere.
Adrian Maxwell Sherwood is an English record producer specializing in the genres of dub music and EDM.
He is a native of Philadelphia, United States.
Aaron Abeyta, better known as El Hefe or simply Hefe, from el Jefe is the lead guitarist and trumpet player for the California punk band NOFX.
He plays piano solo, as well as with Orient Express septet and with Black Sea Orchestra.
He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of Yes in 2017.
In addition to vocals, he performs with an acoustic guitar, 12-string acoustic guitar, electric guitar, bouzouki, harmonica and percussion instruments.
Ramble Jon Krohn, better known by his stage name RJD2, is an American musician based in Columbus, Ohio.
He was born in Comilla, East Bengal, British India in 1945.
He has done a good deal of cross-over jazz or jazz fusion and even worked with Punk rockers at one point.
The same year, she became a judge on the Israeli television music talent contest Kokhav Nolad.
For the Kyrgyz politician, see Ivan Rebrov.
Over a 40-year career, he released 21 studio albums, and received frequent critical acclaim.
Heino is a German singer of popular music and traditional Volksmusik.
In 1990, she moved to Manhattan, New York to study at New York University, where she founded the performance art collective Blacklips with Johanna Constantine.
I felt like I was getting parts dictated to me from one of the best, especially when they were designed for me.
Diana Karazon is a Jordanian of Palestinian origin, singer of Arabic pop, television host, and actress.
He recorded covers of "Stones in My Passway" and "Homesick".
He is a member of the hip hop group Geto Boys.
In 2013, she joined the cast of R&B Divas: Los Angeles for the first season of the series.
He previously worked as the youth editor for it!, a teen news supplement to the Free-Lance Star, and won several awards for that section.
Monarch performs with other 1960s and 1970s rockers in the supergroup World Classic Rockers.
Soon Bles Bridges began alternating between Afrikaans and English language albums, to great acclaim.
He has a wide-ranging, powerful tenor voice.
Johann Nicolaus was the eldest son of Johann Christoph Bach and the second cousin of Johann Sebastian Bach.
He produced many top albums and singles of the 1970s, though he retired from the music business by 1990.
These events deeply affected Darin and sent him into a long period of seclusion.
Hooper was also involved in song writing and record producing.
He performed and recorded with Cecil Taylor in the late 1950s and early 1960s.
Miyazaki did like the song, and intended to use it, but the Rin project was eventually scrapped.
He was also a trailblazer in the racial integration of musical groups.
Shirley Ann Manson is a Scottish singer, songwriter and actress.
Wang died of cancer on 14 March 1996 at the age of 82.
His critically acclaimed 1997 album, Lunatic Harness, helped defined the drill 'n' bass subgenre and was also his most successful release, selling over 100,000 copies.
Brian Williams is a Welsh industrial musician, sound designer and film score composer.
Though he has often been identified as a "white bluesman", he claims Native American heritage.
Carlisle lived from 1937 until her death in September 1977 in her house in Mayfair in central London.
Hetfield is mainly known for his intricate rhythm playing, but occasionally performs lead guitar duties and solos, both live and in the studio.
At present, he is producing songs not only for rap artists, but also for pop stars like Namie Amuro.
Warren Griffin III better known by his stage name Warren G, is an American West Coast rapper and hip hop producer.
Both songs, performed in Spanish rap, were very successful in North America.
's 1999 Billboard Hot Dance Music/Club Play chart topper, "Changes."
The album was nominated for the Shortlist Music Prize.
He qualified 38th in the poll of the 100 Greatest Finns held during the summer of 2004.
With all this success, Monday became somewhat of a celebrity and could be seen on commercial ads and as a “personality” on several major television networks.
Eddie Breckenridge is the bass guitarist of the band Thrice.
Järvis gave out the Estonian votes in Eurovision 2011, which mathematically confirmed Azerbaijan's first victory in the competition.
Ladislav John "Walter" Ostanek, CM is a Canadian musician.
With record sales estimated in excess of 200 million units, the Bee Gees became one of the most successful pop groups of all time.
Shortly after his arrival, he worked as the singer in a sextet formed by Roberto García.
They had two children, George, Jr. and Charles; following a divorce, Olsen opened a restaurant in Paramus, New Jersey.
In August 2006 Denker made the top 24 of the fourth season of Australian Idol, but did not advance to the top 12.
Sharleen Eugene Spiteri is a Scottish recording artist and songwriter from Finnieston, Glasgow, Scotland, and the lead singer of the rock band Texas.
From 1967 onwards he was a semi-professional musician, playing mainly in cabaret bands.
Phyllis Linda Hyman was an American singer and actress.
In addition to spoons, he plays the flute and recorder.
Emina Jahović Sandal is a Serbian singer-songwriter, model, and actress.
He was the son of jazz musician Art Porter Sr. and the namesake of "The Art Porter Bill".
Slavko Avsenik was a Slovene composer and musician.
Elling began to perform around Chicago, scat singing and improvising his own lyrics.
Arthur Lee Conley was a U.S. soul singer, best known for the 1967 hit "Sweet Soul Music".
Howard was married to country singer Jan Howard.
Willie has also contributed many songs to the soundtracks for Henry's other films.
At that time he founded Cream Records, which absorbed Hi Records in 1977.
He took the name "Severin" from the Leopold von Sacher-Masoch character who is mentioned in the Velvet Underground song "Venus in Furs".
Born in Toronto, he was the son of political cartoonist Avrom Yanovsky.
He has worked with Krayzie Bone and Thugline Records.
He's the only constant member of the band since its inception to the present day.
Rolling Stone critic Greil Marcus wrote, "Hugo Burnham play(s) in an economical and precise yet propulsive style, giving the rhythm a piston-like drive."
His biggest hits were "Ya Ya" and "Working in the Coal Mine".
He is a graduate from the MF Norwegian School of Theology.
He was with Prince during The New Power Generation era and played with him live and on albums for seven years.
Renato Russo was a Brazilian singer and songwriter.
He has worked producing both records and film, and has scored music for film in movies and television.
He is also a former member of Daemon, In The Pink, Super Trans Atlantic, and Tribe of Judah.
In 2002, he was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
He is widely credited with coining of the term "Illbient" in 1994.
Bellson was an internationally acclaimed artist who performed in most of the major capitals around the world.
She has won four Grammy Awards and was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame and the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame for her songwriting.
Her records sales were estimated at more than 75 million copies worldwide.
Most of the members went on to form power metal band DragonHeart, which later became known as DragonForce.
Based in New York for 13 years, Byrne currently resides in San Francisco and performs solo or with various bands on both coasts.
Although now focused primarily on spoken word, he has continued as a musician in numerous collaborations.
The ninth album by Manic Street Preachers, Journal for Plague Lovers, released on 18 May 2009, is composed entirely of lyrics left behind by Edwards.
And you fellers can't never play blues worth a damn".
His co-writing partners include Matraca Berg, Chuck Cannon, Merrill Farnsworth, Cindy Morgan, Wayne Kirkpatrick, Gordon Kennedy, Keb' Mo', and Emmylou Harris.
Page Hamilton is an American guitarist, singer, songwriter and record producer, mostly noted for his work with alternative metal band Helmet.
Nikki Webster is an Australian pop singer and actress.
He has also taught Cello at Maine Fiddle Camp at camp NEOFA, at Valley of the Moon, Big Sur Fiddle Camp, and Rocky Mountain Fiddle Camp.
Will Wheaton, born Willie Mack Wheaton, Jr. is an American singer, songwriter and musician.
Yokota was well known in the English-speaking independent music scene for his albums of experimental ambient music.
Cena signed a developmental contract with the World Wrestling Federation in 2001, debuting on the WWE main roster in 2002.
Michael Geoffrey "Mick" Ralphs is an English guitarist and songwriter, who was a founding member of rock bands Mott the Hoople and Bad Company.
Internationally, he is most known as the current bass guitarist, male vocalist and secondary composer to Tuomas Holopainen, of the symphonic metal band Nightwish.
Rainey was known for her powerful vocal abilities, energetic disposition, majestic phrasing, and a "moaning" style of singing.
He generally performed as a one-man band, playing guitar and drums at the same time.
There he opened the MoonDog recording studio and helped start the D'Ville Record Group label.
He has also been the lead singer of the David Bowie tribute band the Cybernauts and the Mott the Hoople cover band Down 'n' Outz.
Robert Thomas Velline, known professionally as Bobby Vee, was an American rock and roll and pop singer who was a teen idol in the early 1960s.
Sheard is in talks to play Kitty Parham in Aretha Franklin's upcoming biopic.
He made his solo debut with the album Future Listening!
In 2004, Trewavas co-founded another group called Kino, with John Mitchell, John Beck and Chris Maitland.
Williams composed the score for eight movies in the Top 20 highest-grossing films at the U.S. box office.
She performed numerous local live shows to promote the album, and toured with artists such as John Mayer.
Crouch was noted for his talent of incorporating contemporary secular music styles into the gospel music he grew up with.
Ryan Gary Raddon, better known by his stage name Kaskade, is an American DJ, record producer and remixer.
His musical activities include membership in several different bands, all based in Tokyo, where he resides.
In 2009, he won the Left Field Woodie award at the mtvU Woodie Awards.
Holland also composed songs for the First Wives Club musical.
Lauri Ylönen is a Finnish singer-songwriter, best known as the frontman of the Finnish alternative rock band The Rasmus.
His teaching studio, 'ThePractice', is co-founded with New Zealand-born drummer James Cooper of The Slips and located in Sydney's Central Business District.
No Vans Mary by Shameless Seamus was released in 2010.
In the 1960s, Melcher was acquainted with the Beach Boys, helping connect Brian Wilson to Smile lyricist Van Dyke Parks.
After publishing an advertisement in The Recycler, Ulrich met vocalist/guitarist James Hetfield and formed Metallica.
Michelle Wright is a Canadian country music artist.
He has performed in Eric Clapton's Crossroads Guitar Festival since its inception in 2004, most recently in April 2013 at Madison Square Garden with Los Lobos.
Reports are Ty Longley died helping save others.
Day and Gil first performed this song in Pasadena, California's New Year's Day Rose Parade.
He has toured internationally and produced fourteen regular albums in a career that spans four decades.
Marco Francesco Andrea Pirroni is an English guitarist, songwriter and record producer.
He has served as the UN Goodwill Ambassador for HIV/AIDS Programme towards spreading awareness about HIV in South Asia.
Dale Hyatt was an American salesman and marketing person who was a longtime associate of Leo Fender and George Fullerton.
Rubin was a graduate of the Juilliard School of Music in New York.
His greatest hits were those as Jam & Spoon and "Kaleidoscope skies").
Cagle retired from country music in 2015.
Paul McCartney claimed that "if there were no Carl Perkins, there would be no Beatles."
Harris's move to New York City in 1978 quickly established him in the forefront of young trombonists, including Ray Anderson, George Lewis and Joseph Bowie.
Anthony was a favourite of Sinatra's, who once said " This guy sounds more like me than me."
As a compromise, Love Is Hell was released as two EPs and eventually released in its full-length state in 2004.
Drake suffered from major depression, and this was often reflected in his lyrics.
Draiman is known for his distorted voice and percussive singing style.
His musical career began in 1950 with the Eric Dean's All-Stars where he performed jazz.
During the 1920s Straight worked with Roy Bargy on the latter's eight Piano Syncopations.
Her debut album, Some Hearts, was released in 2005.
He was also the band's original vocalist from 1989 to late 1992.
Gordon's height was 6 feet 6 inches, so he was also known as "Long Tall Dexter" and "Sophisticated Giant".
She was also a member of Mad Romance vocal quartet from 1983–1989.
He is the brother of bassist Percy Heath and drummer Albert Heath.
Rita Lee is a Brazilian rock singer and composer.
He has pushed hard for a reunion album with his group, and helped to release a 'greatest hits' album.
He is best known in France for his live performances – four of his albums were recorded live.
The single "No Stress", featuring vocals by Éric Carter, was #1 on the French SNEP Singles Chart.
In 2012 Czech tabloid newspaper released photo of Landa giving a nazi salute alongside with other famous Czech singer Lucie Bila.
Oakey has been lead singer of The Human League for over 30 years, with whom he has sold more than 20 million records worldwide.
Dave Bjerregaard Ingram is a death metal vocalist from Birmingham, England.
During a period in Australia in the 1990s, Vulakoro performed with Australian rock singer Jimmy Barnes.
In 2012 she made a similar trip to Kenya on behalf of the Interfaith Hunger Initiative.
He was a prolific jazz and orchestra composer.
Amongst Zelter's pupils were Felix Mendelssohn, Fanny Mendelssohn, Giacomo Meyerbeer, Eduard Grell, Otto Nicolai, Johann Friedrich Naue, and Heinrich Dorn.
Benjamin Montmorency "Benmont" Tench III is an American keyboardist best known as a founding member of Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers.
In 2012, he was named "Songwriter of the Nineties" by Tom Robinson for BBC Radio 6 Music.
In the late 1990s, she settled into a solo recording career, working largely with musicians connected to the Boston music scene.
She left in 1982 with their manager and producer Nicky Ryan to pursue a solo career, with Ryan's wife Roma Ryan as her lyricist.
His notoriety among underground circles was launched once Nirvana's Kurt Cobain began wearing a T-shirt that featured artwork from the album Hi, How Are You.
Indeed, Dizzy Gillespie had once claimed Mingus reminded him "of a young Duke", citing their shared "organizational genius".
Bobo Chan Man-Woon is a former Hong Kong singer and model.
Haruomi Hosono, sometimes credited as Harry Hosono, is a Japanese musician, singer, songwriter and record producer.
On 17 April 2011, Hayes signed with Mercury Records' Australian division and in August 2011 with EMI Records in the UK.
2013, with his pal Terry Wall and Joel Williams.
Durst directed a second film, The Longshots, in 2008.
From 2008 to 2011, Gibb was President of the Heritage Foundation, honouring figures in British culture.
Eastwood is the grandson of Ellinor Hall Smyth, sister to British composer Dame Ethel Smyth.
She is the Director and Founder of "The Ramp," a youth ministry located in the city of Hamilton, Alabama.
Diam's is a French-language rap artist of French and Greek Cypriot origin.
Murphy has sold over 500,000 records according to the RIAA.
Horne died of congestive heart failure on May 9, 2010, at the age of 92.
Jason & the Scorchers had several minor hits, including "Golden Ball and Chain" and a rock version of Bob Dylan's "Absolutely Sweet Marie."
A noted songwriter, his credits included Dream Sonata, Chango and Piano Portraits.
In 1986, she scored her first Billboard Hot 100 No.
His 62 weeks on the UK Singles Chart through 1984 and 1985 beat all other solo artists.
He has been with the band ever since.
Gladys Maria Knight, known as the "Empress of Soul", is an American singer–songwriter and actress.
He and the rest of Three 6 Mafia are known as the originators of the crunk style of music.
Pierre Bachelet was a French singer-songwriter with a gentle romantic voice.
Guthrie died from complications of Huntington's disease.
On 27 August 2009, Young was inducted into the Australian Recording Industry Association Hall of Fame.
He is credited with making Bhangra popular worldwide, and setting up a parallel non-film music industry to the pre-Daler era’s then existent Bollywood music.
In 2011, she released her instrumental album A Night at Salle Pleyel.
This led to an uprising of new sounds in popular music during the administration of President Salvador Allende.
The Album sold poorly at first, but reached Gold Record after 25 years, following the success of Robas' next Albums.
He was also known for rapping the theme song for the late 1990s Nickelodeon series Kenan & Kel.
He was part of the blackened power metal band Demoniac, which also featured his future DragonForce bandmate Herman Li.
He played with the Ray Brown Trio and then led his own groups, recording mostly on Concord Records, until his death from kidney failure in 2000.
George N. Christy was one of the leading blackface performers during the early years of the blackface minstrel show in the 1840s.
As I grow and get more confident in who I am and my sobriety it’s like, 'Oh yeah, Gene Ween.'
In the meantime he was determined to gain back some of his popularity.
1 on the country charts "Why Don't We Just Dance" and another number one in "All Over Me".
Politically, Biafra is a member of the Green Party of the United States and actively supports various political causes.
He was born in Glasgow and came to prominence in London in the 1960s, as an acoustic guitarist, as well as a singer-songwriter.
Her album was certified Gold by the RIAA.
The peak of his fame was during the 1970s to 1990s.
Malcolm B. Wiseman, better known as Mac Wiseman, is an American bluegrass singer, nicknamed The Voice with a Heart.
Alan Silva is an American free jazz double bassist and keyboard player.
Frampton is known for his work as a guitar player and particularly with a Talkbox and his tenor voice.
She is best known as the lead vocalist of the new wave/synthpop band Berlin.
He has received twenty-one nominations for Grammy Awards and won three.
Emppu is primarily a rhythm player, often supporting the keyboard or orchestral parts of Nightwish songs.
He is married to Norwegian singer Susanna Wallumrød.
He was born in Jenks, Oklahoma, a suburb of Tulsa.
Zalman "Zal" Yanovsky was a Canadian rock musician.
At 18 he reached the rank of kengyo, the highest rank for a koto performer.
Robert Edward "Bob" Brookmeyer was an American jazz valve trombonist, pianist, arranger, and composer.
He is well known for organizing and financing historic recording sessions with Tommy Ladnier and Sidney Bechet.
Deborah Ann Conway, is an Australian rock singer-songwriter and guitarist, and had a career as a model and actress.
Dionne Yvette Farris is an American, singer, songwriter, producer and actress.
Modern Drummer has characterised him as a "drumming great".
Matheos also plays in OSI alongside Kevin Moore, as well as making other appearances with many different bands and artists.
In 1993 the new music group Newband recorded his composition FREEZE for the Mode recording label.
She competed in the Eurovision Song Contest 2000 in which she came in second place giving her recognition across Europe.
David Scott Mustaine is an American musician, singer, songwriter, actor and author.
Alexi Murdoch is a British musician and songwriter, currently living in Berlin.
Her music style could be described as pop.
In recognition of his services to the music industry and popular culture, he was made a Knight Bachelor in 1996.
He has performed over 3,300 concerts, published eight books of poems and an autobiography and released over forty recordings.
Up to the present time, he has given over 25,000 concerts worldwide.
He is currently a member of the group Metafive.
After a "farewell tour", Moore has continued as a solo artist, releasing eight more records between 1999 and 2015.
In 2007 Hines recorded a successful Jazz album with Australian Jazz artist, James Morrison.
Eric Matthew Stefani is an American musician, composer, writer, and animator best known as the founder and former member of the ska punk band No Doubt.
Steven Jay Page is a Canadian musician.
Former Sniffin' Glue and NME journalist Danny Baker and Big George are widely reported as having called Banks "The architect of progressive music".
Kyle Eastwood is an American jazz bass musician.
He has not been active in the music industry since this time.
He taught himself to play by matching his fingers to the notes played on a neighborhood player piano.
The group was created and managed by their father, Buster Pearson, in 1983.
Deacon John Moore better known as Deacon John is a blues, rhythm and blues and rock and roll musician, singer, actor, and bandleader.
She made her official solo debut in 1999 with the single "As Time Goes By", which sold 800,000 copies in Japan.
Robert William Gary Moore was a Northern Irish musician, most widely recognised as a singer, songwriter, and virtuoso rock and blues guitarist.
On August 28, 2009 he was found dead in his New York City apartment from a drug overdose.
Gowan has been both a solo artist and the current lead vocalist and keyboardist of the band Styx since May 1999.
Since 2005, he has been organizing an unofficial celebration of the Victory Day in his birthplace of Čavoglave.
He has since recovered and is quoted saying "Humans are designed to deal with trauma of a physical and emotional kind.
He was made Master of the King's Music by Charles II in 1674.
His works are generally extremely clear and communicative, with a solid and muscular sense of harmony.
Elmer Figueroa Arce, better known under the stage name Chayanne, is a Puerto Rican Latin pop singer, actor and composer.
Fate Marable was an American jazz pianist and bandleader.
Hatley wrote many of the musical cues appearing in the Our Gang, Laurel and Hardy, and Charley Chase films.
Hank Roberts is an American jazz cellist and vocalist.
He is a consistent advocate for amateurism and free emotional expression.
She died June 3, 1958 in New York.
Fallout’s earliest recordings trace back to the Termini Soundscape sessions from the late 1970s.
During World War II he was Aide-de-Camp to his father who was Governor of Gibraltar.
A tenor with a four octave vocal range, he was nicknamed "Mr.
A month after the release of So Amazin', Milian's representative confirmed that she had left Island Records due to creative differences.
In 1993 she performed another duet with Elton John for his Duets album, a cover version of Cole Porter's "True Love", which reached No.
Rahsaan Roland Kirk was an American jazz multi-instrumentalist who played tenor saxophone, flute, and many other instruments.
His music is "an experience that is not aimed at titillating the senses, but to seize the soul".
The band's first studio album, Point #1, was released on a small record label called Squint Entertainment.
Stephen Brian Street is an English music producer best known for his work with The Smiths, The Cranberries and Blur.
Lucas died on 4 February 1989 of a heart attack in his sleep, in Sydney, aged 45.
His final top-charting hit was "Albany", which scored No.
She has sold more than 1,000,000 records since 2002.
He was inducted into the Down Beat Hall of Fame in 1980 and the Modern Drummer Hall of Fame in 1992.
She appeared at the Woodstock festival and the Festival Express train tour.
Méndez has been a member of several other bands, including Fifth to Infinity, Proxima and Vinterkrig.
Ajemian's career in contemporary music got its impetus from the desire to help young composers of her generation have their compositions performed.
He has two children and is married to Jennifer Abeyta.
He won for composing the song "Al Otro Lado del Río" from The Motorcycle Diaries.
In 1968, he directed the first Toronto Festival of Arts and Technology entitled SightSoundSystems and founded and edited a new music publication series, Canavangard.
Initially, Lynch performed as a lutenist with The Renaissance Quartet in New York City.
Alain Bashung was a French singer, songwriter and actor.
Gilles Vigneault, GOQ is a Quebecois poet, publisher and singer-songwriter, and Quebec nationalist and sovereigntist.
He specializes in vocals, guitar and barrels, and is a leading member of the Norwegian band Kaizers Orchestra.
If you close your eyes you will be convinced that you are listening to Otis Redding singing in 1967…tremendous."
He first fronted the band Data Clan, which eventually became Love/Hate.
Douglas Arthur "Doug" Wimbish is an American bass player, primarily known for being a member of rock band Living Colour and funk/dub/hip hop collective Tackhead.
He represented Ireland in the Eurovision Song Contest in 2003 with the song "We've Got the World".
Edwards decided to shorten her name to Skye by taking the first letter of each of her names and putting them together.
Margaret Leslie "Molly" Johnson, OC is a Canadian Juno Award-winning singer-songwriter of pop and jazz.
Közi is a Japanese musician and singer-songwriter.
He is best known as the main act of 4 Strings.
He is widely considered to be the greatest drummer in music history.
He released his first single, "Frontin'", in 2003 and followed up with his debut solo album, In My Mind in 2006.
Alexander "Sandy" Bull was an American folk musician and composer.
Recent recordings include Billy Joel's live CD 12 Gardens Live and the 2007 Joel-penned single, "Christmas in Fallujah", exclusive to iTunes.
Her performance with Madonna at the Live Earth 2007 concert in London was their final professional collaboration to date.
His songs are played and known throughout the world.
Michael James Romeo is an American guitarist and a founding member of the progressive metal group Symphony X.
Levert was also a member of LSG, a supergroup comprising Keith Sweat, Johnny Gill, and himself.
Bono is widely known for his activism for social justice causes, both through U2 and as an individual.
She is the granddaughter of anaesthesiology pioneer Philip H. Sechzer.
They include the song "Navak", which is his most famous children's song.
Junkie XL is probably best known for his remix of Elvis Presley's "A Little Less Conversation", which became a worldwide hit in 2002.
Garry George "Jellybean" Johnson, is an American drummer, guitarist, songwriter, producer and musician based out of Minneapolis, Minnesota.
Araya is ranked fifty-eighth by Hit Parader on their list of the 100 Greatest Metal Vocalists of All Time.
Since leaving UFO in 1978, he has been leading the Michael Schenker Group in various incarnations.
She has choreographed and danced for various dance artist such as C&C Music Factory, Soul System, Jay Williams, and Deee-Lite.
James Hugh Loden, known professionally as Sonny James, was an American country music singer and songwriter best known for his 1957 hit, "Young Love".
His second marriage ended in divorce in 1968; he married fellow country music singer Tammy Wynette a year later.
Jason D. Harrow, better known by his stage name Kardinal Offishall , is a Canadian rapper, record producer, and record executive.
Steven "Stef" Bos is a Dutch singer who has been living in Cape Town, South Africa.
He made several recordings for HMV and Columbia Records, including complete recordings of the operas La boheme, Pagliacci, and Madama Butterfly.
Boris later became a rock singer-songwriter, but he split abruptly with his father at the age of 19.
Anderson plays several other musical instruments, including keyboards, bass guitar, bouzouki, balalaika, saxophone, harmonica, and a variety of whistles.
Arsenije "Arsen" Dedić was a Croatian singer-songwriter, one of the most prominent Serbs from Dalmatia.
Glen Benton is an American death metal musician.
With artist Stanley Donwood, he creates artwork for Radiohead albums.
With Underground Resistance, he released the singles "Nocturbulous Behavior" and "Dark Energy".
She also released a cover version of "Ring My Bell" as a single, though it did not receive much exposure.
She is a three-time Grammy Award-winning singer-songwriter, as well as a Tony Award-winning stage actress.
Dónal Lunny is the brother of musician and producer Manus Lunny.
Charles Eugene "Pat" Boone is an American singer, composer, actor, writer, television personality, motivational speaker, and spokesman.
Rao has also worked in composition for film scores.
Ioannidis rarely appears to give interviews or take part in television shows.
George Roger Waters is an English singer, songwriter, bassist, and composer.
At the age of 17, she was briefly a member of the English girl group that would go on to become the Spice Girls.
Samantha Tamania Anne Cecilia Mumba is an Irish singer and actress.
He highlighted this in his music for films such as Prem Geet, Arth and Saath Saath, and TV serials Mirza Ghalib and Kahkashan.
She has been called the "Celine Dion of Country Music" when she was recognized for her soprano singing range.
John Townes Van Zandt, best known as Townes Van Zandt, was an American singer songwriter.
Rachel Sweet Palmer is an American singer, television writer and actress.
He followed it in 2002 with American Child, Shaken Not Stirred in 2004, and finally Greatest Hits, Vol.
The Bangor Daily News recognized him as one of the 58 most memorable Mainers of the 20th Century.
She is the daughter of Erik Kjellberg and the great-great-granddaughter of Russian writer Leo Tolstoy.
William Lee "Billy" Currie is an English violist, violinist, pianist, keyboardist, and songwriter.
He died in Buenos Aires in 1964.
In 1965, he co-founded the progressive rock band Pink Floyd with drummer Nick Mason, keyboardist Rick Wright, and guitarist, singer, and songwriter Syd Barrett.
In the 1950s he recorded with the Miles Davis nonet, Earl Hines, Count Basie, Johnny Hodges, Thelonious Monk, George Shearing, Cal Tjader, Herbie Nichols and Hawkins.
Paschalis Terzis is a popular Greek singer.
In 1991, Hyatt produced and released the band's second album, Vital Signs 2, distributed by the EMI Studios Pakistan, though it had mixed reviews.
She is known for her powerful, husky voice, and poetic and somewhat obscure lyrics.
Hurby "Luv Bug" Azor, also known as Fingerprints, is a Haitian musician and hip-hop music producer.
Otto Abels Harbach, born Otto Abels Hauerbach was an American lyricist and librettist of about 50 musical comedies.
In 1999, his brother James Slovak published a book entitled Behind the Sun: The Diary and Art of Hillel Slovak, which features Slovak's diaries and paintings.
Noll has received six ARIA Music Award nominations, including Best Pop Release for his second album Lift, and has won five ARIA No.
Jim McNeely is a Grammy award-winning jazz pianist, composer, and arranger.
Peaking at number one in 11 countries, it became Europe's second biggest selling album of the year.
William James Dixon was an American blues musician, vocalist, songwriter, arranger and record producer.
Palmer played on many recordings, including Little Richard's first several albums and many other well-known rock-and-roll records.
After moving to New York City in 1963, Tchicai joined Archie Shepp's New York Contemporary Five and the New York Art Quartet.
Boniface Ferdinand Leonard "Buddy" DeFranco was an American jazz clarinet player.
Her first album, Ofrenda, was released in 1994.
and is an Adjunct Professor for QUT.
She costarred in his play Jericho-Jim Crow in 1964.
Peter Joseph "Pete" Yorn is an American singer, songwriter, and musician.
He was also a two-time Grammy Hall of Fame inductee.
Her albums have also sold well in Sweden, Denmark and Japan.
Graham Bonnet is an English rock singer and songwriter.
Joʻrayev has won dozens of awards and nominations, including the title People's Artist of the Uzbek SSR.
She has also been a guest performer at the C3 anime convention in Hong Kong.
In 2009, Lee started the death metal band Bone Gnawer, with Rogga Johansson, Morgan Lie, and Ronnie Bjornstrom.
His first band was Wilbur de Paris and his Cottonpickers.
Earl Hudson is the drummer for Bad Brains, Born in Alabama, he is the younger brother of the band's lead singer H.R..
The same year, producer Paul Oakenfold recorded the Kelli Ali penned song "Faster Kill Pussycat" with actress Brittany Murphy, which remained Murphy's only single release.
Having initiated the band's embracing of transcendental meditation in 1967, he subsequently developed an association with the Hare Krishna movement.
He is known for producing music generally in the electronic genre, with strong influences of dub, and free improvisation styles.
After residing in Austin, Texas for 23 years, she has now returned to her hometown of Woodstock, New York.
Etterlene "Bunny" DeBarge is an American soul singer–songwriter, best known as the lone female sibling of the Motown family group DeBarge.
He is known for writing songs about vehicles, rural life, down-and-out characters, lost love and quirky rural folk.
He received an honorary Doctor of Laws degree in 1979 and the Companion of the Order of Canada—Canada's highest civilian honour—in 2003.
Carl Edward Gardner was an American singer, best known as the foremost member and founder of The Coasters.
In 2001, she was a singer, guitarist and songwriter for The Beards, a superpop side project composed of Shattuck, Lisa Marr, and Sherri Solinger.
He eventually succumbed to a number of problems including bipolar disorder and alcoholism, and committed suicide in 1976.
He sang lead vocals on several of their best known songs, including "Just What I Needed", "Let's Go" and "Drive".
Glenn Monroig, is a composer, guitarist, and singer of various types of music styles, such as salsa, boleros and rumba.
As an original group member, Bill Pinkney was a 1988 inductee into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame with The Drifters .
She is credited as Mitsou Gélinas when acting, but records simply as Mitsou.
Billboard 200 chart, and starred in the feature films The Marine, 12 Rounds, Legendary, The Reunion, Trainwreck, and Sisters.
In the 1980s, he had a three-month stint on the daytime soap General Hospital and acted on Broadway and in the West End of London.
David Van Cortlandt Crosby is an American singer-songwriter and guitarist.
The music was played by folk-rock group Magnet using a combination of traditional and modern instrumentation; some parts of the soundtrack were augmented by brass instruments.
In 1980, Paycheck appeared on the PBS music program Austin City Limits.
Richard Michael Patrick is an American musician.
Uematsu, a self-taught musician, began playing the piano at the age of twelve, with English singer-songwriter Elton John as his biggest influence.
His last recording took place on his 64th birthday, one month before his death, with singer Frenchie Moe.
Dennis Coles, better known by his stage name Ghostface Killah, is an American rapper and prominent member of the Wu-Tang Clan.
As a drummer he endorses Ludwig drums, Paiste cymbals, Evans heads and Promark sticks.
Brent Mydland was an American keyboardist and vocalist, best known for being in the rock band the Grateful Dead from 1979 to 1990.
Ryland has toured and/or recorded with Kris Allen, Maroon 5, The Summer Obsession, The Elected, Start Trouble, Phantom Planet, Free Moral Agents, Suburban Legends, Audiovent, Mt.
Vigneault is a Grand Officer of the National Order of Quebec, Knight of the Legion of Honour, Officer of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres.
He was fired in 1979, by Aerosmith's managers Steve Leber and David Krebs.
Timothy Charles "Tim" Buckley III was an American singer-songwriter and guitarist.
Several of Rudd's songs incorporate socially conscious themes, such as spirituality, humanity, environmentalism and the rights of Aboriginal peoples.
"Somebody Like You", the first single from his second Capitol album, Golden Road, was named by Billboard as the biggest country hit of the 2000s decade.
He released the solo album Ai no Wakusei in 2004 and was also a member of Schwein alongside Hisashi Imai, Sascha Konietzko and Raymond Watts.
Jamelia Niela Davis is a British recording artist, television presenter and actress.
Along with Ed Robertson, he was a founding member, lead singer, guitarist, and a primary songwriter of the music group Barenaked Ladies.
During his 50 years in show business, Campbell released more than 70 albums.
He was the principal flautist of a number of London orchestras including the Boyd Neel Orchestra before joining the Philharmonia Orchestra.
Turunen studied singing at Sibelius Academy and Hochschule für Musik Karlsruhe.
She sang at Hawaii's official statehood ceremony in 1959 and was reportedly asked for a private audience by Pope Pius XII.
Jason Mark Everman is an American musician, who played with Nirvana, Soundgarden and OLD.
He has also been a guest vocalist for the Italian British group Planet Funk.
In the 1960s, he joined Blues Incorporated, where he met bassist Jack Bruce.
Nödtveidt was convicted of being an accessory to the 1997 murder of Josef ben Meddour, an Algerian gay man.
Pete Candoli was an American jazz trumpeter and the brother of trumpeter Conte Candoli.
His playing became one of the identifying voices of the Ellington orchestra.
Adewale Ayuba, commonly known as Mr. Johnson, is a Nigerian singer known for singing Fuji music.
He composed over 550 musical works before he died unexpectedly at age 38.
He was also in Diabolique before he joined in Flames in 1998 to fill the position created when Björn Gelotte moved from drums to guitars.
He is ranked 59th in Rolling Stone magazine’s list of the 100 greatest guitarists.
... His wild side masked an underside that was, by turns, brooding, self-loathing, sensitive, and anxious."
It was founded in May 1991 by Bavarian disc jockey Rudolf "Rudy" Ratzinger.
Bryan Lee is an American blues guitarist and singer based in New Orleans, Louisiana.
His 1956 top ten hit with his Blue Caps, "Be-Bop-A-Lula", is considered a significant early example of rockabilly.
11 on the Japan Oricon Albums Chart.
Francis John "Frank" Tovey, known also by his stage name Fad Gadget, was a British avant-garde electronic musician and vocalist.
In 1990, she became the first American country performer to sign a recording contract with Sony Music Japan.
Top 9: Idols' Choice – Love the One You're With by Luther Vandross
In a music career spanning more than 30 years, O'Neal is an accomplished R&B and soul singer.
His prison sentence deeply traumatized Kozin, leading to the cessation of his singing career.
He teaches guitar in San Antonio, TX and is a member of local Rush tribute band Exit Stage Left.
Del Tredici is considered a pioneer of the Neo-Romantic movement.
Jeffrey Linton Osborne is an American musician, singer-songwriter, lyricist and lead singer of the band, LTD.
Chanté was given a star on the Brampton Walk of Fame for her achievements in Canadian Music & Film.
Most have been recorded with Jan Erik Kongshaug as sound engineer.
His grandfather, Bud Tutmarc, was a well-known Hawaiian steel guitar player.
He played celeste for the Association's No.
In 1961, Reggiani co-starred with Paul Newman and Sidney Poitier in the film Paris Blues filmed on location in Paris.
Gianfranco Randone, known as Jeffrey Jey, is an Italian singer-songwriter, best known as the lead singer of the group Eiffel 65.
James Samuel "Jimmy Jam" Harris III and Terry Steven Lewis are an American R&B songwriting and record production team.
Adkins made his debut in 1996 with the album Dreamin' Out Loud, released on Capitol Records Nashville.
From 1934 to 1953, Autry appeared in 93 films and 91 episodes of The Gene Autry Show television series.
She has recorded songs in multiple languages such as Persian, Azerbaijani, Turkish, English.
Vin Gordon is a Jamaican trombone player.
He grew up on Skanderbeg's Street in Dorćol.
Spitz was born in the Forest Hills neighborhood in the borough of Queens in New York City.
He is widely regarded as one of Sweden's most respected musicians and the foremost troubadour of the Swedish ballad tradition in the 20th century.
He also self-produced Our Lady Peace's seventh studio album, Burn Burn, in 2009.
Dom Pachino is a rapper of Puerto Rican descent.
Van Buuren has won a number of accolades.
He has been the lead vocalist with the hard rock band Rose Tattoo since 1976.
Leonard Zhakata used to sneak from home and play music with his primary school mates.
As a youngster, De Groote toured South Africa performing trios with his father on violin and brother on cello.
Sevara Nazarkhan is an Uzbek singer, songwriter, and musician.
Although it derived in many respects from the Franco-Belgian school, his style is nonetheless reminiscent of the gemütlich lifestyle of pre-war Vienna.
Her recorded songs include "Hard Luck Blues" and "Poor Me Blues".
His live performance fees plummeted from $10,000 per night to $250.
Lila Elaine McCann is an American country music singer who made her debut at age sixteen with the single "Down Came a Blackbird."
Holger Czukay is a German musician, probably best known as a co-founder of the krautrock group Can.
It is widely believed that this contributes to his distinctive sound.
His solo albums have met no success, failing to chart anywhere, while his only single to chart was "Motor Bikin'".
Zilber is the Director of Jazz and Popular Music at Los Medanos College in Pittsburg, California.
Rollini is also known for introducing the goofus in jazz music.
She is also a cartoon animator, including a stint as a principal animator for the Ren and Stimpy show.
Shaver's 1973 album Old Five and Dimers Like Me is a classic in the outlaw country genre.
Haynes also is known for his associations with the surviving members of the Grateful Dead, including touring with Phil Lesh and Friends and The Dead.
He is among the most influential personalities in North Indian tradition of Indian classical music, called Hindustani.
Sherwood has created a distinctive production style based on the application of dub effects and dub mixing techniques to EDM tracks as well as mainstream songs.
At the same place, Benjamin Diamond says that he found it "very difficult to go back to my own style of music after Stardust".
The 1996 film The Bruce features Browne's rendition of the Williamson-penned Flower of Scotland at the end.
He played keyboards on all of the bands' albums and tours, and helped with the writing and arranging.
In 2009, Sorbara was featured on The Henrys album Is This Tomorrow singing on the track "Chair by the Window".
He was one of the founding members of The Pogues.
Despite the enormous commercial success of Middle of Nowhere, the band suffered from the merger that eliminated their label, Mercury Records .
He is the former singer for Kid Dynamite and singer and guitarist for LaGrecia.
She is the mother of singers Rufus Wainwright and Martha Wainwright from her marriage to American singer-songwriter Loudon Wainwright III, which ended in divorce.
He currently plays bass in a Metallica tribute band called Metallica Cover Brazil, and guitar on The Southern Blacklist.
She also has built a reputation for championing contemporary music.
Since the late 1960s, he has worked with an array of performers.
With the rise of Detroit's second wave in the early 1990s, Pennington became a mentor for Mike Banks and the Underground Resistance crew.
A veteran of two critically acclaimed music groups, Uncle Tupelo and Son Volt, he began his solo music career in 2001.
Soon afterwards, he signed a recording contract with Liberty Records.
Krusen was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of Pearl Jam on April 7, 2017.
He went on to pursue a solo career shortly after in 1997, and signed with the Future Shock record label.
He won a Grammy Award in 2001 for Best Remixer.
Joe Pass was an American virtuoso jazz guitarist of Sicilian descent.
Bruce Douglas Foxton is an English singer, songwriter, composer and musician.
She also had roles in several films, including Federico Fellini's La Dolce Vita and Andy Warhol's Chelsea Girls.
In recent years he has released solo recordings.
Susmit Sen is an Indian guitarist formerly part of Indian Ocean, an Indian fusion rock band, which he co-founded with lead vocalist Asheem Chakravarty in 1990.
After a short courtship, the two were married in a small ceremony on March 20, 2010 at Eugenio's in Portland.
His work is represented in private and public institutions and museums worldwide, among them The Norwegian State Archives, Bibliothèque Nationale de France, and others.
William Howie, Baron Howie of Troon, British politician
He represented Serbia and Montenegro in the 2004 Eurovision Song Contest with the song "Lane moje", placing second.
Luka Bloom is an Irish folk singer-songwriter.
In 1944, he resumed his music career and performed with notable jazz musicians such as Charlie Parker, Dizzy Gillespie and Dodo Marmarosa.
He was awarded the Prix de Rome in 1955.
In 2000, he played drums on the song "Meat", from Tony Iommi's self-titled solo album.
Mohammad Sabir Baburaj, also known as M. S. Baburaj, was a Malayalam music composer.
She also sings on the People Are Wrong!
Note: For the African American civil rights activist, see Ella Baker.
Mason Jennings is an American folk-pop singer-songwriter.
I never really took a lot of lessons or studied.
Cerati died on 4 September 2014 at the age of 55, after suffering a stroke four years earlier in Caracas, Venezuela which resulted in a coma.
Scott William Matthew is a singer-songwriter born in Queensland, Australia.
She sings in many languages, including French, Breton, English and Irish.
He has also worked with, and performed tributes to many others, including Lionel Hampton, Duke Ellington, Stéphane Grappelli, Django Reinhardt, and Oscar Peterson.
The band changed their name again in 1990, this time to Leyers, Michiels, and SoulSister, and released Heat.
Mary MacGregor is an American singer, best known for singing the 1976 song "Torn Between Two Lovers", which topped the Billboard charts for two weeks.
Ferron, born Deborah Foisy on 1 June 1952 , is a Canadian-born singer-songwriter and poet.
Odadjian is also credited with the musical scoring of the film, alongside The Rza and Hans Zimmer.
A mild stroke suffered during a concert in 1998 interrupted his career for a brief time.
Louis Marshall Jones, known professionally as Grandpa Jones, was an American banjo player and "old time" country and gospel music singer.
Santos Neto teaches at Seattle's Cornish College of the Arts and is a frequent teacher at Jazz Camp West.
Liv Kristine Espenæs, better known as Liv Kristine, is a singer/songwriter who has performed and composed songs mostly for various subgenres of heavy metal music.
He was born on June 20, 1962.
Paul Lorin Kantner was an American rock musician.
He performed in Paris with his orchestra in 1925, and a success among local audiences, he remained in Europe for a decade.
She was born in the New York borough of The Bronx.
In 1995 he teamed up with Rollo to remix the U2 classic "Numb"; the remix was titled "Numb."
Giriraja Kavi was a noted composer of Carnatic music, who lived in the 18th century in the kingdom of Thanjavur.
He is one of the three surviving members of the Ramones, along with two of their drummers Marky Ramone and Richie Ramone.
Dani Filth is the lyricist, vocalist and founding member of the metal band Cradle of Filth.
Surjit is considered to have one of the greatest voices in the history of Bhangra.
He sings and plays guitar, bass and keyboards.
Peter Tork is an American musician and actor, best known as the keyboardist and bass guitarist of the Monkees.
Toogood and Larkin met as teenage fans of AC/DC and Metallica.
Gibbons has worked with Roger Chapman, Sweet, Suzi Quatro, Ian Hunter from 1989 onwards and returned to The Kinks in 1993.
Live have sold over 20 million records, including the 8x platinum album Throwing Copper.
INOJ released a new single "My Love For You" on July 15, 2016 and was her first single release in 2016.
In Joseph Doane's Musical directory for the year 1794, the founding of the Academy is discussed; on page 76, Doane states that:
Growing up, Elling sang in choirs and played various musical instruments, but was not exposed to jazz until he attended Gustavus Adolphus College.
She starred in 1967 as Catwoman, in the third and final season of the television series Batman.
Jonas Hellborg is a Swedish bass guitarist.
Stephen "Stef" Carpenter is an American musician, known as the co-founder and lead guitarist of the rock band Deftones.
With Masters At Work, she went to #1 on the Hot Dance Music/Club Play chart in 1993 with "Gonna Get Back to You".
His first taste of musical notoriety occurred while playing with the Psalms.
Thomas Lee Bass, best known as Tommy Lee, is a Greek-American musician and founding member of the heavy metal band Mötley Crüe.
In 2013, she was named Instrumentalist of the Year by Musical America, becoming the first performer of a non-Western instrument to receive this award.
Joey DeMaio is an American bass player and main songwriter for the heavy metal band Manowar which he founded in 1980.
Triinu Kivilaan is an Estonian vocalist and former model, best known as a former member of the popular girl group Vanilla Ninja.
She was known for her vocal delivery and improvisational skills, which made up for her limited range and lack of formal music education.
The album produced three singles, one of which reached the top ten in the UK.
He released the hits "Sobani Iruyo" and "Try Boy, Try Girl".
French jazz critic Hugues Panassié rated him second only to Louis Armstrong.
He also has a side-project rock band called Drummer.
Her musical style is eclectic and often blends elements of post-punk, Afrobeat, art rock, classical, new-wave and electronic.
Hal Russell was an American free jazz composer, band leader and mult-instrumentalist who performed mainly on saxophone and drums but occasionally on trumpet or vibraphone.
Marciano Cantero is an Argentine singer and musician.
Morris married first, in 1954, Joy Hazelrigg of Kentucky and they had a daughter, Emily.
William Matthew "Billy" Currington is an American country music singer and songwriter, signed to Mercury Nashville Records in 2003.
In the fall of 2011, he developed the "Go Natural" tour partnering with CNGnow.com and became their first featured artist.
Best known as the founder and primary songwriter of the rock band Living Colour, Reid was named No.
The book Jazz Masters of the Thirties is a selection of his criticism.
Arroyo was also a judge for the 8th annual Independent Music Awards.
He is also known for his speech impediment, which does not affect his singing voice.
In 1976, he achieved a national breakout with the studio album Night Moves.
Nelson later played with The Commodores, Chairmen of the Board, Fishbone, Jermaine Jackson, Parlet, Lionel Richie, Smokey Robinson, and Lenny Williams.
Egberto Amin Gismonti is a Brazilian composer, guitarist and pianist.
Known affectionately as "The Brute" or "Frog", he had a tough, raspy, and brutal tone on stomps, yet on ballads he played with warmth and sentiment.
Typically performed by smaller bands consisting of five or six players, jump music featured shouted, highly syncopated vocals and earthy, comedic lyrics on contemporary urban themes.
After stints with Elmer Snowden, Fletcher Henderson, Horace Henderson, McKinney's Cotton Pickers, and Luis Russell, Stewart joined the Ellington band in 1934, replacing Freddie Jenkins.
He was the first British male singer with two US Top 10 hits.
Kavina also played the solo in Danny Elfman’s UK concert tour with BBC concert orchestra and London Concert orchestra.
Levene was a founding member of both The Clash and Public Image Ltd.
Ten Holt died 25 November 2012 in Alkmaar, the Netherlands, aged 89.
In 1969, he joined the Plastic Ono Band after John Lennon invited him to play at the Toronto Rock and Roll Revival festival.
In 2002, Hemke was named Associate Dean Emeritus of the School of Music.
She has since revealed she is working on her fourth studio album, Canyonlands, which was released in 2016.
Miles also played guitar for his own band, Pitch Blaack.
In 2006, Chamberlain once again joined forces with Terry Taylor by lending a hand on the Lost Dogs album The Lost Cabin and the Mystery Trees.
He became one of the first pop artists signed to Beatles manager Brian Epstein's cutting edge label, Nemperor Records.
She has been a member of the bands Helium, Autoclave and Wild Flag, and currently fronts Ex Hex.
He got involved in music in the early 1980s, making his debut in a high school band called Apocalipsis, and later played along with Proceso Entrópico.
Buddy Wayne Knox was an American singer and songwriter, best known for his 1957 rock hit song, "Party Doll".
It is funded by Loeb’s own organic and fair trade coffee, Wake Up!
Solid albums include; S7ven Large, Born 2 Groove, Livin' Large and Play Date.
Classically trained on piano as a child, Apple began composing her own songs when she was 8 years old.
In addition, she has recorded four studio albums, primarily of jazz music.
Billboard Hot 100 and both peaked in the top three on the UK Singles Chart.
Her vocal style, strongly inspired by jazz instrumentalists, pioneered a new way of manipulating phrasing and tempo.
He has risen to fame as one of two lead guitarists in the Chicago-based jam band Umphrey's McGee.
His solo music is released under the name Adem.
His compositions include popular music songs such as "I Should Care", "Day by Day", and "Shrimp Boats".
He was most notably in melodic death metal band In Flames from 1993 to 1997, for which he was also an original member.
He is a member of the hip hop group Public Enemy and head of the group Security of the First World.
He attended Harvard University and earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Social Studies.
He is the eldest son of afrobeat pioneer Fela Kuti.
Beiderbecke remains the subject of scholarly controversy regarding his true name, the cause of his death, and the importance of his contributions to jazz.
Letov is a younger brother of famous free jazz saxophonist Sergey Letov.
He emigrated to the United States in 1849 and settled in Richmond, Virginia.
Robinson is best known as a founding member of the R&B/Pop group En Vogue, one of the world's best-selling girl groups of all time.
Over the decades, Nicol has increasingly shied away from media attention, preferring not to discuss his connection to The Beatles nor seek financial gain from it.
Subsequent albums, namely Seesaw and Live In Amsterdam by Beth Hart and Joe Bonamassa, achieved number 1 status on the Billboard Blues Album Chart.
Band later released his debut full-length album, We've All Been There in June 2010.
Marko DeSantis is a music professional best known as the lead guitarist for American modern rock band Sugarcult; he grew up in Santa Barbara, California.
It sold over one million copies, and was awarded a gold disc.
He wrote Tyler's biggest hit "Total Eclipse of the Heart'", the lead single from her 1983 UK chart topping album Faster Than the Speed of Night.
Peter Koppes is a guitarist, best known as a founding and almost-continuous member of Australian independent rock band The Church.
In 1998, he produced the album "Volcán: Tributo a José José", a tribute album to singer Jose Jose.
He reached the top of the charts with his "Saxo" and "Calinda" compositions.
He has released 10 studio albums, with three RIAA platinum certifications and two gold certifications among them.
Anne Preven is an American songwriter, musician, and record producer.
Aside from Schizophrenia, Tom's solo projects include The Modwheel, Cosmos and AMBA.
This success did not translate to the UK, with only her single "Blue Bayou" reaching the UK Top 40.
One of those singles, "Foolish Beat", made Gibson the youngest female artist to write, produce and perform a Billboard Hot 100 number-one single.
He is currently based in San Jose, California, U.S.
Bradley Mark "Brad" Stewart, known by his stage name Gidget Gein, was an American musician and artist.
Valli's recording of the song "Can't Take My Eyes Off You" reached number two in 1967.
Niblett's music is frequently minimalist in style, many of her songs consisting merely of vocals accompanied by either drums or guitar.
Barbara Trzetrzelewska, known simply as Basia [ˈbaɕa tʂɛtʂɛˈlɛfska],, is a Polish singer-songwriter and record producer.
Chris Brann is an American electronic music producer and remixer.
There are three releases slated for 2017.
The Dadasaheb Phalke Award, was bestowed on her in 1989 by the Government of India.
Awards: Mario has won three Grammy awards and was named 8th grade student of the month at Matilija Jr. High School.
Alama has won two Murex d'Or Awards and several other awards during his career.
His unmistakable and influential tone contributed to new perspectives for modern jazz and bebop.
She is also the daughter of performers Jacques Pills and Lucienne Boyer.
He appeared on further television reality shows, including as a presenter.
Colin Kendall Linden is a Canadian musician, songwriter and record producer.
Bartolomé Maximiliano Moré, known as Beny Moré, was a Cuban singer, bandleader and songwriter.
Calloway continued to perform until his death in 1994 at the age of 86.
Vivian Patrick Campbell is a Northern Irish rock guitarist.
In 2004, he went from relative obscurity to becoming the country's biggest selling recording artist, with the phenomenal success of his first solo album proper, "Luring".
He was inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame in 2005.
But then it took more than what we expected it was gonna take.
Jan-Chris de Koeijer or Jan Chris de Koeyer is a Dutch bass player and singer.
James Richard Steinman is an American composer, lyricist, and Grammy Award-winning record producer responsible for many hit songs.
He has subsequently released four solo albums.
He spent his childhood supporting his family by selling newspapers and shining shoes.
Peter Erskine is an American jazz drummer who was a member of the jazz fusion groups Weather Report and Steps Ahead.
From 2007 to 2014 he was the touring and recording keyboardist for Asia Featuring John Payne.
During the Stooges' separation he was among the few ex-members to play again with Pop, with the mini-reunion occurring during a 1978 European tour.
On November 14, 2012, Veloso was honored as the Latin Recording Academy Person of the Year.
Franchell "Frenchie" Davis is an American Broadway performer and a soul, dance/electronica, and pop singer.
She is nicknamed the Superstar of Turkish pop music.
The Brobdingnagian Bards band broke up amicably on September 15, 2008, and Gunn plans to pursue a solo career.
Terry has also agreed to join the all star guest list on the upcoming Vegas Rhythm Kings album Barrel O' Zombies.
After the group dissolved in the early 1970s, Clifford released a solo album and later joined CCR bassist Stu Cook in the Don Harrison Band.
His certifications from the RIAA include 13 multi-platinum, 33 platinum, and 38 gold albums.
Alan Earle O'Day was an American singer-songwriter, best known for writing and singing "Undercover Angel," a million-selling Gold-certified American #1 hit in 1977.
He is perhaps best known for his work with Frank Sinatra in the 1940s at Columbia Records.
His songs are sung in a variety of languages, including French, German, English, Italian, Swiss German, and Romanche.
Jordan pioneered a bebop and scat jazz singing style with an upright bass as the only accompaniment.
Cash won a Grammy in 1985 for "I Don't Know Why You Don't Want Me", and has received twelve other Grammy nominations.
He played for Type O Negative until they disbanded due to Steele's death on April 14, 2010.
Frequently he published his writings in his own Xenharmonic Bulletin.
Powell, his wife, and Brown were killed in a car crash when traveling overnight from Philadelphia to Chicago.
The UK show was released on their latest album "Somewhere Between Here and There".
In 2012, Capitol K released the album Andean Dub.
Teresa Brewer was an American singer whose style incorporated country, jazz, R&B, musicals, and novelty songs.
Wright, known for her raw live performances and "do-it-yourself punk aesthetic", received much encouragement from friends to continue making records, even though she had considered quitting.
In July 2013, Rondinelli was announced as the new drummer for the Axel Rudi Pell band, replacing previous drummer Mike Terrana.
Jimmy Carl Black, born James Carl Inkanish, Jr., was a drummer and vocalist for The Mothers of Invention.
In 1984, she reached number one in Canada and Germany with the U.S. number four hit "Self Control"
Gately died of a congenital heart defect on 10 October 2009, in a flat that he and Cowles owned in Mallorca, Spain.
Originally from Nebraska, Rouse began his recording career in Nashville in 1998 and later relocated to Spain.
Natalie MacMaster, CM is an award-winning fiddler from the rural community of Troy in Inverness County, Nova Scotia, Canada who plays Cape Breton fiddle music.
He was a familiar face in Finland, having performed at the Pori Jazz festival every year since it began in 1966.
This, added to her whispered vocals, creates a unique and mysterious artistic persona.
Lewis sings lead and plays harmonica for his band, Huey Lewis and the News, in addition to writing or co-writing many of the band's songs.
Growing up in Neptune City around the Jersey shore, Tallent took up first the tuba and then the bass.
On April 5, 1975, Riperton reached the apex of her career with her no.
Waters is also the featured artist on two tracks by House Music producer Eric Miller: "Deja Vu" and "Insatiable".
He has received Oscar, Grammy, and Golden Globe awards and been inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
Blackman is best known for recording and touring with Lenny Kravitz.
He began teaching at USC in 1967 and has been on their faculty ever since.
He is buried in Kalevankangas cemetery, Tampere, near the main gate.
His own albums include In The World, Get A Little and Incense, Herbs and Oils.
Sylvie Vartan is a French singer and actress.
Charles Arnold Burgi III is an American drummer and session musician.
On the album Odysseus he collaborated with guitarist John Schneider.
A pioneer of grime music, his work has also incorporated elements of UK garage, bassline, British hip hop, and R&B.
He remained with Gong until 1977, recording several albums with them and co-writing much of their material later in this period with drummer Pierre Moerlen.
He recorded a demo in the early 1990s and was signed by Blue Note Records, releasing a total of six albums with the label.
Anita Denise Baker is a retired American singer-songwriter.
His favorite NI applications are Reaktor and Absynth.
Sascha Konietzko, also known as Sascha K and Käpt'n K, is a German musician and producer.
Olive Marie Osmond is an American singer, actress, doll designer, and a member of the show business family the Osmonds.
In 2010 G-Unit signed with EMI  to distribute Banks third studio album The Hunger for More 2, which was released on November 22, 2010.
In later life Marriott became disillusioned with the music industry and turned his back on the big record companies, remaining in relative obscurity.
St John has released two solo albums: Indescribable Night and Second Sight.
He is married to musician and feminist activist Kathleen Hanna.
He studied film at the University of Southern California for two years before embarking on a music career.
Since Pulp began a hiatus in 2002, Doyle has occasionally appeared live with Jarvis Cocker, playing keyboards.
Donovan's commercial fortunes waned after parting with Most in 1969, and he left the industry for a time.
His songs have an acute elaboration of thought and an intensity for feeling that recall Fauré."
Angus William MacLise was an American percussionist, composer, poet, occultist and calligrapher, known as the first drummer for the Velvet Underground.
In 1994, Opeth was approached for signing by Candlelight Records, and fired Guteklint.
His nickname Badding was derived from Paddington Bear.
Henry Anthony George Spinetti is a Welsh-born session drummer whose playing has featured on a large number of prominent rock and pop albums.
Irving Berlin was an American composer and lyricist, widely considered one of the greatest songwriters in American history.
Wooley is also credited as the voice actor who produced the Wilhelm scream sound effect.
She has also recorded albums in the country pop and bluegrass genres.
Before Idol, he was assistant manager of a deli.
He has also toured with his own group, the Charlie Watts Quintet, and appeared at London’s prestigious jazz-club Ronnie Scott’s with the Charlie Watts Tentet.
Gregory Joel Abbott is an American singer, musician, composer and producer.
She was one of the most prolific and popular female singers of the 1950s, recording nearly 600 songs.
Yvonne Catterfeld is a German singer, songwriter, actress and TV host.
was directed by the acclaimed choreographer Steven Hoggett and featured Riabko's arrangements of the music of Burt Bacharach.
Robert Edward "Bert" McCracken is the lead singer and songwriter of the American rock band The Used.
Marie-France Gaîté, better known as Gribouille was a singer, musician, and song writer.
As of 2012, Peter now regularly releases tracks on his SoundCloud page.
Tandy was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame on 7 April 2017 as a member of Electric Light Orchestra.
In 2009, McPhee suffered a stroke which affected his speech and ability to sing.
Lawrence was also the vocalist for the indie rock group The Smugglers.
Antoine Carraby, better known by his stage name DJ Yella, is an American DJ, record producer and film director from Compton, California.
Eric Brosius is a musician and video game developer, and a former employee of Looking Glass Studios.
Raymond Allen Draper was an American jazz tuba player.
He also occasionally did voice-over work from his home.
From birth he had osteogenesis imperfecta, a genetic disease that causes brittle bones and, in his case, short stature.
He ran the popular Prohibited Beatz live electronica party in NYC from 1996-2001.
He has collaborated with various artists, and continues to release albums and perform in various capacities.
He is known for his hits such as El Amor Más Bonito, Sonámbulo, and the English-salsa hit, I Like It Like That.
Mallikarjun Bheemarayappa Mansur was an Indian classical singer of the khyal style in the Jaipur-Atrauli gharana of Hindustani classical music.
She also had a successful career in France.
She wrote over 400 songs for Broadway musicals and films.
Born the eldest of three children in Stellenbosch, South Africa, he went on to study law at Stellenbosch University.
David Soyer received an honorary degree from Binghamton University.
De Burgh has sold over 45 million albums worldwide.
He also appeared with Cradle of Filth on BBC's Living with the Enemy.
He currently works as an audio engineer.
That style of music fuses rock-based beats and lyrics involving subjects such as death, drug use, evil, paranoia and sex.
He attended Granoff School of Music in Philadelphia.
Esthero's brother, Jason Englishman, is also a musician.
He has two daughters and a son.
His fourth album, Feel That Fire was released in February 2009.
Born in Alexandria, Egypt, Rieti moved to Milan to study economics.
Yahir's debut in the telenovela world was through "Enamórate"(2003) opposite Martha Higareda in which he played "Yahir Jimenez" a son of a prominent business man.
Other members are: Dani Filth, Rob Caggiano and King Ov Hell.
Higelin's entertainment career began at age 14, when he left school to work as a stunt double.
His immense catalog of work has greatly influenced modern studio production and engineering techniques.
He was the youngest and last surviving member of the influential folk group the Clancy Brothers, who are regarded as Ireland's first pop stars.
George Washington "Wash" Phillips was an American gospel and gospel blues singer and instrumentalist.
Daniel Dumile is an English hip hop recording artist and record producer.
During the course of his career in the music business, White achieved 106 gold albums worldwide, 41 of which also attained platinum status.
Tony Lombardo is an American musician who was the original bassist in the punk rock band the Descendents.
He is the father of American television host Sal Masekela.
Her combined album and single sales have reached over 2 million worldwide.
After several albums, Autopsy split up in 1995 and Reifert and bandmate Danny Coralles began playing in their side-project, Abscess, full-time.
As their fame grew, the band became known as Larry Gatlin & the Gatlin Brothers.
Her stage name is inspired by one of her close associates during her prostitution period.
His two biggest hit singles, both written and performed by him, were "Seventeen" with his band, the Rockets; and "My Boy, Flat Top".
Prior to the Thrush Hermit era, Benvie distributed numerous home recordings under such names as The Tennis Injury, The Benvies, Yammer, and Day Pass.
Five of her studio albums, one of her mini-albums, and one of her compilation albums have reached number one in Japan's Oricon album chart.
Audrey Faith Hill is an American singer, actress and record producer.
In 2007, he disbanded both Strapping Young Lad and the Devin Townsend Band, taking a break from touring to spend more time with his family.
Most recently, Aparo has put together The Infidels, and is touring the Southeast while recording a new album, "El Primero Del Tres", with producer Dann Huff.
The band was based in or near Crawley, Sussex, UK.
He also played the piano and clarinet.
With the help of a few supporters in her hometown of Tryon, North Carolina, she enrolled in the Juilliard School of Music in New York.
As an actress, she is perhaps best remembered for playing officer Roger Murtaugh's wife in the Lethal Weapon film series.
Franklin was the elder sister of American singer/musician Aretha Franklin.
In 2000, Rolling Stone named Young the 34th greatest rock 'n roll artist.
Since finding this first toy piano, she continued to acquire many others, including a 37-key Schoenhut toy grand piano.
Humphrey Richard Adeane Lyttelton, also known as Humph, was an English jazz musician and broadcaster from the aristocratic Lyttelton family.
Johnston then became a contributing member on subsequent albums.
In addition to his solo career, Fearing was one of the founding members of Blackie and the Rodeo Kings, along with Colin Linden and Tom Wilson.
Marty Balin is an American singer, songwriter, and musician best known as the founder and one of the lead singers of Jefferson Airplane and Jefferson Starship.
Bolling is also noted for a series of "crossover" collaborations with classical musicians.
He was born in Vasciano near Narni in Stroncone, Province of Terni, Umbria, Italy; and died in Warsaw.
In December, Melanie C reunited with the Spice Girls for a world tour and to release a greatest hits album.
Steven Jay "Steve" Shelley is an American drummer.
The band transformed into The Electric Elves, The Elves, and finally Elf in 1969, releasing a few singles along the way.
Blackie Lawless is an American songwriter and musician best known as the lead singer and rhythm guitarist for the heavy metal band W.A.S.P.
The group is one of the most original in recorded jazz due to its then unique foregrounding of the guitar.
In 2001 Kasia Stankiewicz recorded "The Bridge Song" with the German electronic music group Tangerine Dream.
As a singer, Dávila has released over ten albums, some of which reached international platinum or gold status.
He wrote more than 500 pieces, improved Japanese string instruments, and invented new kotos with 17 strings and 80 strings.
One of the tracks she co-wrote and performed was "Rainfalls" with Frankie Knuckles.
Lal Waterson was an English folksinger and songwriter.
Her main musical partner is Portuguese pianist Mário Laginha.
Bernstein won an Oscar for his score to Thoroughly Modern Millie and was nominated for fourteen Oscars in total.
She endured severe treatments but these did not halt the illness.
This focus is evident in his albums Other Directions and Rituals, and many remixes he has done for contemporaries stretching across many closely related genres.
The production of synthetic sound in this manner has been used in "optosonic" instruments since the early 20th century.
They followed up with "The Endless Jam Continues" in 2005 with Tim Bogert on bass.
Matt Slocum is a guitarist, cellist, pianist and composer, known for his work as the principal songwriter and lead guitarist of Sixpence None the Richer.
He is the co-founder with his father Don Enrique "Quique" Lucca Caraballo of the Puerto Rican band La Sonora Ponceña.
He variously worked with Count Basie, the Mills Rhythm Boys and Lucky Millinder.
He has also played in the groups Orb, Space Waltz, Crowded House, The Makers and 801.
Robert Von "Bobby" Hebb was an American R&B/soul singer, musician, songwriter, recording artist, and performer known for his 1966 hit entitled "Sunny".
He sold more than a million albums.
See Agricola for several other people of the same name.
He released his first solo album in 1982, Onbekende Weermagman.
Kellee Warren, or just simply known as Kellee, is a female electronica/house artist from Chicago, Illinois.
She later released her second album, Gun Shy Trigger Happy, in 1997.
He has actively been releasing new music since.
He uses a custom Ibanez Prestige RGA series guitar and two custom Ibanez SZ guitars.
Bruno Kramm was an active member of the Pirate Party Germany and has been appointed by its board as federal commissioner on copyright issues.
In 1997, along with Brett Gurewitz of the band Bad Religion and owner of Epitaph Records, Armstrong founded Hellcat Records.
He worked as a preschool teacher for two years before the success of The Wiggles led him to focus on children's music full-time.
She is one of the founding members of the Grammy Award-winning a cappella ensemble Sweet Honey in the Rock.
He has ancestors from North Italy in Lombardy, close to Milan.
Some of his more famous lyrics are for "Smoke Gets in Your Eyes", "Indian Love Call" and "Cuddle up a Little Closer, Lovey Mine".
Jones was keen to exert her opinions on religious and social topics that feature in Black Uhuru's work.
Today she is a businesswoman working in real estate.
He is best known as the lead singer and frontman of Australian alternative rock band Powderfinger from its formation in 1989 to its dissolution in 2010.
Early in his career, Peart's performance style was deeply rooted in hard rock.
He was also the driving force behind the creation of the digital hardcore subgenre and the record labels Digital Hardcore Recordings and Eat Your Heart Out.
In April 1998 he was awarded an honorary doctorate by the Queensland University of Technology.
During his music career, Lynch won three Billboard awards.
Sood was born in the United Kingdom to Indian immigrant parents, and grew up in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
He is best known for hosting Hee Haw, a nationally televised country variety show, from 1969 to 1992.
After idol, DeAraugo signed to Sony BMG and released her debut single, "Maybe Tonight", in November 2005.
He is the lead guitarist and backing vocalist for the band Good Charlotte, as well as pop rock collaboration The Madden Brothers.
In 2011, the original Alice Cooper band was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
Richard Paul Ashcroft is an English singer and songwriter.
He is a classically trained lyric baritone.
He recorded a single session in 1938 for Decca, and one final date for the rare Varsity label in 1940.
He was born in Athens, on 3 April 1957, and studied Mechanical Engineering in Great Britain.
He later joined Double Trouble in 1981 and became a permanent member of Double Trouble until Vaughan's death in 1990.
In 2015, he was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom.
Along with Angra's other guitarist and primary songwriter Rafael Bittencourt, Loureiro has appeared on all of the band's releases.
Remy Ma cites Big Pun and Roxanne Shante as her biggest influences.
He is the father of actress and TV personality Malin Berghagen, and the father-in-law of Tommy Nilsson.
Kai Tracid is a trance DJ and producer.
After the longest hiatus of his recording career, L marked Leskinen's 50th birthday in 2000.
In the 2000s Fisk produced more records for Heather Duby and Maktub as well as solo work with Reggie Watts.
He was one of the first bluesmen to have a multiracial backing band at live performances.
Nicholas Christian Hopkins was an English pianist and organist.
In 2000, Adams left Whiskeytown and released his debut solo album, Heartbreaker, to critical acclaim.
Rio Reiser, was a German rock musician and singer of rock group Ton Steine Scherben.
He traveled the country in an energy-efficient Natural Gas powered vehicle while logging the money saved & calculating his eco footprint via social media.
Many fellow musicians regarded Harry as superior to his more famous brother, Larry.
Critic Ron Wynn describes Parker as "[a]mong Europe's most innovative and intriguing saxophonists...his solo sax work isn't for the squeamish."
Eight of her studio albums and two of her compilations have received an RIAA Gold certification, or higher.
In the May 2008 and 2010 issues of Guitar Player Magazine, he was named "Best Acoustic Guitarist" in their readers' poll.
During a period of twenty years, Pepusch directed the musical establishment at Cannons, a large house northwest of London.
The Outlaws, along with Waylon Jennings, Jessi Colter, and Tompall Glaser.
Danyle Robinson better known by his stage name Dru Down, is an American rapper and actor from Oakland, California.
She also recorded "Down Hearted Blues", and "Gulf Coast Blues" on the Brunswick label in 1923.
From 1960 to 1966 he was a member of the John Coltrane quartet, a celebrated recording phase, appearing on such albums as A Love Supreme.
Choy has an endorsement with Californian Zon Guitars [1].
Alexander is hailed frequently for his "polyrhythmic" playing.
The weekly publication reviews Celtic music of all varieties from Irish traditional music to Celtic rock.
Not long after that, in 1987, he was ordained and installed as Music Pastor.
We are saddened by this sudden news but he has our full support.
and a 5 date tour of China supporting Angie Hart.
In 1999 he played on the musical soundtrack for the film, The Last September.
She is often referred to as the "Queen of '70s Pop".
Additionally, Nowels co-wrote the track "White Flag" for Dido which won the 2004 Ivor Novello Award for International Hit of the Year.
Mladen Vojičić, widely known by the nickname/stagename Tifa is a Bosnian vocalist.
In the United Kingdom, MacNeil's song "Working Man" was a No.
Anja Rupel is a Slovene pop singer, songwriter, radio announcer, and journalist.
Zhakata, who adorns trademark glittering outfits, is best known for his hits Hupenyu Mutoro, Batai Mazwi and "Gomba Remarara".
His musical style was influenced by Franz Liszt, and as a conductor he was a strong advocate of new music.
Worldwide he has charted 16 top-40 records, including six #1 songs, the first of which was 1970's "Nothing Rhymed".
It is also encountered as an alternative spelling of the unrelated Indian feminine name Sheela, which is of Sanskrit origin.
Barry is a fellow of the British Academy of Songwriters, Composers and Authors.
In the mid-1960s Clapton left the Yardbirds to play with John Mayall & the Bluesbreakers.
She also reached the third position in the magazines Uncharted chart, overcoming Luan Santana and becoming the most influential Brazilian on the Web.
Dixon's songs have been recorded by countless musicians in many genres as well as by various ensembles in which he participated.
He played on every Rancid release up to their 2003 album Indestructible.
Along with Loretta Lynn and Dolly Parton, she is credited with having defined the role of women in country music during the 1970s.
On July 1, 2015, Medeiros became the president of Saint Louis School in Honolulu.
He engaged in collaborations and experiments with Western artists, becoming a well-known world music artist.
In 2010, The Stooges were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
He has performed and recorded with English rock band The Who since 1996.
Gregg also co-wrote sax star Jessy J.
She won the Eurovision Song Contest 1968 with the song "La, la, la", beating the British pop singer Cliff Richard's "Congratulations".
She is noted for being at home in opera and "crossover music".
Born and raised in Berlin, Biedermann began performing as a member of a troupe of acrobats in a children's circus at the age of six.
He is currently a vocalist for the bands Cruz Martínez Y Los Super Reyes and Los EnVivo Kings.
Since then, Lemar has had seven top ten UK singles and sold over two million albums.
He died on 14 April 2013 at the age of 82 in Chennai.
He was also one of the founding members of the Southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd.
The song was featured in the opening minutes of the 1980 American movie, The Ninth Configuration.
Art gained greater attention after the release of a recording of his composition "Farmer's Market" in 1952.
In the early years of her career, she used the nickname Nori-P, although around the mid-1990s she started to distance herself from it.
Maurice Williams, better known by his stage name Mopreme Shakur, originally known as Wycked, is an American rapper.
In 1925, he became Lecturer in Music at Jordanhill Training College for Teachers, Glasgow, a post he held for more than twenty-five years.
Ulf Lundell is a Swedish writer, poet, songwriter, composer, musician and artist.
Other past projects included collaborations with Reeves Gabrels at the end of the 1990s, the Preaching to the Perverted Tour with Pigface, the Cassandra Complex, Foetus.
Jennifer Marcella Peña is an American Tejano/Latin pop singer and actress who has sold over 3.5 million records internationally.
He is considered one of the leading producers of dub music’s second generation and was instrumental in transitioning dub into the digital age.
In 2007 she was inducted into the National Radio Hall of Fame.
Shigeru Izumiya is a Japanese poet, folk singer, actor, tarento.
Some other groups that Farian has been involved with are Eruption and No Mercy.
He lives in Swindon, Wiltshire, where he was brought up.
Mary Weiss is an American pop music vocalist, best known as the lead singer of The Shangri-Las in the 1960s.
Erwin subsequently stood by her bandmates as they were engulfed in political controversy.
He was also variously credited as Bronislaw Kaper, Bronislaw Kapper, Benjamin Kapper, and Edward Kane.
Glenn Alan Medeiros is an American singer and songwriter of Portuguese descent who achieved chart success in the late 1980s and early 1990s.
For the Canadian musician, see Barry Harris.
Featuring 14 artists covering tracks from the original The Story album including Adele, Pearl Jam and Dolly Parton.
Anne Dudley is an English composer, keyboardist, conductor and pop musician.
In 2015, he was recognised with the Visionary award at the Progressive Music Awards.
He could project his voice so that it soared over the horn and reed sections in a big-band setting.
Adamski is an English DJ and record producer, prominent at the time of acid house for his tracks "N-R-G" and "Killer", a collaboration with Seal.
Aaron has been dubbed as "the sexiest man of ska in 2009".
She is known as one of the most productive and tough-sounding yé-yé artists.
He plays finger style bass and provides backing vocals when live.
Geoff Tate is a German-born American singer and musician.
The last was in 2011 with the song "Bastardo".
He plays lead and occasional rhythm guitar.
The group issued an album – Alive and Kickin – on the independent Polo label in 1996.
In September 2016 Kramm stepped down as party chairman and rejoined Alliance '90/The Greens
Due to its popularity, with performances all over the country, and the popularity of her 1965 single "Carcará", the artist became a star in Brazil.
Fateh Ali Khan and Mubarak Ali Khan, more than anyone else, helped Iqbal achieve popular success as well:
For the album Strålande Jul, released together with Sissel Kyrkjebø, he won an unprecedented 11 Norwegian platinum trophies.
In 2004, after a break in performances, she began recording and giving concerts of jazz ballads in francophone countries.
John Stanley "Jack" Body ONZM was a New Zealand composer, ethnomusicologist, photographer, teacher, and arts producer.
Lee Ann Womack is an American country music singer and songwriter.
He has also played in Nerf Herder, Swingin' Utters, The Lapdancers, The Ataris, Popsicko, Lost Kittenz.
However, later he put up a website which has the project's "entire discography".
A follow-up extended play Heart followed in 2014; with her sophomore effort Let 'Em Eat Cake being released October of that year.
Carlisle recorded very little after the beginning of the Second World War, and retired from the entertainment industry in about 1950.
In 2007, he won the Critic's Choice Award for Best Song for "Listen" from the motion picture adaption of Dreamgirls.
Early in his career, Martinez was known as a drummer notably with the Red Hot Chili Peppers and Captain Beefheart.
Juan Croucier is a Cuban born American heavy metal musician.
The music video was directed by Rene Brea in the Dominican Republic.
Zelter was the author of a biography of Carl Friedrich Christian Fasch, first published in 1801 by J.F.
He is the elder brother of reggae artist Junior Cat and is considered one of the greatest deejays within the Jamaican dance-hall scene to date.
In 1959, the band, then immersed in modal jazz, recorded Kind of Blue, the best-selling jazz album of all time.
He played Americana, blues-rock, Southern rock and rockabilly music.
The new version of Smashing Pumpkins, consisting of Corgan and a revolving lineup, has released and toured new albums extensively since the 2007 reunion album, Zeitgeist.
She made her musical debut in the early 1960s on Disques Vogue and found immediate success with her song "Tous les garçons et les filles".
Ceberano was the artistic director of the Adelaide Cabaret Festival in 2012, 2013 and 2014.
In 2014, he was awarded the ASCAP Deems Taylor award for excellence in writing for his liner notes in the Mad Season Deluxe Reissue.
Herman Riley was a jazz saxophonis who spent most of his life as a studio musician in Los Angeles.
The launch of the Ibanez JEM guitar developed and co-designed by Vai was described as the "exact moment the entire guitar landscape was reshaped".
In 2008, he founded the international music outlet, Coke Studio and is credited with featuring Pakistan's notable and newcomer featured artists, which is broadcast each season.
She has covered songs by Edwin McCain, Radney Foster, Rod Stewart, and Gavin DeGraw.
Johann Gottfried Piefke was a German conductor, Kapellmeister and composer of military music.
In 2015, Benvie founded the rock band Bankruptcy.
Her biggest hits included "Blood and Honey", "Tomorrow", "Queen of Chinatown", "Follow Me", "Enigma" and "Fashion Pack".
He is the guitarist of Grammy Award-nominated power pop band Fountains of Wayne.
She is also known for her unique and unusual fashion style, which included a hairstyle made spikes and dreadlocks, and a nose chain piercing.
He is ranked number 46 on Bass Player magazine's list of "The 100 Greatest Bass Players of All Time".
Both he and his brothers appeared regularly on Afghan Television and Radio prior to the Russian invasion of Afghanistan and the subsequent wars.
He co-wrote "Piano in the Dark" with singer/songwriter Brenda Russell which was nominated for Song of the Year at the 31st Annual Grammy Awards.
After the release of that album, he departed, then returned two years later to record the EP Back to the Known.
More than 20,000 mourners turned up for his funeral.
As an actor, he is noted for playing Francis in the 1986 war movie Platoon.
Arnold Rufus McCuller is an American vocalist, songwriter, and record producer, born and raised in Cleveland, Ohio.
Walden has also owned and operated Tarpan Studios, a recording studio in San Rafael, California, since the mid-1980s.
In June 1998, he stopped being a solo artist and changed his name to H-Wonder and became a composer.
Both albums took their name from the English translation of the name Miwa.
Paul J. Pena was an American singer, songwriter and guitarist of Cape Verdean descent.
Michael Andrew "Mike" Bordin is an American musician, best known as the drummer for rock band Faith No More.
They recorded an album: Terrible Beauty, that was never released and after a performance in Irving Plaza on St. Patrick's Day 1985 they disbanded.
Her ability to sing across several genres gave her the title "Asia's Nightingale" by MTV Southeast Asia.
Ivy Benson was an English musician and bandleader, who led an all-female swing band.
Bush also recorded another, markedly different version of "The Touch" which was at first rumoured for possible inclusion in the 2009 sequel Revenge of the Fallen.
João Gilberto Prado Pereira de Oliveira, known as João Gilberto, is a Brazilian singer, songwriter, and guitarist.
In 2007 she returned to the pop charts with her new album Bad Girl.
His debut novel, The Letters of Ivor Punch, was published in 2015.
Fanta Damba is a Malian djelimuso known to her fans as La Grande Vedette Malienne.
She started by writing a letter to a popular Q&A columnist in the Austin American-Statesman, Ellie Rucker.
Jennifer Kathleen Hanson is an American country music artist, as well as serving as Miss California 1994.
Donna Lewis is a Welsh singer-songwriter and record producer from Cardiff, Wales.
Cradock's influences include The Beatles and The Rolling Stones.
He is best known for his albums in the 1960s and 1970s that were among the first to feature Moog synthesizers.
Elizabeth Clark Phair is an American singer, songwriter, and guitarist.
After graduating high-school she won a scholarship to continue her studies at the International University of Concordia where she was majoring in Media and Public Relations.
Collaborations with Teddy Wilson yielded the hit "What a Little Moonlight Can Do", which became a jazz standard.
His stage name originated from the TEC-9 semi-automatic handgun, a name given to him by rapper Black Walt due to his fast-rhyming Chopper style.
Dane's first ever solo record, Praises to the War Machine was released May 13, 2008 on Century Media Records.
Jeffrey Ross Hyman, known professionally as Joey Ramone, was an American musician and singer-songwriter, lead vocalist of the punk rock band the Ramones.
With "If You Leave Me Now", a song written and sung by Cetera on the group's tenth album, Chicago garnered its first Grammy Award.
He is probably best known for the singles "Teleport" and "Floor-Essence", both of which appeared in the UK Singles Chart.
Webbe released two solo studio albums in 2005 and 2006, sold over 700,000 records worldwide and had five UK Top 40 singles.
He has worked on albums for artists including Meat Loaf and Bonnie Tyler.
Gary Francis Caine Cherone is an American rock singer and songwriter.
Sir Frederick Arthur Gore Ouseley, 2nd Baronet was an English composer, organist, musicologist and priest.
Claude Antoine Marie François, also known by the nickname Cloclo, was a French pop singer, songwriter and dancer.
His disc "Petit Papa Noël" alone sold 80 million copies worldwide.
After leaving Pollack's band he led his own band on 52nd Street in New York for three years.
His most successful record was "Down in the Boondocks" in 1965.
He also recorded a number of times with Bechet and briefly acted as manager for Louis Armstrong.
In 2015, LaBelle took part in the dance competition, Dancing with the Stars.
During the 1980s, seven of his albums reached number one on the country charts.
He joined them in 1999 as a synthesizer programmer on Legend of Mana, and worked for them on several games.
The group became one of the most popular bands of the era on the strength of their live performances and several successful albums.
He has received more than 50 commissions to compose for choirs around the world.
He also co-founded Composers Recordings, Inc. in 1954, with Douglas Moore and Oliver Daniel.
Willie Mae "Big Mama" Thornton was an American rhythm-and-blues singer and songwriter.
She moved to Rhode Island in 1976, where she played at various clubs in the New England area.
Although considered a jazz singer, she incorporates folk music, avant-garde, and electronica.
Heap has received two Grammy Awards and one Ivor Novello Award.
She has appeared in a number of films, including Training Day, Spider-Man, Scary Movie 3, Lackawanna Blues, Idlewild and For Colored Girls.
Karrie was brought up in Wales, where he had radio and television shows on BBC Wales.
He is also the announcer and commentator for the PBS program Live from Lincoln Center.
Bill Dowdy was an American jazz musician and teacher.
First coming to prominence in the early 1990s, Hunter plays custom-made seven- and eight-string guitars on which he simultaneously plays bass lines, chords, and melodies.
He is best known for being a member of the Christian pop group DC Talk.
Guitarist Robert Fripp, who collaborated with him in the late 1970s and early 1980s, has written, "Daryl's pipes were a wonder.
She performed on the show under Team Shakira for 3 episodes.
Darryl Wade Worley is an American country music artist.
Donovan continued to perform and record sporadically in the 1970s and 1980s.
Leslie Bassett was an American composer of classical music, and the University of Michigan's Albert A. Stanley Distinguished University Professor Emeritus of Composition.
Allison Wolfe is a Washington, DC-based singer, songwriter, and zine writer who has been the lead vocalist for several punk rock groups including Bratmobile and Partyline.
She was sometimes called "The Queen of the Blues."
He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2012.
He recorded drums on four of Megadeth's albums: Rust in Peace, Countdown to Extinction, Youthanasia and Cryptic Writings.
Grosvenor joined the band in 1973, replacing Ralphs.
Carla Venita Thomas is an American singer, who is often referred to as the Queen of Memphis Soul.
This album, revolving around modern jazz, was supported by three of Denmark's best known jazz musicians: Niels Lan Doky, Niels-Henning Ørsted Pedersen and Alex Riel.
He scored over 70 films in a career lasting over fifty years.
In 2014, Ellis-Bextor released her fifth studio album, Wanderlust which became her highest charting album since "Read My Lips", peaking at number 4 in the UK.
Glen Travis Campbell is an American rock and country music singer, musician, songwriter, television host and actor.
The song was accompanied by a provocative music video, which established Sabrina's image as a sex symbol.
She has also received five Emma Awards, accolades for outstanding achievements in music, awarded by the Finnish music industry federation, Musiikkituottajat, and five Emma nominations.
He is one half of the duo Reefer along with Nicholas Thorburn of Islands.
Following the death of AC/DC lead singer Bon Scott on 19 February 1980, Johnson was asked to audition for the band in London.
In June 2013 Shiri became one of the judges for the first season of The X Factor Israel.
In 1962–63, he organized Toronto's first new music series Men, Minds and Music, and established the Isaacs Gallery Mixed Media Concerts.
He wrote "Delta Lady", recorded by Joe Cocker, and organized and performed with Cocker's "Mad Dogs and Englishmen" tour in 1970.
She first came to prominence as a member of the band Excuse 17 before forming the punk-indie trio Sleater-Kinney.
After his departure from Pestilence, he joined Asphyx as the singer and bass player in 1990.
Some of his influences are Abe Cunningham, Morgan Rose and Tim Alexander.
Due to this success, James was often called the "king of punk funk", for his mix of funk, soul and underground-inspired rock music.
Lang's genre is German folk music; he typically sang in the Bavarian dialect of the rural Alpine regions.
Cindy Walker was an American songwriter, as well as a country music singer and dancer.
His name is an amalgamation of the Rastafarian term for God and that of the Zulu king Shaka Zulu.
It also includes Donnie Wahlberg, Joey McIntyre, Danny Wood and his younger brother, Jordan.
She was one of Motown's first singing superstars.
Hart's vocal style, in contrast to that of Hüsker Dü bandmate Bob Mould, was a more measured and melodic delivery.
Beiderbecke's most influential recordings date from his time with Goldkette and Whiteman, although they were generally recorded under his own name or Trumbauer's.
Originally he released music along with his singers and dancers entitled "Le Big Bazar" but went for a more solo approach 1977.
He is best known as one of the two custom percussionists and co-founder of the Grammy Award-winning heavy metal band Slipknot.
Four albums had charted on the Billboard 200.
He is the only Australian male artist in Australian chart history to have ten consecutive top ten singles.
His latest album, Authentic, was released in April 2013.
Since 1984, Ramazzotti has released 11 studio albums, one EP, three compilation albums, three live albums, and 37 singles.
His style was characterized by imaginative wit, both verbal and musical.
He has a unique, easy to listen to style of dance music and has produced many well-known songs all over Latin America.
Rutsey's type 1 diabetes was believed to be a complicating factor in his death from a heart attack in 2008.
Manson has been ranked number 44 in the Top 100 Heavy Metal Vocalists by Hit Parader, and has been nominated for four Grammy Awards.
He recorded several albums, and some informally taped concerts have also been issued as albums.
In 2009, Robinson briefly returned to En Vogue again for their 20th Anniversary Tour.
Michael Francis Barbiero, is an American record producer, mixer, engineer, songwriter and journalist.
He produced the band Tacabro, their first single Tacata' was released in 2012.
Her career has been awarded by five Fryderyks.
Thomas Such, better known by his stage name Tom Angelripper, is the founding member and main songwriter of German thrash metal band Sodom.
He is Nolan's business partner in his record label.
Osborne is additionally a founding member/guitarist for both the groups Fantômas and Venomous Concept.
Neal Morse is an American singer, multi-instrumentalist, bandleader and progressive rock composer based in Nashville, Tennessee.
For the Australian newspaper editor, see Leslie Duncan.
While attending Passaic Valley High School in Little Falls, New Jersey, he discovered the guitar and rock-and-roll.
He is known for the khayal form of singing, as well as for his popular renditions of devotional music.
Nalick's second album Broken Doll & Odds & Ends was released on June 5, 2011.
He soon assembled a band under the name, and released the critically acclaimed City in 1997.
In 2003, Kramer joined the rock group The Psychedelic Furs and is still a member of that group.
Billy Alsbrooks, Jr., better known by his stage name White Dawg, is an American rapper and record producer.
He was born in Houston, Texas, but moved to South Central Los Angeles at an early age.
Aside from HIM and Daniel Lioneye, Lindström has also recorded with Jeffrey Walker, Manna, as well as the supergroup WhoCares.
Since Denmark was not pre-qualified for the final, Jakob took part in the semi-final on May 19, 2005.
In 2011, he co-founded the record label EnMass Music, through which he has released a number of mix compilations related to his radio show Salmiakki Sessions.
Bernard Greene, also known as B.G., the Prince of Rap, is an American rapper and eurodance artist.
Danzig has also cited Bill Medley as a vocal influence.
Born in Vilna, he moved as a teenager to the United States, where his Carnegie Hall debut was rapturously received.
She attended California State University, Northridge before she decided to pursue her musical career full-time.
His most recent album, Tomorrow Forever, is set for release in 2017.
He has released six studio albums for the label: Billy Currington, Doin' Somethin' Right, Little Bit of Everything, Enjoy Yourself, We Are Tonight, and Summer Forever.
14 on the United States albums chart, Billboard 200.
Vollenweider's style has been described by the New York Times as "swirling atmospheric music, which evokes nature, magic and fairy tales".
Meshell Ndegeocello is an American singer-songwriter, rapper, bassist, and vocalist.
In February 2015, Pierson released her first solo album, Guitars and Microphones, featuring material co-written by Sia Furler.
From 2006 to 2007, he served as Festival Programmer and Production Manager of the Rock The Wake Festival.
Paige Haley is a musician and producer.
He lived for many years in Sheffield, where his wife, Sue, was born.
He is best known for his work with Midnight Oil, of which he was a founding member, guitarist, keyboardist and leading songwriter.
He was ranked 47th in the Top 100 Heavy Metal Vocalists by Hit Parader.
Chris Martin of Coldplay has described Ashcroft as "the best singer in the world".
Natalie Louise Maines is an American singer-songwriter and activist who achieved success as the lead vocalist for the female alternative country band the Dixie Chicks.
Byrd played fingerstyle on a classical guitar.
Her most recent album, her ninth, Other, was released 16 June 2017.
He contributed "Laye M'Boup," a tribute to the late Orchestre Baobab leader, to the The Music In My Head soundtrack.
He is the son of jazz bassist Grachan Moncur II and the nephew of jazz saxophonist Al Cooper.
Gilbert has been voted fourth-best on GuitarOne magazine's "Top 10 Greatest Guitar Shredders of All Time".
C-Tec produced two albums before fizzling out towards the end of the '90's, whilst his other project Cobalt 60 was more coolly received.
With more than 2,000 songs registered to his name with BMI, Pollard is among the most prolific songwriters of his time.
He is known for the songs "Welterusten Meneer de President", "Het Land van Maas en Waal", "Jimmy" and "Avond" among others.
again, the two of them collaborated on Randy Rampage's solo 12-inch EP.
The show is set to premiere in September 2013.
Quaife played an important role on the group's influential album The Kinks Are the Village Green Preservation Society, which featured a strong theme of nostalgia.
Anderson was signed as a recording artist to Arista Nashville in 2004.
1, including her signature hit "I Am Woman".
She came to prominence as half of the duo Yazoo, but has since mainly worked as a solo artist.
John Leslie "Wes" Montgomery was an American jazz guitarist.
After time back in New Orleans played with the Ben Pollack Orchestra in 1936.
He was also a director of French and Italian opera companies in Paris and London.
Zeebra is one of the most popular rappers in Japan, and his popularity is not specific to either gender.
She performed in the past under the name Katie B.
Later he moved to Madrid where he recorded his first album in 1968.
He is best known for his solo material, and as a member of Fistful of Mercy and RNDM.
He is best known outside of Japan for his soundtracks for the video games Sonic the Hedgehog and Sonic the Hedgehog 2 in the early 1990s.
Outside of R&B, Morgan also worked in house music in the mid 2000s.
Reviewers have said that her style also shows some influence from Keith Jarrett.
Hanoi Rocks was a Finnish rock band that combined elements of punk, glam rock, rock and roll, and blues.
Frankie Ford, was an American rock and roll and rhythm and blues singer, best known for his 1959 hit "Sea Cruise".
Claudette Ortiz is an American singer and model, most famous as the female in the R&B group City High.
Windham Hill artist Michael Hedges cited Ramsey as a strong influence on his left-handed tapping techniques.
The film also featured performances by musicians such as Zakk Wylde, Jason Bonham, Myles Kennedy, Brian Vander Ark, Blas Elias, Jeff Pilson and Ralph Saenz.
Patten had diabetes, and died of a stroke at St. Mary's Hospital in Livonia, Michigan, where he resided.
A review in US-based Keyboard magazine described him as the fastest keyboard player in the world and called him the keyboard discovery of the nineties.
In a short time, Behbudov became also prominent Azerbaijani pop singer.
Hansgen appeared on the Out of Step LP then left Minor Threat when its founding members decided to return the band to its original configuration.
On November 7, 2012, he released his final musical contribution in the song "2Nite4U" with Kris Menace on his vocal collaboration album, Features.
Adriano Celentano is an Italian singer, composer, producer, comedian, actor, film director and TV host.
Salas released "Chubby Groove," a collaborative new album with Koshi Inaba, on January 18, 2017.
She typically sang in a contralto vocal range.
His music is heavily centred on bringing about change and getting the younger generation involved in activist causes.
He has released nine studio albums and, with forty-six singles released, holds the male soloist record for most top ten consecutive singles in Japanese music history.
She played in the funk band Graham Central Station with Family Stone bandmate Larry Graham, starting in 1974.
Malcolm Welsford is a New Zealand Record Producer and is best known for his work with Shihad, The Feelers and Supergroove.
Milton "Milt" Gabler was an American record producer, responsible for many innovations in the recording industry of the 20th century.
The track reached #36 in the UK Singles Chart in September 1998.
Tsuneo Imahori is a Japanese guitarist and composer.
Since its formation, 7 Seconds has released over fifteen records as well as touring North America, Europe and Japan multiple times.
Gota Yashiki a Japanese musician, both an independent acid jazz artist and drum/bass player, as a member of the band Simply Red.
He has received the Griegprisen and the Steinway Award.
After leaving Stratovarius he formed two supergroups named Revolution Renaissance and Symfonia, both of which have since disbanded.
He has been a backing singer on many others.
Eklund is currently the lead guitarist and a co-vocalist of The Oohlas.
In 1997 he wrote a book, Tommy Makem's Secret Ireland and in 1999 premiered a one-man theatre show, Invasions and Legacies, in New York.
Sugerman attended Westchester High School in Los Angeles, where he regularly authored articles about The Doors in the student newspaper.
In 1972 he wrote the song "Here's to You" under the title Sacco und Vanzetti with five verses.
He recorded 10 studio albums between 1982 and 2005, and charted 16 singles on the Billboard country charts, including two No.
He went on to form another band, Pirate, with high school friends, and met Powderfinger at a Pirate show.
In 2011, Billboard named her the No.
Kollage was followed in 2001 by BB Queen, an EP release.
She was well known for the Oriental image she adopted for the song.
In the same chart, her album Mountain High...Valley Low was acknowledged as the best gospel album.
He is the older brother of Juicy J, the co-founder of Three 6 Mafia.
The program was directed and produced by Yasir Akhtar and executive producer was Ghazanfer Ali.
Annesley Malawana or Malewana started his musical journey from Ratnapura with Clarence Wijewardene in 1966,they formed a group called the Moonstones.
Four years later, in 1969, he released the single Teddybjörnen Fredriksson, which has become a classic.
He also recorded several albums for Vanguard Records.
The album's lead single is "Fly Like Me", featuring Amerie.
He is married to his second wife Shari and has a son, Kallan, who was born in 2012.
David Anthony "Dave" Pirner is an American songwriter, singer, and producer best known as the lead vocalist and frontman for the alternative rock band Soul Asylum.
Neal's first album, called Louisiana Legend, was initially issued by King Snake Records and later by Alligator Records in 1990.
Thomas Richard "Tommy" Bolin was an American guitarist who played with Zephyr, James Gang, and Deep Purple, in addition to maintaining a notable solo career.
He has toured extensively around the globe, given thousands of performances and held hundreds of workshops for kathak students.
Hellberg has worked with a variety of Swedish bands and artists in different genres, both as a permanent member and as guest or session member.
His stage name was derived from the 1980 martial arts film Ol' Dirty and the Bastard.
He also performed on the re-recording of Actual Fantasy.
Ben Hirsh Sidran is an American jazz and rock keyboardist, producer, label owner, and music writer.
John Terry Norum is a Norwegian rock guitarist and one of the founders of the Swedish rock band, Europe.
Jory Nash blends elements of folk, jazz, blues, soul and pop into an original stew of sound.
On January 8, 2005 Kate was invited to be the opening act for blues legend B.B.
He began his career playing rock and roll guitar, but gradually explored other types of music, even abandoning guitar, and started working on circuit bending.
He was a frequent accompanist of sitar player Ravi Shankar.
He has been married to singer Faith Hill since 1996, and is a son of the late baseball player Tug McGraw.
His lyrics, which often expressed themes of misogyny, pedophilia, blasphemy and racism, polarized listeners and created varied opinions of him within the highly politicized punk community.
Still is known most for his first symphony, which was until the 1950s the most widely performed symphony composed by an American.
Deciding to focus on his directing career, Zombie directed the horror film Halloween, a remake of the 1978 horror classic of the same name.
He was educated as a social worker and hoped to become a journalist, but became increasingly involved in music, performing at events for students.
Numerous promotional singles were released to promote the album, some of which had commercial success.
Other celebrities who saw and praised the show included Dionne Warwick, Tom Jones, Mike Myers, Elvis Costello, and Ricky Wilson of The Kaiser Chiefs, among others.
He was a Moroccan painter and author and one of the few Moroccans to participate in the Tangier Beat scene.
Sam McCandless has worked with producer, guitarist Paul Leary, of Butthole Surfers producer of Sublime and singer, songwriter Formica Iglesia also of the band Carny.
Her daughter, Lisa Stone, sang with Vet Stone and Cynthia Robinson in a Sly & the Family Stone tribute band.
Joseph Anthony Budden II is a member of the American hip hop supergroup Slaughterhouse, alongside fellow rappers Royce da 5'9", Joell Ortiz, and Crooked I.
Active since 1964, Smith is widely considered to be one of the genre's best female vocalists.
Van Ronk received a Lifetime Achievement Award from the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers in December 1997.
In 1998, Cameron was invited to play on Pearl Jam's U.S. Yield Tour.
Gustaaf Stephanus Modestus "Guus" Meeuwis is a Dutch singer and songwriter.
Robin Andrew Guthrie is a Scottish musician, songwriter, composer, record producer and audio engineer, best known as the co-founder of the alternative rock band Cocteau Twins.
In 1998 Zeebra undertook his first solo tour.
The second single, "So Simple", is the last single from her third album which never charted in the US.
Born in Cuthbert, Georgia, while later attending Wilberforce University he formed a band called the Collegians, which included Benny Carter and Rex Stewart.
According to frontman Coyne, Ivins was found as the bassist for the band because of his punk-rock look, and not because of his musical ability.
He was signed to Lupe Fiasco's 1st & 15th Entertainment record label, a subsidiary of Atlantic Records.
White is known for his high energy and dancing while playing his bass guitar during Earth, Wind & Fire.
Brenda Bennett is a British-American singer from Scotland.
Fishman was inspired by Presidential candidate Bernie Sanders to take action in his local elections.
She graduated from Battle Ground High School in Battle Ground, Washington in 1993.
Kasia Stankiewicz is a Polish pop singer.
In 2011, he performed on Carrie Newcomer's album Everything is Everywhere
Her ethereal vocals, paired with the band's spare and quiet songs performed at a languid pace, give the band its unique sound.
The album featured the Top 40 single, "I Know".
Jimmie Dale Gilmore is an American country singer, songwriter, actor, recording artist and producer, currently living in Austin, Texas.
He is married with three children, and is brother-in-law of former bandmate Greg Gall.
A native of Akron, Ohio, Quine worked with a wide range of musicians, though he himself remained relatively unknown in comparison.
He is the son of musical composer and performer Frank Zappa.
He has collaborated with a number of artists; in 2013, he and Scott Murphy released a self-titled Japanese-language album under the name Scott & Rivers.
His current musical projects include being the lead singer of Chickenfoot and The Circle.
John Rutsey left the band in 1974, due to musical differences and health problems with type 1 diabetes, and was replaced by Neil Peart.
Dane, along with bassist Jim Sheppard, is a certified chef and formerly owned a restaurant in Seattle.
Allen has a daughter, Kylie Jo, who was born to his first wife in 1991.
Lanegan also performed with Layne Staley and Mike McCready in the side band, Mad Season.
After separating from Def Jam, he began recording and releasing mixtapes and albums on independent labels.
Often compared to Jimi Hendrix, he is acknowledged as one of the best and most underrated guitarists of the 1970s.
She has long been considered one of hip-hop's pioneer feminists.
Linda Georgina Haley is an American singer-songwriter.
She was the female soprano vocalist in Cradle of Filth for 14 years and also fronts her own band, Angtoria.
In addition to his work as an artist, Berry was the co-founder and head of Platipus Records.
Thomas "Tommy" Makem was an internationally celebrated Irish folk musician, artist, poet and storyteller.
That song became popular across the European dance music scene, and entered the UK Singles Chart at number three.
Sada released his first solo album entitled Kikyorai shortly after Grape's dissolution.
He also was an owner of the Music Box Theatre on Broadway.
He was known as Abdullah Ibn Buhaina after he became a Muslim.
Clyde Vernon "Sonny" Landreth is an American blues musician from southwest Louisiana who is especially known as a slide guitar player.
He played live together with Sting, Eric Clapton, Beverley Craven and many more.
In an interview he said "I felt emotional with hate at what this arsehole had got away with.
with guitarist Dimitri Coats, bassist Steven Shane McDonald, and drummer Mario Rubalcaba.
In 1994–1997 he was part of the Transwave project together with Frederic Holyszewski, whose stage name is Deedrah.
After his 1998 debut album release Blues in Technicolor, he began touring the United States and Canada and he has since recorded eight more albums.
He is often referred to as the "Godfather of Ska".
In 2008, Tabor was added to the guitar show "Chop Shop"'s list of "Top 100 Most Complete Guitar Players of All Time" at number 84.
Tyrone Davis was an American blues and soul singer with a long list of hit records over more than 20 years.
After the departure of Macy, and the replacement of Lynch with singer Natalie Maines, the band widened their musical repertoire and appearance.
He has released three solo albums: First Chud, Mall to Mars, and Demo-licious.
White Noise released a 1978 Rezabek solo recording, Rozz and Negative Trend: The Pop Sessions, in 1998, erroneously co-credited to Negative Trend.
