Regular contributors include writers Scott Neuffer and Sheila Gardner and photographers Ron Harpin, Chris Dickerson, John T. Humphrey and Scott Warner.
Awami Awaz is a Sindhi daily newspaper and news TV channel in Pakistan.
It is located at 6 Millstone Campus, St. Louis.
It was soon joined by sister papers in Sligo, Leitrim, Cavan, Monaghan and Wicklow which have all since closed down.
The Korea Times is a Korean language Monday-Saturday newspaper published in Los Angeles, California.
It is published by the Navajo Times Publishing Company; Arviso is CEO.
Sections include News, Sports, Opinion, Arts & Entertainment, and Style.
Photographer Gary Leonard's "Take My Picture" appeared weekly in 'LA CityBeat' for more than five years.
Its editorial position is generally conservative, and sometimes libertarian.
On January 3, 2010, the paper ceased publications with no notification in their last issue, and closed all its operations shortly thereafter.
It is distributed to houses in Banbury and the surrounding area, usually on a Thursday.
The publisher is Rufus Friday, and Peter Baniak is the editor.
Lochée became sole proprietor and editor in June 1843, when Tanner, dissatisfied with its progress, withdrew his support.
Crişana is an important local newspaper based in Oradea.
It was the first Jawi script Malay-language newspaper printed worldwide.
It is one of the leading regional publications in the country.
The newspaper began to form in the late 1980s after the collapse of the LGBT newsmagazine OUTWEEK.
The Mercury has been published since 1712 but its masthead formerly claimed it was established in 1695 and that it was "Britain's Oldest Newspaper".
A third film was released in December 2016.
It has been published since 1908 in Stevens Point, Wisconsin.
Formed from the 1970 merger of the Daily Journal and the Medina Register, the paper ceased publication at the end of May 2014.
Relative to other Hong Kong newspapers, Oriental Daily News has an older readership and it focuses more on entertainment-related, rather than political, topics.
Its editorial focus is the village of Minden as well as the municipalities of Minden Hills and Algonquin Highlands.
See Hua Daily News is the largest and best selling Chinese-language daily newspaper on the island of Borneo.
The Press touted a Manhattan-focused, controlled distribution system while a good portion of the Village Voice's circulation is outside of the NYC metro area.
2007 saw DC Thomson launch an advertising drive for The Sunday Post, primarily used on buses, in which the exclamation "Strip Sensation!"
Today it is owned by Hrvatska gospodarska komora and about 30,000 copies are distributed to all companies members of the Chamber.
In 1950, striking workers of the Herald launched a morning competitor, Columbia Basin News, in Pasco.
In April, Converting published its Buyer's Guide, which provided a list of 500 industry suppliers.
RD still helds the record of most published newspaper in Albania, with a circulation of 125.000 copies in 1991.
The Reformatorisch Dagblad is a Dutch protestant newspaper with a circulation of around 60,000, headquartered in Apeldoorn.
The Middleboro Gazette is a weekly newspaper founded in 1852.
In its second year, the magazine grew in circulation from 25,000 issues to 30,101.
Founded in January 1928 by a group of students led by Jose Villa Panganiban, it is one of the first student newspapers in the Philippines.
As of June 2010, The Scope switched to a monthly print schedule to reduce printing and distribution costs, and to focus on online-only content.
Publishers, and men acting their behalf, included:
SBR is widely recognized as China's leading independent, English business magazine.
The paper is part of the Johnston Press stable.
Its daily edition runs between 270,000 and 300,000 units per day.
In 1922 it first published as a four-page evening daily.
The Henley and South Oxfordshire Standard was the first organ to publish works by the author George Orwell.
Current owner GateHouse Media purchased roughly 160 daily and weekly newspapers from Hollinger in 1997.
The former owner of that paper, E. Norman Smith, then became editor with Grattan O'Leary.
Readers were encouraged to submit story and column suggestions.
Colorado Springs Business Journal, founded in 1989, is a weekly business periodical for Colorado Springs, Colorado.
It had an average circulation of 15,000 in 1973.
As of 2015, the operations of Action Advertiser and The Reporter are branded together as Action Reporter Media.
The headquarters of the paper is in Baghdad.
Between 2010 and 2011 the paper became a paid-for publication with a cover price of 30p.
It was published again in Middle Abbey Street on its revival in September 1849.
It is one of the major regional newspaper and media services for southern Illinois.
La Padania was an Italian daily newspaper, and the official press organ of the political party Lega Nord.
The Capital is a daily newspaper published in Annapolis, Maryland since 1884.
Originally, the subtitle was "A Journal of Anarchist Socialism."
Sarpsborgavisa was a free newspaper published in Sarpsborg, Norway.
It also has a daily business section and sports page as well as the monthly Culture magazine and weekly property supplement Homemaker.
It held a second panel discussion on diversity in the sports media industry in September 2009.
The Gazette easily outsold its rival, with circulation rising from more than 200,000 copies for the first issue to more than 2,000,000.
The paper has twice been named "Best Community Newspaper in B.C."
Until 2014 the paper was published from offices in Victoria Street, Morecambe by Lancaster & Morecambe Newspapers Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of Johnston Press plc.
All of Jobe's newspapers, including the Progress, are members of the Kentucky Press Association.
In 1914, Joseph Burgess was the editor.
Misionarul is a newspaper issued by the Metropolis of Bessarabia in Chişinău.
Fred Krupski started Brevard Business News in 1981, and Adrienne B. Roth purchased it in 1986.
The Gazette was founded by editor Edgar Marchant and first published on Thursday, May 14, 1846.
A Guide to Life After High School.
Elgin Courier is a newspaper in Elgin, Texas.
It is published by Xinhua News Agency.
The Glossop Gazette is a fortnightly newspaper published by Viper Press in Glossop.
Calling itself "Cornell's Liberal Voice," The Cornell Progressive focuses on political and humanitarian issues that it believed were underreported by other media outlets.
The Fort Scott Tribune is a daily newspaper serving Fort Scott, Kansas, United States, owned by Rust Communications since 2004.
Acta Apostolicae Sedis is published in Latin.
It is published by Mukwonago Publications and Journal Communications.
The newspaper, in partnership with Føroya Tele, a Faroese telecom, operates the website in.fo
The editors were unsympathetic to women's demands for the vote and the right to work for pay.
It was formed by Richard Herman, a medical student, in April 1955.
A small office within Paisley's YMCA building serves the paper.
It has three weekly issues, on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays.
Directed by María del Carmen Caputto, it remains that city's most important daily newspaper.
City Weekend also publishes a variety of free guides yearly including a Bar and Restaurant Guide and the Service Directory.
Previous owners of the Teton Valley News have included Vern Craver in the 1990s, and Fred and Elizabeth McCabe of Jackson, Wyoming.
It is located in Munich and belongs to the Müncher Merkur/tz media group.
Eqtesad-e Golestan is usually published in eight pages, with the first and last pages being in full color.
The Cord publishes every Wednesday of the fall and winter semester and monthly over the summer.
It prints Tuesdays and Fridays during the College's academic year.
Serving all of Ulster County and parts of three other counties in the Mid-Hudson Valley, the broadsheet publication has a weekday circulation of approximately 22,000.
The messages are usually printed within a few days, sometimes with comments by the editor.
The paper was geared towards tourists, and was inserted, weekly, into the Independent and Gazette during the warmer months of May through October.
The paper is owned and published by Bab Al-Kuwait Press Co.
The editor is Paul Burton, the deputy editor is Clare Jardine, the head of news is Neil Shaw and the sports editor is Andy Phillips.
Liberty Group Publishing the paper's current owners, acquired several papers from Better Built in 2005.
It has a circulation of 6,401, of whom 6,211 are subscribers.
The newspaper is published in the berliner format and online.
The Daily Courant, initially published on 11 March 1702, was the first British daily newspaper.
It later added articles in English, and eventually became a bi-lingual paper.
The C series contains reports and announcements including the judgments of the European Court of Justice and the General Court.
It is owned by the Greenspun family and is affiliated with Greenspun Media Group.
Bola is an Indonesian sports newspaper, published in Jakarta.
Pravda was a daily tabloid newspaper published in Belgrade, Serbia.
Several of the original strikers from 1978 still work for the newspaper.
GHLL is a literary journal published by Truman State University.
The Park Record is a daily newspaper published in Park City, Utah.
It is distributed throughout Southwestern Vermont and eastern New York.
The daily is considered to be the official Burmese language mouthpiece of the government of Myanmar.
Its cultural section focuses on traditional Chinese culture; articles often illustrate how traditional Chinese cultural values have applications in modern day living.
Shortly after in October 1993, the Western edition was launched in Vancouver, British Columbia.
Known as the Herald, it is subscribed to by approximately 7,000 households, and claims a readership of more than 30,000.
It originally started out as a weekly but within a year's time, it became the daily newspaper for the frontier town.
A tabloid pictorial newspaper, it reported news and events at the mines and plants with photographs and illustrations.
The first issue was produced by Paul Dorpat with $200 in borrowed capital, out of a rented storefront on Roosevelt Way NE.
It is the only newspaper that has been published in Ester; the village has been served historically by Fairbanks newspapers.
Oakland Police described the murder as an assassination.
It was founded on July 2, 1999 by a Filipino newsman Luigi Andrei Eusebio.
Founded by Al Neuharth on September 15, 1982, it operates from Gannett's corporate headquarters on Jones Branch Drive in McLean, Virginia, United States.
The University Daily Kansan is an editorially and financially independent student newspaper serving the University of Kansas.
The Comet name was adopted after less than a month after the national newspaper The Sun threatened legal action.
Kalyon Group is the current publisher, while Erdal Şafak is the editor-in-chief.
Burevestnik generally adhered to the political line from the Kropotkinite Khleb i Volia group, although anti-syndicalist viewpoints were also expressed in some of its articles.
Articles are written on any topic, and may range from reports on intramural activities to student opinions on current affairs and matters outside the campus.
Its mission is to raise public awareness on the issues of homelessness and poverty in the city and to create economic opportunities for people experiencing homelessness.
It also changed its printing schedule from afternoons to mornings.
The Malden Evening News was an independent five-day daily newspaper covering the city of Malden, Massachusetts.
It was founded as The West Lancashire Evening Gazette before being renamed the Evening Gazette, and then Blackpool Gazette.
Express Publications Limited publishes The New Indian Express from 22 centres in Tamil Nadu, Telangana, Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh, Kerala and Odisha.
The Guardian Weekly is edited by Abby Deveney, who succeeded Natalie Bennett in March 2012.
Together, the Messenger Post Newspapers cover the eastern portion of the Rochester metropolitan area.
Haratch was an Armenian language weekly newspaper published from Beirut, Lebanon 1957-1970.
Content is distributed through print, online, live events, custom media and webinars.
Arriba was a Spanish daily newspaper published in Madrid between 1935 and 1979.
Typically, a full week's worth of a particular strip was collected on a single page of The Gazette.
Its circulation area stretches from Waimate in the north down through Oamaru to Palmerston and to Otematata in the West.
It remains a signature periodical in the history of Bangladesh's socio-cultural movement.
When Stirling retired his three sons took control of the paper as Stirling Bros. On 6 July 1886 it incorporated the Morning Herald.
Boother founded the Alice Echo in 1894, publishing it as a weekly.
The Richmond News Leader was an afternoon daily newspaper published in Richmond, Virginia from 1888 to 1992.
Milenio is a major national newspaper in Mexico, owned by Grupo Multimedios.
It is the most sold daily in Kenya, with a circulation of around 1,700,000 copies.
The UWM Post is a student newspaper independently run by the students of the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee.
The Courier changed to a daily newspaper in 1890, publishing in the afternoon every day except Saturday.
PerformInk is a Chicago theater and entertainment industry website, which began in 1989 as a bi-weekly newspaper.
Făclia Ţării was a newspaper from Chişinău, Bessarabia, founded in 1912.
Dan Sweeney served as adviser to the magazine until the end of Spring 2014.
It primarily targeted the Tamil audience in Bengaluru, Karnataka, with circulation reaching the Krishnagiri district of Tamil Nadu.
Today was a national newspaper in the United Kingdom that was published between 1986 and 1995.
Co-founded in 1857 by Saul Solomon, the Cape Argus is a daily newspaper published by Sekunjalo in Cape Town, South Africa.
Sections of The Lantern include Campus, Sports, Arts+Entertainment and a Student Voice page managed by the editor-in-chief.
The newspaper being a prominent print media also has a news website and an online version of the printed newspapers freely available to all internet users.
It is a member of the Georgia Press Association.
Forge Press is the University of Sheffield's student newspaper.
Its Sunday edition is called the Miami Valley Sunday News.
The Thomson Corporation sold The Ada News, along with 11 other papers, to the American Publishing Company in 1995.
Korzár is a regional newspaper published in Kosice, Slovakia.
The Commissioner of Police Edric Potter declared that publishing of Outlet would be banned as of 31 July 1982.
Ullern Avis / Akersposten is a free, weekly local newspaper serving Western Oslo, Norway.
Published each Wednesday, the newspaper has a total circulation of 4,524 and is sold for 50 cents an issue or $24 for a yearly subscription.
The Archdiocese reported that the The Tidings reached 230,000 active adult readers every week.
The newspaper won The Sequoyah Award for best overall newspaper of its size in 2001, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2012, and 2013.
Politiken, later named Folkets Dagblad - Politiken was a Swedish Communist newspaper that existed from April 1916 to August 1940.
The owner of the paper is Alexander Kim who also owns Agym newspaper.
Le Journal du Dimanche is a French weekly newspaper published on Sundays in France.
Stêphane Dubled was the editor-in-chief of l'Enchaîné.
The Northumberland Gazette is a weekly newspaper published in Alnwick, Northumberland, England.
The name was shortly changed to The Journal and was purchased by Vivius Smith.
Uthayan is a Tamil language Sri Lankan daily newspaper published by New Uthayan Publication Limited, part of the Uthayan Group of Newspapers.
The Gateway website was most recently relaunched in 2014.
Kerns-Tribune was acquired by TCI in 1997; all the company's papers except The Salt Lake Tribune were acquired by Butch Alford the next year.
It is an affiliate of UWIRE, which distributes and promotes its content to their network.
New Europe is a weekly newspaper published in English founded in 1993.
In September 1922, Le Nationaliste merged with Le Devoir to become the later's Saturday edition, titled Le Nationaliste et le Devoir.
The Breeze publishes local news, a life section, sports and an opinion section during the academic year.
Among its other editors was Stanisław Wojciechowski, future president of Poland.
All of these newspapers together cover about a third of Baden-Württemberg.
Primorske novice is a regional daily newspaper published in Koper, Slovenia.
The Daily Press also has an online publishing team, a marketing department, a finance department, and a human resources team.
In 1938 the paper won a Pulitzer Prize for Public Service after publishing a series of articles called "Self-Help in the Dust Bowl."
Estia is Greek national daily broadsheet newspaper published in Athens, Greece.
With the demise of the Evening Press in the 1990s, the Evening Herald is now the only nationwide Irish evening newspaper.
In 1980, it was a 4-page newspaper.
It was also target in the correspondence columns of regional rivals within New South Wales, either by location or newspaper.
The chief editor of both dailies is Uddhav Thackeray and the executive editor of Marathi is Sanjay Raut and Resident editor of Hindi is Anil Tiwari.
The other two are the Journal-Courier and The Telegraph in Illinois.
The Tamil Nesan is a Tamil newspaper published in Malaysia, and the oldest Tamil newspaper in the country, established in 1924.
It is the third most read daily newspaper in Catalonia, and the most read daily newspaper written exclusively in the Catalan language.
The newspaper is also printed in English and Hindi on weekly basis.
The Dover Post is a weekly newspaper and online website published in Dover, Delaware.
The Paper's owners later launched a sister title covering the Football League, called the League Paper.
Other special issues include orientation and commencement issues; an April Fool's Day issue; and an issue centered on sex for Valentine's Day.
Founded in 1876 and daily since 1892, the Princetonian is among the oldest college newspapers in the country.
It is now owned by the Tamedia publishing group.
However, many readers and residents still refer to it as the Waukegan News-Sun to this day.
In 1998, The Citizen was acquired by CTP/Caxton.
In April 2009, Chris Cillizza of the Washington Post's "The Fix" named Save Jersey one of the nation's top state political blogs.
It also publishes dailies during major international TV trade shows.
It has been confirmed that in the 1970s, the Courier was the only hand-set hand operated press in Victoria.
Jarlsberg Avis is a local newspaper published in Holmestrand, Norway.
It focuses on counter culture and innovative creatives within the fields of music, fashion and design.
Historically the newspaper was published by the Liverpool Daily Post & Echo Ltd.
The Catholic Weekly is an English language newspaper currently published in Sydney, Australia.
The newspaper is also the only Bangladeshi publication to boast credentials and affiliations with FIFA, UEFA, and the English Premier League.
Berita Harian is the sole Malay language broadsheet newspaper published in Singapore.
Mir Khalil ur Rehman was the founder of the newspaper and his younger son, Mir Shakil ur Rehman, is the present owner.
When setting up the newspaper, he incorporated it into the titles of other local publications.
The magazine is full color and features the writing, photography and design of more than 40 students every year.
Branting stated that Bergegren had positioned himself beyond the limits of the Social-Democratic Party.
Hernando Today was a daily newspaper based in Brooksville, Florida covering Hernando County.
It also focuses heavily on celebrity matters, and has a large sports section.
Much of the content is also available on the paper's website.
As opposed to most contemporary publications, The Gargoyle was, until 2008, laid out completely by hand, forsaking desktop publishing applications for scissors and glue.
It was first published in 1889 under the banner Amesham Examiner.
These include, The Straits Times, The New Paper, Lianhe Zaobao, Shin Min Daily News, Lianhe Wanbao, Berita Harian and Tamil Murasu.
It focuses primarily on Ulster content, though it is also available throughout Ireland.
In 2000, Saldías turned it into an online-only newspaper, named Pichilemu News.
The Warminster Journal is a weekly newspaper published in Warminster, Wiltshire in South West England.
Columbia City Paper was a free alternative newspaper in Columbia, South Carolina featuring investigative articles, political commentary, humor, music, arts and entertainment coverage.
It is located out of Grundy, Virginia.
By then it was owned by Atkins' son Morris, who assumed ownership when his father died in 1893.
Karjalan Maa was a Finnish language regional newspaper published in Joensuu, Finland, between 1918 and 28 April 2011.
It is published every Monday with editorial and business address at 22 Madrazo Commercial Complex, Ponciano Reyes Street, Davao City.
Westfield News Group also publishes the Pennysaver in western Massachusetts and northern Connecticut and two weekly newspapers in the Westfield area:
Daily Lahore Post is an Urdu language newspaper based in Lahore, Pakistan.
It is the most popular English newspaper among high income, policy-making Omani, and in the diplomatic community.
Hemmat was a weekly newspaper published from Teheran, Iran.
The paper is also available in epaper format.
Industries historically tied to the area are also well-covered, such as rubber and tire production.
Landlord Law & Multi-housing Report is a news service produced in Silver Spring, Maryland by CD Publications.
Manila Headline is a Filipino-American newspaper headquartered in the 4th largest city in America Houston, Texas.
The College Tribune is UCD's oldest surviving newspaper having been published continuously for over 25 years.
Publication of The Vigilant was interrupted between July 1965 and January 1966.
Moskovskij Komsomolets is a Moscow-based daily newspaper with a circulation approaching one million, covering general news.
Mişcarea femenistă was a newspaper from Chişinău, Bessarabia, founded in 1933.
The paper was distributed to 16 provinces with local editions in Spain.
The Standard's area covers the inner-north of Adelaide's metropolitan area, from Collinswood in the south to Gepps Cross in the north.
The paper changed its name again in 1969 to Kinabalu Sabah Times but reverted in 1979 to its original.
The Daily Liberal is a daily newspaper produced in the city of Dubbo, New South Wales, Australia.
The newspaper is published by Société Neuchâteloise de Presse SA, which also publishes the French-language, daily newspaper L'Impartial in La Chaux-de-Fonds.
Rameeza Nizami is the Executive Editor of The Nation.
The Athens Daily Review is a five-day daily newspaper published in Athens, Texas, mornings, Tuesday through Sunday, and distributed throughout Henderson County.
In 2012, Local World acquired owner Northcliffe Media from Daily Mail and General Trust.
The National Post is a Canadian English-language newspaper.
Other media outlets serving this region include the community FM radio station KWMR.
It is published every day except Sunday and is owned by Trinity Mirror plc following its sale by Guardian Media Group in early 2010.
On June 1, 2016, the Bellevue Gazette published its final addition after Civitas Media announced both the Bellevue paper and the Clyde Enterprise would be shuttered.
The Jakarta Post is a daily English language newspaper in Indonesia.
The paper ceased publication after the issue of May 31, 2007.
It was published under different names from 1905 to 1951.
On 31 January 2009 the Daily Post published its final Saturday edition, and from then only published Monday-Friday.
Associated Newspapers Ireland employs over 160 people in Ireland.
Mówią Wieki is a monthly popular science history magazine published in Poland since 1958.
Al-Mashriq is a daily newspaper published in Iraq.
It was formerly owned by Berkshire Hathaway, a company headed by investor Warren Buffett.
The paper is owned and published by Bab Al-Kuwait Press Co.
It is available both in paper form and online.
Al Arab Al Yawm is a privately owned daily newspaper in Arabic language, headquartered in Amman, Jordan.
Politically, the newspaper had an independent editorial line.
The Philadelphia Tribune is the oldest continually publishing African-American newspaper in the United States.
Carter's son Eliot is the current Record-Journal publisher, and Elizabeth White, a member of the family's fifth generation, is new media director.
Indonesia Shang Bao, is a Mandarin-language newspaper published in Indonesia.
It is owned by the Gannett Company; its former owner, The E.W.
Lobsang conceived the idea of Tibet Sun in 1999, but got the domain in 2004 after chasing the parked domain for two years.
El Economista is a Mexican business and economics newspaper.
De Bok wrote a book about making the paper.
Fast Forward Weekly was a news and entertainment weekly which provides news, alternative viewpoints, entertainment information, review articles and specialized advertising.
Today it has editions in several places like Bengaluru, Mangaluru, Hubballi, Mysuru, Vijayapura, Gangavathi, Chitradurga, Shivamogga and Kalaburgi.
The newspaper is accredited by the Audit Bureau of Circulations of South Africa.
The paper was founded in 1918 as the weekly Pasco Herald.
The Concessionaire of this newspaper was Habibollah Noubakht and it was published in Shiraz since 1919.
The Oregonian received the 2001 Pulitzer Prize for Public Service, the only gold medal annually awarded by the organization.
Der Postillon also appears as an English version titled "The Postillon".
La Nouvelle République des Pyrénées is a daily newspaper published by Groupe La Dépêche and circulated in the French Department of Hautes-Pyrénées.
Diario Frontera is a Venezuelan regional newspaper, headquartered in Ejido, in the state of Mérida.
The Washington Times-Herald is a daily newspaper serving Washington, Indiana, and adjacent portions of Daviess County, Indiana.
The paper is the major paper of Jayapura, and the Papua province.
The Romford Recorder is a local newspaper for the town of Romford, the principal town of the East London Borough of Havering.
Presently Ganashakti has 3 editions in Kolkata, Durgapur and Siliguri having a daily circulation of 2,30,000.
Its primary focus is weighted towards people between 25 and 50 years old, primarily families with children.
The Times-News is the daily newspaper for Hendersonville, North Carolina, and its surrounding area.
At the time of its closure on June 6, 2011, it distributed 25,000 copies Monday through Friday in stores, coffee shops, restaurants and workplaces.
La Nueva España is a daily newspaper in Spain.
Jefferson would later resign as Secretary of State, ending Freneau's main source of income aside from the paper.
Janmabhumi publishes editions from Kochi, Kottayam, Kannur, Thrissur, Thiruvananthapuram and Kozhikode.Head of Corporate Edition Kochi is Ratheesh Thekkanattu
In September 2016 the price was raised to 60p, with the weekday edition rising to 50p.
The paper has had seven editors: Harris Dolbeare, Gardner Campbell, Robert C. Reed, Kendall Dolbeare, Janet Constantakes and Peter Rossi.
Sangbad Pratidin is a daily Indian Bengali newspaper published from Kolkata, India.
His writings on Christianity and Buddhism may have been perceived as critical of the dominant religion.
The newspaper is distributed on a Wednesday and usually consists of 32 pages.
Il Piccolo is the main daily newspaper of Trieste, Italy.
The Beaverton is a primarily online Canadian news satire publication, based in Toronto, Montreal and Whitehorse.
It printed its first issue just a few days after Núñez de Cáceres' second paper, El Telégrafo Continental de Santo Domingo, had appeared.
Published between 1894 and 1902, it was an organ of the Socialist Labor Party of America.
The Commonwealth Journal is a six-day morning daily newspaper based in Somerset, Kentucky, and covering Pulaski County.
Görög Katolikus Szemle was the organ of the Society of Saint Basil the Great 1899-1901, and by the Unio Book Publishing Company 1902-1918.
1500 copies were printed of the first issue.
In 2013, The Phillipian introduced a new section, Cross Campus, that covers news happening beyond campus bounds.
The Strathclyde Telegraph is a student newspaper which was founded in 1960 and is edited, written and produced by students at the University of Strathclyde.
In 1834, Fenwick sold the publication to two laymen—Henry Devereux, the publisher, and Patrick Donahoe, an employee who quickly became the newspaper's sole proprietor.
Florida Trend is read by business executives, government officials, and civic leaders.
According to nationwideadvertising.com, approximate circulation is 65,987; on Sunday, 81,366.
Gitanjali was a Sinhala language weekly newspaper in Ceylon published by Independent Newspapers Limited, part of M. D. Gunasena & Company.
Members of the Council are drawn from the 16 territories and the region's two universities, the University of Guyana and the University of the West Indies.
It was published from 11 May 1990 until December 1998.
The paper's founder, Rabbi Isaac Mayer Wise, and publisher, Edward Bloch and his Bloch Publishing Company, were both very influential figures in American Jewish life.
The paper has been located on Rath Avenue since the 1880s.
The subsequent report in the Gazette was highly critical of the magistrates, and of their actions.
The newspaper is printed on tabloid-sized paper, and typically features three to four stories on the front page.
It has been owned by the family of N. B.
The Times is a sister paper to two other Advance-owned publications within Alabama, The Birmingham News and the Press-Register.
Since 2012, Wayves has published articles and news online and via Facebook.
Traditionally published as a five-day-a-week print daily, halted its print edition in January 2016, citing the growth of its web edition.
The last issue of Žurnal24 was published on May 15, 2014.
Chełmer Sztyme was a Yiddish language newspaper published from the Polish city of Chełm between 1924 and 1939.
It has the largest circulation of any Ohio newspaper and was a top 20 newspaper for Sunday circulation in the United States as of March 2013.
A third title, Yo-kai Watch 3, was released in July 2016.
Yeni Ülke was a Turkish pro-Kurdish newspaper.
All students at the University are encouraged to write for the paper, with hundreds of students contributing each year.
In 1985 Diario de Chihuahua was established, and a modern five-story office building was constructed.
It was later named the College Journal from 1889 to 1893 and then The Battalion.
He introduced the new paper due to the unprecedented success of Metropolis Daily, a pioneer in this market.
Civitas, Latin for “community” or “citizen”, combined four media entities owned by Versa: Freedom Communications Central, Heartland Publications, Impressions Media, and Ohio Community Media.
The Virginia Argus ceased publication following its closure by the Union Army during the American Civil War, after which it was not revived.
The Teesside Gazette is written and published in Middlesbrough, along with many other publications.
It became a daily newspaper in 1885.
Review is an American magazine covering national and international economic issues.
Eight of its journalists are under indictment in connection with the case, which Reporters without Borders has called "absurd".
The final newsprint edition of WWD was printed on April 24, 2015, and a weekly edition was launched on April 29, 2015.
Articles from the Burevestnik Paris groups were often reproduced in the New York-based publication Golos Truda, which Rayevsky edited when he moved to the US.
The mascot of the publication, the eponymous 'Blue' who forms the apostrophe in the magazine's masthead, is a Blue Heeler.
Khurzarin is the main Ossetian language newspaper of South Ossetia.
The South London Press won the Press Gazette Regional Press Awards 2009 Newspaper of the Year for weekly newspapers above 20,000 circulation.
Oahu Publications Inc., publisher of the Honolulu Star-Advertiser, acquired The Garden Island newspaper from Lee Enterprises in January 2013.
The online version was launched in 1999.
The current editor in chief is Lorenzo Morotti.
Its offices and printing pressed were burned during the crackdown in March 1971, and it remained closed during the entire Bangladesh Liberation War.
Al-Ittihad is an Israeli Arabic-language daily newspaper based in Haifa and established in 1944 during Mandatory Palestine.
As of September 2013, it has a daily circulation of 28,267.
It was founded in 1910 as The Triangle and renamed in 1921 in honor of a local reptile, the Diamondback terrapin.
The newspaper was originally called "The Tiger."
It runs a global website in English  and in Georgian.
A. Bhutto's democratic rule, he suffered hardships and was put behind the bars.
Times Record News is a daily newspaper established in 1907 in Wichita Falls, Texas, owned by the Gannett Company.
The San Bernardino Sun began press in 1894.
For the Canadian neo-nazi group see Western Guard Party
These numbers vary from year to year and semester to semester.
The Tri-City Herald is the only major English-language newspaper in Washington east of Yakima and south of Spokane.
The company is associated with the Shizuoka Broadcasting System group.
The Edmonson News is a weekly newspaper based in Brownsville, Kentucky, and serving Edmonson County in west-central Kentucky, including Brownsville and surrounding communities.
However, for decades, Canadan Uutiset had been a Finnish community paper in Thunder Bay, without appreciable political color.
ESC Reporter is an independent news website that focuses on yhr theme of the Eurovision Song Contest.
Separate sections contain classifieds, and, depending on the city it is distributed in, local news.
The publication is owned by Stephens Media Group but was formerly owned by Wick Communications.
The target audiences of the paper which is published in broadsheet are businessmen, executives and diplomats.
The social and cultural impact of the Austin Sun is recognized through being indexed by the Library of Congress, as well as through ongoing reunion activities.
The newspaper began publishing in 1931 under the title Αθηναϊκά Νέα, with the first issue being released on May 28.
The newspaper staff also produces High Country Magazine seven times per year and the seasonal High Country Visitor Guide.
From its founding in 1976 until 2008, the paper's distribution in its print edition extended to the larger San Francisco Bay Area.
The New York Blade was a free weekly newspaper focusing on lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender issues in New York City, New York.
The Times was a daily newspaper published from March 13, 1875 to August 11, 1902 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
As of January 1, 2015 the Herald was purchased by Mid America Publishing of Hampton, Iowa.
It is published by the Ministry of Justice.
The Newberg Graphic is the weekly newspaper of Newberg, Oregon, United States.
The Times and The Sunday Times do not share editorial staff, were founded independently and have only had common ownership since 1967.
NewsDay is Zimbabwe's first independent daily newspaper since 2003.
The initial editorial team of Tunis-Socialiste consisted of Dr. Albert Cattan, André Duran-Angliviel, Joachim Durel and the Fiche couple.
Zëri i Popullit was an Albanian daily newspaper.
It was founded in 1857 by William Hill Collingridge to provide a newspaper for the City of London.
The latter had previously worked as publisher of the now-defunct government newspaper Tohi Tala Niue, but set up the private Niue Star as his own initiative.
According to an independent survey, more than 90% of Pitt students read The Pitt News each day.
In 2016, board of directors of Associated Journals Limited took the decision of relaunching the newspaper..
Hi - weekly, every Friday; English; published by Times of Oman
Founded in 1930, the paper serves the entire Rider community and is staffed solely by Rider students, with the paper's senior staff composed of undergraduates exclusively.
The newspaper has the largest circulation in the region with more than 100,000 copies per day.
Over time, it developed the ambition to grow beyond its local basis, and even beyond the national borders, as evidenced by its byline: "a national newspaper.
The Current Newspapers are a group of weeklies in Washington, DC, with editions targeted to Upper Northwest, Chevy Chase, Dupont Circle, Georgetown and Foggy Bottom.
It is the oldest newspaper on Maryland’s Eastern Shore still publishing under its original name.
It was founded as a newspaper in 1949, and its publication is funded by advertising revenues as well as funds from the student activities fees.
It is published daily from its headquarters in Perpignan, and is mainly distributed in the Aude and Pyrénées-Orientales departments.
Other staffers included Bill Narum as Art Director, cartoonist Kerry Fitzgerald, and noted music writers and musicologists Tary Owens and John Lomax III.
Midrasz is a Polish language monthly journal founded in 1997 by Konstanty Gebert, a renowned Polish journalist, war correspondent and Polish-Jewish activist.
It covers local and statewide news dealing with city government, education, politics, sustainability, food, restaurants, theater, music and "active lifestyles".
The shop had three linotypes and automatic typesetting equipment was available.
Former journalists included poet Dylan Thomas, who joined from school in 1930 but left 18 months later to become freelance.
It reports on the numerous books relating to his time.
The online version of the magazine includes the current issue and previous issues, as well as features, polls, competitions, and updates on events.
Julius Mamber was the editor of Der jüdische Arbeiter.
In addition to editorial offices in Florence, The TimesDaily maintains a state capital bureau in Montgomery.
El Acil′s manager is Nacer Tafraout, and the editor is Abdelkrim Zerzouri.
As of May 2007, the Enquirer's web site had been replaced with an ISP holding page explaining that the site was inactive.
In June 2010 the newspaper had daily average sales of 57,000 and an estimated daily readership of 320,000 people.
It was owned by Schurz Communications of South Bend, Indiana from 1965-2015.
However, it retained its distinctively hard-line nationalist stance, even during the first year of Prime Minister Ivica Račan's left-of-center government.
Farsunds Avis is a local newspaper published in Farsund, Norway.
The paper supported the candidacy of Hugo Chavez in 1998.
It was traditionally a Christian-Democratic paper, associated with the Christian-Democratic and Flemish Party, and in opposition to the Socialist Flemish daily De Morgen.
The magazine was established in 2002 and is mainly a print magazine with a minimal online presence.
Its demise left Denver a one-newspaper town, with The Denver Post as the sole remaining large-circulation daily.
In a county with heavy competition, it has been able to carve out its own niche and now has a regular weekly readership.
In July 2013, The Ledger announced that it would sell its headquarters building in Newark.
The Herald Mexico was a daily English language newspaper published in Mexico City, Mexico from 2004 to 2007.
The Public News is not to be confused with another paper by the same name that folded in 1998.
ABC launched its commercial operation on 7 January 2009.
It is located on a 14.5-acre site on St Margaret's Road, to the north of the city centre.
The Press of Atlantic City also publishes various other products, including At The Shore, the area's entertainment guide.
The Herald Democrat's daily circulation is 18,068 and 18,667 on Sunday, according to the current owner, Gatehouse Media.
The Weatherford Daily News is recognized as the legal newspaper of Weatherford, Oklahoma.
Since 1964, an alternative version of the publication, TESS, has been produced for Scotland.
The Earl Mountbatten Hospice decided to cut ties with the paper, and other advertisers withdrew.
The Stanford Review is a student-run newspaper that serves Stanford University in Stanford, California.
Indianapolis Business Journal is a weekly newspaper published in Indianapolis, United States which reports on Central Indiana business.
It was launched in 2000, with Teodoro Petkoff as editor.
In 1986, the Sun-Herald's owner, was acquired by Knight Ridder in 1986.
An image of the Newsboy still decorates the paper's nameplate.
In 2009, average weekly circulation was 114,304 copies according to the Audit Bureau of Circulations, and 2010 it was 106,446 copies.
It is one of the oldest newspapers in Italy.
The Gaysi family is a safe online space and E-zine for the queer desi based in Mumbai.
Value Expectations was created by Dan Obrycki and Rafael Resendes, the founders of The Applied Finance Group and Toreador Research and Trading.
Modelled on the British Daily Mirror, it was founded in 1961 and was published from Colombo.
The Chronicle has a "news not views" editorial policy.
Beeld was an Afrikaans-language Sunday newspaper in the late 1960s.
As of 1 January 2009, the Group Editor of the New Straits Times is Syed Nadzri Syed Harun, while Kamrul Idris Zulkifli is Deputy Group Editor.
GateHouse also publishes a daily newspaper in western Kansas, the Dodge City Daily Globe.
The Spectator is a high school newspaper published every other week by students of New York City's Stuyvesant High School.
It was formerly owned by Scripps League Newspapers, which was acquired by Pulitzer in 1996; Lee Enterprises acquired Pulitzer in 2005.
On December 24, 1967, the Morris family, which owned the Athens Banner-Herald, bought the Athens Daily News.
Starting with 1990, the paper carries its current name.
The Law Journal is published by ALM.
The paper publishes four days a week, Monday and Wednesday through Friday.
Through his editorship, over the next five decades, he became an iconic figure in American journalism and political life.
Industrial Distribution also offers the Mid-Week Report, a weekly e-newsletter that provides news, editorial, and product content similar to what's found on the website.
However, reliable estimates are available only from the early 2000s, before rival Al-Hayat launched a massive effort to increase circulation in Saudi Arabia.
Tides of Flame announced the ceasing of publication on December 17, 2012, recapping many of the themes and events covered by the publication.
Each edition is commissioned by and entirely produced for Yishu.
In addition to its regular news section, El Vocero also has business, entertainment, sports, and travel sections.
Patodi has made extreme efforts to compile every possible piece on wrestling in the magazine.
It was founded on 1 April 1907, by Clément Magloire.
Charles Moser was publisher from 1970-2009 and is currently publisher emeritus.
The Robins family continued to be involved with the newspaper directly for five generations.
Before the Civil War, the magazine "recommended the best practices for wringing profits from slaves".
The Scranton Times-Tribune is a morning newspaper serving the Scranton, Pennsylvania, U.S. area.
Milli Gazete is a conservative Turkish daily newspaper.
The RAF News is the tabloid newspaper of the Royal Air Force.
Groening was also originally a Reader music critic.
The paper has an independent political stance.
Eqtesad-e Golestan is an independent socio-economic Persian language weekly paper published in Gorgan, Golestan, Iran.
Ta Nea is a daily newspaper published in Athens, owned by Lambrakis Press Group that also publishes the newspaper To Vima.
The newspaper, like most of those in the Canadian Sun chain, are known for short, snappy news stories aimed primarily at working class readers.
The Statesman has an average weekday circulation of approximately 180,000, and the Sunday Statesman has a circulation of 230,000.
The Azerbaijan is a state-owned newspaper and public journal published by the National Assembly of Azerbaijan.
Petrowatch is an English-language market intelligence newsletter on the Indian oil industry published uninterrupted since February 1997.
The Morris family continued publishing both papers, though eventually both editorial staffs merged.
It has a circulation of 4,3 million.
It was founded by S. P. Adithanar in Madurai in 1942.
On December 11, 2011, The Daily Iowan endorsed 2012 Republican Presidential candidate Ron Paul.
It mostly targets readers who are business executives and policy makers.
It was frequently referred to as The Trib.
His adventures working with the next generation of engineers and scientists provide and interesting perspective and sometimes surprises which he reports in the blog.
The Purcellville Gazette is a weekly tabloid-style newspaper covering the area in and around Purcellville, Virginia and western Loudoun County.
Etelä-Suomen Sanomat is a Finnish daily newspaper published in Lahti, Finland.
It became Vancouver's largest and most widely read publication targeting Vancouver's gay and lesbian community.
There have been situations where left oriented journalist were forbidden to write what they want and some were fired.
The Print has a loose relationship with Clackamas News Online, the college's video journalism outlet.
The paper generally covers news on political, social, sporting, economics and other developments, particularly focusing on central Asian countries beside India.
The University of San Agustin Publications is the official student press corps of the University of San Agustin in Iloilo City, Philippines.
Esperanto is the student magazine of Monash University's Caulfield campus in suburban Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
The Cord is a member of the Canadian University Press.
Új Szó is a Hungarian language only daily newspaper published in Bratislava, Slovakia.
In 1910, the name was changed to The Sagebrush and then in 2004, to The Nevada Sagebrush.
Covered aspects: politics, economics, culture, agricultural sector, society, regional legislative documents, State procurement bulletins, tenders of the government and private companies.
Hosa Digantha is a Kannada morning daily in Karnataka.
It is published and distributed without charge to the Stanford community every two weeks during the academic year.
The paper was paid for by contributions from the Long political machine in Louisiana.
In every home there was a rush for the Chronicle or "The Buster" as it was affectionately called by many."
Following Croatia's independence after its secession and the political turmoil in the early 1990s its once large circulation steadily began to dwindle.
In 1978, he was succeeded by Alex Beale, later Alex Mitchell, who moved the magazine to its current monthly publication schedule.
When it ceased publishing in October 1956, its daily circulation was 255,000 and Sunday circulation approximately 260,000.
SciDev.Net is a company limited by guarantee and a registered charity in England and Wales.
The publication had an active social media presence.
The newspaper is printed daily at 10:00 AM CST to ensure the latest news is read and the newspaper is sold until 5:30 PM CST.
It became a weekly publication in 1995.
Bugün was founded in January 2003 as Dünden Bugüne Tercüman, an attempt to resurrect Tercüman.
The newspaper began as a blog operated by 23-year-old Habeeb, who was at home in Gaza throughout the three-week war in the winter of 2008-2009.
Ken and Phyllis Reid's son, Phillip and wife Jeanne Ann Reid purchased the newspaper in 1994.
The College Tribune is a student newspaper which serves Ireland's largest third level institution, University College Dublin.
Peloponnisos is a Greek regional daily newspaper published in Patras, the capital of the Peloponnese peninsula from which it takes its name.
The Satirist, or the Censor of the Times was a controversial 19th century British newspaper which featured reports of scandals involving well known residents of London.
The introductory price of this newspaper was ₹1 per copy.
Max Annenberg was the Detroit Mirror's local publisher and his son Ivan was circulation manager.
The Voice of Khmer Youth is a weekly newspaper published in Cambodia.
Usha Kirana was a Kannada newspaper which had its headquarters in Bangalore, Karnataka.
In July 2012, the newspaper turned down the request of a same-sex couple to announce their wedding.
The Sun Star is the student newspaper of the University of Alaska Fairbanks, formed in a merger of the Northern Sun and the Polar Star.
Each issue is typically 16 pages long and includes four sections: news, arts and entertainment, opinions and sports.
Word On The Street was a street newspaper in Baltimore, Maryland.
In September 2006, CityLife earned more awards than the other weekly newspapers in the state in the Nevada Press Association's annual Better Newspapers Contest.
He previously served as managing editor in the 1980s.
It is published by The Indian Express Group, and was launched on January 14, 1948.
In Electronic Design's Techview sections, technology editors present the latest news and products in each industry: Analog & Power, Digital, EDA, Communications, Test, and Wireless.
The cost is seventy-five cents for a single issue, or $39 a year for delivery.
It has a daily circulation of around 36,000.
The Greenock Telegraph is a local daily newspaper serving Inverclyde, Scotland.
Le Travailleur du Centre Ouest supported collectivization as the solution for the agrarian crisis.
The newspaper was founded in 1909 and today it is a subsidiary of GFR Media.
Navajivan Trust is a publishing house based in Ahmedabad, India.
The Ouray County Plaindealer is a weekly newspaper based in Ouray, Colorado and owned by 550 Publishing, Inc.
In the early years of the paper, it was not uncommon for the paper to publish local church information including sermon topics.
Chris Hughton wrote a football column for the newspaper in the 1970s.
The name Demokraten was taken in 1945, and the newspaper ultimately became non-partisan.
The Taipei Times is the third daily English-language printed newspaper to be established in Taiwan.
It is one of three newspapers in the Kawartha Division of Metroland Publishing, a company that owns newspapers across Ontario.
Nawa-i-Waqt newspaper was later led by Chief Editor Majid Nizami and his nephew, Editor Arif Nizami.
It moved back to being a weekly publication in Michaelmas 2015, and is published every Friday during term time.
Current circulation is about 10,000 for a campus of roughly 35,000 students.
Khalil-ur-Rehman is the chief editor of Urdu Times.
The Bee's editorial staff was mostly female, and the newspaper covered the black women's club movement extensively.
Its news and its editorial comment have in general been carefully coordinated, and have at most times been handled with an earnest sense of responsibility.
Various consumer-oriented features such as homes and automobiles appear on a weekly basis.
The paper was first published in August 1888 and a website has been in existence since 1998.
The Oxford Student is a newspaper produced by and for students of the University of Oxford; it is sometimes abbreviated to The OxStu.
In 1936, the Index was acquired by Merritt C. Speidel.
It covers the western Follo district, with its stronghold in Frogn and Nesodden.
14 October is an Arabic daily newspaper published in Aden, Yemen.
In addition to its daily product, The Wayne Independent produces three weekly newspapers serving nearby communities:
Die Son is an Afrikaans-language South African tabloid reporting sensational news essentially after the model of British tabloids.
Diario Democracia is a Spanish daily newspaper published from Junin, Buenos Aires Province, Argentina.
The Daily Caller is an American news and opinion website based in Washington, D.C.
In 2010, the Tribune printed its last daily edition, and was replaced by a weekly newspaper called the Waltham News Tribune.
The pressroom, with a new press and a rotary press purchased from The Defiance Crescent News, was built in 1961.
It was part of the Parizeau Affair, a political affair of the 2003 Quebec general election.
Prominent black journalists contributed to the Colored American.
Founded by Herbert Ingram, it appeared weekly until 1971, then less frequently thereafter, and ceased publication in 2003.
Out & About Newspaper is a free, monthly LGBT newspaper in Nashville, Tennessee.
As the name suggests, it had previously been an evening paper, but later moved to a morning daily.
After 24 years in production, Lucifer ceased publication in 1907 and became the more scholarly American Journal of Eugenics.
The company produces its own video content; its 'Made In Toronto' video series has won awards for its quality.
The Express-Times is a daily newspaper based in Easton, Pennsylvania, with an emphasis on local news in the Lehigh Valley.
Standart is a Bulgarian newspaper founded in 1992.
It was established on 1 December 1914.
Het Nieuwsblad is a Belgian newspaper that mainly focusses on "a broad view" regarding politics, culture, economics, lifestyle, society and sports.
It can also be bought in local news agents.
The newspaper has also embraced new media with Corkindependent.com and a presence on Facebook and Twitter.
It was founded in New York City in 1873 by Canadian engravers George-Édouard Desbarats and William Leggo, and began publication in March of that year.
Victor Ivan has lately taken the path of Mahathma Gandhi and is in the process of applying Gandhism to Sri Lanka.
The Evansville Courier & Press is a local newspaper in Evansville, Indiana.
Shaw Media's suburban group includes the Kane County Chronicle, DeKalb Daily Chronicle, Lake County Journal, Great Lakes Bulletin, McHenryCountySports.com, and PlanitNorthwest.com.
The Rockdale Citizen is a newspaper serving the community of Conyers, Georgia and Rockdale County, Georgia, USA.
The paper is printed as a broadsheet, but downsizes during the summer months as a tabloid.
The paper's main offices are in Port Angeles, with news offices in Port Townsend and Sequim.
The Midweek Mirror, later renamed The Daily Mirror, started publishing in 1995.
In 2014 the Catholic Update brand and product line was acquired from Franciscan Media by Liguori Publications.
Rodrigo and Sir Susantha de Fonseka became its editors.
The newspaper returned to a 7-day publication on September 4, 2010.
The Post was first published on November 4, 1996, by founders Elizabeth Adamo and Nancie Hammond.
On 22 March 2016, it was announced that the newspaper was shutting down by the end of the month due to financial reasons.
CaribPress is a monthly newspaper published in California, covering primarily Southern California and the West.
Since May 2010 Poslovni dnevnik also prints the Croatian-language edition of The International Weekly, The New York Times' weekly selection of articles.
WirtschaftsBlatt was the only daily financial newspaper published in Vienna, the Republic of Austria.
The newspaper was a broadsheet until March 2007 when it became a tabloid.
As editor, I’d like to thank readers for your very generous response to our website.
Naya India(Hindi: नया इंडिया), is an Indian national Hindi daily newspaper.
On July 1, 1909, the paper, now under the ownership of William S. Zimmerman and J.C. "Cliff" Kaynor, changed its name to the Evening Record.
After Long's assassination in 1935, the paper was taken over by Governor Richard W. Leche and then bought by his successor Earl Long.
It is the longest, continually running local newspaper covering the area.
Although the paper had ceased publication in 2004, the website Amazon.com still offers subscriptions.
After reporting on the changes to European freedom of panorama law in June 2015, The Signpost was consulted by a number of publications for further information.
Hadashot was a Hebrew-language daily newspaper published in Israel between 1984 and 1993.
Namdalsavisa is a daily, local newspaper serving the district of Namdal, specifically Namsos, Norway.
In 1937, the director of the newspaper was André Alliès.
Apart from one Ladino page, it is published in Turkish.
Parts of the newspaper was published in Bulgarian language.
In 1945, after the occupation, this was reversed; however, both Folkets Frihet and Vadsø Arbeiderblad were absorbed into Finnmarken.
The newspaper also carries advertising, the largest advertiser being the Swedish Patent and Registration Office.
Published on Monday with a circulation of 5,410.
Gillette News Record publishing also circulates an advertisement-only newspaper, the Gillette Advertiser.
Dinamalar has an average circulation of 9,42,812 Dinamalar is non-aligned with any political party or religious organizations.
Value Expectations is a stock blog and investment newsletter.
Each year, up to four high school seniors are selected for the four-year scholarship.
Põhjarannik is a newspaper published in Estonia.
In Jan 2009, the press was shut down and shortly after sold off as scrap metal.
Terra Nova is a weekly newspaper that covers top stories from the island of São Vicente in the island country of Cape Verde.
Foras na Gaeilge decided not to further fund the paper due to its insufficient circulation and availability.
It was the organ of the Social Republicans.
The editorial positions change on a semester-to-semester basis.
The paper is published and managed by an entity called Daily Press d.o.o.
Y. Navon was the administrative manager of the newspaper.
The title means "Macedonian Sun", referring to the Vergina Sun, which is used in the logo of the magazine.
It was the second daily newspaper issued in the city, the first being its eventual purchaser, the Gazette.
It was established in 2001 as the first online newspaper for minorities in Norway.
The newspaper's first issue was published on 26 August 2004.
It was a competitor to the Perth Gazette.
The UCSD Guardian is a student-operated newspaper at the University of California, San Diego.
In 2014, news designer Greg Cornfield's layout of a cover page made The Newseum's top ten front pages of the day.
In 1814, its name changed to Gaceta de Caracas.
In 2005 it had an average daily circulation of 26,747.
It was owned by ASP Westward LP until 2012, when it was acquired by 1013 Star Communications as part of its acquisition of Houston Community Newspapers.
It was paid for by sales on newsstalls and by subscriptions.
On September 3, 2007 the Chicago Tribune took over all home delivery and single copy of the News-Sun.
While it traces its founding to Opie in 1904, the paper had a predecessor, The Daily News, that was founded in 1890.
Bérmunkás was a Hungarian language newspaper published in the United States by the radical syndicalist trade union Industrial Workers of the World.
For the first time after the merger, the editors' office was located in Sterlitamak, moving to Ufa in 1922.
The newspaper is printed by the Newspaper Agency Corporation, which it co-owns with The Salt Lake Tribune under a joint operating agreement.
The Republican-American is a family-owned newspaper based in Waterbury, Connecticut.
Buffalo 66, The Big Lebowski - Submitted by readers
In 2012, a story by reporter Mae Azango on female genital mutilation sparked national controversy and led to the official suspension of the practice.
Wuxi Daily was the first newspaper to be available online in Jiangsu.
The Page News and Courier is Page County, Virginia’s largest general circulation newspaper and provides coverage of local and regional news, events, issues, people, and industries.
The River View Observer is an associate member of the New Jersey Press Association.
Ed Felien went on to serve on the Minneapolis City Council and to establish South Side Pride, a successful South side newspaper and news blog.
It was founded on 1 June 1918.
It is a tabloid style daily published first on 9 May 2004.
Hameed Nizami was the founder of this newspaper.
It is owned by Boone Newspapers, who purchased it from Community Newspaper Holdings in 2013.
In 1933 it was converted into the joint organ of the party obkom, the city of Engels committee and the Engels city soviet.
José Angel Santos was the editor of the newspaper.
Its Sunday sister paper is the Sunday Mirror.
As of recent times "Clareifornication" has become a trope from the past, and Anna Warden reigns quietly as "Gossip Queen".
The National was an American attempt to emulate the model of several international all-sports publications, such as La Gazzetta dello Sport, L'Equipe, and others.
It is owned by Yorkshire regional Newspapers Ltd a subsidy of the Johnston Press publishing empire.
The North Shore Times is an Australian local newspaper, serving the local government areas of Willoughby, Ku-ring-gai, Lane Cove and part of North Sydney.
It's Thursday edition is called the Weekender and provides a preview for
The Windsor and Eton Express was founded on August 1, 1812 by Charles Knight Snr and his son, Charles Knight Jnr.
The Sun's layout is based somewhat upon that of British tabloids.
The Press-Telegram is a paid daily newspaper published in Long Beach, California.
The Post Register is a U.S. daily newspaper serving the Idaho Falls, Idaho, area, as well as Jackson, Wyoming, and West Yellowstone, Montana.
The Sunday Times is the largest-selling British national newspaper in the "quality press" market category.
Walt Whitman, the 19th Century poet, was its editor for two years.
It had a pro-socialist political agenda that was hostile to the power structure in New Mexico.
Hollinger sold its remaining Canadian holdings to Vancouver-based Glacier Ventures International, later called Glacier Media, in 2006.
Reporters had gone several weeks without being paid.
The Trinidad and Tobago Express news website, then known as the Internet Express, grew quickly into one of the top visited websites about Trinidad and Tobago.
It was the organ of the Jewish Section of the Communist Party Committee of the Vitebsk Governorate.
In 1981, the News offices and printing plant moved to Dunmore Road, where it continues to operate today.
The Qing reformer Kang Youwei once said of the publication: "I owe my conversion to reform chiefly on the writings of two missionaries, the Rev.
Content is written in original version depending on the preferred language of the contributor.
Zerbey Newspapers, Inc., the parent company of the Pottsville Republican, purchased the 120 Year Old Shenandoah Evening Herald, to form the Pottsville Republican & Evening Herald.
At the same time, Peter Ong took over as its chief editor.
Kayhan is an influential newspaper in Iran.
It is published by Brunei Press, which also publishes a Malay-language daily, Media Permata.
In a theoretical free society, all individuals act voluntarily, having the freedom to obtain the power and resources to fulfill their own potential.
The Iraq Sun is an online newspaper servicing in Iraq.
The Wakefield Daily Item is an independent weekday daily newspaper published in Wakefield, Massachusetts, with issues published Mondays through Fridays.
Gomelskaya Pravda is a Russian language newspaper published in Belarus.
Over the years it had employed many leading figures from the Indo-European community, including: E. du Perron, Ernest Douwes Dekker and Tjalie Robinson.
You can also find Orlando Weekly in more than 300 red street boxes in highly visible, well traveled areas around the region.
Marine Corps Times is published by the Sightline Media Group, which is a part of TEGNA Digital, which itself is owned by TEGNA, Inc.
Pubblico was an Italian daily newspaper briefly published in Italy between September and December 2012.
The other Afrikaans-language dailies, like Die Burger, did not suffer from the dramatic growth of Die Son.
The paper also encourages a hedonistic lifestyle including alcohol, drugs, and debauchery.
It celebrated its 150th year in 2009.
"I've always thought of Hotline fondly," reflected former President Bill Clinton in a 25th-anniversary video.
At 35 cents, it remains the least expensive of the Bronx weeklies.
It changed its name to the San Francisco Foghorn in August 1928, and is one of the oldest collegiate newspapers on the West Coast.
It shares staff and resources with sister publications Today's Pulse and the Dayton Daily News and competes with The Cincinnati Enquirer.
The paper was founded by the journalist and politician Ernesto Simões Filho on 15 October 1912.
It the oldest daily newspaper in Spain, tracing its origins to 1854.
The Daily News Transcript was a five-day afternoon daily newspaper in Norwood, Massachusetts, U.S., covering the Neponset Valley of Norfolk County, Massachusetts.
Gazeta Wyborcza is a newspaper published in Warsaw, Poland.
It was influential in the Bengali renaissance and in building public sentiment leading to the indigo revolt.
The Daily Guide is a daily newspaper published in Pulaski County, Missouri, United States.
It was founded by a group of friends from Carleton College.
Its principal distribution area encompasses the cities of San Jose, Los Gatos, Campbell, Saratoga, Santa Clara, Sunnyvale, Cupertino, Milpitas, Mountain View, Los Altos and Palo Alto.
The Hometown Journal is a weekly newspaper published in Struthers, Ohio and distributed nationally.
At the Communist Party national convention in the spring of 1925 Scheflo was reinstated.
It has a circulation of 8,418, of whom 8,005 are subscribers.
It was established in 1920 through the merger of two local papers, the Journal and Free Press and the Courier.
A prosecutor stated that the paper's coverage had been found to be "detrimental to the country’s national security".
Asia Times Holdings Limited is a media conglomerate based in Hong Kong, with outposts on several continents.
It was the evening edition of Ta Kung Pao.
Its coverage is York, Chester, and Lancaster counties.
El Eco Obrero was a workers publication published from Sucre, Bolivia.
Correio dos Açores is a Portuguese newspaper, published daily from Ponta Delgada, in the archipelago of the Azores.
The Assam Tribune is an English daily newspaper published from Guwahati and Dibrugarh, Assam.
The Trinidad and Tobago Express is one of three daily newspapers in Trinidad and Tobago.
Florida Today is the major daily newspaper serving Brevard County, Florida.
It had a circulation of around 4,000.
Correio was a Portuguese-language newspaper published in Luxembourg.
The Concessionaire of this magazine was Mirza Ebrahim Nahid and it was published in Shiraz since 1909.
Also, as of May 4, 2015, the Lancaster News paper, a 7-day publication, is now printed in the same facility as the Patriot-News.
The Weatherford Democrat is a five-day daily newspaper published in Weatherford, Texas, on Tuesday through Friday and on Sunday.
Two alumni have been seated on the Pulitzer prize board.
It is run entirely by students at Texas A&M University-Kingsville, with limited oversight by a faculty advisor.
Héctor Rodríguez, Member of Parliament, textile workers' leader and the National Propaganda Secretary of the Communist Party, served as the director of Verdad.
The paper began publication in 2004 and ceased publication in 2012.
The Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, also known simply as the "PG", is the largest daily newspaper serving metropolitan Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States.
The company was moved to Guangzhou and published another newspaper called Nanfang Daily.
The others include the Letterkenny Post, the Finn Valley Post and the Inish Times.
After the official founding of the town of Ellensburg, that paper became the Ellensburg Localizer.
The Jewish Star was a newspaper which appeared in two editions, both produced in Calgary, Alberta, from 1980 to 1990.
By 1973/74 the Independent Newspapers publications had become vocal critics of Sirimavo Bandaranaike's government.
El Punt was a Catalan daily newspaper based in Girona, Catalonia.
The paper ceased daily paper publication with its April 26, 2008 edition.
It originated as the Minneapolis Tribune in 1867 and the competing Minneapolis Daily Star in 1920.
Owner James Ibori intervened, promising to pay the arrears and re-hire the workers, and the strike was called off.
Abiola, the publisher, to apologise to President Ibrahim Babangida over a critical story about the military regime.
In 1963 news items were included with paper's content.
The newspaper belongs to AS Äripäev, which is owned by the Swedish family-owned media group Bonnier.
As of 1937, its director was Lucien Roquigny.
Alwasat is an Arabic-language Kuwaiti daily newspaper owned by the Alwazzan family .
XY published issue 50 in October 2016 after an eight-year hiatus since 2008, during which most of its staff published as B Magazine.
This magazine was a reference in the treatment of contemporary issues of the French education system.
The newspaper is member of the National Press Association, and an active member of the Inter-American Press Society.
The Amherstburg Echo was a newspaper which served Amherstburg, Ontario from 1874 to 2012.
The News was edited by Bill Baggs from 1957 until his death 1969.
It was published on Thursdays and Sundays.
The paper was the recipient of at least one award from the Alaska Press Club each year from 2002 to 2008.
Originally launched as a weekly newspaper in 1921, it has been repeatedly closed and relaunched, most recently in 2011.
Nuacht24 is an Irish language news website and weekly online newspaper with a weekly printed editionbased in Belfast, Northern Ireland.
Early Texas German settler and botanist Ferdinand Lindheimer was the first editor when the newspaper began as the weekly German-language publication Neu-Braunfelser Zeitung in 1852.
The paper is published six days a week; the masthead of the Saturday edition is held in light blue.
It should not be confused with the Cornell Law Review, with the earlier literary journal of the same name, or other publications.
Founded in 1851, the Oregon Statesman later merged with the Capital Journal to form the current newspaper, the second-oldest in Oregon.
The Herald is the official newspaper of Williams County, North Dakota and the main newspaper covering northwestern North Dakota and northeastern Montana.
Argentine exile, Rodolfo Terragno, was at one time its editor-in-chief.
Its predecessor was Chunghwa Cheng Chi Pao from Nancheng, Jiangxi, which retreated to Quemoy following the Chinese civil war.
The team at the magazine have also won a number of individual nationally recognised awards.
Dnyaprovets is a Russian language newspaper published in Belarus.
Language of publication has also become a significant issue, as government language requirements strain publishers' budgets.
SDGLN partners with other media outlets who contribute content.
It was a 16-page monthly that was published 10 times a year with a suggested contribution of $18 a year.
The brothers switched circulation patterns once again, delivering in the morning to rural residents and in the afternoon for city subscribers.
Each issue includes opinion and commentary of the Indie music scene as well as reviews on books, DVDs and albums.
It circulates in Aragua, Carabobo, Guárico and Miranda states, as well as a small circulation in Caracas.
Monroe and co-owner Job N. Cookus left the newspaper to serve in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War.
As of 2014, the paper's publisher is Georgia Newton, and the editor is Peggy Savage.
The Heckler is a satirical sports newspaper created in 2003 by Brad Zibung and George Ellis.
Around March/April 1941 it re-appeared as a clandestine publication in Brest, no longer as a weekly.
The news section covers local and national news, focusing on events at the College.
In 2013 it had a circulation of around 100,000.
It is the second largest producer of cotton in India, and its stock exchange is the country's second oldest.
In effect, the National Observer would offer the kind of quality non-financial journalism that the Wall Street Journal once featured in its front-page "leaders".
Hayden and became a daily in 1928.
Gambit features reporting about local politics, news, food and drink, arts, music, film, events, environmental issues and other topics, as well as listings.
Railway Market – Central and Eastern European Review - also known as Railway Market - CEE Review.
Novadnieks is a regional newspaper published in Latvia.
Wednesday Journal is a newspaper publisher based in Oak Park, Illinois.
Vecherniy Minsk is a Russian language newspaper published in Belarus.
Launched in October 2008, it marked its third anniversary on October 2011 with the launch of the tabla!
The newspaper has been the recipient of journalism awards from the Alaska Press Club, the Columbia Scholastic Press Association, and other groups in past years.
The publisher of both newspapers is Washington Archbishop Donald Cardinal Wuerl, whose biweekly column "The Teaching of Christ" appears in both papers and on both websites.
The newspaper is published once a week, every Wednesday.
LaGrange Daily News is a newspaper owned by Boone Newspapers, Inc. which owns community newspapers throughout the Southeast, Texas, Minnesota, Kentucky, Ohio and Michigan.
Il Sole 24 Ore is an Italian national daily business newspaper owned by Confindustria, the Italian employers' federation.
That summer, Kelly sold the paper to the Cobb family—which went on to run the paper for 70 years.
Its offices are based in Ventura Park Road, Bitterscote, and its current editor is Gary Phelps.
Its slogan was: "A weekly illustrated family magazine for everyone who tills the soil".
Laney is the largest of the four colleges of the Peralta Community College District which serves northern Alameda County.
The paper's website has 3,500 paid subscribers.
Photographs in the CT, as it's popularly known, are provided by the Student Publications Photo Staff, also a division of the EMCVT.
The newspaper was acquired by its former general manager Phil Cobb via his Cobb Publications company from GateHouse Media in December 2013.
Five months after the demise of the daily, a new group of intellectuals started publishing Nor Haratch.
Achaikos Kyrix was a newspaper that was founded in 1840 in Patras, Greece.
Panorama is a newspaper published in Albania.
Al Sahwa is an Arabic weekly newspaper published in Sana'a, Yemen.
The Tulsa Tribune was an afternoon daily newspaper published in Tulsa, Oklahoma from 1919 to 1992.
The CPNI also published the newspaper The Red Hand.
Marco A. Rápalo served as the Chief Editor and administrator of the newspaper.
It was established on 10 June 2008, and is owned by Fairfax Digital.
The company is classified under newspaper publishing and printing manufacturers.
News Review Messenger is a weekly suburban newspaper in Adelaide, South Australia, part of the Messenger Newspapers group.
Its editorial offices are located at 1211 Avenue of the Americas.
Its main competitors in printed media are TheMarker of the Haaretz group and Calcalist published by Yedioth Ahronoth Group.
Pogledi was a Serbia-based magazine devoted to politics and history, published biweekly.
The Kasaragod Vartha is a local newspaper published in the town of Kasaragod, in the Indian state of Kerala.
Agder Flekkefjords Tidende is the local newspaper for the southern Norwegian town of Flekkefjord, and the surrounding region of western Vest Agder and eastern Rogaland.
The paper is primarily a North Cork newspaper, and also publishes a separate edition for Muskerry.
The Huntington News is the independent student-run and operated newspaper of Northeastern University, a private research institution in Boston, Massachusetts.
Initially a weekly newspaper, it was soon published daily due to intense interest.
Ideologically, The Liberal challenged the concept of 'liberalisms', arguing for the continuity of the liberal tradition, which finds its modern expression in social liberalism.
One of two major newspapers published in the Tampa Bay area, the Tribune was second in circulation and readership to the Tampa Bay Times.
The Journal Pioneer is a daily newspaper published Mondays through Saturdays in Summerside, Prince Edward Island, Canada.
The Local Rag is funded by advertising.
The Times Leader, in the heart of coal country, was subject to a very bitter strike that began October 6, 1978.
'Le Courrier du Sud is owned by Transcontinental.
Band Close ups - one on one interviews
Donrey had owned both papers since 1967.
Guizhou Daily is the largest provincial newspaper by readership of the southern Chinese province of Guizhou.
A 2005 website redesign placed The A.V.
It claims a readership mostly of ABC1 homeowners living in France.
It existed from 1826 to 1837, and again from 1842 to May 27, 1899.
Clay County Progress is a weekly newspaper based in Clay County, North Carolina, covering Clay and Cherokee counties in North Carolina and Towns County, Georgia.
Nationally, El Periódico was Spain's fifth-highest circulation general-interest daily in 2011.
It is one of the Philippines' newspapers of record.
The Meadville Tribune is a seven-day morning daily newspaper published in Meadville, Pennsylvania, and covering Crawford County.
Falak Sher is a former justice of Supreme Court of Pakistan and a former Chief Justice of Lahore High Court.
The publication features political news items and public policy briefings, lists, surveys, feature stories, profiles, opinion columns and analysis.
It is owned by Kalanidhi Maran's Sun Network.
It was first published on July 4, 1898, founded by William M. Higgins.
IBTimes was launched in 2005; it is owned by IBT Media, and was founded by Etienne Uzac and Johnathan Davis.
"Police said he refused to leave the Locals Corner store around 2 a.m. when asked repeatedly by the worker and responding officers," the competing newspaper reported.
It is based in Harare and has a staff of 16.
Shaw Media's suburban group includes the Northwest Herald, Kane County Chronicle, Daily Chronicle of DeKalb, and The Herald-News of Joliet.
By 1973/74 the Independent Newspapers publications had become vocal critics of Sirimavo Bandaranaike's government.
In the 2016 Ferdinand G. Aponte Rivera create an online edition of the'El Imparcial to continue the legacy of this newspaper.
The sport section features extensive coverage of Wycombe Wanderers football club who play at Adams Park, High Wycombe.
In 2003 the Communist Party of Ireland launched the Socialist Voice as a monthly publication of the party from Dublin.
The paper is only distributed on weekdays and is aimed at the working class.
Thejas is a Malayalam news daily run by Intermedia Publishing Ltd., a public limited company based in Kozhikode.
The Fort Morgan Times is a daily newspaper in Fort Morgan, Colorado.
By 2013, the last issue has been published in 2011.
It used to be well known for its commentaries on politics and social issues in the 1990s.
Similarly Greenpeace-like organizations are called eco-socialists or eco-terrorists, which only claims to care about ecology.
The Register Forum is the official student-run newspaper of the Cambridge Rindge and Latin School in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
The yearbook has kept the same title each year, with the exception of 1918 and 1919.
It is owned by the KM Group and is published on Wednesdays.
Kwong Wah Yit Poh went into a decline in the 1960s after the death of two directors.
The Daily Nexus receives about two thirds of its funds from advertising revenue.
The newspaper covers cities and towns in parts of Franklin, Kennebec, Penobscot and Somerset counties.
It is casually referred to on and around campus as "The M-Times."
Founded by A. W. Merrick and W. A. Laughlin, it was the first newspaper in Deadwood, located in what was then Dakota Territory.
The Brecon County Times was a weekly English-language newspaper, with a Conservative bias, published in Wales.
"The Kiss of Life" by Rocco Morabito depicted a city utility lineman reviving a colleague with mouth-to-mouth resuscitation atop a utility pole.
The paper serves the city of Redmond and neighboring communities in northern Deschutes County, focusing on local news and events.
In the same way, Vartha Bharathi is Karnataka's Guardian," he lauded.
In 2000, the newspaper was rebranded as the North Bay Bohemian and the circulation area was expanded to Marin and Napa counties.
Ming Pao New York and Ming Pao San Francisco ceased operations on 31 January and 14 February 2009, respectively.
It is published on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays by Western Communications and has a circulation of 2,304.
Contributors included members of the local Latino Photography Project, whose work ran as an ongoing series called "La Vida".
Another investigative series, Getting Away with Murder, examines the scope of unsolved homicides in Los Angeles County.
In 1999, it moved from afternoon to morning publication.
It then became a daily newspaper in 1929.
Politico Europe debuted in print on April 23, 2015.
The many historic evidence was noticed in the mythological books, the historic name of Kurankhed was mentioned as Kuntinpur.
In the 1970s Miguel A. García Méndez bought the newspaper.
The Bozeman Daily Chronicle is a daily newspaper published in Bozeman, Montana.
Daily Sun is an English-language daily newspaper published in Dhaka, Bangladesh, founded in 2010.
The Pennsylvania Report is an independent bi-weekly subscription-based political newspaper published in Pennsylvania.
In February 2013 the paper announced that it would be sold to Berkshire Hathaway's BH Media Group, controlled by Warren Buffett.
It also regularly publishes magazine supplements on special occasions.
To date, the Gazette van Detroit has still many subscribers in North America and in Belgium.
In January 2006 it was purchased by Alta Newspaper Group, a partnership of Glacier Ventures International and former Hollinger executive David Radler.
As of June 2008, total BPA audited circulation is 20,001 print subscribers.
The Star is marketed in South Yorkshire, North Derbyshire and North Nottinghamshire and reaches its readers through its main edition and district edition for Doncaster.
The editor-in-chief is Onwuchekwa Jemie while the editor of the daily paper is Anthony Osae Brown.
It has existed since the union's formation in 1977.
Meanwhile, the actual editors of Metro Pulse declined to sign their severance agreements, which included a non-compete clause with the News Sentinel.
One of the most successful Russian newspapers of the 19th century, Golos supported the liberal capitalist reforms in Russia.
For the ACLM the newspaper played a very important role.
In 1969 Morris Communications bought the newspaper.
It is currently edited by his son, Walid Abu-Zalaf.
Al-Watan is a daily morning Arabic language political newspaper based in Doha, Qatar.
Advertisers also take advantage of Town Topics availability, and the back pages of the newspaper are largely occupied with real estate advertisements.
The website for the Trinidad and Tobago Express was first registered in 1997 and launched subsequently very soon thereafter.
Southern Metropolis Daily is a daily Tabloid newspaper published in Guangzhou, sister to the Southern Daily and part of the giant Southern Media Group.
Mundo Deportivo is a Spanish nationwide daily sports newspaper published in Barcelona .
The Daily Nation is a Kenyan independent newspaper.
In 2008 it had a print run of 2200 copies and a circulation of 1884 people.
The National Library of Australia in Canberra holds a complete set of these papers, and the digitized versions are available online.
Under röd flagg sought to bring together writers from the political peripheries of the Social-Democratic Party.
After the war, the Journal cut down to twice-weekly publication, then tri-weekly in 1949 after it closed a sister paper, The P.E.
It is the third largest general-interest newspaper in Spain, and the oldest newspaper still operating in Madrid.
It has its headquarters in Warri, Delta, and Abuja.
Richardson, Amanda: Co-Worker at the Pennsylvania German Cultural Heritage Center.
The newspaper is published every Friday in Elizabeth.
OC Weekly was founded in September 1995 by Will Swaim, who acted as editor and publisher until 2007.
An organ for the Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg and the neighbouring areas".
Today Daily News is a Chinese language newspaper in Canada, launched on November 1, 2005.
Students enrolled in staff classes produce the newspaper, which is managed by working professionals who also serve as professors.
It was owned by Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation until it was acquired by real estate tycoon Robert Kuok in 1993.
The first issue was published on April 27, 1911.
Originally based in Charles Street, Greenock, the printing works were bombed during the Greenock Blitz in May 1941.
But the newspaper stressed it was never a "mouthpiece" of Komsomol.
Al-Quds is a Palestinian Arabic language daily newspaper, based in Jerusalem.
In 2014 it won the Sequoyah Award in the state's largest circulation category.
As Weekend the publication focussed on feature writing, photography and comics and dropped the Standard's news and fiction components.
It also organises The Sunday Times Oxford Literary Festival, held annually, and The Sunday Times Festival of Education, which takes place every year at Wellington College.
It was founded by employees of another newspaper, the Jefferson Jimplecute, who left in a dispute over pay.
Al-Madina is an Israeli-Arabic local newspaper, printed weekly in tabloid format, published and distributed for free in Israel.
In 1979, The Pilot celebrated its 150th anniversary and featured special information about the newspaper's history.
The newspaper was founded in 1898 by F. L. Morel, who served as its editor-in-chief during its initial period.
Al-Sudani is an Arabic daily newspaper in Sudan.
In 2008 it switched from tabloid to berliner.
Its first issue was for December 1972–January 1973.
It is Alaska's oldest newspaper, established 1900.
As the only French newspaper created by the German occupants, it was meant to replace Candide and Gringoire.
Recently stories about the NYPD ban on the Bronx Puerto Rican Day festival and the Co-op City kickback scandal have received wider attention.
Slobodna Dalmacija is a Croatian daily newspaper published in Split.
The newspaper's headquarters is in downtown Minneapolis.
Langley and his wife printed the paper out of their house, with a news policy of "Barre first and the rest of the world after."
The Peabody Gazette-Bulletin is a local weekly newspaper for the cities of Peabody, Burns, Florence in the state of Kansas.
The Daily Advertiser covers international, national, state, and local news in the six parishes of Lafayette, Acadia, Iberia, St. Landry, St. Martin, and Vermilion.
But it had lost 2 million dollars in sixteen months despite having made huge gains in both circulation and advertising revenue during the spring of 1932.
The Lewis Flyer newspaper is the official student publication of Lewis University.
He was the longest serving editor of a regional newspaper in Ireland at the time of his retirement.
Herald, merged in 1937 to form the current newspaper, which was known as the Washington C.H.
Aftenposten is a private company wholly owned by the public company Schibsted ASA.
Every Sunday a supplement was published, with the main newspaper dedicated to creative writing, including poetry, essays and stories.
Aksharanadam is a Malayalam language newspaper that is published from Kottayam, Kerala, India.
Previous editors were Conor Brady, Vincent Browne, Peter Murtagh, Matt Cooper and Paddy Murray.
Donegal on Sunday was a local tabloid newspaper published in County Donegal, Ireland.
The Star-News is a member of Southern California News Group, since 1996.
A Charlotte, North Carolina, print edition was founded in 2002 and discontinued in 2008.
The issue for 15 December 1978 was the last, and it was then incorporated by the Kilmore Free Press.
It is owned by the Gannett Company.
It has a daily paid circulation of approximately 17,000 copies, and covers local, national and international news.
During the National Dialogue MAP-ML demanded that the properties of El Pueblo be returned to them, a demand that was accepted by the government.
Khao Sod is managed by Kanchai Boonparn, who also oversees the Matichon Group as a whole.
New Directions for Women is still helping women, pregnant women, and their children find recovery.
It is a biweekly pamphlet available from the Government Printing Office Superintendent of Documents.
After his murder, the Steunenbergs sold it to Rees H. Davis, editor of the Idaho Woman.
The newspaper is notable for introducing The Adventures of Tintin to France, as well as Sylvain et Sylvette, the comics of Marijac, and of Cabu.
The Record absorbed the Hays County Citizen on July 6, 1978.
It was recognized as one of the principal web periodicals in Armenia.
It offers didactic analysis on various subjects of international relations and foreign affairs, encompassing global politics, economics, European integration and transnational problems.
It covers West Virginia University and its sports programs very closely, often to the exclusion of other news.
It is the longest-running circulated newspaper in Myanmar.
Both the dailies promises its readers a fresh and pleasant look every day on the Stands and Screens.
The finalized pages are transmitted via Internet to various printing presses all over North American.
Sarvajana Nesan was formed by a group of Ceylonese Muslims to oppose M.K.
The Tulane Hullabaloo is the weekly student-run newspaper of Tulane University in New Orleans, Louisiana.
That same year, Billy and Charles Morris purchased the newspaper.
Issues for years 1868-1884 have been digitized and are available for free online at Chronicling America and the Illinois Digital Newspaper Collections.
The current publisher is Leah S. Dunaief.
It was named one of the "10 that do it right" by the publishing trade journal Editor and Publisher in 2009 and 2013.
The paper includes a daily religious feature on "The Home Forum" page, but states the publication is not a platform for evangelizing.
Inside Higher Ed publishes the American Association of University Professors' Faculty Compensation Survey data.
Not to be confused with the National Catholic Register.
The Munster Express office is located on the Quay in Waterford City.
Each issue consists of a main dossier dedicated to a major topic of International relations, European affairs, a transnational or a regional matter.
The court found that Søndagsavisen had wringfully published a series of articles claiming that Ecobaby, a producer of baby dummies, were using phthalates in their production.
was the chief editor of the newspaper.
It was founded in May 1997 by Joseph Farah with the stated intent of "exposing wrongdoing, corruption and abuse of power".
The paper increased to semi-weekly publication in 1919 and to a six-day-a-week schedule on September 6, 1948.
This publication, formerly published by CD Publications, has been discontinued, and is no longer published.
The Economist, a British weekly international affairs magazine, referred to India Abroad as a daily publication of “unusually high quality”.
BBC News described the case as sparking "wide public interest with pleas from media rights groups worldwide demanding his release".
The newspaper covers news, arts and culture, and sports information relevant to University of Ottawa students and nearby community, and contains a feature article each week.
The Cadet focuses almost entirely on issues related to the Corps of Cadets and seldom runs articles about off-campus topics.
It was founded on December 26, 2006.
At the time, LaBorde described The Town Talk as "an overgrown country weekly published on a six-day basis."
Although it concerns itself primarily with news from Inverclyde, West Renfrewshire and North Ayrshire it occasionally runs national stories on its front and inner pages.
Its editorial policy has sparked public controversies in Iceland.
Marcellus News is a weekly news publication based in the town of Marcellus, Michigan.
Founded in 1855, it is the second oldest continually running newspaper in the state, with a weekday circulation of 9,502 and a Sunday circulation of 10,211.
It took its name from the old day Cetinje monthly newspaper that was published in the old Montenegrin state at the beginning of the 20th century.
Boulder Weekly is an alternative newsweekly that publishes every Thursday in Boulder, Colorado.
It appears every two months and is distributed worldwide in concept stores, design boutiques and museum bookshops.
Due to decreasing readership, Arpik Missakian, owner and editor-in-chief, decided to close it down.
Its Sunday edition is highly regarded for its reviews on culture and new technologies while its Monday edition is mainly sports oriented.
Prosper Magazine was a monthly publication that focused on business and lifestyle in the Sacramento area.
Adevărul is a Romanian daily newspaper, based in Bucharest.
It is available daily online at www.LongIslandPress.com.
Its headquarters are in Chesterfield and much of its coverage centres on the town and the surrounding area.
In spring 2012 a decision was made by the newspaper's owners that the newspaper would become a weekly publication, along with several other local newspapers.
Its offices are located at 600 Ludington St. in downtown Escanaba.
Las Provincias is a Spanish language regional newspaper published in Valencia, Spain.
The name ‘14ymedio’ characterizes the project in several ways.
It has a good reputation among diplomats and Maldivians abroad as a reliable news source.
The paper was established in 1993 by John Magee, who is its publisher.
It is the result of the combination of two separate newspapers – the Waterbury American and the Waterbury Republican.
Reprints of edited versions of the original issues were also published in Kirtland under the title Evening and Morning Star.
The "Broken Arrow Ledger" was a weekly newspaper, published on Wednesdays and delivered mostly for free in Broken Arrow, Oklahoma.
In addition to publishing news reports and analysis, the website hosts a multi-author blog platform.
The Irish Worker's Voice is the official newspaper of the Communist Party of Ireland.
It is currently owned by HD Media Co. LLC.
It featured a back-page rumor column penned by the pseudonymous Mac the Knife.
In October 2013 the combined paid print and digital circulation of the Financial Times reached nearly 629,000 copies, the highest circulation in its 125-year history.
La Gazette, originally Gazette de France, was the first weekly magazine published in France.
The Coffs Coast Advocate website is part of the APN Regional News Network.
Lieutenant-General Chalor and several other police officers were arrested, found guilty, and sentenced to death.
It declined rapidly under various owners, and was re-launched as a populist tabloid in 2006.
The Daily Tidings is distributed Monday through Saturday mornings.
The newspaper was first published on June 26, 2005.
The Samaya is an Odia daily newspaper published from the capital city of Bhubaneswar.
The Morung Express is a daily with 12 pages on most days.
Fine Gael TD Joe McHugh brought a copy of the newspaper to Leinster House to inform his leader Enda Kenny.
Dr Sanders‚ last home was on the hill, surrounded by a garden and orchard, fronting James and Bow Streets.
The 1970-71 editorial board drew inspiration from a quote by Robert Maynard Hutchins: "A free press is the nexus of any democracy".
The publication is distributed exclusively in Ontario and Quebec, primarily throughout the Greater Toronto and the Greater Montreal areas.
The Middletown Journal was a morning newspaper published in Middletown, Ohio, United States seven days a week by Cox Media Group.
The legal predecessor of the Primorski dnevnik was the Partizanski dnevnik, published illegally during World War II.
March 1932 saw the last edition of The Irish Worker
After suffering a stroke in April 2013, Walker announced his retirement effective Feb. 28, 2014.
El Caribe was a biweekly newspaper published from Roatán, Honduras.
Founded in 1987, it is the largest and most influential alternative paper in Northeast Florida.
The Daily News covers Hillsdale County, Michigan, including the city of Hillsdale and the cities and villages of Camden, Jonesville, Litchfield, Pittsford and Reading.
It is the flagship publication of the school.The newspaper's constitution grants the paper editorial independence.
In the last year of its existence when censorship on Ukrainian language was dropped, the periodical was renamed Ukraine and was published in Ukrainian.
In 1999 it was acquired by Europapress holding publishing company and since 2001 it is regularly published on Sundays.
With a population of 3.8 million people, it is the fourth-largest market in the Midwest, and Ohio's largest media market.
The Santa Cruz Sentinel is a daily newspaper published in Santa Cruz, California, covering Santa Cruz County, California, and owned by MediaNews Group Inc.
Israeli was an Israeli daily Hebrew language newspaper distributed for free in railway stations, bus terminals, and Delek gas stations.
It has three weekly issues, on Tuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays.
The Detroit Free Press is the largest daily newspaper in Detroit, Michigan, USA.
The Sun was a Burmese language newspaper published in Burma.
In a move to downplay concerns that the newspaper was merely a propaganda mouthpiece Fashizmi was closed down in March 1940 and replaced by Tomori.
The Medium is the student-run weekly entertainment and comedy newspaper at Rutgers University with the purpose of promoting the message of free speech.
Newspapers were just forums of political debate with classified ads.
After January 1918, its successor was the daily newspaper România Nouă.
Founded in October 1971 by Elí Altamirano.
The Enterprise was established in 1912 with its first issue being published on December 4, 1912.
The Cairo Bulletin began publication in Cairo, Illinois, on December 21, 1868.
Greenwich Time is a daily newspaper based in Greenwich, Connecticut, United States.
It is published by Moremi Publishing House Ltd, of Osogbo, Osun State.
The Connexion reports news stories of events in France and provides advice for expatriates living there, including French property, healthcare, tax and law.
The gazette is printed by the Government of India Press.
The Financial News & Daily Record is an American daily newspaper, founded and continuously published in Jacksonville, Florida since 1912.
Amar Desh is a daily newspaper in Bangladesh, published from Dhaka in the Bengali language since 2004.
Since August 2005, the newspaper has been printed on a cyclostyle machine and the size has been reduced to A4.
It was established as a newspaper of Frunze City Committee of the Communist Party of Kirghizia.
The paper is distributed free of charge to homes in parts of the country.
It also covers activities of Congress and federal agencies.
The publication's name comes from the River Finn which flows through the area.
The Leitrim Post was a local newspaper covering County Leitrim in northwest Ireland.
Inside Higher Ed has been recognized by The Association for the Study of Higher Education.
Owned by Horizon Publications Inc., it publishes Monday through Saturday.
PZ has established its own internet homepage where it offers a news summary free of charge.
Brabants Dagblad is a daily Dutch newspaper.
The Donegal Democrat group is owned by Iconic Newspapers, who publish several other titles in counties Donegal and Londonderry.
It is the oldest continuously published newspaper in South Africa, having first been published on 27 February 1846.
It is the first private specialized independent paper of the country.
It is sold in all major cities in India.
The magazine was originally a monthly print newspaper which now publishes exclusively online.
It is published Monday to Friday but also appears as a sister publication called The Weekend Advertiser on Saturdays.
Freedom's Journal was the first African-American owned and operated newspaper published in the United States.
Generation has strict freedom of speech accommodations in its charter, which was written by Coppolino in the aftermath of The Current incident.
Brown, a Cincinnati-based family business, declared bankruptcy and was reconstituted as Ohio Community Media in 2010.
The Canadian Illustrated News was a weekly Canadian illustrated magazine published in Montreal from 1869 to 1883.
In 2015, The Phillipian discontinued on-campus paid subscriptions and offered the paper to students and faculty free of charge.
Its great appeal was that it was available very shortly after all the Saturday 3pm games had been completed.
e-zone is a Hong Kong IT magazine which is published every Thursday.
Echo des Ostens was a newspaper published daily from Königsberg.
In addition to these social and political topics, the Exponent included poems and stories, tidbits of humor or wisdom, and current news.
It has an estimated readership of 65,500, which means it reaches about 25% of Saint Paul.
Subscriptions to the Weekly Collegian and The Daily Collegian, as well as back issues, can be purchased.
The award is presented by the National Association of Local Newspapers.
The Echternacher Anzeiger started business on 10 May 1863.
According to its website, The Journal-Patriot traces its beginning to the establishment of The Wilkes Patriot by Charles H. Cowles in 1906.
Former reporters have gone on to work for the Financial Times, Reuters, New Zealand Press Association, NZ Newswire and Fairfax New Zealand.
It was produced in 1935 and 1936 with a total of sixteen issues.
The newspaper shares some editorial content with The Oklahoman.
Dainik Tribune is an Indian Hindi-language daily newspaper published from Chandigarh, New Delhi, Jalandhar, Dehradun and Bathinda.
It is supported by a combination of advertising revenue and a $5 refundable tax that students pay at each semester's matriculation.
The newspaper was published in a tabloid sized format, instead of broadsheet sized.
Kompas also manages an online portal KOMPAS.com, which contains updated news and the digital version of the paper.
Graphic Sports, the most read sports news in Ghana, is also a product of the company.
The Hudson Independent is a monthly newspaper serving the Westchester communities of Tarrytown, Sleepy Hollow, Irvington, Greenburgh, Scarborough, and Ardsley.
The Oakville Beaver is a locally distributed community newspaper in Oakville, Ontario, Canada.
Georgian Journal was a Georgian weekly newspaper published by the Kviris Palitra Publishers.
The Weekly Post is a weekly newspaper based in Locust, North Carolina covering Stanly County and southern Cabarrus County.
From 13 December 1902 the banner head read the Prahran Telegraph, with which is incorporated the St Kilda Advertiser and the Malvern Argus.
The Varsitarian is the official student publication of the University of Santo Tomas.
Aththa was the sole Sinhala-language newspaper to cover the burning of Jaffna library.
The Muscatine Journal serves 8,000 adult readers in Muscatine and Louisa counties and is delivered to nearly 3,500 homes Monday through Saturday.
The Tombstone Epitaph is a Tombstone, Arizona-based monthly publication that serves as a window in the history and culture of the Old West.
The Union Daily is a newspaper published in Burma.
The Mount Vernon News is the daily newspaper of Mount Vernon, Ohio.
Avance was shut down by the government for a period in 1980 early, as it had called for strikes.
Retro review competition - review of an all time classic film e.g.
Der Elsässer Bote was the organ of the pro-French Catholic party APNA, and was launched in 1928 with financial support from the French state.
Formerly a broadsheet, The Province later became tabloid paper-size.
Poulson ran the paper for almost 40 years, and at end of 1839 sold out to the owners of the recently founded North American.
Tazianeh Qeirat is an Iranian newspaper in Fars Province.
The New York Post is an American daily newspaper that is primarily distributed in New York City and its surrounding area.
With the beginning of the Tanzimat reform period, Takvim-i Vekayi produced Armenian, Greek and Arabic language editions.
Global Education Magazine is a quarterly peer-reviewed journal formed in 2012 by a group of cognitive analysts.
Before 4 May 2010 it bore the name of Oma Saar.
The first green newspaper hit Murray's streets in 1960.
ProBiznes is a newspaper published in Albania.
In addition to viewing each week's stories and accessing an archive, readers can check for updates for breaking news.
Published by Career Gateways Limited, The Gateway specialises in making the world of business and finance accessible to students pursuing a career in the city.
In 2017 some publishers are planning to start The Boston Post starting with www.thebostonpost.com, digital version.
It was created in 1924 when the New York Tribune acquired the New York Herald.
Most of the writers/artists were friends of Gene Mahoney and contributed to the paper for free in an attempt to help it take off.
The Herald am was a free daily newspaper in Dublin which was published between 2005 and 2010.
It was founded by Editor/Publisher Munirul Haq in 1995.
Kanychok Sangkhum is a Khmer language newspaper published in Cambodia with its headquarters in Phnom Penh.
L'Écho du Cambodge was a French language weekly socialist newspaper published from Phnom Penh, Cambodia.
The Economic Times is headquartered in Mumbai at The Times of India building.
The newspapers shared production and business operations, but maintained separate editorial staffs which often behaved as rivals and competitors.
The paper is published in broadsheet format with 48 pages, both colour and black and white contents.
The editor from 1971 to 1973 was Donal Mooney, who left for London to join the Irish Post.
The Argus is a regional newspaper serving Dundalk, Ireland.
Named after the local river, Cherwell is published by OSPL, who also publish the sister publication Isis, the Bang!
The Smoky Mountain Sentinel is the weekly newspaper for Hayesville, North Carolina, and its surrounding area.
It had an average circulation of 30,507 in 1973.
Miroljub is a quarterly magazine in Croatian language from Bačkan city of Sombor, autonomic province of Vojvodina, Serbia.
The editorial seat is in Cape Town.
It was long one of the city's two daily newspapers, along with The Seattle Times, until it became an online-only publication on March 18, 2009.
The company, including the Record Herald, was purchased for an undisclosed sum in 2011 by Philadelphia-based Versa Capital Management.
It was merged with Nikkan Kogyo and Keizai Jiji and renamed Nihon Sangyo Keizai Shimbun in 1942.
Kol HaAm was a Hebrew-language newspaper in Mandate Palestine and Israel, owned by the Israeli Communist Party.
The Financial News is a South Korean daily newspaper.
which produces electricity, steam and chilled water for sale to customers in the Longwood Medical Area of Boston.
In 2008 Hawlati was voted the most popular newspaper in Iraqi Kurdistan
Loksatta is published out of Mumbai, Pune, Nagpur, Ahmednagar, Aurangabad, and Delhi.
The Log Cabin Democrat is a daily newspaper in Conway, Arkansas, United States, serving Conway and Faulkner County and some surrounding areas.
The next day, the News and its two sister Alabama newspapers, the Press-Register in Mobile and The Huntsville Times, moved to a thrice-weekly print-edition publication schedule.
Regularly featured bands include Diaura, Mejibray, Royz, Blu-Billion, ARLEQUIN, BAROQUE, R-Shitei, BugLug, Sadie, DaizyStripper and DuelJewel.
It became a daily in 1876, published by Rankin and a man named Levin.
Nikkan Sports is the first-launched Japanese daily sports newspaper founded in 1946.
Ming Pao in Canada has two editions.
Muslim Nesan was an Arabic Tamil and English-language weekly newspaper, published from Colombo, Ceylon between 1882 and 1889.
In December 2013, Berita Harian relaunched their website, replacing the previous cyberita.asia1.com.sg.
Rygos naujenos was a Lithuanian-language newspaper printed in Riga, Latvia, from December 29, 1909 to July 11, 1915.
Hemmat lacked legal authorization, but its circulation was tolerated by the authorities at the time.
The Nuz name was retired upon the publication's renaming.
Vllaznimi Sportiv is a newspaper published in Albania.
This Is Africa investigates foreign policy towards Africa, tracks the rise of the African consumer and identifies investment opportunities in Africa.
The paper sells within Alaska at the retail price of $1 Monday through Saturday, with the Sunday/Thanksgiving Day final selling for $2.
Neighborhood Newspaper Group is the community newspaper publisher based on the Southwest Side of Chicago.
Telegrafi is a newspaper published in Kosovo.
In 1917, the paper vehemently opposed United States involvement in World War I, often on similarly racist grounds.
The Bulletin was a conservative newspaper that served the Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, metropolitan area of the United States.
A typical page count for each modern issue is 20 pages and includes four sections: Campus, Community, Intrigue and Sports.
Most of its circulation is in Greene County.
The Nelson Mail is a daily newspaper in New Zealand.
Nashville Scene is an alternative newsweekly in Nashville, Tennessee.
In 2010, City Weekend launched an English-language group buying platform called FlashBuy, the first one of its kind targeting English speakers in both Beijing and Shanghai.
The new owners are brothers Bill and Brad Burgess, who are lawyers and businessmen in Lawton.
The Collegiate Times is an independent, student-run newspaper serving Virginia Tech since 1903.
The Mid-North Monitor is a Canadian weekly newspaper, published in Espanola, Ontario.
Its contents was rather similar to those of the Gibraltar Chronicle, but in Spanish.
Le Jeudi is a French-language weekly newspaper published in Luxembourg.
By 1912, the Hot Blast had become Anniston's largest newspaper, and was more than large enough to absorb the Evening Star.
The Sunday Standard was an English-language weekly newspaper in Sri Lanka published by Standard Newspapers Limited, part of Communication and Business Equipment Limited.
It is a member of the Asia News Network.
FIUSM.com is run separately from The Beacon and is a part of FIU Student Media.
Bota Sot is a daily newspaper from Kosovo, originally published by members of the Kosovo diaspora in Switzerland.
A web presence was said to be continued as long as possible.
In the later period, it began carrying a page in English.
It is a privately held company and still owned by its co-founders Winnie Wong.
Its multinational editorial staff practise a non-partisan approach, rejecting all ideological, political or economic control.
In 1940 Greene and 30 other publishers formed a consortium of African-American newspapers to bring relevant information to black readers in the USA.
It is now the only five-day paper serving a University of California campus.
Cleveland Post was a weekly newspaper based in Fuquay-Varina, North Carolina covering northwestern Johnston County, North Carolina and the Cleveland community.
In future elections the fee requirement for city mayoral election was raised and applications had to be submitted in person rather than by fax.
In 2008 it had a circulation of 5,648, of whom 5,551 were subscribers.
The paper is published Monday and Thursday during the fall and winter semesters.
This newspaper was published on Wednesdays and distributed free of charge.
The Free Press and the Bard Observer merged in 2008.
The paper is printed at the Portland Press Herald press in South Portland, Maine.
The Florida Catholic is the official newspaper for four of the seven dioceses in the Catholic Ecclesiastical Province of Miami.
The Courier has a daily circulation of 19,700 and a Sunday circulation of 22,100.
It was subtitled: moderne Tageszeitung für alle Gebiete.
Corriere del Ticino is a regional daily newspaper in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland.
The Standard-Examiner is a daily morning newspaper published in Ogden, Utah.
The CNL, as it was commonly called, earned its reputation for fearless community journalism.
Pembrita Betawi was a daily newspaper from Batavia, Dutch East Indies, which was published from 1884 until 1916.
It has a circulation of 5,142 and owned by the Skien-newspaper Varden, a subsidiary of Edda Media.
Under the leadership of late Ednan Shahid the newspaper enjoyed a wide acceptance because of its content and bold policy.
The Fosse Way Magazine ceased publication in April 2011, although the sister publications continue to be published.
The Gloucestershire Echo is a daily paper produced by Gloucestershire Media, part of Local World.
The newspaper covered the Bush, South Chicago, East Side and Hegewisch neighborhoods.
MacNeill was succeeded by Seosamh Laoide in 1899.
The Glen Ellyn Suburban Life is a weekly newspaper published on Thursdays in Glen Ellyn, Illinois.
The paper is distributed at coffee shops, bookstores, clothing stores, convenience stores,and street boxes.
Glenie was the Anglican Colonial Chaplain of St. Paul's Church and later Archdeacon of Colombo.
It is a free publication distributed in the council areas of Ku-ring-gai, Hornsby and Willoughby.
The magazine was closed by its publisher, Reed Business Information, as of 6 January 2010.
Quinter, Edward: High school teacher, author, co-organizer of the "Pennsylvania German Writing Festival" at the Kutztown Folk Festival.
The paper has a combined print and digital daily circulation of 72,846 and a Sunday circulation of 95,626.
Its circulation for the first quarter of 2013 was 33 247.
The Echo survived intense competition in its early years, as well as the depression of the 1930s and two World Wars.
Although many journalism students work there, the Daily Nebraskan is independent of the University's College of Journalism and Mass Communications.
It was founded in 1996 by Claude Grunitzky, who is still the chairman and editor in chief.
The Oppidan Press is an independent student-run newspaper at Rhodes University in Grahamstown.
Hetq Online or Hetq is an online newspaper published in Yerevan by the Investigative Journalists NGO.
It is circulated in almost every part of the National Capital Region.
The Wilkes Journal-Patriot is a newspaper based in North Wilkesboro, Wilkes County, North Carolina and published three times each week.
The Richmond Globe is a weekly newspaper in Richmond, California, published by The Globe Newspaper Group.
It was founded in 1860 and is based in Cefn Llan Science Park, Aberystwyth.
On February 20, 2008, E. W. Scripps Company announced that the Tribune would close, effective February 23, 2008.
Through the newspaper Saldin sought to promote Malay culture and language.
Despite pressures to adapt to a commercial format, which are imposed by the Salvadoran media-industry, the editors have insisted on an alternative sort of journalism.
It was refounded as The Fayetteville Observer in 1883.
Although the newspaper focuses on Albany and its suburbs, it covers all parts of the four-county area, including the cities of Troy, Schenectady and Saratoga Springs.
The Shrewsbury Chronicle is a local news newspaper in Shrewsbury, Shropshire, England.
The newspaper supported the Federación Obrera de Chile.
The Jersey Evening Post is a local newspaper published six days a week in the Bailiwick of Jersey.
Havatamk is a bi-lingual monthly newspaper of Saint Petersburg's Armenian community, established in 1993.
It is one of only four independently owned daily newspapers in New Zealand.
The paper was founded in 1994 and was published by New York businessman Jerry Finkelstein.
The newspaper promoted Christian Orthodoxy, nationalism and fascism.
It has one of the largest audiences of all Hungarian-language papers in Romania.
Der Freitag is a German weekly newspaper established in 1946.
It's one of Montana's largest newspaper companies.
They established a Youtube channel on December 8th 2008, which distributes news in a video format.
The Medical Post is a weekly newspaper aimed at Canadian physicians.
It was founded in 1982 by Greta Belanger deJong, Victoria Fugit, Lezlee Spilsbury, Don Ashton and Lucy Powell.
By 1973/74 the Independent Newspapers publications had become vocal critics of Sirimavo Bandaranaike's government.
El Ibérico is a free newspaper printed and distributed in London, England.
In October of 2016, Drake left The Ledger to return to his hometown of Spartanburg, S.C. to work as a group publisher for GateHouse Media.
The Telegraph continued to report news of the war and the formation of the new Republic of Texas through the end of March 1836.
The Looprevil Press, sometimes abbreviated as LP, is the official student newspaper produced by and for students at Liverpool John Moores University.
It is published three times a week on Monday, Wednesday and Friday.
The change is being undertaken because far more read the newspaper on-line than depend on actual deliveries.
Like many university newspapers, it has had a colourful, precarious existence.
A not-for-profit corporation, Les Publications La Rotonde Inc., has been created to manage the newspaper.
It is one of the most widely read Algerian newspapers.
Miyako Shinbun was the first Japanese daily newspaper to be published in an evening edition.
The Gazette's political content was often written pseudonymously, and was directed against the Federalist Party.
Muslim Nesan had a network of correspondents in different parts of South-East Asia.
Recently, it has been the largest newspaper in Yogyakarta and southern Central Java, and its circulation reaches 125,000 copies.
According to the masthead, it has been publishing since 1898 and has incorporated two other newspapers, the Telluride Times and the Telluride Journal.
The Syracuse Telegram and Courier was a daily newspaper serving Syracuse, New York.
Burmese nationalists began publishing the newspaper on 4 July 1911, during which The Sun was published thrice a week.
Le Petit Journal was a conservative daily Parisian newspaper founded by Moïse Polydore Millaud; published from 1863 to 1944.
Its circulation is approximately 60,000 copies, about ten per cent of which cover subscriptions outside Denmark.
It serves a student population of over 35,000 and a faculty and staff population of over 4,000.
He had been assigned to the area the previous year.
In 2006, the newspaper became predominantly Orthodox, responding to the demographics of the Five Towns, its primary readership base.
In 2005, the paper's owner bought the Cabinet Press, publisher of weekly newspapers based in nearby Milford, New Hampshire.
It also exposed the truth about the death in custody of anti-apartheid activist Steve Biko, in 1977.
The newspaper was started in 1981 by Abhik Kumar Ghosh.
A member of the Association of Alternative Newsweeklies, its style combines tough journalism with humor.
Pos Kota is an Indonesian daily newspaper published in Jakarta, published by PT.
Angel, and the surrounding area of Marion County.
The issue of Persian national identity was no longer emphasized, instead the new writers would prefer to talk about 'Turkestanis'.
This shift of process has allowed for the possibility of online publication and resulted in the creation of the Gargoyle website in 2010.
It is published in three editions - Maidstone, Malling, and the Weald.
Pages had to be sent early enough that it hamstrung the advantage of being the hometown newspaper.
amNewYork is a morning free daily newspaper that is published in New York City by Newsday.
Another editor was Frank Betts, father of Barbara Castle.
The former party organ of the Norwegian Labour Party, the ties loosened over time from 1975 to 1999.
It is published in Moscow, in regions within Russia, and in some foreign countries.
The News has a circulation of 9,263 according to The Park Library's list of North Carolina newspapers.
He published various advertisements for imports of Malay literature in Alamat Lankapuri, as well as advertisements for books to learn Malay and Malay-English dictionaries.
The Media Officer is elected for one-year terms by the student population at the University of Newcastle.
The Western Herald maintains a staff of approximately 35–40 students.
The regional paper prints in three editions:
The Journal Inquirer was formed in 1968 with the merging of two weekly newspapers, the Rockville Journal and the South Windsor Inquirer.
The Casket is a weekly paper published in Antigonish, Nova Scotia by SaltWire Network.
It was part of The Chilean Information Project reporting on environmental, social and economic issues within Chile.
It had a range of supplements, including Arts, Education, Sport, Business and Entertainment.
As of May 2015, the Chronicle publishes nine different weekly papers with a total circulation of 160,000, reaching 400,000 readers.
The newspaper's offices were located initially at First Cross Street, Colombo, and was printed at the Lankabhimanava Vishrutha press.
In company with O Estado de S. Paulo and O Globo, Folha is regarded as one of the most influential daily news vehicles in Brazil.
Having begun publication as the Rushville Whig in 1840, the Republican claims to be the oldest daily publication in Indiana.
The print edition of the newspaper is published Monday through Thursday during the academic year except during exams or vacations.
It has an average distribution of 21,964, including 2,700 free pick up copies at supermarkets and estate agents.
In August 2010, rumours circulated that the newspaper would fold following the Rosh Hashana edition but the newspaper surmounted its problems and continues to publish.
Inderøyningen is a local newspaper for the rural municipality of Inderøy in Norway.
The mission of the News & Review is:
The St. Louis Jewish Light is a weekly Jewish newspaper distributed in St. Louis, Missouri, that was established in 1947.
In 1996, the newspapers started a Web page, Athenaeum.
All of the donations, fund drives and supplements helped the paper to publish 38 articles and survive through 1841.
Its marketing slogan is "Your daily connection to the community".
Lee's media company, later called Lee Enterprises.
As of 1917 it claimed a circulation of 30,000.
Assahra Al Maghribiya is a daily arabophone Moroccan newspaper of Maroc Soir Group.
It later shifted to the right before becoming non-partisan.
The Truman State University Index is a weekly student newspaper distributed at Truman State University and throughout the Kirksville, Missouri community.
Up to 30,000 copies are printed each month.
A new printing press was brought into use in February 2010, replacing one that had lasted since 1970.
Even after the Tattwabodhini Sabha was amalgamated with the Brahmo Sabha, the Tattwabodhini Patrika was still published until 1883.
Meditsinskiy Vestnik is a Russian language newspaper published in Belarus.
Le Vélocipède Illustré was a fortnightly illustrated French newspaper which covered cycling, water sports, mechanical arts and sciences, fine arts, and industry.
Rooted more in whimsy and the ironic inevitability of punk celebrity than anything involving music.
Donrey sold the Daily Times and many other of its holdings to the newly formed CNHI in 1997.
It had a circulation of 11,000, with a policy of covering news only from within Westmount.
The Herald and News is a 15,000-circulation daily with a staff of 27.
In December 2011 the title was sold by Northcliffe Media the owners of the Bristol Evening Post to the Tindle Newspaper Group.
In 1927 the newspaper was purchased by North Carolina Central University alumnus Louis Austin in Durham, North Carolina.
Sajjad Haider is the publisher and editor-in-chief of the Kashmir Observer.
The Diplomat and The Citizen described the publication as the first English language Muslim newspaper of India.
It is published seven days a week by Cooperativa Prensa Unida.
Places the paper is delivered to include University of Indianapolis, several Marsh and Kroger supermarkets, McDonald's restaurants, and several locally-owned businesses.
It started in Monterrey as Diario de Monterrey, and expanded to other cities in the first decade of the 21st century.
The daily is headquartered in Madrid, Spain.
Today the newspaper circulates 29,200 copies a week, in all federal subjects of Russia.
Alamat Lankapuri was a Malay language fortnightly publication in Jawi script, issued from Colombo, Ceylon.
The periodical was relaunched on May 1, 1912.
NMI includes sometimes a section in Judaeo-Spanish language with articles from Sefaradimuestro, Şalom, Aki Yerushalayim and El Amaneser.
Mayor Bill Peduto indicated he read The Globe regularly and praised its editorial from the same day of publication as his press conference.
Beginning April 2014, Lagniappe is published weekly.
In 2005 Dr. Herman attended the papers 50th Anniversary.
L'Unità [luniˈta] was an Italian newspaper, founded as official newspaper of the Italian Communist Party.
The Herald-Banner is a six-day morning daily newspaper published in Greenville, Texas, covering Hunt County.
It was challenged on all sides by rivals.
unsere zeit is a newspaper published by the German Communist Party, or DKP.
Since that time it has been the main local newspaper for the City of Parramatta.
It has a circulation of 57,690 and a readership of 95,000.
Diario Co Latino is a leftist newspaper, published in San Salvador, El Salvador.
The Duquesne Duke is the campus newspaper of Duquesne University.
The paper saw wide distribution outside Louisville.
The Times has received many awards over the years from the Alabama Press Association, the Society for Professional Journalists and other trade groups.
The Free Lance–Star was owned and operated by members of the Rowe family from 1926 until 2014, when The Free Lance–Star Publishing Co. filed for bankruptcy.
It has a circulation of under 3,828.
Each of the five papers is published every other Sunday and feature happenings with local government, community organizations and human interest stories.
It is financed by the UWA Guild, but maintains complete editorial independence.
Founded in February 1888, the Phoenix is older than Oklahoma's statehood.
The Lantern is the name of the official, daily student-published university newspaper at The Ohio State University.
Its offices are located at 75 3rd Ave.
The newspaper was launched on 4 March 2011.
Japan Today is a fully owned brand by GPlus Media Co. Ltd., which also owns Gaijinpot.com, RealEstate.co.jp, and other on-line based enterprises.
The San Bernardino Sun is a paid daily newspaper in San Bernardino County, along with a heavy penetration into neighboring Riverside County.
Gazeta de Limeira,, is a Brazilian daily newspaper founded and continuously published in Limeira since 1931.
It was started in 1996, and contains articles which are not in any way potentially inappropriate for children.
Psychic News was a weekly British Spiritualist newspaper published from 1932 to July 2010, and revived with a change in ownership in December 2011.
The Lawrence, founded 1881, is the third oldest high school newspaper in America and the newspaper of The Lawrenceville School.
The Inquirer and Mirror, also called The I&M, or "The Inky" is the weekly newspaper of record on the island of Nantucket, Massachusetts.
Stories can be read online at http://www.sanyonews.jp/, though most stories are only available to subscribers.
Zaman, sometimes stylized as ZAMAN, is a daily in Turkey.
It is distributed throughout various locations in all of Scotland's major towns and cities.
It is published by the Paxton Media Group of Paducah, Kentucky.
In addition to news coverage, The Paper also publishes a weekly entertainment guide entitled GO Brooklyn.
In 1974 he was made the puppet President of Cyprus following the military overthrow of the elected leader President Archbishop Makarios in July of that year.
Early in 1989 worsening economic conditions forced the paper to close for some time.
It was founded by Karpoor Chandra Kulish in 1956 and published as Rajasthan Patrika in Delhi and Rajasthan, and as Patrika in 6 other states.
Ad-Dustour is an Arabic daily newspaper published in Jordan.
The publication is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc., a company founded in 1997 by Ralph Martin.
Vestmanlands Läns Tidning is a Swedish liberal newspaper published in Västerås, Sweden.
The Berwyn Suburban Life is a weekly newspaper published on Wednesdays in Berwyn, Illinois.
Every Thursday, 40,000 issues of the paper are distributed to more than 1,100 locations across Orange, Osceola and Seminole counties.
The Independent is a British online newspaper.
It is more commonly known to UP students as Kulê.
Kurankhed is a village in the Akola district in Amravati division of Vidarbha region of Maharashtra state in India.
The Emory Wheel is the independent, student-run newspaper of Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia.
Most recently in 2006, the newspaper won two Pulitzers, in Feature Writing and Feature Photography.
Carey Smith Sr. bought the Tribune in 1919 and owned it until his death in 1937.
The current editor in chief is Terenik Melikian.
It added a Saturday edition in 1987.
Glenn Vaughn wrote in Athens Daily News' first editorial page: "Our goal is to produce a daily newspaper that will be equal to this magnificent community."
Pyongyang Sinmun is a North Korean newspaper founded on 1 June 1957 by Kim Il-sung.
The newspaper was founded in 2004 and celebrated 10 years of existence in March 2014.
Power flow through a machine provides a way to understand the performance of devices ranging from levers and gear trains to automobiles and robotic systems.
Like the London-based Financial Times, The Economic Times is printed on salmon pink paper.
The Hankyoreh is a daily newspaper in South Korea.
In 2007, it was sold to American Consolidated Media.
This paper highlights their worsening plight to the notice of the government and brings suitable solution.
The reported circulation is 4350 per issue.
Its supplement Le Petit Vingtième is known as the first publication to feature The Adventures of Tintin.
Originally called the UDKi it adopted the name of its parent publication three years later.
Novi list had the distinction of being the only Croatian daily newspaper which kept a critical distance from the government of Franjo Tuđman during the 1990s.
It was a private company until 1927, when it was expropriated by president Carlos Ibáñez del Campo, and since then has remained a state property.
Its slogan is "Your news for the life you live", which has been in use since February 2008.
Its coverage area includes portions of Tioga County and Chemung County, New York, and Bradford County, Pennsylvania.
owner John W. Henry for $70 million from the New York Times Company.
The Ukrainian Weekly is the oldest English-language newspaper of the Ukrainian diaspora in the United States, and North America.
Uptown was an alternative weekly arts and entertainment newspaper in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.
It was popularly understood to oppose the Kirchner government.
This article was published in March 2010, exactly 30 years after this assassination took place.
in 2000 Morris Communications acquired the Homer News.
The newspaper started publishing as the weekly Abilene Reporter, helmed by Charles Edwin Gilbert on June 17, 1881, just three months after Abilene was founded.
It is owned by Berkshire Hathaway and is published seven days a week.
Udmurt Dunne is the main Udmurt language newspaper.
The Post is distributed two times a week, on Thursdays and Fridays, through home delivery and is also sold in local stores and in newspaper boxes.
Originally the newspaper was a bi-weekly newspaper called NuCity, but changed their name due to a similar Chicago newspaper entitled Newcity.
It is edited and written by the members and supporters of the political party publishing it.
Bauskas Dzīve is a regional newspaper published in Latvia.
Ræstdzinad is an Ossetian language daily newspaper published in Vladikavkaz, Russia, since March 14, 1923.
When Clearwater died of a heart attack in 1956 at the age of 59, his widow Zola took over as editor and publisher.
The Daily Graphic: An Illustrated Evening Newspaper was the first American newspaper with daily illustrations.
That same year saw the introduction of the "Canada Section", featuring events and activities in Canada; restaurants, entertainment, feature articles, and celebrity interviews.
After Ha-Yom was closed down, Kantor became the editor of Ha-Meliz in 1889.
O Globo is a Brazilian newspaper based in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
In addition to the daily newspaper, the Daily Reporter produces two weekly newspapers in Hancock County, the Fortville/McCordsville Reporter and the New Palestine Reporter.
The newspaper was reestablished in August 1836 in Columbia.
The newspaper reports on events in various areas, such as politics, economics, culture, education, and sports.
It is currently owned by the Chicago Tribune Media Group, which publishes several other Chicago regional newspapers, including the Pioneer Press.
The Mail Tribune is a seven-day daily newspaper based in Medford, Oregon, United States that serves Jackson County, Oregon, and adjacent areas of northern California.
The Lake Houston Observer is a weekly community newspaper serving the Crosby and Huffman communities in northeast Harris County, Texas, United States.
Al-Ahram, founded on 5 August 1875, is the most widely circulating Egyptian daily newspaper, and the second oldest after al-Waqa'i`al-Masriya.
The Charleston Daily Mail was a newspaper based in Charleston, West Virginia.
Billed as "the paper with the feelgood factor", it has been in production since 1855, and contains news and features on a broad range of subjects.
On June 16, 2010, the Futrell family announced they were selling a majority stake in the newspaper to Boone Newspapers, Inc. of Birmingham, Alabama.
This newspaper was phenomenal in naming the newly formed state as Andhra Pradesh.
It is a bilingual newspaper, published both in English and in Niuean.
It published continuously from 1874 until 1991, when it was purchased by Newhouse Newspapers.
It was one of the most successful African-American newspapers of the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries.
In December 2009, Neatkarīgās Tukuma Ziņas average circulation was 4,834 copies, down from 5,689 in October 2006.
The Central Penn Business Journal is a business newspaper headquartered in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.
It was the first newspaper fully printed in Azerbaijani, as well as the first newspaper in Russia printed in a Turkic language.
It absorbed another local paper, The Colonist, about 1906.
The paper is similar in format to the popular Sun newspaper of the United Kingdom.
It is the official newspaper for Hennepin County and the City of Minneapolis.
NIGHT magazine had an ABC certified circulation of 10,499 copies between 1 July 2007 and 30 June 2008.
Coverage area includes Whittier, South Whittier, Pico Rivera, La Habra Heights, Santa Fe Springs and La Mirada.
It is published every Monday during the fall and spring semesters, and breaks news online at www.uncmirror.com.
On June 19, 2008, The Daily Telegraph reported that following a government audit, the paper would cease to be printed and appear only on the internet.
The founder and publisher is Michael Werner, who also served as president of the German-Pennsylvanian Association between 2003 and 2010.
The Hebrew edition is published daily except on the Jewish Sabbath.
Founded in 1999, the newspaper is owned by the Cebu City-based Sun.Star group of community newspapers.
The newspaper is specialized in economic and financial news.
According to the 1999 Editor & Publisher International Yearbook, the paper is the 48th-largest daily paper in the U.S. and the single-largest in Kentucky.
Established in 1986, TWICE magazine is published twice monthly with an extra issue in January and September.
With www.sambad.in, a 24X7 news portal, Sambad is now available online for readers around the globe.
The closed newspaper was quickly succeeded by the digital newspaper Özgürlükçü Demokrasi, which features a daily column "Aslı’s Friends".
As of 2012, it had a circulation of 1,500.
In July 2012, Feteh was closed by government order, and 30,000 copies of the paper were seized.
It was founded as Unser Sztyme, but changed name to Chełmer Sztyme in 1927.
In 2004, the Reader celebrated its 10th anniversary in different venues in the Fargo-Moorhead area, including Ralph's Corner Bar.
The Woodall family sold the paper to Harte Hanks in the 1960s.
The second section features coverage of sport and entertainment.
The sister free paper the Stockport Times, published every Thursday and distributed to households in the Metropolitan Borough of Stockport, has a circulation of 83,709.
Spacing is a magazine published in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
It is a daily printed in both English and Burmese, and is printed in the Berliner format.
Harlan is a distant relative of U.S. Supreme Court Justice John Marshall Harlan.
The newspaper has a total readership of over 10.88 lakhs.
Its general manager, Robert P. Lockwood, was nominated as finalist for the association's annual St. Francis de Sales Award.
It was founded by Mahatma Gandhi in 1929 and has published more than 800 titles in English, Gujarati, Hindi and other languages to date.
The newspaper covers farming, ranching and agriculture industries in the Pacific Northwest.
The first issue was published in English and Cherokee on February 21, 1828, in New Echota, capital of the Cherokee Nation.
Ringwald made the paper a daily in 1946, changing the name to the Alice Daily Echo.
El Moudjahid is an Algerian French-language newspaper.
Media3's holdings included Trud, other newspapers including Arguments and Facts, and other assets.
Earthweek—A Diary of the Planet is a weekly syndicated newspaper column created by Steve Newman.
It is named after the district Glåmdalen, and covers southern Hedmark with offices in Solør, Skarnes and Nes, Akershus.
The most recent print edition was a single issue published 1 October 2015.
Akhbar Al Arab is a daily newspaper published in Abu Dhabi.
Business Standard is an Indian English-language daily newspaper published by Business Standard Ltd in two languages, English and Hindi.
Its first issue, Volume 1, Number 1, was dated February 24, 1905.
Faced financial problems Independent Newspapers and its various publications closed down on 26 December 1990.
After the 1967 riots, Graham decided to add a Chinese language edition.
The editor in chief is Aysha Taryam.
In the 1990s, this was changed to a publication under the combined name of News-Democrat & Leader.
On July 22, 1972, the Newnan Times-Herald received the National Newspaper Association award for "excellence in typography".
The paper was disestablished effective September 30, 2009.
Weekly columns on speed figures, racing world gossip and much more.
The Desert Dispatch is a newspaper in the town of Barstow, California, founded in 1910.
It has a circulation of 45,000 copies, making it the biggest private newspaper in Ghana.
It was previously known as The Alamance-Orange Enterprise until February 13, 1991.
Distinctive for its blue masthead as its logo and trademark, Utusan Malaysia was first published in Jawi in 1939.
In 1938, The New York Times reported on a printer's strike at the newspaper that was organized by the Typographical Union.
It is headquartered in the Japan Times Nifco Building in Shibaura, Minato, Tokyo.
It was distributed on Wednesdays in distinctive yellow boxes found throughout the Baltimore area.
It had been a daily newspaper but now only publishes three times a week.
The main paper has 28 pages including 4 pages on business and 8 pages on sports which is called "Winner".
It began publication on August 12, 1838.
The newspaper was established in 1964 and is currently edited by Art Haddaway.
The change in ownership, after the $500,000 sale by long-time owner and editor Dave Mitchell, had led to a different editorial tone and staff changes.
The newspaper is a non-profit venture that relies on donor contributions for its operations.
The Wellington Daily News is an American daily newspaper published in Wellington, Kansas.
This small-market daily has its main focus on hyperlocal journalism, covering the news of the Indian Wells Valley.
They discussed the subject of a German newspaper with their pastor, Rev.
Pádraig Kennelly retired as the newspaper's editor in 2010 and was replaced with Kerry's Eye journalist Colin Lacey.
Jomhouri-e Eslami is an official Iranian newspaper, which started its work on 30 May 1979, as the newspaper of Islamic Republic Party.
Al-Alam is an Arabic news channel broadcasting from Iran and is owned by the state-owned media corporation Islamic Republic of Iran Broadcasting.
This focus was kept when it regained its daily format on 11 May 2008.
The paper publishes on Tuesdays during Spring and Fall semesters.
It is owned by MaineToday Media, which also publishes the state's largest newspaper, the Portland Press Herald.
Each summer a student at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill School of Journalism was hired to edit the Rocket.
In 2007, it reported a circulation of 47,000.
The page 4 Listening Post feature first appeared in 1989: the column includes gossipy or curious items.
Journalist Charles Glass argues that An-Nahar is Lebanon's equivalent of The New York Times.
In 2011 the circulation of Liberazione was about 11,000 copies.
Anil Soni is the Editor in Chief of the group.
The Tribune's masthead is notable for displaying the American flag, in reference to the paper's motto, "An American Paper for Americans."
Lubbock Avalanche-Journal is a newspaper based in Lubbock, Texas, U.S.
The Sturgis Journal is a daily newspaper published in Sturgis, Michigan, United States.
Nawa-i-Waqt is an Urdu daily newspaper in Pakistan.
The newspaper offices were located across from the Shanghai International Settlement.
Johnston Press bought the Leinster Leader Group in 2005.
Law Week Colorado is Colorado's weekly newspaper for lawyers and an information source on legal issues in the state.
By 1963 the Times had doubled its circulation to 6,000 and had begun to move its circulation base out into the entire area of Williams County.
La Estrella was the first regional newspaper to be audited in Puerto Rico by the Circulation Verification Council.
The Northern Journal is a weekly newspaper based out of Fort Smith, Northwest Territories, Canada.
In November 2009, the Blade and several related publications, including the Southern Voice, were shut down after Window Media announced it was closing business.
Weekly is an alternative weekly newspaper started in Greensboro, NC.
It was a member of the Collegiate Network and a member of the Associated Collegiate Press.
It is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc.
The Federal Register is compiled by the Office of the Federal Register and is printed by the Government Publishing Office.
It was acquired by Scottish Radio Holdings in 2002.
Its online edition, Houma Today was launched in May 1999.
The editorial also puts the spotlight on topical issues affecting the student community and invites reader participation.
Sol is a Portuguese language weekly national newspaper published every Saturday in Lisbon, Portugal.
Later that year, Multimedia was acquired by Gannett.
Initially founded in 1997 by striking editors of the German Marxist daily Junge Welt, it became independent after only a few issues.
It was owned by Wick Communications from 1992 to 2014, when it was sold to 10/13 Communications.
On September 21, 1796, it was the first to publish George Washington's Farewell Address.
It is staffed entirely by UC Davis students and is the official campus newspaper.
Daily Thanthi is the largest Tamil daily and the ninth largest daily in India by circulation.
D'Ro'd Wullmaus was a newspaper published in Luxembourg between 1970 and 1973.
The Daily Squib is a British satirical online publication created by satire writer Aur Esenbel, and was officially launched on April Fool's Day, 2007.
The Iruresa is to be renamed Irudina.
Two years later, the paper won the John B. Russwurm Award for the best national African-American newspaper.
The newspaper has a weekday circulation average of 10,333, according to the Audit Bureau of Circulations, with a Saturday circulation of 11,126.
The newspaper has four main editorial sections: News, Opinion, Sports and The Guide, a weekly arts and lifestyle magazine.
Reading, who had previously established The Southern Times in Bunbury.
It holds a special place in Arizona history as its first printed work, first newspaper and first political organ.
Kung Kao Po is a Chinese newspaper published in Hong Kong.
It features news, film, theatre and restaurant reviews and music criticism, available free every Wednesday.
As part of the deal the Villager became a part of the Hearst Corporation.
The Reader also developed a new kind of journalism, ignoring the news and focusing on everyday life and ordinary people.
The paper circulates in Claremont, Charlestown, Cornish, Newport, Plainfield and Unity, New Hampshire, and Ascutney, Springfield, Weathersfield and Windsor, Vermont.
The Michigan Citizen is a weekly newspaper distributed in Detroit, Michigan.
In 2000 the papers were taken over by Trinity Newspaper.
With a circulation of about 2,000, it is the largest weekly newspaper in Southern New England.
It is published in Umeå, Västerbotten, Sweden.
It is owned by the media company Postmedia.
For example, in an April 1918 article it compared the Bolsheviks to the Black Hundreds.
Al-'Amal was the organ of the Aden Trade Union Congress.
The newspaper carried the byline Vocero diario del Partido Comunista.
The two-story building houses the business staff and front desk on the bottom floor, and the newsroom and conference room on the second.
Each copy of Wilmott is 11 inches square, runs about 100 pages, and is printed on glossy paper.
The first issue of the newspaper is dated April 15, 1865, and regular publication ended in 1897.
The Culpeper Star-Exponent is a daily newspaper serving Culpeper County, Virginia, United States, published seven days a week.
The Yukon Review is a twice-weekly central Oklahoma newspaper published Wednesday and Saturday and featuring community news and sports.
The newspaper's current Editor-in-Chief is Joyce Duriga.
It was renamed Moldova Suverenă upon the country's independence.
When the editions combined in 2001, the editorial page staffs also merged.
The North Bay Bohemian is a free weekly newspaper published in the North Bay subregion of the San Francisco Bay Area, in California, United States.
In its day it had the highest circulation of any farm paper in the region.
The newspaper is owned by Calumet Press, Inc..
The paper began daily publication on 14 September 1899.
City was an Italian free daily newspaper published in Italy.
It focuses on issues that relate to, or affect the Indian American community.
Hearne was the paper's first publisher and Cypel served as the organization's business advisor.
Fred Paterson was the chairman of the editorial board of the newspaper.
The Loughborough Echo is a paid-for weekly local newspaper owned by Trinity Mirror plc.
El Ponceño, founded in 1852, was the first newspaper published in Ponce, Puerto Rico.
Mehran is a Sindhi daily newspaper in Sindh, Pakistan.
and W. M. Burwell was editor from March 1868–Dec.
The News Line is a daily newspaper published by a British Trotskyist group, the Workers' Revolutionary Party.
It was first published as a broadsheet in 1900 by Sir Arthur Pearson.
The title converted to tabloid in 2013, and was redesigned to more closely resemble the Gazette in 2014.
The Roman Forum website was extensively upgraded in April 2009.
Vorwärts was the first Bolshevik newspaper directed towards the Volga German colonists.
A strong point of contention among the German Left is its pro-Israel position.
As of July 2014 there were 22 staff, of whom 12 worked in editorial capacities.
Since 2013, the editorial office has been merged with Wiesbadener Kurier and relocated to Mainz.
Although it is not a free newspaper, 70% of copies are distributed free near very busy locations like universities, railway stations, airports, and shopping centers.
The newspaper's coverage area includes all or parts of Blair, Bedford, Cambria, Indiana, Somerset and Westmoreland counties in Pennsylvania.
The publication is oft credited with playing a key role in the passage of women's right to vote.
The Palestine Herald-Press published in Palestine, Texas, and distributed Tuesday through Friday mornings and again on Sunday morning.
From 1950-1965, the Banner-Tribune was edited and published by Robert Angers, who thereafter founded Acadiana Profile magazine.
The Montreal Daily News was a short-lived English language Canadian daily newspaper in Quebec.
The first 12 years the newspaper appeared without the name of the editor or the place of publication.
Nine O'Clock is a Romanian English-language newspaper.
En marcha was a newspaper published from Santa Cruz de Tenerife, Spain, as the organ of the Canarian Regional Federation of Confederación Nacional del Trabajo.
Established in 1985, its content is directed to the wide spectrum of Baltimore's Jewish population, and it has an approximate readership of 40,000.
In its initial period Das Volk had a circulation of 50,000-100,000 copies.
The Herald and News is a daily newspaper serving the city of Klamath Falls and Klamath County in the U.S. state of Oregon.
In 1875, the company began the world's first newspaper delivery service.
The group's flagship Daily Jang is Pakistan's national Urdu daily newspaper.
It also played an important role in defending the interests of the Yoruba people in a period when different ethnic groups were struggling for ascendancy.
The current editors, appointed by the SRC's elected committee, is Ash Castles and Victoria Lee.
The Glasgow Courier is a weekly newspaper in Glasgow, Montana, published Wednesdays.
In 2005, the Sun ceased afternoon publication and began distribution as a section of the Review-Journal.
It was founded on May 21, 2014, by the Cuban blogger and activist Yoani Sánchez and the Cuban journalist Reinaldo Escobar.
It distributed weekly newspapers mainly around the cities and towns of the Oromia region of Ethiopia.
In 1934 Mike began a back-page sports section, which remained in the paper, save during the hiatus caused by World War II.
During the 1875–1877 legislative session, he was the Speaker of the West Virginia House of Delegates.
The Internet Edition of The Tribune was launched in July 1998.
Tonyahaber is a Turkish monthly newspaper founded and continuously published in Tonya since 1999.
The Olney Daily Mail is an American daily newspaper published in Olney, Illinois, and covering Richland County.
A special Sunday edition of the Echo was published on 16 April 1989, for reporting on the previous day's Hillsborough disaster, in which 96 Liverpool F.C.
The state government was considering whether it could be preserved.
The Stockport Express has won both local and national awards including 1999 Community Newspaper of the Year.
A staff of 25, supported by more than 150 writers, is responsible for designing, reporting and editing the 20-page paper.
It is no longer a member of the Association of Alternative Newsweeklies.
The Charlevoix Courier is the weekly newspaper of Charlevoix, Michigan.
Early on, several bright young writers and photographic journalists joined the Daily Mirror, such as Ring Lardner, Jr., Hy Peskin and the political commentator Drew Pearson.
The Weekly Volcano reported on film, theater, food, art and music in the South Sound as well as providing comprehensive arts and music calendars.
Kurier is a German language daily newspaper based in Vienna, Austria.
Portsmouth Daily Times is a morning newspaper in Scioto County, Ohio with a print circulation of about 12,000.
The Voice Daily is run by the publishers of the The Voice Weekly, which has been published since 2004.
The online version of the newspaper is also popular in Nepal, and ranked as one of the most-visited websites in the country.
It is published every Thursday of the academic year, except holidays, and has received multiple Pacemaker Awards, the highest award in college journalism.
The Hawk Eye is a general-circulation newspaper based in Burlington, Iowa, United States, and boasts itself as "Iowa's Oldest Newspaper."
The title claimed a lineage with The Liberal, a short-lived periodical founded in 1822 by the Romantic poets Percy Bysshe Shelley, Lord Byron and Leigh Hunt.
The Isle of Man Examiner is a newspaper in the Isle of Man.
It is the flagship newspaper of Leaders & Company Ltd and was first published on 22 January 1995.
The newspaper is owned and published by Moormann Printing Inc.
The Corvallis Gazette-Times is a daily newspaper in Corvallis, Benton County, Oregon, United States.
Groznensky Rabochy was a Russian weekly newspaper based in Grozny, Chechnya from 1917 to 1992, and from 1994 to 2001.
It began as a colony of German immigrants.
It provides information on case law, legislation and changes in practice.
The Jacket's editorial board is composed of about twenty-five students who are elected by the previous year's senior editors.
It is published independently but with the support of the Southern African Catholic Bishops Conference.
The Times-News is a daily newspaper based in Burlington, North Carolina formed in 1931 by the merger of the Burlington Daily Times and The Burlington News.
It has a full online edition by subscription, as well as a free website, Twitter account and Facebook page.
It has been favourably received by Irish media as an independent, comprehensive, up-to-date news service.
Currently it is owned by Empresa Periodística La Nación S.A., which in turn is 69% owned by the State of Chile.
For the first three decades of its existence the publication was closely associated with the Socialist Party of America.
In 2013, The Cairns Post won the Pacific Area Newspaper Publishers’ Association Award for best regional Newspaper of the Year Dailies circulation 10,000-25,000.
The Ottawa Herald is a local newspaper in the town of Ottawa, Kansas.
It was founded in 1880 as the Park Mining Record, edited by James Shupback.
Throughout its history, it has also been published as The Freeman's Journal and Catholic Freeman's Journal.
The newspaper has had various supplements including "Sharzhum", Student page, Literary section and "Page 404".
The Tufts Daily, known on campus simply as The Daily, is the student newspaper at Tufts University in Medford, Massachusetts.
The Houstonian is a campus newspaper at Sam Houston State University.
The Juba Post is an independent English-language newspaper in South Sudan.
Total circulation of all three editions is 145,000, making it the largest weekly newspaper in Quebec.
Limonka is the official organ of the National Bolshevik Party.
Due to financial reasons, the paper was discontinued in January 2011.
Geoffrey Lloyd was the editor from 1965 to his death in 1986.
It enjoys close ties with the Bangladesh Nationalist Party.
It was originally the product of a student independent project.
The News-Sun primarily serves Springfield and Urbana, in southwestern Ohio.
Since then no explanation has been provided to staff, suppliers or advertisers as to the status of the publications.
L'Auto originated the Tour de France cycling stage race in 1903 as a circulation booster.
Juárez Hoy is a daily newspaper in Ciudad Juárez, Chihuahua, Mexico.
The Nation has printing plants in Lagos, Abuja and Port Harcourt.
Al-Insaniyyah was the first official Arabic-language communist newspaper.
It is now published by the company A-pressen Lokale Medier AS, which in turn is owned 100% by A-pressen.
It is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc.
It is owned by Home News Enterprises.
The Aegis is a local newspaper in Harford County, Maryland, United States.
It also covers the City of Mitcham and City of Onkaparinga councils.
In the past, articles have been submitted to the Australian Senate for further discussion.
The Fairfield Mirror is the student newspaper of Fairfield University in Fairfield, Connecticut.
Democracia is the organ of the Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Party.
In 2015, Halifax was acquired by New Media Investment Group.
It is published by Celtic Media Group.
The newspaper became a part of the then Mirror Group, in 1997.
El Nacional is a Venezuelan publishing company under the name C.A.
In 1996, it was sold again, this time to its current owner, Pioneer News Group.
The Weekly Star was published from the 1890s into the 1910s when it was discontinued.
The Harvard Crimson, the daily student newspaper of Harvard University, was founded in 1873.
Annahar is an Arabic newspaper headquartered in Kuwait City, Kuwait.
It is also one of two official newspapers of Allamakee .
The Niue Star was founded with the assistance of AESOPS, which provided Jackson with equipment including a computer, a digital camera and a printing press.
Mathrubhumi was founded by K. P. Kesava Menon, an active volunteer in the Indian freedom struggle against the British.
The University of Leicester Students' Union still remains the proprietor of The Ripple.
Albania was a newspaper published in Tirana, Albania.
It has the second largest readership in the Cincinnati area behind the daily Cincinnati Enquirer.
The Volkswacht editors focused more on writing about local matters.
It is owned by the Record-Journal Publishing Company, a family-owned business entity that also owns Westerly, Rhode Island's The Westerly Sun.
The Offaly Independent is a newspaper that covers Tullamore, Ireland and the surrounding area.
The paper was purchased by Gannett in 1928.
The Bartlesville Examiner-Enterprise is a daily newspaper in Bartlesville, Oklahoma.
Daily operations are overseen by the full-time general manager and treasurer with assistance from the advertising manager.
Published in English, Spanish, and Italian, it is the only trilingual newspaper in the United States.
It has been Rochdale's main newspaper since 1856.
At that point, it was exclusively published on the web.
The name was changed to Colonial Times in 1827, and the title was eventually absorbed into the Hobart Town Mercury in 1857.
La Vanguardia is a Spanish daily newspaper, founded in 1881.
1 Kannada Newspaper" by a Microsoft survey in 2001.
The Argus has a circulation of around 13,000 and is owned by Newsquest, a subsidiary of Gannett.
The newspaper was acquired by Landmark Media Investments.
Lá was an Irish-language daily newspaper based in Belfast.
The Isle of Wight County Press is a local, compact newspaper published every Friday on the Isle of Wight.
YDtalk.com, a website that houses the weblogs of York Dispatch staffers.
Vanguardia Liberal is a Colombian regional newspaper, founded in 1919 in Bucaramanga, Colombia, by Alejandro Galvis Galvis, whose descendants are its current owners.
There was at the time no such thing as a Luxembourgish market.
Sports Hochi, previously known as Hochi Shimbun, is a Japanese language daily sports newspaper.
The Yeovil Times was a free weekly newspaper, published and distributed in South Somerset, in association with the Western Gazette.
Its coverage area includes Calhoun, Sacramento, Livermore, Beech Grove Island, and Rumsey.
It publishes 10 editions per year at the end of each month, September to June.
Al-Qaidah was founded in the midst of a split in the party.
Published in tabloid format, it had regional editions for Zurich, Bern, and Basel as well the middle land of the Swiss plateau.
The Rosettists became the far left of PNL, and had socialist sympathies, being identified by the conservative opinion-makers with excess, demagogy, or corruption.
La Prensa is an Argentine daily newspaper.
The staff functions as a collective; current UBC students who have contributed to the paper and attend staff meetings are eligible to become staff members.
The Reader was founded in 1972 by Jim Holman, a Carleton College graduate who was a member of the group which established the Chicago Reader.
The newspaper's photography of the tuition fee riots also won plaudits.
It was augmented by its website at www.derbay.org and was the organ of the International Association of Yiddish Clubs.
The Chilkat Valley News has won numerous awards from the Alaska Press Club, including Best Weekly Newspaper in 2013 and 2014.
Initial group of founders include: Berat Buzhala, Petrit Selimi, Dukagjin Gorani, Ilir Mirena, Astrit Gashi, Arlinda Desku, Andrew Testa, Gjergj Filipaj, Bul Salihu, etc.
It changed its name to Folkets Blad in 1923.
The paper received praise for its critical reporting on the multimillion-dollar renovation of the 70-year-old complex.
On 16 August 2016, the newspaper was "temporarily" shut down following a court order, and some twenty journalists and editors were taken into custody.
The newspaper generally takes a liberal/centre left position, unlike The Yorkshire Post, which has a particularly conservative bias.
The Bond Buyer is a century-old daily national trade newspaper based in New York City and focused on covering the municipal bond industry.
In addition to its home cities, the News covers most of southern Essex County, northeast of Boston.
The party obtained no seats in the 1943 and 1944 general elections and gradually weakened after a split in 1945.
The paper was founded in 2004 to serve the Baltimore Hispanic community's desire for a Spanish-language newspaper.
Founded in 1754, it is one of the oldest newspapers in the country.
The paper was founded in 2004 by a group of Turkish intellectuals.
L'Aube was a daily newspaper founded by Francisque Gay that was published in France between 1932 and 1951.
Algemeen Handelsblad was an influential Amsterdam-based liberal daily newspaper published between 1828 and 1970.
The paper was first published in 1852 and comes out on Thursdays.
Tuairisc.ie is an online Irish language newspaper.
The Star became a national daily newspaper in 1976, but the headquarters relocated to Kuala Lumpur in 1978 and then Petaling Jaya in 1981.
The newspaper publishes in Swedish, but in 2011 added an online-only English section with original articles, aimed at the large international student population in Lund.
At the beginning of the 1990s this newspaper was experiencing serious financial troubles and ceased to exist.
The Journal is published bi-weekly, 26 times a year, and has an audited circulation of about 14,000.
Journalists such as Hector Charlesworth, Joseph E. Atkinson and John Bayne Maclean first worked there, before moving on to senior positions at other publications.
These stances prompted five local business owners to start a competing newspaper, the Martha's Vineyard Times, in 1984.
The debut editorial, published March 4, 1969, explained the organization’s goals and purposes:
The newspaper is owned by Times-Shamrock Communications.
It lasted for four years until suppressed in 1914 by the British.
The first issue of the Theorist published in April 1976 and has been continuously in print on a subscription basis since May 1979.
It is owned by Newspapers of New England, which also owns its neighbor to the south, the Daily Hampshire Gazette of Northampton, Massachusetts.
The paper first made a profit in September 2009.
The Financial is a daily newspaper published by Intelligence Group llc in Georgia.
National Mortgage News is a digital media website covering the mortgage sector in the United States.
This reflected the fact that the newspaper was on sale in the shops from the Tuesday afternoon.
In April 2010, Edo Ugbagwu, a reporter who covered court cases for The Nation, was killed by gunmen.
The paper is located at 115 N. Polk ST., Jefferson, TX 75657 and can be reached via phone at 903-472-5082 or via their website http://www.marioncountyherald.com.
The Signal is the weekly student newspaper of Ouachita Baptist University in Arkadelphia, Arkansas.
The newspaper was ultimately shut down in 1957.
The Donegal Democrat is a twice-weekly local newspaper, covering County Donegal, Ireland.
The two newspapers were merged as The Collegian and Neoterian in 1878, and was reorganized as The Lawrentian in 1884.
El Siglo is a newspaper edited in the city of San Miguel de Tucumán, Tucumán Province, Argentina.
Published on Wednesdays, it has a circulation of approximately 3,100.
The Atoka County Times is a weekly paper that has served Atoka County, Oklahoma since 1950.
The paper includes general news and information about that area within the last week.
Standard Messenger is a weekly suburban newspaper in Adelaide, part of the Messenger Newspapers group.
The Phillipian is 12–16 pages long and consists of five regular sections: News, Commentary, Sports, Arts and Features.
The newspaper is distributed free by mail to essentially all households in its market area.
It is printed on Wednesday evening and is on sale or distributed on Thursday.
Trace is a quarterly, internationally distributed magazine with the tagline, "transcultural styles + ideas".
Pohjalainen is a morning broadsheet newspaper published in Vaasa, Finland.
The Alligator is the largest student-run newspaper in the United States, with a daily circulation of 35,000 and readership of over 52,000.
Sunnmørsposten is a newspaper published by Polaris Media in Ålesund, Norway.
The Las Vegas Sun is one of the Las Vegas Valley's two daily newspapers.
Harian Metro's meteoric rise has steadily gained momentum over the past few years.
For much of the 20th century, the Journal was part of Guy Gannett Communications, a family-owned media company based in Maine.
It was the first newspaper to be published in Tirana after it had been made capital of Albania.
The journal went on to lend its name to the Western Bengal wing of the Anushilan Samiti, which came to be known as the Jugantar group.
Jönköpings-Posten is a Swedish language morning newspaper in published in Jönköping, Sweden.
It is owned by BH Media Group, a division of Berkshire Hathaway, who acquired it in 2015
The newspaper is owned by APN News & Media.
By the 1930s, the Courier was one of the top black newspapers in the United States.
They contributed articles to the site from 1997-2009.
The 'Bath Chronicle' serves Bath, northern Somerset and West Wiltshire.
It was the oldest continuously operating business in Bixby, and had a circulation of about 2,000.
As of 2010, it has a circulation of around 200,000.
The Stillwater News Press is a six-day-a-week morning daily newspaper published in Stillwater, Oklahoma, United States.
The Voice had a weekly circulation of 1,000.
It is South Africa's oldest Afrikaans newspaper.
The Western Clarion was a newspaper launched in January 1903 that became the official organ of the Socialist Party of Canada.
In September 2014, owner and publisher Meg Guerra discontinued the financially unsuccessful publication.
Tully started with the paper as a reporter in 2001.
The paper was formerly known as the Lemont Reporter/Met.
It was founded by Jim Pavelich, who started the Vail Daily in 1984 and sold it in 1993.
The Drogheda Independent is a newspaper that serves the Drogheda area, including Drogheda, Mid-Louth and East Meath.
The first issue was published on September 8, 1931.
It is owned by the Students Publishing Company, which also publishes the Northwestern Syllabus yearbook.
Its editorial board was named a Pulitzer finalist in 2008 for its "persistent, high-spirited campaign against abuses in the governor's veto power."
The newspaper mainly has a middle-class and professional readership throughout North East England, covering a mixture of regional, national and international news.
They were eventually acquitted of any criminal acts.
As such, it is the oldest sovereign newspaper on the Latin American continent.
Most clearly identified was the need for a local newspaper.
The Boughton family started publishing the paper in 1890 when Edward S. Boughton became publisher.
The Current has a weekly circulation of approximately 41,000.
A group of Polish scholars - historians, linguists and ethnographers is also actively involved.
It had four pages and cost 1 baht, a considerable amount at the time when a baht was a paper note.
Production of the magazine is currently based at the CUSU Offices on the New Museums Site.
Reforma, along with the other newspapers of its parent, have an interest in color printing.
In 1997, the Gazette was sold to Rust Communications.
All newspaper editorial content is independent of UJC, and the views it expresses are not necessarily those of UJC.
There are also four sister editions called the Oldham Extra, Saddleworth Extra, Tameside Extra and Dale Times published on the first Thursday of each month.
Along with The Telegraph, Civitas Media also owns the Journal-Courier in nearby Jacksonville, Illinois, and the Sedalia Democrat in Missouri.
The Lincoln Journal Star is a daily newspaper that serves Lincoln, Nebraska, United States.
The paper predominately features stories about celebrities, sport, and news and gossip about popular television programmes, such as soap operas and reality TV shows.
The Doncaster Free Press is a weekly newspaper in Doncaster, South Yorkshire, England.
The Hans India is an English-language daily newspaper being published from Hyderabad, Telangana.
The Vail Daily covers the Colorado communities of Vail, Avon, Edwards, Beaver Creek, and Minturn, as well as greater Eagle County.
Modern machines often include computers and sensors that monitor performance and plan movement, and are called mechanical systems.
Established in 2007, Attire Accessories magazine is published bi-monthly.
In 2005, Womack sold the papers to GateHouse Media.
It was first published on 19 December 1856.
The enterprise, begun to boost the reputation of the city and attract settlers, was backed by political activist Adolph Douai.
As of 2012, it had a circulation of 20,000, approximately the same as in 1939 and a 10% decline from 2011's circulation of 23,493.
The Georgia Voice is a LGBT-oriented bi-weekly newspaper based in Atlanta, Georgia.
The last printed edition of The Independent was published Saturday 20 March 2016, leaving only its digital editions.
Nowy Dzień was a short-lived Polish middle-market daily newspaper, which appeared from 14 November 2005 until 23 February 2006.
Volkswacht was a social democratic newspaper published in Danzig, Germany from 1910 to 1919.
Like the Daily Mail it is owned by the Daily Mail and General Trust, but the editorial staffs of the two papers are entirely separate.
It has a daily circulation of about 47,385 and a Sunday circulation of about 58,378.
The Redding Record Searchlight is a newspaper serving Redding, California.
The publisher of the newspaper is Kazi Anis Ahmed, while Zafar Sobhan serves as the editor.
Key contributors included Egdar Allix and Bastid.
Both papers cover sections of Saline County, Illinois, including Carrier Mills, Eldorado, Harrisburg and Stonefort.
Southern Voice claimed over 100,000 readers, the most widely read LGBT paper in the region.
The Freie Arbeiter Stimme was the longest-running anarchist periodical in the Yiddish language, founded initially as an American counterpart to Rudolf Rocker's London-based Arbeter Fraynd.
Asghar Abdullah, Tariq Mehmood Ahsan, and Saleem Shahab have also been contributing articles for Weekly Zindagi Magazine.
Santa Monica is a beachfront city in western Los Angeles County, California, United States.
Towns in the Daily Times' coverage area include Coventry, East Greenwich, West Greenwich and West Warwick, all suburbs or rural towns southwest of Providence, Rhode Island.
This weekly publication has operated continuously since 1968.
Its sister newspapers are The Sunday Leader and the defunct The Morning Leader.
The National Guardian, later known as The Guardian, was a radical leftist independent weekly newspaper established in 1948 in New York City.
It is published from Bengaluru, Hubballi, Mangaluru, Shivamogga, Kalaburagi,Gangavathi, Belagavi, Davanagere, Hassan, Chitradurga etc.
The newspaper covers Augusta and the surrounding capital area and southern Kennebec County.
FUTU is co-created by some well-known graphic design studios in Europe like Studio8 Design and Alber Folch Studio.
In the midst of the ongoing revolution, Burevestnik called for immediate expropriation of private property.
It is published by Prairie Mountain Publishing, a unit of MediaNews Group.
Silicon Valley and the North Bay Bohemian in the Sonoma/Napa/Marin area.
He is a well known veteran journalist in Bangladesh.
The circulation during recent years stood at 15,000–20,000 copies.
The Tribune is the second-oldest newspaper in Texas.
The newspaper backed a 'No' vote in the referendum on Scottish independence.
In addition to Moss, the newspaper covers Rygge, Råde, Våler, Son and Hobøl.
In the late 1960s, he was replaced by Govindrao Talwalkar.
The New York World was a newspaper published in New York City from 1860 until 1931.
He is also the Director of the Divya Himachal's Premier Events.
The Banner was published each Monday through Friday afternoon, and at one time carried as many as five editions.
After the war ended in 1995, Slobodna Dalmacija was faced with serious financial problems.
Published since 1880, the paper is the recipient of eight Pulitzer Prizes.
The current editor of Roar for academic year 2017-18 is Rebekah Evans.
According to [1] The State newspaper, "The publication continues to establish its voice, and possibly most important, people still talk about it."
The Laredo Morning Times was founded on June 14, 1881 as the Laredo Weekly, a four-page newspaper published by James Saunders Penn.
The newspaper features local news from eastern Aigialeia.
Peralta Ramos named Félix Laiño director, and the paper's broadsheet layout was reformatted and more heavily illustrated.
Among the syndicated columnists whose columns it runs are Thomas Sowell, Walter Williams, and Tibor Machan.
The Southern Star was in competition with the Skibbereen Eagle, which eventually folded, and in 1929 was bought out by The Southern Star.
In 2015 it was awarded the Freedom of Press Prize by international NGO Reporters Without Borders for making a stand against the government's mounting pressure.
The newspaper has its offices on Westgate in Wetherby.
Established on July 1, 1910 by Ángel Carotini and Miguel Arturo Baccaro.
In 1827 the publication was sold to William Reynell and it became the Windsor and Eton Express and Reading Journal.
Sub Board provides some funding and a business structure for the magazine.
Senator Edmund Muskie of Maine, who unsuccessfully sought the Democratic presidential nomination.
The newspaper is famous for its tone and plebeian style of headlining stories.
The newspaper repeatedly voiced support for the Birobidzhan movement.)
Weekly Volcano also run under the name Northwest Military with South Sound events for military families.
Boise Weekly is a newspaper in Boise, Idaho, United States.
He eventually worked for the Washington Post and was known for his muckraking columns, especially during the Richard Nixon/Watergate era.
This made The Sun the highest selling newspaper in Nigeria.
As its name implies, it covers news and sports within Livingston County and had offices in both Howell and Brighton.
With its growing popularity, the newsweekly expanded distribution of the Macon version to the surrounding Middle Georgia cities of Milledgeville and Warner Robins.
From its inception until 1917 the newspaper cost a halfpenny.
Independent Newspapers resumed publication on 30 March 1977 but the three-year closure had taken its toll.
Most recently, The Chronicle added an addition, The Dirt.
Dagblad de Limburger is a Dutch newspaper oriented towards the province Limburg.
The magazine employs several illustrators, among them Alfredo Baroni, Roberto Mangosi, Sandro Mosca, Giorgio Noliani, Simona Simone, and Enrico Viceconte.
In 1999, Bronx News received attention for its coverage of the Amadou Diallo shooting.
The newspaper generally reports on events of interest in its distribution area, including the suburbs of Morphett Vale, Noarlunga, Reynella and Aldinga.
The paper's current estimated circulation is 6,000 copies per day.
It is edited and printed in Dunoon, and is known locally as the Standard.
The Omaha World-Herald Co. purchased the Hub in 1984.
Cooltura is a Polish-language magazine, published weekly in the United Kingdom with a print run of 55.000 copies.
In 2011, Miami Today was awarded 7 distinct awards from the Florida Press Association.
Six Novaya Gazeta journalists, including Yury Shchekochikhin, Anna Politkovskaya and Anastasia Baburova, have been murdered since 2001, in connection with their investigations.
China Television and Chung T'ien Television are both under the ownership of the Want Want China Times Group.
The Daily Plainsman, also referred to as the Plainsman, is a newspaper in Huron, South Dakota.
Wall Street Journal travel editor Scott McCartney was editor of The Chronicle in the 1980s.
Articles were for the most part in essay form, often containing both factual information and editorial comment.
The newspaper is distributed throughout Franklin County and Northwestern Vermont.
Donrey added the Sunday edition in 1979.
ATUC later launched al-'Ummal as its new organ.
It serves the Armstrong and Spallumcheen area.
Beaudoin left in July 2006 after 10 years at the newspaper to become the publisher of the Logan Herald-Observer and Woodbine Twiner in Harrison County, Iowa.
The last issue of The Tidings was published in June 2016; in July 2016 it was transformed into the multimedia news platform ANGELUS.
The Rocky Mountain News was a daily newspaper published in Denver, Colorado, United States from April 23, 1859, until February 27, 2009.
This compares with The Scottish Sun's audience in Scotland of 1.41 million and The Scotsman at 1.13 million.
On January 12, 2012, the BYU Communications Department announced the newspaper's move to digital.
At the time, it was a four-page newspaper, published every two weeks and with a circulation of six hundred copies.
Published in tabloid format, the newspaper has a circulation of 3,038 in 2013.
It also covers the waterfront of Secaucus New Jersey, and in recent years has also moved with distribution and mail to inner city locations.
7DAYS was an English language free daily newspaper published in the United Arab Emirates.
The newspaper consists mainly of sections related to politics, business, sports, culture, Romania-related news and weather.
La Prensa is a Mexican newspaper, owned by Organizacion Editorial Mexicana, established in 1928.
It has covered the tri-county area of Surry, Wilkes, and Yadkin counties since 1911.
The San Francisco Examiner is a longtime daily newspaper distributed in and around San Francisco, California.
The newspaper was founded in 1912 to serve the Japanese immigrant community in Hawaii.
Al-Hayat is one of the leading daily pan-Arab newspapers, with a circulation estimated over 200,000.
The Galion Inquirer is an American daily newspaper published in Galion, Ohio.
Since its foundation, Das Echo faced the delocalisation of its readers from Montreal and the rest of Quebec to other Canadian provinces.
These are distributed on the Curtin Bentley campus in Western Australia, as well as to many street location across the Perth metro area.
The Western Weekender was first published in 1991.
The Great Falls Tribune won the Pulitzer Prize for explanatory journalism in 2000 for a yearlong series on alcoholism.
Daily NK is an online newspaper focusing on issues relating to North Korea.
A Voz da Póvoa is one of the three main local newspapers of Póvoa de Varzim, Portugal.
It has become a natural part of the local social environment.
It began offering daily updates in 1996.
Holman used the Reader format and nameplate with the blessings of his friends in Chicago.
The last edition of The Ceylon Herald had been published on 30 June 1846.
Al Ahdath Al Maghribia is a daily Moroccan tabloid.
It also publishes cryptic puzzles, rebuses, technical articles about word puzzles and, more generally, wordplay.
The legal address of the company, where their administrative offices are, is 300 Jr. Miró Quesada, Cercado of Lima, Lima, Peru.
Sports reporter John Florence received the unsung hero award at the 2008 James McLean Trust Awards.
The Apple Daily is a newspaper printed in Taiwan and owned by Hong Kong-based Next Digital.
Its fondness for sex scandals gained it the nicknames, Wanker's Weekly, News of the Screws and Screws of the World.
In October 1980, The Dispatch installed a front-end system that handled all copy electronically, making typewriters almost obsolete.
Apple Daily tends to favour the pan-democracy camp in its editorials and commentaries.
The Herald Series - a set of weekly newspapers covering Abingdon, Wantage, Wallingford and Didcot.
It has a circulation of approximately 4,000 and prints an edition every Thursday.
Nine were working at The Citizen before the closure of the Free Press.
The Mendota Beacon was a free, privately funded biweekly published newspaper in Madison, Wisconsin between 2005 and 2007.
Financially, The Maneater is a non-profit publication funded by advertisers.
Zheleznodorozhnik Belorussii is a Russian language newspaper published in Belarus.
According to the Audit Bureau of Circulations, it has a circulation of 1.16 million copies as of November 2015.
Following the closure of The Ann Arbor News in July 2009, The Michigan Daily became the only printed daily newspaper published in Washtenaw County.
It is one of the larger daily newspapers in the Nordic countries.
The Daily Star is a pan–Middle East English language newspaper edited in Beirut.
The newspaper was the first to publish colour on its front cover and in selected pages.
From September 1933 to April 1938 it was published as The London Forum.
Tygodnik Ilustrowany was a Polish language weekly magazine published in Warsaw from 1859 to 1939.
The Beloit Daily News is a daily newspaper that has served Beloit, Wisconsin and the stateline area since 1848.
Realising the profitability of the market, Shih established am730 in late July 2005
News coverage is limited to Fort Leavenworth events and activities.
Senior UK political and Manchester correspondent is Bezalel Cohen.
During the protracted dispute, some Post journalists launched their own newspaper, receiving moral support from Brian Clough, then manager of Nottingham Forest.
Ad Valvas is the college newspaper of the Vrije Universiteit in Amsterdam, Netherlands.
The Friday issue is the largest and contains The Post Real Estate and New Homes sections.
Gantch was an Armenian language weekly newspaper published in Beirut, Lebanon in 1971–1983 and then again 1996–2006.
The Gazette prints original articles as well as wire stories from the Associated Press.
In November 2012, local D.C. television station WRC-TV co-located its Northern Virginia bureau in the offices of the Fairfax Times.
It hits newsstands at 11 a.m. on Thursdays.
The paper won a number of awards at the 2010 convention of the Texas Press Association.
It is the first free newspaper in Hong Kong.
The paper covers Harvey County, including the cities of Newton, Burrton, Halstead, Hesston, North Newton and Sedgwick.
Its sister paper, the Daily Mail, was first published in 1896.
Haveeru Daily was the longest serving daily newspaper in the Maldives, established on January 1, 1979.
Liberty Group Publishing was subsequently sold in 2005 to Fortress Investment Group and renamed to GateHouse Media.
The newspaper focuses on local music, art, dining, film and culture and is distributed on Thursdays.
It was founded in 1966 and was published until 23 November 1989.
It is also the primary newspaper of record for the state of Virginia.
It was founded on March 15, 1958.
The last editor of the paper was Kamal Majidulla.
Along with less than a dozen newspapers on the island of Ireland, it is still printed, published and owned locally.
The Toronto Empire was a newspaper established in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, in 1887.
The New York Observer was a weekly newspaper published in New York City from 1987 to 2016.
Donmoyer, Patrick: Folk culture specialist, site manager at the Pennsylvania German Cultural Heritage Center, board member of Groundhog Lodge No.
Tempo was a Serbia-based magazine devoted to sports, published weekly.
Its news staff was a Pulitzer Prize finalist in general news reporting for its Hurricane Hugo coverage in 1989.
In August 2014, The Tiger started publishing twice weekly, on Tuesday and Thursday.
The management had not been able to pay salaries to the employees for months before the closure.
The Suburban Times is an online newspaper in southwest Pierce County in Washington state, USA.
The Athens Messenger was established in 1848, and became a daily publication in 1904.
History The newspaper was funded by a group of senators, MPs, industrialists and landowners.
Currently the paper, owned by Polskapresse, is managed by Tomasz Lachowicz, its new editor-in-chief.
Its offices are located at the Dry Arch Business Park, Bonagee.
As of 2017, each full-time student pays $3.75 per semester to the Martlet.
The New Hampshire, or TNH, is the "University of New Hampshire's student newspaper since 1911," published by the student organization of the same name.
Smålandsposten is a Swedish language local morning newspaper published in Växjö, Southern Sweden.
Burevestnik was the organ of the Petrograd Federation of Anarchist Groups.
It is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc.
Haïti Progrès is a US-based weekly newspaper founded in 1983 that focuses on news concerning Haiti.
In addition to content from the affiliated newspapers, OregonLive also uses content from the Associated Press.
The Flat Hat is the official student newspaper at the College of William and Mary in Williamsburg, VA.
Mothers News was a free monthly newspaper published in Providence, RI by Rhododendron Festival.
The Triumph Newspaper was established in June 1980.
However, in the first few months of the administration of General Ibrahim Babangida, who took power in August 1985, the magazine was shamelessly flattering.
Cowles was a Republican politician and served as a U.S.
It carries local news as well as syndicated content from Associated Press and others.
Both newspapers are owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc, who acquired them from The Thomson Corporation in 2000.
The Yancey County News was a weekly newspaper in Burnsville, North Carolina, serving Yancey County.
The Saginaw Valley Journal is a newspaper that covers the campus of Saginaw Valley State University in University Center, Michigan.
It is targeted to offer Duke students a rendition of the Chronicle straight to their email.
The newspaper's offices are located at The Daily Campus Building at 1266 Storrs Road in Storrs, Connecticut.
Brisbane Times is an online newspaper for Brisbane and Queensland, Australia.
Design News serves the information needs of the field of design engineering.
The current executive editor is Sarah Tarr, and its publisher is Mitchell Peace.
He had previously received death threats, and had written an article on the Counterguerrilla in the 2-8 February issue.
As of 2011 the chief editor of this daily was Dr. Sivanath Barman, a retired physics professor and an Assamese scholar.
The newspaper added a Friday edition in 1978.
The Greenville News is a daily morning newspaper published in Greenville, South Carolina.
It was placed under the direction of Pierre Gaxotte until 1939.
It publishes a print edition weekly during the academic year, equaling roughly 22 editions a year.
The newspaper reports on the activities of the key European Union institutions: the European Commission, European Parliament, and Council of Ministers.
It has a circulation of 26,811 as of 2016, down −12.3% year on year.
The Grants Pass Daily Courier is an independent, family-owned daily newspaper published in Grants Pass, Oregon, United States.
The World Company closed the Signal on December 31, 2015.
Tygodnik Powszechny is a Polish Roman Catholic weekly magazine, published in Kraków, which focuses on social and cultural issues.
Goniec Polski is a weekly magazine for the Polish community in the United Kingdom that is published in London.
Its sister newspaper are Sunday Observer, Silumina, Dinamina and Daily News.
That year, the company formed the Northeast Pennsylvania News Alliance, a news-sharing agreement between Times-Shamrock's newspapers and several local radio and TV stations.
It was established in 1902, and is the oldest continuously-circulated English-language Jewish newspaper in the United States.
In 1916 Dr Sanders returned to Raglan, but sold the practice to Dr. Cashmore in the early 20s.
The paper targets Portuguese people working in the country.
In 2007, the paper was sold to Fairport, New York-based GateHouse Media.
It was established in 1945 under the auspices of Cardinal Adam Stefan Sapieha.
In 1999, the papers were purchased by Times-Shamrock Communications.
Its offices are based in Holmer Road, Worcester.
It has traditionally had a center-left ideology, but has recently moved to the center.
It was first launched on November 11, 2011, by Saradha Printing and Publications Pvt.
Its current managing editor is Dragan Pavlović Latas and deputy manager is Ivona Talevska.
Both editions had a combined ABC circulation of 10,059 for the first half of 2007.
Timerman downsized the ailing daily, and converted it into a morning paper, but a 1987 staff strike resulted in its closure.
That makes it the most read newspaper in Denmark.
The Republican-Review-Reporter was shortened to The Reporter-Review.
According to its website, the Catholic has a total market of 111,250 Catholics.
The Blade is often referred to as America's gay newspaper of record because it chronicled LGBT news locally, nationally, and internationally.
The newspaper's electronic version began in 1996.
In 1994 the Independent was purchased by Metro Newspapers, an independent group of three Bay Area alternative weeklies and the publication frequency was changed to weekly.
The Daily Advertiser is the regional newspaper which services Wagga Wagga, New South Wales Australia and much of the surrounding region.
The Pea Ridge Pod was a newspaper established in Pea Ridge, Arkansas in 1913 by William F. Peck.
In the first quarter of 2007, 28,757 copies were sold.
The Tweed Daily News website is part of the APN Regional News Network.
Khao Sod is more "mass-oriented" and "upcountry-focused" in style than its sister newspapers in the Matichon Group.
The Cordele Dispatch is a daily newspaper published in Cordele, Georgia.
The newspaper was founded on July 26, 1996, as Dos, Enlace de Culturas by Benjamín Galván Gómez.
Bangkok Post's daily circulation is 110,000, 100 percent distributed in Bangkok taking over Thai rath.
Student writers, editors, photographers and artists can develop their talents and air their opinions while providing a service to the campus community through the Daily Trojan.
Dala-Demokraten is a Swedish social democratic newspaper published in Falun, Dalarna, Sweden.
It was based in Carrick-on-Shannon and competed with another paper called the Leitrim Observer.
tbjhome is China's only English-language magazine covering lifestyle, design and architecture.
Its first edition was published on 1 January 1870.
Over 200 students are involved in the publication of the paper.
Co-owned by Eli Azur and David Weisman, it was first published on August 5, 2007.
However, a new paper was launched in August 2011 called the Oxfordshire Guardian, which covers the area of the Courier.
The paper's earliest antecedent is the Owosso American, which was founded in 1854.
It was established as The Catholic Herald Citizen by Bishop Albert Meyer, starting in 1953.
Other columnists include Arturo Rivera, Joe O'Neill, Richard Muga, Emily Carney, Paul Guzzo, Leonardo Venta, Harvey Grajales, Gene Siudut, Kyle Dion and Travis Puterbaugh.
The concessionaire of this magazine was Enayatollah Dastgheib and it was published in Shiraz since 1909.
In 2016, the paper was one of four that was merged into the East Bay Times.
The Hull Daily Mail publishes a second edition, the "East Riding Mail", covering East Yorkshire outside the city of Hull.
In response, founding chairman Sameh Akram Habeeb stated that Lendman’s article represents "him and his views.
The newspaper first appeared intermittently in the early 1990s following the expulsion of members of Militant tendency from the Labour Party.
The paper's other directors included Hector Alfred Jayewardene and Francis de Zoysa.
Hough sought out Reston, telling him "I want it to go into a newspaper family and you have writing sons."
PreSense, India's first national Ezine, is published by Prime Point Foundation since 2006 every month.
The paper has won numerous awards for excellence at the Maine Press Association.
It is distributed by Penda Publishing located in Downtown Springfield, Ohio.
The Jerusalem Post Lite is an Israeli weekly easy-English newspaper/magazine for improving English.
In 2010 Alliance for Auditing approved a rule change allowing traditional print newspapers to combine their online readership to their print circulation.
In 1936 it published Vladimir Kislitsin's memoirs In the fires of the Civil War: Memoires.
The Singapore Free Press was an English-language daily broadsheet newspaper based in Singapore.
Iranama was a Sinhala language weekly newspaper in Ceylon published by Independent Newspapers Limited, part of M. D. Gunasena & Company.
The Andrews Journal is an American community newspaper based in Andrews, North Carolina, covering the regions of Andrews, Marble, Nantahala and Topton.
The Manufacturing Business Technology site was re-launched by Advantage Business Media in April, 2010.
With national distribution throughout Thailand, the newspaper is the largest English-language publication in or about Phuket, and ranks as the third largest newspaper in Thailand.
Figures for 2016 show that the paper sold an average of 22,251 copies.
Since 1949 the newspaper has organised a cycling stage race, the Grand Prix du Midi Libre.
In terms of Christian alignment, it sits comfortably alongside the Greenbelt festival or the website Ship of Fools.
For many years, the Evening Post produced a separate edition for South Yorkshire printed simultaneously in Doncaster.
It carried the byline Diario independiente defensor de los intereses de la provincia.
The first issue of the Nieuwsblad van het Noorden appeared on 2 June 1888.
Its target audience is the business and political elite, the affluent, the educated and the upwardly mobile.
It is a quarterly journal based in Plano, Texas.
The New Braunfels Herald-Zeitung is a newspaper based in New Braunfels, Texas, covering the Comal County area of Central Texas.
It is owned by GateHouse Media and used to be known as The Evening Telegram.
It was published weekly on a Monday until Spring 2006 when a second edition began to be released each week on Friday.
It was edited in its final years by Nóirín Hegarty, who changed both the tone and the physical format of the newspaper from broadsheet to tabloid.
The paper is a broadsheet published with two sections.
Novy Chas is an independent weekly newspaper published in Belarus.
It was conceived by the then-owners of Express Newspapers, Trafalgar House, to take on the strength of the Daily Mirror and The Sun in the north.
Its editor, Scott Dickensheets, took the position in February 2011 after then-Editor Steve Sebelius returned to the Las Vegas Review-Journal as a political columnist.
Diario de Morelia, morning newspaper with more than 65 years publishing and La Extra, afternoon newspaper with more than 45 years.
It is the only student-run group of its kind in the country.
The China Post is a member of Asia News Network.
It is owned by APN News & Media.
Bob Cusack currently serves as the editor-in-chief, Johanna Derlega as the publisher, and Ian Swanson as managing editor.
The Letterkenny People is a weekly freesheet published in Letterkenny, County Donegal in northwest Ireland.
The Michigan Daily is published in broadsheet form five days a week, Monday through Friday, during the Fall and Winter semesters.
Distributors have also been employed to hand out copies to pedestrians.
As of 2006 the Hamburger Morgenpost was the second-largest newspaper in Hamburg after Bild Zeitung.
In 1974, it was renamed La République and published for one year as a French daily newspaper, with the front page only in Arabic.
Thai Rath is a daily newspaper in the Thai published in Bangkok and distributed nationwide.
A. Spender – by the number of lesser journals that duplicated its contents."
The paper carries various nationally syndicated columns and features such as News of the Weird and The New York Times crossword puzzle.
Located at 245 East Main Street in downtown Rochester, the Democrat and Chronicle operates under the ownership of Gannett.
Duncan was followed by Mark Contreas who worked in several executive capacities with the Pulitzer Company before become head of the newspaper division for Scripps.
The Register-Guard is a daily newspaper published in Eugene, Oregon, United States.
It is Nepali language broadsheet newspaper with a daily print run of 90,000 copies and considered as one of the leading National daily newspaper of Nepal.
Kane County Chronicle is a daily newspaper serving Kane County, Illinois.
After Mukherjee's death his efforts were carried on by Anil Biswas.
Irving, of the Irving Group of Companies, with stakes in forestry, shipbuilding and consumer products.
Bicester Advertiser - a weekly newspaper covering Bicester.
The Gazette Media Company Ltd is also well-known locally for being the publisher of the free Herald & Post newspaper.
It is descended from the Granbury Vidette, founded around 1884 by Ashley W. Crockett.
Having been published for 66 years, it is the oldest Montenegrin newspaper still in circulation.
The paper itself has also had a major redesign for the Graduation edition.
Kangtoap Padevat was a Khmer language weekly newspaper in Cambodia, published in the 1980s.
Corriere dello Sport – Stadio is an Italian national sports newspaper based in Rome, Italy.
In 1995 it became part of the Freedom Communications chain; it was sold in May 2012 to Ohio Community Media.
Faced with financial losses, the Bordens sold the paper to Francis W. Moore, Jr. and Jacob Cruger in 1837.
Aamulehti is a Finnish language daily newspaper published in Tampere, Finland.
Informaţia Zilei is a Romanian daily newspaper, issued by the Solpress company and focusing mainly on politics, public affairs, sports and economy.
Perry died in 1952 and his death spurred speculation about the fate of his newspaper chain.
In 2015, Halifax was acquired by New Media Investment Group.
Also in 2015, Now reporter Amy Reid received the S. Tara Singh Hayer journalism award due to work highlighting needs of homeless people.
The newspaper was established on August 13, 1950.
National Mortgage News is owned by SourceMedia.
In 1927 the Social Democratic Labour Party reconciled with the Labour Party, and the two parties again became one.
It was founded in 1944 after the Liberation of France in World War II.
The news coverage of the paper is mainly based on the paper's local county of Cavan.
Los Angeles Reader was a weekly paper established in 1978 and distributed in Los Angeles, United States.
In the 1960s the paper routinely defended the New Frontier policies of John F. Kennedy and criticize The Courier-Journal and Kentucky governor A.
Sadbhavana Times is an Indian English-language newspaper published in Bangalore once every week.
The newspaper is owned by Roy Publications Limited.
In 1980, it was a 4-page newspaper.
Diário Económico was a print Portuguese business newspaper based in Lisbon, Portugal.
On 19 November 2010, The Daily Telegraph released their iPad application enabling users to view a custom version of the website.
Gold also managed to attend several Mill Valley Film Festival's for the paper.
Stavanger Aftenblad or simply Aftenbladet is a daily newspaper based in Stavanger, Norway.
The Pop Manifesto is a digital magazine, based in New York City, United States but was founded in Sydney, Australia.
Third Way reviewed films, music, books and television.
The paper is one of the News Limited community newspapers in New South Wales.
The newspaper concentrates on news of the community and also features columns by local writers.
The name is derived from the Greek words "panta" and "grapho," which has a combined meaning of "write all things."
The Marion County Record is a weekly newspaper published in Marion, Kansas, and serves as the official newspaper of City of Marion and Marion County.
Founded in the later 19th century, the paper was mainly controlled by Irish Catholic interests before being sold to Charles H. Taylor and his family.
It is available free of charge on campus and is available for home delivery by subscription.
Published by ncjMedia,, The Journal is produced every weekday and Saturday morning and is complemented by its sister publications the Evening Chronicle and the Sunday Sun.
The Daily Jang is published by the Jang Group of Newspapers.
The publisher is Orage Quarles, who was named the nation's outstanding publisher by Editor and Publisher magazine in 2002.
It was stopped in 1941, but returned in 1945.
The Citizen is a tabloid-style newspaper distributed nationally in South Africa.
Sin Chew Daily is a member of the Asia News Network.
In 1997, it moved to twice editions a week, and since 2010 it has been published three editions a week.
L'Indépendant is a newspaper published in Luxembourg from 1945.
Ed Gillette is the current CEO of Scranton Gillette Communications, Inc.
The TES no longer has a connection with The Times newspaper.
The Duluth News Tribune is a newspaper based in Duluth, Minnesota.
The company also uses Twitter and Facebook to break news and communicate with readers.
Reporting is focused on local features and local government.
Deutsche Adria-Zeitung was discontinued in May 1945.
It is owned by the KM Group and is published on Thursdays.
El Economista is a Spanish daily newspaper which focuses on economical, financial and business affairs.
Kawartha Lakes This Week has a circulation of 30,300, including papers delivered to boxes, and employs 22 people.
The Xavier Newswire is an independent newspaper published weekly during the academic year by the students of Xavier University in Cincinnati, Ohio.
The newspaper was first published in 1953; it is using this date as the first volume that the volume numbers are currently derived.
The newspaper’s independent stance has frequently brought it into trouble with the authorities.
On July 24, 2013, Times Leader Executive News Editor Joe Butkiewicz, a journalist with the newspaper for three decades, announced his resignation.
The Chugoku Shimbun or Midland News is a Japanese local daily newspaper based in Hiroshima.
The Peace Arch News is delivered to more than 37,000 homes and businesses in White Rock and South Surrey.
The paper focuses on local community news in the city, with some occasional coverage of wider issues in Northwest Territories and Northern Canada generally.
It is the only 32-page all-colour daily newspaper in Bangladesh.
The Taney County Republican began publishing in 1895.
The newspaper has been attacked several times, a number of its staff have been murdered by paramilitary groups and other forces, and it regularly receives threats.
As a result, the "Haratch" Elementary School was built next to the newly established St. Paul church in the village.
It was founded by Alfred Harmsworth, who sold it to his brother Harold Harmsworth in 1913.
In 2006 the Media Group Limburg was sold to the British Mecom Group.
The newspapers are owned by Newsquest, a division of the firm based in the United States, Gannett.
Jewish residents of Amesbury, Andover, Bradford, Groveland, Haverhill, Lawrence, Merrimac, Methuen, North Andover, and Salisbury must pay a subscription fee to receive the newspaper.
Founded in 1974, it was known as Vecherniy Frunze since 1991.
It is named for the university's mascot, the Aztec.
It has been covered by The New York Times, The Register, Nonprofit Quarterly, and Heise Online.
Today, there are a host of MNCs, Call center, BPO, Showrooms and Media Group operations in the area.
It is the sister paper of Telegraph & Argus, at whose Bradford printworks it is printed.
However, Sun Media was acquired by Postmedia in 2015, making the Vancouver Sun and the tabloid Sun papers part of the same company.
The newspaper is a member of the Associated Press, serving five Ohio counties and two Kentucky counties.
It was founded by the editor-in-chief of the newspaper «Nezavisimaya Gazeta» Vitaly Tretyakov.
Shortly after its establishment, the publication received three awards from the Society for News Design.
The paper started out life as the Independent and later the Lake County Independent based in Libertyville in 1892.
The Global Times differentiates itself from other Chinese newspapers in part through its more populist approach to journalism, coupled with a tendency to court controversy.
La Gazette du Maroc was a francophone weekly newspaper published in Casablanca, Morocco.
The New Evening Post was a Hong Kong newspaper.
Latest racing, bloodstock and sport horse news.
The New York Times Company acquired 8 daily papers, including the TimesDaily, from Worrell in 1982.
The Spinnaker is the official student magazine, 24/7 website, radio station, and TV station of the University of North Florida.
The Guardian is a daily newspaper published six days a week in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island, Canada.
Sun Publishing is itself a subsidiary of Record-Journal Publishing Company of Meriden, Connecticut.
The final edition was published on 12 June 2015.
WND is a politically conservative American news and opinion website and online news aggregator.
The newspaper also publishes C-T X-Tra, a free shopper, and MyChiliMo, a free monthly collection of reader-submitted articles and photographs.
The Foghorn Online Edition was started in 1995.
Until early 2005, it was printed in broadsheet format, the last Bulgarian daily to use the large format.
Cure is a Japanese rock music and fashion magazine published monthly.
The Coyote Chronicle is the student newspaper at California State University, San Bernardino.
Aviso Oportuno is the classifieds service of El Universal.
The newspaper is distributed in the northern, northwestern and western suburbs of Chicago.
The paper began in 1873, when it rented space in the rival Detroit Free Press's building.
Among newspapers noted as predecessors to the Daily Mail is Olney Times, which was published weekly on Fridays and began circulation c. 1856.
Ibori, who had been elected governor of Delta State in April 1999, relaunched the paper in a more colorful and attractive format, but without success.
It was a bombastic and opinionated paper and featured local rabble-rouser Brian "Godzilla" Salmi often.
It is published by the Observer Publishing Company of Washington, Pennsylvania.
The newspaper was founded as an unapologetically right-wing alternative other the Israeli media sources and to create high-quality platform debate to the conservatives in Israel.
The first edition of the Tamworth Herald published on 8 August 1868 carried this advertisement on the front page ....
Its editor in chief is Erik Means.
The merger of these two newspapers, which published for a time as The Florence Times—Tri-Cities Daily, gives The TimesDaily its distinctive name.
Macpherson is the magazine's editor and publisher, and Merill is the magazine's Events Editor and Chief Photographer.
The publication publishes separate editions for each community.
Apart from Horton and Lee other senior government officials who wrote for the newspaper included the governor's private secretary Henry Tufnell and George Turnour.
The Preußische Allgemeine Zeitung states its political alignment to be "Prussian conservative".
The first edition was printed in 1990.
It was founded on 1964 and was published from Colombo.
The paper was founded in 1843 by Philadelphia attorney Henry E. Wallace.
Complete Sports is a Nigerian daily national sports newspaper and has its headquarters in Isolo, a local government area in Lagos State.
Montréal-Matin was a Quebec daily newspaper based in Montreal.
The Eastern edition published in Toronto, Ontario was launched in May 1993 by then Chairman P.H.
It was renamed in September 1946 to its current name upon the steady development of the Workers' Party of Korea.
Regular contributors include the Show-Me Institute, based in St. Louis, Missouri, and the Kansas Policy Institute, based in Wichita, Kansas.
The Billings Gazette is the largest newspaper in Montana.
It was a semiofficial news release for the Rákóczi's War of Independence, the articles were written in mostly Latin language.
The Norwich Evening News is a daily local newspaper published in Norwich, Norfolk, England.
The National is a private English-language daily newspaper published in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.
The newspaper is a strong supporter of Olympiacos F.C..
A sister paper, The Tri-Cities Daily, was founded in 1907.
Its circulation area encompassed the counties and areas of Cumbria, Lancashire, Greater Manchester, Merseyside and Cheshire, as well as parts of Stoke-on-Trent and North Wales.
It also publishes The Stoneham Independent, Tewksbury Town Crier and Wilmington Town Crier.
It operates independently of the university's administration and student society.
In 2008, Le Monde de l'éducation announced the end of its release.
Der Teckbote is a German daily newspaper for the Swabian town of Kirchheim unter Teck.
This article is about the defunct American radical newspaper.
In the end the dispute was settled, the majority sided for the position of CGT loyalists.
The main competitors to both papers are the Tameside Reporter and Glossop Chronicle which are both paid-for newspapers.
The total average issue readership for The Star is 105,498.
The Guardian had a sister publication, The Evening Patriot, which was discontinued in 1995 amid efficiency changes by the publishers.
It is published in 10 districts of Telangana State: Adilabad, Nizamabad, Karimnagar, Warangal, Khammam, Nalgonda, Medak, Ranga Reddy, Hyderabad, and Mahbubnagar.
Weekly circulation was 30,700 as of August 29, 2012 down 1,687 copies – or 5.2% – when compared to figures for March of the same year.
It was founded in 1963, and was the first to report news in Jasper.
The paper is distributed in more than 60 countries with almost 80% of its subscribers European citizens.
La Libre Parole or La Libre Parole illustrée was a French antisemitic political newspaper founded in 1892 by the journalist and polemicist Édouard Drumont.
L'Yonne républicaine is a regional daily newspaper which is based in Auxerre, Yonne.
It also publishes weekly entertainment magazines: Red in Baton Rouge and Lafayette, and Beaucoup in New Orleans.
The sports section covers all William and Mary varsity athletics and profiles teams and individual players.
Smolinisky replaced many of the writers, and sold the paper's longtime building due to the printing operation being outsourced.
Sandesh has 7 supplements published: Sanskar, Nari, Ardha Saptahik, Nakshatra, Cine Sandesh, Kids World, Shraddha, Action Replay, and Business@sandesh.
The present editor is Prafulla Govinda Baruah, son of Radha Govinda Baruah, and P. J. Baruah is the Executive Editor.
It covers the city of Greenfield and several nearby communities in Hancock County, Indiana.
Tuairisc.ie receives state funding through Foras na Gaeilge.
The paper has established its own press club in which every Saturday where journalists meet with a noteworthy personality for question and answer sessions.
In 2010, when Ringier AG and Axel Springer AG launched a new joint venture Ringier Axel Springer Media AG, Alo!
Hearst prints both The Advocate and the Time at the Connecticut Post plant in Bridgeport.
The Hürriyet Daily News, formerly Hürriyet Daily News and Economic Review and Turkish Daily News, is the oldest current English-language daily in Turkey, founded in 1961.
As of July 2013, Roads & Bridges had 61,000 subscribers for its print edition.
The Hattiesburg American is a U.S. newspaper based in Hattiesburg, Mississippi, that serves readers in Forrest, Lamar, and surrounding counties in south-central Mississippi.
Al-Arab or Alarab is a pan-Arab newspaper published from London, England, and sold in a number of countries.
Deepika publishes editions from Kottayam, Kochi, Kannur, Thrissur, Thiruvananthapuram and Kozhikode.
It is owned and published by Collegian Media Group.
The Daily News is a daily newspaper based in Bowling Green, Kentucky.
La Provincia Pavese is an Italian language regional daily newspaper and is the main paper of the province of Pavia.
Ziwaphi is based in Mbombela, the capital city of Mpumalanga Province, one of South Africa's nine provinces.
It is independent and owned by the Kessler Foundation, a charitable trust in the United Kingdom which has overall control of the newspaper and its assets.
Is printed in tabloid format and is based in Morelia.
The American Free Press is a weekly newspaper published in the United States.
The Sunday Correspondent was a short-lived British weekly national broadsheet newspaper.
It frequently featured the works of journalists John Edward Bruce and Richard W. Thompson.
Established in 1997, Chain Leader was published monthly.
The radio show gained a spike in listeners after cab driver Mohammed Haroon was killed, and the show dedicated an entire hour to him.
Publication was monthly until 25 March 1881, when the first weekly edition was produced.
In 1925-1943 it was known as Komsomolets Ukrayiny.
The editor-in-chief of Głos is Jan Franczyk.
Also known as Metro Silicon Valley, the paper serves the greater Silicon Valley area.
Borba was a Serbian newspaper, formerly the official gazette of the Yugoslav Communist Party.
The paper is a broadsheet, and emphasizes political and business news.
In September 1967 Helix was evicted from the office on Roosevelt Way.
Academia de Talentos is a Portuguese online newspaper, dedicated to youth-level football.
When the abolition took place, Whitty began publishing the Daily Post at one penny per copy, undercutting the incumbent best-selling Liverpudlian newspaper, the Liverpool Mercury.
La Extra is part of the Grupo Diario de Morelia, two newspapers in the city of Morelia, in the state of Michoacán in México.
Named for Mount Carmel in the Haifa district, the first issue was published in December 1908, with the stated purpose of "opposing Zionist colonization".
Its mission is to serve premier online content on Indian arts, and be recognized and respected by the Indian art fraternity.
HID Awolowo, who is chairman of the Nigerian Tribune's publisher African Newspapers of Nigeria Ltd, appointed Sam Adesua as the new managing director/editor-in-chief.
The Fiji Times is owned by Mahendra Motibhai Patel, who purchased it from Rupert Murdoch's News Corp in 2010.
In the following years Robotnik would be printed in various places by several groups of PPS, or related to it.
The Progress immediately became the group's flagship paper, and Worrell moved his newspaper group headquarters to Charlottesville.
The News was banned by the government in September 2003.
Their website, SME.sk, is one of the most visited Internet portals in Slovakia.
It publishes the annual PrepXtra high school football magazine with capsules and schedules for all schools located in the Pomona Valley and San Bernardino County
Diário Oficial da República dos Estados Unidos do Brasil
Its initial subtitle was "An Anarchist Youth Publication", but changed to "A Libertarian Communist Journal " after issue 1.
The company owns the Steuben Courier of Bath and two other nearby weeklies, The Chronicle-Express of Penn Yan and the Genesee Country Express of Dansville.
Bob and Peggy were named to the North Carolina Journalism Hall of fame in 2006, the first couple to be jointly named.
The last issue of "Haratch" was published with the date 30-31 May 2009.
It was established in 1945 as a regional newspaper for Lesser Poland region.
That competition included the Los Angeles Times, who in 1990 began publishing a daily Ventura County edition, replacing a weekly Ventura County section of the paper.
Het Nieuwe Volk was the organ of the National Socialist Dutch Workers Party of Ernst Herman van Rappard.
The Toronto Sun is an English-language daily tabloid newspaper published in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
The Manila Bulletin, is the Philippines' largest broadsheet newspaper by circulation, followed by the Philippine Daily Inquirer.
It primarily serves the Miami area and is headquartered in Miami's Wynwood Art District.
The Longford Leader is a weekly newspaper published in Longford, Ireland since 1897.
The word Daily was dropped in 1977 and the name changed to the Herald-Times in 1989.
It serves the Washington state communities of Lakewood, University Place, Fircrest, Steilacoom, DuPont, and Joint Base Lewis-McChord.
The Sunday Telegraph is an Australian newspaper, the separately published Sunday edition of The Daily Telegraph.
However, unlike others in its genre, Uptown generally does not provide any substantial coverage of current issues events apart from occasional columns concerning local news.
The Las Vegas Review-Journal is a major daily newspaper published in Las Vegas, Nevada since 1909.
Průkopník svobody was a Czech language newspaper published from Vienna, Austria.
Woman's Journal was an American women's rights periodical published from 1870-1931.
As of July 2009, total audited circulation is 100,206 subscribers.
While The Voice is explicitly liberal in its editorial content, its news reporting is objective.
The Vancouver Sun is a daily newspaper first published in the Canadian province of British Columbia on February 12, 1912.
In the early 21st century, the paper is headquartered at 520 South 16th Street, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Green Left Weekly is an Australian socialist newspaper, written by progressive activists to "present the views excluded by the big business media".
The Bradford West Gwillimbury Times is an award-winningweekly community newspaper that was founded in October 1991.
As of June 2008, total BPA audited circulation was 130,000 subscribers.
It was published between 1916 and 1927.
It was originally an online news outlet focusing on statewide coverage of the U.S. state of Alaska, and on circumpolar affairs and policy.
It is the oldest college weekly in America, having been founded in 1846 as the Hamilton Student.
By 1973/74 the Independent Newspapers publications had become vocal critics of Sirimavo Bandaranaike's government.
After a short run, the Rangoon paper was banned by the British colonial government due to its radical stance.
Other Timbuktu Media publications are NEXT on Sunday, Elan, X2 and the website 234NEXT.com.
The magazine presented a good amount of pictures made by Alberto G. Valdeavellano, a photography pioneer from Guatemala.
Tacoma Weekly is a weekly community newspaper published by Pierce County Community Newspaper Group.
In 2012, Local World acquired owner Northcliffe Media from Daily Mail and General Trust.
Although it covers most sports, football is the focal point of it, and almost always is the only sport referred to on the cover.
Although it is student operated, it receives university funding.
In April 2010 a mobile version of their website was launched, http://m.sanjevani.com.
The Carroll News is the student-run, co-curricular newspaper at John Carroll University, in University Heights, Ohio.
In 2014, San Francisco Media Co. became fully owned by Black Press.
Now 46 years later and several ownership changes later, the newspaper is still serving the original goal of reporting the local news.
It was a gazette that published official and legal documents, although it also included articles on Vietnamese culture and agriculture.
The articles, reports, investigations, think-pieces, and interviews are arranged and formatted differently for each issue.
The Ester Republic is a small, independent monthly newspaper published in Ester, Alaska, and established January 1999.
Al Watan is a daily newspaper in Saudi Arabia.
The Prager Zeitung is a German newspaper in the Czech Republic issued weekly in Prague.
The original branding, which has hardly changed since, was by Roger Tallon.
However, it was not a publicly communist newspaper.
Ghana's other state-owned paper is the Ghanaian Times.
It began life in 1915 as the Sunday Pictorial and was renamed the Sunday Mirror in 1963.
It is owned by the Wuxi Municipal Government.
As of 2005, it has a circulation of 100,000 copies and an annual turnover of some $35 million.
Plans were made for the new building.
Axel Danielsson also denounced the new publication.
It was one of the longest-running Yiddish newspapers in the city.
The Reidsville Review is the oldest and largest newspaper in Rockingham County, North Carolina.
In 1933 it changed its name to the Modesto Bee and News-Herald, and in 1975 abbreviated the name on its masthead to the Modesto Bee.
The Times, a daily newspaper serving the city of Little Falls in Herkimer County, is also published at The Telegram's Herkimer offices.
The Fayetteville Observer is a daily newspaper published in Fayetteville, North Carolina.
The Moose Jaw Times-Herald is a daily newspaper serving the city of Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan, Canada, and the surrounding area.
The weekly newspaper circulates in the towns of Bridgton, Brownfield, Cornish, Denmark, Fryeburg, Harrison, Hiram, Lovell, Parsonsfield and Porter, Maine.
Under röd flagg was a weekly magazine published in Sweden in 1891 by Hinke Bergegren.
It has been a locally owned, family enterprise since its founding in 1865, at the close of the American Civil War.
Janasadharan is an Indian Assamese language daily newspaper.
In addition to carrying news, all laws passed in Peru must be published by El Peruano.
Where What When is a monthly Jewish periodical in the Baltimore, Maryland area.
It is published on Tuesdays and Fridays and is a division of Wick Communications.
Founded in 1870 as a weekly, the Citizen became a daily newspaper in 1885.
The Times Record was a marriage of two historic newspapers in 1967 - the Brunswick Record and the Bath Daily Times.
Lew Williams, Jr., who became the paper's managing editor in 1966, was well known in Alaska as an opinion columnist.
The Daily Home is a daily newspaper serving the Talladega County and St. Clair County, Alabama areas.
The Herald changed owners again in October 2007, when CNHI sold it and two other papers to the Sumner family.
The Observer, established in 1896, is a newspaper that serves Union and Wallowa counties in the U.S. state of Oregon.
In 2017 Y Cymro's current owners could not find a buyer and the paper closed, along with its website.
Norway's second largest newspaper, VG, is also owned by Schibsted.
That revelation led to the indictment of the mayor and his bodyguards on multiple criminal charges.
Civil rights advocate and lecturer Mary Church Terrell gave financial support and wrote a column for the paper.
It is owned by Younis Art Studio Inc. Marianas Variety is a member of the Associated Press, Reuters, and the Pacific Islands News Association.
Maaseudun Tulevaisuus is a Finnish language newspaper published three times per week in Helsinki, Finland.
The Sofia Echo is Bulgaria's national English-language weekly newspaper published out of Sofia, the capital of Bulgaria.
It is headquartered in Tulsa, Oklahoma and the journal has a major presence in Houston, Texas.
It is owned by Allen Publishing LLC, a corporation owned by Todd Allen, son of original owners Robert W. "Bob" and Margaret G. "Peggy" Allen.
El Eco Obrero advocated unity in action between capitalists and workers
It had a circulation of 70,000, and reached a quarter of a million readers per week.
The newspaper's constitution grants the paper editorial independence.
Reference News is a newspaper daily which has the largest circulation in mainland China.
Publishers George A.T. Neu and Tom Whitehead Sr. were presidents of the Texas Press Association in 1927 and 1959, respectively.
It is currently edited by Scott Bland.
It was a newspaper of record in the Soviet Union from 1917 until the dissolution of the USSR in 1991.
The magazine is known for extensive coverage of LSU football recruiting and insider information with its annual football-season preview being the most popular issue.
Owned by Cox Newspapers, it is a sister publication of The Palm Beach Post.
The paper was formerly owned by Stauffer Communications, which was acquired by Morris Communications in 1994.
Begun originally as a weekly newspaper, the paper has survived several merges with other newspapers.
It was founded on 6 October 1994 and provides information about movies, concerts, parties, sports, and new media.
New Millennium — articles by the Madonna House Director General of Priests
It was published three times per week.
Senator from Missouri for a portion of that time.
Much like a major newspaper, its sections are divided into life and arts, sports, local and national news, photo journalism, and the editorial page.
The State News is governed by a Board of Directors, which comprises journalism professionals, faculty and students.
First published on July 6, 2006, the newspaper started as a weekly publication, printing 6,000 copies.
The Sunderland Echo is an evening newspaper serving the Sunderland, South Tyneside and East Durham areas of North East England.
Scripps Company bought the Independent-Mail, which continues to be the leading daily newspaper serving northwest South Carolina and northeast Georgia.
Bxnews.net provides breaking news as well as links to other sites and publications regarding the borough.
It is distributed every second Friday of the month in the three municipalities, Mbombela, Nkomazi and Umjindi in the Ehlanzeni District of Mpumalaga Province.
Some of the notices and advertisements in the newspaper were written in Arabu-Tamil.
Daily news, is a regional daily newspaper, published in Novi Sad, Serbia.
It serves as a temporary supplement to the Pennsylvania Code.
The CEO of Broad Street Media will oversee operations of the company; James Kilgore will continue as the publisher and a board member.
Gaj sold the original publishing company to the government in 1868.
It was the first time an Ayrshire newspaper has won the award.
The Denver Post is a daily newspaper that has been published in Denver, Colorado, United States, since 1892.
The premiere edition of the electronic newspaper format under the name The Palestine Telegraph came out on March 11, 2009.
Arbetar-Tidningen was a communist newspaper from Gothenburg, Sweden, published between 1929 and 1974.
The paper had a circulation of 86,892 copies in 2009 and 89,088 copies in 2010.
Eventually its circulation declined and it ceased publication in January 1997.
The Comet was named the UK's "free newspaper of the year" at the Regional Press Awards in 2007.
The paper is currently owned by Iconic Newspapers, who acquired Johnston Press' titles in the Republic of Ireland in 2014.
Regular features focus on new products, style trends, retail and interior design business operations and strategies, trade industry news and category reports.
Der Postillon is a German website, run by Stefan Sichermann featuring satirical articles reporting on international, national, and local news in newspaper and TV format.
Plugh formed a new corporate parent for the paper, Newspaper Media Corporation, and expressed a desire to buy other New England newspapers.
Republika is a newspaper published in Tirana, Albania.
Progressive Business Media purchased the company in 2013.
It is the leader in Western Maharashtra and third-largest Marathi newspaper daily in Maharashtra.
Arredol is an electronic newspaper written in the Aragonese language.
Minute is a weekly newspaper, initially right-wing but now far-right, circulated in France since 1962.
Previous editors of the Enterprise include Rosann Doran and Stephen Olver.
It was owned and operated by Mian Iftikharuddin, a Punjabi politician formerly of the Indian National Congress but of All-India Muslim League since 1946.
Rural New Yorker was a weekly periodical founded in 1850 that was published by the Rural Publishing Co., New York City.
Covering a community more known for its wheat crop than wine grapes, the early Register would be unrecognizable to modern readers.
The Assam Chronicle is an English language newspaper published from Guwahati, Assam, India.
It is one of the few independent, family-owned newspapers still existing in the United States.
In 1963 a restructuring of the media interests of the Harmsworth family led to the Mirror becoming a part of International Publishing Corporation.
Malaysian Today is an English-language bi-monthly tabloid which focuses on youth lifestyle, entertainment and sports.
It held its first event, a forum on the effects of hype and evolving media pressures on sports reporting, in March 2009.
It covers the city and the surrounding suburbs, and is published by Archant.
As of 2007, it had a circulation of 3,000.
The Illinois Register is the official weekly publication containing proposed and adopted rules of Illinois state agencies.
The Ashland Daily Tidings is a morning newspaper serving the city of Ashland, Oregon, United States.
The Bruin distributes 9,000 copies across campus each school day.
Daily Pakistanروزنامہ پاکستان : Urdu Newspaper|Daily Pakistan The Daily Pakistan(روزنامہ پاکستان) is an Urdu newspaper in Pakistan.
Hungappa is a student newspaper published at Charles Sturt University in Wagga Wagga, Australia.
Akinchi, also transliterated as Ekinchi, was the first Azerbaijani-language newspaper, published in Baku between 1875 and 1877.
As of 1977, it was printed six days a week, with a circulation of 16,000.
It appeared from 10 October 1973 to 8 November 1973.
The paper describes itself as providing a unique socialist analysis of political events.
It was one of the few newspapers in Georgia to be printed fully in English.
It is owned by New Media Investment Group and is located at 455 Sixth St. N.W.
Globes was founded in the early 1980s and published in Tel Aviv, Israel.
The newspaper has its headquarters in Washington, D.C.
Social Justice was controversial for printing antisemitic polemics such as The Protocols of the Elders of Zion.
It was 16 pages long and was released once a week, reaching around 1800 readers.
It also covers the City of Adelaide, Town of Walkerville, City of Prospect and City of Norwood Payneham St Peters councils.
It has a slightly broader approach than its counterpart, whilst remaining firmly within the conservative evangelical wing of the church.
UC Juice, Union County Juice, is the monthly newspaper for the Union County Vocational Technical Schools campus.
SimilarWeb rates the site as the seventh most visited news website in Australia, attracting more than 7 million visitors per month.
It was acquired by New Media Investment Group in 2016.
Dinamina is a Sinhala language daily newspaper in Sri Lanka.
Redfield and Elmer E. Putnam said "particular attention will be given to events of a local nature."
Due to financial difficulties the Social Democratic Party of Germany had lacked an organ of its own in Danzig for a long time.
It was initially published once every two weeks, but became a weekly in 1933.
In 1927 it absorbed the Social Democratic Moss Arbeiderblad, and continued under the name Moss og Omegn Arbeiderblad.
It reports mainly on party matters and Palestinian politics.
The Catholic Telegraph is a monthly newspaper published by the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cincinnati primarily for its 500,000 congregants.
Wrestling has been in existence in India since ancient times.
Until his July 1940 death, Samuel H. Chang was the director of the Post and Ta Mei Wan Pao.
In 1992 title seized by the new owner which a Mitex building enterprise, belonging to the known Kielce businessman of Michał Sołowow.
Brevard Business News is a weekly newspaper in Melbourne, Florida, United States covering business news and trends for the Space Coast.
It is the official publication used by the Government of the Republic of Austria for its formal announcements.
The publication also conducted a biannual salary survey of laboratory professionals in conjunction with Advance for Administrators of the Laboratory.
The newspaper was identified with the opposition against the incumbent government.
It was one of the first papers to carry Dan Savage's "Hey Faggot" column.
The aim, according to Habeeb, is to disseminate, "the voices of the People of Palestine, the Middle East and other indigenous people around the world."
El Mundo is a Venezuelan evening newspaper.
It is published by Community Newspapers, Inc., Athens, Georgia.
No subject is taboo and boundaries are nonexistent.
Cittilevvai also argued in Muslim Nesan that Muslims should adopt Arabic as their day-to-day language.
However, the online only publication has no affiliation with the newspaper.
All content for The DT is produced by a staff of nearly 40 editors, reporters and photographers.
They established CFPL in 1933, CFPL-FM in 1948 and CFPL-TV in 1953.
It served the town of Engaru and surrounding communities.
The timeline tracks the new ventures from the "kitchen table" stage through IPO.
Travelling even further from our humble beginnings, a team of knowledgeable, dedicated and committed workers have launched the newspaper into cyberspace.
Voima is a Finnish monthly green- leftist leading free publication.
The target audience is young adults in the 18 – 45 years age bracket and in the B and C social economic class.
A total of 162 issues was published.
In 2015, higher education reporter Grace Lyden won the NDNA's Rookie of the Year award for her "bulldog tenacity."
During the war, Streicher regularly authorized articles demanding the annihilation and extermination of the Jewish race.
The newspaper is produced fortnightly during term time, with the exception of the summer semester as publication halts during exam season.
The Wakefield Express is the newspaper serving the City of Wakefield district in West Yorkshire, England.
The Limerick Post was established in 1986 and remains the only locally owned newspaper in Limerick.
The paper also operated as a general printer.
The newspaper was founded in 1894 and is owned by Morris Communications of Augusta, Georgia.
The newspaper was awarded ‘Best Christian News and Reviews Site’ in 2007 and 2008 at the Premier Christian Blog and Web Awards held in London, UK.
Público is a Portuguese daily national newspaper published in Lisbon, Portugal.
The Yellow Jacket is a member of the Pennsylvania NewsMedia Association and is affiliated with the Waynesburg University student chapter of the Society of Professional Journalists.
In 1914, it was purchased by German businessmen, but continued to register mediocre success in comparison with its pro-Entente competitors.
Oona Goodin-Smith served as editor from summer 2014 through spring 2015.
The newspaper contains several supplements focusing on property, motoring, business and entertainment in the area, and consistently recycles syndicated 'non-news' articles to fill column.
12, 1884, the publishers announced that the paper had been moved to Edmeston.
The paper has a daily circulation of slightly more than 30,000 and a Sunday circulation of less than 28,000.
The paper covers news of Addison, Bensenville and Wood Dale in northeast DuPage County.
Prominent directors included Chief Tony Momoh, Otunba Mike Adenuga and Chief Alex Akinyele.
In 1852, it was purchased for $500 by Josiah Blackburn, who renamed it The London Free Press and Daily Western Advertiser.
The paper was shut down on October 14, 2014.
Its education and sports coverage mainly revolves around the two high schools serving the district: Mountain Pointe High School and Desert Vista High School.
The Herald Republican is an American daily newspaper published in Angola, Indiana.
It is published every day except Sunday, sometimes even on public holidays.
Josif Bageri was the manager of the publication.
It operates from Longyearbyen in Svalbard, Norway, and is published every Friday.
Heritage was said to have paid $113 million to buy into The Enterprise, The Patriot Ledger, and Memorial Press Group.
The printed version presently has a tabloid format, appears quarterly, and has a print run of 22,000 copies.
Jūrmalas Ziņas is a regional newspaper published in the city of Jūrmala, Latvia.
Later, Issa El-Issa's nephew, Daoud El-Issa took the general manager position.
The newspaper's motto was "Shining the Light on What's Right."
Its owner and editor was William Huskinson Denstone.
The paper's motto is "Born To Make A Difference".
It was intended to both provide students with the latest news, while also providing an opportunity for those who are interested in helping produce it.
The paper consists of four sections: news, opinion, arts, and sports.
The Daily Breeze is a member of the Southern California News Group, a division of Digital First Media.
According to the BBC the paper "is known primarily as a Christian paper" but "is trying to expand its Muslim audience."
The last issue came out on July 17, 1914.
The Portland Mercury is an alternative weekly newspaper published in Portland, Oregon.
Kanaung Journal is a weekly newspaper published in Burma.
The Ajo Copper News is a weekly community newspaper serving western Pima County, Arizona.
Têgeyştinî Rastî or Understanding the truth was a Kurdish language semiweekly newspaper published by the British Army in Iraq.
Paul Moore died in 1942 leaving the paper in the hands of his sons; Frank the editor and Bill the publisher.
The young Sam Clemens was hired to cover for DeQuille, who took time off to visit his family in Iowa.
The Coastal Observer was merged into the Beaufort-Hyde News in 1990.
The paper's website compiles all the content from the print edition as well as web-exclusive content.
The paper covers national as well as regional news.
It is a member of the Association of Alternative Newsweeklies.
The Daily Iowan is an independent, 19,500-circulation daily student newspaper serving Iowa City and the University of Iowa community.
Zürcher Oberländer, commonly shortened to ZOL, is a Swiss German-language daily newspaper, published in Wetzikon.
Its readership is 30,000 and is audited by the CVC.
Vesti is an Israeli Russian-language daily newspaper.
It was linked to the Belfast local newspaper, the Andersonstown News.
It covers issues such as traffic congestion; for example, a recent editorial called for the city to value walkers as much as drivers.
Täglich Alles was a German language daily tabloid newspaper published in Vienna, Austria, between 1992 and 2000.
This was started by VRL group, headed by Vijay Sankeshwar, entrepreneur-cum-politician in October 2000.
The Berliner Kurier is a regional, daily tabloid published by the Berliner Verlag GmbH for the Berlin metropolitan area in Germany.
It is not only seen as a newspaper but also as the UK's first online-only regional newspaper.
The newspaper reported a readership of 230,500.
The Register-Pajaronian is published three days per week, but was for many years a daily paper.
Nový čas is a tabloid and the best-selling daily in Slovakia.
The Herald News is an edition of The Record, a publication serving Bergen County, New Jersey that was formerly based in Hackensack, New Jersey.
Westword has several regular features focusing on local events including arts, entertainment and politics.
It was founded by Berl Schwartz, a veteran journalist.
In 1989, the paper entered into a 100-year joint operating agreement with the rival Free Press, combining business operations while keeping separate editorial staffs.
It is the sister paper of the English language daily, Gulf Daily News.
Its main rival is SOMA Digest, the second English language newspaper published in the Kurdistan region.
The official "purpose" of The Koala is "To crush all your hopes and dreams with comedy."
In 2017 it claimed a circulation of 127255.
In its own words, the newspaper was "Published for Principle and Not for Profit".
At the time of its foundation, La Capital was an afternoon newspaper.
Once the largest independent college weekly in Wisconsin, the newspaper ended its print run in 2012, though it is published online.
The newspaper was founded in Luray, Virginia in 1911, by a merger between The Page News and The Page Valley Courier.
Its Newspaper Designated Market stretches into two cities in two separate counties in Middle Tennessee.
The company has ownership over its subsidiaries, the newspapers Peru 21 and Trome, and the magazine Somos.
In 2015, Halifax was acquired by New Media Investment Group.
Witnesses said a single gunman wearing dark clothing and a ski mask approached Bailey, shot twice and ran away to a waiting get-away van.
The Miners Advocate and Northumberland Recorder was a bi-weekly English language newspaper published in Newcastle, New South Wales.
TradeWinds is owned by NHST Media Group and is headquartered in Oslo.
Children & Youth Funding Report is a news service produced in Silver Spring, MD by CD Publications.
CATALYST Magazine is a free alternative monthly tabloid-paged magazine published in Salt Lake City, Utah.
It currently has a circulation of 79,598 and a readership of 78,000.
It is distributed at local colleges and other locations.
Russell M. Dallen Jr. is the President and Editor-in-chief of LAHT since 2008.
The site enjoys a large following among civilians, veterans, and servicemen alike.
El Día was an influential Uruguayan daily newspaper.
The Evening Telegraph was for most of its existence Ireland's leading evening newspaper.
Bandera has thirteen pages and costs 10 pesos.
Serving McGill University's francophone-student minority, Le Délit is a sister publication to the English-language The McGill Daily.
Under its jurisdiction are the three suffragan dioceses of Digos, Tagum, and Mati the capital cities of the three Davao provinces.
The newspaper was issued, with some interruptions, until January 1822.
The first issue was published on March 6, 1904 and Asselin assumed the presidency of the newspaper until 1908.
This new iteration of the Daily Mirror ceased publication on February 28, 1972.
A typical issue includes sections for world and national news, business, politics, editorials and opinion pieces, local news, sports, entertainment, and travel.
It is the official political organ of the Armenian Democratic Liberal Party in the United States.
The Ram Page is not affiliated with Angelo State's student-produced satirical paper, the Ramdiculous Page.
Financial Review Sunday—a TV program developed in partnership with the Nine Network—launched on 5 May 2013.
The paper was one of a series published in the region by River Media and stable-mates included the Donegal Post and Sligo Post.
Lewisham News Shopper - For the London Boroughs of Lewisham and Greenwich.
It was a literary and political newspaper with democratic tendencies.
The Pennsylvania Bulletin is a weekly publication of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania listing changes to agency rules and regulations.
Its 2013 revenues were around $21 million.
Established in 1963, the newspaper is carrier-delivered and mailed to subscribers.
It adheres to a fortnightly tabloid format, publishing six issues per semester.
It costs $2.50 on Sunday and $1.25 other days of the week.
Its headquarters is in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia.
It began publishing in 1979 and is the largest student-run newspaper in Europe.
Its motto is "A better Fiji, for you and me".
The Colorado Springs Independent is a newsweekly that serves the Pikes Peak region of Southern Colorado.
The group has a news daily and a Telugu news channel.
The first edition of De Pers was published on January 23, 2007 and its last edition was published March 30, 2012.
It had a proportion of advertisements similar to the Metro Times.
It was described by The New York Times as "a New York newspaper so countercultural that it made The Village Voice look like a church circular."
This made the newspaper popular among different communities and ages.
Its sections include News, Comment, Features, Sport, Global, Travel, Lifestyle, Science and Tech and Environment.
The Tacoma Times was a newspaper published in Tacoma, Washington from 1903 to 1949.
It is currently owned by diversified conglomerate Operations Holdings, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of the church.
The Santa Fe New Mexican is a daily newspaper published in Santa Fe, New Mexico.
Gazeta Express is a Kosovo newsportal owned by MediaWorks.
It was the first newspaper in India to cater explicitly for the labouring people.
Its first edition was published for 20 March 1997.
Beginning in January 1993, it was published on a monthly basis as a multiple page document.
High Point Enterprise is a daily newspaper that primarily serves High Point, North Carolina.
Publication is weekly and the circulation in 2011 was 9,307.
The paper had earlier won a Scripps Howard National Journalism Award for the same investigation and also won the National Headliner Award.
Moss Avis was published by Moss Dagblad AS, which was owned 100% by A-pressen.
The Beinecke Library of Yale University owns an almost unbroken run of the Journal, from No.
The Good Neighbour also incorporated The New Australian which appeared from January 1949 to December 1953.
Copley began printing the new suburban paper November 4, 2004, delivering more than 75,000 copies free to homes from Tuesday to Sunday.
The paper is family-owned and its current editor is Carolyn McBride.
It is one of the oldest newspapers still in circulation.
Kaieteur News is a privately owned daily newspaper published in Guyana, South America.
Sin Chew Daily is circulated throughout Malaysia and neighbouring countries, in Southern Thailand, Brunei and Indonesia.
Since its beginning in 1978, publication schedules vary with individual sports season, though it is produced weekly through much of the year.
The Yorkshire Evening Post is a daily evening publication published by Yorkshire Post Newspapers in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.
The Lebanon Express is the weekly newspaper of Lebanon, Oregon, United States.
This is intended to allow for a full projection of the election's most likely outcome, rather than simply a list of races to pay attention to.
It was notably directed by Ludger Duvernay in its earlier years.
Jacob H. Fries is the paper's editor.
The Gazette's editorial cartoonist, George Fisher, became the Times cartoonist until his death.
Metro is an Italian free daily newspaper published in Italy.
It covered the town of Garner, North Carolina.
The Papua New Guinea Post-Courier is a newspaper based in Konedobu, Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea.
Capital is an Ethiopian weekly business newspaper published and distributed by Crown Publishing Plc.
BSM is a non-profit organization dedicated to providing support for aspiring student journalists, photographers, videographers and graphic designers.
It is known for its independent news coverage and it has faced arson attacks from men with complicity from the Sri Lankan authorities.
The newspaper has been published under the Yellow Jacket nameplate since 1924, though student newspapers at Waynesburg University date back to 1894.
In July, a group of Italo-Canadian entrepreneurs acquired the assets of Corriere Canadese and Tandem.
In its last years, the Tribune was managed and printed by The MetroWest Daily News, and owned by Community Newspaper Company, a division of GateHouse Media.
Both publications are part of Lee Enterprises Lee Enterprises, which is located in Davenport.
The newspaper has a readership circulation of just under 2,400 copies weekly.
The paper was founded in the 1980s as the Orange Shopper.
It was also a precursor to the L.A. Weekly, which commenced publication in 1978, and the Austin Chronicle, which commenced publication in 1981.
A typical issue of the Tripod has 24 pages, and is published weekly on Tuesdays, when classes are in session.
Its current head is Tulio Capriles Hernández.
The newspaper is the oldest Arab media outlet in Israel and is considered the most important, it is owned by Maki, the Israeli Communist Party.
It is sold for $1.50 daily and $2.00 on Sunday.
In May 1986, the Times and the Courier-Journal were purchased by Gannett.
The Yukon News was bought in August 2013 by BlackPress.
Briefly in the 1990s, it published a second newspaper, Uptown 2.
The Mining Gazette was founded in Ontonagon, Michigan in July 1858 by George Emerson.
The Post and Record was formed by various newspaper mergers conducted by Amherst Blakely beginning in 1872 when he purchased the Central Record.
The Bridgwater Times was a free weekly newspaper, for Bridgwater, Somerset, England.
The motto of the paper is "Our Place, Our Paper".
'The PA', as it is commonly known has two editions, a Tuesday and Friday.
The newspaper was published from 1875 through May 10, 1956.
The Vakarai is published in Chicago with its headquarters in suburban Downers Grove.
BostonNOW began publication on April 17, 2007.
The paper covers much of east and central County Donegal, including Ballybofey, Stranorlar, Raphoe and Lifford.
Janapith and Padma Bhushan awardee Dr.U.R.Anantha Murthy was a great admirer and a regular contributor to this newspaper.
The Stamford Herald and Post, Whittlesey Standard and Deepings Standard were also affected by the closure.
The Vail Mountaineer is a 12,000-circulation free daily newspaper distributed in the Eagle Valley Tuesday-Saturday.
It takes its name from the newspaper of the Confederación Nacional del Trabajo, Solidaridad Obrera.
Yani dyunya is a Crimean Tatar-language weekly newspaper, published in Simferopol on Fridays, with a circulation of around 3.700 copies.
The newspaper is the recipient of a "Best of Show" award presented February 2008, by the Associated Collegiate Press.
The Beacon is owned and published by local businessman Russell Harrigan, also the publisher of Business BVI.
Past columnists have included Chris Rose, Andrei Codrescu and Ronnie Virgets.
Its editor is Burhanuddin Owaisi, son of Sultan Salahuddin Owaisi who was the president of All India Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen.
The Yakima Herald-Republic is a newspaper published in Yakima, Washington and distributed throughout Yakima, Kittitas and Klickitat counties as well as northwest Benton County.
It currently serves as the newspaper of record for the City of Kerrville as well as Kerr County.
The first issue of Arek was in April 2010, one year after the suspension of publication of Arev Monthly in April 2009.
In 2014, News Corp sold its Community Newspaper Group to former company executive Les Goodstein and his wife Jennifer.
The Coffeyville Journal is a two-day newspaper covering the city of Coffeyville .
The newspaper was divided into a variety of different sections such as: national football, international football, sports and special.
It has also been described as speaking for the former ruling class of the kingdom.
It is published in Hyderabad, Telangana by Deccan Chronicle Holdings Limited.
In 2012, Freedom Communications papers in Texas were sold to AIM Media Texas.
It was established in 1894 and it was the largest newspaper in the country following the The Herald.
The Herald-Press is a weekly newspaper published in Harvey, North Dakota in the United States.
From the 1940s until 2009, the newspaper was printed in a tabloid format.
The Cornwells sold out in 1984 to a young Eastern publisher, Peter Bernhard, a principal in Diversified Suburban Newspapers.
On 17 July 2006, not content to rest on its laurels, the newspaper underwent a layout revamp to remain fresh and relevant for its readers.
Cuvântul is a newspaper from Rezina, the Republic of Moldova, founded in 1995 by Tudor Iaşcenco.
Students are also responsible for maintaining the up-to-the-minute Web version of the paper.
The entire print editions can be read online.
The newspaper is dominant in its region, with a market penetration approaching 60 percent of the population of Aichi Prefecture.
News coverage was of an investigative, in-depth style.
It would continue to be known as such until the 1970s, when "Commonwealth" was dropped from the nameplate.
The Harvard Advocate, the art and literary magazine of Harvard College, is the oldest continuously published college art and literary magazine in the United States.
The Cambridge Student, commonly known as TCS, is one of Cambridge University's student newspapers.
You can sign up for The Dirt at thebluedirt.com.
It is one of the largest-circulating newspapers in Kentucky.
For 100 years, the newspaper operated at 15 William Street South, a historic building where the Freemasons once leased the third floor.
Divya Bhaskar is the largest circulated daily of Gujarat as per ABC- Audit Bureau of Circulations and has the most editions by any newspaper in Gujarat.
The Advocate was a newspaper in Pittsburgh, published under several title variants from 1832 to 1844.
It was published weekly, covering weekend sports fixtures other than horse racing, which was already covered by the Sporting Chronicle founded by Hulton in 1871.
The Director of Student Media reports to the Dean of the Meek School of Journalism and New Media.
The Sun is a daily newspaper based in Lowell, Massachusetts, United States, serving towns in Massachusetts and New Hampshire in the Greater Lowell area and beyond.
It is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc, and is the only daily newspaper operating in Cooke County.
Other subject areas include Career and Engineering trends, Codes and Standards, and Convention coverage.
It is distributed free of charge to households, retail stores, major shopping centres, libraries, and community centres.
Businessman Barry Colman was the NBR's publisher for 24 years, after buying it off John Fairfax & Sons in the 1980s.
Content focuses on the web-processing and finishing technologies of coating, laminating, vacuum coating and metallizing, slitting, rewinding, diecutting, flexographic and gravure printing.
The Polish News Bulletin is an English-language publishing house headquartered in Warsaw, Poland.
In 2007, Spain's Grupo Planeta acquired 55% of the Casa Editorial El Tiempo media group, including the newspaper and its associated TV channel Citytv Bogotá.
The publication has had various owners throughout that time and began as a place mat featuring community news in restaurants.
Island Gazette is a weekly newspaper based in Carolina Beach, North Carolina.
Peter Leviton serves as the Associate Publisher.
In the past the paper has been issued weekly and then daily.
The newspaper is a forum for student expression and is written, edited, and managed by university students.
Published every day except Sunday, it covers the towns and communities of the Fylde coast.
Among the main contributors of this newspaper are the journalists Raymundo Riva Palacio, Jorge Zepeda Patterson, Alberto Aguilar, Ricardo Alemán and Katia D'Artigues.
It is distributed for free at the University Park campus.
In 1928, just before the death of Gopabandhu, the paper was handed over to Lok Sevak Mandal, a non-profit organization started by freedom-fighter Lala Lajapatrai.
The Aberdeen News was founded as a weekly in 1885 by C.W.
Evangelicals Now is a monthly evangelical Christian newspaper based in Surrey, England.
Students across different majors help to put the paper together every week.
Financial Chronicle is an Indian English-language daily newspaper published since 2008.
Shqypeja e Shqypenis was an Albanian language twice-monthly newspaper published from Sofia, Bulgaria 1909-1911.
2nd edition: Manchester, East Hartford, Bolton, Andover, Coventry and Hebron.
L. M. Sitorus was the editor of the newspaper.
– these are the two of the five most important questions when gathering news in journalism.
The department was spun out as the Shokyosha in 1882.
It was sold through the Christian Brothers' schools, as well as being available in newsagents throughout the country.
It was formerly “Campaigning Newspaper of the Year”.
The Bangkok Recorder was the first Thai-language newspaper, first published monthly, and later bi-weekly, in Bangkok, Siam between 1844–1845, and 1865-1867.
It was founded in 1986 through the merger of two émigré newspapers: the UK-based Londonas Avīze and Latvija, based in West Germany.
It was published daily, except on Saturdays.
Founded by journalist Irineu Marinho, owner of A Noite, it was originally intended as a morning daily to extend the newspaper interests of the company.
It is also co-owned with television flagship WSB-TV and six radio stations, which are located separately in midtown Atlanta.
This broader audience gave Nuevo Laredo Companies the result they expected .
Acció was a weekly newspaper published from Tarragona, Spain 1936-1937.
The Sudbury Star is a Canadian daily regional newspaper, published in Sudbury, Ontario.
One distinctive feature of the newspaper is the conspicuous and irregular layout.
It is printed twice weekly on Tuesday and Friday, which is the larger edition.
The Buteman is a weekly tabloid newspaper serving the Isle of Bute in the Firth of Clyde, Scotland.
It replaced Republican Bulletin the first issue of which appeared in November, 1986 to explain the reasons for the split in Sinn Féin.
A subscription is required to read some articles.
It is the largest Lithuanian-American newspaper and is read not only in the United States, but in Canada and Europe as well.
Students who choose to write for the paper are trained in Associated Press-style writing, editing and newspaper layout.
Its main competitor is Metro New York, which followed amNewYork into the market, using similar distribution and marketing strategies.
It was originally called the Northern Illinois, until 1954 when it was renamed the Northern Star.
The Berlin Sun is a two-day free newspaper published in the city of Berlin, New Hampshire, U.S., covering "Berlin, Gorham and the North Country".
Its main editorial focus was on life in Paris for both residents and visitors.
The paper includes five regular sections: News, Opinions, Arts & Entertainment, Sports, and Classifieds.
It covers the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames in south-west London and surrounding areas.
L'Esportiu, previously known as El 9 Esportiu, is a Catalan daily sports newspaper, based in Barcelona, Catalonia.
In 2016 the Hearst Corporation acquired Houston Community Newspapers; it is the parent company of the Houston Chronicle.
Most of the remaining £2,250,000 came from advertising and editorial material paid for by Transport for London and the Metropolitan Police Authority.
El Correo is a leading daily newspaper in Bilbao and the Basque Country of northern Spain.
It appears in print and online and includes News, Opinions, Lifestyle, and Sports sections.
The writer Hugo Sonnenschein had been a contributor to the paper.
The Brazosport Facts is the largest daily newspaper for Brazoria County, Texas, a part of the Greater Houston area.
When classes are in session, it publishes every Tuesday throughout the school year.
As of January 2014, Newsday's total average circulation was 437,000 on weekdays, 434,000 on Saturdays and 495,000 on Sundays.
The Argus-Press is a daily newspaper published in Owosso, Michigan.
It was the largest circulation newspaper in Philadelphia for 76 years and was once the largest evening newspaper in the United States.
It does not accept advertising and is strictly a subscription-based news and research publication.
It is available as a free, paperless Elmbridge Guardian e-newspaper, downloadable from Elmbridge Guardian e-newspaper and delivered straight to email inboxes each Thursday morning.
The paper was previously located across campus at 121 North Eagleville Road, but moved to the current location in 1991/1992.
Circulation has waned with the declining population of the area.
The Keynoter is a partner of the Upper Keys Reporter, which specializes in coverage of the Upper Florida Keys, including Key Largo.
City Messenger is a weekly suburban newspaper in Adelaide, part of the Messenger Newspapers group.
In 1890, during the Boulangiste crisis, its circulation first reached one million copies.
It is also listed in the "Working Press of the Nation".
This necessitated the move of The Reporter from publishing in-house to out of Gannett's Appleton facilities for the Post-Crescent, with the Oshkosh Northwestern also following suit.
Finally being defeated at the Battle of Panipat in 1526.
These agreements would guarantee greater political freedoms, and better possibilities to conduct independent journalism.
It is Bangladesh’s most read and one of the widest-selling Bengali newspapers.
One of those listed, David Kato, was subsequently murdered.
News coverage about farming is also an important part of the paper with a high readership in rural Northumberland.
Racecards for all Irish and British weekend racing.
It was established in 1969 by the Ma family, and was one of the two newspapers published by the Oriental Press Group Limited.
The Chronicle has a print readership of roughly 30,000, and its website, The Chronicle Online, has an average of more than 70,000 hits each day.
Kawartha Lakes This Week is a twice-weekly, community newspaper in Lindsay, Ontario, Canada, that was established in 1977 under the title Lindsay This Week.
Kaylee Kean served as editor summer 2015.
For years, The Daily Southerner had printed the weekly sales circulars for the Piggly Wiggly grocery store chain.
Currently, 4,000 copies of each issue are distributed throughout campus.
As of December 29, 2015 the paper is no longer issued and has merged with Georgia Today.
Mark Witherspoon, or "Spoon," has served as the student newspaper's editorial adviser since 1999.
Not to be confused with the Communist paper published in Antwerp
It is owned by Ohio Community Media, a subsidiary of Versa Capital Management.
The publication also covers local arts, entertainment, and features.
The Krakow Post is an English-language newspaper based in Krakow, Poland.
The paper features weekly translations from selected articles of local interest from U.S. newspapers.
Domain names were registered in 2002 with sites being rolled out from 2003.
"The day before the first cattle-call of the 1992 campaign, you all called me 'a Little Rock in a big pile.'
It also covers news from both countries.
The News-Democrat & Leader is a twice-weekly newspaper in Russellville, Kentucky.
It is owned and published by Andrew Paul.
BostonNOW offered information in print, online and mobile.
The Clarion-Ledger is an American daily newspaper in Jackson, Mississippi.
La Jornada has presence in seven states of the Mexican Republic with local editions in Guerrero, Jalisco, Michoacán, Morelos, San Luis Potosí, Puebla and Veracruz.
In February 1961 the name Lenina Bayrah was adopted.
The plan was aborted when financial backing wavered due to the collapse of tin prices.
For a number of years, the paper was part of the Thomson Newspapers, who acquired Brush-Moore Newspapers in 1967.
Rilindja e Arbënis is a newspaper published in Albania.
He rode the train 21 miles east to Baird and used a borrowed printing press to produce an extra edition on the fire.
Correio do Povo is a Brazilian daily newspaper printed in the city of Porto Alegre, located in the state of Rio Grande do Sul.
Al Riyadh is a Riyadh-based, pro-government Saudi daily newspaper.
The Highline Times is an American weekly newspaper serving the community of Burien, Washington, a city south of Seattle, Washington.
Ploshtad was a weekly newspaper in Kumanovo, Macedonia that started to work since November 2013.
Although it was not a free newspaper, 70% of copies were distributed free near very busy locations such as universities, railway stations, airports, and shopping centres.
The Tweed Shire Echo, similar in format and outlook to its sister paper, did not attract enough income and was closed early in 2012.
Since 2002, the publication has been honoring Indian-American achievers at the annual India Abroad Person of the Year award ceremony.
On April 15, 2001, the newspaper celebrated its 10th anniversary, on April 15, 2016, it celebrated its 25th anniversary.
24 heures is a Swiss regional Swiss-French-language daily newspaper, published by Edipresse in Lausanne, Vaud.
As of 2007, The Archway has launched a new, full service website located at http://www.bryantarchway.com.
It has incorporated a number of other newspapers including The Southern Mail, The Robertson Mail, The Moss Vale Mail, The Mittagong Mail and The Mittagong Star.
Akhbar ul-Usbu'a was a weekly newspaper published in Sudan between 1966 and 1970.
The DI has been in business since 1926.
The Chronicle has bureaus in Washington, D.C. and Austin.
It also owns the Colorado Springs Business Journal.
The New Orleans Tribune is a newspaper serving the African-American community of New Orleans, Louisiana, United States.
His second in command is Managing Editor Peter Kendron.
The magazine includes content from the associate of Logistics management magazine - Supply Chain Management Review and Modern Materials Handling.
The newspaper promoted European settlement in Congo.
The Morning Sentinel is an American daily newspaper published every morning in Waterville, Maine.
It merged with the Irvine Daily News and is distributed exclusively in Irvine, California.
A slingshot or catapult, ging, shanghai,Gulel, kettie, bean shooter, or flip or tirador, is normally a small hand-powered projectile weapon.
El Conquistador was a weekly bilingual newspaper serving McHenry County, Lake County and DeKalb County, Illinois, United States.
The paper mainly focuses on and thus enjoys most of its circulation in the predominantly African-American neighborhoods of South Los Angeles, Inglewood and Compton.
This gave them considerable more space, allowing them to split the paper into two sections.
Its monthly newspaper, bimonthly magazine, and annual literary folio Scribe are published by the students of the University of St. La Salle in Bacolod City.
Guardian Australia is the Australian online presence of the global online publication and British newspaper, The Guardian.
Most of its content therefore relates to local politics and is often critical of the whipped parties.
It was founded on November 2, 1912 as the Alaska Daily Empire.
It includes local news, politics, and sport.
Its ranks 234 out of 1,410 newspapers in the United States.
It is owned by Civitas Media, a subsidiary of Versa Capital Management.
Monaco-Matin is a daily newspaper in Monaco.
The Nation was printed first at 12 Trinity Street, Dublin from 15 October 1842 until 6 January 1844.
The first issue appeared on December 21, 1882.
In its first incarnation, it was only a few pages long, distributed only within Santiago, and costing 100 pesos.
The City Sun was founded by African-American journalists Andrew W. Cooper and Utrice C. Leid.
It was launched as a weekly in November 2008, and became a daily in November 2009.
Awaz-e Nasle Nau is a daily newspaper founded by Tanzeem Nasle Nau Hazara Mughal based in Quetta, Pakistan.
The Massachusetts Daily Collegian is an American daily newspaper founded in 1890, and the independently-funded, student-operated newspaper of the University of Massachusetts Amherst.
The Williston Herald is a 6-day-per-week newspaper printed in Williston, North Dakota.
Bwog is an independent, student-run news website geared toward members of the Columbia University community.
Its involvement in politics sparked numerous scandals, the longest of which came during the neutrality period.
The city was captured by the forces of Persian Safavid Emperor Nader Shah during his invasion of the Mughal Empire.
It covers the municipalities of Fauske, Saltdal, Beiarn and Sørfold in inner Salten.
The Harare Tribune is an online daily newspaper published in Zimbabwe.
In recent years De Standaard has renounced its original ideological ties.
A Chinese translation of Looking Backward was serialized in this magazine in 1891-1892.
El Mercurio is a conservative Chilean newspaper with editions in Valparaíso and Santiago.
The Pine City Pioneer is the largest of four newspapers in Pine County and is published once per week.
In May 2010, the newspaper launched the first Australian newspaper iPad app.
It was launched on 31 January 2010 from New Delhi and is printed in New Delhi, Mumbai and Chandigarh.
Le Canard enchaîné is a satirical weekly newspaper in France.
LFD Communications owns several independent media companies across the world.
Venue also had a reputation for investigative reporting of local issues, including health, policing, local politics and environmental matters.
The Freie Presse is a regional daily newspaper in the Chemnitz region, Germany.
All publications are now under the umbrella name of Witherspoon Media Group.
It was relaunched as a co-operative in January 2015, and now publishes online.
as a means to encourage metals production during World War II.
The newspaper is published once a week on Wednesday, and is distributed in Kingman, Bullhead City, Lake Havasu City and Laughlin, Nevada.
It is published every Thursday except during the week of Christmas.
The news organization maintains its quality to be one of the trusted news sources in the Philippines.
Established in the 1980s it developed from a broadsheet format to a European tabloid size.
In 2013, the paper was locally purchased from Real Times Media by Best Media Inc.
Later Decoster's son, Albert Decoster, took over the post as the editor of l'Écho du Katanga.
The name was changed to Futures in September 1983 and Modern Trader in 2015.
Connacht Tribune Group newspapers are circulated in every district of the City and every town and village in the County.
The Wilkes Journal was founded in 1917.
The Gazette played a notable role in the development of political parties and early partisanship.
The Diamondback is the award-winning independent student newspaper of the University of Maryland, College Park.
In 2002, it had a circulation of 1,360,000.
The Delaware Gazette is an American daily newspaper published in Delaware, Ohio.
Its widely known slogan was: "In Philadelphia, nearly everybody reads The Bulletin."
It was the central organ of the Social Democratic Party of Germany.
Peoples Daily is a newspaper in Nigeria.
Established in 1984, it is now published daily by Dikgang Publishing House in the capital, Gaborone.
Augusto Arroyo Z. was the director of Bandera Roja.
All of these titles are owned by Johnston Press, of Edinburgh.
It focuses on investigative stories that concern what it terms as the "underreported" sectors of Philippine society: peasants, workers, overseas Filipinos, youth, indigenous peoples, and women.
The newspaper was founded in 1872 and ceased operation in 1984, after 112 years of operation.
The paper usually takes what is perceived to be a libertarian editorial stance.
Only college students are allowed to work in the editorial department or be advertising representatives or interns.
The Delta Discovery is a weekly newspaper serving Bethel, Alaska, and the villages of the Yukon–Kuskokwim Delta and Bristol Bay regions of southwestern Alaska.
Until May 1, 2013, Monday Magazine earned its reputation as a critical voice in Victoria's political, social and cultural communities.
The two original newspapers had just previously been re-launched in tabloid format.
The Brigadier is the student newspaper at The Citadel, The Military College of South Carolina in Charleston, South Carolina.
It was at one time the biggest-selling English-language newspaper in the world, and at closure still had one of the highest English-language circulations.
Syndicated columns include Savage Love and Free Will Astrology by Rob Brezsny.
The Vagenda is a feminist online magazine launched in January 2012.
Subscriptions to the print edition are available for $20 for the year.
It is delivered free to 35,232 homes in the borough, with another 634 copies picked up free, and 2,663 copies sold for 55p.
Makor Rishon is an Israeli newspaper affiliated with the conservative right-wing Israeli positions.
The newspaper has daily editions and Sunday/Thanksgiving Day editions.
M. Levitan served as editor in chief of the newspaper.
The Ludington Daily News is the daily newspaper of Ludington, Michigan.
In June 2015, Nash Holdings said it would close the newspapers.
It had a circulation of about 3,000 in 1932, which rose gradually until its heyday came in 1983 with a circulation of 27,750.
The Temple News is the editorially independent weekly newspaper of Temple University.
It is an independent newspaper in the English language that serves the city and its direct environs.
It is owned and published by GateHouse Media Inc..
It was founded in 1954 and was published from Colombo.
The Jersey Journal is a newspaper published from Monday through Saturday, covering news and events throughout Hudson County, New Jersey.
Le Phare de Majunga was a French language weekly newspaper published from Majunga, Madagascar.
Also, the company announced that The Trentonian would no longer be printed in Trenton beginning in January 2009.
The entire production of Die Matie – from photos, articles and advertisements to page layout and distribution – is managed by the editorial staff; all students.
It is the only newspaper that reaches both sides of Spring Hill with full saturation.
TWICE produces the Official Show Daily of the International Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas every January.
The newspaper's editor, as of 2004, is Ofani Eremae.
The word "sedmica" means "seven" in Serbian, but it can also mean a "week".
The school, officially opened in 1941, was considered a gift from the Armenians living in France.
Ltd., a joint venture between Reed Business Information and Infomedia India Limited.
After operating as a weekly magazine for some time, the publication became Nguoi Viet Daily News in 1985.
Secolo d'Italia is a daily conservative newspaper in Italy.
Since 1967 it was published six times per week.
An animated film was released in December 2014 with a second film following in December 2015.
Town and Country Magazine was an 18th-century London-based publication that featured tales of scandals and affairs between members of London's upper classes.
It was renamed to Arbeideren in 1923, and in the same year it was taken over by the Norwegian Communist Party.
The Post is published Monday-Saturday and distributed in more than a dozen communities on the San Francisco Peninsula.
The Kernel is distributed free on and around the University of Kentucky campus.
It is the only daily newspaper serving Macomb County, making the county the largest in Michigan in terms of population with only one daily newspaper.
The East Carolinian dates back to 1925.
Its Sunday Edition, BH Ahad, was launched on 10 July 1960.
The Jeffersonian was a weekly newspaper published on Thursdays, in Jeffersontown, Jefferson County, Kentucky.
Jawa Pos was launched by Suseno Tedjo or The Chung Shen on July 1, 1949.
The 16 local editions of the paper are filled primarily with photos, feature articles, human interest, sports, politics, and education and business news.
La Estrella is distributed door to door across the 36 towns of the western and northern areas of Puerto Rico.
Norran is a Swedish language newspaper published in Skellefteå, Sweden.
In 1919 it merged with another Bashkir-language paper called «Башҡортостан» and changed its name to «Башҡортостан хәбәрҙәре».
The state Communist party decided to rename then daily Prajasakti to Visalaandhra with the slogan of having a single state for the Telugu speaking people.
It played important roles in the United States Republican Party's founding, Charles Dow's career, and the invention of the honorific "Ms."
The Windsor Star is the regional daily newspaper of Windsor, Ontario, Canada.
It was first published in Dharmanagar, Tripura.
The current Editor of the newspaper is Sukumar Ranganathan.
It is among the best-selling newspapers in the country.
Available in both Hong Kong and Macau, the newspaper mainly focuses on economic news and other related, usually political issues.
Once in control of 713, they stopped its publication and converted advertisers to the Houston Press.
The Lincoln County Leader was a weekly American newspaper published in Toledo, Oregon from 1893 to 1987.
This paper was sympathetic the Nonpartisan League, organized by farmers seeking political relief.
In September 2005, Rafael Roncal, who had been with the paper since 1988, became Editor-in-Chief of the newspaper.
As of December, 1998 the Independent was distributed four times per week.
In 1908, it was sold to Werner Andrew Rupp, a political reporter and editorial writer, and John F. Gilbert, a gifted cartoonist.
After Nash Holdings, the Jeff Bezos-controlled company, acquired the Post in 2013, el Tiempo Latino was sold to Javier Marin, a Venezuelan-American businessman, in 2016.
Currently Malaysia Nanban is the number one Tamil newspaper in Malaysia for almost 33 years at the leadership of Dato' Sikandar Batcha Bin Abdul Majeed.
It was established on March 1, 2009 by Ciner Media Group, drawing on the brand of Ciner's Habertürk TV.
Many of these writing systems descended from ancient alphabets used in India over 2000 years ago.
As of 2010, Sanjevani is published in 10 different centers in the state, becoming the first Kannada daily to do so.
EU Jacksonville is a monthly entertainment magazine published in Jacksonville, Florida.
The paper, often called The Lowell Sun to distinguish it from other famous newspapers, has been owned since 1997 by MediaNews Group of Colorado.
The newspaper closed on 31 July 2014.
Mmegi is an English-language national newspaper in Botswana.
After August 1990, its successor was Ţara.
It was founded as the Bay Area News Project in January 2010 with money provided by Warren Hellman's Hellman Family Foundation.
By 1883, it had a daily readership of 30,000.
The paper has been printed at its current location in Crawfurd Street in Greenock since the 1960s.
In 1950, Boddy ran in both the Democratic and Republican primaries for the United States Senate.
Defenders of the paper say that it was not intended to be taken seriously.
The paper, founded in 1826, was purchased by the American Publishing Company in 1991.
It was "a sensational weekly paper with a large circulation, delighting while shocking its readers with its frequent exposure of personal scandal and social injustice.
The Swiss dimanche.ch was a French-language weekly newspaper, published on Sundays.
It was first published as a weekly magazine on 9 August 1945.
It was founded and is currently managed by Subal Kumar Dey.
Nagarik is a Nepali language daily newspaper, published from Kathmandu, Biratnagar, and Nepalgunj of Nepal simultaneously.
The English edition is published and sold together with the International New York Times.
The Daily is distributed throughout campus and the surrounding community of Palo Alto, California, United States.
This issue contains predominantly political content, but also includes entertainment and other features.
La Loi was a daily newspaper published from Paris, France, founded in 1880 by A. Chevalier-Maresq.
Independent Newspapers resumed publication on 30 March 1977 but the three-year closure had taken its toll.
The Prince Rupert Daily News was a daily newspaper in Prince Rupert, British Columbia, closed in 2010.
The newspaper also maintains an online presence.
The Wheel offices are currently located in the Dobbs University Center.
Emancipation and Liberation is a journal produced by the Republican Communist Network, a former platform of the Scottish Socialist Party.
It continues to be published weekly despite the fact that the PSP was disbanded in 1993.
Established in 1986, Home Accents Today national issue publishes monthly in print and digital formats.
It is the oldest newspaper in Sardinia still publishing.
Previous editors of The Mail include Steve Brauner, Sara Hadwin, Donald Martin, Keith Sutton, and Tom Welsh.
It uses a sketch of Donegal Castle as its logo.
It has a circulation of 850,000 copies daily.
Established in 1950, Building Design+Construction is published 12 times per year.
Jornal Horizonte is a weekly Cape Verdean newspaper that covers the top stories in the archipelago and local stories from each island.
These profiles have featured numerous CEO's, members of the United States House of Representatives and other knowledgeable space experts.
Etemaad Daily is located in the Darrussalam area of Hyderabad.
The newspaper's newsroom staff have been locked out of work since January 2016.
Tides of Flame was an insurrectionist-anarchist newspaper published in Seattle, WA.
The name "Press" was added under the Patrick family's ownership in 1966.
Founded in August 2005 by Paul F. Blake the paper is based in Columbia, South Carolina.
Today, the Black Chronicle has the largest paid circulation among Oklahoma's weekly newspapers.
The newspaper's Sydney counterpart is La Fiamma.
It provides industry news, information on relevant equipment and safety recommendations and has been cited in studies of American infrastructure.
The Daily Messenger is an American daily newspaper published weekday afternoons and on Sundays in Canandaigua, New York.
It publishes every Tuesday with a circulation of 1,338 and began publication in 1975.
Tianjin Today Evening News is a Chinese language newspaper published from Tianjin, China.
Kuensel is the national newspaper of the Kingdom of Bhutan.
The Sunday Life is a tabloid newspaper in Northern Ireland and has been published since October 23, 1988.
In February of 2017, under direction of a new editorial team, the Free Press shifted its focus towards hard-hitting, investigative reporting.
Bernhard was for several years an absentee owner; busy running other papers in Alameda and Oakland, California.
Previous copies of the newspaper are archived on microfilm at the State Library of NSW.
In print since 1877, it is now part of the Johnston Press group.
It has been published daily since September 14, 1892.
When he defended her in a press conference, there was a measured negative effect on voter perceptions of Muskie within New Hampshire.
The Blackwell Journal-Tribune is a twice-weekly newspaper in Blackwell, Oklahoma.
Canadan Sanomat published between 2001-2012 in Thunder Bay, Ontario, Canada
Assabeel is an Arabic weekly newspaper in Amman, Jordan.
Reporters for the Queens Tribune and "PRESS of Southeast Queens" include Jon Cronin, Trone Dowd, James Farrell and Ariel Hernandez.
The Jewish News of Northern California, formerly known as Jweekly, is a weekly print newspaper in Northern California, with its online edition updated daily.
It typically contains a mixture of national, international and local news, sports, business and lifestyle content.
The Liverpool Echo is a newspaper published by Trinity Mirror based in Old Hall Street, Liverpool, Merseyside, England.
Often, the early paper was an instrument for political influences.
The magazine publishes critical analysis of Quebec's linguistic, social, cultural and economic realities.
The first publication of what would become The Brunswick Beacon was called Shallotte Press and was dated November 1, 1962.
The papers merged in 1931 under Scripps ownership.
This Is Africa is an English-language bi-monthly business publication owned by The Financial Times Ltd and edited in London.
The Commercial Appeal is a daily newspaper of Memphis, Tennessee, and its surrounding metropolitan area.
The newspaper's auditorium, Phòng hội Viễn Đông, is one of the oldest places hosting Vietnamese-American community and cultural events.
In January 2007, the paper's circulation was interrupted for three days because of a conflict over organized labor.
It contains news of interest to Sligo town and county along with the surrounding counties of Leitrim, Roscommon, South Donegal and North Mayo.
Excalibur is a community newspaper of York University, Toronto.
The paper is published five days a week during the fall and winter semesters, and weekly during the summer.
In 1922, the DRF publishing company was sold to Moses Annenberg's Triangle Publications, which would eventually be owned by Walter Annenberg.
This usually included muckraking, legislation to control and limit gentrification, and endorsement of political candidates and other laws and policies that fall within its political views.
Weekday printings include the main section, containing news on national affairs, international affairs, business, political analysis, sports, editorials and opinions.
The newspaper was founded May 5, 2005 by current editor and publisher Ken Ketchie.
The incident was the centerpiece for the 1954 film, Un Soir de Joie.
The newspaper has a daily circulation of 10,400 and a Sunday circulation of 13,500 newspapers.
The Bryan Times is a daily newspaper based in Bryan, Ohio.
Contributors to the paper included many figures in the Irish communist movements including Sam Nolan, Betty Sinclair, and James Stewart who edited the paper
It was notable for its racist and pro-Confederate views.
Dagens Nyheter, abbreviated DN, is a daily newspaper in Sweden.
Notícias do Dia is a Brazilian newspaper, published in tabloid format, which circulates in the state of Santa Catarina.
Xt3.com is a Catholic social online network and news site, established for the 2008 World Youth Day in Sydney, Australia.
It is also the second oldest newspaper in Kerala in circulation, after Deepika, which is also published from Kottayam.
In time, it became the flagship paper of the group.
The newspaper focuses primarily on football, in particular the day-to-day activities of Real Madrid, Atlético Madrid and Rayo Vallecano.
The newspaper was originally established by Vijay Sankeshwar in March 2005 as a sister publication to the Vijaya Karnataka daily.
It has a circulation of 33,123 and a readership of 44,000.
It is a comprehensive public high school for grades 9 to 12.
It is the official newspaper of the Communist Party of Albania.
In spite of being an illegal underground publication, its issues had an average circulation of around 5,400.
Al Raya is an Arabic daily newspaper published in Doha, Qatar.
Hawlati claims to be the first independent newspaper in the region since the fall of Saddam Hussein.
In 1999, comedian Bob Odenkirk praised the publication stating, "It's the best comedy writing in the country, and it has been since it started."
Arek Monthly is a monthly magazine published in Cairo, Egypt by Armenian General Benevolent Union in Arabic covering Armenian subjects and concentrating on Arab-Armenian relations.
The Kansas State Collegian is the official daily student-run newspaper of Kansas State University.
Its website is www.dailytargum.com, and can be found on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.
It has a weekly circulation of 20,000 and is distributed along the coast from Kennebunkport to Newburyport.
The Observer has been serving Sarnia-Lambton since 1853 and publishes six times per week, Monday through Saturday.
In a 1998 interview, the late emeritus Professor Godfrey Tanner explained that
Common topics include plant engineering, plant management and facility maintenance.
Circulation was about 35,000 copies per issue.
Initially, a close working relationship was maintained between the Tribune and the Sunday Tribune which was at the time edited by Browne.
Separate publication of the morning Constitution and afternoon Journal ended in 2001.
It was founded in Caracas on 16 September 1941 after the pro-freedom measures implemented by President Medina Angarita.
The concessionaire of this newspaper was Habibollah Noubakht and it was published in Shiraz since 1920.
The newspaper closed after Ilıcak's death, and the name was acquired by the Çukurova Media Group in 1997.
The Redlands Daily Facts is a paid daily newspaper based in Redlands, California, serving the Redlands area.
As of 2016, it is the second largest Czech newspaper, after tabloid Blesk.
The Mail is printed and published by Furness Newspapers Ltd., a subsidiary of Carlisle-based media company CN Group Ltd.
Politically, the newspaper represented a sector of the Greek Catholic clergy.
It appeared November 9, 1793, and weekly thereafter until June 1796, when it was sold to Edmund Freeman and was merged with Freeman's Journal.
Al-Insaniyyah was a weekly Arabic-language newspaper circulated in Lebanon and Syria.
By 1926, the political tide in Lithuania had turned and Arbeter Zeitung was relaunched with Israel Nitzevitz as its editor.
The newspaper's motto is "First-Class financial paper/"
Chicago Dispatcher is a monthly newspaper in Chicago, Illinois, that focuses on news and features that affect taxi drivers and the taxi industry as a whole.
Rītdiena was a free newspaper published in Latvia.
It was one of the city's newest papers, having been founded in 1976.
The Baptist Messenger is mailed to nearly 45,000 households and is the third largest newspaper in Oklahoma in terms of paid subscriptions.
The Colorado Springs Sun was a broadsheet-format newspaper published in Colorado Springs, Colorado, United States.
It specializes in economics and market study and related subjects.
Stosunki Międzynarodowe is a monthly journal in Poland dedicated to international relations, foreign policy and diplomacy.
The Times of India is an Indian English-language daily newspaper owned by The Times Group.
It has a circulation of over fourteen thousand in 2010.
The Tweed Daily News is circulated to the Tweed Shire community stretching from Palm Beach, Queensland, south to Pottsville, New South Wales.
The main competitors of The Daily Guardian include The News Today and the Sun.Star Iloilo.
The paper inaugurated new printing installations in the pampas town of General Hornos, in 1964, and remained among the leading Argentine newspapers.
The chain serves St. Louis and St. Louis and St. Charles counties in Missouri and Madison County in Illinois.
It was sold for ½d and was four pages long.
Sims founded the paper in Greenwood, Mississippi but moved it to Wichita, Kansas in 1919 as a result of racial hostility.
The Rio Grande Sun is a weekly newspaper located in Española, New Mexico.
The Communicator brand is often redesigned as new design students filter into the newsroom.
The newspaper is used for public notices including those published for the South Dakota Public Utilities Commission.
This was a joint decision made by The Miami Herald and El Universal.
It is one of the 5 weekly journals published by Eleven Media Group which was founded in June 2000.
It is published by Embarcadero Publishing Company, and the editor is Jeb Bing.
In June 2009, the paper suspended publication for financial reasons, and last published on June 1, 2009.
It was widely read in Arab and European capitals despite being banned from French North Africa in the 1930s.
Gazeta Krakowska was established on February 15, 1949.
San Diego Gay & Lesbian News is a lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender online news source for the San Diego, California area.
The newspaper normally publishes in Spanish, but occasionally some articles are available in English and French, as is the case with this interview.
After the death of John Dungee, it was sold to a longtime employee, Russell Perry.
It is published on Wednesdays and as at September 2007 the cover price for the paper edition is 50p.
Modeled after the Oxford Gazette, the Sri Lanka Gazette is the oldest surviving newspaper in Sri Lanka, having been published continuously since 1802.
Its main office is located in Rockville, Maryland, a Maryland suburb of the District of Columbia.
The paper opposes the whipped system of party politics in local Government and support Independent Councillors.
Kathimerini is also affiliated with the weekly newspaper Athens Plus published by I Kathimerini S.A. and the International Herald Tribune.
It is one of world's most circulated newspapers.
It provides the readers with coverage of local news, sports and events to the community as well as coverage of provincial, national and international news.
The session law publication for U.S. Federal statutes is called the United States Statutes at Large.
It is a morning daily published by Awam Group of Newspapers.
Limmattaler Zeitung, commonly shortened to Limmattaler, is a Swiss German-language daily newspaper, published in Dietikon in the Limmat Valley.
Its first edition was published on 19 November 1999, and started out as a Friday newspaper.
Hadoti Express is an Indian Hindi-language daily newspaper published by Ajay Singh.
Sameway Magazine is a weekly tabloid-format newspaper published in Melbourne, Australia.
The DM is a part of the S. Gale Denley Student Media Center.
Billboard K-Town is an online magazine column presented weekly, on various days, by Billboard on its Billboard.com site.
It started its journey on 4 November 1998.
Without abandoning its nationalist view, the paper nowadays reflects the views of Democratic Rally dissidents who were opposed to the Annan Plan, against party consensus.
There was also a publishing house, "Izdatel'stvo gazety Nash Put'".
He received a heavy fine for this article.
As the sixth member of the Underground Press Syndicate and the first underground paper in the South, The Rag helped shape a flourishing national underground press.
It is the largest news organization in Orange County.
The Current is the official student newspaper of the University of Missouri–St.
The South Side Weekly is an American alternative weekly based in Hyde Park covering arts, culture, and politics on the South Side of Chicago.
As Time magazine later noted: "In its news columns, the Bulletin was solid if unspectacular.
It also publishes a glossy weekly, entitled Week end.
Gazzetta del Mezzogiorno is an Italian daily newspaper, founded in 1887 in Bari, Italy.
Cornwell, worked alongside his wife Bette to publish the Green Sheet once a week for another quarter of a century.
Asia Inc. is an international business magazine in Asia with world-wide distribution.
The Navajo-Hopi Observer is a weekly newspaper serving the Hopi and Navajo nations and the city of Flagstaff in northern Arizona.
The Ypsilanti Courier is part of Heritage Newspapers, a conglomerate of weekly newspapers in Washtenaw County owned by 21st Century Media, part of Digital First Media.
The site was founded in 2006 by journalist Linda Solomon as an online platform for Vancouver bloggers, writers, reporters, photographers and filmmakers.
The newspaper's mission statement is stated in every issue and summarises the writers' view of anarchism:
It is also the oldest weekly periodical in the Los Angeles market.
Hartman Newspapers bought the property in 1986.
Utusan Malaysia is a Malay-language newspaper published in Malaysia.
For almost 100 years it was a family-owned newspaper held by the heirs of U.S.
The Reflector is the student newspaper of Mississippi State University, founded in 1884.
In a free society, individuals would gain more prosperity due to the lack of restrictions on trade and wealth creation.
These editors form the editorial board which meets weekly to discuss campus issues, compose a left-hand editorial and decide on the paper's content.
In its heyday circulation topped 120,000, but by the time of its closure it had dwindled to 33,000.
It was founded in 1936, eight years after the founding of the university.
For the former magazine, see The Aegis
Most of the paper's editorial stances have been closer to those of the old Constitution center-left viewpoint.
Dnevnik is a daily newspaper in the Republic of Macedonia.
The newspaper is distributed in Niue, New Zealand and Australia, and has a circulation of 800.
The publication has developed a popular website featuring teaching jobs, forums, and classroom resources that are uploaded by teachers.
Throughout its history, The Philadelphia Tribune has been committed to the social, political, and economic advancement of African Americans in the Greater Philadelphia region.
The monthly online version contains several blogs that focus on a varitey of hot topics in the world of automation and control.
Respublikanskaya Stroitel'naya Gazeta is a Russian language newspaper published in Belarus.
It published daily with special Sunday and Internet editions.
It has its own building since 1998.
In 2003, according to JICREG, the newspaper had a readership of approximately 26000 in the local postal code area.
NFR is owned and operated by Emma Agu, a Nigerian musician and public defender.
The Forest Grove Leader was a weekly community newspaper in Forest Grove in the U.S. state of Oregon.
It was owned by ASP Westward LP until 2012, when it was acquired by 1013 Star Communications as part of its acquisition of Houston Community Newspapers.
ShaneGujrat is Gujrat-based Urdu-language newspaper in Pakistan.
Record is a Portuguese sports newspaper, founded by Manuel Dias, published in Lisbon.
The paper officially supported the Conservative People's Party until 1938.
Financial News is part of the Dow Jones Media Group division, which also includes Barron's, Factiva, MarketWatch, Heat Street and Mansion Global.
The bombing raid had destroyed all printing presses of Esslinger's company.
The paper was committed to covering "wholesome and authentic news", and adopted a middle-class, conservative tone.
It was the third newspaper in Wisconsin.
By Henry Hough's death, the circulation of the newspaper had increased from 600 to 13,000.
The paper's marketing slogan is "Because Life Changes Daily."
Prairie Farmer is a weekly newspaper which is part of the Farm Progress company of agricultural and rural newspapers.
The Dumfries & Galloway Standard is a tabloid newspaper primarily serves Dumfries and the surrounding towns and villages such as Thornhill, Sanquhar, Lockerbie and Annan.
The newspaper celebrated its 10th anniversary in 2001 and recently celebrated its 25th anniversary in 2016.
In 2013, the newspaper dropped from weekly to biweekly publication.
Post journalists have also received 18 Nieman Fellowships and 368 White House News Photographers Association awards.
From around the mid-1950s into the early 1960s, the paper was a daily, printed by students in the school's own print shop.
Despite reporting over 100,000 paying subscriptions, the journal was losing an estimated $30 million annually.
While it is available to buy and on subscription, it is provided to all solicitors with a current England and Wales practising certificate.
The Daily Sun is the biggest daily newspaper in South Africa, with over 260,000 daily sales across all provinces and a readership of more than 5,000,000.
La Crónica de Hoy is a Mexican newspaper published in Mexico City.
The Bangor Daily News was founded on June 18, 1889; it merged with the Bangor Whig and Courier in 1900.
Although considered of poor quality, it sold because it was the only non-Tory newspaper in Manchester.
As of June 2008, Riverfront Times has an ABC-audited weekly circulation of 81,276 copies.
One of the founders, Asos Hardi, is the son of the Kurdish poet Ahmad Hardi.
Komanda was an Azerbaijani national daily sport newspaper.
Aajkaal is a Bengali newspaper in Kolkata, India.
As of the 1950s, Ohannes Aghbashian was the editor of Joghovourti Tsayn.
It had stories on the achievements of African Americans across the United States, often with more original reporting than other newspapers, which frequently copied one another.
Nachrichten was a Volga German communist newspaper, published between 1918 and 1941.
Roar prints three times a year, spending most of its energy on bringing students and staff up-to-the-minute news online.
It was founded and edited by Liudvikas Jakavičius.
The name Matlock Mercury was adopted in the mid-1950s.
The Link is the longest-running independent, non-profit, student-run newspaper.
The Gorey Guardian is a local newspaper published once per week in County Wexford, Ireland.
Cruwsible was published quarterly by an editorially independent student team.
The Derbyshire Times was first published on Saturday, January 7, 1854.
The paper is the primary publisher of legal notices in Duval County.
The Macon Chronicle-Herald was a daily newspaper published in Macon, Missouri, United States.
The Washington Post is an American daily newspaper.
It claims to be the oldest university newspaper in the United States, claiming it was established in 1826.
Community Newspaper Holdings purchased the paper from Hollinger in 2000.
City Pulse is a free, alternative weekly newspaper in Lansing, Michigan.
Mark Bryan was appointed publisher in 2009, but left the paper in 2013.
Golu was reported to be seeking the position of Speaker in the Plateau House of Assembly.
The school offers bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees, as well as an executive education program.
The newspaper publishes Monday through Thursday during the academic year and weekly during the summer sessions.
Publication of the newspaper was resumed in November 1950.
The newspaper is owned by Polaris Media.
First published as the Weekly Eagle in 1889, it transitioned to a daily in 1913.
El Sol was a Spanish newspaper published in Madrid, Spain, between 1917 and 1939.
Makedonsko Sonce is a weekly magazine published in the Republic of Macedonia.
Msgr.Mathew M.Chalil is the Chairman & Managing Director and Fr.
The Leader is currently owned by Tribune Publishing, and operates as a subsidiary of The Baltimore Sun.
and the News Limited-owned Sunday Times website known as PerthNow
It has a circulation of approximately 4400.
Under the management of Jesús Márquez the newspaper increased its circulation from 6300 to 35,000, and its size from 16 pages to 40.
Amader Shomoy started publishing in 2003 under the Nayeemul Islam Khan.
The daily circulation in 2012 was about 55,000 copies.
Janayugom is the official organ of the Kerala State Committee of the Communist Party of India.
It is owned by various local people and groups.
The circulation of The Queensland Times is 10,804 Monday to Friday and 14,153 on Saturday.
Lahore is ranked as a beta-world city, and is one of Pakistan's wealthiest cities with an estimated GDP of $58.14 billion as of 2014.
The newspaper reports on local, national, and international stories of interest to the Jewish community in metropolitan Phoenix.
After the war, he was convicted of crimes against humanity and executed.
The DCP also partners with regional towns with highlighted events and issues in monthly features entitled "Destination: Yellow Springs," "Destination: Troy," and "Explore Miamisburg."
DigBoston formerly known as the Weekly Dig or even just the Dig is a free alternative newsweekly found in Boston, Massachusetts.
The Intelligencer is a daily morning broadsheet newspaper published in Doylestown, Pennsylvania.
Malaysiakini claims that its site now receives over 2.3 million page-views per day on desktop and mobile.
Some equipment uses hydraulic drives as a primary source of motion.
Eines was again editor in the autumn, but from November 1927 Christian Hilt had his second spell as editor, decreasing the Mot Dag influence.
The Concord Monitor is the daily newspaper for Concord, the state capital of New Hampshire.
The Daily Racing Form currently publishes 30 editions daily.
It is the official journal of the Giftware Association.
The Daily Times was founded as a daily in January 1881.
La Estrella was the first regional newspaper to be audited in Puerto Rico by the Circulation Verification Council.
The Rockville Journal dates back over 100 years.
Morris Communications started the newspaper in 2005 after the company folded the Carolina Morning News, a wraparound of the Savannah Morning News.
It was founded in 1989, as the successor of the former party newspaper, Népszabadság.
Its founder, Avishai Harel, a native of Israel, also established the Dominican web-design company Merit Designs.
Since 1977 it is the central organ of DFLP.
Amongst the writers of Burevestnik there were two distinct tendencies; the moderate tendency of Karelin and the radical tendency of the Gordin brothers.
The magazine’s primary target audience consists of Chairmen, Presidents, CEOs, CFOs, Treasurers and other financial officers.
The Waikato Times is a daily broadsheet newspaper published in Hamilton, New Zealand, with a circulation to the greater Waikato region.
Informer is a pro-government daily tabloid newspaper published in Belgrade, Serbia.
The newspaper's website had 114,400 unique visitors and 734,400 page views in October 2016.
The Weatherford Democrat was established with the town in 1898.
Clemens Monitor Leader, The South Macomb News and The Tri City Progress in 1964.
The Village Voice is an American news and culture paper, known for being the country's first alternative newsweekly.
It is distributed Tuesdays and Fridays via mail and has a circulation of roughly 1,500.
It is published in San José, Costa Rica.
The paper also covers and comments on Hong Kong news.
It is owned by Wharton County Newspapers, Inc.
As of January 2010, Cormac Rea was editor-in-chief and Melissa Proulx was managing editor.
The newspaper is published six days a week Sunday through Friday; the paper does not publish on Saturday.
In August 2006, Red Pepper published the first names and occupations of prominent Ugandan men whom it asserted were gay.
The Schulenburg Sticker is a weekly newspaper in Schulenburg, Texas.
The Daily Naya Diganta is a Bengali daily newspaper published in Bangladesh since 2004.
Baer told The Hill “We think that the party is rich in tactics and poor in ideas.
Alaska Dispatch is a news organization founded in 2008 and based in Anchorage, Alaska.
The Star was an English language daily evening newspaper in Ceylon published by Independent Newspapers Limited, part of M. D. Gunasena & Company.
The Sunday Mail is Brisbane's only Sunday newspaper.
The paper, the only Chinese language newspaper publishing in 3 different Canadian cities, is published 7 days a week in the broadsheet format.
Its headquarters are in Newton, New Jersey.
In addition to Maryville, the Daily Forum covers Nodaway County, Missouri, and surrounding areas.
The Nome Nugget is a weekly newspaper published in Nome, Alaska.
The Elmhurst Suburban Life is a weekly newspaper published on Fridays in Elmhurst, Illinois.
Coughlin, however, stated, "Nothing can be gained by linking ourselves with any organization which is engaged in agitating racial animosities or propagating racial hatreds."
Among the paper's columnists are David McWilliams and Tom McGurk.
In 2010, Time Inc. entered into a license agreement with ABP Group to publish Fortune India magazine.
It was formerly called the Hong Kong Standard and changed to HKiMail during the Internet boom, but reverted to The Standard in 2001.
Established in 1841, the paper covers local, national, and world news.
The San Francisco Sentinel is an online newspaper serving the LGBT communities of the San Francisco Bay Area.
Its title was changed to Nordkurier following the unification.
The Reader, as it is commonly known, is dated every Thursday and distributed free on Wednesday and Thursday via street boxes and cooperating retail outlets.
Due to law changes, the paper began freely publishing from 1 April 2013.
The Progress was initially published six days a week; the first Sunday edition was printed in September 1968.
On Sundays, it publishes as the New Hampshire Sunday News.
It is the 2nd best-selling newspaper in Thailand.
Bild am Sonntag is the largest-selling German national Sunday newspaper published in Berlin, Germany.
Naharnet is one of the first Lebanese online media after An Nahar newspaper was online in September 1995.
Effectively the different factions were known by the names of their publications.
If the subject is discussed in the culture of the barbershop, the magazine covers it with edgy provocative content and stunning visual images.
Fish Rap Live!, also known as FRL!, is a triquarterly alternative humor publication at the University of California, Santa Cruz.
The paper was founded by James Hubert Lindsay and his brother Frank Lindsay.
It was subsequently shut down by French colonial authorities - with the last issue published on November 14, 1935.
It was a free English language tabloid newspaper distributed to 200,000 households in the Western Cape, started by entrepreneur, Marthinus Strydom.
The Times-Journal resulted from the merger in 1959 of the Fort Payne Journal, first published in 1878, and the Times-New Era.
It traces its tradition back to an underground opposition bibuła publication of anti-communist opposition from 1977 of that same name.
It also printed movie and music reviews, an annual nude beaches issue, and an annual sex issue.
After several semesters of infrequent publication, The Virginia Informer ceased operating in 2016.
The paper is distributed free around campus and the local area every Friday of publication week.
The Nogales International reports on issues affecting residents of Santa Cruz County, Arizona, including Nogales, Rio Rico, Tumacacori, Tubac, Amado, Patagonia, Sonoita and Elgin.
It is published by Vertical News, an imprint of NewsRx, LLC.
It is the newspaper of record for Josephine County.
Politico Europe is a Brussels-based European affairs weekly newspaper.
It was politically associated to the Conservative Party of Quebec and, afterwards, its successor the Union Nationale.
The News-Letter is an affiliate of UWIRE, which distributes and promotes its content to their network.
The Hartlepool Post is an online newspaper and forum serving Hartlepool and the surrounding area.
The Islamic Globe is an English-language international weekly e-newspaper published by Eaglemont Media, each issue is distributed digitally and globally.
The Bishop of each Florida Diocese offers a personal message to subscribers in their diocese on current events or faith subjects.
By the time the two sold the Herald to R.P.
Yulduz was a weekly Uzbek language newspaper published in Afghanistan.
In 2015, the website had over one million unique readers.
Tokyo Sports is a Japanese daily sports newspaper founded in 1960.
Lahore is a major centre for Pakistan's publishing industry, and remains the foremost centre of Pakistan's literary scene.
The Star provides news and information on issues that affect the Texas State community as well as San Marcos news.
It began printing twice-weekly in 2007; since its inception in 1911, The Flat Hat had printed weekly.
Visions Metro Weekly is an alternative newspaper that focuses on local-interest stories.
As of March 2011 the Executive Chairman and publisher of Champion Newspapers was Chief Emmanuel Iwuanyanwu.
Washington Post sports reporter John Feinstein was a sports writer for The Chronicle and was its sports editor for two years.
The Steamboat Pilot is a broadsheet published weekly on Sunday, and the Steamboat Today is a free tabloid published weekdays and Saturday.
In general, the paper was published weekly, though at various times the frequency was increased to twice weekly.
The Star was Pakistan's most widely read English Language evening newspaper.
It is distributed throughout Okayama prefecture, eastern Hiroshima, and parts of Kagawa.
Havelock News is a newspaper based in Havelock, North Carolina.
Malienas Ziņas is a regional newspaper published in Latvia.
The Daily Independent is a daily newspaper serving La Junta, Colorado, United States, published Mondays through Fridays.
Namasthe Telangana is also the first Telugu Daily to introduce dedicated Mobile Apps across all the Platforms and devices.
"The Tely" strongly supported Canada's imperial connection with Britain as late as the 1960s.
The Pacific Sun is a free weekly newspaper published in Marin County, just north of San Francisco in the San Francisco Bay Area.
As the voice of south central Utah, it has been involved in numerous community issues.
In September 2006, the newspaper announced it was ceasing publication, with the 475th and last issue published on 7 September.
It was founded in 1964 as the Daily Economic Newspaper and took its current name in 1980.
Hamshahri is a major national Iranian Persian-language newspaper.
It has a circulation of 89,618 and a readership of 81,000.
The publisher, Bendel Newspapers Company Limited, is owned by the Edo State Government.
The cities included Nampa, Homedale and Twin Falls in Idaho; Ontario, Oregon, and even Reno, Nevada.
The publisher has been listed as Johnston Publishing North East since 2015.
Tema is a politically unaffiliated daily newspaper published in Tirana, Albania in the Albanian language.
As of October 26, 2015, Bradley M. Harmon is the newspaper's president and publisher.
Home delivery is available for a fee.
It frequently presents an opposing viewpoint to the San Diego Union Tribune, the primary printed newspaper in the city.
NYPress.com is currently owned by Straus News.
Substance Abuse & Disability Services Report is a news service produced in Silver Spring, Maryland by CD Publications.
Alistair has recently been appointed editor of the daily news paper The News Letter.
It is the only exclusively business weekly published in the country.
It had been in the Inglis family for 144 years.
The Dispatch is in a joint operating agreement with the York Daily Record.
Audio edition of the newspaper, recorded in Cantonese, is also available in MP3 format in its former website.
The FCC Record, also known as the Federal Communications Commission Record and variously abbreviated as FCC Rcd.
Chunghwa Cheng Chi Pao was changed into a weekly paper, and is distributed to the military on Quemoy.
Its inclinations toward ethnic nationalism and antisemitism were additional topics of controversy.
Arrest orders were issued on the editors of the newspapers and other members of the Communist Party leadership.
The Walla Walla Union-Bulletin is a newspaper based in Walla Walla, Washington and owned by the Seattle Times Company.
For more than a century, The Bellevue Gazette was the flagship of The Gazette Publishing Company, a chain that also included eight weeklies across Northwestern Ohio.
It is owned by Paxton Media Group along with area papers the High Point Enterprise and the Thomasville Times.
It is commonly referred to as The Argus.
It was founded on 1963 and was published from Colombo.
The Nichi Bei Times was a Japanese American newspaper headquartered in San Francisco.
In 1920, Adevărul also began publishing its prestigious cultural supplement, Adevărul Literar şi Artistic.
Jawa Pos is an Indonesian national daily newspaper based in Surabaya, East Java.
The Accrington Observer is a weekly paper featuring the town of Accrington and its surrounding areas.
In February 2015, the paper's publisher, Bruce Ray, announced his resignation; Fresno Bee president and publisher Tom Cullinan was named interim publisher for the paper.
The Rochdale Observer is a tabloid newspaper published on Wednesdays and Saturdays for the Metropolitan Borough of Rochdale, in Greater Manchester, England.
The Baldwin City Signal was a local weekly newspaper for Baldwin City, Kansas.
The two daily newspapers were head-to-head competitors for more than 16 years, until The Citizen ceased publication on Oct. 1, 2016.
Consulting-Specifying Engineer publishes several programs throughout each year:
In addition to articles, Asia Inc. periodically publishes rankings of Asian business school MBA programs.
It is available both in print and online.
In 1816, the operation was sold to Daniel Pope Cook, who re-titled the publication the Western Intelligencer.
It covers the city of Xenia and several nearby communities in Greene County, including Bellbrook, Cedarville, Clifton, Jamestown and Wilberforce.
The newspaper regularly publishes articles by prominent Russian journalists such as Yulia Latynina and Ivan Nechepurenko.
The Jewish Exponent brand consists of a weekly community newspaper, a website, and a quarterly magazine.
The content of the newspaper is varied, ranging from information for all serving personnel of whatever rank or specialisation to Sea Cadets and former shipmates.
all the ingredients will be part of the newspaper.
After Abed Khan's resignation Imdadul Haq Milon, a popular novelist from Bangladesh is working as the editor.
Nancy Bernkopf Tucker, author of Patterns in the Dust: Chinese-American Relations and the Recognition Controversy, 1949-1950, said that the newspaper was "conservative".
Salah Uddin Shoaib Choudhury is an anti Islamist journalist in Bangladesh presently facing sedition, treason and blasphemy charges.
Der Landmann was a German-language weekly newspaper.
Because The Daily no longer owns an on-campus printer, editions are printed at The Norman Transcript.
Semiconductor startups covered include fabless ventures, IP firms, independent IC design houses and EDA firms.
Its website, Trib.com, includes articles from the print paper, online updates, video and other multimedia content.
The Rafu Shimpo is a Japanese-English language newspaper based in Little Tokyo, Los Angeles, California.
Grüüne has a parallel sister newspaper Poljana which is published in Russian.
The office for the newspaper is located at 14545 Roadrunner Way, across the street from the Main UTSA campus.
Especially, Weekly Blitz only publishes unmolested and untwisted information on Israel, the Jewish world as well as the West.
It is now part of The Seattle Times Company, which purchased the paper in 1991.
The Atlanta Journal-Constitution is the result of the merger between The Atlanta Journal and The Atlanta Constitution.
Helmuth von Rauschenplat was the economics editor of the newspaper.
The Sentinel-Review's last London print date was Oct. 6, 2016 and their first printing out of Hamilton was Oct. 10, 2016.
The first editor of the newspaper was journalist Sri Gour Kishore Ghosh.
Theekkathir is being published from Madurai, Chennai, Coimbatore and Tiruchirappalli.
The paper was founded by the Engineering Society in 1967 to give the Engineering Society a voice on campus.
Hoy and Hoy Fin de Semana have a combined weekly distribution of nearly 1.8 million copies nationally.
The newspaper maintains a generally anti-communist editorial stance, including explicit opposition to the Communist Party of China.
In 2001, CNHI put the News-Herald up for sale along with 30 other properties, including fellow West Texas papers the Big Spring Herald and Sweetwater Reporter.
It has ten employees that work with the paper as it comes out every other Friday.
Nuacht24 plans to launch a comprehensive video based service later this year at www.nuacht24.com.
Det fri Aktuelt was a Danish language daily newspaper published in Copenhagen, Denmark, between 1871 and 2001.
Ámbito Financiero was acquired by Orlando Vignatti in 2008.
After 155 years of publication as a broadsheet, it changed to a tabloid format in March 2007.
In 2010, the Princeton Review ranked The State News as the #8 best college newspaper in the country.
The Allgemeine Zeitung founded in 1916, is the oldest daily newspaper in Namibia and the only German-language daily in Africa.
It was bought in 1920 by Lord Rothermere's Daily Mirror Newspapers but in 1925 Rothermere offloaded it to William and Gomer Berry.
The TUC produced its own paper, the British Worker to attempt to counter it.
It has been accused of political bias in favor of the currently ruling Serbian Progressive Party.
In January 2005, the Seattle Chinese Times introduced a full-color edition, the first full-color weekly newspaper in the Chinese community.
The paper served Contra Costa and eastern Alameda counties, in the eastern part of the San Francisco Bay Area.
The Phoenix Gazette was a newspaper published in Phoenix, Arizona, United States.
The current iteration of the newspaper-turned-magazine incorporates media analysis and critique to contextualize their reporting.
The College View is published fortnightly on Wednesday, with six issues per semester and is circulated among 12,000 students as well as DCU lecturers and staff.
The El Paso Herald-Post was an afternoon daily newspaper in El Paso, Texas, USA.
Some newspapers with high editorial independence, high journalism quality, and large circulation are viewed as newspapers of record.
The newspaper was founded in December 1895.
The newspaper was established in 1925 and was originally known as Creek Pebbles until the current name was adopted in 1983.
Word Made Flesh — reflections on Scripture readings from the liturgy
Lobsang specialises in Media, Art and Entertainment and hence Tibet Sun is his media production as a photojournalist.
The Newton Daily News is a semi-daily newspaper published weekdays based in Newton, Iowa.
Its cover price has decreased over the years in order to compete with its rival The Sun.
It is now again part of the Star Media Group, which was acquired by Fettah Tamince and Tevhit Karakaya in 2009/10.
André Neau was the director of the publication.
The newspaper covered political issues of Nepal, and voiced opposition against Rana rule in the country.
The New York Native was a biweekly gay newspaper published by Charles Ortleb in New York City from December 1980 until January 13, 1997.
Rich lists, which will also be published by The AFR will continue to carry the BRW branding.
Le Délit, also known as Le Délit français, is an independent francophone newspaper on the McGill University campus, in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Nachrichten was the organ of the Communist Party in the Volga German Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic.
More than 9,150 copies of the Koori Mail are sold each fortnight.
Floyd L. Sparks was the longtime owner of The Argus, along with the Daily Review and the Tri-Valley Herald.
Gopal Raju died in New York City on April 10, 2008.
Its first edition appeared on 1 July 1704.
The magazine contains major features, editorial and comment, news and reports, reviews, interviews and readers' letters.
Le Voyageur is a weekly community newspaper in Greater Sudbury, Ontario, serving the city's Franco-Ontarian community.
The newspaper has received several Louisiana Press Association awards.
Parts of the newspaper was printed in Euskera.
In the 1920s and the 1930s, Bashkortostan played a large role in establishing the standard Bashkir language as it is known today.
The Louisville Times was a newspaper that was published in Louisville, Kentucky.
The Gaelic Journal was bilingual, with texts in Irish and English.
The paper's sister publication is the Oscoda Press.
The Narragansett Dawn was a monthly newspaper that discussed the history, culture and language of the Narragansett tribe.
Belorusskaya Delovaya Gazeta is a now-defunct, business-oriented daily newspaper based in Minsk, Belarus, known for its criticisms of President Alexander Lukashenko's government.
The Sunday Star-Times is a New Zealand newspaper published each weekend by the Fairfax group in Auckland.
This index is marketed to the library marketplace.
With a stack of their postcards pledging support as collateral, Benton secured seed money to start the Falls Church News-Press
In addition to Benton, the Evening News covers Christopher, Sesser and Thompsonville, and Franklin County.
It was initially published every three days, later becoming a daily.
CNBC personality Rebecca Quick served as the newspaper's editor-in-chief for a period, before joining The Wall Street Journal.
Głos Ludu is the main and largest Polish newspaper in the Czech Republic.
He closely monitored its editorial policies and sought to promote its readership among local Catholic families.
Cleveland Scene employs regular columnists as well as freelance journalists.
The newspaper contains more than 10 topical supplements.
The name of the newspaper translates into "The western part of the Nyland region", this region also being the area where the newspaper is circulated.
A new version of the Brooklyn Eagle as a revival of the old newspaper's traditions began publishing in 1996.
In 2009, owner Reed Business Information sold TWICE, Broadcasting & Cable and Multichannel News to New Bay Media.
The Star is a daily newspaper based in Nairobi, Kenya.
The Ubyssey is an independent publication funded by a $6.41 annual fee, from which students can opt out.
When Hollinger sold off the majority of its papers in 1999, The Tribune-Democrat went to current owner Community Newspaper Holdings.
The Seattle Chinese Times is a Seattle, United States free bilingual weekly newspaper which launched its first edition in May 2004.
In 1866 the Chronicle went tri-weekly, and in 1871 began publishing daily and has done so since.
Whilst primarily directed towards the Malay diaspora in Ceylon, the Alamat Langkapuri also had a readership in the Malay archipelago.
It was a member of the USA TODAY network.
Asharq Al-Awsat covers events through a network of bureaus and correspondents throughout the Arab World, Europe, United States, and Asia.
Its headquarters were located at 400 38th Street in Union City.
The publication is a member of the Associated Press.
The Journal Record is a daily business and legal newspaper based in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.
Beverly Hills Weekly responded with a SLAPP motion and ultimately received $40,000 in legal fees.
The Bee sponsored the original "Mayor of Bronzeville" contest which led to the use of the term "Bronzeville" for the neighborhood.
Augsburg College is a private, coeducational liberal arts college located in Minneapolis, Minnesota affiliated with the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America.
The Whitehorse Star is currently published 5 days a week as an afternoon paper.
The government sealed Independent Newspapers' presses and closed it down on 19 April 1974 using the Emergency Regulations.
It is a national news daily covering political, economic, cultural and scientific affairs, mostly with a centre-right, conservative view.
In 1987, the paper was acquired by Hollinger.
The Wall Street Journal Europe is a daily English-language newspaper that covers global and regional business news for Europe, the Middle East and Africa.
It was edited and published semiweekly by poet and printer Philip Freneau until October 23, 1793.
The newspaper is owned by the Juba Media Company.
Thomas Crosbie Holdings went into receivership in March 2013.
Published since 23 March 1972, Analisa is one of the largest newspaper in Medan.
The paper also features South Australia's only remaining anonymous columnist, the shadowy Ray Light.
It is printed in three separate locations.
The paper is named after the popular two-piece Indian percussion instrument, tabla.
The Giornale del Popolo is a regional daily newspaper published in Lugano, Switzerland.
Al-Sahawat Times - Daily - English, Arabic, Swahili, Bosnian, Persian and Urdu
The Connexion is a monthly newspaper and news website for the English-speaking expatriate community in France.
Gacenet, La Gaceta's online edition, was created in 1999.
Quick is a defunct Dallas-Fort Worth area free weekly newspaper published from 2003 to 2011.
Das freie Volk was a daily newspaper published from Danzig between December 1918 and 1921.
The paper is owned by the Samuels family, but also publishers, and is edited by Michael Duke.
The initial team included new generation of opinion-makers such as Ylber Hysa, Baton Haxhiu, Dukagjin Gorani, Eqrem Basha, Shkelzen Maliqi, etc.
The paper was the target of at least two episodes of mob violence in the city.
Started in 1888 by Edward Gilliam and J.C. Womack.
As of a 2012 audit, it had a circulation of 19,000 and is distributed from 500 locations.
It is one of the oldest African-American newspapers in the United States.
The Dispatch Broadcast Group, comprising WBNS-AM-FM-TV in Columbus and WTHR in Indianapolis, will remain in the hands of the Wolfe family.
Dagens it is a biweekly newspaper covering the IT business sector published by Norges Handels og Sjøfartstidende in Oslo, Norway.
Kvilis Palitra is a private Weekly newspaper published from Tbilisi Georgia in the Georgian language .
Dag, stylized as DAG, was a freely distributed Dutch-language tabloid newspaper in the Netherlands between 2007 and 2008.
The High Timber Times is a weekly newspaper that primarily serves the 285 Corridor, 20-30 miles southwest of Denver, Colorado.
The magazine, although politicized, is remembered to have influenced scientific formation of the Albanian youth, with relevant translations from analogous foreign magazines.
It was considered a direct competitor of another local entertainment/lifestyle guide, the Dallas Observer.
The newspaper was founded in 1996 to compete with well-established rivals including Oil & Gas Journal, Petroleum Intelligence Weekly, and Offshore Engineer.
Since 2003, Lagniappe has sponsored and hosted the annual "Nappie Awards", where favorite local people, places, and things are chosen by readers' votes.
The intended audience was workers and their families.
Star-News is the daily newspaper for Wilmington, North Carolina, and its surrounding area.
The Ceylon Observer was an English language daily newspaper in Sri Lanka published by Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Limited.
In 2011 the newspaper had a circulation of 2500 biweekly issues.
Daily Monitor averaged a daily circulation of 24,230 newspapers in September 2011.
During World War I the Western Clarion was internationalist and denounced a war in which workers fought while others profited.
The La Grange Suburban Life is a weekly newspaper published on Wednesdays in La Grange, Illinois.
The Boston Daily Advertiser was the first daily newspaper in Boston, and for many years the only daily paper in Boston.
The daily supported former President Mahmoud Ahmedinejad.
The paper's editors and board members emphasized the change was part of a commitment to a digital-first strategy, not the product of financial pressures.
Its main office is in Ahmedabad at Shah-e-Alam.
Former Green Party leader John Gormley is a contributing editor.
Based in Singapore, it is primarily focused on Asian business issues.
They do not receive any royalties for their work.
The paper contained a mix of campus and local news coverage, as well as national and international stories from wire services.
It is a biweekly, published every Tuesday and Friday for free by Pioneer News Group.
The paper was known for having lengthy, thoughtful reviews of movies, plays and concerts in the LA area.
First published on 3 April 1925, Farrago is Australia's oldest student publication.
The newspaper converted from broadsheet to tabloid format in May 2012, and then was published online only from 15 December 2015.
It has the sixth-highest circulation among general-interest Spanish dailies, and the fourth-highest among those based in Madrid.
Both the Donegal Democrat and the Donegal People’s Press are sister papers of Donegal on Sunday through Derry Journal Newspapers, a holding company of Johnston Press.
It also prints the Texas Press Messenger for Texas Press Association.
It is owned by the Midland News Association, which also owns the Shropshire Star newspaper.
Published in tabloid format, the newspaper was created in 1952 through a merger to Innherreds Folkeblad and Verdalingen.
In 1838, Donahoe became editor, and he maintained control of the newspaper until his death in 1891.
As of December 2010, newsstand prices were $1.00 for the daily edition and $2.00 for the Sunday edition.
Aravot is a leading liberal and politically independent daily newspaper based in Yerevan, Armenia.
The circulation of the paper was 87,000 copies in 2003.
It was first published in 1999 from S Media Group S.A..
The Fort Leavenworth Lamp is a weekly newspaper for the U.S. Army military community living in Fort Leavenworth, Kansas.
The following year, the newspaper started OnlineAthens.com, its current Web page.
It is named for Simón Bolívar's nineteenth-century Correo del Orinoco, although it is published in Caracas unlike the original which was published on the Orinoco river.
In December 1954 it became a daily newspaper following the party's separation from Mapam.
In May 2014, Real Detroit Weekly merged with the Detroit Metro Times.
The papers became subscription-only in November 2008.
The Cornell Daily Sun is an independent daily newspaper published in Ithaca, New York by students at Cornell University and hired employees.
The newspaper is published Monday through Friday and has a circulation of approximately 8,400.
The newspaper had several different names at different times.
Proctor was involved in the investigation of MacDonald, and the onetime son-in-law of District Judge Franklin T. Dupree, Jr., who presided at MacDonald's trial.
The Straits Times is an English-language daily broadsheet newspaper based in Singapore currently owned by Singapore Press Holdings.
Pasqyra is a newspaper published in Albania.
The Montevideo Times was an English-language newspaper in Uruguay.
The paper is published from the city of Mysore in the Indian state of Karnataka.
Evolving from the Le McGill Daily français, French-language section in The McGill Daily, Le Délit became a standalone newspaper on September 1, 1977.
The paper was part of the Leinster Leader Group, which was sold to Johnston Press in late 2005.
One possibility is that the yearbook was named in response to a campus theater production of the Canterbury Tales in 1911.
Suprabhaatham is headquartered at Francis Road, Kozhikode .
Having a rivalry with Moss Dagblad, it is published six days a week.
It was a twice weekly paper when purchased by Landmark Community Newspapers, a subsidiary of Landmark Communications, in 1974.
Alalam News Network launched its Persian Website in April 2007 in order to cover news exclusively in the Persian language.
Founded in 1880, it is the official newspaper of the country's government.
The newspaper is edited by Producciones Impretele, S.A., which is owned by Rafael Poleo and directed by Francisco Poleo as the Vicepresident Executive.
The program is hosted by David Guistina and includes commentary by Chartock.
The circulation as of July to December 2016 is 44,427 a day, down -16.2% year on year.
Both editions cover 36 towns of the western and northern areas of Puerto Rico.
It extensively covers the music scene, especially the annual South by Southwest Music Festival.
TTIS organizes the Great TTIS Challenge every year, with the motto "Skill, talent, competition, enjoyment and loads of fun".
French was proposed as a third language, being a language of importance for international communication.
Both publications were usually available at the same establishments.
Although it is primarily distributed to Maury County, Tennessee its Newspaper Designated Market stretches into five counties in Southern Middle Tennessee.
The Oil & Gas Journal is a leading petroleum industry weekly publication with a worldwide coverage.
By June 1874, Ewing had built a new plant near his brick offices in Elkton.
"The Reporter was primarily a print shop device."
It is produced by the Laredo Morning Times which is owned by the Hearst Corporation.
The newspaper is owned by Berkshire Hathaway.
Among the regular contributors is James J. Devine, a controversial Democratic Party strategist and political commentator who authors a column entitled "Voice of the People."
News writers include Senior Reporter Leon Bogdan, and staffers Michael Lester, Chris Krepich, John-Erik Koslosky, Kristin Baver, Susan Schwartz, and Gary Pang.
Cotidianul was a Romanian language newspaper published in Bucharest, Romania, between 1991 and 2009.
Përlindja e Shqipërisë is a free newspaper published in Albania.
The Upper Canada Guardian; or Freeman’s Journal was one of the first opposition papers in 19th century Upper Canada.
In 2000 El Diario began publishing a weekly Mexico section, which covers the news of Mexico, somewhat like USA Today does for the US.
Gabrielle Storms-Castelot, the mother of André Castelot and mistress of Châteaubriant, was director's secretary.
Bryan sold his papers to Hollinger in 1997.
Later Leib Abram of Bielorussia), became the editor of Der royter shtern, followed by M. Patasch.
The Royal Gazette, is a Bermudian English-language daily newspaper.
In 1904, this was shortened to The Evening Review and by the 1930s, the paper had been retitled as the East Liverpool Review.
The newspaper covered political, social, economical and literary affairs.
In 2013, the Bard Free Press won a Best in Show title from the Associated Collegiate Press.
French News was a monthly newspaper, based in Périgueux, Dordogne, France, published in English and distributed mostly in France.
Founder and editor was the writer Alphonse de Châteaubriant, and chief editor was Marc Augier.
The Liverpool Daily Post split from its sister North Wales title, The Daily Post, which still publishes six days a week, in 2003.
Moreover, the newspaper frequently reproduced proletarian poetry.
As a student newspaper, it is read by a large proportion of the student body, as well as other members of the Imperial College community.
The company moved to its present location at 916 Roanoke Avenue in June 1957.
The Citizen publishes five days a week, Tuesday through Friday and Sunday, serves as the legal organ for Rockdale County, and is available online.
Its publisher was newspaper magnate August Scherl, who also owned Die Woche, an illustrated weekly.
In July 2008, Towson University agreed to sign over the rights to The Towerlight to BSM.
During the fall and winter semesters the Western Herald prints twice a month and online daily.
It is the largest selling Urdu newspaper in Hyderabad & Local Cities.
Readers can interact with the Daily Trojan by commenting on articles online or writing a letter to the editor.
The Mindanao Examiner is an independent regional newspaper published and edited every week with general circulation in Mindanao, Philippines.
Based in Dublin, Metro Éireann focusses on issues affecting Ireland's immigrants.
The Czech Section of the Communist Party of Austria had its offices in the Ninth District.
American Medical News offered 24 print issues each year, and 52 online editions, with fresh news added each weekday.
Birja is a popular Azerbaijani weekly free-of-charge newspaper for announcements and classified advertising published by the Birja VDV.
Both the Advertiser and the Cassville Democrat continue to be published.
Two inserted monthly magazines come with the newspaper: the Financial Review Magazine and Financial Review BOSS.
Founded in 1785, the Journal is the oldest paper in New York state, and is the second-oldest in the nation.
The Phillipian is Phillips Academy's uncensored and student-run weekly newspaper.
The Marengo-Union Times is the publication of record in Marengo and Union, Illinois.
The paper is the most widely circulated newspaper in northeastern Michigan.
H.M. Shannon bought the paper in 1911, publishing it until he died in 1938.
Sithmina is a Sinhala language education paper targeted for Ordinary Level students in Sri Lanka.
Over the summer, the Weekly publishes monthly, occasionally bi-monthly.
The Virgin Islands Daily News is a daily newspaper in the United States Virgin Islands headquartered on the island of Saint Thomas.
Basellandschaftliche Zeitung, or bz, is a Swiss German-language daily newspaper, published by Luedin in Liestal, Basel-Landschaft.
The Sentinel is an English daily newspaper launched in 1983 in the city of Guwahati, in the state of Assam, India.
It is currently edited by Aida Touma-Suleiman.
In 2013, The Onion ceased publishing its print edition and launched Onion Labs, an advertising agency.
The Fitzhugh is a weekly newspaper serving the Jasper, Alberta area.
The letter from McConnell's office to the Pentagon leaked in 2013, generating national headlines and subjecting the senator to mockery on cable news.
The current editor is Carmen Lira Saade.
The founding editors were J.J. Cameron, A.P.Seeton, and W.E.
El País is a regional daily newspaper based in Cali, Colombia, and leading newspaper of the Colombian Pacific Region.
The Portland Tribune is a free newspaper published twice weekly, each Tuesday and Thursday, in Portland, Oregon, United States.
It is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc.
The North Coast Journal is an alternative weekly newspaper serving Humboldt County, California.
ReminderNews is a newspaper that circulates throughout Eastern Connecticut [1].
Its name was coined after a popular pre-war newspaper Kurier Warszawski, with which it had nothing to do but the name.
It is owned by Éditions Philippe Amaury.
It is a general-information and politically independent newspaper.
The Odessaer Zeitung was a German newspaper from Odessa, founded in 1861.
The newspaper is owned by Southern Newspapers Inc., and began in 1913.
It was published from Lahore, Simla and Karachi, some times simultaneously, until its closure in 1963.
Pensée: Immanuel Velikovsky Reconsidered was a special series of ten issues of the magazine Pensée advancing the pseudoscientific theories of Immanuel Velikovsky.
Le Temps is a Swiss daily newspaper in French published in the Berliner format in Geneva by Le Temps SA.
It was named Weekly Newspaper of the Year at the 2013 Scottish Press Awards.
It is the only daily newspaper in Cambridge, Massachusetts, and is run entirely by Harvard College undergraduates.
Sin Chew Daily, formerly known as Sin Chew Jit Poh, is a leading Chinese-language newspaper in Malaysia.
The newspaper has an approximate circulation of 75,000.
Travel Trade Gazette is a weekly newspaper for the travel industry.
The Wiltshire Times is a weekly newspaper published in Trowbridge, Wiltshire in South West England.
The Hillsboro Star-Journal is a local weekly newspaper for the cities of Hillsboro, Kansas, Lehigh, Durham in the state of Kansas.
It frequently covers workers rights, human rights trade union issues along with international affairs and political commentary.
The Ainu Times is the only magazine published in the Ainu language.
They also provide interested developing countries with free copies of their newsletter.
The Arkansas Democrat-Gazette is the newspaper of record in the U.S. state of Arkansas, printed in Little Rock with a northwest edition published in Lowell.
It also contains editorials and a spectrum of readers' opinions.
The Michigan Citizen is the official newspaper for the city of Highland Park, Michigan.
The publication is owned by the Business Recorder Group which is one of South Asia's preeminent media conglomerates with interests in Television, Web, Finance and Technology.
The office of La Bataille syndicaliste was located at 10, boulevard Magenta.
MBT also distributes the Mid-Week Report, a weekly e-newsletter that offers news, editorial, and product content similar to what's found on the website.
The website viewers are estimated to be more than 1million per month.
In 1870, Whig reporter William Rule launched the Knoxville Chronicle, which is often considered the "successor" to the Whig.
The circulation is 500 to 600 copies.
It is a constituent agency of the Jewish Federation of St. Louis, and has an independent board of directors.
Alik published a special book celebrating its 75th anniversary.
Athens Voice is a free weekly newspaper and news and features website in Athens, Greece.
Our Neighborhood Times is a bimonthly community newspaper based in Hegewisch, Chicago and distributed throughout the neighborhoods along the eastern shore of Lake Calumet.
Ştefan Secăreanu was the editor in chief and Sergiu Burcă was the deputy editor in chief.
Like the Northern District Times, the paper is one of News Limited's community newspapers in New South Wales.
Akropolis was a Greek newspaper based in Athens.
The Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier is a daily newspaper published by Lee Enterprises for people living in Waterloo and Cedar Falls, Iowa as well as surrounding areas.
It was founded by Quaid-i-Azam Mohammad Ali Jinnah in Delhi, India, on 26 October 1941 as a mouthpiece for the Muslim League.
Issues are between 40 and 50 pages in length.
It was succeeded by Magyar Idők, a conservative political daily on 1 September 2015.
[1] Its primary circulation area consists of the city of Lynchburg and the surrounding counties of Amherst, Appomattox, Bedford, and Campbell.
In 2015, it launched its new website to achieve dual platform status.
The newspaper has won 40 Pulitzer Prizes through 2017 and derives its name from Wall Street in the heart of the Financial District of Lower Manhattan.
It is state-owned and therefore usually only publishes news that supports the government and its policies.
The newspaper struggled in the period before World War II, and was closed from 1940 to 1944.
Stands were set up across the Island in over 200 locations.
The Triangle was first published on February 1, 1926, under the direction of students with University advisors functioning only to offer advice.
The Times and Telegram merged on August 3, 2015.
Its founder, editor and publisher is entrepreneur and writer K B Ganapathy.
The paper's editorial, production, and advertising staff are composed entirely of students from a range of degree programs.
This in turn prompted competition and created the unusual environment where Wilkes-Barre, with its population of a little more than 43,000, now has two competing dailies.
It is printed by West Penn Printing in New Castle, Pennsylvania under the advisement of The Herald of Sharon, Pennsylvania.
The Taylor Daily Press calls itself "Eastern Williamson County's only daily newspaper."
The Whig was a polemical American newspaper published and edited by William G. "Parson" Brownlow in the mid-nineteenth century.
The Jewish Ledger is Connecticut's only weekly Jewish newspaper.
Instead, he landed in the middle of the Cypriot civil and anti-colonial war.
Like other local newspapers in the Bow Valley, the Crag & Canyon does not charge customers directly but relies solely upon advertising revenue for income.
For the Greek newspaper based in Patras, see Simerini
It is one of the largest campus newspapers in the United States, reaching a circulation of 15,000.
This is a 32-page tabloid  currently being circulated in Kolkata and Howrah only.
Established in 1983, Converting was published monthly.
Articles are written by both an in-house editorial team and external contributors.
Under his nephew and chosen successor, John H. Sengstacke, the paper took on segregation, especially in the U.S. military, during World War II.
The Daily Breeze is a print and digital news media company based in Torrance, California.
junge Welt is a German daily newspaper, published in Berlin.
It is published three times weekly by Metroland Media Group.
Cooper was recognized as Journalist of the Year by the National Association of Black Journalists in 1987 for his work at The City Sun.
The newspaper sells in excess of 8,000 copies weekly.
The Press & Sun-Bulletin is a daily newspaper serving the area around Binghamton, New York.
Out of town branch is located in Magsaysay St. in Victorias City.
In 2003, it was acquired by Window Media, the largest publisher of gay/lesbian weekly newspapers in the United States.
It is published on every Thursday, and is delivered throughout western Montana.
The newspaper is published by The North Queensland Newspaper Company Pty Ltd, which is a subsidiary of News Limited.
The articles are written by students, and are largely about local and student based issues.
It was originally printed in broadsheet format but in 2013 was relauched as a tabloid.
It is published on a weekly basis in a tabloid form.
La Voz de Galicia is a Spanish daily newspaper owned by the Corporación Voz de Galicia.
The Kokomo Tribune is based in downtown Kokomo, Indiana, USA.
The outlet is part of the larger Ogaal Media Center that is headquartered in the city.
In March 2007 26-year-old Ramunė Vaičiulytė became Respublika's first female editor-in-chief.
Västerviks-Tidningen is a Swedish daily newspaper based in Västervik.
Uptown was purchased in 2005 by FP Newspapers, owners of the Winnipeg Free Press.
The Laconia Daily Sun was founded June 5, 2000, with Engler as publisher and John Hourihan as editor.
Rīgas Balss was a tabloid newspaper published in Riga, Latvia, published in Latvian and Russian languages.
After the death of William Snr in 1814, his son William Jnr became the new editor.
After over 30 years as an afternoon paper, it became a morning paper in 1984.
The Gazette was one of three weekly newspapers that served the inhabitants of Harbor County, the others being Harbor Country News and the New Buffalo Times.
The Holcad was started in 1884, 32 years after the establishment of the college.
As of recent, the paper is printed on recycled newsprint containing post consumer waste.
This newspaper could be found in some places in Shopping Malls, Bus stations & co; in the morning.
Habertürk, abbreviated as HT, is a high-circulation Turkish newspaper.
The novel has since been adapted into several television series, the best known of which is the internationally popular 2008–10 series of the same name.
It was launched on 8 August 2009 by Jorge Rodríguez, mayor of the Libertador Bolivarian Municipality of Caracas for PSUV.
The publication began distributing the same year, initially four pages, with a bi-weekly circulation.
Another prominent member was the poet Süleyman Nazif.
Poslovni dnevnik is a Croatian daily business newspaper published in Zagreb.
Últimas Noticias is the highest selling daily newspaper in Venezuela.
The Donegal Post is one of four papers in the Rivermedia group that circulate in the county of Donegal.
Lee Enterprises owned the paper from 1926 to 1999, when it was traded to GateHouse Media.
Controversy has come from the Osoyoos Times, however.
Founded in 1953, it quickly grew into a high-circulation daily.
As per Indian Readership Survey 2013 , Rajasthan Patrika and Patrika together emerged as the No.
In 2006, the Community Newspaper Group, an affiliate of Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation, purchased the Bronx Times-Reporter.
Its main target audience is foreign residents, businessmen living in Romania and English-speaking Romanians.
As of 2008 Hassadiya owns 40% of the paper, with the rest owned by Fayez and "a group of Israeli-Arab businessmen."
It has a circulation of 8,659, of whom 8,528 are subscribers.
It finally folded in 1940, when Nazi Germany invaded Belgium.
The Bryan Press, a weekly newspaper, had its roots in the Republican Standard of 1854 and the twice-weekly Bryan Democrat which began in 1863.
The current publisher is Peter Bishop, and the editor-in-chief is Lois Tuffin.
He succeeds his father, Ray Shaw, who was chairman and CEO of ACBJ for 25 years.
It is one of the world's oldest international newspapers and has readers in more than 170 countries.
Weekly Times Messenger is a weekly suburban newspaper in Adelaide, South Australia, part of the Messenger Newspapers group.
In 1963, the Brush-Moore Newspapers group bought the paper.
Currently, director of the newspaper is Dimitrios Gousidis, the 7th in the last 12 years.
A. H. Belo acquired the company in 1998.
It holds an unselected and battlelike presence with the important talks which concerns its local information, and opened as one of the narrow regional newspapers.
The Mebane Enterprise is a newspaper based in Mebane, North Carolina.
The newspaper came about because of the Narragansett people's need to retain their history and cultural identity in the wake of the Indian Reorganization Act.
LA Weekly is a free weekly alternative newspaper in Los Angeles, California.
Empire also publishes The Manhattan Jewish Sentinel and The Rockland and Westchester Jewish Tribune.
The Current was founded in 1986 by Linda Matys O’Connell and husband Geoff O’Connell.
It is currently owned by Imperial Valley Media; shareholders include Rhode Island Suburban Newspapers.
The Pittsburgh Business Times is a diversified business media company serving Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
The Hill Times is an English-language daily newspaper published in Diphu, Assam, India.
Planet S is published bi-weekly on Thursday.
Independent news stories are a source of news from Taft California on the Google, Yahoo and Dogpile news search engines.
In 1996 it encouraged people off the street to run for Mayor of Vancouver, which resulted in 58 total names on the ballot.
The Lancashire Telegraph, formerly the Lancashire Evening Telegraph, is a local tabloid newspaper distributed in East Lancashire, England.
The current publisher is Peter Bishop, the general manager is Mary Babcock, and the editor-in-chief is Lois Tuffin.
The newspaper features writing and articles about homelessness and poverty, written by homeless or formerly homeless people and other volunteers.
Its motto is "veritas vos liberabit," which is Latin for "the truth shall set you free."
Yibada operates 35 cities' editions, including New York City, San Francisco, Los Angeles, Chicago, Hongkong, Beijing, Shanghai, Nigra, São Paulo, etc.
Its name is the Serbian word for 'struggle' or 'combat'.
It is edited by Simon Keegan, with assistant editor Tony Howard.
Blick is a Swiss German-language daily newspaper, published by Ringier in Zurich.
Established in 1984, Manufacturing Business Technology publishes daily breaking news about the manufacturing and IT industries.
Following industry trends, its weekday circulation had fallen in 2009 to fewer than one million.
Headquartered in Cave City, the newspaper is owned by Jobe Publishing, Inc.
There are five or six employees on the payroll, but significant work is done by student volunteers.
Its coverage in Washington, D.C., includes the U.S. Congress, lobbying, media and the presidency.
Electronic Design also publishes six special issues per year.
The Bridge is a street newspaper that gives people who are currently or formerly homeless an opportunity for self-expression and sustainable income.
He was a co-founder of the Nigerian Newswatch magazine in the mid-1980s.
The West Valley View replaced the original newspaper serving Avondale/Goodyear which was known as the Westside Enterprise and later the Westsider.
The Star-News was founded after a merger with the Chula Vista Star, founded in 1918, and National City News, founded in 1882.
Issues for years 1895-1922 have been digitized and are available for free online at Chronicling America and the University of Illinois Library's Illinois Digital Newspaper Collections.
The Yuma Sun is a newspaper in Yuma, Arizona, United States.
The first edition of the Clark County Courier printed by the offset method rather than by hot type was in August 1968.
In addition, the paper employs an Advertising Director, Financial Manager, Business Manager and a Digital Editor.
Their son, Fred Turner then published and edited.
Currently, Sambad boasts of owning the largest printing press facility in the state with the newspaper consisting of 24 pages in colour.
Al-Karmil was a bi-weekly Arabic-language newspaper founded toward the end of Ottoman imperial rule in Palestine.
Suara Merdeka is a daily newspaper in Indonesia based in Semarang, Central Java.
The Item's presidents have all been Dolbeare's heirs—his widow Emma Dolbeare, sons Cyrus and Richard Dolbeare, and now grandson Glenn Dolbeare.
The Sunbury Daily and The Evening Item merged July 1, 1936.
On 16 September 1989, it changed its name to "Ventas Voice".
The headquarters were in Jersey City at Journal Square which was named after the newspaper until relocating to Secaucus in January 2014.
Dos Abend Blatt was a Yiddish language daily newspaper published in New York City, United States.
A Wednesday edition is a combined publication with the Newsgram, a total market coverage product, and carries a masthead of Alva Review-Courier/Newsgram."
Now it's mainly information, village happenings, community happenings, family interest stories like hair cuttings and ear piercing.
In the early 2000s, the News was a member of a coalition of newspapers which brought suit against Auburn University to uncover financial misbehavior by trustees.
A Texas newspaper chain begun by E.S.
Itä-Savo is a Finnish language daily newspaper published in Savonlinna, Finland.
Das Schwarze Korps was the official newspaper of the Schutzstaffel.
Metroland was an alternative newspaper that was published weekly in Albany, New York and mainly served the Capital District area.
It is the French counterpart of the Flemish daily De Tijd which is its sister paper.
Il Liberatore was an Italian language underground publication issued by the Italian section of the Tunisian Communist Party.
The newspaper is distributed free to West Coast suburbs including Milnerton, Table View, Blouberg, West Beach, Parklands, Sunset Beach and Big Bay.
The Beast's longest-serving editor was Allan Uthman.
The Sports Argus was a Saturday sports paper printed on distinctive pink paper and published in Birmingham, England between 1897 and 2006.
A page in Jawi writing was introduced in 2007.
The Reader's format is tabloid size on newsprint; its masthead reads "business, politics, arts and culture".
It has five weekly issues, on Mondays through Saturdays.
The 11th Hour News Weekly is an arts and entertainment alternative weekly published in Macon, Statesboro and Valdosta, Georgia.
It is the oldest and most important German-language newspaper published in South Tyrol, a region where German is spoken by the majority of the inhabitants.
But the style of journalism and coverage of day-to-day affairs were also notably different from other contemporary publications, and won respect well beyond the party ranks.
The Salzburger Nachrichten is a German language newspaper published in Salzburg, Austria.
It is currently owned by The McClatchy Company.
It is the official newspaper of The Jacksonville Bar Association, Duval County Court, and the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Middle District of Florida.
Salam Toronto is the first Persian-English bilingual weekly publication in North America freely distributed and provided to community members living in southern Ontario.
Complete Sports is circulated around Nigeria and some parts of Benin Republic and Cameroun thus making it one of the most circulated newspaper in West Africa.
However, Business Hallmark has now changed its name to Hallmark Newspaper.
Its main focus was to provide voice and due representation to the deprived and marginalised sections of the society.
Gazeta Kombetare is a daily newspaper published in Albania.
Zemra thërret is a newspaper published in Albania.
The Northwest Herald is owned by Shaw Media.
El Anunciador was a Spanish language newspaper that was published in the then Crown colony of Gibraltar between 1885 and 1940.
Doug Manchester, owner of U-T San Diego, bought the North County Times from Lee Enterprises in September 2012 for just under $12 million.
The Mountain Times is a weekly newspaper that serves Boone and other high-country communities in Ashe and Avery counties in western North Carolina, United States.
In the Federalist Era it was aligned with Federalist sentiment.
It claims to have the largest circulation within Tibetan communities both in and outside Asia.
It was founded in 2000 by Kayo and Partners, a respected publishing firm based in Iloilo City and composed of some of Iloilo's finest journalists.
The Herald News is a daily broadsheet newspaper headquartered in Woodland Park, New Jersey, that focuses on the Passaic County, New Jersey area.
AlAyam Publishing was established on 7 March 1989, by a group of young Bahraini journalists which was unique in the Arab world.
It was at that time that it was transformed into the newspaper that is currently published.
The newspaper is distributed in Catholic churches in Canada, through subscription, and on their Internet web site.
Originally it was published bi-weekly on Wednesdays and Saturdays but, since August 2013, only weekly on Saturdays, due to financial constraints.
The MetroWest Daily News is an American daily newspaper published in Framingham, Massachusetts, serving the MetroWest region of suburban Boston.
Vecherniy Bishkek is a daily Russian language newspaper published in Kyrgyzstan.
It was formerly located in the same building as Fairfax Radio 6PR, at 169 Hay Street, Perth, but is now based in Subiaco.
The Cougar publishes on Wednesday during the school year, but stories area added daily to its website presence.
The [030] has belonged to Zitty Verlag GmbH from 2008 - 2015.
The Western Herald is different from many student newspapers.
In 2009, the paper expanded its web presence to publish daily news updates.
The FCC Record was preceded by the FCC Reports, which covered the years 1934–1986.
Monday Morning is the official student media body of National Institute of Technology, Rourkela.
It was initially edited by Vital Borifax.
In 2012, Local World acquired South West Wales Publications owner Northcliffe Media from Daily Mail and General Trust.
A serious flood damaged the company's offices, archives and Goss press in 1998, leading to a relocation of the printing facilities.
Also the following supplements of Aztag are published:
The Putnam Standard was an independent, weekly newspaper covering Putnam County, West Virginia.
ZK also received significant moral support from Blob, Plamenko Muratović, and many others.
Along with the rest of the State Record Company, it merged with the Knight Ridder newspaper chain in 1986.
The Jewish CGT branches were of different political inclinations, a fact that was illustrated by different statements in Der yidisher arbeyter.
Founded by Kentucky native Matthew Duncan as the Illinois Herald in 1814, the printing offices were also used to print early territorial documents.
The Flyer was founded in 1989 by publisher Kenneth Neill.
The next five years, 1990 to 1995, were also big ones for the newspaper.
In October 2013, the newspaper started M&S, a weekend lifestyle supplement with glossy pages.
The newspaper was founded in 1863 as the weekly Seattle Gazette, and was later published daily in broadsheet format.
It has also been described as merely open, critical, and pluralist.
It is owned by the Intact Media Group, which also publishes Jurnalul Național and owns the Antena 1 television network.
The Spotlight Newspapers is made up of 12 weekly newspapers in the suburban communities in the Capital District of New York State.
Burnaby Now is a local newspaper published twice-weekly by Glacier Media to 47,000 residents and businesses in Burnaby, British Columbia, Canada.
Its publisher was newspaper magnate August Scherl, who also owned the Berliner Lokal-Anzeiger, a Berlin paper.
In 2016 Prague Post filed for bankruptcy.
We reject all government and economic repression.
In 2014, the newspapers were spun off to corporate parent Tribune Publishing.
The newspaper is named after the Mississippi Free Press, a civil rights movement newspaper started by a multiracial coalition including Medgar Evers, Rev.
Mr. Bamapada Tripathy,an eminent journalist is the editor of the newspaper.
An edition is currently printed every Thursday.
Politics The Source; and Real Time Brussels, offering analysis on events through the European business day.
Also known as "The Senior Services & Funding Report," Aging News Alert reports on senior programs, new funding and federal actions affecting the elderly.
The publication ceased distribution and closed on May 7, 2009 when it laid off its entire staff.
Their inability to control the newspaper and its management has led to naming calling and vicious attacks.
This newspaper is published by Janambhumi Group of Publications from Nehru Park, Tulshi Narayan Sharma Path, Jorhat.
It serves the West Sound area covering Kitsap, Jefferson, and Mason counties.
It had an average daily print circulation of 716,923 in December 2016.
As of June 2012, Occupy Boston had continued to engage in organized meetings, events and actions.
Gambit is a New Orleans, Louisiana-based free alternative weekly newspaper that was established in 1981.
It was the official media outlet of the Polish United Workers' Party and one of its main propaganda outlets.
The company later purchased the Taunton Daily Gazette.
Two years later, the paper became a daily as the Laredo Daily Times.
The Vineyard Gazette is the only paid circulation newspaper on the island of Martha's Vineyard.
Roughly two thirds of the subscriptions are to institutions, especially but not exclusively in the public sector.
Le Nationaliste was a weekly newspaper and an organ of the Ligue nationaliste, an anti-imperialist and nationalist movement in Quebec, Canada.
The Cochrane Times-Post is a weekly newspaper published on Friday.
The Cincinnati Post was an afternoon daily newspaper published in Cincinnati, Ohio, United States.
It was controlled by the Syro Malabar Church of Kerala from its inception till 1989.
There are around twenty towns in the area, including Blackburn, Burnley, Accrington, Darwen, Nelson, Clitheroe, Colne, and Rawtenstall.
For 20 years it competed with the Waikato Argus, until the papers merged in 1915.
The paper changed its name to Riviresa in January 1963.
It was founded on June 28, 2000 by journalist Mike Hudson.
It is a vocal media supporter of Serbian NGO activities towards human rights and minorities protection.
It was founded in July 1979 by John P. Brum in San Jose, CA.
Abdussalam Puthige, the editor-in-chief of Varthabharati was inspired by veteran journalist Vaddarse Raghuram Shetty, who had launched Mungaru Kannada daily back in 1984.
The Bangla Mirror is a British English-language weekly newspaper marketed to British Bangladeshis.
Hallands Nyheter is a Swedish newspaper, founded by Artur Lagerihn in 1905.
Its regional edition, Ara Balears, is the most popular Catalan language newspaper on the Balearic Islands.
It has been published continuously since 1890.
The Seward Journal is a weekly newspaper covering issues in the City of Seward, Alaska.
The DJC is read by business professionals in industries such as construction industry, architecture, engineering, commercial real estate, and law.
The Herald was founded as a weekly in 1904 by brothers-in-law Tom Jordan and W.G.
Bauer und Arbeiter was a German-language communist newspaper published in Baku in 1924.
It is owned by Newhouse Newspapers, a division of Advance Publications.
The Cushing Citizen is a newspaper founded in 1895 as the community newspaper of local town Cushing, Oklahoma.
Afghanistan Group of Newspapers is a group of print media in Afghanistan which includes The Daily Afghanistan and prominent English paper The Daily Outlook Afghanistan.
Technically and aesthetically the site stands visitor friendly with ease of browsing.
It has served Henderson, Transylvania and Polk counties in the Blue Ridge Mountains of Western North Carolina since 1927.
It claims to be "the world’s biggest weekly motorcycle newspaper".
It consisted of two editions, each with a circulation of about 30,000.
The publication has been on a weekly schedule during the academic school year with bi-weekly publication during summer.
For many years, 'Patra Navhe Mitra' was the tagline of the newspaper.
L'Économiste is a francophone business newspaper published in Morocco.
The first Barre-Montpelier Times Argus was published on August 30, 1959.
It publishes a daily edition from Monday to Friday and a weekend edition on Saturday and Sunday.
It was founded on December 4, 1990, as Siglo XXI, but following its sale in 1998, the name was changed to its current form.
Arthur Crispien worked as editor of Volkswacht 1910-1912.
The publication covers several counties in northwest Oklahoma and is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc.
It has a circulation of 5867, of whom 5732 are subscribers.
BUP in turn was owned by the Northcliffe Newspaper Group, part of the Daily Mail & General Trust group.
Burevestnik was a newspaper published daily from Petrograd, Russia.
Al Jazirah is a daily Arabic newspaper published in Saudi Arabia.
In 1969-1990 it was awarding annually the Ukrainian Footballer of the Year to players who played for the Ukrainian clubs in the Soviet football competitions.
Trybuna was a Polish left-wing newspaper, often seen as the outlet of the post-communist factions.
Amongst the notable figures working for The Cyprus Times was Nikos Sampson.
The paper has an average circulation of 5,311.
This was five years before Pamela Wilder founded the non-profit drug rehab "New Directions for Women" in 1977 through the Junior League of Orange County.
It continued to refer to its language as 'Persian' though.
The Buffalo Center Tribune is a weekly newspaper published in Buffalo Center, Iowa in the United States.
It was one of the three primary newspapers of the country.
The company was founded in 2000 by John Tang and a group of Chinese-American Falun Gong practitioners.
The Portland Daily Sun published its final issue on December 23, 2014.
L'Arena is an Italian local daily newspaper, based in Verona, Italy.
Its final issue was published June 26, 2013.The final editor was Russ Ullyot and the final publisher was Shawn Cornell.
The Express is known for its investigative and longform news and feature stories, along with its award-winning arts, food, and wine coverage.
The last known issue of the paper is dated 28 February 1973.
What's Up is an alternative weekly newspaper circulated every Wednesday in El Paso, Texas, Ciudad Juárez, México, and nearby Las Cruces, New Mexico.
At the end of a Congressional session, the statutes enacted during that session are compiled into bound books, known as "session law" publications.
It was published by the Poale Zion Publishing Association.
It publishes twice a week, on Wednesday and Sunday.
Zadarski list is a Croatian daily newspaper.
It is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc., who purchased it from Knight Ridder in 1997.
Articles include Florida business developments, biographical profiles, industry reports, and a news round-up titled "Around the State".
La Kabylie française was a French language radical socialist weekly newspaper published from Tizi-Ouzou, Algeria.
Since the mid 90s Das Echo has earned a steadily growing number of subscriptions from the United States.
The Nation is a daily newspaper published in Lagos, Nigeria.
The Neue Zürcher Zeitung is a Swiss, German-language daily newspaper, published by NZZ Mediengruppe in Zurich.
Its headquarters are in New Delhi, with printing presses in Gurgaon and Noida.
As of 2017, most newspapers are now published online as well as in print.
After financial struggles and falling sales it was eventually merged with its long-time rival the Evening Standard in 1980.
It is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc.
It is owned by Messenger Post Newspapers, a division of GateHouse Media.
The Burlington County Times is a daily newspaper located in Willingboro Township, New Jersey, U.S.
It is the only daily serving Wayne County, Pennsylvania.
These are usually published at the time of occurrence so breaking news can be distributed sooner than the weekly issue.
Its head offices are in Yangon, with additional bureaus in Mandalay and Nay Pyi Taw.
The Northwest Asian Weekly is a weekly Asian American newspaper based in Seattle, Washington's International District.
Cherwell is an independent student newspaper, largely published for students of Oxford University.
The News and Star is a local tabloid newspaper in Cumbria.
It was bought by News Corporation in 1987 along with its new sister paper, the Gold Coast Bulletin.
The Dirt bridges the gap between your daily newspaper and your favorite blogs.
In 1994, the university named the headquarters of the paper the Dan Rather Communications Building.
There is also coverage of Florida restaurants, resorts, professions, the environment and politics.
Armstrong Advertiser is a newspaper in Armstrong, British Columbia, published weekly on Wednesday.
The print location of Jaipur was discontinued from June 2006 and that of Nagpur edition was discontinued from September 1997.
NJToday.net is New Jersey's oldest weekly newspaper in both its printed and online formats.
The paper was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service in 2006 for its coverage of Hurricane Katrina.
The Scotsman is a Scottish compact newspaper and daily news website published from Edinburgh.
It was published as a print daily newspaper between 2007 and 2012.
The newspaper includes news, sports, features, opinions and special sections, as well as the weekly entertainment section "The Verge."
The paper is published by Booth Newspapers, owned by Advance Publications.
The newspaper originated in 1865 as the Glasgow Times weekly newspaper.
The Washington City Paper is a U.S. alternative weekly newspaper serving the Washington, D.C., metropolitan area.
The Ionia Sentinel-Standard is a Tuesday through Saturday newspaper published in Ionia in the US state of Michigan.
It is printed six times a week.
In March 2008, Chris Mobley was named the group publisher of the Daily Report and the Daily Business Review in South Florida.
The paper publishes separate daily editions in Spanish and in Catalan.
It has been independently owned and operated since 1991 .
Editorial offices are located in Cincinnati, Ohio, USA.
The Macquarie Group bought Bulletin parent company American Consolidated Media in 2007.
This link economy brought The Westminster a reputation in some circles as "the most powerful paper in Britain".
It was started in 2010 and banned in 2013.
Established in 1915, Purchasing magazine was published 12 times per year.
The newspaper also offers commercial job print services, book and catalog printing, as well as ruling and bonding services.
The Mississauga News is part of the Peel and Southwest Division of Metroland Media Group, a subsidiary of Torstar.
The big newspapers, magazines, TV and radio do that all day long.
The Prince Albert Daily Herald is a daily newspaper serving the city of Prince Albert, Saskatchewan, Canada, and the surrounding area.
The New Times Online was launched in 2006.
Judith Patrick was named Editor in 2012.
It also publishes a smaller preview paper called the Drogheda Weekender and near Halloween, a paranormal section.
The Casper Star-Tribune is a newspaper published in Casper, Wyoming.
The headquarters of the newspaper was destroyed by arson in an act of political sabotage.
The final edition was published Wednesday, February 22, 2017.
The Raleigh Register developed into a modern daily newspaper and began seven-day publication on June 6, 1923.
On November 16, 2006, the company announced a 7.4% increase in its dividend to an annual rate of USD1.30 per common share from the previous USD1.21.
In February 2015, Northeast Utilities and all of its operating companies became one large company known as Eversource Energy.
It is owned by the Punjab Kesari group.
The Hollister Free Lance is an American weekly newspaper published in Hollister, California and distributed in San Benito County, California.
Janadina was a Sinhala-language daily newspaper published in Sri Lanka.
Capitol reporters focus their coverage on health care, education, child welfare, the state budget and politics.
The Midland Reporter-Telegram is a daily newspaper in Midland, Texas.
The paper was jointly operated with the Tulsa Tribune from 1941 to 1992.
Kinmen Daily News was transferred to the current owner, and continued to be published daily.
Irish Medical News is an independent quality bi-weekly newspaper for doctors and health professionals working in Ireland.
Shoshone News Press is a U.S. daily newspaper distributed primarily in Shoshone County, Idaho.
CL Atlanta's current editor is Debbie Michaud.
It was published by the independent publishing house Razlog.
It was launched in 1981 and in 2004 was renamed Courier Journal as part of a merger with its sister paper, the Oxford Journal.
stated that a machine is "a device for applying power or changing its direction."
Isis magazine has been the springboard for careers in literature, the theatre and television, with its specific influences in Private Eye and Westminster politics.
On 3 January 1971 it was renamed The Sunday Independent.
The Oxymoron is a student satirical magazine published anonymously by and for students of Oxford University.
Its origin dates back to as early as 1903.
The Essex County Standard is a weekly newspaper, published in Colchester, Essex.
El Diario de Ferrol is a Galician newspaper founded in Ferrol, Spain, in 1996.
In January 2008, the paper was disbanded.
The company is the successor to a number of older papers.
Its name was changed to the Hometown Journal in October 2006 after current publisher and owner Nancy Johngrass took control of the publication.
In 1983 the Boundary Creek Times was revived and continues to be published to present.
Heraldo de Aragón is a Spanish language regional daily newspaper published in Saragossa, Spain.
One year later, in August 2015, the paper began publishing on Monday and Thursday.
It was sold to Francis Borin in 1915 and moved to Courtland where it was renamed The Courtland Journal.
Gândul is a Romanian daily newspaper published in Bucharest.
Both papers are owned by Gannett Company, which purchased Herald News parent North Jersey Media Group in 2016.
The Statesman benefits from the culture and writing heritage of Austin.
D H Lawrence published his first short story in the Post's sister paper, the Nottinghamshire Weekly Guardian.
IBD provides information about stocks, mutual funds, ETFs, commodities, and other financial instruments aimed at individual investors and financial professionals.
The Petit Paumé's aim is to design and to distribute a critical and free guide of the city of Lyon.
It became a primarily Internet-based daily news operation while continuing to publish twice-weekly free paper supplements.
The title has its own Facebook page at www.facebook.com/newsguardianseries
Hamevasser rebutted claims circulated by other contemporary press outlets, which stated that Zionism was anti-Turkish.
Il Mondo was an Italian afternoon political newspaper with headquarters in Rome.
The legal newspaper entered as second class matter at the U. S. Post Office is the Alva Review-Courier.
The former Bishop of Pittsburgh, Donald Wuerl, was generally seen as a conservative bishop.
The Hull Daily Mail is produced every day except for Sunday and has a readership of around 170,000.
American Medical News was an American newspaper that covered business, policy, public health and legal issues affecting physician practices.
This journalism is based on long in-depth pieces, investigative journalism and political analyses.
Tegna sold the business to Los Angeles-based Regent Companies in March 2016.
The Idaho Press-Tribune is the second-oldest active newspaper in Idaho, first printing in December 1883.
the Noise is a monthly newspaper serving the cities of Flagstaff, Prescott, Sedona, Cottonwood, Jerome, Clarkdale, and Winslow in northern Arizona.
The Texas Tribune, like Voice of San Diego and MinnPost before it, is part of a trend toward nonprofit journalism with an all-digital platform.
The Green Bay News-Chronicle was a daily newspaper published in Green Bay, Wisconsin from 1972 to 2005.
The first edition hit the streets on 13 April 2007, and ever since, the publication is growing strong with an estimated 8,000 editions printed every month.
Bill Racke was the last editor, ceasing publication on 24 April 1963.
The publication is staffed by Editor and reporter Rob Borkowski and Staff Photographer Erin Prawoko.
The newspaper is one of the most widely read dailies in Aruba.
The paper is published by Mail News & Media.
Its satellite publications include Financial Review Smart Investor, Financial Review Asset and BRW.
In May 1847 Edmund Stirling acquired The Inquirer from Francis Lochée, who established the paper in August 1840 together with William Tanner.
It focuses on political analysis, investigative reporting, Southern African news, local arts, music and popular culture.
Established in 1822 and formerly known as the News Record, NJToday.net offers local news coverage of communities throughout Union and Middlesex counties in New Jersey.
An American edition of The Times has been published since 6 June 2006.
His sister Flaka Surroi is now the publisher, following Veton Surroi's launch of his political career within the ORA reformist party.
The newspaper was established in 1933 and is owned by The New Indian Express Group.
It is printed three days a week, on Sundays, Wednesdays and Fridays.
John Schrag served as the first publisher, with Kevin Harden, Jim Redden, and Jennifer Anderson as the news team.
The Princeton Packet is a weekly newspaper serving the Princeton, New Jersey area.
Initially it was a weekly newspaper, but was converted into a fortnightly and later into a monthly publication.
The organization publishes two magazines, in English and in Yiddish and websites updated daily in both languages via a pay model.
The Eagle-Tribune is a seven-day morning daily newspaper covering the Merrimack Valley and Essex County, Massachusetts, and southern New Hampshire.
Simultaneously, the Gazette seeks cordial relations with all ethnicities and nationalities."
In 1998, Guy Gannett's newspapers were sold to Blethen Maine Newspapers, a subsidiary of The Seattle Times Company.
Southern president Glenn J. Sedam then became publisher, a position he held until 1981.
In 2013, Quench transitioned to a monthly format, and is now editorially independent of gair rhydd.
The Daily News began publishing on March 31, 1925, under founding editor Lee Ellmaker.
La Opinión is a Spanish-language daily newspaper published in Los Angeles, California, USA and distributed throughout the six counties of Southern California.
In 1952, it changed its name from The Evening Kansan-Republican to The Newton Kansan.
It is one of the oldest weekly newspapers in the United Kingdom, publishing its first edition in 1772.
Frederick William Oxley was on board by this time.
Athens Voice also organizes free admission events and parties.
It is often distributed freely across New Jersey and especially around Harlem in New York City.
It was merged into its leading Liberal rival, Daily News on 1 February 1928.
After its circulation increased from 55,700 in 1971 to 300,000 in 1998, the fall of Suharto caused circulation to plummet to 3,000.
Al-Qabas is an Arabic daily Kuwaiti newspaper published by Dar Al Qabas Press Printing Publishing and Distribution Company in Kuwait City.
Commonly known as The Pilot, it is Virginia's largest daily.
Its tone is abrasive, direct and irreverent, running sensationalist stories that other newspapers won't touch.
Elkhabar is a daily newspaper in Algeria published seven days a week in the tabloid format.
CHR posts Federal Register housing/community development notices, plus related federal notices and announcements.
The Light gained national attention in 1979 due to its reporting on a cult, Synanon, and the Pulitzer Prize awarded to the paper for this coverage.
AnnArbor.com was an online newspaper that covered local news of Ann Arbor, Michigan and the surrounding Washtenaw County, Michigan.
Heavy equipment refers to heavy-duty vehicles, specially designed for executing construction tasks, most frequently ones involving earthwork operations.
The editorial office is currently located in Warsaw.
The Voice Daily is a newspaper published in Burma.
Journal-News is intended to be a full-size daily newspaper with minimal coverage of Cincinnati and Dayton.
The Garfield Thomas Watertunnel was a counterculture underground newspaper based in University Park, Pennsylvania.
Former Publishers include Karen C. Green, Rabbi David Nasenoff and Mayer Fertig.
As of August 2006, it has published over 4,500 issues, making it the longest continuously published newspaper in Belize since 1950.
Its editorial offices are in Witham, Essex UK and its editor is Rachel Westall.
Some numbers contain a fourth part devoted to contemporary testimonies.
It was the monthly organ of the Intersektionen Byuro, the coordination of Jewish trade union branches of the CGT.
Called the Herald or the WKU Herald for short, the publication is supported through the sale of advertising and is entirely student-run.
Sankei Sports is a Japanese language daily sports newspaper published by Sankei Shimbun.
Veteran journalist and ex-Rajya Sabha member, Dr. Barjinder Singh Hamdard, is the current editor-in-chief.
It has been published since 29 May 1968.
At first, the newspaper was published by the company Gospodarski Vestnik.
Israel's columns denounced Federalists and their local organ, the Pittsburgh Gazette, and promoted the Democratic-Republican principles expressed by Thomas Jefferson.
The modern version of the paper is published in tabloid format.
Al-Seyassah is a Kuwaiti daily newspaper published by Dar Al Seyassah Press Publishing Printing and Distribution Co.
The newspaper is owned and published by The Whitley Wiz, Inc. a Forcht Group of Kentucky Company.
In 1964 it was converted as a daily.
Vilniaus diena is the Lithuanian language newspaper printed in Lithuania’s capital city Vilnius and attributed for the city.
Jermaine Craig is the executive editor of the Cape Argus.
The Dickinsonian is funded by the College and revenues from advertising and subscriptions.
Seven Days is an alternative weekly newspaper that is distributed every Wednesday in Vermont.
Since 2006, the Tripod has been arranged with five sections, in order, News, Opinions, Features, Arts and Sports.
Navodaya Times  is a Hindi-language newspaper established in 2013 and published from Delhi.
City Pages is an alternative newspaper serving the Minneapolis–St.
An earlier proposal, which would have seen rival Johnston Press purchase the papers, was rejected by the Competition Commission.
In September 2007 the Chronicle office moved to 2 Wainui Rd.
Its name refers to the Bayview-Hunters Point neighborhood.
Both newspapers share editorial teams and regional news reports.
Jabotinsky contributed with several articles to Hamevasser.
Education Update is an American non-profit monthly newspaper, published in New York City.
The Explorer Newspaper is a weekly newspaper in Tucson, Arizona, United States.
After Juan Perón's election in 1946, the publishing company was taken over by Peronistas, who forced the paper to take their line.
Today's Sunbeam was a daily newspaper in Salem, New Jersey, United States.
A+; its first edition was published in 2000.
The paper was known as the Western Normal Herald from 1916–27.
The Star Courier is an American daily newspaper published in Kewanee, Illinois.
It is the only English language print newspaper covering all three Baltic states.
It is registered with the Registrar of Newspapers for India.
The tabloid-sized paper is published monthly during the summer and every Wednesday during the regular Fall-Winter university session.
Västra Nyland is a regional Swedish-language newspaper in Finland.
In June 2007, Bailey had been promoted to Editor-in-Chief of all five Post newspapers.
Its 3000th edition was published on January 29, 2006.
Its own motto, "Aims for Progress," reflected the views of those who saw incorporation as a step into the modern age.
In 1962, Joe D. Smith, Jr. became publisher of The Town Talk.
StreetWise is a street magazine sold by people without homes or those at-risk for homelessness in Chicago.
In 2011 Molod Ukrayiny refused services of its original publisher and began to be published independently.
The Independent covered everything from community events, school issues & family milestones to local crimes and tragedies.
Initially published on weekdays, a Saturday edition was added in May 2015.
It also has a good record in picking up quirky and bizarre stories which would otherwise not be publicised.
a minute-sized newspaper giving the stories in a condensed form, it includes many sections, which make the paper very rich in contents.
The Longford Leader is published weekly on a Wednesday throughout Longford and the surrounding counties.
It is owned by The McClatchy Company.
Queen's Campus in Stockton-on-Tees also receives copies.
Jonathan Shainin of Salon.com also wrote in 2005 that the eXile "ran serious press criticism salted with vicious personal attacks on reporters."
The Sun Advocate is a bi-weekly newspaper located in Price, Utah, United States and serving all of the surrounding Carbon County.
The Wyandotte Echo is the official newspaper for the Wyandotte County Unified Government and the 29th District of Kansas Courts.
Issues of La Voz de Chincha carried between 4 and 8 pages, with a size of 45 x 36 centrimetres.
The paper has been described as the "go-to publication for reporting on school information, birth announcements, local government issues and opinions" in Beverly Hills.
It was launched by the Mongolian news agency Montsame.
Some of the staff evacuated in advance of the storm to Columbus, Georgia, where then-owner Knight Ridder owned the Ledger-Enquirer.
Pluralism and diversity were reflected on the pages of Tanin.
Zëri i së vërtetës is a newspaper published in Albania.
It is known for its left-wing and liberal stances on domestic and foreign issues.
Chosun Ilbo and its subsidiary company, Digital Chosun, operates the Chosun.com news website, which also publishes web versions of the newspaper in English, Chinese, and Japanese.
The Spinnaker office is located in UNF's Student Union.
By comparison, the same article reported the A-section of The Tennessean had at that time reached 365,700 readers weekly.
The Gazette covered community events, school issues, family milestones, local crimes and tragedies.
Since 2009, it has only been printed twice a week.
The Review became a daily newspaper in 1934, but now serves as a bi-weekly paper along with the Eden Daily News and Madison Messenger.
Isthmus is a member of the Association of Alternative Newsmedia, a North American trade association of alternative newsweeklies.
The POST's Time Out section has arts coverage; reviews of films, books and restaurants; and an agony aunt column by Wayne and Tamara Mitchell.
The publication was named the Best Hispanic Weekly in the United States by The National Association of Hispanic Publications at the 2014 José Martí Awards ceremony.
The Argus Observer is owned by Wick Communications.
The owners decided to cease publication on 1 April 2009, due to low advertising revenue caused by the 2009 economic crisis.
After Williams left Crawdaddy in 1968, the magazine was edited by Knobler from 1972 until its last issue in 1979.
Recently, the company began to expand their operations by increasing their Web presence.
