Ultimately most of the tenants came to the King's court in London and acknowledged the Abbey's right to certain feudal aids.
He was the son of Bernard II of Werle and Elizabeth, daughter of John III, Count of Holstein-Plön.
He became starost of Halych and Czorsztyn.
Adelheid of Nassau, who became a nun at Keppel, and later became an Abbess.
The couple were educated and frequently travelled with their growing brood of children to the continent.
He was a son of Gustavus Adolph and his wife Magdalene Sibylle née Duchess of Schleswig-Holstein-Gottorp, a daughter of Frederick III.
He married Euphemia, daughter of Henry III, Duke of Mecklenburg, but he remained childless and died young, before 9 September 1378.
Floris II, Count of Holland was the first from the native dynasty of Holland to be called Count of Holland.
In 1703, Erdmann II inherited his father's vast estates.
Her posthumous brother Ladislaus, Duke of Austria succeeded, very underage, as king of Bohemia and later also as king of Hungary.
Effingham was appointed an aide-de-camp to the King on 20 August 1749, and received the colonelcy of the 34th Regiment of Foot on 2 December 1754.
Tristan de Clermont became Count of Cupertino by his wife's dowry.
He was an educational activist, member of the Commission of National Education and the initiator and president of Society for Elementary Textbooks.
Charlotte d'Armagnac, Duchess of Nemours, married Charles de Rohan
After the early death of his father, Ocko II tom Brok was Chieftain of the Brokmerland and the Auricherland in East Frisia.
He continued to rise in the Army, and was made lieutenant and lieutenant-colonel in the 1st Troop of Horse Grenadier Guards on 15 July 1731.
Prince Jerzy Zbaraski was a Polish–Lithuanian szlachcic.
Snorri consistently speaks of Tora as concubine and maidservant, which tends to produce the wrong connotations.
He lived in the reclusive Château de Montfaucon, near Besançon, until his death.
Notwithstanding this, he is not mentioned in any classical text and cannot be considered to be historical.
Bogusław Leszczyński, count of Leszno from the Leszczyński Family of Holy Roman Empire counts, was a Polish noble and politician from Wielkopolska region.
Jacques-Melchior Saint-Laurent, Comte de Barras was a French Admiral of the eighteenth century.
His Hofmeister Johann Christoph Buch accompanied him on several long journeys to perfect his foreign language skills.
After Reginald's death in 1322, his daughter Joanna inherited his lands.
Margaret had a sister, Joan de Fiennes, whose daughter, Margaret Wake, was the mother of Joan of Kent.
Between 1592 and 1610, he was also administrator of the Bishopric of Ratzeburg.
During his brother's life, he was secondary to him.
He was the son of Count Adolph III, who had founded the elder Waldeck-Landau in 1397, and his wife, Agnes of Ziegenhain.
She was the subject of a portrait by Hans Holbein the Younger.
He was Lord Lieutenant of Kent from 1737.
The discovery legend of the Madonna Bołszowiecka relates that during one of battles against Tatars, Hetman Kazanowski discovered the icon of the Blessed Virgin.
He married Catherine de Valois of Burgundy, daughter of Philip II, Duke of Burgundy, in 1393.
Edward Stafford, 3rd Duke of Buckingham KG was an English nobleman.
In 1370 he succeeded his grandfather as the Duke or Prince of Lüneburg.
Maximilian I, Prince of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen was a German nobleman.
Marie of Harcourt was Countess of Aumale and Baroness of Elbeuf from 1452 to 1476.
Otto VIII, Count of Hoya was the last ruling Count of Hoya.
Sir James de Berkeley married Elizabeth Bluet; one of their sons was James Berkeley, 1st Baron Berkeley
Sir Thomas Perrot was an Elizabethan courtier, soldier, and Member of Parliament.
After Ulrich's death in 1466 she took over the official business of the house Cirksena.
She was assisted by a council, led by Bonow.
Marie Marguerite de Valois was the natural daughter of King Charles VII of France and his mistress Agnès Sorel.
He was the grandfather of Henry VII, founder of the Tudor dynasty.
Pons the Younger, did not inherit his county or march.
Starost of Sieradz, Gostyń, Sochaczew, Nowokrocze and Łuków.
Robert de Vere, hereditary Master Chamberlain of England, was son of Aubrey de Vere, 1st Earl of Oxford, and Agnes of Essex.
He succeeded his father in 1346 as Count of Perche.
He was a prominent lawyer and a trusted councillor of King Henry VIII, and was elected Speaker of the House of Commons in 1515.
A fidelis of Louis the Pious, Ricwin was named count in the Nantais and the Breton March after the exile of Lambert I.
Ada, Abbess at Rijnsburg from 1239 until her death
They had two children, Konstanty, born in Trakai in 1553, and Zofia, born in Zhytomir the following year.
Ruđina Balšić was a Serbian and Albanian noblewoman from the Balšić family.
They had seven sons and two daughters:
He was named military governor of Guienne in 1622, where he lived quietly for more than ten years in the Château de Cadillac.
John, who married Agnes and had Beatrice of Burgundy, heiress of Bourbon
He was a son of Count Rorgon I of Maine and Bilichildis, who were thus most likely the parents of Bernard's wife as well.
Elizabeth Southwell, called Lady Cromwell was an English noblewoman, the only daughter of Vere Essex Cromwell, 4th Earl of Ardglass and wife Catherine Hamilton.
The Duke and Duchess of Cleves lived at Wijnendale Castle in West Flanders.
Boček I of Poděbrady was founder of the Poděbrady line of the House of Kunštát.
About 1003/4 he married Maud of Normandy, a daughter of Richard I of Normandy.
He was the second son of Count Ermengol IV of Urgell and Adelaide, heiress of Count William Bertrand of Provence.
He died a prisoner in a galley, unable to pay his ransom, and was succeeded by his nephew, Pregent de La Fin.
Also in 1477, John's brother Conrad travelled to Rome with John of Roden and his wife Lucke.
Seven years later, his stepfather, the Emperor Conrad II, married him to Adelaide of Susa, the marchioness of Turin, in January 1037.
Fernán González grew up in the castle of Lara, where his father had begun the process of reuniting the fractured counties of Old Castile.
He succeeded his father as Margrave of Baden-Baden in 1297, and ruled jointly with his uncle, Rudolf III.
Guy was the second son of William II of Dampierre and Margaret II of Flanders.
He graduated from Nowodworski College in Kraków and Kraków Academy, then traveled and studied in Western Europe.
In 1479, his nephew Bogislaw X, Duke of Pomerania, negotiated the Peace of Prenzlau.
His likeness appeared on the now-obsolete Portuguese five-escudo banknote.
He was also the son-in-law of Muhammad bin Abdul Wahhab.
His parents were João Fernandes Pacheco and his wife Estevaínha Lopes de Paiva, daughter of Lope Rodrigues de Paiva and Teresa Martins Xira.
Granddaughter of John II of Aragón and Blanche I of Navarre.
Federico I Gonzaga was marquess of Mantua from 1478 to 1484, as well as a condottiero.
With his second wife, Anne Castelet de Monier, he had a son, Jean-Louis, known as the Sieur de La Valette.
She was a daughter of Gaston IV, Count of Foix and Eleanor of Navarre.
When Charles the Bald deposed Bernard of Septimania in 842, he installed Acfred in Toulouse in July.
She was a duchess in Prussia by birth and by marriage Duchess of Mecklenburg.
After Sabina Catherine died in childbirth giving birth to her eleventh child, in 1618, John ruled Rietberg alone until his death in 1625.
After Berengar's deposition, she was held captive in a German nunnery.
John and Mary were the parents of
Alexander died in 1449, having greatly extended his family's landed wealth and power.
Duke Eberhard Louis was the tenth duke of Württemberg, from 1692 until 1733.
Countess Palatine Barbara of Zweibrücken-Neuburg was a Countess Palatine of Zweibrücken by birth and by marriage Countess of Oettingen-Oettingen.
At the end of 1421 the truce was signed and lasted until May 1422.
One of his descendants of the fifteenth century claimed Tancred of Hauteville as ancestor.
Zygmunt Gloger in his book Historical Geography of the Lands of Old Poland gives a detailed description of Lublin Voivodeship together with the Land of Łuków:
The latter Matilda was the mother of his successor Meinhard III.
Ostrogski was one of the richest magnates of the Commonwealth, and the last of the male line of the family.
Sir Edward Poynings KG was an English soldier, administrator and diplomat, and Lord Deputy of Ireland under King Henry VII of England.
He died suddenly on October 15 during the siege of the Moscow Kremlin.
Pousa died sometime between 1222 and 15 March 1255.
His brother, who went on to become the sole ruler of Catalonia, was credited by popular opinion of having orchestrated this murder.
He signed his brother's donation to Saint-Victor de Marseille in April 970 and to Cluny on 28 August 990.
Following death of Vytautas he continued his duties under Švitrigaila and sided with him against Vytautas' brother Sigismund Kęstutaitis.
Not to be confused with Charlotte Stanley, Countess of Derby.
He held the position of head of Gora ispánate in 1256.
Her two successive husbands were Theobald II de Verdun and Roger d'Amory.
Dérogeance") was grievance for persons who did acts deemed unworthy of the noble status.
He succeeded his father as Count of Maine, Guise, Mortain and Gien in 1472.
Philipp III of Hanau-Lichtenberg) was the third Count of Hanau-Lichtenberg.
Lady Frances was the second wife of William Seymour, 2nd Duke of Somerset, and the mother of his seven children.
He raised his grandson and successor Ludwig Wilhelm.
She was born to Thomas Fermor, 1st Earl of Pomfret and his wife Henrietta Louisa Jeffreys, both of whom held court appointments.
Erik Johansson Vasa was the Lord of Rydboholm Castle in the Roslagen.
Hugh, called the Great, was a younger son of Henry I of France and Anne of Kiev and younger brother of Philip I.
He was held prisoner until 1429 at Le Crotoy, paying 200,000 saluts d'or for his ransom.
He is buried at Wymondham Abbey, Norfolk, England.
In 1521 he accompanied Thomas Cajetan to Buda as his interpreter.
General Major of the Crown Army, Lieutenant General since 1753, Great Sword-bearer of the Crown since 1754.
After the death of her sister Sophia in 1837, Augusta was appointed State Housekeeper of Kensington Palace by her father.
The Pope ruled William's marriage to Agnes as illegitimate and Marie was given the throne.
Warenne was later appointed a Guardian of Scotland and featured prominently in Edward I's wars in Scotland.
Vuk is most well known as head of the Karlovac generalate.
However soon Pousa and other Emeric-partisan lords had lost their influence, he was replaced by Lawrence Atyusz as Judge royal and his career ended.
In the late Middle Ages, Pilzno was burned twice.
Both Edmund and his brother Jasper, were each made advisers to the King as they were his remaining blood relatives.
Hugh IV of Burgundy was Duke of Burgundy between 1218 and 1272.
In 1469, he married Margaret, the daughter of Duke Henry the Peaceful of Brunswick-Lüneburg.
Henry V, the Elder of Brunswick, a member of the House of Welf, was Count Palatine of the Rhine from 1195 until 1213.
Composed several pieces of music, among them "Amors m'est u cuer entree" and "Se kascuns del monde savoit".
His name Secondotto may derive from his being the second Otto to rule Montferrat in his own right, though he would really be Otto III.
By marriage, he was also Count of Aumale and Baron of Elbeuf from 1452 to 1458.
He was the son of the reigning Count Frederick and his wife Francisca Charlotte, née Countess of Lippe.
Otho IV, Count of Burgundy was the son of Hugh de Châlons and Adelaide, Countess Palatine of Burgundy.
On a number of occasions he was in service of Stanisław I Leszczyński, the principal rival of Augustus II for the throne of Poland.
After his death, his sons divided Werle between themselves.
He aspired to independence in the face of Charles Martel, Duke of the Franks, and the Provençal patrician Abbo.
His father was Rathold Rátót, ispán of Somogy County in 1203.
He was finally condemned to death by the parlement and beheaded, 4 Aug 1477.
Godfrey did not back down, however, and killed Adalbert in battle.
Louis, Prince of Achaea, married Matilda of Hainaut
Engeltrude, whose son was Eberhard of Friuli
It is unknown how he came to the position; it might have been through the primogeniture principles, however, there is no definite answer.
After Edward's death he was arrested and then executed by Richard, Duke of Gloucester as part of a power-struggle between Richard and the Woodvilles.
Otic was son of Escrivà Galceran de Borja and his wife Isabel de Moncada, Moncada Ot daughter of his second wife, Constança Diec.
Prince Teodor Lubomirski was a Polish nobleman.
She was also the suo jure Dame de Chalus, a title she inherited from her mother Charlotte of Albret.
House of Skoropadsky is the family of the heir to the throne of Ukraine and the title Hetman founded in 1918.
In 955, he became a vassal of Hugh the Great, count of Paris and married his oldest daughter, Lieutgard, to Hugh's son Otto of Paris.
Duke William lured them into an ambush and defeated them completely.
Even during the turmoil of the Thirty Years' War Ulrich managed to build a Lustschloss for his wife at Sandhorst.
Serving many Duchy rulers he managed to gain and hold tremendous wealth and thus he became one of the richest noblemen of Lithuania.
His participation in the Battle of Bouvines in 1214, was decisive in the French victory.
In 902, Ebles, with the assistance of William the Pious, a distant relative, conquered Poitiers while Aymar was away, and reestablished himself in his former position.
Eric ruled Mecklenburg-Schwerin jointly with his brothers Henry V and Albert VII and his uncle Balthasar after his father's death on 27 December 1503.
Under King Władysław IV Vasa, he also participated in the wars against the Russian Tsardom.
Tancred's vacant Galilean principality was granted to Hugh.
In 1733 he declared and crowned Stanisław I Leszczyński as the successor of August II on the Polish throne.
The first certain mention regards 1154, when the Byzantine-Hungarian war was underway, with engagements in the Danube area.
Henry Edward Cubitt, 4th Baron Ashcombe, was a British peer.
Frederick III of Brandenburg, nicknamed the Fat, also the Younger was Margrave of the Brandenburg and Lord of the Altmark.
In 1733 during the War of the Polish Succession he again supported Stanisław I Leszczyński.
Amaury VI de Montfort was the son of the elder Simon de Montfort and Alice of Montmorency, and the brother of the younger Simon de Montfort.
Kaspar, Count Palatine of Zweibrücken and Veldenz was Duke of Zweibrücken from 1489 to 1490.
He had three children, of whom James became bishop of Tournai
^ a b Theodore Evergates, The Aristocracy in the County of Champagne, 1100–1300,, 217.
He died November 14, 1398 and was succeeded by his deputy, Jakub Plichta.
His first wife, Alice of Norfolk, the granddaughter of Edward I, died as the result of an assault committed by Montagu and his retainers.
He died at an advanced age, of the plague, in 1441, one day after his stepmother Gela died.
Lt.-Col. Count Stefan Zamoyski served as an aide-de-camp to Polish Prime Minister-in-exile Wladislaw Sikorski in London.
She was the second wife of the Elector Palatine Louis III, whom she married on 30 November 1417.
From his father he inherited the reign over almost all of East Frisia, albeit without the Harlingerland.
Despite his position, Reventlow devoted his life to his family and the maintenance of his estates, showing very little interest in life at court.
Sophia built new churches in the abbeys of Egmond and Rijnsburg.
Róża Maria; wed, on 16 September 1969, to Belgian nobleman Jean Michel Maus de Rolley:
Count Frederick IV of Oettingen was archbishop of Eichstätt from 1383 until his death.
William VI of Auvergne was a French count of the historically independent region of Auvergne, today in central France.
She was the daughter of Henry V, Count Palatine of the Rhine.
Louis Frederick of Saxe-Hildburghausen, was a Prince of Saxe-Hildburghausen and General Field Marshal in the Bavarian army.
In 1514 another war with Muscovy started and Ostrogski became the commander in chief of all the Polish and Lithuanian forces.
William Devereux of Frome the younger was a member of a prominent Herefordshire family during the reign of Edward III.
Frederick William of Brandenburg-Schwedt – 4 March 1771, Wildenbruch Castle) was a German nobleman.
George was the first duke to move his residence to Hanover where he laid the foundation for the Leineschloss.
In 1620 she was created suo jure Baroness Offaly by King James I of England.
He is one of the few proven companions of William the Conqueror.
Her paternal grandmother was Katharina of Sweden, a daughter of Gustav I of Sweden and his second wife Margareta Leijonhufvud.
Polish magnates hoped and insisted that thirteen-year-old boy remained only a vicegerent of Wladyslaw III, the Polish King and his brother, in Lithuania.
This is about the 9th-century Japanese statesman.
His elder brother was Alfonso de la Cerda.
The territories of Landgrave Frederick III of Thuringia were particularly hard hit by the forays of Albert and his vassals.
Cangrande II della Scala was Lord of Verona from 1351 until his death.
Stephen II Henry, Count of Blois and Count of Chartres, was the son of Theobald III, count of Blois, and Garsinde du Maine.
Aznar, however, being a relative of his captors, according to Astronomus, was released.
In 1662 he was pardoned by the Sejm.
They had one son, Charles, who did not survive his father.
Aleksander Ignacy Lubomirski was a Polish noble, financier and philanthropist.
Prince Paweł Czartoryski was a Polish historian.
She had two husbands: Hugh Bigod, 3rd Earl of Norfolk, and William de Warenne, 5th Earl of Surrey.
Achilles or Achilleus was a Hungarian noble, who served as Judge Royal in 1201, during the reign of Emeric, King of Hungary.
A charter of 879 mentions Berengar and his brothers taking part in the foundation of the college of Gemünden.
Ursula was the wife of Henry Stafford, 1st Baron Stafford.
Though Charles ruled Lower Lorraine, the Dukes of Lorraine counted him as Charles I of Lorraine.
His brother was Reginar IV, Count of Mons.
Ulrich IV of Pfannberg was Count of Pfannberg from 1287 until his death.
But the French often disregarded their side of the agreement, deporting or interring rulers regarded as instigators of revolt.
Hugh Courtenay was an English soldier and heir apparent to the earldom of Devon.
She had one child with Ligęza, Konstancja Ligęza.
Supported the vivente rege proposals at the Sejms of 1661 and 1662.
Anastasia, married in 1624 to Count Konrad Wilhelm of Tübingen.
He built it in the territory of Eudes I, Count of Blois, and they fought a battle over it in 994.
Pac, his wife and their son, were all buried in the cemetery of the Pažaislis monastery.
She was the wife of George Boleyn, 2nd Viscount Rochford, brother of Henry's second wife, Anne Boleyn.
Although William was married thrice, but each time without a legitimate son.
He was succeeded by his young son Boniface.
Otto I, Count of Scheyern was the most ancient ancestor of the House of Wittelsbach whose relation with the House can be properly verified.
Rembieliński owned estates in Jedwabne, Krośniewice and Giełczyn.
Skule Bårdsson or Duke Skule was a Norwegian nobleman and claimant to the royal throne against his son-in-law, King Haakon Haakonsson.
Frederick II was a Count of Celje and Ban of Croatia, Slavonia and Dalmatia.
Philip of Cleves was a son of John I, duke of Cleves, and Elizabeth of Nevers.
At some date after 1118 he married Tiburge, daughter and heiress of Raimbaut, count of Orange.
He belonged to the family of Panon Desbassayns de Richemont.
Hadmar II also erected from 1201 to 1208 the city of Weitra.
William III was himself then assassinated aged only 17 in 1127 and succeeded by Renaud III, son of William III's great-uncle Stephen.
Under Raymond, Rouergue achieved a suzerainty over neighbouring counties and he successfully titled himself Margrave of Septimania.
He was later married to Anna Orzechowska with whom he had two children: Elżbieta Zamoyska and Zofia Zamoyska.
Francis IV of Beauharnais was one of the great-grandfathers of the family Eslandoost de Beauville.
At the time of his marriage, he was known only as an officer of the gendarmes.
Through her eldest daughter Elizabeth, she was an ancestress of Anne Boleyn, Jane Seymour, and Catherine Howard, queens consort of King Henry VIII of England.
Hieronim Radziejowski was a Polish noble, politician, diplomat, scholar and a military commander.
He died of sickness in 1548, attended by the surgeon Vesalius.
The Landgraviate of Thuringia was given to Louis VII of Bavaria.
He was the only son of Yusuf Khan Bahadur.
Stjepan Praska was Ban of Croatia under king Stephen I of Croatia.
John Jacob died at Casale Monferrato in 1445, being succeeded by his son John IV.
She married Duke Henry IX of Bavaria.
William administered his Aquitaine duchy as both a lover of the arts and a warrior.
He was co-ruler of Opava from 1452 to 1456.
Christian Albrecht, 2nd Prince of Hohenlohe-Langenburg, was the second ruling Prince of Hohenlohe-Langenburg and a Dutch lieutenant-general.
Richard Neville, 2nd Baron Latimer KB of Snape, North Yorkshire, was an English soldier and peer.
His title and lands had been forfeited to the crown.
His sons were Raymond II, whom he associated in the countship by giving him Rouergue, and Ermengol, who inherited that same province.
After his tenure was up, he went to the Holy Land in the company of Bohemond of Taranto and there received the county of Jaffa.
Landgrave Hermann IV of Hesse-Rotenburg, was the first Landgrave of the semi-independent Landgraviate of Hesse-Rotenburg.
His reign was occupied in wars with the family of Baux, which claimed the throne.
He was general of Mathias' Black Army.
He never married, and on his death the earldom passed to his younger brother, William.
In 1782, he was a supporter of the Permanent Council.
These engaging stories must therefore be treated with caution rather than as reliable historical documents.
He was the younger son of Charles I, Duke of Elbeuf and his wife Marguerite de Chabot, countess of Charny.
Barbara of Brandenburg-Ansbach-Kulmbach was a princess of Brandenburg-Ansbach by birth and marriage Landgravine of Leuchtenberg.
Baldwin II, king of Jerusalem, married Morphia of Melitene
This assertion has received the support of some modern historians, while others have questioned it.
His daughter was Erzsébet Czobor, the second wife of Palatine György Thurzó.
He was the starost of Bochnia, Żarnowiec, Lanckorona and Lipno.
Phillip II, Count of Nevers was the youngest son of Philip the Bold and Margaret III of Flanders.
Porzia was in close contact with members of the de' Medici family, including her half-sister Giulia de' Medici and her half-brother Giulio.
According to Scottish sources, he and his brothers Henry MacShane O'Neill and Art "MacShane" invaded Ireland with 3000 Scots from his cousin Lachlan MacLean in 1587.
Sir Walter Devereux of Bodenham and Weobley was a prominent knight in Herefordshire during the reigns of Richard II and Henry IV.
According to the Medieval Lands Project, it appears that Berenger never existed.
William Clopton was a member of the English gentry who inherited New Place in Stratford upon Avon, and in 1563 sold it to William Bott.
In particular the person was no longer free of taxation.
Her Most Excellency died in Seville, on 18 August 2013, aged 96.
He was defeated by a smaller force led by the Earl of Arran at the Battle of Linlithgow Bridge.
The eldest son of George Nevill, 1st Earl of Abergavenny, he succeeded to the earldom upon the death of his father.
They went to Nola, but Pandenulf refused to do homage to Gaideris.
Georgiana Dorothy Howard, Countess of Carlisle was a British noblewoman.
Baldwin, took refuge with his parents in Luxembourg
Edward Burgh, 2nd Baron Borough of Gainsborough, de jure 4th Baron Strabolgi, was an English peer.
Simon I, Lord of Lippe ruled Lippe from 1273 until his death in 1344.
Irene Doukaina Komnene Laskarina, who married first the general Andronikos Palaiologos and then John III Doukas Vatatzes
On 21 February 1857, Izabella was married to Count Jan Kanty Działyński, son of Tytus Działyński in Paris, France.
He was son of Odo II, Count of Blois and Ermengarde of Auvergne.
Gautier II of Brienne, count of Brienne and lord of Ramerupt.
She was the sister-in-law of King Edward IV of England and gave birth to several illustrious children.
Charles V's son, Crown Prince Philip, arrived at his aunt's court in 1549.
Isabella of Lusignan was a daughter of Hugh X of Lusignan and his wife Isabella of Angoulême, Dowager Queen of England.
Marshal of the Sejm on 13–18 November 1629 in Warsaw.
Gerhard was subsequently married about 1344 to Margaret of Ravensberg, heiress of Berg and Ravensberg, daughter of Otto IV, Count of Ravensberg and Margaret of Berg.
Previously, he had been the count of Mâcon since his father's death in 1102, with his brother, William of Vienne.
He was first married to Zofia Warszewicka around 1591 and they had daughter Zofia Kazanowska.
He died at Remiremont while trying to kill a revolt.
Barbara of Hesse, Duchess of Württemberg-Mömpelgard was a German noblewoman, and the wife of Count George I of Württemberg-Mömpelgard.
Andrzej Mokronowski was a notable member of the Polish szlachta, a politician and general of the Polish Army.
One of the great beauties of the Jacobean court, she was also the patron of Captain John Smith of the Virginia Colony.
He was the brother of Cesare, Gioffre, and Lucrezia Borgia.
Henry did not take part in the Second Crusade that year, however.
Ernest III of Brunswick-Grubenhagen-Herzberg, was a member of the noble family of Guelph and a duke of Brunswick-Grubenhagen.
He was co-ruler of the Duchy of Opava from 1445/1457 to 1464 and of the Duchy of Głubczyce from 1445/1457 until his death.
Dorothea Wilhelmine of Saxe-Zeitz was a duchess of Saxe-Zeitz by birth and by marriage Landgravine of Hesse-Kassel.
He was one of the envoys who invited Prince Louis to England, and was the first of the barons to do homage when Louis entered London.
Stanisław Poniatowski was a Polish military commander, diplomat, and noble.
He was first imprisoned in Powys Castle, and thence sent to London.
Stanisław Koniecpolski, the great and famous hetman, voivode of Sandomierz and semi-official 'viceroy of Ukraine'
He was Lieutenant General of the Polish Army, castellan of Kiev and Starost of Romanów
He served as High Treasurer and High Burgrave of Bohemia.
Richeza married Vladislav before 1111; her sister Sophie of Berg married another Přemyslid, Otto II the Black, in 1114.
They had two daughters, the elder of which, Bertha, inherited Rouergue and Gévaudan, but lost suzerainty over the other territories to William IV of Toulouse.
In August 978, Lothair invaded Germany and captured the imperial capital of Aachen, but failed to capture either Otto or Charles.
The theory that it was written by Vaux is based largely on "perceived similarities" between her handwriting and that used in the letter.
They were defeated in the 1164 Battle of Verchen, but allowed to keep their duchy as a fief from Henry.
Lambert III married Rotrude of Italy, a daughter of Holy Roman Emperor Lothair I.
Landgrave John of Lower Hesse was a son of Landgrave Henry I of Hesse, from his second marriage with Mechthild of Cleves.
In 1395 he promulgated the so-called Rupertinische Konstitution which was intended to provide for unity of the Palatinate.
Anna of Holstein-Gottorp was a German noblewoman, daughter of Duke Adolf of Holstein-Gottorp and Landgravine Christine of Hesse.
Hugh Richard Louis Grosvenor, 7th Duke of Westminster, styled as Earl Grosvenor until August 2016, is a British aristocrat, billionaire, businessman and landowner.
He was a son of Bruno I, Count of Brunswick, and Gisela of Swabia.
John was a Hungarian distinguished nobleman, who served as ban of Macsó in 1273, during the reign of Ladislaus IV of Hungary.
During his term as bishop, Holszański created several dozen new parishes in the Polish-Lithuanian borderlands.
Henry II and Marie Magdalene had four children:
His mother was daughter to Christian III of Denmark and Dorothea of Saxe-Lauenburg.
She governed the Republic of Florence during the absences of her son in the period of 1515–1519.
He also acted as bailiff of Millstatt.
Henry III, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg, of the House of Welf, was a Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg ruling the ducal Principality of Grubenhagen between 1427 and 1464.
Her sentence was therefore changed to confinement in a work house for former prostitutes in Angers.
He was Count Palatine of Neumarkt and governor of the Upper Palatinate.
Acfred married Adelinda, daughter of Bernard Plantapilosa and sister of William I of Aquitaine.
In 1270, Margaret confiscated the wares of English merchants in Flanders for non-payment of customs.
He was made a peer of France in 1815 by Louis XVIII.
The 4th ordynat of the Ostrogski Family Fee Tail.
Godfrey, Count Palatine of Lotharingia was count of the Jülichgau from at least 924 to 936 and probably even until 949.
Zakariya Khan Bahadur, was the Mughal Empire's viceroy of Lahore from 1726, succeeding his father, Abdus Samad Khan Bahadur, in the post.
Katherine de Stafford, Countess of Suffolk was a daughter of Hugh de Stafford, 2nd Earl of Stafford and his wife Philippa de Beauchamp.
From a prior marriage, he had two sons, Raymond and Hugh, who died young.
All three of his marriages were childless and after his death, the Emperor enfeoffed Thuringia to Henry III, the son of Henry Raspe's sister Jutta.
Berengar was the eldest son of Alausia, daughter of Sancho VI of Gascony, and Hilduin, Count of Angoulême.
Dying without direct descendants, his titles passed on to his niece Marie of Brimeu, wife of Lancelot of Berlaymont then of Charles III de Croÿ.
He was present at the coronation of Charles VII where he fulfilled the function of a peer and conferred knighthood.
She married Guglielmo de' Pazzi, a member of the Pazzi family.
He was preceded by King Jijeung and succeeded by King Jinheung.
He was known to have already held the title of logotet in September 1456.
As an adult, Sibyl lived through King Stephen's turbulent reign, known to history as the Anarchy, in which her husband played a pivotal role.
After her death Philip Ernest married his second wife, Maria Anna of Oettingen-Wallerstein.
He was a brother-in-law of regent John Hunyadi.
Ludwig II, Landgrave of Thuringia, nicknamed Louis the Iron.
He married Sophia of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg in 1607.
In August 1675 he returned to Plön, where he took command of the troops there.
The interests of Adam Kazimierz were mainly literary and pedagogical.
From 1375 on, Bernard took part in the government de jure, and from 1385 on de facto.
She was born as the youngest daughter of Peter Cowper, 5th Earl Cowper and his wife Emily Lamb.
Lady Munster also produced an autobiography entitled My Memories and Miscellanies, which was released in 1904.
In December 1353, John did homage for the duchy to Charles IV, Holy Roman Emperor, who made him lieutenant-general of the Empire in the Moselle country.
In 1324 Mainz won the battle in the Lahnberg with help from troops from Amöneburg.
Matilda, Countess of Rethel was Sovereign countess of Rethel from 1124 until 1151.
Charles d'Orléans, Count of Angoulême, was the son of John, Count of Angoulême and Marguerite de Rohan, and was Count of Angoulême from 1467-1496.
He is also their ancestor through Princess Augusta of Saxe-Gotha, Princess of Wales.
Chronicler John of Salisbury tells us that Petronilla died in 1151 or 1152, after which her husband Raoul of Vermandois briefly remarried.
Most of his acquired fortune had been confiscated from Michael Glinski—notably Raigardas, Goniądz and Knyszyn.
The first edition of March 1550 was followed by a second in 1551, containing significant alterations.
He ruled his part from 1515 until 1536.
Landgrave Otto of Hessen-Kassel, was hereditary prince of Hesse-Kassel and administrator of Hersfeld Abbey.
Miroslav held the surroundings of Vranje, while tepčija Kuzma held the župa of Vranje.
He fought at Agincourt, and was killed in a sea battle in Henry V's continuing campaigns in Normandy.
Also, the city of Antioch fell to Baibars and was never again held by Christian forces.
Richard de Montfort, was the son of Simon I de Montfort, Count of Évreux and Agnès d'Évreux.
However, under the Treaty of Lunéville, the territories on the left bank of the Rhine were lost to France.
Due to an alliance between the king and the Emperor Henry II he was forced to relinquish the county of Rheims to the archbishop.
Isonokami no Yakatsugu was a Japanese noble and scholar of the late Nara period.
He was deeply involved in plots and politics throughout his life.
He was forgiven and sent as an envoy to Silla in 676.
The Duchess works as public relations for Tous Designer House.
However, they had no children, and his death left his father without heirs, causing him to sell Blois to Louis of Valois, Duke of Orléans.
After her brother's premature death in 1519, she educated his daughter Catherine, the future Queen of France.
He was a son of Raymond I of Toulouse and Bertha or of Bernard II of Toulouse.
In 1295, with Barnim dead, the brothers divided Pomerania with Otto as ruler of Stettin while Bogislaw received Wolgast.
He was the eldest son of Renaud II, Count of Clermont-en-Beauvaisis, and his second wife and thus a younger half-brother of Marguerite of Clermont.
He died unmarried, but had an illegitimate son Philip, who was killed in 1380, while defending Dendermonde.
Her second marriage to Theodore Laskaris, eventually emperor of Nicaea, was celebrated in a double wedding in early 1200.
Philip II, Count of Nassau-Wiesbaden was the eldest son of Philip I and his wife, Adriana of Glymes of Bergen.
She was acquitted by the court, but despite this incarcerated in Ojstrica Castle near Tabor and murdered by being drowned in 1425.
He is also a chairman of the Hospital of St John and St Elizabeth and trustee of Music at Winchester.
Until 1441, he was one of many governors in Zeta, which at that time was a province of the Serbian Despotate.
He supported the Royalist cause in the English Civil War and was created Baron Newport in 1642.
He was also the ispán of Vas and of Pozsony between 1381 and 1382.
He inherited Hachberg-Sausenberg when his father died in 1352.
On 22 December 1740, he became Captain and Colonel of the 4th Troop of Horse Guards.
He had a younger half-brother, Charles, Count of Soissons, from his father's second marriage.
Through his daughter, Princess Maria Hedwig of Windisch-Grätz, he was a great-grandfather of Princess Michael of Kent.
The House of Windisch-Graetz, also spelled Windisch-Grätz, is an Austrian aristocratic family, descending from Windischgraz in Lower Styria.
He was Grand Duke of Bosnia under Bosnian King Tvrtko I.
Ferdinand Maximilian then abducted his son from Paris and brought him to Baden-Baden.
He was private secretary to Augustus II and one of his closest co-workers.
"Csíkszentkirály" is a town in modern-day Romania now called Sâncrăieni, while Krásna Hôrka is a castle in Slovakia.
He was the first prince buried at Hautecombe.
Otto named himself Otto of Wittelsbach, after Wittelsbach Castle near Aichach.
On June 21, 1911, Count Tasziló Festetics de Tolna was made a Prince with the style Serene Highness by King Francis Joseph I of Hungary.
This letter, which Monteagle gave to Robert Cecil, 1st Earl of Salisbury, was instrumental in foiling the plot.
Henry the Elder of Münsterberg was an Imperial Count and Count of Kladsko.
She ruled Aquitaine as regent for her son, William V, Duke of Aquitaine, from 996 until 1004.
Giovanna di Fasanella, dame de Genzano, daughter of Pandolfo di Fasanella,
He inherited the Aragonese crown from his father in 1063.
Broglie founded one of the enduring families of the French aristocracy.
Katherine, Countess of Huntingdon died at Chelsea, London on 14 August 1620, and was buried in her mother's tomb at Chelsea Old Church.
Christian V, Count of Oldenburg was the ruling count of Oldenburg from 1368 until 1398.
Some castles were given to his wife and heirs and some to the churches of Albi and Cahors and to various abbeys.
Charles Juste de Beauvau, Prince of Craon, 2nd Prince of Craon, Marshal of France was a French scholar, nobleman and general.
Among his Royal lineage was Fernando I, Duke of Braganza, grandson of John I of Portugal.
He immediately turned around, took from his castle his most important possessions, and fled on horseback to Cologne.
They had five children together: Adam Zdzisław Zamoyski, Władysław Zdzisław Zamoyski, Zygmunt Zamoyski, Zofia Zamoyska, Katarzyna Zamoyska and Wanda Zamoyska
Osbern Giffard – c. 1085 Brimpsfield, Gloucestershire) was one of the knights who invaded England in 1066 under William the Conqueror.
He died of a sudden fever in 1676 in Plön.
The extended family also included Detmar and Benedikt.
He was owner of two castles, three towns, 120 villages, 57 folwarks and 7 starostwos.
Other members of the Jonima family are mentioned in Shkodër region later, however they never reached the fame of Dhimitër Jonima.
He later married Elisabeth Brooke, daughter of George Brooke, 9th Baron Cobham.
He was the son of Abu'l-Faraj Muhammad, and was appointed in 1012 by the Buyid ruler Sultan al-Dawla as his vizier.
He was the son of Louis I, Count Palatine of Zweibrücken and his wife Johanna of Croÿ.
He was said to have had a son, Hugh, from whom Walkelin Maminot, who held Dover Castle against the Empress Maud was descended.
He is last mentioned in a document dated 10 August 1360 and probably died a short time later.
Robert de Béthune VII was a French nobleman from the House of Bethune from Artois.
Ogive of Luxembourg; married in 1012 to Baldwin IV, Count of Flanders
He is the son of Léopold Davout, 3rd Duc d'Auerstaedt from 1864 to his death, and Alice de Voize.
However, William violated the sanctuary, and had them arrested and handed over to the English.
Francesco IV Gonzaga, was Duke of Mantua and Duke of Montferrat between 9 February and 22 December 1612.
His name was very popular in the Piast dynasty, so it's unknown exactly after whom he was named.
Pribil was a Serbian župan who built the Dobrun Monastery in Dobrun, Višegrad, as a family funeral church.
Nicholas II married Helen Garay, daughter of Nicholas I Garay, they had eight children, including Cardinal Dénes Szécsi, Archbishop of Esztergom.
A great number of madrigals and anthologies of madrigals were dedicated to her, either singly or to both herself and her husband.
He also functioned as head of Nyitra County in 1222.
Otto, Regent of Holland in 1238–1239, Bishop of Utrecht
After his father's death in 1485, he was first under the guardianship of his cousin Henry IV and his mother Elisabeth.
García’s daughter Andregoto married one Raymond, who fathered William the Good, Count of Bordeaux.
Teri'i-maeva-rua II died on February 12, 1873.
Benedict, as a military leader of Andrew II's army, conquered Halychyna and ruled that territory as governor in 1206.
His father has traditionally been considered to have been Giselbert, Count of Roucy and Reims.
He also published some poetry and collections of songs.
Her father died on 11 December 1562.
Joanna, Duchess of Brabant, also known as Jeanne, was the heiress of Duke John III, who died in Brussels, 5 December 1355.
He was the son of Aubrey de Vere, master chamberlain, and Alice, a daughter of Gilbert de Clare.
Frederick Henry, Margrave of Brandenburg-Schwedt was the last owner of the Prussian secundogeniture of Brandenburg-Schwedt.
He was Lord of Białogard from 1270 until his death.
His life has been the subject of various works of historical fiction.
Jacques-François de Menou, baron of Boussay, later Abdallah de Menou was a French statesman of the French Revolution and general of the French Revolutionary Wars.
He was the son of Rudolf I and his 3rd wife, Agnes of Lindow-Ruppin.
Alfred helped to modernize the agriculture in Galicia.
The dates of his reign are disputed: either 865–877 or 864–872.
Henry's wife, Gertrude, was the only sister of Egbert II, Margrave of Meissen, whose own marriage remained childless.
She was the daughter of Franciszek Ksawery Branicki, one of the leaders of the Targowica Confederation, and Aleksandra von Engelhardt, the niece of Grigory Potemkin.
Count Roman Potocki was a Polish szlachcic.
At the beginning of the 15th century he was the governor of Rudnik and Ostrvica in Serbia.
He is buried in the Medici Chapel in Florence.
Lucrezia Borgia was the daughter of Pope Alexander VI and Vannozza dei Cattanei.
He only renounced his claims after a large financial compensation and the levation of Marle to a County.
He was the paternal grandson of Francis Russell, 2nd Earl of Bedford.
His first cousin was Ermengard, wife of the Frankish emperor Louis the Pious.
Yolanda of Flanders, married Peter of Courtenay, Latin Emperor
Eberhard VI/II in Waiblingen– February 17, 1504 at Lindenfels Castle) was a German nobleman.
He is best known for resigning his commission in protest against the war against the American colonies.
He married his first cousin, Christiane Charlotte of Württemberg-Winnental.
Since he left no male heir, Hesse-Itter fell back to Hesse-Darmstadt.
Ralph Neville, 3rd Earl of Westmorland was an English peer.
Anna and Theodore had three daughters and two sons:
He did not stay long but returned later that year with Charles.
Mihály Károlyi, former Prime Minister of Hungary
Post nativitatem vero Domini cum paucis Francis Aquitaniam perrexit, ut eos sibi sociaret.
The son of Marc de Beauvau, he was also brother of the famous Madame de Boufflers and through her uncle to the poet Stanislas de Boufflers.
Ludovico Maria Sforza, was Duke of Milan from 1494 until 1499, following the death of his nephew Gian Galeazzo Sforza.
He was a supporter of the vivente rege elections.
Leopold I, known as the Illustrious, a member of the House of Babenberg, was Margrave of Austria from 976 until his death.
In the Soviet times it was decided to change the name of the city during its 300th Anniversary.
In 1369, she married Adolf III of the Marck.
She was the daughter of Franz Josias, Duke of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld and Princess Anna Sophie of Schwarzburg-Rudolstadt.
In 1241, Transylvania suffered during the Mongol invasion of Europe.
Roger was known by the name Floyde as a youth, for reasons not recorded.
Judith/Jutta, married in 1318 to Duke Henry II, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg of Brunswick-Grubenhagen.
Leonello not only elevated the humanistic cultural movements during his rule, but it also influenced the political and artistic advancements of his successors.
Teri'i-maeva-rua II died on February 12, 1873.
Otto donated property to Notre-Dame de Homblières by charter.
He participated in of all of its major campaigns.
Also, his daughter Chalchiuhnenetzin married Moquihuix, ruler of Tlatelolco altepetl.
Married to Berthold V, Duke of Zähringen.
His mother Judith was daughter of Matthias I, Duke of Lorraine and Bertha Hohenstaufen.
He married Anne Walker, on 22 October 1698, and they had the following children:
For posterity, he is best known as the father of the renowned statesman Birger Jarl, and the ancestor of the later Swedish kings.
He was an advisor of Emperor Henry V and became very powerful during Henry's reign.
He had been the Castellan of Trakai since 31 May 1488 and regent of Novgorodok, later a regent of Bielsk Podlaski.
As he had no sons, he was succeeded by his brother Franz Karl of Auersperg.
Gerhard, de facto Count of the Marck, but not allowed to use the title.
Vicomte Gilbert de Rorthays was a French art critic, art dealer, and the Paris correspondent for The Burlington Magazine.
The son of Henry Nevill, 2nd Earl of Abergavenny, he succeeded to the earldom upon the death of his brother, who had died without issue.
He was the third son of Landgrave Otto I of Hesse and his wife Adelheid, a daughter of Otto III of Ravensberg.
Judit Rumy de Rum et Rábadoroszló was a Hungarian noblewoman, wife of Dániel Esterházy, the founder of the Csesznek branch of the House of Esterházy.
Morphia of Melitene, or Morfia, or Moraphia was the wife of Baldwin II, king of the crusader Kingdom of Jerusalem.
Agnes of Dampierre was Lady of Bourbon and heiress of all Bourbon estates.
After March 1131 Dirk again appears as count of Holland alongside him, the brothers apparently having reached an agreement.
She also inherited the western part of Krimpenerwaard, including the villages of Krimpen aan de Lek, Krimpen aan den IJssel, Lekkerkerk en Ouderkerk aan den IJssel.
Wolfgang was the son of Philipp II, Count of Isenburg-Büdingen in Birstein and Countess Irmengard of Solms-Braunfels.
Shortly before his death in 1390, Bogislaw founded the village of Ahrenshoop as a port on the Loop and secured it with a castle.
According to tradition, Louise Juliane received a sum of 59000thaler, which was paid two years later.
Louis died on 20 June 840, and during the ensuing civil war between his sons, Pippin II seized control of Aquitaine.
Robert Guiscard was a Norman adventurer remembered for the conquest of southern Italy and Sicily.
His father was Count Conrad IV of Rietberg.
He married in 1737 Johanne Sophie Frederikke von Bothmer, a daughter of Reichsgraf Friedrich Johann von Bothmer, elder brother of Hans Caspar von Bothmer.
Jacques de Harlay, lord of Champvallon or Chanvallon was a French nobleman.
He was physician of Pope Urban VIII.
In 1191, in the Holy Land, he was considered a supporter of Conrad of Montferrat.
Princess Bernhardina Christiana Sophia of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach, was a Princess of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach by birth and Princess of Schwarzburg-Rudolstadt by marriage.
His sister Hildegard of Vinzgouw married Charlemagne; therefore, he was the emperor's brother-in-law.
If Edward IV had been illegitimate and the crown of England had descended by male-preference primogeniture before 1500, then George would have been monarchs of England.
Prince Franciszek Ferdynant Lubomirski was a Polish noble and Knight of the Order of the White Eagle, awarded on 3 August 1762 in Warsaw.
He married Sancha, daughter of Sancho II of Gascony, and left a son, Arnold, who became duke of Gascony.
In retaliation, he murdered Centule and repudiated Matrona, allying himself with Íñigo Arista of Pamplona, whose daughter he then married.
After their brother Yimam's death Marye quickly seized the office of Ras, despite the armed resistance of Dori.
The March of Montferrat was passed to Irene's children.
He was a friend to, and possibly had a liaison with, Giulia Gonzaga, the Countess of Fondi.
Her relationship to her spouse was, however, otherwise described as good and harmonious.
Henry the Fat, also known as Henry of Nordheim or Northeim, was from 1083 Count in Rittigau and Eichsfeld and from 1099 the Margrave of Frisia.
A clan seat refers to the seat of the chief of a Scottish clan.
Bernard II, known as the Calf, was the Count of Toulouse, Rouergue, Limoges, Nîmes, Carcassonne, Razès, and Albi.
Khalifa al-Zanati was the Berber king of Tunis and one of the main characters in the Bani Hilal epic.
From 1557, he was also Count of Tecklenburg and Lord of Rheda by marriage.
When his older brother Guy was killed in a tournament in Flanders in March 1336, Philip became his successor.
He was the son of Henry Howard and Juliana Molyneux.
John II succeeded his father in 1294  During the reign of John II, Brabant continued supporting a coalition to stop French expansion.
He was captured in the battle, and subsequently died in captivity.
Lachlann disappears from record in 1307/1308, and appears to have been succeeded by his brother, Ruaidhrí, as chief of Clann Ruaidhrí.
He was then held in custody in the Rhineland for several years.
In 1607 he was envoy to Turkey.
Upon his father's death in 1266/1267, he became Count of Châlons.
A clergyman, he was Rector of Otley, Suffolk, Rector of Burgh Apton with Holveston, Norfolk, and Chaplain to The Prince Regent.
The Company refusing this, Walter marched out with a strong force of French knights from Athens, the Morea and Naples and Greek foot from Athens.
A member of the Gioro clan, he was killed in an attack on Gure by a rival Jurchen chieftain Nikan Wailan in 1582.
She was the daughter of Albert III, Duke of Bavaria and Anna of Brunswick-Grubenhagen-Einbeck.
The revolt was serious, but instead of bloodshed, he managed to calm the insurgency with soothing words and promises of forgiveness.
Some orders of chivalry limit their membership to persons who can prove a certain number of quarterings.
Louis de Melun, Duke of Joyeuse was a French noble man.
Michael served as voivode of Transylvania between 1209 and 1212.
He was the governor of Sochaczew since 1643 and Deputy Chancellor of the Crown between 1650 and 1652.
Otto I, Count of Scheyern-Dachau-Valley was a German nobleman.
The addition of Herbert's estate made Somerset the most powerful landowner in South Wales.
Álvaro Gil Cabral was a Portuguese nobleman, Lord of Belmonte, and Azurara.
Countess Izabella Poniatowska was a Polish noblewoman, countess and princess.
He was appointed the justice of the forests north of the Trent in 1285.
Ebles would hold this title until his death.
He was Duke of Opava from 1367 until his death.
After Konstantin's death, Helena entered the Republic of Venice and then lived with her sister Maria.
However, the Albanians rebelled again in 1257/1258 and rejoined the forces of Michael II.
In 1519, he succeeded his father as Count of Brienne and Count of Ligny.
In the division of Mecklenburg of 1234, he received the Lordshipship of Werle.
Bogislaw X of Pomerania, the Great, was Duke of Pomerania from 1474 until his death in 1523.
The word Dilshad meaning good hearted in Persian language.
He was a member of the Atyusz kindred, his cousins were the influential lords Atyusz III, Lawrence, Miska III and Solomon, however Sal's father is unidentified.
Eventually, Pandenulf recognised Lando in Caiazzo, but there were other claimants to deal with.
John was the father of Blanche of Namur, Queen of Sweden and Norway.
Count Reinhard IV of Hanau-Münzenberg succeeded in 1500 his father Philipp I of Hanau-Münzenberg in the government of the County of Hanau-Münzenberg.
Newport died aged 63 in Moulins-en-Tonnerrois and was succeeded in the barony by his oldest son Francis.
In records, the peerage, and genealogy books he is shown as being created 1st Lord Burgh, of Gainsborough [England by writ] on 1 September 1487.
Clara Gonzaga, Countess of Montpensier, Dauphine of Auvergne, Duchess of Sessa was an Italian noblewoman of the House of Gonzaga.
Horvat's ally was Elizabeth's first cousin, King Tvrtko I of Bosnia, who appointed him and his brothers governors of Usora.
Matthew Stewart, 2nd Earl of Lennox was a prominent Scottish nobleman.
He was owner of the Głuszyn, Babki and Wigry estates.
He was the last of his dynasty, with his death the line of Ekkeharding margraves descending from Eckard I of Meissen became extinct.
John managed to avert this danger by carefully selecting his negotiators; first David Gloxin from Lübeck, then his councillor Christian Cassius.
She is credited with saving Louis XV from the ministrations of the royal doctors when he was ill as a child.
Authorities differ in their opinions and thus alternative ordinal numbers exist for this Courtenay earldom.
A monument was erected in 1748 in the church of Sieraków.
In 1474 he married Joan of Lorraine, daughter of Frederick II of Vaudémont, but they had no children.
Sir Anthony Hungerford of Black Bourton in Oxfordshire, Deputy Lieutenant of Wiltshire until 1624, was a religious controversialist.
Neither Joanna nor Count Ferdinand gave their consent, and tried to have the marriage stopped, they failed.
Simon I of Saarbrücken was a German nobleman.
He was first mentioned in a document in 1273.
He was buried in the Doberan Minster in Bad Doberan.
Arnold inherited Astarac, between Fézensac and Bigorre, comprising Pardiac and Magnoac.
From 1250 to 1256, she acted as Regent of La Marche and Angoulême for her son, Hugh XII of Lusignan.
He served in the Italian Wars from 1495 to 1515 and was created Marshal of France in 1516.
Vukosav Nikolić was a nobleman who served the Kingdom of Bosnia during the reign of his relative Jelena Gruba and Stephen Ostoja.
Ladislaus from the kindred Kán László; died 3 January 1278) was a Hungarian baron and landowner, member of the gens Kán.
He reigned only along with his father and after his father's death in 1382 alone, over the Lordships of Werle-Goldberg and Werle-Waren.
He is well known for his contribution to the art world by sponsoring artists such as Botticelli and Michelangelo.
For other persons named William de Vescy, or William de Vesci, see William de Vesci.
The couple had one son, Charles d'Albret, who became Count of Dreux and Constable of France.
Apart from parish church, Pilzno had a second church, founded by King Jagiełło, and built in 1403.
He was also a founder of the Franciscan cloister at Prozaroki.
In his youth, he worked as a diplomat for Saxony; for a while he was the Saxon ambassador in Paris.
One of her illustrious descendants was Queen Jeanne III of Navarre, mother of King Henry IV, the first Bourbon king of France.
She was a deaconess and matron of the Bethanien hospital in Berlin.
She was the last of the Arduinici and is often incorrectly associated with Susa.
In 1109 she married the Angevin heir, Fulk V, called "Fulk the Younger", thereby finally bringing Maine under Angevin control.
William II, succeeded his father as Count of Tonnerre
Henry III, Landgrave of Upper Hesse, called "the Rich" was the second son of Louis I of Hesse and his wife Anna of Saxony.
Joan Elisabeth, married in 1692 to Count Frederick Adolph of Lippe-Detmold
In 1112, her eldest daughter Douce was married to Raymond Berengar III of Barcelona at which point Provence was ceded to him.
Thomas Holland, 2nd Earl of Kent, 3rd Baron Holand KG was an English nobleman and a councillor of his half-brother, King Richard II of England.
During the Thirty Years' War, the family fled to Metz, where his father died in 1640.
Tughtikin proposed the cities of Acre, Haifa, and Tiberias as a suitable ransom, Baldwin refused and offered an amount of silver.
His ship was attacked at sea and sunk, though his wife escaped the assault.
She also acted as regent of the Duchy of Bohemia from 921 to 924 during the minority of her son Wenceslaus.
Eadgifu or Edgifu, also known as Edgiva or Ogive was a daughter of Edward the Elder, King of Wessex and England, and his second wife Ælfflæd.
He was the Voivod of Vilnius since 1492 and the first Grand Chancellor of Lithuania from 1504 until his death in 1509.
Margrave Henry I was a member of the House of Ascania and Margrave of Brandenburg-Stendal and Landsberg.
Swietopelk II, also Zwantepolc II or Swantopolk II,, sometimes known as the Great, was ruling Duke of Pomerelia-Gdańsk from 1215 until his death.
The prior marriage between Harald and Elisaveta is only documented by the court poet Stuv den blinde.
Through her father she was rumoured to be a great-grandchild of Catherine the Great.
He was the nephew of King Frederick I of Prussia.
Additionally, he had landholdings in Upninkai, Širvintos, Biržai, Vyžuona, and others.
Hugh was the eldest son of Duke Odo II and Marie, daughter of Theobald II, Count of Champagne.
Wuqu-Batz' was an Ahpo Sotz'il of Iximche, capital of the Late Postclassic Kaqchikel Maya kingdom.
William's hopes to assume the rule in Holstein, however, were disappointed by the Danish court.
She married secondly Thomas de Camoys, 1st Baron Camoys.
Sheikh Bahlul Darbandi was a member of the House of Shirvanshah, the ruling dynasty of Shirvan.
He was Count of Brienne as Walter VII and Lord of Enghien 1364–1381.
Philibert was killed on 3 October 1569 in the Battle of Moncontour against the Huguenots, which the French king won.
He was created a baronet 28 March 1667 and was the first of the five Martin Baronets of Long Melford.
John died young, before 9 September 1378.
However, he acquired Altbruchhausen from his father-in-law, although he later had to abdicate there, due to his high debts.
He was a deputy cup-bearer of the Crown since 1661 and starost of Jaworów.
Her siblings included Richard Neville, 16th Earl of Warwick; John Neville, 1st Marquess of Montagu; George Neville,; Katherine Neville, Baroness Hastings; and Alice Neville, Baroness FitzHugh.
She gave birth to Hieronim in 1560 in Vilnius, Halszka 1564 in Trakai, and Jerzy in 1570 in Žemaitkiemis.
Herman III, Count of Weimar-Orlamünde was a member of the Weimar-Orlamünde branch of the House of Ascania.
In these years he also acted as a paid condottiere for neighbouring kings which made him a mortgagee of for instance King Eric VI of Denmark.
Mahaut of Albon, was a Countess Consort of Savoy; married in 1123 to Amadeus III, Count of Savoy.
He probably owed His nickname the Strong to his obesity, although he is said to have possessed an extraordinary muscle strength as a young man.
The duchy was divided between Brandenburg and Palatinate-Neuburg.
His parents were Prince Henry and his wife Princess Dorothea Elisabeth of Legnica-Brzeg.
She acted as regent of Flanders while her husband was on crusade, and ruled through both her husband and son for twenty-six years.
He was also the lay abbot of the Abbey of Saint Bertinus at Saint-Omer.
Leadership of the family passed from his older brother Abd al-Aziz, to a nephew and finally to two grandnephews before being reclaimed by Abdallah's descendants.
Baron Barlatier de Mas was the grandson of Captain Paul François Ignace de Barlatier de Mas.
She was the daughter of Prince Adam Franz von Schwarzenberg and Princess Eleonore von Lobkowicz.
He succeeded his uncle John of Vaudémont as Count of Harcourt in 1473, exchanging it for the county of Aumale in 1495.
The disputes of the epoch between Protestants and Catholics escalated, leading to the Thirty Years' War in 1618; the succession dispute became part of the war.
Friederike Charlotte Leopoldine Louise of Brandenburg-Schwedt was a German aristocrat who lived as a secular canoness and ruled as the last Princess-abbess of Herford Abbey.
Escrivão da puridade, of Afonso V in 1450.
The country of Herbauges was taken from him and given in benefice to Ragenold of Neustria.
Elias rebelled in 1145 with the support of Lord Robert III of Sablé, sparking a conflict known in Angevin historiography as the "war of the barons".
She was the widow of Otto of Saxe-Wittenberg, a son of Rudolph I.
However, in 1492 Charles II was reinstated as Duke of Guelders.
Bera of Barcelona, Count of Carcassonne and Razès, Count of Barcelona, Girona, Ausona, Empúries
Hedwig married in 1110 to Louis, the son of Count Louis the Springer of Thuringia.
She was the first wife of Louis of Luxembourg, Count of Saint-Pol, of Brienne, de Ligny, and Conversano, Constable of France.
He had a Greek wife, Kali, with whom he had a daughter Marija and a son Amiral.
Jan Chryzostom Pieniążek was a Polish szlachcic.
From 1120 onwards, he was Count palatine of Bavaria.
Together with Stefan Czarniecki, he defeated the Russian army at the Battle of Polonka in 1660.
He opposed Egilbert, Archbishop of Trier, and took back some property which the former Countess Adela had given to the church.
1447 – d. 1501) was Voivode of Transylvania from 1493 until 1499, Count of the Székelys from 1479 until 1488, Comes Perpetuus of Middle Szolnok.
After his father died in 1267, he ruled the Margraviate of Brandenburg jointly with his brother Otto V and his cousins Otto IV and Henry I.
Guy was returned to prison, where he died.
She was a patron of the philosophes of the Enlightenment, including Voltaire.
He was the son of Marshal Antoine III de Gramont and Françoise-Marguerite du Plessis de Chivré, Richelieu's niece.
Constantin de Leuchtenberg, unmarried and without issue
His second son Andrew was a courtier and Member of Parliament.
He is buried in the Medici Chapel in Florence.
Lionel Cranfield, 1st Earl of Middlesex was an English merchant and politician.
On 20 June 1213 he had the King's greyhounds in his charge.
He settled in Brimpsfield, where he built a castle which was destroyed by Edward II in 1322.
All Templars were beheaded after they refused to convert to Islam.
He was a younger son of Count Philipp II and his wife Anna of Isenburg-Büdingen.
She was the subject of two portraits by Hans Holbein the Younger.
Prince Józef Karol Lubomirski was a Polish noble.
Some respite was obtained by the death of John of Hainaut in 1257.
The title voivode was first documented specifically in 1199.
He was dismissed in 1658 when Frederick William, Elector of Brandenburg made peace with Poland.
Lucrezia Borgia was another sister-in-law; she later became the mistress of Isabella's husband.
Lady Joan Holland,, was Duchess consort of Brittany as the second wife to John IV, Duke of Brittany.
He and his mother were instrumental in the organization of the Imperial postal system.
Henry died in 1056 and his successor, Henry IV, was only six years old.
Louise de Montmorency was a French noblewoman from the ancient House of Montmorency.
At the age of nine, Matilda married Henry I, Duke of Brabant, in 1179.
In addition to Armagnac he controlled territory in Quercy, Rouergue and Gévaudan.
As the sister-in-law of Emperor Henry II, she enjoyed considerable influence.
Thus, he married his daughter Hedvig Eleonora to King Charles X of Sweden.
He was succeeded by his brother Nawab Muhammad Ali Khan Bahadur.
Adrien Gabriel Victurnien de Rougé, was a French statesman, distinguished soldier, and Peer of France.
Neville led the English forces to victory against the Scottish king David II of Scotland at the Battle of Neville's Cross on 17 October 1346.
In 1234, the brothers divided Mecklenburg among themselves; Hernry Borwin III received the Lordship of Rostock.
Baldwin was later declared legitimate by the pope, at the instigation of King Louis IX of France.
He went to Sweden in 1564, where he married a sister of King Eric XIV of Sweden.
He also held the title of Count of Glatz.
Ibrahim Bushati is also known to have aided Ali Pasha on various occasions.
Lamberto was of the branch of the Grimaldi family which had settled in Antibes while Claudia was of the more powerful Monaco branch.
John II the Younger was the Duke of Zweibrücken from 1604 until 1635.
Catherine d'Alençon was a younger daughter of Peter II of Alençon and his wife Marie Chamaillart, Viscountess of Beaumont-au-Maine.
She was the mother of the novelist Wilhelmina FitzClarence, Countess of Munster.
She was a Landgravine of Leuchtenberg by marriage and a lady in waiting for Elector Palatine and King of Germany Rupert.
His son inherited the earldom of Devon.
When Henry III died in 1464, Ernest II abdicated and became a canon in Halberstadt.
Andronikos Komnenos, Latinized as Andronicus Comnenus, was a Byzantine prince of the Komnenian dynasty.
In 1555, he founded a Latin School, with teachers from Wittenberg.
Bohemian chroniclers describe Otto's persistent rigour and that Wenceslaus was forced to give up his claims on Upper Lusatia before he could start reigning himself.
In 1014, he inherited the counties of Luni, Tortona, Genoa, and Milan on the death of his father, Otbert II, Margrave of Milan.
She served as lady-in-waiting to the queen consort of England, Anne of Denmark.
The family was stripped of its lands and titles by Henry VIII.
Also known as the Constable of Bourbon, he was the last of the great feudal lords to oppose the King of France himself.
According to one account, Vsevolod even had the Kievans kiss the Holy Cross and swear loyalty to Igor, which they resented.
Mikołaj Zebrzydowski is one of the personas on the famous painting by Jan Matejko: Skarga's Sermon.
Elizabeth Hamilton Campbell, Duchess of Hamilton, Duchess of Argyll & 1st Baroness Hamilton of Hameldon was a celebrated Irish belle and society hostess.
He became a central figure in the internal conflicts between the rival baronial groups.
After a revolt and the murder of the Prince of Travunia, the rebel nobles made Domanek the ruler of Travunia, a Serbian principality.
He functioned as judge of the Cumans from 1444 to 1446.
Her father functioned as Vice-ispán of Pozsony County.
She was a daughter of Józef Klemens Czartoryski and Dorota Barbara Jabłonowska.
Yakubu was killed in 1801 in an attempt to storm the Zamfara fortress of Kiyawa.
Jan III van Montfoort, was Viscount of Montfoort, Lord of Zuid-Polsbroek, Lord of Purmerend-Purmerland, and a leader of the Hook Party in the Bishopric of Utrecht.
His brother, Archambaud VIII, inherited Bourbon, and William inherited Dampierre.
In 1407, he was instrumental in the Priest burning at Stralsund, as it was his task to pass judgement on the perpetrators.
They were vassals of Joscelin I of Edessa.
He was the son of Baron Louis de Koenigswarter.
Teresa Korwin Gosiewska properly Princess Teresa Sapieha was a Polish noblewoman.
Prince Adam Michał Czartoryski was a Polish noble of the Czartoryski magnate.
Bogdan Kirizmić, was a Serbian nobleman, merchant from Prizren, protovestijar in the service of King Vukašin.
He was Count of Montpensier and Clermont-en-Auvergne and Dauphin d'Auvergne from 1496 to his death.
He has a son known as Dhu'l-Sa'adat, who continued to occupy high offices under the Buyids.
He was the eldest of the three sons of Balša I, and belonged to the Balšić family.
Anthony-Maria Browne was an English peer during the Tudor and Stuart period.
Anna Maria was brought up as a Lutheran and on 24 February 1544 became the wife of Christoph, Duke of Württemberg.
Józef Makary Potocki was a Polish nobleman.
Due to this confusion, however, she has sometimes been referred to by both names.
She was the wife of Alfonso II d'Este, Duke of Ferrara and Modena, whom she married in February 1579.
Leudesius was the son of Erchinoald, Mayor of the Palace of Neustria, and his wife Leutsinde.
He was son and heir of John I, Count of Ponthieu by his third wife Beatrice de St Pol.
However, his claim to nobility was dubious.
She was married to Jan Rakowski, Janusz Wiśniowiecki since 1627 and Aleksander Ludwik Radziwiłł since 1639.
At length, Dalem Tarukan was defeated, and his descendants were demoted from the Ksatria caste.
Mary Woodville, Countess of Pembroke was a sister of Edward IV's Queen consort, Elizabeth Woodville, and of Anthony Woodville, 2nd Earl Rivers.
Countess Karoline Friederike Cäcilie Klothilde von Wartensleben was a German noblewoman.
He founded periodicals and schools and became the first minister of education in a European country.
In 1239, the deposed Manuel returned with Nicaean help and made himself master of Thessaly.
To compound the treachery, Kennedy was a first cousin through Angus' grandmother, Princess Mary of Scotland, a daughter of King Robert III.
William died in Salorno five years later.
Countess Praskovya Aleksandrovna Bruce was a Russian lady-in-waiting and noble, confidant of empress Catherine the Great.
According to his own statement the king had attempted to seduce his eldest daughter, but Robert's account of his grievances varied from time to time.
Sir Edward Devereux was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons, and was an English Baronet.
He retired from government and lived the rest of his life at Pustow, near Güstrow.
Gerhard II of Holstein-Plön, nicknamed the Blind, was Count of Holstein-Plön from 1290 to 1312.
Casimir IV was a duke of Pomerania in Pomerania-Stolp since 1374.
In 1425, Charles renewed his earlier betrothal by marrying Agnes of Burgundy, daughter of John the Fearless.
In 1220s he joined the inner circle of Duke Béla, who complained about his father's number of measures and land policy.
He deserted the cause of the Mughals and joined Ahmed Shah Abdali in 1757 in his attack on Delhi.
Manasses III, Count of Rethel was a son of Manasses II and his wife Dada.
Angered by this, Saint-Pol was imprudent enough to write to Edward, upbraiding him as a "cowardly, dishonoured and beggarly king".
Following his father's death in 1553, he built a Renaissance-style mansion in 1600.
In 1367 was retained to 'abide for life' with the Black Prince, with a substantial allowance.
She was one of the two daughters of the edelfrei Lord Frederick III of Pettendorf-Lengenfeld-Hopfenohe, who died between 1112 and 1119 without a male heir.
Henry III of Brabant was Duke of Brabant between 1248 and his death.
Frederick IV, also known as Frederick of the Empty Pockets, a member of the House of Habsburg, was Duke of Austria from 1402 until his death.
It is unclear how much of the money William actually received.
He became the founder of the Ottonian line of the house.
George III, Landgrave of Leuchtenberg was Landgrave of Leuchtenberg from 1531 to 1555.
His grandson Zygmunt Krasiński, became one of Poland's greatest romantic poets.
Both of Mazzarini's sons entered the church; Jules as a Cardinal and advisor to French kings, and Michele as archbishop of Aix-en-Provence.
She was the daughter of Court Marshal and Hetman Michał Kazimierz 'Rybeńko' Radziwiłł and Urszula Franciszka Wiśniowiecka.
He was joint Earl of Orkney from 1014.
In 1553, he married Anastasia of Isenburg-Grenzau; this marriage remained childless.
From 1207, he was also Count of Groitz and Count of Sommerschenburg.
Bernard IV Jordan was the Lord of L'Isle-Jourdain from 1303 or 1304 to his death.
Kgosi Galeshewe was a chief of the Tlhaping tribe in South Africa.
She belonged to a noble family in Bordeaux and was described as a charming beauty.
Subsequently in 1597 they all renounced their religion, declared themselves Presbyterians, and were restored to their estates and honours.
In 1688, he accompanied William, Prince of Orange, in his expedition to England — the "Glorious Revolution" which deposed James II.
Agnes Keith, Countess of Moray was a Scottish noblewoman having been the eldest daughter of William Keith, 4th Earl Marischal and Margaret Keith.
Despite the presence of legitimate children, Leonello was favoured by his father as his successor.
Thorfinn Torf-Einarsson also known as Thorfinn Skull-splitter was a 10th-century Earl of Orkney.
He was banned from attending tournaments at Blyth, Northampton and Cambridge between 1232 and 1234.
As head of the dynasty, she was styled by her most senior title of Duchess of Alba, whilst holding over 40 other hereditary titles.
He awarded the county to Amadeus, but acknowledged that his brothers were entitled to a share.
His power derived from his wealth as a banker, and he was a great patron of learning, the arts and architecture.
Noble Lord Otto, Count and Lord of Rietberg.
Claude II de l’Aubespine, seigneur de Hauterive et de la Forêt-Thaumieres, baron of Châteauneuf-sur-Loire.
She was an heiress to Plassenburg Castle, with Kulmbach and Mittelberg and the Lordship of Berneck, including Goldkronach, Meinau, Wirsberg, Pretzendorf, Zwernitz Castle and Trebgast.
Henry Borwin I, Lord of Mecklenburg, was the ruling Lord of Mecklenburg from 1178 until his death.
He was Chorąży of Przemyśl since 1606 and castellan of Nowy Sącz since 1613.
Hugh Courtenay, 4th/12th Earl of Devon, 5th Baron Courtenay was an English nobleman, son of the 3rd/11th Earl of Devon, and father of the 5th/13th Earl.
Summoned to Moscow, Kirill Naryshkin attended the wedding of his daughter and then received numerous gifts and awards.
On or before 3 June 1341, he married Mathilda of Vaihingen.
After receiving an appeal for intervention from the Count of Arles, he invaded Provence, but only reached Macon, being restrained by Hincmar of Rheims.
Anton Günther II, Count of Schwarzburg-Sondershausen-Arnstadt was a Count of Schwarzburg and Hohenstein and Lord of Sondershausen, Arnstadt and Leutenberg from 1666 until his death.
When he died, Eticho invaded Provence and tried to take Lyon, unsuccessfully.
Mentioned in De Administrando Imperio of Byzantine Emperor Constantine VII, Beloje was a contemporary of Serbian ruler Vlastimir.
She was born into the English Roman Catholic Browne family whose members held prominent positions at the courts of the Tudor sovereigns for three generations.
He gradually overcame these foes and secured the whole March.
He was created Marquess of Newcastle-upon-Tyne and entrusted with the education of the royal couple's son, the future Charles II of England.
From 1322 to 1337, he was governor of Gornji Grad and from 1330 Marshal of the Duchy of Austria.
She was an older sister of Henry of Stolberg-Wernigerode.
By marrying Amelia, he had expanded his territory with her inheritance, the imperial county of Rixingen.
His daughter Ota became wife of Arnulf of Carinthia.
She was the daughter of Diego Fernández de Córdoba y Carrillo, first Lord of Baena, and Inés Ayala y Toledo, third Lady of Casarrubios del Monte.
In comparison, the lands of the Polabians and Wagrians to the west had been taken over by Saxon lords.
Marguerite de Foix, married at Clisson on 27 June 1471 Francis II, Duke of Brittany.
This led the senior Tushetu Khan to form a league and drive out the Altan-khan.
Alice of Montlhéry, married Hugh I, lord of Le Puiset.
In 1442, he succeeded his father as Count of Nassau-Dillenburg, jointly with his brother John IV.
Đuraš Vrančić was a Serbian nobleman who served King Stefan Milutin with the court title of stavilac.
John Doukas Komnenos was a son of Andronikos Komnenos.
Bertha was the Countess of Rouergue and Gévaudan from 1054 to her death.
Joanna of Hainault was the third daughter of William I, Count of Hainaut, and Joanna of Valois.
Murchadh was a son of Maol Mhuire an Sparáin, son of Suibhne, eponymous ancestor of the Clann Suibhne.
Floris V reigned as Count of Holland and Zeeland from 1256 until 1296.
Castellan of Małogoszcz and Żarnów from 1603
He was imprisoned after buying a copy of William Byrd's Gradualia on the basis of Catholic tensions.
He became centrally involved in politics with a promotion to dainagon in 701, making udaijin in 704 and sadaijin in 708.
In the 1290s with his brothers now adults, Pomerania was divided between them with Bogislaw receiving Wolgast as his share.
Frederick, Duke of Lower Lorraine, Duke of Lower Lorraine
At birth George was the likely or possible heir to a large estate.
In 894, he and his brother Adhemar of Poitou attacked Aurillac, but he died fifteen days after.
Thomas Gair Ashton, 1st Baron Ashton of Hyde was a British industrialist, philanthropist, Liberal politician, and peer.
He probably died of the plague in 1363 and he was succeeded by Alexander Komnenos Asen, who was likely his son from his unknown first wife.
His brother Frederick inherited his title and his land.
According to historians, along with him, League of Lezhë lost the chance to continue what Skanderbeg had begun.
He was the second son of William I of Jülich and Joanna of Hainaut.
Princess Izabella Elżbieta Czartoryska was a Polish noble lady.
Albert's brother-in-law King Magnus IV of Sweden faced grave difficulties beginning in the 1350s.
William, duke of Guelders and of Jülich
Meanwhile, Oliba was reinstated in his old counties.
Greek residents then attacked his fortifications attempting to take Countess Judith prisoner and ransom her in exchange for the Norman's leaving Troina.
As a younger son, he was initially destined for an eccesiastical career.
Sueiro Belfaguer was a medieval knight, the 1st Lord of the House of Sousa.
Mary died at Frogmore House in 1738.
At some time after this Vladislav sent Anna with his son Balša and niece Mara to live in the Republic of Ragusa.
Jan Kazimierz was courtier on the royal court.
For these controversial actions, he was excommunicated in 1303.
He was seigneur de Beaumont, comte des Roches-Baritaud, capitaine des vaisseaux du roi, and a knight of the Order of Saint Louis.
Rudolf I married Kunigunde of Eberstein in 1257.
She served as regent of Sicily during the minority of her son Roger II of Sicily from 1101 until 1112.
The Crnojevići, initially vassals of the Serbian Despotate, revolted against the Despot; Gojčin was particularly participating.
He was also a promoter of Eastern Christian culture in the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth.
Anna, married in 1518 with count Philip III of Waldeck-Eisenberg
He was born in Winchester, England during his father's exile; he probably remained there when Henry returned to Saxony and was raised at King Richard's court.
Manuel Inácio Martins Pamplona Corte Real, 1st Count of Subserra was a Portuguese nobleman and politician.
They had four children, including the infamous Lorenzino, killer of Duke Alessandro de' Medici.
He made peace with Philip in 1298 and left Guy to his fate.
Teodor was a protector of the Jesuits order and benefactor of churches, monasteries and palaces.
Elizabeth de Vere, Countess of Oxford, formerly Elizabeth Trentham, was the second wife of the Elizabethan courtier and poet Edward de Vere, 17th Earl of Oxford.
Gerhard VI of Jülich, Count of Berg and Ravensberg was the son of William V, Duke of Jülich and Joanna of Hainaut.
Johann Reinhard III of Hanau-Lichtenberg – 28 March 1736 in Philippsruhe Castle, Hanau) was the last of the counts of Hanau-Lichtenberg.
He was a teacher of Bruno of Eguisheim-Dagsburg, who became Bishop of Toul in 1026.
On his grave stone in the cloister before the winter refactory a Latin text could be read:
When he died in 1574, Nassau-Saarbrücken fell to Nassau-Weilburg.
Nicholas IV of Bruntál was a member of the Opava branch of the Přemyslid dynasty.
He led Spanish troops during the French Revolutionary Wars.
Successor of Kazimierz Feliks Badeni in the office of governor of Galicia from 1895 until 1898.
Ulrich II, Lord of Hanau was Lord of Hanau from 1305/1306 until his death.
The Chronicle of Mann and Chronicle of Lanercost indicate that a Scottish fleet made landfall at Ronaldsway, on 7 October.
When his father died in 1622, he inherited the area around the Norburg on the island of Als and thus became the first Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Norburg.
Born at the Wierzchownia estate in Volhynia, Hańska married landowner Wacław Hański when she was a teenager.
Count Henry of Stolberg was a German nobleman.
Joining the army, he participated in three major wars and eventually rose to the rank of Marshal of France.
He was the only son of Reginald of Burgundy and his wife, Guillemette of Neufchâtel.
He was also a member of the Chapter of the Cistercian Order.
These included an attempt to arrange the escape of her friend Marie-Antoinette.
On his stop-over in Famagusta, he and his companions misbehaved so badly that the citizens of Famagusta decided to kill them all.
He continued to style himself as duke nevertheless.
The Wróblewski family is one of the notable Polish noble families in the Kingdom of Poland.
He was confirmed in his mayoralty by Clotaire, who also confirmed Warnachar as mayor of Austrasia.
His name is mentioned by contemporary records since 1267.
In 1281, it was decided to divide Werle and John took over control of Werle-Parchim.
The statement later was rejected by one of Mr. Chua’s great-grandchildren Mr. Chua Wye Man.
There were no known children from either marriage.
His accession to the Bohemian throne marked the start of a phase of stability after a long period of internal dynastic struggles.
After the death of Charlotte's brother, Louis Jean Marie de La Trémoille, she succeeded to his potential claims to the Kingdom of Jerusalem.
He became the voivode of Bracław Voivodeship in 1764 and of Kijów Voivodship in 1772.
His grandson was the oligarch Matthew III Csák.
Isabeau of Châtillon, married in May 1311 William I de Coucy, Lord of Coucy
Henrique was born in Portugal, the son of Duarte de Menezes, 3rd Count of Viana and Isabel de Castro.
The children of Henry Somerset and Elizabeth Browne were:
Among them, included a cardinal, a King of Lithuania-Poland, and a Prince of Transylvania.
He held the office of Custos Rotulorum of Devon between 1596 and 1619.
In fact, he was the youngest son of his parents who survived into adulthood: his younger brother, Frederick Louis, born in 1619, died in infancy.
John Székely was killed in the Battle of Kosovo in 1448.
On behalf of his wife, he became Duke of Luxembourg from 1457 to 1469.
In 1678 the duke took part in the founding of the Hamburg Oper am Gänsemarkt.
He was the younger brother of Caroline of Ansbach and thus brother-in-law of George II of Great Britain.
In 886, he was sent to aid the besieged of Paris.
Her uncle Philip of Swabia, German king since 1198, had ensured her Burgundian heritage.
It is through her that her distant male descendants of the French House of Bourbon get their name.
He succeeded his father in 1568 as Count of Nassau-Wiesbaden.
The former Welsh Guard lived alone at Cefntilla, employing a housekeeper.
Mojs, also Moys or Majos was a Hungarian noble, who served as Palatine of Hungary between 1228 and 1231, during the reign of Andrew II.
He succeeded his father as Count of Gorizia in 1323.
Her second husband was William, Lord Russell, who was implicated in the Rye House Plot and later executed.
Lamoral II Claudius Franz, Count of Thurn and Taxis was a German nobleman and Imperial Postmaster.
Founder of the city of Tomaszów Mazowiecki.
Their only child was their daughter Johanna van Polanen, who married Engelbert I of Nassau in 1404.
He married, firstly, Heylwig von Dillingen; and, secondly, Dietbirg of Swabia.
Matilda, married Count Berthold III of Eschenlohe
Secretary of King Sigismund II Augustus since 1554, held offices of castellan of Wojnicz, starost of Sandomierz, Stryj and Dolina.
Henrique de Meneses was a Portuguese nobleman, Count of Viana.
On 13 July 1365, he was made Archbishop of Lyon.
He may have married a daughter of Nicholas I of Werle, but no record of such a marriage, or any children, has survived.
Also Catherine Elisabeth of Brunswick-Lüneburg, grandmother of Christian I of Denmark.
His widow remarried on 4 April 1369, to Count Walram IV of Tierstein.
Clarice de' Medici was the daughter of Piero di Lorenzo de' Medici and Alfonsina Orsini.
Despite his complicity in fratricide, Boleslaus is generally respected by Czech historians as an energetic ruler who significantly strengthened the Bohemian state and expanded its territory.
He died suddenly on 12 July 1631 in Kraków.
George II, married to Elizabeth Kostka of Postupitz
A picture of her can be found on the side of a seat in the choir of the church, opposite a picture of her husband.
The Devereux family had lands at Lieuvin and Baiocasino in the pays d'Auge.
His body, however, was supposedly buried in the hermitage of San Felices de Oca.
William was sent with Antony Bek, Bishop of Durham in 1289 to represent King Edward I of England in Scotland.
Upon the death of Ramiro II of León in 951, the kingdom of León experienced a dynastic crisis that Fernán played out to his advantage.
In 1137 he received the County of Dreux as an appanage from his father.
Eilika of Saxony was the younger daughter of Magnus, Duke of Saxony and Sophia, a daughter of Béla I of Hungary.
Otto, Count of Lippe-Brake was the first ruling Count of Lippe-Brake.
During his tenure in Poitou, the Empress Judith was imprisoned in the abbey of Sainte-Croix at Poitiers for a while.
Eventually he turned to Robert Guiscard, Duke of Calabria, who treated the abbot with great respect and invited him and his monks to settle in Calabria.
Henry arrested Beatrice and her young son Frederick and imprisoned her in Germany, separate from either husband or son, who died within days.
Emperor Ferdinand III declared Enno Louis to be an adult in 1651 and in May that year Enno Louis removed his mother from government.
William attempted to sue FitzThomas for defamation before the council at Dublin.
The Catalan Company nominated one of the surviving knights, Roger Deslaur, as their leader and new Duke of Athens by conquest.
Voivode Pousa fought them with his royal army near Burzenland, where he fell in battle on 31 March 1241.
Robert de Beaumont, Count of Meulan, was the son of Waleran IV de Beaumont and Agnes de Montfort.
He died in war with Anno II, Archbishop of Cologne, after which King Henry IV gave the duchy to Godfrey.
It would be the greatest failure of Alan's career that he failed to rise to comital rank.
Elizabeth Gordon, Heiress of Gordon, Scottish baroness and progenitress of the Gordon Earls and Marquesses of Huntly.
Through his wife's influence on her paramour, the Cardinal de Rohan, he later obtained a commission as the Comte d' Artois's bodyguard.
He was mayor of Brémontier-Merval from 1928 to 1945, after his father-in-law Henri Étignard de La Faulotte, mayor from 1881 to 1928.
For this, Peter requested and obtained the exchange of his title "Lord of Huesca" for "Lord of Fraga."
She was sister of Dukes Janusz III of Masovia and Stanislaus of Masovia.
Elizabeth Woodville's household records for 1466/67 indicate that Catherine was being raised in the queen's household.
Grand Treasurer of the Crown in 1702
Philippe François Armand Marie de Noailles, duc de Mouchy, prince-duc de Poix
He had two children by his second wife, Marie:
Pons died in Toulouse and was buried in Saint-Sernin, probably late in 1060 or early in 1061.
Adelaide, married John II, Count of Chalon-Auxerre
Rudolph was released and then tried every means to overthrow Pribislaw.
He was the son of Stephen II, Count of Blois, and Adela of Normandy, and the elder brother of King Stephen of England.
In 1494, he remarried with Isabelle of Albret, daughter of Alain I of Albret.
The new diocese took over the secular authority of the margrave in the region of the Bavarian Nordgau.
She is one of the characters on the famous painting by Jan Matejko, Prussian Homage.
From 1873 until 1901 member and from 14 October 1890 to 9 February 1895 Marshal of the National Sejm in Galicia.
Perhaps Acfred had died by then, but perhaps not.
Rudolph I, Count Palatine of Tübingen was the eldest son of Count Palatine Hugo II of Tübingen.
Pribina was the first historically attested Ban of Croatia, and who served under kings Miroslav of Croatia and Michael Krešimir II of Croatia.
Egbert also extended his authority and estates into Frisia under the suzerainty of the Archbishop of Hamburg-Bremen.
According to László Markó, he was originated from the gens Szalók.
Phùng Thị Chính was a Vietnamese noblewoman who fought alongside the Trưng sisters in order to repel Han invaders from Vietnam in 43 CE.
The marriage of Robert and Joanna had remained childless.
Alice de Warenne, Countess of Arundel was an English noblewoman and heir apparent to the Earldom of Surrey.
Simon IV, Lord of Lippe was the ruling Lord of Lippe from 1415 until his death.
The dispute was settled with a compromise in 1695.
Johan I of East Frisia was a member of the house of Cirksena and a non-reigning Count of East Frisia and later imperial governor of Limburg.
Charles I, Duke of Münsterberg-Oels was a member of the House of Poděbrady.
Agnes married Berthold IV, Duke of Merania.
Antenor's influence in Provence was based on his land-holding and on his control of ecclesiastical and secular appointments.
He is remembered as a wise ruler, knowledgeable in the areas of economics and governance.
Like his son to follow, Józef Białynia Chołodecki, Celestyn Chołodecki was a writer and frequent contributor to leaflets calling for Poland's independence from Russia.
Edward I regranted his lands in Kildare for life only.
Isabel's first husband was Henry de Nonant, Lord of Totnes, Devon, who died childless in 1206.
In 1873 he married the Xianfeng Emperor's daughter Gurun Princess Rong'an and was granted the title of Prince Consort.
Princess Zofia Ostrogska was a Polish–Lithuanian noble lady of Ruthenian origin.
Agnes, who married Peter I of Savoy.
Gerard of Oldenburg; killed in action while invading Rüstringen.
Sir Richard Edgcumbe was an English courtier and politician.
William Marshal, 1st Earl of Pembroke, also called William the Marshal, was an Anglo-Norman soldier and statesman.
He married on 24 October 1713 Princess Maria Theresia of Liechtenstein, Duchess of Troppau and had one son.
Simon, Hugh's father, had three castles: at Broyes, Châteauvillain, and Beaufort.
Jeanne de Foix, married in August 1469 in Lectoure, to Jean V of Armagnac.
Thomas Purcell, Baron of Loughmoe was an Irish nobleman.
He stole from the abbey of Lézat, but gave it back between 1015 and 1025.
Sentonge was the probably legendary Viscount of Béarn from 1171 until his execution two years later.
His second wife was Ida, daughter of Bernard II, Duke of Saxony, who remarried with Albert III, Count of Namur, on Frederick's death.
He played a significant role in the wars in Scotland and Wales, and was appointed steward of the household to Edward II.
However, this marriage was never consummated, likely due either to Rainald's death in 1343 or Margaret's death in 1344.
The Souvenirs de la Marquise de Créquy is attributed to her by university librarians.
He held Auxerre, Maligny, Ervy, Troyes, and Châteauvillain as fiefs from Odo II, Duke of Burgundy.
Martim da Maia was a Portuguese nobleman, 1st Lord of Trofa in the Kingdom of Portugal.
As the wife of a Russian nobleman, she was in a primary position to observe both the Imperial and Bolshevik positions during the Revolution.
Conrad I, Duke of Zähringen was Duke of Zähringen from 1122 until his death and from 1127 also Rector of Burgundy.
William Otto, Lord of Arkel c. 1385 – 1 December 1417 in Gorinchem was the male member of the House of Arkel.
Adam Mikołaj Sieniawski was a Polish noble, military leader.
In 1223, she married her second husband, Count Poppo VII of Henneberg.
He had sons named Borić and Pavao, and his grandsons were called Odola, Čelk and Borić.
Lady Eleanor Talbot, also known by her married name Eleanor Butler, was a daughter of John Talbot, 1st Earl of Shrewsbury.
He was then relegated in Poitou then turned over to serve in Holland.
Celestyn Czaplic of the Kierdeja coat of arms was a Polish–Lithuanian szlachcic, politician, writer and a poet.
Three years later, in 1701, she married a 35-year-old second husband, Count Philip Ernest of Hohenlohe-Waldenburg-Schillingsfürst.
Ernest II, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg, was the Prince of Lüneburg from 1592 to 1611.
Landgrave Ernest of Hesse-Rheinfels-Rotenburg, was from 1649 to 1658 his death Landgrave of Hesse-Rheinfels and from 1658 until his death Landgrave of Hesse-Rheinfels-Rotenburg.
Joan, married Charles IV, Duke of Anjou in 1474
Their descendants would later comprise the House of Savoy who ruled Sardinia and Italy.
After she left the convent, she became Countess of Barby by marriage.
Michał Jan Pac was a Polish-Lithuanian nobleman, Lithuanian Marshal of the Bar Confederation from 1769 until 1772, Chamberlain of King Augustus.
He also conceded the city of Emmerich as a result of an earlier promise to the Duke of Cleves.
She was a sister of Stanisław Antoni Poniatowski, who in 1764 became King of Poland and Grand Duke of Lithuania, and reigned as Stanisław II Augustus.
Some even use it in a stricter sense to refer to a man whose manners and way of life reflect his noble ancestry and great wealth.
He was Count of Eilenburg and Margrave of Lusatia from 1190 until his death.
Bernhard V, Lord of Lippe was a member of the House of Lippe and was Lord of Rheda from 1344 until his death.
Jan Kostka was a Polish noble and a candidate in elections for the new King of Poland in 1572.
Gunzelin VI of Schwerin was a son of Count Niklot I of Schwerin and his wife, Elisabeth of Holstein.
Juliana of Hesse-Eschwege was a German noblewoman.
He was succeeded by his son Frederick VI, Margrave of Baden-Durlach.
Frederick III, Margrave of Brandenburg-Ansbach was a German nobleman.
Adele was a daughter of Robert of Vermandois, Count of Meaux and Troyes, and Adelaide de Chalon.
In many ways John of Cleves' court was ideal for raising a Queen.
After Murshid Quli's death in 1727, Sarfaraz ascended to the Masnad of the Nawab.
John III became Regent of the United Duchies of Jülich-Cleves-Berg in 1521, and Lord of Ravensberg in 1528.
He was a son of Emperor Andronikos II Palaiologos and Irene of Montferrat.
He is buried in the Ducal Crypt in the Stephansdom in Vienna.
As Constable of Pontefract Castle, he had custody of Richard II after that king was deposed.
In 1080 Frederick married Agnes of Savoy, daughter of Peter I, Count of Savoy.
The Demoiselle is a character in Philippa Gregory's 2011 historical novel The Lady of the Rivers, which centers on her great-niece Jacquetta of Luxembourg.
Gerberga then took control of the government, and is said to have ruled wisely.
He also leased the George Inn in Whitechapel with a friend, Robert Miles.
In 877, he was assassinated by a vassal of Bernard Plantapilosa, who took over Toulouse and Limoges.
Laski was the nephew of Archbishop John Laski and served as palatine of Inowrocław and of Sieradia, Sieradz.
Lew is considered as a great political figure of the Commonwealth.
His sons did not inherit the throne of their grandfather, since their uncle Sancho usurped the throne.
A firm Calvinist, he was a leader of mercenary troops in the religious wars of the time, including the Dutch Revolt.
John of Burgundy was a Count of Charolais and Lord of Bourbon.
He was succeeded by his eldest son Boleslaus the Pious.
Margaret, married William of Antigny, Prince of Sainte-Croix
Simon Michael Abney-Hastings, 15th Earl of Loudoun, is an Australian Aristocrat who is the current holder of the ancient Scottish noble title of Earl of Loudoun.
Othenin "the Mad", who succeeded her as Count of Montbéliard
After the plundering and massacres in the city during the attack, he came to be known as the "butcher of Karbala".
Fryderyk Józef Moszyński spent his childhood in Dresden under the tutelage of Heinrich von Brühl.
Greek sources spoke of Gradislav as "truly one of the most respectable among the Serbs".
But Roger soon left Judith in Mileto and returned to his campaigns in Sicily.
Gerald VI,, was Viscount Fezensaguet from 1240 to 1285, then Count of Armagnac and Fezensac from 1256 to 1285.
Count Frederick of Solms-Rödelheim was an imperial chamberlain, war councillor and colonel in the period of the Thirty Years' War.
He was Sheriff of Cornwall as was his father before him.
Crown Podstoli from 1620, Crown Court Treasurer from 1627, and from 1632, Grand Crown Treasurer.
Leon was the 14th Agiad dynasty King of Sparta, ruling from 590 BC to 560 BC.
But his path into the Salesians was not set in stone for Don Bosco believed his frail health would become an impediment to his ecclesial studies.
Matilda and William II had three sons together:
When the civil war broke out between Stephen III and his uncles in 1162, he supported the young king.
He was the first of the Toulousain branch of his family to bear the title marchio, which he inherited from Raymond II of Rouergue.
His older brother was the noted poet Charles, Duke of Orléans and his younger brother was John, Count of Angoulême.
Ermesinde, contra her son, was energetic and decisive, intent on imposing the authority of Barcelona on the baronage.
Anastasia, married in 1306 to Duke Valdemar IV of Schleswig and secondly, in 1313, to Count Gerhard IV of Holstein-Plön
Françoise Charlotte Amable d'Aubigné, Duchess of Noailles was the wife of Adrien Maurice de Noailles, 3rd Duke of Noailles.
Adil Giray, Adil Khan Girai was khan of the Crimean Khanate from 1666 to 1671.
Frances Walsingham, Countess of Essex and Countess of Clanricarde was an English noblewoman.
After the death of his father in 1567, Hesse was divided among his sons and Louis received Hesse-Marburg including Marburg and Giessen.
She married her third and last husband, John Paulet, Lord St John, the son of William Paulet, 1st Marquess of Winchester in 1554.
He was the son of Guy I of Montlhéry and Hodierna of Gometz.
He was married to Hedwige of Namur, daughter of Albert II, Count of Namur, and Regelindis of Lower-Lorraine, daughter of Gothelo I, Duke of Lorraine.
The younger brother of Emperor Isaac I Komnenos, he served as Domestic of the Schools during Isaac's brief reign.
Eric's father attempted to consolidate his position as King of Sweden in 1364 and again in 1386.
He was succeeded by the joint government of his son Alberto under the tutelage of his brother Cangrande.
Amadeus VII was known for his hospitality, for he would entertain people of all stations and never turned a person from his table without a meal.
On 22 August 1538 in Heiligenberg, she married Count Philip IV of Hanau-Lichtenberg.
Bogusław and his brother allied with Pribislav of Mecklenburg and supported his revolt against Henry the Lion, Duke of Saxony.
He further served in the capacity of Mayordomo mayor del rey and the Alférez del rey of Ferdinand IV of Castile.
Olena Skoropadska-Ott, however, denies all the allegations stating that there is no relationship between her and that man.
He was born at Köthen, the second son of Emmanuel Lebrecht, Prince of Anhalt-Köthen, by his wife Gisela Agnes of Rath.
Michael probably also took part in the preparation of the assassination.
Her reign lasted until 1561 and was generally supported by the Estates.
He was the son of Henry II of Bar and Philippa of Dreux.
The messages were written in orange juice; historian Anstruther argues that their illegibility indicates that Vaux was near-sighted and unaccustomed to writing.
Although he was the second son, Theobald inherited Blois, while his elder brother, Henry got the more important county of Champagne.
Vuk II Krsto Frankopan Tržački was a Croatian nobleman and soldier of the Frankopan family, father of noted poet and politician Fran Krsto Frankopan.
English queen consort Elizabeth Woodville was among her numerous descendants.
The death of his mother's first cousin, Guy II of la Roche, in 1308 brought him the Duchy of Athens.
He married Princess Maria Róża Sapieha on 18 July 1906 in Białka Szlachecka.
miles, out of which Lublin County took 105 sq.
He defeated Daña and proclaimed himself ruler of Menz.
Prince Igor Svyatoslavich the Brave was a Rus’ prince.
He possibly had one natural son, William.
Gerhard VII, Duke of Jülich-Berg was the son of William VIII of Jülich, Count of Ravensberg and Adelheid of Tecklenburg.
Juan Sancho de Tovar, 1st Marquis of Berlanga was a Spanish nobleman.
He was invested as a Knight of the Garter on 23 April 1593.
She was the sister of the Kings Canute VI and Valdemar II and Queen Ingeborg.
His ancestry is, in the end, unknown.
He came of age in 1238 and moved into Parchim Castle.
He married in 1476 to his cousin Bianca Maria Sforza and had no children.
Sibylle of Baden was a Margravine of Baden by birth and by marriage, Countess of Hanau-Lichtenberg.
Anna was the daughter of Antoine the Good, Duke of Lorraine and Renée of Bourbon-Montpensier.
Charles was the Duke of Lower Lorraine from 977 until his death.
From 1604 to 1635 he was married to Anna Radzimińska, the daughter of Stanisław Radzimiński of Brodzic coat of arms.
He is the son of Charles McLaren, 3rd Baron Aberconway, and Deirdre Knewstub.
Charles August was the second son of John Ernst of Nassau-Weilburg and Maria Polyxena of Leiningen-Dagsburg-Hartenburg.
Henry Casimir II of Nassau-Dietz was Stadtholder of Friesland and Groningen from 1664 till 1696.
George married Voislava, the daughter of sevastokrator Branko Mladenović, of the Serbian Branković family.
He was the son of Catherine de Rohan and Jean I of Albret.
She was the fifth ordinate of the Ostrogski Ordination.
All chronicles agree that Elias was imprisoned in Tours and died as a result.
As bishop of Ratzeburg he converted to Protestantism.
He inherited the County of Rietberg when his father died on 18 July 1389.
Beside the position of Judge royal, he also served as ispán of Nyitra County from 1199 to 1200.
He was awarded the Order of Saint Stanislaus by Alexander I of Russia.
Ramón de Esparza was a Basque nobleman and Military, was Lord of the palace Esparza.
King Canute VI of Denmark noticed this lack of support and used the opportunity to strengthen his position on the Baltic Sea coast.
However, recent research has revealed that William was instead son of Adelais of Anjou, known to have married a Raymond, "Prince of Gothia".
Already rich from her merchant father, she married James Lawes, the eligible son of Jamaica's governor, in 1720.
Lubomirski inherited a large estate from his father and multiplied it by a marriage with Zofia Ostrogska in 1613.
Voivode of the Podlasie Voivodeship from 1605
Married to Katarzyna Starzycka in 1600, he was the father of Dominik Aleksander Kazanowski, voivode of Bracław.
He took part in the war between the brothers, the counts of Anjou, Geoffrey III and Fulk IV.
They receive Ari'i-'Otare Teri'i-maeva-rua daughter of Tamatoa V her brother was adopted.
Johan I of Nassau who married Margareta von der Marck.
Boyarinya Kseniya Ioannovna Shestova; 1560–1631) was a spouse of Fyodor Romanov and the mother of Mikhail Romanov.
He was the youngest son of Nicholas III Werle-Güstrow and his wife Agnes.
In 1388, king Władysław II of Poland sent Andrzej with a mission to baptise Lithuania.
She was married to Jacob Heinrich von Flemming since 1725, later to Michał Serwacy Wiśniowiecki since 1730, and to Michał Antoni Sapieha since 1745.
His elder brother, Robert III de Brus, predeceased their father, never holding the lordship of Annandale.
While his older brother Raymond Berengar received Barcelona, he received Provence.
Charles of Artois was the son of Robert III of Artois and Jeanne of Valois.
On 12 January 1412, Katherine was married at the age of 12 to John Mowbray, 2nd Duke of Norfolk.
He is mentioned in Domesday Book as holding thirty manors in Devon, Dorset, Somerset, and Wiltshire, before the Norman conquest.
She thereafter gave birth to Shaikh Awais Jalayir, who eventually succeeded Hasan Buzurg as Jalayirid ruler.
According to the Chronicle of Saint-Maixent, he built the castle at Lusignan.
As a courtier of King Charles VII of France, he fought the English in Normandy and Guyenne.
The issue was finally settled by Bogislaw's sons George I and Barnim XI in the Treaty of Grimnitz of 1529.
In Shane's lifetime he went by Sean Donnellach O'Neill, as he was fostered by the Donnelly clan.
He was Obozny of the Crown since 1665, voivode of Bracław Voivodeship since 1662 and starost of Winnica.
Matters were further complicated when Otto VI took Simon III prisoner in 1371.
He was the brother of his predecessor Marye of Yejju.
The 5th Baron Raglan was the son of FitzRoy Richard Somerset, 4th Baron Raglan and the Hon.
Their graves were robbed and vandalized several times during the monastery's eventful and long history.
Veronika of Desenice was the second wife of Frederick II, Count of Celje.
Thomas was Count of Savoy from 1189 to 1233.
Józef became Stolnik of Lithuania in 1744, voivode of Nowogródek Voivodeship from 1755 to 1776 and starost of Busk, Ukraine, Korsuń, Dźwinogród, Wołpenia, Rakancin and Ławara.
His son Tuoba Yulü would also become the chieftain in future.
He was accused of conspiracy against Richelieu, arrested at Nantes, and beheaded by an unskilled axeman who took over 30 blows to sever the head.
Countess Maria Grocholska was a Polish noble lady.
Nicholas II was a Hungarian distinguished nobleman, who served as voivode of Transylvania in 1213, during the reign of Andrew II of Hungary.
An enthusiastic soldier, he has been called "the last knight errant" because of his devotion to the chivalrous ideal.
She was Countess of Luxembourg by her marriage to Henry V of Luxembourg.
He married firstly, in 1559, Elisabeth of Brandenburg-Küstrin.
In 1770, he joined the Palatinate Academy of Sciences in Mannheim.
William Douglas, 10th Earl of Angus was a Scottish nobleman.
Following the execution of her husband in 1330 for usurping power in England, Joan was once more taken into custody.
She was arrested shortly after the plot was discovered, but was released on a bond put up by Lewis Pickering.
Henry of Eppenstein was Duke of Carinthia and Margrave of Verona from 1090 to 1122.
Jan Tomasz Zamoyski was a Polish political activist.
Slimane was one of five sons of Mohammed III who fought a civil war for control of the kingdom.
On his return, in 1111, he was murdered.
In 1844 he was the assistant government agent of Colombo.
Her affair with Juan is sometimes said to be the reason for Cesare's alleged murder of Juan in 1497.
Keith Busby, Terry Nixon, Alison Stones and Lori Walters,, 210.
Adalbero III was also present at the council in Rome in 1050 where Bishop Gerard of Toul was canonized.
Almodis and Hugh of Lusignan divorced due to consanguinity, and Hugh arranged for her to marry Count Pons of Toulouse in 1040.
Afonso de Albuquerque, Duke of Goa]; c. 1453 – 16 December 1515), was a Portuguese general, a "great conqueror", a statesman, and an empire builder.
This was the moment de Grouchy and his men had waited for.
They also enjoyed the support of Basarab I of Wallachia.
After the partition, he ruled the Silesian Duchy of Legnica until his death.
He was born in Paris, the eldest son of Louis Philippe, comte de Ségur and Antoinette Élisabeth d'Aguesseau.
As a result, in 1656 he was imprisoned in Amiens.
Many of the family estates were confiscated by the crown and the position of Chief Butler passed to the d'Aubigny family.
Bertrada of Laon, also known as Bertrada the Younger or Bertha Broadfoot, was a Frankish queen.
Lettice FitzGerald, 1st Baroness Offaly was an Irish noblewoman and a member of the FitzGerald dynasty.
As his eldest son, Robert, predeceased him, he was succeeded by his second son William.
He was the ruling Lord of Pfeffingen and was married to Adelaied of Hohenlohe.
Firlej married Katarzyna Teczynska and together they had three children: Jan Firlej, Mikołaj Firlej and Andrzej Firlej.
Eleanor of Prussia was a princess of the Duchy of Prussia by birth and Electress of Brandenburg by marriage.
She had two older half-sisters from her father's first marriage, an elder Beatrice and Margaret.
Her husband was Ranulf de Gernon, 4th Earl of Chester.
In 924, the emperor died and Hugh of Arles was elected by his partisans to oppose Rudolph.
La Trémoille was a deputy for Gironde from 1906 to 1919, and mayor of Margaux from 1904 to 1919.
Beata, in 1334 married Albert IV, Duke of Saxe-Lauenburg
Emmanuel Lebrecht of Anhalt-Köthen, was a German prince of the House of Ascania and ruler of the principality of Anhalt-Köthen.
He held the title of Marquis de La Force until he succeeded his father as duc de La Force in 1761.
He was the great-great-grandfather of King Rudolph I of Germany.
Siegfried III, Count of Weimar-Orlamünde was a member of the House of Ascania and a ruling Count of Weimar-Orlamünde.
She gave the libertine poet her friendship and protection.
Alice de Lusignan was the first wife of Marcher baron Gilbert de Clare, 7th Earl of Gloucester and half-niece of King Henry III of England.
Raoul II of Brienne was the son of Raoul I of Brienne, Count of Eu and Guînes and Jeanne de Mello.
In 853 he was named missus dominicus by Charles the Bald, King of West Francia.
Henri de Talleyrand-Périgord, comte de Chalais was a favorite of Louis XIII of France.
She was a member of the House of Bellême.
She died before he became King, and was therefore never Queen.
In 1219, Bouchard was captured in battle and would be imprisoned in Ghent for two years.
He married Countess Teresa Janina Zamoyska on 22 July 1925 in Warsaw.
For the diplomat of the same name, see Bernardino de Mendoza
He has been praised as a lover of history and science.
She was later forced to return the church and excommunicated.
He was called 'The White Earl' and was esteemed for his learning.
Sancha's brother, Alfonso of Aragon, married Lucrezia Borgia.
Hugh married Melisende of Crécy, the daughter of Lord Guy I of Montlhéry.
Don Jacobo Fitz-James Stuart y Falcó, 17th Duke of Alba de Tormes, Grandee of Spain was a Spanish noble, diplomat, politician and art collector.
She was the third daughter of William the Silent and his third spouse Charlotte of Bourbon.
Løvenskiold is a Dano-Norwegian noble family of German origin.
Members of the family now live primarily in Norway.
He was the son of Margrave Charles I of Baden and Catherine of Austria.
Countess Walburgis of Rietberg was 1565-1576 and 1584-1586 Countess of Rietberg.
From 1988 to 1990, he was Director of Guinness Mahon, and from 1988 to 1994 Director of Nester-BNA.
With her, he had two more sons:
After his father's death in 1418, John Jacob received the investiture as marquess by emperor Sigismund.
He was the heir-general of George Plantagenet, the younger brother of Edward IV of England.
Amanieu VIII was the Lord of Albret from 1298 until his death; the son of Amanieu VII.
Lubomirski was the son of voivode and starost Stanisław Lubomirski and Princess Zofia Ostrogska.
Judith was the daughter of William d'Évreux and Hawise de Giroie, widow of Robert I de Grantmesnil.
A few months later, after the St. Batholomew massacre, the couple had forcibly been converted to Roman Catholicism and remarried according to Catholic rites.
Pedro Gomes de Abreu was a Portuguese nobleman, Lord of Regalados.
On the following morning Ulrich II of Celje was killed by Hunyadi's men in unclear circumstances.
Juan Manuel Pérez de Guzmán y Silva was a Spanish noble and 8th Duke of Medina Sidonia.
He refused to join the "Lubomirski Rokosz" of his father in 1665–1666.
Çelebi’s forces marched across the Čemernik, sacked Vranje and attacked Novo Brdo, and Uglješa itself barely managed to retreat alive.
The Duchy of Schleswig and the County of Holstein-Rendsburg were then under one ruler.
William VII of Montpellier was the eldest son of William VI and of his wife Sibylle.
August, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Beck was a German nobleman.
A large part of the Lordship of Bilstein south of Marburg, plus the bailiff of Hersfeld Abbey
George I of Pomerania was a Duke of Pomerania from the House of Griffins.
So, she was a granddaughter of Emperor Henry IV.
John Neville, 1st Marquess of Montagu KG was a major magnate of fifteenth-century England.
He fought against Tatars in 1516–1519, 1519–1521 and 1523–1524 but inefficiently commanded the Polish cavalry during the war with the Teutonic Order.
He was the son of Count Henry Ernest of Stolberg and his wife Anna Elisabeth.
Marie de Foix, married Guglielmo VIII, Marquis of Montferrat, son of Giangiacomo of Montferrat and his wife Jeanne de Savoie
The son, however, appears to have held different views.
His father, Bernhard III was president of the Reichskammergericht from 1510 to 1520.
Among 14 children, he was the second oldest son.
Louban was the son of Qiuliju, a Wuhuan leader.
Bernardine of Lippe was a Countess of Lippe by birth and by marriage Countess of Leiningen-Leiningen.
In 1147, he inherited Arlon, his younger brother Waleran having died without children.
He married Yolande I, Countess of Nevers.
In her marriage contract, she was called 'Anne de Boulogne fille de Jehan Comte de Boulogne et Auvergne.'
Her father was Hugh de Kevelioc, 5th Earl of Chester.
Anna was the eldest daughter of John IV, Count of Nassau-Dillenburg, and his wife Maria, the daughter of John II, Lord of Jülich, Heinsberg and Löwenberg.
Cleves and Marck were reunited again 4 years later, when Dietrich died and was succeeded by Adolph IV.
In 1401, she started a new marriage with the Duke of Bavaria but had no children.
Treschow belongs to the Danish and Norwegian noble family of Treschow.
His mother was Gertrude, the sister of Pope Leo IX.
He served also as Marshal of the Court of Lithuania from 1781 until 1783 and Grand Marshal of the Crown from 1783 until 1793.
Nicholas, Lord of Rostock, nicknamed the child was a member of the House of Mecklenburg.
He was vice wojewoda of Polotsk and chamberlain of Polotsk from 1673.
Thomas I, Marquess of Saluzzo; succeeded Manfred as Marquess of Saluzzo.
She was the daughter of Mikołaj Radziwiłł and his first wife, Zofia Moniwidówna.
Catherine was the widow of Thomas Lucy of Charlecote Park, a captain in the Royal Horse Guards.
Magdalene Sibylle of Prussia was an Electress of Saxony as the spouse of John George I, Elector of Saxony.
She was one of the closest friends of the famous French Minister of Foreign Affairs, Charles Maurice de Talleyrand-Périgord.
Sir Thomas Burgh succeeded to the title of 3rd Lord Burgh [E., 1529] on 10 September 1584, by writ.
Claude de Beauharnais was a French nobleman.
Other sources place the timing of the event after 736.
Aboazar is the subject of a traditional heroic tale, the Miragaia.
The poem ‘Camma’ by Oscar Wilde has been seen as a hedonistic commentary on Plutarch's Camma.
He was a son of Thomas, Count of Savoy and Margaret of Geneva.
Dirk became his successor, Dirk VI of Holland, while Floris became known as Floris the Black and contested his brother's power.
In the Great Turkish War, he served as an officer in the army of Emperor Leopold I.
Albert and his brothers Hugh, Adalbert, and Obizzo all carried the title margrave.
Jean-Baptiste Antoine Colbert, Marquis de Seignelay was a French politician.
Roland from the kindred Rátót Roland; died 1277 or 1278) was a Hungarian influential lord, who held several important secular positions for decades.
Henry of Speyer, a member of the Salian dynasty, was count in the Rhenish Franconian Wormsgau.
Returning from there, he died in Rolduc.
Michel de Montaigne dedicated the twenty-sixth of his Essais to her.
Gundakar of Liechtenstein was a member of the House of Liechtenstein and as such the owner of a large estate.
He is known as Ludwig II or Louis II as Duke of Bavaria, and also as Louis the Strict.
Gaspard I de Coligny, Count of Coligny, seigneur de Châtillon, known as the Marshal of Châtillon, was a French soldier.
Richardis of Sualafeldgau was the first Austrian royal consort as the wife of Leopold I, Margrave of Austria.
From 1642 to 1666, he ruled Schwarzburg-Ebeleben, from 1666 until his death, he ruled Schwarzburg-Arnstadt.
Warwick was one of the main architects behind the Ordinances of 1311, that limited the powers of the king and banished Gaveston into exile.
His paternal grandparents were Alfonso X of Castile and Violant of Aragon.
The defenders were caught completely by surprise and both town and citadel was taken.
He was Marshal of the Sejm from 15 January to 26 February 1609 and 13 February to 13 March 1618 in Warsaw.
In 1590, he converted in 1590 from Lutheranism to the Roman Catholic confession, causing some political turmoil.
Eric of Brunswick-Grubenhagen was from 1508 to 1532 prince-bishop of Paderborn and Osnabrück.
He took part in Buckingham's rebellion, and was beheaded on Tower Hill on 4 December 1483.
Christopher and Albert took several loans from George and the latter was cited before the Reichskammergericht for breach of the peace.
Lady Caroline Emily Nevill, an early photographer
He was interested in the latest scientific advances.
She was a daughter of John Adolf, Duke of Holstein-Gottorp and Princess Augusta of Denmark.
in 1225 to Henry "the Profane" of Babenberg, a son of Margrave Leopold IV of Austria
Through her mother she was the granddaughter of King Henry III of England and Eleanor of Provence.
She was interred in the Cistercian monastery of Seligenthal in Landshut.
On 27 December 1857 she married Prince William of Hesse-Philippsthal-Barchfeld, son of Landgrave Charles.
He did not retain that estate as part of his duchy, however, re-selling it in 1662 to Frederick von Ahlefeld.
Sophie of Brandenburg was a Princess of Brandenburg and by marriage Electress of Saxony.
Raoul married Elisabeth, daughter of Walter III of Châtillon, and later remarried to Philippe of Dammartin, daughter of Simon of Dammartin.
Henry was one of the most notable earlier "oligarchs", who ruled de facto independently their dominion during the era of feudal anarchy.
Alice de la Roche, Lady of Beirut, Regent of Beirut was the wife of John II of Ibelin, Lord of Beirut, in the Kingdom of Jerusalem.
She was a member of the Reuss-Ebersdorf line from the Reuss-Lobenstein.
Sophie of Solms-Laubach, was a Countess of Solms-Laubach by birth and Margravine of Brandenburg-Ansbach by marriage.
Eleanor of Châtillon, married Jean III Malet, Lord of Graville
Walrad, married in 1678 Catherine Françoise of Croÿ-Roeulx
There is also a "motte" at Fichlie.
Sophia Eleonore of Hesse-Darmstadt, was Landgravine of Hesse-Darmstadt by birth and by marriage Landgravine of Hesse-Homburg.
Margery de Burgh, was a Norman- Irish noblewoman and the wife of Theobald Le Botiller.
He was promoted to the title of Amir-ul-Mamalik by the Emperor Alamgir II.
Dom Rui Gomes da Silva, 1st Prince of Eboli, was a Portuguese noble and one of King Philip II of Spain's main advisers.
Mikołaj Hieronim Sieniawski was a Polish noble, military leader and politician.
Her maternal grandparents were Gilbert of Bourbon, Count of Montpensier, and Clara Gonzaga.
With his help she managed to maintain the county for her son Dirk III, acting as regent.
Two years later, in 1219, he was appointed head of Nyitra County.
It was named after its possession at Blanquefort and an inheritance from Catherine de Roquefeuil in 1381, and its members included
For his victory near Ochakiv against the forces of Mehmet Girey he was awarded with the title of Grand Hetman of Lithuania.
Son of fallen at the battle of Cecora Walenty Aleksander Kalinowski.
His father was Diether VIII, a count of Katzenelnbogen from the younger line of the House of Katzenelnbogen, and ruled mainly in Upper Katzenelnbogen.
He gathered a force and led it against the Milanese troops and was defeated.
Aubrey de Vere, 1st Earl of Oxford was a noble involved in the succession conflict between King Stephen and Empress Matilda in the mid-twelfth century.
Elisabeth Berthier de Wagram,, married Prince Henri de La Tour d'Auvergne-Lauraguais
John Adolphus, also known as Hans Adolf, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Plön, married Dorothea of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel
He was killed by Godfrey II, Duke of Lower Lorraine in battle for Godfrey's claim of Count of Verdun.
At the age of eighty-four, she wrote an account covering the first part of her life.
He originally supported Fulk, but reversed his allegiance and was imprisoned by Lancelin de Beaugency only to be released in 1090 with a ransom.
As prime minister from 1621 to 1643, he over-exerted Spain in foreign affairs and unsuccessfully attempted domestic reform.
Roger I was the count of Carcassonne from c. 1000 and, as Roger II, count of Comminges and Couserans.
In 1658, Kirill Naryshkin served as head of a Streltsy unit in Smolensk.
In the same year he married Giovanna de' Roberti.
Excluding Gille Christ he is counted as sixth Mormaer or Earl of Mar.
Ramon Berenguer the Towhead, so called because of the thickness and colour of his hair, was killed while hunting in the woods in 1082.
She is frequently compared to her close contemporary Matilda of Tuscany.
In the same year he granted Aosta Valley the "Charte des Franchises", recognising the right to administrative and political autonomy.
Stanisław Koniecpolski was married to Eugenia Katarzyna Wiśniowiecka.
He was the son and successor of Jordan IV and his first wife Faidiva.
He allied himself with Rupert, King of Germany, supporting his coronation in Aachen and remained closely connected with the House of Orléans.
He belonged the Muslim Nait community which had ruled the Carnatic under the Nawab Zulfiqar Ali Khan during the reign of the Mughal Emperor Aurangzeb.
He was installed by king Louis the Pious, and remained a Frankish vassal.
Tarło was canon of Kraków, dean of Przemyśl and Archbishop of Lwów from 1561.
Hafiz Rahmat Khan Barech was Regent of Rohilkhand in North India, from 1749 to 1774.
He married twice: first to Clara of Brunswick-Lüneburg, daughter of Francis, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg, then to Anna of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg, daughter of John II, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg.
Simon August ruled until 1747 under the guardianship of his mother.
José Trasimundo Mascarenhas Barreto, 7th Marquis of Fronteira; was a Portuguese nobleman and politician.
Moreover, Reynold's seal refers to his origin from the kindred Rátót.
Unlike the latter, Giovanni enjoyed good health and was seen by Cosimo as his probable successor.
Dates have been given as: reign of King Stefan Dušan; 1360–70; and 1370s.
Together William and Hawisa had a daughter:
Walter Hungerford, 1st Baron Hungerford of Heytesbury, was created Baron Hungerford of Heytesbury in 1536.
Toiras famously sustained the 3-month Siege of Saint-Martin-de-Ré in Île de Ré by the Duke of Buckingham in 1627.
Humphrey Dacre, 1st Baron Dacre of Gilsland, who married Mabel Parr, and by her had six sons and three daughters.
Charles Godefroy de La Trémoille, canon, born on 27 September 1765 and guillotined on 15 June 1794.
He was the son of Count John Louis of Salm-Dhaun and his wife, Elisabeth of Salm-Neufville.
He was noted for his convivial habits and his dislike of soap and water.
Aboazar married Unisco Godins, daughter of Godinho, Count of Asturias.
In this capacity, he served as tutor and guardian of the young Margaret, sister of Joanna, Countess of Flanders and Hainault.
Catherine of Cleves; married Antoine III of Croy and Henry I, Duke of Guise.
Lady Augusta Gordon was a British noblewoman.
Georg, Duke of Hohenberg, is a grandson of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria and his morganatic wife Sophie, Duchess of Hohenberg.
The latter two ventures, particularly the financing of the Theatre, bankrupted him, and he fell out with both James Burbage and Robert Miles.
He married Joanna, Duchess of Brabant and Limburg in 1334, but had no issue.
Stanisław Antoni Szczuka h. Grabie [ˈʂt͡ʂuka] was a Polish noble, talented politician and political writer.
He was the son of Esteban Fernández de Castro, Lord of Lemos and Sarria, and Alzonza Rodríguez de León.
Vojin plundered Dubrovnik in August 1325, and took part in the Battle of Velbazhd, and the southern military campaigns of the Serbian Empire.
Eric himself probably died on 21 December or 22 December 1508.
Then, on 2 September 1595, he commanded more than 500 cavalry, in the battle on the Lippe, along with his brothers Louis Gunther and Ernst Casimir.
Various Novgorodian factions still conspired against him and sought to place his brother Vasily of Kostroma or Alexander's son Dmitri of Pereslavl on the throne.
This started a new feud with Holland which ended in 1412 when Reinald ceded Gorinchem for a large sum of money.
He also became head of the Patak ispánate, a royal estate and master of the chariots, holding the latter office until 1275.
In 1468 he won the Battle of Straelen against Cleves, but Charles the Bold reinstated his father Arnold, and Adolf was imprisoned in Hesdin.
Elizabeth Herbert, 3rd Baroness Herbert was the sole heir and daughter of William Herbert, 2nd Earl of Pembroke, and his first wife, Mary Woodville.
Louise Charlotte was born Duchess of Mecklenburg-Schwerin, her father being Friedrich Franz I, Grand Duke of Mecklenburg-Schwerin.
Barnim VII was the son of Duke Barnim VI, Duke of Pomerania.
Bernard and Henry ruled the Principality of Brunswick together after Frederick's death; in a treaty of 1409, Bernard received sole rule over Brunswick.
In 1391–1396 Spytek reclaimed the Land of Wieluń  and Orzeszków from Prince Władysław Opolczyk.
He and Thérésa were interred under the sacristy of the church of Chimay.
He was an adult at his father's death in 1278, having been co-ruler since 1276.
Jonas Goštautas secured positions as palatine of Trakai in 1433, and from 1443 palatine of Vilnius and Chancellor of Lithuania.
The lament was probably commissioned by Purcell for his impending death.
John III of Nassau-Weilburg was a son of Count Philip II and his wife Margaret of Loon.
She was born at the castle of Burlats and is therefore called contessa de Burlatz in the vida of Arnaut de Mareuil.
After Christian II died in 1233, Otto I acted as guardian for the underage John I.
He was the ruling Count of Ravensberg from 1306 until his death.
His birth name is Husayn Dost Khan.
He had many children, helping to lay the foundation for the later success of the Hokke.
After losing both her husband and her eldest son in 1568, Anna Maria fell madly in love with the young Landgrave George I of Hesse-Darmstadt.
Engelbert II, a member of the House of Sponheim, was Margrave of Istria and Carniola from about 1103/07 until 1124.
Gojko Balšić and his brothers George Strez and John were the lords of Misia, a coastal area from the White Drin towards the Adriatic.
The church was erected on site of an older temple from the 10th century, mentioned in a charter edited by Byzantine Emperor Basil II in 1020.
Almost immediately he had to deal with an invasion by Ozbek Khan of the Golden Horde.
He also had two illegitimate children : Sara and Scipione.
William IX was marquess of Montferrat from 1494 until his death.
Myntha Elisabeth of Cleves was the daughter of the Duke of Cleves - Adolf III of the Marck and Margaret of Jülich.
He was one of the initiators of the Commission for National Education.
The court was reportedly influenced by her beauty and by the fact that she was related to and acquainted with several members of the court.
She was the mother of Thomas Howard, 3rd Duke of Norfolk.
He was a son of William IV of Bronckhorst and Kunigunde of Moers.
In 1470, he married Margaret, the daughter of Count Palatine Louis I "the Black" of Zweibrücken-Veldenz.
Prince Andrzej Poniatowski was a Polish nobleman, General and Field Marshal.
He was a son of John IV and his wife, Cordula of Gemen.
In 1004, Jaromír occupied Prague with a German army and made himself Duke.
She is also known to history as Marie of Swabia.
Agnese di Montefeltro was the daughter of Federico da Montefeltro, duke of Urbino and of his second wife, Battista Sforza.
He was the father of Emperor Lothair II.
She was the subject of three portraits in mezzotint published by Alexander Browne after Sir Peter Lely.
By appointing Johann, John II thwarted the intentions of Archbishop Rupert of Cologne, who had a different reform candidate in mind.
Agnes of Merania, a member of the House of Andechs was an Austrian royal consort.
He was the first president of the Reichskammergericht.
He abdicated the throne of Tafilalt in 1636 in favour of his eldest of fifteen sons, Muhammad ibn Sharif.
Following the example of most of his ancestors, he was a patron of Saint Victor in Marseille.
Her role mainly extended to accompanying the queen on her travels and acting as her intermediary in the royal household.
He was succeeded by his son, William V.
It also appears he restored the episcopal see of Oca.
Prince Eustachy Stanisław Sanguszko was a Polish noble, conservative politician.
Du Bo was the Duke of Tangdu during the reign of Zhou Xuan Wang.
Jean de Montfort was count of Squillace, seigneur of la Ferté-Alais, of Bréthencourt, and of Castres-en-Albigeois from 1270 to 1300.
He was the son of Eustace I, Count of Bologne and of Maud de Leuven.
Leopold of Anhalt-Köthen was a German prince of the House of Ascania and ruler of the principality of Anhalt-Köthen.
He contributed periodically to al-Muqattam, where his economic and financial studies were well received.
with whom he had five surviving children:
Her son Stanisław became Grand Treasurer of Lithuania.
The couple were married by proxy in March 1247 and the marriage contract was signed on 21 April 1247.
Marie Françoise Catherine de Beauvau-Craon, marquise de Boufflers, commonly known as Madame de Boufflers, was a French noblewoman.
Wounded in the encounter, he was sent to Cordoba as a trophy, but died at Medinaceli in June 995.
Guiscarda's mother acted as primary regent, Guiscarda only secondarily.
He and his wife are mentioned several times in the Zimmern Chronicle, which was written by their son-in-law, Count Froben Christoph of Zimmern.
Alexius, Louis's successor as Prince of Bentheim and Steinfurt
Captain Lord Robert Manners was an officer of the Royal Navy and nobleman, the second son of John Manners, Marquess of Granby and Lady Frances Seymour.
All grand dukes of Baden descend from her, via her son Charles II.
Humberge's cousin was married to Ralph the Red of Pont-Echanfrey who also travelled with her husband on crusade.
He was regent of the House of Rosenberg from 1472 to 1475.
He lost his office when his king suffered a decisive defeat at Székesfehérvár on 19 June 1163 against Stephen III of Hungary.
She was found guilty but spared execution, and was eventually pardoned by the King and released from the Tower of London in early 1622.
Magdalena of Nassau-Dillenburg was a daughter of William I, Count of Nassau-Dillenburg and his second wife, Juliana of Stolberg.
He was appointed hereditary Chief Butler to King William, just as he had been in Normandy.
John III, Margrave of Brandenburg-Salzwedel, nicknamed John from Prague was the eldest son of Margrave Otto III and his wife, Beatrice of Bohemia.
Three of their sons were born at Waldau.
Gojko or Gojslav was the Ban of Croatia from c.1060 to c.1070.
He was at first an employee of Imad ul mulk.
He was part of the generation of Serbian nobility that were empowered in the early 14th century.
Thomas Arundell, 2nd Baron Arundell of Wardour was an English nobleman son of Thomas Arundell, 1st Baron Arundell of Wardour and Lady Mary Wriothesley.
Henry X, Count of Reuss-Lobenstein was a German nobleman, and rector of the University of Leipzig.
Their assassination in Sarajevo sparked a series of events that eventually led to World War I.
Julius II appeared in the contemporary records since 1274.
He was married on 22 July 1920, to Marie de La Rochefoucauld.
He seems particularly to have complained about the lack of landed estate that his new marquisate brought with it, calling it a 'pie's nest'.
Through his mother, John inherited the County of Forez.
Raoul married Alix de Breteuil, daughter of Valerian III, Seigneur de Breteuil, and his wife Haldeburge, lady of Tartigny.
He then helped in the Italian wars and two missions to Scotland in 1548.
Although he remained undefeated, he promised to resume the payment of tribute.
William Hastings, 1st Baron Hastings KG was an English nobleman.
Unlike his predecessors, Ratimir experienced a rift in relations with the Christian Byzantine Empire.
He co-authored the Constitution of 3 May 1791.
Altoman Vojinović was a Serbian magnate who served Emperor Stefan Dušan as župan and Emperor Uroš V as veliki župan.
Rudolf inherited Baden, together with his brother Herman VI, until Herman VI married into the Austrian ducal family.
Horvat himself was also granted the city of Omiš by King Tvrtko.
Magnus was the son of Magnus the Pious, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg.
He died in 1555 and was succeeded by his daughter, Jeanne III.
Ulrich II, a member of the House of Sponheim, was Duke of Carinthia from 1181 until his death.
François-Joseph-Philippe de Riquet, comte de Caraman was the 16th Prince de Chimay from 24 July 1804 to 1843.
A magnificent epitaph in the St. Michael Church, the former Abbey Church, in Thorn, commemorates her.
In Limburg, he was the first Count named Arnold and hence just the name distinctive.
Hungarian king Géza II surrounded Byzantine-held Braničevo and devastated the surrounding area.
George Nevill, de facto 13th Baron Bergavenny was an English peer.
He was the son of Françoise Charlotte d'Aubigné, niece of Madame de Maintenon.
Aleksander became Great Chorąży of the Crown in 1693 and starost of Korsuń, Busk, Ukraine and Dzwinogród.
Prince Tadas Pranciškus Andrius Oginskis was a szlachcic from the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.
Renaud then went to Greece, where after five years of service as a knight, he was appointed lord of Karytaina by Geoffrey of Villehardouin.
He had two sons named Abu'l-Faraj Muhammad and Abu Muhammad al-Fasanjas, who also served the Buyids under high office.
Son of Peter, Count of Nógrád, and Sebe Debrői.
Louis I of Zweibrücken was Count Palatine and Duke of Zweibrücken and of Veldenz in 1444–1489.
He married Fides, daughter of Wilfred II of Cerdanya, to whom he had sold the archdiocese in 1016.
He restored the abbey of Sparro, which they had destroyed, and gave it to the archiepiscopal see of Aix.
In response, he was kidnapped along with his son Seweryn and two other prominent Polish politicians by Russian agents and imprisoned in Kaluga.
He was titular Duke of Opava and canon of Wrocław, Olomouc and Vienna, as well as Provost of the St. Othmar parish in Mödling.
Under James I, Northumberland was a long-term prisoner in the Tower of London.
His rule as marquis of Namur was a peaceful one, in which he devoted himself to encouraging commerce, industry and the building of fortifications.
Edward I, was the Count of Bar from 1302 to his death.
One of the first Polish politicians in Galicia.
In fact Ali Pasha's two sons Muktar Pasha and Veil Pasha are known to have served under the command of Ibrahim Bushati in 1806.
Jerzy was married to Marie Čermáková, married on May 2, 1861 in Vienna; his brother-in-law was the painter Jaroslav Čermák.
He also fought at the Battle of Pavia in 1525.
Before the crusade, he was the advocate of Mont-Notre-Dame and brother of Hugh, lord of Bazoches-sur-Vesles.
She was the mother of Arbella Stuart, a close claimant to the English and Scottish thrones.
Henry was the fourth son of Magnus with the Necklace, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg.
At its zenith, the Bhopal state comprised a territory of around 7,000 square miles.
He served with distinction in North Africa and in Italy
For 30,000 talars, the mission ransomed prisoners from battle of Cecora, including Stanisław Koniecpolski.
Her second husband was William de Beauchamp, 9th Earl of Warwick, a celebrated soldier.
He was a younger son of Count Hugh II of Rethel and his wife, Felicitas of Broyes.
He took command of the French Army of Westphalia in 1758 during the Seven Years' War due to dissatisfaction with the previous commanders.
He was killed in the Battle of the Leitha River, leaving no male heirs.
She is also known as Alix de Courtenay.
She was a member of the House of Savoy by birth and by her first marriage she was Marchioness consort of Saluzzo.
Bernard Plantapilosa, or Plantevelue, son of Bernard of Septimania and Dhuoda, was the Count of Auvergne from 872 to his death.
He contributed to the organization of the Paris Colonial Exposition of 1931.
In 1178 Hugh married Adelaide de La Garde de Vallon.
He has a medal called General Ángel Trías Álvarez.
Jadwiga Snopkowska was the first wife of Marek Sobieski, the mother of Jakub Sobieski and the grandmother of King John III Sobieski of Poland.
It was then considered to have one of the finest interiors in London, and still remains today.
François succeeded his brother Henri in 1616 and became Duke of Luxembourg and Governor of Senlis.
Jeanne de Ponthieu, dame d'Épernon, Countess of Vendôme and of Castres was a French noblewoman, the youngest daughter of Jean II de Ponthieu, Count of Aumale.
Béla Vörösmarty was a Hungarian jurist and politician, son of poet Mihály Vörösmarty and Laura Csajághy and brother of Ilona Vörösmarty.
Piers would later hold the title of Earl of Ormond.
He was killed in the Battle of Mohi on 11 April 1241 and later replaced by Paul Geregye.
Robert III of Dreux, Count of Dreux and Braine, was the son of Robert II, Count of Dreux, and Yolanda de Coucy.
In 1186, Agnes' husband accompanied Henry VI, Holy Roman Emperor, to the Kingdom of Sicily.
Augustus the Elder, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg was the Lutheran Bishop of Ratzeburg from 1610 to 1636 and the Prince of Lüneburg from 1633 to 1636.
It isn't known if he participated in the Battle of Ankara, but he joined Ottoman forces sent by Süleyman Çelebi.
However, this also led to the duchy being pulled into all of Sweden's conflicts, including the Great Northern War and several wars with Denmark.
Otto II, the Rich, a member of the House of Wettin, was Margrave of Meissen from 1156 until his death.
August of Saxe-Weissenfels, was a member of the Albertine branch of the House of Wettin.
Zuzanna Korwin Gosiewska was a Polish noblewoman.
He was the son of Jan IV of Nassau and his wife Maria of Loon-Heinsberg.
He is best known as the leader of the Star League, an alliance of local nobles against the Landgraves Henry II and Herman II of Hesse.
Count Günther VII of Schwarzburg was Count of Schwarzburg-Blankenburg from 1236 until his death.
He had also several cousins, including the influential lords Atyusz III, Lawrence and Sal.
From 1953 to 1957 he held the position of French Minister Plenipotentiary to the United States and to Canada.
He succeeded his older brother Jovan Dragaš, who had been an Ottoman vassal since the Battle of Maritsa which had devastated part of the Serbian nobility.
Albert III was from 1284 the sole ruler of Stargard and Lychen.
Thence, the nobles of Pomerania-Stolp robbed the Teutonic knights and their supply routes, provoking a counter-attack that destroyed many noble strongholds and the fortifications of Köslin.
A Pashtun from Tirah, Dost Mohammad Khan joined the Mughal imperial army at Delhi in 1703.
Her great-grandfather was Henry I of Montbéliard.
He reformed the administration of Poitiers by naming a provost and died there, being buried at Maillezais, being succeeded by his half-brother Odo.
Giso IV married Kunigunde, the daughter of Count Rugger II of Bilstein.
Hugh I was duke of Burgundy between 1076 and 1079.
He took the name Villain, a name synonymous with peasant or farm boy.
In 891, he organised the transferral of the abbey of Saint-Loup to within the walls of the town.
Albert I was the eldest son of the Duke Ernest the elder of Grubenhagen and his wife, Adelheid of Eberstein.
In 1882, she married Count Felix Felixovich Sumarokov-Elston, who served briefly as General Governor of Moscow.
Oda Nobunaga was a powerful Daimyō of Japan in the late 16th century who attempted to unify Japan during the late Sengoku period.
He was governor of Silesia, and High Chamberlain in Bohemia.
While there, she provided Tadeusz Kościuszko with organisational and financial help in January 1793.
She married in 1615 Count William Louis of Nassau-Saarbrücken and had the following children:
Dragoš and veliki vojvoda Novak Grebostrek are the only nobility mentioned in Danilo II's Život kraljeva i arhiepiskopa srpskih.
William White Hands, 1135–1202, Archbishop of Reims 1176–1202, Cardinal 1179
Countess Mária Matild Georgina Festetics de Tolna, who married Prince Karl Emil von Fürstenberg.
Manasses V was married to Elisabeth of Écry and was the father of:
Charles II, his successor, elevated to Duke of Brienne in 1587
He married Elizabeth Beckford, daughter of Peter Beckford and sister of William Beckford on 14 February 1745, by whom he had children including:
Marshal of the Coronation Sejm in December 3–20, 1764 in Warsaw.
In 1697, he was raised to Prince of Schwarzburg.
He was one of the first members of the expedition to land in Bannow Bay in May 1169, along with Meiler FitzHenry and Miles FitzDavid.
On 16 October 1459 Grgur died in Hilandar.
Lancaster was killed at the Battle of Baugé while Somerset and Thomas were captured.
Isabella de Vesci, also Isabella de Beaumont, was a prominent noblewoman allied to Isabella of France during the reign of Edward II of England.
Bencion nevertheless succeeded him on his death.
Her second husband was William II of Béthune.
He was an important advisor to King James I, serving as Lord Privy Seal.
His two sons did not survive to continue the family.
Since Theodore was blind, he installed his son John as ruler and retired to Vodena.
Princess Eleonore-Christine of Schaumburg-Lippe is the daughter of Prince Waldemar of Schaumburg-Lippe and his first wife, Anne-Lise Johansen.
He founded the modern city of Bhopal, the capital of the Madhya Pradesh state.
Catalan Grimaldi, was Lord of Monaco from 1454 until 1457.
He married Almodis de Montberon and his children included Eble II of Ventadorn.
Conrad Detlev, married in 1731 Wilhelmina Augusta, daughter of Prince Christian Charles of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Plön-Norburg;
Prince Hieronim Augustyn Lubomirski was a Polish noble, magnate, politician and outstanding military commander.
As Henry's vassals, Bogislaw and his brother participated in the defeat of the Rani principality in 1168 led by allied Denmark.
Philipp-Ernst, Prince of Schaumburg-Lippe was a head of the Princely House of Schaumburg-Lippe.
Margaret of Hanau was the only daughter of Count Reinhard III of Hanau and his wife Countess Palatine Margaret of Mosbach.
Wacław Potocki was a Polish nobleman, moralist, poet, and writer.
He received Saxe-Gotha as an apanage, but left its administration to his eldest brother.
Katarzyna Potocka was a Polish noble lady.
Berenguer Ramon the Fratricide was later succeeded by Ramon Berenguer's son, Ramon Berenguer III.
She and Sancho had at least two sons:
On the accession of James II in 1685, he presented him with a manuscript, giving an account of the Channel Islands, with suggestions for their defence.
He was born sometime before 1347 to Count Conrad I of Oldenburg and Ingeborg of Brunswick.
He ruled in Pomerania-Stettin together with his brother Otto II from 1413 to 1428.
In 1461 he was made a Knight of the Bath.
From his parents he inherited the castle of Conches and Mehun.
On 11 July 1423, Arnold of Egmond, who was still a boy in years, succeeded Duke Reinald IV.
In 1270, Pribislaw renounced his claims to Parchim-Richenberg and returned to Białogard, where he died after 12 February 1275
John Neville, 3rd Baron Neville de Raby, KG was an English peer and soldier.
Elisabeth of Hesse was a German noblewoman.
He was a member of the Neuhaus family, a branch of the Vítkovci dynasty.
From 1804, he had his own infantry regiment "Count Salern", which had been formed from the Royal Bavarian Infantry Regiment No.
John III drowned off the island of Poel on 27 May 1289 and was buried in the Franciscan monastery in Wismar.
As Julius I had no descendants, his brother Rathold, ispán of Somogy County carried on the clan's name through his two sons.
The Oztoticpic Lands map was likely created between 1540 and 1544, as part of an effort to reclaim land held by Don Carlos.
Aleksander owned cities and estates of Dąbrowa and Otwinów.
Abul Amlak Sidi Muhammad as-Sharif ibn 'Ali was the prince of Tafilalt from 1631 to 1636.
On 24 August 1758, he was created Maréchal de France.
He was Minister of Foreign Affairs from 17 June to 23 July 1792 in the Government of Louis XVI.
Bernard Rogers comital status is attested in the donation to the abbey of Saint-Hilaire in 1011.
As empress-mother, she exerted more influence and power than the empress-consort, Irene Doukaina, a woman whom she hated because of past intrigues with the Doukas family.
William was the third son of William V of Aquitaine, the eldest by his third wife, Agnes of Burgundy.
Heinrich XXIX Reuss, Count of Reuss-Ebersdorf was a member of the House of Reuss Younger Line and Count Ebersdorf from 1711 until his death
He was also ispán or head of a number of counties over his lifetime.
Dorothea Christina von Aichelberg was the spouse of Prince Christian Charles of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Plön-Norburg as Frau von Karlstein.
Gilbert of Chalon or Giselbert was count of Chalon, Autun, Troyes, Avallon and Dijon, and duke of Burgundy between 952 and 956.
Together with Peter Losha, he led raids into Epirus, Acarnania and Aetolia in 1358.
He was the ruling count of Thuringia from 1056 until his death.
Soon afterward he began writing the novel Séraphîta, which includes a character based on Hańska.
Joachim Ernest II, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Plön-Rethwisch m Isabella of Merode-Westerloo
He was given the title marchio by Charles in 915.
His heirs, e.g., his sons like Martynas Goštautas, perhaps inherited the name as a surname.
Íñigo Fernández de Velasco, 4th Duke of Frías, Grandee of Spain,,, was a Spanish nobleman.
Adriana of Nassau-Dillenburg was a daughter of Count John IV of Nassau-Dillenburg and his wife Maria of Loon-Heinsberg.
He was the only son of Charles Somerset, Marquess of Worcester, and Rebecca Child.
The Danes won, and Henry Borwin was rewarded with two more fiefs: Gadebusch and Ratzeburg.
Prince Aleksander Koniecpolski was a Polish nobleman.
Marianna Wiśniowiecka - Polish noble lady, the oldest daughter of Prince Konstanty Wiśniowiecki and Anna Zahorowska of Ostoja Clan.
He is also possibly referred to in a charter as potens banus, meaning "powerful ban".
Unlike her rival, Madame de Montespan, she has no known surviving descendants.
He married his second wife Gela Syardsna of Manslagt, a daughter of the chieftain Affo Beninga of Pilsum.
His death was mentioned in a document about the family that founded Reinhausen Abbey, written by abbott Reinhard sometime between 1153 and 1156.
During his military career he won major battles against Sweden, Muscovy, the Ottoman Empire and the Tatars.
Both brothers had been loyal allies of the king during the fierce Investiture Controversy and the Walk to Canossa.
As a result of her husband's insurrection against King Edward II of England, she was imprisoned in Skipton Castle for two years.
She is the mother of King Henry the Fowler.
He married on 13 March 1797 his cousin Marie Félicité d'Auguesseau, who died in Paris on 16 January 1847, and had three children:
She is most known in history as "l'éprouveuse", the role she played in Catherine's love life.
In the same year he became 8th Duke of Medina Sidonia.
Otto III of Ravensberg was Count of Ravensberg from 1249 until his death.
He was a companion of Edward III, and one of the founding members of the Order of the Garter in 1348.
He studied in Kraków, Liège, and for eight years at the University of Perugia in Florence, Italy.
He perished at the siege of Harlech as part of these conflicts.
He married in 1418 with Margaret, a daughter of Bernard I, Margrave of Baden-Baden.
Friedrich XII, Count of Hohenzollern, nickname Friedrich the Oettinger was a German nobleman.
In 305, Tuoba Yituo died, and was succeeded by his son Tuoba Pugen as chieftain of the central Tuoba territory.
Margaret of Guelders, daughter of Reginald I of Guelders, in 1308.
Countess Róża Potocka was a Polish noblewoman.
Vuk was responsible for Branko's death after a conflict arose on the hunting trip of the two families, who both had possessions in Podrinje.
Adesida was the son of Prince Josiah Stanley Adegboye and brother of Prince Adewole Adesida, of the Ojijigogun Ruling House.
He ruled Cleves from 1481 to his death in 1521.
In 863, King Charles the Bald nominated him Count of Angoulême and Bordeaux.
He was a son of Margrave Edward Fortunatus and Maria of Eicken, the daughter of Joost of Eicken and Barbara of Moll.
However, his brothers questioned the legitimacy of his sole rule and demanded a share of his inheritance.
Dönhoff belonged to the commission which from 1625 worked for a peace agreement between Sweden and Poland.
Mendo de Sousa was a Portuguese Count, Patron of the Monastery of Pombeiro and Mordomo-mór of Sancho I of Portugal.
He was a son of Eustace de Vesci and Margaret, an illegitimate daughter of William the Lion by a daughter of Adam de Hythus.
However, he died before his father did and therefore never came to government in Durlach.
As lieutenant to Peter the Hermit he co-led the People's Crusade at the beginning of the First Crusade.
William III was the lord of Dampierre from 1231 and count of Flanders from 1247 until his death.
Barberini did not escape his brother's famous nepotism; he was appointed Gonfalonier of the Church and Duke of Monterotondo, a commune Barberini later bought.
Pierre de Montesquiou, comte d'Artagnan and later comte de Montesquiou was a French soldier and Marshal of France.
Her uncle Stanisław August Poniatowski was King of Poland.
Thorfinn married Ingibiorg Finnsdottir, daughter of Finn Arnesson, Jarl of Halland.
Count Palatine Wolfgang of Zweibrücken was member of the Wittelsbach family of the Counts Palatine and Duke of Zweibrücken 1532–1559.
On 10 December 1918 in Cracow he married Teresa Sobańska, the daughter of Count Michał Maria Sobański and Countess Ludwika Wodzicka.
De de Velasco was a Castilian noblewoman and long-term mistress to Alfonso XI of Castile.
Prince Charles Louis of Orléans, Duke of Chartres is the elder son of Prince Jacques, Duke of Orléans and Gersende de Sabran-Pontevès.
Ferdinand de la Cerda was the heir apparent to the Crown of Castile as the eldest son of Alfonso X and Violant of Aragon.
Catherine Telegdi was a Hungarian noble lady, the daughter of István Telegdi de Kincstartó and his wife Margit Bebek de Pelsőcz.
Frederick Bernard, Count Palatine of Gelnhausen was Count Palatine and Duke of Birkenfeld-Gelnhausen.
The French under Robert II of Artois defeated the Flemings at the Battle of Furnes, and Edward's expedition into Flanders was abortive.
He died in 1410 and was succeeded by his eldest son, Bernard VI.
Bogdan, was a kaznac in the service of Serbian Emperor Uroš V.
Count Froben Christoph of Zimmern was the author of the Zimmern Chronicle and a member of the von Zimmern family of Swabian nobility.
Friedrich Ludwig died at Lindich Castle on 4 June 1750.
He studied in Erfurt, Pavia and Cologne from 1452 to 1456, together with his younger brothers George and Mark.
John I of Chalon-Arlay was a French nobleman.
She was Lady of the Bedchamber to Queen Mary II.
Between January and October 1002 Herman II attempted, unsuccessfully, to become king of Germany.
Cuthbert Burbage was an English theatrical figure, son of James Burbage, builder of the Theatre in Shoreditch and elder brother of the actor Richard Burbage.
The family seat is Cefntilla Court, Llandenny in Monmouthshire.
His half-brothers Barnim II and Otto I were still very young and so he was sole ruler in Pomerania during their minority.
Several attempts to deliver the city by force failed, and John VI had to be resolved to pay a ransom for the city.
From then on, names officially consisted only of forename and surname, without von or titles, scilicet Franz Ferdinand Hohenberg.
In 1184 Ralph became castellan of Noyon.
Instead of giving the enemy a surprise attack, he waited for the enemy to go across the river in order to be a real Ren gentleman.
Al-Fa'izz never exercised power in his own right and died aged 11, succeeded by his brother al-Adid, also a minor.
Prince Jan Lubomirski was a Polish szlachcic.
Marquis Louis Claude le Normand de Bretteville left France during the French Revolution, became a Danish Major-General and was naturalized as a Dano-Norwegian nobleman in 1804.
He was the ancestor of the wealthy and prestigious House of Esterházy.
Earl Geoffrey made his peace with King Stephen when the king regained his freedom late in 1141 and most likely Aubrey de Vere did as well.
Alonso Enríquez was Lord of Medina de Rioseco and Admiral of Castile.
They participated in founding the League of Lezhë, an alliance led by their maternal uncle Skanderbeg.
Starost of Lviv, Rohatyn, Lubaczów, Stryj and Piaseczno.
Theodoric deviated from the usual practice in those days, and decided that the county should be regarded as an indivisible entity.
He was the father of Isabella of Clermont, Princess of Taranto, the first consort of King Ferdinand I of Naples.
She inherited the estates of her grandparents, Geoffrey de Geneville, 1st Baron Geneville, and Maud de Lacy, Baroness Geneville.
Knight of the Order of the White Eagle, awarded on May 1, 1792.
He was Duke of Bourbon and Auvergne from 1456 to his death.
Julius II married Kunigunda from the kindred Csák.
Roger Bigod was the son of Hugh Bigod, 1st Earl of Norfolk and his first wife, Juliana de Vere.
Upon the death of the emperor Henry II, he was offered the kingdom of Italy but eventually declined to contest the title against Conrad II.
Adolf was consequently deprived of Holstein because he was a Welf supporter and refused to recognise Albert as duke.
He was one of the most powerful and influential nobles of Galicia, like most members of the House of Castro.
In the 1480s he supported the policies of Maximilian I of Austria.
He was killed when his retainer Akechi Mitsuhide rebelled against him at Honnō-ji.
The County of Boulogne thereby became vassal to the French king, rather than the count of Flanders.
He was the head of the House of Lara, Lord of Lerma, Amaya, Dueñas, Palenzuela, Tordehumos, Torrelobatón, and la Mota.
Together their army defeated Vasili III of Russia near Moscow.
It is not known whether he fled Antioch along with his son Guy.
He was a son of duke Frederick and his wife Maddalena Visconti, a daughter of Bernabò Visconti.
Casimir of Brandenburg-Bayreuth was Margrave of Bayreuth from 1515 to 1527.
Prince Feodor Ostrogski was a powerful magnate in Volhynia of Rurikid stock, son of Daniil Ostrogski.
She died in 1350 from the Black Death.
A year later, he was appointed a lord of His Majesty's bedchamber.
She was buried at St. Peter's in Leuven.
She married Margrave Joachim Ernst of Brandenburg-Ansbach in 1612.
Margaret, married king Louis X of France
Sophie of Bar was sovereign Count of Bar and lady of Mousson between 1033 and 1093.
They received their first lessons at Friedrich Horschelt's children's ballet in the Theater an der Wien.
He invaded the territory of his brother Walter, who had received most of their patrimony.
She would eventually fall from grace when Charles' wife, the new empress Ermentrude of Orléans, rose to power.
Forces loyal to the queen mustered and crushed the rebellion, which failed in its attempt to rescue Mary, Queen of Scots from prison.
In the 1637 Pavlyuk Uprising he defeated Cossacks under Pavlo Pavliuk at the battle of Kumejki.
In 1837 he married Ernestine von Langen, by whom he had four children who lived to adulthood.
As Count, he succeeded Gauzbert, and was succeeded by his own brother, Gauzfrid.
During his reign, many fortresses were constructed and some expanded.
According to the charters, Martin functioned as ispán of Trencsén County and head of Újvár and Keve Counties during the early years of King Andrew II.
He commanded the Imperial troops of Holy Roman Emperor Charles V in what became known as the Sack of Rome in 1527, where he was killed.
Using the name or title Pless before 1984 was against the family rules.
Aside from his own progeny, his sister Mary married Henry Wriothesley, 2nd Earl of Southampton who gave birth to Henry Wriothesley, 3rd Earl of Southampton.
An account is recorded in the Aragonese version of the Chronicle of the Morea.
She married Mikołaj Hieronim Sieniawski in 1662.
He was High Marshall of Bohemia from 1483 to 1490 and Lord Chamberlain of Bohemia from 1490 to 1514.
In 1618 three women, the "Witches of Belvoir", were accused of witchcraft for having allegedly caused the deaths of his two young sons.
Elisabeth Marie of Oels was the last member of the House of Poděbrady and a regent of the Duchy of Oels.
Countess Palatine Dorothea Catherine of Birkenfeld-Bischweiler was a Countess Palatine of Zweibrücken-Birkenfeld-Bischweiler by birth and, by marriage, Countess of Nassau-Ottweiler.
Her poetry stresses the obstacles she faced as a woman and the difficult life of women in general.
His father, Hieronim Mikołaj Radziwiłł, was deported to a Gulag during the Soviet occupation of Poland and died on 6 April 1945.
After Gottfried II died, Conrad ruled alone until his own death.
The Austrasian mayor Wulfoald took over the power in Neustria, but fled back to Austrasia on the assassination of Childeric II in 675.
Margarete, married 1446 to Albert III, Margrave of Brandenburg.
He was always loyal to the Ottonians, whom he was related through his maternal grandmother.
Madeleine de Scudéry and Robert Arnauld d'Andilly traced his portrait in their works.
^ John W. Baldwin, Aristocratic Life in Medieval France,, 46.
He was buried in Besançon's Cathedral of St John.
When his father died, Pribislaw and his three brothers divided Mecklenburg; Pribislaw received the Lordship of Parchim-Richberg.
He was the eldest son of John V, Count of Oldenburg and his wife, Anna of Anhalt-Bernburg.
He was forfeited of his estates by James II in 1445, under the influence of his near cousin William Douglas, 8th Earl of Douglas.
Friedrich, Count of Süllichen is the allegedly the father of Burkhard I. Friedrich was a probably a Count in the Sülichgau area.
He was probably regarded as princeps Gothiae, a title which was to run in his family in the tenth century.
Countess Alexandra Olga Eugénia Festetics de Tolna; who was married first to Prince Karl von Windisch-Grätz and later to Prince Erwin zu Hohenlohe-Waldenburg-Schillingsfürst,
He was the son of Ernest I, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg.
He was commander of Segeberg fortress, where he died in 1137 or 1138.
Tęczyński sent him with many diplomatic missions abroad.
During his youth, he had been close to Philip II, Duke of Burgundy, they having been comrades in arms on several occasions.
On their wedding night, she is said to have asked for the release of Caspar Peucer.
He served as ambassador of Portugal in Castile.
Count Jan Nepomucen Potocki was a Polish nobleman.
Herman I was Margrave of Meissen from 1009 until his death.
He never actually reigned, because the country was occupied by French revolutionary troops from 1793 until after his death.
It is unclear exactly when she became countess; sources indicate it was no earlier than 1093 and no later than 1100.
He was an early supporter of his brother King Abdulaziz.
Konrad III the Red, was a Polish prince member of the House of Piast in the Masovian branch.
By his marriage to an unknown princess, he probably had two children:
Castellan of Vilnius since 1724 and starost of Krzemieniec, Wieliż and Uświaty.
Gaston died in 1470 from wounds received in a jousting tournament in Libourne, Aquitaine, before his accession to the throne of Navarre.
He was a son of Stephen III and Taddea Visconti.
During the Four-Year Sejm in 1788, he was a member of the Military Commission of the Commonwealth and a supporter of the 3rd May Constitution.
He succeeded to his father's titles and estates upon his father's death in Gascony in 1253.
The name Tanush is an Albanian exonym for Athanassius.
He had two sons, Máel Coluim and Eoin.
In 1668 he became the Governor of Kraków Voivodeship, prior to being Starost of Sandomierz and Bydgoszcz.
He married into the Gonzaga family; on the death of his first wife Dorotea Gonzaga, he married Bona of Savoy.
Pribislav founded the monastery of Doberan in 1171 and endowed the Bishopric of Schwerin.
During the Sejm of 1646 Potocki opposed the plan of the king Władysław IV Vasa to wage war against the Turks.
She died in 1541 and was buried alongside her husband in the parish church of St. Anna in Frankenstein.
As a senator he participated in the Great Sejm.
Lorenzo di Piero de' Medici, was the ruler of Florence from 1516 to his death in 1519.
Adolf III, Count of Schauenburg and Holstein was the ruler of the Counties of Schauenburg and Holstein.
He was the father of Sophie, Duchess of Hohenberg, the morganatic wife of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria.
One of their sons, Dietrich, Count of Oldenburg, was father of Christian I of Denmark, Norway and Sweden, an ancestor of many Danish kings.
He was feudal baron of Bampton in Devon.
Although a foreigner, Charles the Bald placed him at the head of the counties of the Angoumois and Périgord.
With his second wife, he had 5 children.
On 16 November 1357 Pope Innocent VI appointed him the Bishop of Münster.
João de Alpoim was a Portuguese nobleman.
Herman was then invested as margrave of Turin.
Ada of Huntingdon was a Scottish noblewoman and Countess of Holland by marriage.
Robert FitzWalter, 1st Baron FitzWalter was an English peer.
He was constantly at war with Gerhard III, Prince-Archbishop of Bremen, and Frisians.
His daughter Costanza married Obizzo II d'Este, Marquis of Ferrara, as his second wife.
Following her death, La Trémoille married for a third time in 1830 to Valentine Eugénie Joséphine Walsh de Serrant.
With his death, the Pomerania-Stettin line of the House of Griffins died out.
They had four children: Henry; Charlotte, who married James Stanley, Earl of Derby; Élisabeth; and Frédéric comte de Laval.
After death of Balša III in 1421 Mazarek was appointed the governor of Zeta.
George Neville, or Nevill, 4th and de jure 2nd Baron Bergavenny was an English nobleman.
Since they were both minors at the time, their uncle Count John of Freiburg-Neuchâtel took up government as their guardian.
Robert the younger took part in several of the military campaigns of Edward I, Edward II and Edward III in Wales, Scotland and France.
During a tournament in 1434, he was thrown from his horse by the alderman and later mayor of Stralsund, Arnd Voth.
Boniface was Count of Savoy from 1253 to 1263, succeeding his father Amadeus IV.
Tamatoa IV was the king of Raiatea from 1831 to 1857.
His daughter Giovanna Lanza, Duchessa di Camastra married her kinsman Ignazio Lanza, the 4th Prince of Trabia.
He is still in this position in an edict dated 1319.
He is particularly remembered for his establishment of a new settlement for traders on the banks of the Alster near the Neue Burg in Hamburg.
Conrad I of Nuremberg was a Burgrave of Nuremberg of the House of Hohenzollern.
Hieronim Jarosz Sieniawski was a Polish noble.
Frederick Casimir was the Duke of Landsberg from 1604 until 1645.
His grave stone can be found in the Assumption of Mary Church in Bolzano, near the altar.
He was half-brother to Don Pedro Luis de Borja and Girolama de Borja, children of unknown mothers.
Isabeau, wife of René de Batarnay, count of Bouchage
In September 1494, when Charles VIII of France invaded Italy, and threatened Florence, such prophecies seemed on the verge of fulfilment.
Princess Krystyna Lubomirska was a Polish szlachcianka.
She did not remarry and died in Paris 12 May 1697.
Between 1594 and 1611 he sold all three quartos of William Shakespeare's Titus Andronicus.
He was Bishop of Bishopric of Paderborn from 1307 to 15 May 1310.
Philipp I, Count of Hanau-Lichtenberg was Count of Hanau.
He was a member of the House of Este.
She succeeded as suo jure 2nd Baroness Geneville on 21 October 1314 upon the death of her grandfather, Geoffrey de Geneville.
She was the first wife of Gaspard de Coligny, Seigneur de Châtillon, Admiral of France and a prominent Huguenot leader during the French Wars of Religion.
Due to the prospect of war The most precious objects were transported to Sieniawa Palace and walled up.
Frederick Philip of Geuder-Rabensteiner, Councillor and Hofmeister at the court in Bernburg
He was put to death at Tyburn for his involvement in the treason of the 2nd Earl of Essex.
However, when his successor George Ernest, the last Prince of Henneberg, died, both the Ernestine and the Albertine branches of the Wettin dynasty claimed his estates.
He was a descendant of Qara Yusuf from the Kara Koyunlu.
He was famed for his generalship, chivalry, fidelity, and affection for haute couture.
Christine Wilhelmine of Hesse-Homburg was a German noblewoman.
Matrona, who married García the Bad, but was repudiated when he overthrew her father
However, Strez turned against his suzerains to become a Bulgarian vassal and joined forces with his former enemy Boril against the Latins and then the Serbs.
In 1776 he was removed from the Commission for embezzlement of public funds He was succeeded as head of the Commission by Michał Jerzy Poniatowski.
She married three times; Maurice FitzGerald, 3rd Lord of Offaly was her third husband.
Conrad, Archbishop of Mainz as Conrad III and Archbishop of Salzburg as Conrad I
Agnes, married in 1464 with Conrad IX of Bickenbach
He took command in Upper Silesia in the spring of 1745, to the special satisfaction of his cousin, King Frederick II of Prussia.
He was appointed Lieutenant of the King in Normandy and Guyenne, as well as Governor of Paris, during the War of the Public Weal in 1465.
Edmund Neville, was an English courtier and peerage claimant, and possible conspirator.
Katherine Neville or Catherine de Neville was the eldest daughter of Ralph Neville, 1st Earl of Westmorland and Lady Joan Beaufort.
Thanks to their uncle's famous nepotism, the brothers shaped 17th-century Italian politics, religion, art, music and architecture.
In 1566, Philibert served in the Imperial army, fighting in Hungary against Sultan Suleiman I.
Margaret Stafford was the daughter of Hugh de Stafford, 2nd Earl of Stafford, and Philippa de Beauchamp.
Desiderius was a Gallo-Roman dux in the Kingdom of the Franks during the reigns of Chilperic I and Guntram.
He was the founder of Morris Motors Limited and is remembered as the founder of the Nuffield Foundation, the Nuffield Trust and Nuffield College, Oxford.
Prince Wladysław Dominik Zasławski-Ostrogski was a Polish nobleman of Ruthenian stock.
He died fighting at the siege of Trenton, in the 1173–74 revolt of Henry II of England's sons, under the leadership of Philip of Flanders.
Theobald was the probably legendary Viscount of Béarn in 1171.
He was also Deputy Chancellor of Lithuania in 1712–1724.
Branches of the family today can be found predominantly in Suriname, with members residing in North America and Europe, such as in the Netherlands.
During the Khmelnytsky Uprising, he was captured by the Tatars after the Battle of Korsun in 1648.
He was Geheimrat, Generalfeldmarschall and Imperial Kammerrichter of Speyer, which gave him his nickname: Wilhelm der Kammerrichter.
John never married, but had an illegitimate son with his cousin Cécile of Savoy: Philip of Namur, seigneur de Dhuy.
Sir Hugh Courtenay died shortly after Easter term 1348, and was buried at Ford Abbey, Somerset.
He was the Lord of Conches, Nonancourt, and Domfront.
Juan Sancho de Tovar, 1st Marquis of Berlanga
In 1352 he initiated an inheritance tax on Heinsberg-Valkenburg/Monschau.
He was the second son of Stephen II and Elizabeth of Sicily.
His brother was Raymond II of Toulouse and together they governed the vast patrimony of their house in the first half of the tenth century.
Eva Marshal was a Cambro-Norman noblewoman and the wife of the powerful Marcher lord William de Braose.
The struggle ended when the Emperor decided in favour of the House of Savoy.
In 969 he married Adelaide of Rouergue.
Marie, married in 1334 Rudolph, Duke of Lorraine, married secondly Frederick VII, Count of Leiningen-Dagsburg.
She was a daughter of Count Otto of Eisenberg and his wife Anna of Kottwotz.
Ailéan was a brother of Dubhghall mac Ruaidhrí, King of Argyll and the Isles, a significant figure who held power in the mid thirteenth century.
Rudolf of Rheinfelden was Duke of Swabia from 1057 to 1079.
Once he came to age, Edmund was granted a title and lands by Henry.
Henry later escaped and tried to retake Limburg and Lower Lorraine.
Prince Konstanty Jacek Lubomirski was a Polish nobleman.
In 1687, Northumberland commanded the 2nd Troop of Horse Guards.
He was a clergyman who became bishop of Strasbourg, and was heavily involved in European politics after the Thirty Years' War.
Eleanor Holland, Countess of Salisbury, was an English noblewoman, the daughter of Thomas Holland, 2nd Earl of Kent, a half-brother of King Richard II of England.
She was married to Edward Aleksander Raczyński from April 9, 1877.
He was born in the early 14th century to Vratislav of the Nemanjić Dynasty, the son of Dmitar, and grandson of Prince Vukan.
Rudolf I then became the sole ruler of Baden-Baden.
He also held the subsidiary titles of 5th Earl of Somerset, 2nd Marquess of Dorset and 2nd Earl of Dorset.
Abdul Rahman bin Faisal Al Saud was the last ruler of the Emirate of Nejd, Second Saudi State.
Dormer was succeeded by his eldest son, Charles, who died in 1709 and with him the earldom of Carnarvon in the family of Dormer became extinct.
His daughter, Barrale, was married to Hugh III des Baux, son of Bertrand I des Baux and Tiburge of Orange.
Sir Edmund Mortimer was the eldest son of Roger Mortimer, 1st Earl of March and Joan de Geneville, 2nd Baroness Geneville.
He was the second son of Emperor Louis IV the Bavarian by his first wife Beatrix of Świdnica and a member of the Wittelsbach dynasty.
According to some this alliance was set against the Serbian Kingdom.
Jean I, married to Jeanne, Lady of Châteaudun
Immediately after succeeding his uncle, he made war on the Burgundians and Normans, who refused to accept Rudolph as king of France.
Born in Paris, he emigrated during the French Revolution, came back during the First French Empire, and received the title of chef de cohorte from Napoleon.
Hugh was declared count, but he could not prevail against Robert, the Duke of Normandy, who had been betrothed to the last heiress.
After his death, Gjon Kastrioti took possession of the Jonima dominions, which became a part of the Principality of Kastrioti.
Elizabeth of Lorraine-Vaudémont, Countess of Nassau-Saarbrücken was a pioneer of the novel in Early New High German language.
William lost his position as Lord Justice.
While Beuvron took refuge in England, Montmorency-Bouteville and Rosmadec, despite their nobility, were beheaded at the Place de Grève in Paris on 22 June 1627.
In the aftermath of the Warsaw Uprising during the Kościuszko Uprising, he was imprisoned by the Polish revolutionaries.
Christiane of Saxe-Merseburg, was a German noblewoman member of the House of Wettin and by marriage Duchess of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg.
This conflict may have led to the death of Muhammad's son Khalid.
Dr. del Granado is the great-great-grandfather of the Bolivian poet laureate Javier del Granado y Granado.
The 1267 will of her nephew Guigues VII of Viennois confirmed donations of property which she had made.
This marriage recognized the support that Niccolò had provided to Cosimo during his exile in 1433, and bound the families together.
Louis the Pious made him seneschal of the Carolingian Empire.
Humbert I, better known as Humbert the White-Handed or Humbert Whitehand was the founder of the House of Savoy.
William Devereux, was an important Marcher Lord, and held Lyonshall Castle controlling a strategically vital approach to the border of Wales.
After the death of Catherine in 1714, Northumberland remarried to Mary Dutton, the sister of Captain Mark Dutton.
In February 1620 she married Polish magnate Jakub Sobieski, the father of King of Poland Jan III Sobieski.
He might have been related to the Neustrian mayor of the palace Waratton.
He succeeded his father Pons of Toulouse upon his death in 1061.
Louise Henriette Wilhelmine of Brandenburg-Schwedt, was a Margravine of Brandenburg by births and by marriage a princess, and later Duchess, of Anhalt-Dessau.
Between 1922–1923 he was a senator of the Second Polish Republic.
He was Count of Aumale, Viscount of Châtellerault, and Seigneur of Mézières, of Elbeuf, of Lillebone, of La Saussaye etc.
In the genealogy of the Elder House of Welf he is counted as Welf IV.
Through his father, he was a grandson of Byzantine Emperor John II Komnenos.
On 5 May 1405, Reinald married Marie of Harcourt, daughter of John VI, Count of Harcourt.
Isabella, wife of Roger of Apulia and William Gouet IV
She was also a niece of Cardinal Rodrigo Borgia, later Pope Alexander VI .
He was appointed Master of the treasury in December 1408.
His father sold New Place to William Shakespeare in 1597, and his brother Hercules Underhill confirmed the sale in 1602.
After the death of his brother, Renaud III, he took control of the county of Burgundy in the name of his niece Beatrice.
Her younger sister was Jadwiga of Greater Poland.
When the Emperor returned to Italy early in the next year, Cardinal Ippolito followed him.
John IV of Werle-Goldberg, was from 1354 until his death Lord of Werle-Goldberg.
Herman II, Count of Winzenburg was a son of Herman I, Count of Winzenburg and his second wife, Hedwig.
Philip VI, Count of Waldeck was a canon in Strasbourg and also the ruling Count of Waldeck-Landau.
Clementia, who married Conrad I of Luxembourg
He is remembered as a champion of English liberty, and has also become associated with various legends, including that of Robin Hood.
In 1698 he replaced uncle François d'Usson de Bonrepaus as Chargé d'affaires in The Hague.
Asase Ya is the Earth goddess of fertility of the Ashanti people ethnic group of Ashanti City-State.
For the 10th-century Japanese poet also known as Nagayoshi, see Fujiwara no Nagatō.
Ralph Neville, 2nd Baron Neville de Raby was an English aristocrat, son of Ralph Neville, 1st Baron Neville de Raby and Euphemia de Clavering.
He became the owner of the Verkiai Palace in 1780 and organized its major reconstruction in the Neoclassical style, also by Gucevičius.
He combined Enlightenment ideas with Christian values, cameralist plans for central control of the economy, and a militaristic approach toward international diplomacy.
They were defeated and most of the army destroyed.
However, the relationship with Bruce and Korsakov ended and Bruce returned to reside with her spouse.
Albert III administered the Lordship of Stargard, which Brandenburg had acquired from Pomerania in 1236.
Prince Stanislaw Lubomirski was a Polish noble and magnate.
According to Pierre Chaplais, the relationship between the two was that of an adoptive brotherhood, and Gaveston served as an unofficial deputy for a reluctant king.
He was probably a member of the Guilhemid family.
He succeeded as a child of around 12, and ruled originally under the co-regency of his uncle Otto, Duke of Brunswick-Grubenhagen, and Amadeus VI of Savoy.
In 1197 in Stavoren, she married Count William I of Holland.
William IV, Count of Weimar was Margrave of Meissen from 1046 until his death.
Agnes of Loon, was a duchess consort of Bavaria, married to Otto I of Wittelsbach, Duke of Bavaria.
He was an opponent of king Sigismund III Vasa, but he never rose up in open rebellion like the participants in the Zebrzydowski Rebellion.
Lothair fled to Paris and was there besieged.
He had a son, Branko, and a daughter, Ratoslava.
Around 1183, he founded the Premonstratensian Bebenhausen Abbey as a burial place for his family.
Isabella of Brienne, married Gautier III, seigneur d'Enghien and claimed her brother's title to Lecce and Conversano on his death.
He was a son of Yaroslav II and younger brother of Alexander Nevsky.
Bogusław was succeeded by Eric of Pomerania.
Henry IV came of age in 1479 and agreed with his uncle on a division of their territory.
During his reign the Palaeologus family lost the throne of Constantinople, captured by the Ottoman Turks in 1453.
Sir John Arundell, born in Bideford, Devon in about 1421, son of John Arundell, Esq.
She was named for her father's mother, Bertha of Swabia.
The Chronicle of Morea credits Walter with the construction of the fortress of Akova or Mattegrifon.
After the death of Jan Karol Chodkiewicz, in the rank of regimentarz he commanded the Polish forces during the battle of Chocim in 1621.
He was an enemy of Stanisław Stadnicki.
Eustace III was the count of Boulogne from 1087, succeeding his father Count Eustace II.
He was the personal enemy of Louis Philippe, who nevertheless enabled him to escape the guillotine on the request of Grace Elliott.
On 22 October 1499 he wrote his testament, which is considered as valuable literature work of its time.
William de Vesci was an Anglo-Norman feudal lord and Sheriff.
His reign marked the growth of Christianity in Lau and the slow expansion of Tongan ambitions in Fiji, led by Enele Ma'afu.
Radziwiłł was owner of Szydłowiec, Grand Podkomorzy of Lithuania since 1786, and castellan of Vilnius since 1788.
Ernst von Wildenbruch was a German poet and dramatist.
In 1002, he joined Arduin's revolt against Henry II, Holy Roman Emperor.
After Onna of Stedesdorf died in 1464, he married his second wife Margaret of Westerwolde.
He is seen as one of the most prominent figures of the Enlightenment in Poland.
Mary of Avesnes, wife of Louis I, Duke of Bourbon
In 1808 he married Rozalia with which he had at least three sons - Antoni, Eustachy and Ludwik.
In 1456 René entrusted the government of the Duchy of Bar to Frederick, and in 1459 granted him the honorary title of Lieutenant-General of Sicily.
Otto I was the Count Palatine of Mosbach from 1410 until 1448, and the Count Palatine of Mosbach-Neumarkt from 1448 until 1461.
In 1398, he signed a treaty with the Teutonic Knights not to further support the Victual Brothers, but kept on engaging in piracy himself.
Conrad IV, Count of Rietberg was Count of Rietberg from 1389 until his death.
He was the son of sevastokrator Branko Mladenović, and ruled the oblast of Polog, in what is today northwestern Republic of Macedonia.
Princess Ludwika Lubomirska was a Polish noble lady.
Joanna of Burgundy was a daughter of Reginald of Burgundy and his wife, Guillemette of Neufchâtel.
Clara of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel, was a princess of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel by birth.
However, it is possible that a Nicholas, who functioned as ispán of Szatmár County in 1181, marked voivode Nicholas' early political career.
After Genoveva's death, he married Irmgard of Schleiden-Junkerath, the daughter of Lord John III of Schleiden-Junkerath and Countess Joanna of Blankenheim.
In 1648 Philipp bought, from Hans von Ahlefeld, another domain called Gravenstein located, however, in the Sundeved north of the Flesburg Fjord.
François-Joseph-Philippe de Riquet died in Toulouse on 2 March 1843.
She was the only child of Charlotte to marry and leave heirs, thereby continuing the line of descent of Frederick of Naples.
John I married in 1297 with Agnes of Hesse.
John V was the son and successor of Sergius IV as Duke of Naples from 1034 until his death.
1290 as sluga, became kaznac in ca.
He created the hôtel de Guémené, now in the place des Vosges.
In 1816, Charles X appointed him to the Peerage with the title of Comte.
Stanisław Koniecpolski is regarded as one of the most capable military commanders in the history of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.
His parents were Roman Potocki, Third Ordynat of Łańcut, and Elżbieta Matylda Radziwiłł.
Henry V the Fat was a Duke of Jawor from 1273, of Legnica from 1278, and Duke of Wrocław from 1290.
He was married to Catherine of Brittany, the sister of Francis II, Duke of Brittany.
When Bello died, his sons partitioned his domains between them, according to the eldest the chief city of Carcassonne.
She was the mother of Robert, Count of Flanders, known as Robert of Béthune after his mother.
He is buried in Worms Cathedral along with his daughter Judith.
From 1750 until his death, he was also the ruling count of Hohenzollern-Haigerloch.
According to Gjon Muzaka Pal had three sons: Konstantin, Alexius and Gjon Kastrioti, the latter who was Skanderbeg's father.
He led the right wing of Polish cavalry forces at the Battle of Vienna.
Count Artur Władysław Józef Maria Potocki was a Polish nobleman.
Baron Peter von Meyendorff was a Russian diplomat from the Meyendorff family.
He held the title of Marquis de Boësse until the death of his grandfather, Henri-Nompar de Caumont, duc de La Force.
Judith of Brittany, also called Judith of Rennes, was Duchess of Normandy from c. 1000 until her death.
On 23 May 1498, Church and civil authorities condemned, hanged, and burned the three friars in the main square of Florence.
Lambert III was born in 830 and died in 882.
Leopold I, known as the Illustrious, a member of the House of Babenberg, was Margrave of Austria from 976 until his death.
Eleanor, married Rudolph, Duke of Lorraine, son of Frederick IV
His daughter is hypothesized to have married Sunifred II, Count of Barcelona.
The title duc de Brancas may refer to a number of hereditary office-holders under the Ancien Régime of France.
William Howard, 1st Baron Howard of Effingham, was the son of Thomas Howard, 2nd Duke of Norfolk and Agnes Tilney.
Margaret of Jülich was a daughter of Duke Gerhard VI of Jülich and his wife, Margaret of Ravensberg.
Ingeborg Birgersdotter, was a Duchess consort of Saxony, married to John I, Duke of Saxony.
Adalric was probably a Basque lord in the late eighth century in Gascony.
Jobst Hermann von Holstein-Schaumburg was a member of the House of Schaumburg.
Elvira Menéndez,, was Queen Consort of León due to her marriage with King Ordoño II.
He was a commander of the Hungarian army fighting against the Byzantine Empire in the reign of Stephen III of Hungary.
She was the sole witness to the secret marriage of her brother Edward to Lady Catherine Grey in 1560.
He was a major general in the army of the Kingdom of Poland.
Niklot I, Count of Schwerin was the ruling Count of Schwerin-Wittenburg from 1299 until his death.
In 1088, when William departed for the Holy Land, he left his brother, Raymond of Saint-Gilles, to govern in his stead.
From there he set off to Moldavia, where he spent several years as a missionary.
He married as his first wife the former Renate Hiller in 1958 with no issue.
Liudolf was a Carolingian office bearer and count in the Duchy of Saxony from about 844.
Her brothers included Cesare Borgia, Giovanni Borgia, and Gioffre Borgia.
She was a Lady of the Bedchamber to Queen Elizabeth I.
Joanna, who married John V, Lord of Arkel
William de Brus thus succeeded his father when the latter died in 1194.
They had two children, Demetrius and Julius III.
Margaret received Héricourt; Adelaide and Ursula shared Belfort.
Count Jan Krzysztof Tarnowski was a Polish nobleman, Leliwa coat of arms.
Madame Tallien, former wife of Jean Lambert Tallien.
Vsevolod married Maria, the daughter of Grand Duke Mstislav of Kiev.
Its members held the most distinct positions in the court of Balša III.
Henry II was Count of Louvain from 1054 through 1071.
Yolande's children with Hugh IV of Burgundy included:
In 1198, Pope Innocent III called the Fourth Crusade.
Stephen III, called the Magnificent or the Fop, was the Duke of Bavaria-Ingolstadt from 1375.
In 1239, he was nominated judge royal by Béla IV.
In 1694 he was captain of a dragoons company.
He was a son of Count Gunzelin III of Schwerin-Boizenburg and Margaret of Mecklenburg.
Through the dynastic marriages of his descendants, he is an ancestor of many European Royal houses.
He lasted two years in power until the nobles turned against him for infringing upon the Fors de Bearn.
Her father was a Chamberlain and castellan of Halicz who in 1502 rose to the rank of Voivod of Podolia.
Bernhard of Lippe was a German nobleman.
He built castles in Landrechies and Condé.
Maria came from the line of German princesses that stretched back to Sybille of Brandenberg, Sophia of Saxony, and Adelaide of Teck.
In 1742 he filed for divorce due to Frances' adulterous relationship with William Talbot, who later became Earl Talbot.
Renaud died in 843 and his son Hervé continued the fight against Lambert.
His name was first mentioned by historical sources in 1429.
In 1128 Hedwig gave birth to her son Louis II.
On 15 November 1815, Emperor Francis I of Austria awarded him the title of Fürst von Koháry de Csábrág et Szitnya.
In the 1412, his lands were attacked by the forces of Musa Çelebi.
Dirk III of Holland, for whom she acted as regent from 993 to 1005
Due to Hay's parentage, William Hay became Lord Steward of the Household.
He married Yolande de La Haye in 1492, but had no children.
He ruled in Pomerania-Wolgast from 1394 together with his brother Barnim VI.
Their wedding in 1292 is historically significant because Beatrix brought the Lordship of Stargard as dowry into the marriage and thus into the hands of Mecklenburg.
The eldest surviving son of Henry Nevill, 2nd Earl of Abergavenny, he succeeded to the earldom upon the death of his father.
Liudolf was a descendant of the Saxon family of the Brunonen.
He was the most famous member of the aristocratic Krasiński family.
In 1392, he was created Constable of France.
Philip of Schleswig-Holstein-Glücksburg was the first Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Glücksburg after the death of his father in 1622.
Sigismund and Mary then avenged her mother's death by having Horvat brutally executed in Pécs on 15 August 1394.
In his declining years he aided the heroic Miklós Zrinyi against the Ottomans.
After only one year of reign, she abdicated in favour of her cousin Lambert, her future spouse.
Fernão Brandão Sanches was a Portuguese nobleman, Comendador of Afife and Cabanas.
She was a member of the Opole branch of House of Piast and by marriage a Duchess of Oława-Lubin-Chojnów.
Richardis of Bavaria was a German noblewoman.
He had allied himself with Mir Qasim and took part in the Battle of Buxar, which ended in defeat.
Anna of Eppstein-Königstein was the daughter of Philip I of Eppstein-Königstein and his wife, Louise de la Marck.
Izabela Elżbieta Morsztynand Prince Kazimierz Czartoryski's great-granddaughter Zofia Czartoryska and her husband Stanisław Kostka Zamoyski are Prince Leon Sapieha-Kodenski's parents-in-law.
He was regarded as a supporter of the House of Hohenstaufen.
Daniel died on 7 June 1577 and was buried in the family crypt in Marienthal Abbey in Netze.
After the early death of his father Otto, Frederick Magnus I took up the government in his father's part of the County of Solms.
He took part in the 1635 negotiations with Sweden, where he worked with the French ambassador, count Claude d'Avaux.
They had the aforementioned Waleran and three daughters.
Diplomat Niccolò da Correggio went even further by hailing her as "The First Lady of the world".
During the Royal election of 1697, he supported Augustus II, later in opposition to the King.
At his death his own sons—Bernard, John, Hugh, and Richard—were too young to inherit.
During the Regency of Wilhelm, Baden suffered from a terrible witch-hunt.
He erected a fort and a port for this purpose in Ahrenshoop, which was destroyed by Rostock in 1395.
He was allegedly involved in Parry's Plot.
He had the Villa Medici in Fiesole built by Michelozzo Michelozzi.
Prince Ignacy Massalski was a Polish-Lithuanian nobleman.
Although the family was influential, it was not among the most powerful families at the Serbian court.
Sir Robert Constable, of Newark-on-Trent, Nottinghamshire, and the Minories, London, was an English soldier and Member of Parliament.
James Butler, third Earl of Ormonde built the first castle in Gowran in 1385 and made it his main residence.
He is a son of the late Prince Musa'id bin Abdulaziz Al Saud and was appointed Saudi Arabia's General President of Youth Welfare in 2014.
In 1848 he founded the Steam Navigation Company and thereafter monopolized transport on the Vistula River.
Walter VI of Brienne, his successor as Count of Lecce and Conversano, as well as the titular Duke of Athens
They had found him wearing silks, drinking almond milk and eating eggs with spices from a golden spoon.
Agnes of Brunswick-Grubenhagen was, from 1412 to 1439, abbess of Gandersheim Abbey as Agnes II.
John's elder brother, Charles I, Count of Nevers and Rethel, had no legitimate children, and so on his death in 1464 his titles passed to John.
He also served three times as a member of parliament for Rochester.
She married St. Gondolfus, Bishop of Tongeren, and they had a son, Borogiso II of Aquitaine.
Stephen was the head of the army council at the Crusaders' siege of Nicaea in 1097.
She married Albrycht Stanisław Radziwiłł on May 30, 1638 in Kraków.
She was the daughter of Albrecht Christoph, Count of Dohna-Schlodien in Leistenau, by his third wife Princess Sophie Henriette of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Beck.
This made him the brother-in-law of King Henry VIII and the maternal uncle of Queen Elizabeth I of England.
John V, Count of Oldenburg and Delmenhorst was a member of the House of Oldenburg.
She was furthermore regent of the County of Burgundy from 1303 during the minority of her son, Robert.
Louis Antoine de Noailles, cardinal de Noailles, never married.
Zamoyski's progressive legal code, containing elements of constitutional reform, failed to be adopted by the Sejm.
A Norman nobleman and patriarch of a large and powerful family in Normandy and Apulia.
He was one of the noble Germans who took part in the Crusade of 1197.
Yvette, who married first a Milo and second Villian d'Arzillières.
After his father died in 1288, he ruled the margraviate jointly with his brothers Hesso, Herman VII and Rudolf II.
In 1634, however, his deteriorating relationship with Henri de Sourdis led to a public altercation in which Épernon struck Sourdis.
He held the title of Caesar, and is hence also known as Kesar Novak.
The daughter of Sir Francis Walsingham, Elizabeth I's Secretary of State, she became the wife of Sir Philip Sidney at age 16.
Prince Adam Stefan Stanisław Bonifacy Józef Sapieha was a Polish cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church who served as Archbishop of Kraków.
He was an educational activist, member of the Commission of National Education and the initiator and president of Society for Elementary Textbooks.
Nicolas Sarkozy, French politician, president of France 2007–2012
He fought during the latter part of the Hundred Years War, and during the English dynastic Wars of the Roses.
She was elected a Fellow of the Royal Horticultural Society in 1902, and in 1927 she became the first chairman of the National Gardens Scheme.
In 1602 he led an attack on Luxembourg.
Simon II de Montfort born about 1068 in Montfort l'Amaury, Ile de France, France and died September 25, 1104.
His relatives were the Wild- and Rhinegraves of Dhaun.
He was promoted first lieutenant and captain on 10 May 1740.
Like her husband, the Countess was a convinced Protestant with Puritan leanings.
He had three brothers, Ralph, Robert and Henry, and a sister, Alice.
They ruled jointly until 1355, then divided their inheritance:
In 1095, he planned to take up the Cross, but his ill health provoked him to drop out, nevertheless convincing his barons to go east.
Sometime between 1076 and 1080, William married Gersende, daughter of Count Guigues III of Albon.
On 9 January 1266, he was appointed canon of Lübeck Cathedral.
Albertas was a son of Martynas Goštautas and father of Stanislovas Goštautas, last male heir of the Goštautai family.
Maud was styled Countess of Hertford and Countess of Gloucester upon her marriage to Richard de Clare.
He was 19 years old at the time of their marriage, while she was 65.
Agnes, married Count Henry II of Eschenlohe
Ermessende first married Pierre Bermond, lord of Anduze, and they ruled Melgueil from 1170 to 1172 when he died.
In 1452, the childless John considered leaving his county after his death of his friend Rudolf IV of Baden-Sausenberg.
He was not wealthy; his nickname the Rich refers to him having many children.
In 1148, Reginald was traveling in France when he fell ill with multiple illnesses.
Robert Stewart, Lord of Aubigny, Count of Beaumont-le-Roger, was a French soldier belonging to the family of Stewart of Darnley.
It was already in the town in 1241, when Lesser Poland was invaded by the Mongols.
In 1660 he retired from public life, withdrawing to Cambrai, where he died.
Jacob is famous for his painting of the coronation of King Charles XIV John of Sweden.
Five years later, she married Lord Frederick Gordon, the third son of the 9th Marquess of Huntly.
In 583, Chilperic gave the province of Aquitaine to him and Bladast and sent them into Vasconia with a large army.
The family originates in Normandy, where they were lords of Bretteville, Trassepied, Bossy and Tertre.
In 1088, Eustace supported the rebellion against William II of England in favour of Robert Curthose.
The Prince-Bishopric had to house and feed this regiment.
She is buried with her first husband, the Duke of Warwick, in Tewkesbury Abbey.
Meanwhile, the fight continued over Namur between the Dampierres and the Avesnes.
He is best known for saving the life of king Béla IV after the disastrous Battle of Mohi in 1241.
Sir Josiah Child, 1st Baronet, MP, was an English merchant and politician.
He saw military service in Scotland, and fought at the Battle of Boroughbridge.
Daughter of Court Marshal Jerzy August Mniszech and Countess Maria Amelia Brühl daughter of Heinrich von Brühl.
Baldwin V of Flanders was Count of Flanders from 1035 until his death.
In the year 1306 he married Jeanne de Châtillon and had two children:
Hugh II of Châtillon, son of Guy III, Count of Saint-Pol, and Matilda of Brabant, was count of St Pol 1289–1292 and count of Blois 1292–1307.
Theda Ukena was from 1466 to about 1480 regent of the County of East Frisia.
Matilde of Bavaria Meißen) was the eldest daughter of Louis IV, Holy Roman Emperor and his first wife Beatrix of Świdnica.
Her daughter Natalia married Prince Roman Sanguszko one of Joseph Conrad's short stories).
On the demise of the Beaufort party he abandoned it in favour of the Duke of York.
Anthony Woodville, 2nd Earl Rivers KG was an English nobleman, courtier, bibliophile and writer.
Countess Magdalena of Waldeck was a daughter of Philip IV of Waldeck-Wildungen and his wife, Jutta of Isenburg.
He married Teresa Magdalena Tarło and in 1711 Anna Lubomirska, the daughter of Court Marshal and Hetman Hieronim Augustyn Lubomirski.
In 1558, he married Princess Sophia Olelkovich-Slutska.
Adelaide of Hungary was the only daughter of King Andrew I of Hungary of the Árpád dynasty and Anastasia of Kiev.
Count Johann Reinhard II of Hanau-Lichtenberg was a younger son of Count Philipp Wolfgang of Hanau-Lichtenberg and Countess Johanna of Oettingen-Oettingen.
As Sejm Marshal he led the extraordinary Sejm on November 17, 1688 – April 1, 1689 and the pacification Sejm on June 16–30, 1699 in Warsaw.
Jacopino della Scala, an Italian merchant and politician, was a member of the Scaliger family of future lords of Verona.
He was from a rich Iranian noble family which was native to Shiraz in Fars.
He arrived in the summer of 1190 in the Holy Land and died on 20 January 1191, during the Siege of Acre.
In July of the next year, while campaigning with Conrad in Southern Italy, he was struck down by an epidemic near Naples.
Prince Adam Jerzy Czartoryski was a Polish nobleman, statesman and author.
René II was Count of Vaudémont from 1470, Duke of Lorraine from 1473, and Duke of Bar from 1483 to 1508.
Louise of Stolberg-Gedern, was a German noblewoman member of the House of Stolberg and by her two marriages Duchess of Saxe-Meiningen and Württemberg.
Albert IV of Austria was a Duke of Austria.
The kaznac was a financial-taxation office, translated into Latin camerarius.
A minor when his father died, he was placed under the custodianship of William Longespée, Earl of Salisbury, until he was of age.
And that it should continue to alternate after the deaths of the Welfs, i.e.
Stephen I, successor to Renaud II, Stephen died on the Crusade of 1101
With the title of vojvoda, he held territories in present-day Herzegovina, including Glavatičevo in Župa Valley, Nevesinje, Popovo Polje and Konavle.
He was a member of the democratic left.
This lasted until Wartislav VI and some of his knights were captured at Damgarten on 10 November 1368.
During his father’s unlucky war against Amadeus VIII of Savoy, he was imprisoned by the latter and used as hostage.
Conrad II of Salzwedel was a German nobleman.
Albert acquired the nickname "The Fox of Mecklenburg" from the Swedes to evoke his scheming and avarice.
He was a member of the House of Sponheim and a ruling Count of the Front County of Sponheim.
The Scottish king William I of Scotland was captured and the invasion successfully repelled.
He was the eldest son of Jean-Baptiste Colbert, nephew of Charles Colbert de Croissy and cousin of Jean-Baptiste Colbert de Torcy.
His godparents were Henri, Count of Paris and Duchess Rosa of Württemberg.
Born in Baden-Baden, he was the oldest son of William, Margrave of Baden-Baden and Catharina Ursula of Hohenzollern–Hechingen.
She travelled as a young girl throughout Europe, visiting the courts of France and Hanover.
Northampton was convicted of high treason and sentenced to death on 18 August 1553 after the accession of Mary I.
Margaret de la Pole, Countess of Kendal.
In 1754, he was awarded with the Order of White Eagle, Knight of the Order of Saint Stanislaus, and the Russian Order of St. Alexander Nevsky.
On 20 September 1034, he was captured in the field at Moncontour, near Saint-Jouin-de-Marnes.
His parents fled to Metz during the Thirty Years' War.
He was the son of Ulrich III of Hanau and Adelaide of Nassau.
George Frederick of Brandenburg-Ansbach was Margrave of Ansbach and Bayreuth, as well as Regent of Prussia.
Adolph, married in 1553 to Anastasia of Isenburg-Grenzau
Today this usually means an elegant, urbane gentleman.
He was the ancestor of the gens Győr, which flourished until the 17th century.
Adelaide of Turin was the Countess of part of the March of Ivrea and the Marchioness of Turin in Northwestern Italy from 1034 to her death.
Emmeline of Montlhéry, married Hugh II Bardoul, lord of Broyes
Halfdan the Black was a ninth-century king of Vestfold.
Erdmann August of Brandenburg-Bayreuth, was a member of the House of Hohenzollern and Hereditary Margrave of Brandenburg-Bayreuth.
Catherine de Vendôme, countess of Vendôme and of Castres was a French noblewoman of the House of Montoire.
In 1451, Stefan took over the leadership of the Crnojevići and became the ruler of a large part of Zeta, hence Gospodar Zetski.
Reinald died near Arnhem on 25 June 1423 and was buried at Kloster Monkhuizen.
In 1354, the village became a royal possession, and King Kazimierz Wielki granted it Magdeburg rights.
George III, Count of Erbach-Breuberg, was Count of Erbach in Lauterbach and Breuberg.
The result was a growing opposition against the foreign rule also within the Danish gentry that had earlier supported him.
The title of Count Speransky has been alternatively spelled "Spiransky" and "Speranski".
As her dowry, she brought the Lordships of Blamont, Châtelot, Belmont, and Cuisance into the marriage.
When the friars needed a larger priory, she and the Bishop of Carlisle bought land south of Oxford and contributed most of the funds and materials.
She was regent of Holland during the minority of her son.
He was a grandee and one of the wealthiest peers of the court of Elizabeth I.
Guy was taken prisoner, but released for ransom.
In 1045, he married, Almodis de La Marche, former wife of Hugh V of Lusignan, but he too repudiated her in 1053.
Bogusław I of the House of Griffins was Duke of Pomerania-Stettin from 1156 to 1187.
As a senator he participated in the Great Sejm.
Castle was rebuilt in years 1649-1654, inside the fortress was built a palace.
Zofia Krasińska was a Polish noble lady.
Rathold from the kindred Rátót) was a Hungarian distinguished nobleman from the gens Rátót, who served as ispán of Somogy County in 1203.
Upon the death of his father Louis I in 1458, Henry received Upper Hesse and his brother Louis II received Lower Hesse.
His daughter Anna Jabłonowska, who married Rafał Leszczyński, was the mother of King Stanisław I.
He participated in the League of Siklós.
Sir Robert Broughton was a landowner, soldier, and Member of Parliament for Suffolk.
Werner II of Habsburg was Count of Habsburg also called Werner III and a progenitor of the royal House of Habsburg.
He succeeded his father Hugh I lord of Arlay to this title, and was himself succeeded by his son, Hugh II lord of Arlay.
Historian D. Lovrenović noted that it was possible that he was Jelena Nelipić's son.
The two had one son, Pons of Tripoli.
He campaigned in the 1922 presidential elections as a candidate of the right-wing supported by various political parties, most notably the National Democrats.
António José Antunes Navarro, 1st Count of Lagoaça was a Portuguese nobleman and politician.
Andreas von Österreich, Margrave of Burgau, also known as Andrew of Austria was a cardinal, Bishop of Constance and of Brixen.
Beggo was the son of Gerard I of Paris.
He also accompanied Henry V on his Italian expedition in 1110 and again in 1111, where Henry V intended to claim the imperial crown in Rome.
One of their sons was Ernest Augustus, Elector of Brunswick-Lüneburg, father of George I of Great Britain.
By marriage, she was Countess of Tecklenburg.
John III, Count of Ligny was the eldest son of Count Anthony II and his wife Margaret of Savoy.
Frederick William II, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Beck was a Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Beck.
She was a daughter of Otto-William, Count of Burgundy and Ermentrude de Roucy and a member of the House of Ivrea.
João Afonso Telo de Meneses was a Portuguese nobleman, 2nd Lord of Albuquerque, and alferes-mor of Afonso III of Portugal.
Edmund Tilney's mother, Malyn, was implicated in the scandal surrounding Queen Catherine's downfall.
Following Gonzalo's 915 death, the counties would be held by Fernando Ansúrez, Gonzalo's brother Nuño Fernández, Fernando Ansúrez again, and Gutier Núñez.
John died during a tournament in 1268.
Philip II paid Abbot Jordan for the reconstruction cost.
His marriage to Anne Boleyn had also resulted in a single daughter, Elizabeth.
He and his Portuguese wife, Isabel of Portugal, a natural daughter of King Ferdinand I, are the ancestors of the Noronha lineage in Portugal.
John V died in Leerdam in 1428.
He was the eldest son of Wulu.
Anne Bourchier, Baroness Dacre was an English noblewoman, the wife of Sir Thomas Fiennes, 8th Baron Dacre.
Henry IX Reuss, Count of Köstritz Count Reuss had to Köstritz.
Giovanni Visconti was an Italian Roman Catholic cardinal, who was co-ruler in Milan and lord of other Italian cities.
He waged war together with Duke Barnim I of Pomerania against the Margraviate of Brandenburg and lost Perleberg, Wesenberg and Penzlin.
Margaret was a member of the House of Bourbon.
In 1156 he married Matilda of Burgundy, daughter of Hugh II, Duke of Burgundy.
In 1139 he married Agnes de Garlande.
In any case, his brother made his submission in 861 and was given the March of Neustria.
He was the last male representative of the Branicki family.
Beatrix was the daughter of Otto I, Duke of Merania and Beatrice II, Countess of Burgundy.
She worked in the film industry as a public relations specialist and also a model.
Leontius, archbishop of Lyon was a son of St. Rusticus, Archbishop of Lyon.
Odo was the second son of Henry of Burgundy and grandson of Robert I.
She was the mother of James Butler, 1st Earl of Ormond.
Jean's first husband was John Stewart, 1st Lord Darnley, an illegitimate half-brother of Queen Mary, which made Jean a double sister-in-law of the queen.
After that he was appointed ban of Slavonia for King Emeric in 1204.
Mirza Muhammad Siraj ud-Daulah, more commonly known as Siraj ud-Daulah, was the last independent Nawab of Bengal.
She married Count Palatine Charles I of Zweibrücken-Birkenfeld.
He held extensive possessions besides the fief of Polanen.
She is considered a "Reformation Princess", who, together with the Hessian reformer Anton Corvinus, helped the Reformation prevail in today's South Lower Saxony.
He was a supporter and trusted retainer of King Władysław IV Vasa, considered efficient and just.
As the only daughter and heiress of her father, she succeeded to the title of 2nd Baroness Audley [E., 1317] on 10 November 1347.
She was the daughter of Jean-Antoine II de Lascaris, comte de Tende and of Ventimiglia, lord of Maro, Prela and Menton, and his wife Isabeau d'Anglure.
He became dean of Kraków from September 27, 1398 to November 12, 1409 and voivode of Kraków Voivodeship in 1409.
He is rumoured to have been married to Amelia of Mazovia.
Amalie Elisabeth of Hanau-Münzenberg was Landgravine consort and Regent of Hesse-Kassel.
Henriette of Cleves was a French noblewoman and heiress of the Cleves-Nevers family.
Her sister Sophia married Duke Philip II of Pomerania-Wolgast.
He was not married and had no children.
He was one of many among Lothair's entourage to die in an epidemic of 836.
He was returned as a Whig for Arundel in the British House of Commons from 1837 to 1851, and for Limerick City from 1851–1852.
He married Eugenia Hornostajowna before 1555 in Trakai.
Anna Tyszkiewicz was a Polish noble lady and diarist.
He was the son of Duke John I of Lorraine and younger brother of Charles II.
His coat of arms was Chodkiewicz, as was his family name.
1325 Gerhard began his career in the North by taking over the guardianship for his minor nephew Duke Valdemar of Schleswig.
He was linked with the Cleveland Street scandal, wherein he was identified and named by several male prostitutes as a customer of their services.
According to tradition, he lived in the 1370s in Italy and was knighted by Queen Joanna I of Naples for his military and court services.
She was the child of Jacob Kettler and Margravine Louise Charlotte of Brandenburg, eldest daughter of George William, Elector of Brandenburg.
He was also ispán, or head, of many counties, including Baranya and Pozsony.
In 1958, Lord Bridgeman became a Chartered Accountant.
Adolf, appointed by his father's cousin Philip of Cleves, Lord of Ravenstein and Wijnendale, as his successor, but died before Philip
Leone Strozzi, condottiero and Knight of Malta
They had several children, including Odo II.
He is considered the founder of Casa d'Este, having been head of the first family to be master of Este, a town of Padua.
After the death of her third husband, she divided her possessions amongst her four daughters.
The justice was highly prone to miscarriage, in particular, to abusive ennoblement Therefore, this procedure was gradually restricted in various ways.
Anne West, Lady De La Warr was a lady at the court of Queen Elizabeth I of England.
He was regent of Rostock for his younger brother Henry Borwin III, until his brother came of age.
Demetrios Chomatenos mentioned him as having the title of sebastos.
In 1632, when in his late twenties, he went to Flanders with a commission as captain of a company in the Army of Flanders.
Princess Konstancja Poniatowska, who married on 4 April 1775 Ludwik Tyszkiewicz, hetman polny litewski i marszałek wielki litewski
William IV, Count of Forcalquier was the son of Bertrand I Count of Forcalquier and Josserande de la Flotte.
Mary was one of the mistresses of Henry VIII for an unknown period of time.
Following Caterina's resistance to Cesare Borgia, she had to face his fury and he took her prisoner.
Roger de Mortimer, 4th Earl of March and 6th Earl of Ulster was a 14th-century English nobleman.
Sir Mordaunt Martin, 4th Baronet was son of Sir Roger Martin, 3rd Baronet and Sophia Mordaunt.
He left Poland for Sweden, and convinced the Swedish to attack the Commonwealth.
He married in 1448 Ágota Pósa de Szer daughter of Count Miklós Pósa de Szer, they had three children:
From this 4 Graf-lines 2 still exist.
Failure to pay this tribute was considered to be an offense meriting the stripping of one's noble rank.
Little is known about the aforementioned persons themselves, or their possible relationship.
They agreed to divide the Osterland between themselves.
Catherine of Pomerania-Wolgast was the wife of Henry IV, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg, Prince of Wolfenbüttel.
(perhaps) Bertha wife of Alphonso VI of Castile
He ruled Eppstein-Königstein from 1535 until his death.
In September 1213, he married Alix d'Eu, 8th Countess of Eu and 4th Lady of Hastings.
She was a daughter of Floris IV, Count of Holland and Matilda of Brabant.
Demetrio Canevari was an Italian nobleman, doctor and bibliophile.
He was a member of the House of Windisch-Graetz and was chamberlain to Archduchess Marie Antoinette of Austria.
His wife was Anna Sroczycka, daughter of Stanisław Sroczycki, voivode of Kamieniec.
On July 7, 1665 she was married to her cousin, Count Albert Anton II of Schwarzburg-Rudolstadt.
Thomas Ughtred, 1st Baron Ughtred, KG was an English soldier and politician.
Prince Johann Ferdinand of Auersperg was the second Prince of Auersperg and was Duke of Silesia-Münsterberg from 1677 until his death.
Marshal of France from 1641; Viceroy of Navarre and Béarn, and Governor of Bayonne.
After Aurangzeb's death in 1707, he was transferred to the Deccan Plateau by Azim-us-Shan's father the Mughal Emperor Bahadur Shah I.
She married, firstly on November 19, 1748 as his third wife Hetman Jan Klemens Branicki in 1756, and secondly the Masovian voivode Andrzej Mokronowski, without issue.
Securing these concessions, John III Doukas Vatatzes rapidly returned to Asia Minor to combat the invading Seljuk Turks.
He was succeeded as Ilkhan by the puppet Musa.
He died in 1315, and was succeeded by his sister, Joan II, and brother-in-law, Philip II, later queen and king of France.
Muhammad acceded to the Delhi throne upon his father's death in 1325.
He inherited his baronetcy from his father, who was the third Martin Baronet, upon his death in 1762.
Hugh was selected custos for the monastery of St. Benigne, and this office would be held by his descendants until the end of the twelfth century.
Gerhard died 18 May 1360 in a tournament in Düsseldorf and is buried with his wife in the Altenberg Abbey.
Theodoric II was Margrave of Lusatia from 1032 to 1034, the first of the Wettin dynasty.
Agnes Mortimer, Countess of Pembroke was the wife of Laurence Hastings, 1st Earl of Pembroke.
It is rumored  that Alfonso was brutally murdered in 1500 by Cesare, due to interests with France against Naples.
Anne of Bohemia and Austria was a Duchess of Luxembourg in her own right, and as consort, Landgravine of Thuringia and of Saxony.
This led to a war, the Rügen War of Succession.
After Lupo's death, Adalric controlled western Gascony including Lower Navarre, Béarn, and Bigorre.
He married Adela of Blois, daughter of the crusader Stephen, Count of Blois and his widowed countess, Adela of Normandy.
In 1646 he was appointed Field Crown Hetman.
The first Duke of Northumberland was born at Merton College, Oxford.
His father's will, now lost, enjoined him and his brother Ermengol V, who inherited Urgell, to fight continuously against the Muslims.
He was married three times; it is unclear in which marriage Haziga was born.
They were parents of Anne of Brittany, twice queen of France as consort to both Charles VIII and Louis XII.
He was the father and predecessor of King Zwide kaLanga, the rival to King Shaka kaSenzangakhona.
According to the South Slavic Chronicle of the Priest of Duklja, rejected by historians, one of Ratimir's descendants was Svatopluk.
John VIII of Harcourt , count of Aumale, lieutenant and captain general of Normandy, killed at the battle of Verneuil.
Anne d'Arpajon was a French aristocrat and dame d'honneur to Queens of France, Marie Leszczyńska and Marie Antoinette.
She married firstly Baldwin II, Count of Boulogne, and secondly Enguerrand I of Ponthieu.
Progon was succeeded by his two sons, Gjin, and Dimitri.
Maria of Nassau-Dillenburg was a daughter of Count John VI "the Elder" of Nassau-Dillenburg and his first wife, Countess Elisabeth of Leuchtenberg.
Manfred was a cadet of the House of Savoy, and several marquesses of Montferrat had Savoyard wives.
However, he is probably best known for his influence in the life of the future Queen Elizabeth I.
He was born in Hamelin in the Electorate of Hanover and died in Schloss Buchwald in Prussian Silesia.
He left four sons and one daughter:
Herman II, Count of Weimar-Orlamünde was a member of the House of Ascania.
William V, Duke of Jülich was a German nobleman.
Basile, became Abbess of Notre Dame du Val in 1248
Denis was an influential lord in the Kingdom of Hungary in the second half of the 12th century.
Radbod then formed a rebel alliance with Rastislav.
In 1564 he became famous because of his public “blasphemy” against the Catholic doctrine of Transubstantiation during the Corpus Christi procession in Lublin.
Most of these estates passed to Sibyl's husband, Miles de Gloucester, 1st Earl of Hereford, as her dowry.
He translated one of his teacher, Aegidius Hunnius' work into Hungarian language.
He was succeeded by his brother Louis, Count of Guise.
In 1523, he married Anna, a daughter of Louis I of Nassau-Weilburg and Margaret of Nassau-Wiesbaden.
From 1823 he was made commander of a brigade in the Reserve Corps.
Prince Witold Czartoryski was a Polish noble.
Jean Louis de Nogaret de La Valette married Jane De St Lary De Bellegarde in September of 1551 in France.
She was the daughter of Henry III, Landgrave of Upper Hesse and his wife Anna of Katzenelnbogen.
In 1272, she married the royal Prince Robert, Count of Clermont and thereby founded the Capetian dynasty of the Bourbons.
William Frederick, Margrave of Brandenburg-Ansbach, was Margrave of the Principality of Brandenburg-Ansbach from 1703 until his death in 1723.
Their son was Guy I of Dampierre.
For several decades, the interests between the Radziwłł family and the state had begun to drift apart, as the Radziwiłłs increased their magnate status and wealth.
He was the son of Baldwin IV, Count of Flanders, who died in 1035.
In the event, de Vere took the title of Earl of Oxford.
Leopold was left with responsibility of the Further Austrian territories, together with the position of head of the family.
They had five children together: Roza Marianna Potocka, Idalia Potocka, Pelagia Potocka, Stanisław Antoni Potocki and Antoni Potocki.
Together Frederic and Yolande had six children.
Stephen had two brothers, John and Ladislaus.
He is perhaps best known for serving as the President of the Real Audiencia de Santa Fe de Bogotá.
She had twins, Rupert and George; they both died in 1504.
Jane Dudley served as a lady-in-waiting at the court of Henry VIII and was a close friend of Queen Catherine Parr.
He was Count of Burgundy and Count of Mâcon and Vienne.
In 1196 he married Elisabeth of Saint-Pol, daughter of Hugo IV, Count of Saint-Pol and in 1205, he succeeded his father-in-law as count of Saint-Pol.
Marie de Lorraine, styled Mademoiselle d'Elbeuf, married at Joinville on 10 November 1576 Charles de Lorraine-Guise, Duc d'Aumale and had issue.
He was posthumously awarded the rank of shō ichi-i and the position of daijō-daijin.
One of the richest fermiers, he was also superintendent of the Post Office.
Sir Gervase Clifton of Clifton, Nottinghamshire and London was a 15th-century English knight and landowner.
Ernst Ludwig was duke of Pomerania from 1560 to 1592.
Bogislaw received most of the Farther Pomeranian parts of Pomerania-Wolgast, thence Pomerania-Stolp.
No Mongol emerged as khan after him until Genghis Khan.
He was several times envoy to the courts of Turkey and Hungary.
He joined the Franciscans and quickly rose through the ranks of the order.
Degener Buggenhagen, also spelled Degner Buggenhagen was a German nobleman and Hereditary Lord Marshal of the Duchy of Pomerania-Wolgast.
Antonia della Scala, married to Mastino Visconti, son of Bernabò Visconti and Beatrice Regina della Scala.
Until 1569 he ruled together with his brother, Henry of Dannenberg.
Among his court servants and employees were the composer Konrad Hagius.
His eldest brother, Sir Ralph, died before inheriting the title and his two elder brothers died without issue.
Albert II, Count of Hoya was the ruling Count of Hoya from 1545 until his death.
A piece of paper was pasted over Somerset's name in the report, as it was deemed so sensitive.
Henry Nevill, 6th and de jure 4th Baron Abergavenny KB was an English peer.
Henry Raspe I also held the office of Imperial Standard Bearer.
He was pardoned afterwards and entered the service of King Henry III of England.
His parents were Vulfard, Count of Flavigny, and Suzanne, who was a daughter of the Bego I, Count of Paris.
John VI, Count of Oldenburg was a Count of Oldenburg.
On 30 March 1803, Aglaé de Polignac died in an accidental house fire at her home in Edinburgh, Scotland.
Her immediate contemporary was Barbara Villiers, mistress of King Charles II of England.
Simon of Dammartin was a son of Alberic II of Dammartin and his wife Mathildis of Clermont.
Joanna of Châtillon or Joan, French: Jeanne; was the wife of Walter V of Brienne.
His rank in the hierarchy of the Serbian Kingdom was below the rank of kaznac Miroslav and čelnik Branko.
Ivaniš had possessions in the Toplica region and granted one of his villages to the Monastery.
His widow Magdalena Sibylla became regent of Württemberg between 1677 and 1693, until her son reached adulthood.
She married Rotmistrz and Chorąży Stanisław Ferdynand Rzewuski, son of Marshal and Hetman Wacław Rzewuski, on 16 June 1758 in Nieśwież.
As he lay dying he was asked if he had one final request of the King.
Galeazzo Maria Sforza was the fifth Duke of Milan from 1466 until his death.
He was Vogt of the Cathedral chapter in Regensburg.
His widow, however, succeeded in securing their inheritance.
John I, Burgrave of Nuremberg was a member of the House of Hohenzollern and was Burgrave of Nuremberg from 1297 until his death.
Krzysztof Chodkiewicz or Katkevičius was a Polish-Lithuanian nobleman.
He was a member of the House of Babenberg.
On Joanna's death, by agreement the Duchy passed to her great-nephew Antoine, the second son of her niece Margaret III, Countess of Flanders.
His maternal grandparents were Hugh Capet of France and Adelaide of Aquitaine.
He owned what was for his time a large collection of books, and his advice was often sought by many of the other earls.
Eble IV was viscount of Ventadour in the 12th century.
Otto conquered the areas around Zerbst and Salzwedel from Slavs, and maintained Lothar's support once Lothar became king in 1125.
Byzantine sources mentioned him as part of Stefan Lazarević's delegation, who went to Constantinople on the Emperor Manuel II’s invitation.
She was a daughter of Landgrave George II of Hesse-Darmstadt from his marriage to Sophia Eleonore, the daughter of Elector John George I of Saxony.
He was the eldest son of Charles II de Lalaing and Margaret of Croÿ.
Hugh IV, Count of Rethel was a son of Manasses V and his wife, Elisabeth of Écry.
Joan, married in 1288 Enguerrand IV of Coucy, Seigneur of Coucy and Viscount of Meaux
István Esterházy de Galántha was a Hungarian noble and soldier, son of Vice-ispán of Pozsony County Ferenc Esterházy.
However, Muhammad and Abdulaziz had a falling-out after both attempted to place their respective sons in line for kingship.
She was the daughter of Duke Bolko IV of Opole, by his wife Margareta, possibly a member of the House of Görz.
Her father died in 1490, and she inherited extensive lands in Wales.
Eudes II of Burgundy was Duke of Burgundy between 1143 and 1162.
After the death of William II and the succession of the Wolfenbüttel Magnus II, the Lüneburg War of Succession broke out between Saxe-Wittenberg and Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel.
Catherine Hyde, afterwards Duchess of Queensbury was an English socialite in London and a patron of the dramatist John Gay.
Rodrigo Núñez de Guzmán was a Spanish nobleman, Lord of the Castle of Guzmán.
A brave soldier, since 1752 he held the rank of Field Hetman of the Crown.
Edward promptly forwarded the letter to Louis, who now had all the proof he needed.
A messenger was sent to the conspirator, in which he was informed that the King had 'need of a head such as his.'
Furthermore, when in 1936 Dębica became one of main centers of the Central Industrial Region, Pilzno’s importance was further weakened, and it remained so until now.
Henry III of Nassau-Breda, Count of Nassau-Breda
He later married Margaret in 1212, though she was only ten years old and the marriage could not be consummated.
Elias I, called de la Flèche or de Baugency, was the Count of Maine, succeeding his cousin Hugh V, Count of Maine.
He succeeded in escaping Ottoman rule until 1480 when he was defeated and retreated to Herceg Novi.
The Blessed Amadeus IX, nicknamed the Happy, was the Duke of Savoy from 1465 to 1472.
Margaret Dacre, who married John le Scrope.
This however, rests solely on the appearance of Alan's styles.
The fourth Baronet is an Anglican priest and Brother of the Community of the Transfiguration, Midlothian.
William was extradited to Duke Leopold V of Austria and temporarily held in Hungary.
Bernard Roger was the count of Couserans, in which capacity he was lord of parts of Comminges and Foix.
Eleonore Charlotte of Württemberg-Montbéliard, was by marriage Duchess of Oels-Württemberg.
His family domains included several villages around Shkodër and Drisht.
Under interrogation, she proclaimed herself innocent of treason but admitted to receiving conspirators at her houses; she was released in August.
Duke George II of Württemberg-Montbéliard was Duke of Württemberg-Montbéliard from 1662 until his death.
Along with her husband she supported Prince of Conti as a candidate to the Polish throne.
His aunt, Joan of Bar, Countess of Surrey, governed Bar in his name during his minority.
Barnim I the Good from the Griffin dynasty was a Duke of Pomerania from 1220 until his death.
Her paternal grandparents were Marquis Louis Héracle Melchior de Polignac and his wife, Diane Marie Adelaide Zephirine Mazzarini-Mancini.
A regency council was appointed that ruled in his name for the next nine years.
Robert Fabyan was a London draper, Sheriff and Alderman, and author of Fabyan's Chronicle.
In 1802, during the Haitian Revolution, Dermide arrived on the island-colony of Saint-Domingue with his parents, as part of the Saint-Domingue expedition.
He was also a powerful Marcher Lord in Wales and inherited the Lordship of Glamorgan upon the death of his father.
Stanisław Ferdynant Rzewuski was a Polish noble.
A ballad about the wounded marquess explaining his last will was popular among the Italian Alpini during World War I.
Charles of Hesse-Wanfried, was a Landgrave of Hesse-Wanfried.
Wolfgang Wilhelm, Count Palatine of Neuburg, married:
They had four children together: Krzysztof Mikołaj Radziwiłł, Artur Mikołaj Radziwiłł, Konstanty Mikołaj Radziwiłł, and Maciej Mikołaj Radziwiłł.
In 1140, Louis I died and King Conrad III enfeoffed twelve-year-old Louis II with Thuringia.
Chief of these was the estate and her daughter Anna's inheritance, both of which might be threatened if she married him.
His long experience of the Scottish wars led him to develop a battle technique later used to great effect at Crécy and Agincourt.
Between 1457 and 1465, they had six children: Heba, Gela, Enno I, Edzard I the Great, Ucko and Almuth.
He was variously titled Count or Margrave of Saxony and Duke of Franconia.
There are indications he fought at Hastings as he was rewarded with lands in Norfolk that he held on the Domesday Survey in 1086.
Frederick William, Prince of Nassau-Weilburg was a ruler of Nassau-Weilburg.
He succeeded his father as the reigning Count of Waldeck-Waldeck in 1442 – whether this was before or after his father's death is still unclear.
Charles Edzard was the last prince of East Frisia.
Stracimir Balšić was a Lord of Zeta, alongside his two brothers Đurađ I and Balša II, in ca.
At times, he served as the Landeshauptmann and governor of Bohemia.
He served as Lord Lieutenant of Devon.
Catherine Carey, after her marriage Catherine Knollys and later Lady Knollys, was chief Lady of the Bedchamber to Queen Elizabeth I, who was her first cousin.
Their son, George Nevill, and his wife, Mary Whitelock, were the parents of George Nevill, 13th Baron Bergavenny and Capt.
Leuthard I of Paris was count of Paris and Fezensac.
In November 1268 he married Blanche, the daughter of King Louis IX of France.
In 915, he joined Erchanger and Arnulf, Duke of Bavaria, in battle against the Magyars.
He sat until 1629 when King Charles decided to rule without parliament for eleven years.
In 1359, his father made him co-ruler.
Jane Boleyn, Viscountess Rochford was a sister-in-law of King Henry VIII of England.
Robert I of Dreux, nicknamed the Great, was the fifth son of Louis VI of France and Adélaide de Maurienne.
Guillaume Sarkozy, the older brother of Nicolas Sarkozy
Jan Kazimierz Krasiński was a Polish nobleman.
Widowed in 1847, she spent the rest of her life at the château de Rochecotte, which she was given by her mother.
Robert the Strong was the great-grandfather of Hugh Capet and thus the ancestor of all the Capetians.
He loved Catherine de' Medici but they never married.
Pierfrancesco de' Medici the Elder was an Italian banker and diplomat, a member of the House of Medici of Florence.
In 1310, he married Mary, daughter of Robert II, Duke of Burgundy, and was declared to have attained his majority.
His younger brother Ladislaus became head of the family in 1645.
He was the illegitimate son of Pope Alexander VI and his long-term mistress Vannozza dei Cattanei.
Anna Maria of Ostfriesland was a German noblewoman.
He was possibly a Conradine, a relative for sure of Adalard the Seneschal, a Girardid.
He obeyed the orders of each authority even despite his own convictions.
Jean de Bourbon was Duke of Bourbon, from 1410 to his death and Duke of Auvergne since 1416.
He was called as a witness in the charters of the foundation of the abbey of Gellone by his brother William, 15 December 804.
He then left Pune and shifted his camp to Aurangabad.
As an officer he fought in the Polish–Russian War of 1792 and later, as a colonel, in the Kościuszko Uprising.
Bernard VI,, Count of Armagnac and Fezensac, was the son of Gerald VI, Count of Armagnac, and Mathe de Béarn.
Count Michał Jerzy Wandalin Mniszech was a Polish nobleman.
Philibert was the son of the Margrave Bernhard III, Margrave of Baden-Baden and Franziska of Luxembourg.
Unfortunately, climbing up a slope at the age of 81 years, Grouchy was one of the 40 attackers that were killed in action.
Born in Rome, Torlonia was the son of Marino Torlonia, 4th Prince di Civitella-Cesi and his American wife, Mary Elsie Moore.
Charles Christopher, Duke of Münsterberg was duke of Münsterberg from 1565 until his death.
They controlled the Alpine passes of Susa, Embrun, and Gap.
At times, he lived in Paris, where he became acquainted with Voltaire.
The names of the region of Dobruja derives from the Turkish rendition of his name.
He inherited his baronetcy from his father, who was the fourth Martin Baronet, upon his death in 1815.
As part of Morocco's long running conflict with Spain and Portugal, Slimane halted all trade with Europe.
She was particularly careful not to alienate the Queen, Marie Leszczyńska.
Waldrada, wife of Adrian, Count of Orléans, count palatine of the Agilolfing family, brother of Hildegard, wife of Charlemagne.
His elder brother was Timoléon de Cossé, 2nd Count of Brissac.
She was the third wife of John Rawdon, 1st Earl of Moira.
Duke Johann Wilhelm of Saxe-Altenburg was a member of the Ernestine branch of the House of Wettin and a titular Duke of Saxe-Altenburg and of Jülich-Cleves-Berg.
He has been called a possible Duke of Gascony by some scholars.
He was the son of Wild- and Rhinegrave Charles and his wife Louise, a daughter o Frederick Louis, Count of Nassau-Ottweiler.
Othenin, called the Mad, was a Count of Montbéliard.
In 1477, he officiated in the wedding of Maximilian of Habsburg and Mary of Burgundy.
During the Great Sejm he was a leader of the Patriotic Party and the reform movement and eventually backed the King in many reform projects.
Being a catholic, John could make his career in the imperial service.
Leaving Judith in the care of his garrison he continued his campaign.
He was a son of Baldwin II, Count of Flanders, and of Ælfthryth, daughter of Alfred the Great.
Vratko and Oliver led the Serbian army to attack Serres on orders by John VI Kantakouzenos.
Frederick died in 1675 of a riding accident.
Joachim II was a Prince-elector of the Margraviate of Brandenburg, the sixth member of the House of Hohenzollern.
Three of his children have been documented:
Sir Robert Constable, of Everingham, Yorkshire, was an English soldier who fought against the Scots for Henry VIII in the 1540s, Member of Parliament and Sheriff.
In 1702, he declined Charles XII of Sweden's offer to set him up as a rival king to Augustus II of Poland.
Joan of France was the seventh child and fourth daughter of Charles VII of France and Marie of Anjou.
Sophie, married in c. 1360 to Count Dietrich V of Hohnstein, cousin of Heinrich, sharing their county and lordships.
Roland Calvert Cubitt, 3rd Baron Ashcombe DL was a member of the British aristocracy.
John I of Ponthieu was the son of Guy II of Ponthieu and succeeded him as Count of Ponthieu in 1147.
In 1806 he was given the title of Prince of Nassau, while his cousin, Prince Frederick Augustus of Nassau-Usingen, became the Duke of Nassau.
The war began after the deaths of her brothers, Reginald III of Guelders and Edward of Guelders.
He was a son of Lorenz of Werle-Güstrow and his wife Matilda of Werle-Goldberg.
Edward died from wounds received at the Battle of Baesweiler, and Reginald, who was known as the fat, died months later.
Mabel Browne, Countess of Kildare was the wife of Gerald FitzGerald, 11th Earl of Kildare, Baron of Offaly.
However, that Byzantine detachment clashed with the main Hungarian force and was decisively defeated.
he converted to Calvinism and became an ardent supporter of the Polish Reformed Church.
Đurađ Balšić, also known as Đurađ I was the Lord of Zeta between 1362 and 13 January 1378.
After his father died in 1606, George and his brothers decided to divide Nassau-Dillenburg.
His grandson Georg is the current head of the house.
William Howard, 1st Viscount Stafford, FRS was the youngest son of Thomas Howard, 21st Earl of Arundel, and his wife, the former Alethea Talbot.
He first married, c. 1210, Marguerite de Courtenay.
Albert of Koldice was a Bohemian nobleman.
Luitpold of Znojmo, a member of the Přemyslid dynasty, ruled as Moravian duke of Znojmo for twenty years - from 1092 until his death.
He served as squire of Peter, Duke of Coimbra, during the Kingdom of Portugal.
Father of Jan Opaliński and Piotr Opaliński, as well as daughters.
King Edward granted her a stipend to pay for her maintenance.
Frederick II, Margrave of Baden was the ruling Margrave of Baden-Eberstein from 1291 until his death.
Albert of Nassau-Weilburg-Ottweiler, was a Count of the House of Nassau.
Unable to dislodge him, Theodore and John came to terms with the loss of that province.
She married Hieronim Florian Radziwiłł on January 1, 1755 and Maksymilian Dionizy Woroniecki on April 13, 1762 in Kojdanów.
Born in Galicia?, Flávio was the son of the penultimate Visigothic king Wittiza.
He refused to submit to King Augustus III and after 1736 he stayed at the court of Stanisław I Leszczyński in Lunéville, Lorraine.
His first son, Hugh, died in battle at a young age and his second son, Henry, also predeceased him.
In the latter year, as the French troops conquered Milan, he was carried to France by King Louis XII.
Her brothers were Henry III of Nassau-Breda, John of Nassau-Vianden-Dietz, Ernest of Nassau and William the Rich.
His first wife was Maria Mendes de Sousa, descendant of Count Mendo de Sousa and Sueiro Belfaguer.
From 1588 he was also a Field Crown Hetman, and in 1613 was promoted to Grand Hetman of the Crown.
He was harshly treated by his captors, and died at Cartagena on 23 October 1810.
Philip Joseph, Prince of Salm-Kyrburg was the first prince of Salm-Kyrburg, from 1743 to 1779.
Louis Philippe Marie Alexandre Berthier, 2nd Duke of Wagram was a French nobleman and prince of Wagram.
Roger Stafford, 6th Baron Stafford was the son of Richard Stafford, a younger son of Henry Stafford, 1st Baron Stafford and Ursula Pole.
Adam Zygmunt and Teresa had eight children:
They were invested to Adalard the Seneschal and Robert the Strong respectively.
He was buried in the Doberan Minster.
King Henry IV supported his becoming a surintendant des finances, shortly before his death.
William Henry, Prince of Nassau-Saarbrücken, was Prince of Nassau-Saarbrücken from 1741 until his death.
He was the son of the second count Philip de Lalaing and his wife Anna of Rennenberg.
Jocasta "Joyce" Culpeper, of Oxon Hoath was the mother of Catherine Howard, the fifth wife and Queen Consort of King Henry VIII.
On the basis of onomastics, two children have been assigned to him:
She married Stanisław Poniatowski on 14 September 1720 and was the mother of the last Polish king Stanisław August Poniatowski.
Count Jerzy Józef Potocki was a Polish nobleman, captain of the cavalry and diplomat.
Randolph Dacre, 1st Baron Dacre of the North, who married Eleanor FitzHugh, by whom he had no issue.
He was the third son of the founder of the Hokke branch of the Fujiwara, the sangi Fujiwara no Fusasaki.
Eric died of the plague in 1397 in Visby and was buried in St. Mary's Church, also known as Visby cathedral.
She died aged 41 from undisclosed causes.
When her husband fled the court and rejoined the Protestant cause, she refused and stayed behind at court remaining a Catholic the rest of her life.
Flaochad is the last mayor in Burgundy independent of Neustria.
Ulrich re-purchased Montbéliard and in 1542, appointed his son Christopher as governor there.
Sir Lionel Halsey, fourth son of the first Baronet, was an Admiral in the Royal Navy.
He made peace with Ragusa, seen in a charter dated to 22 May 1254.
However, he was defeated in a surprise attack and lost one of his sons.
Guy II of Dampierre was constable of Champagne, and Lord of Dampierre, Bourbon and Montluçon.
Vuk's son, Vlatko, was a celebrated military commander in the service of Bosnian king Tvrtko I.
Alain I de Rohan, also known as le Noir, was the 1st Viscount de Rohan and Viscount of Castelnoec.
He died so suddenly that he could not even appoint a regent for his young daughter.
He is mentioned in the Chronicle of Saint-Maixent.
Agnes, born posthumously, married John, son of Eustace de Vesci, no issue
Christian Ditlev, Count of Reventlow was a Danish Privy Councillor, nobleman and estate owner.
In 1387, she married Siemowit IV, Duke of Masovia, and bore him thirteen children.
Otto III, a member of the House of Gorizia, was Duke of Carinthia and Count of Tyrol from 1295 until his death.
When he died in 1596, the Grubenhagen branch of the Welfs became extinct, whereafter the principality was occupied by Duke Henry Julius of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel.
He eventually attained suzerainty over all the counties of Burgundy save Mâcon and by 890 he was referred to as dux and by 900 as marchio.
Starost of Bydgoszcz, Sambor, Międzyrzecz, Ostrów, Człuchów and Osiek.
Jane was thus the niece of Henry VIII's third wife, Queen Jane, whom she was probably named after.
His third wife was Catherine Parr, later Queen consort of King Henry VIII.
Martim Gonçalves de Lacerda was a Castilian nobleman, came to Portugal in times of John I.
Waleran de Meullent was the eldest son and associate count of Robert II of Meulan.
After she lost the court case, she asked Emperor William I to provide her with a new title.
She was the second wife of Roger Bigod, 5th Earl of Norfolk, Earl Marshal of England.
925/935, 963 Count of Metz, Abbot of Remiremont.
Henry III, Duke of Mecklenburg was Duke of Mecklenburg from 1379 until his death.
He fought successive wars with neighbors in Brittany, Blois, Poitou and Aquitaine and traveled four times to Jerusalem on pilgrimage during the course of his life.
His 1597 will bequeathed his territory between his nephew, Maurice of Hesse-Kassel and Louis V of Hesse-Darmstadt, on the condition that it would remain Lutheran.
Azzone Visconti was lord of Milan from 1329 until his death.
He was knighted in 1553, and succeeded to the title at the death of his father in 1563.
From her he gained titles and lands to Provence.
Herman IX, married before 3 June 1341 to Matilda of Vaihingen
Tomasz Zamoyski was a Polish-Lithuanian nobleman and magnate.
Mikołaj's father, Stefan Aleksander Potocki, Governor of Bełz, with his second wife, Joanna Sieniawska, were the founders of Basilian monastery of the UGCC in Buchach.
He served as master of the cupbearers in 1275.
George Douglas, Master of Angus was a Scottish Nobleman.
The two brothers allied with Salomon of Brittany in opposition to Robert the Strong.
When a conflict occurred between the King and his son, Dušan, however, Vojin and other noblemen joined the Young King Dušan.
Hugh [probably Gaelic: Aodh], was the third successor of Ferchar mac in tSagairt as Mormaer of Ross.
The "Gräfliche Ossolinskische Bibliothekar" Samuel Gottlieb Linde worked at Ossolinski's library until 1803.
He appears in the Orkneyinga saga and briefly in St Olaf's Saga, as incorporated into the Heimskringla.
Batiz married Ahalyz of French origin, who was a maid of honor for Queen Yolanda, the second spouse of King Andrew II.
He took Gelnhausen as the name of his branch of the family after acquiring that estate in 1669.
Prince Hieronim Mikołaj Radziwiłł was a Polish aristocrat, landlord in Balice.
Amicie of Courtenay was a French noblewoman and a member of the Capetian House of Courtenay, a cadet line of the House of Capet.
Mulay Slimane or Suleiman was the Sultan of Morocco from 1792 to 1822.
Wenceslaus II, Duke of Opava-Ratibor was a member of the Opavian branch of the Přemyslid dynasty.
Between 1641 and 1651 the duchy-peerage was held by the Princes of Condé, Henri and his son Louis.
Walter died in 1262, and was succeeded by his youngest brother, Manasses V.
He fought together with the Danes and Frederick I against Henry the Lion.
The son of Jacopino della Scala, he was podestà of Mantua in 1272 and 1275.
He was brought up by his uncle, John II of Luxembourg, Count of Ligny, who named Louis as heir to his estates.
In 1057, he succeeded his father and reigned over a territory larger than that of the Franche-Comté itself.
He succeeded his father Herbert III in 1015 as count of Vermandois.
However, his friendship network and political skills granted him the title of Imperial vicar at Ostiglia, and podestà of Cerea.
Count Philippe de Lannoy is a Belgian nobleman and Provincial Councillor of Hainaut.
In April 1372, custody of both John and his brother Thomas was granted to Blanche Wake, a sister of their grandmother, Joan of Lancaster.
Conrad, grand master of the Teutonic Knights
It is not clear if Bernard was appointed count by Pippin II in opposition to Ranulf, or if he was appointed by Charles to oppose Pippin.
He was the son of Antoine III de Gramont and Françoise-Marguerite du Plessis de Chivré, Richelieu's niece.
Herman Fortunatus, Margrave of Baden-Rodemachern was Margrave of Baden-Rodemachern.
Thus the town of Kungur was founded.
John Neville, 4th Baron Latimer was an English peer, and the stepson of Katherine Parr, later the sixth wife of King Henry VIII.
Roger Mortimer's father, the 3rd Earl of March, died in 1381, leaving the six-year-old Roger to succeed to his father's title.
He was the son of Herman VII of Baden and Agnes of Trunhendingen.
The forces of the East India Company under Robert Clive invaded and the administration of Bengal fell into the hands of the Company.
John Christian was the Count Palatine of Sulzbach from 1732–33.
She was the youngest daughter of Theobald de Bar, Seigneur de Pierrepont and his wife Marie de Namur.
Fulke Underhill was the son of William Underhill of Warwickshire, owner of New Place in Stratford-Upon-Avon.
Thomas was in great favour with the King as many offices, positions, land grants, and pensions were bestowed upon him.
From 1546 until his death, he was also Prince-provost of Weißenburg Abbey.
Denmark was preparing the Pomeranian campaign of 1675, and on 25 October 1675, he was appointed Major General in the Danish army.
He was a prominent advisor and member of the inner council of his elder brother, King Abdulaziz, who ruled until 1953.
Albert was the son of Henry IV, Duke of Mecklenburg, and Dorothea of Brandenburg, the daughter of the Elector Frederick I of Brandenburg.
He was the son of John IV of Armagnac and Isabella of Navarre.
William II, Lord of Béthune, nicknamed William the Red was French nobleman.
He was a member of the House of Babenberg.
She married Temauiari'i a Ma'i they had no children together.
In 1103 Elizabeth married Philip, Count of Mantes, son of Philip I of France and Bertrada de Montfort.
He became General Starost of Ruthenia in 1422 and voivode of the Sandomierz Voivodeship in 1433.
Raimond Roger was a great orator, and attended the Fourth Lateran Council of 1215 to defend Raymond of Toulouse before Innocent III and the council.
Voivode of Navahrudak since 1508, Voivode of Polotsk since 1514, Voivode of Trakai since 1519 and Voivode of Vilnius since 1522.
When his uncle received news of his death, he returned at once to the margraviate to handle the succession.
In 1226, Mary married Hugh I of Châtillon, a count from Châtillon-sur-Marne, son of Gaucher III of Châtillon and Elisabeth of Saint Pol.
The Cistercian missionary Berno of Amelungsborn convinced Pribislav to side with the Christians against the pagan Slavs.
In 1609 he withdrew into exile, and died in Paris, France on 3 March 1611.
She is remembered as the title character of the novel Die Gräfin von Sayn by Karl Ramseger-Mühle.
His victorious partners proudly boasted of their success, and mocked Ebles and his tardy army.
As an effect of his mission, on July 31, 1370, a new bishopric of Seret was created and the following year Andrzej became its first bishop.
With him, she had two sons: Charles Adolph and Charles Louis.
Tora married King Harald Hardrada of Norway in 1048.
Agnes, married 1377 to Christian V, Count of Oldenburg-Welsburg.
Adèle of Champagne, married King Louis VII of France
In 1698, she moved to Hamburg, where she lived in a house at the Jungfernstieg.
The duke is estimated to be worth US$13 billion, making him the world's richest person aged under 30.
Otto V also persistently defended his claims on Pomerania against Polish counter-claims.
Philip Dumaresq, was Seigneur of Samarès, in the parish of Saint Clement, Jersey.
Louis VI soon arrived to relieve the siege, and Milo was obliged to retire.
He was owner of Węglówka, Kombornia, Wola Komborska, Jabłonica, Malinówka and the Kamieniec castle in Odrzykoń.
After lengthy negotiations with the Estates on 19 June 1662 and 4 October 1663, a compromise was reached.
He was also the fourth husband of Catherine Parr who was the sixth and last wife of Henry VIII.
Archambaud VIII of Bourbon, nicknamed the Great, was a ruler of Bourbonnais in the modern region of Auvergne, France.
Following that he functioned as ispán of Bihar County in 1208.
In 1171, the nobles of Béarn executed their elected viscount Theobald.
He preceded her, dying on 15 February 1678.
Marriage with Izabela Tęczyńska in 1639 allowed him to inherit the significant estates of the Tęczyński family.
John Philip III, Wild- and Rhinegrave of Salm-Dhaun was a German nobleman.
Hrvoje Vukčić Hrvatinić was a Ban of Croatia, Grand Duke of Bosnia and Duke of Split.
Isabel le Despenser was the eldest daughter of Hugh Despenser the Younger and Eleanor de Clare.
In 1417, William made an attempt to recapture Gorinchem.
René of Châlon, also known as Renatus of Châlon, was a Prince of Orange and stadtholder of Holland, Zeeland, Utrecht and Gelre.
He died campaigning in France in 1360.
He inherited all his father's titles on his death in 1008.
Count Jobst II of Hoya ruled the County of Hoya from 1511 until his death.
Soon Louis was dead, but his son, Theodoric II of Bar, claimed the succession anyway.
Souveraine d'Angoulême, married Michel III de Gaillard, Seigneur de Chilly.
In 1143, however, the King arrested Essex and Oxford at St. Albans.
He obtained lands and the lordship of Alnwick in Northumberland from King William II of England.
In 1257, he occupied Vidin and thenceforward he styled himself Tsar of Bulgaria.
In 1264, Kermac is recorded to have received compensation for services rendered.
Shortly after 4 September 959, his wife Sancha of Navarre died, and in 960 Fernán was defeated through Navarrese intervention on Sancho's behalf.
João Lourenço da Cunha was a Portuguese nobleman, 2nd Lord of Pombeiro.
The Annales Vedastes record that in 889
In Egypt, at the request of Senator Joseph de Picciotto Bey, the Senate decided, according to press reports, not to hold meetings on the Sabbath day.
Kazimierz was Colonel of the voivodeships of Greater Poland and castellan of Poznań since 1646.
Rafał Leszczyński was a Polish–Lithuanian noble and Imperial count.
In return, the French agreed to leave local customs intact and specifically promised not to intervene in the selection of rulers.
In 1594 he participated in the suppression of the Nalyvaiko Uprising.
William, however, gave battle and was routed.
Niklot or Nyklot was a pagan chief or prince of the Slavic Obotrites and an ancestor of the House of Mecklenburg.
Henry V, Holy Roman Emperor already addressed Otto Count of "Witlinesbac" in a document in 1115.
From 1707 to 1710 he was representative at the court of Stanisław Leszczyński.
Louis III, Count of Blois and Soissons
Duke Wartislaw X of Pomerania was the second son of Duke Wartislaw IX of Pomerania and his wife, Sophia of Saxe-Lauenburg.
He was the ruling Count of Hanau-Lichtenberg from 1641 and of Hanau-Münzenberg from 1642.
He became progenitor of the dynasty of the Otakars.
He was a strong supporter of giving more power to the King.
She and her husband, Gilbert I of Gévaudan, were considered virtuous.
Camillo Francesco Maria Pamphili was an Italian Catholic Cardinal and later nobleman of the Pamphili family.
Gjergj Arianiti is enumerated in Albanian folk tellings.
Chodkiewicz distanced himself from his Eastern Orthodox roots—he possibly converted to Catholicism around 1530 and to Lutheranism around 1550.
Their ancestor's full name was Tjin-A-Djie, but according to the habits of the Chinese people, the root and base surname is Tjin.
Ponsonby married Sarah Margetson, an heiress whose family owned Bishopscourt, County Kildare, and his family remained there until the 1830s.
Charena was a nobleman in the Kingdom of Hungary, who served as Judge royal in 1184, during the reign of Béla III of Hungary.
He married Marie d'Albret, daughter of Charles II d'Albret on 11 June 1456, but had no legitimate children.
While Savonarola intervened with the French king, the Florentines expelled the ruling Medici and, at the friar's urging, established a "popular" republic.
Renauld II, Count of Nevers and Auxerre was the son of William I of Nevers, Count of Nevers and Ermengarde.
His older brother was Nikola Radonja and his younger brother was Vuk Branković.
Elizabeth Smith-Stanley, Countess of Derby was an English peeress.
Sometime before the coronation of Elizabeth in May 1465, Catherine was married to Henry Stafford, 2nd Duke of Buckingham; both were still children.
Stephen succeeded to the County in 1097, following the death in the Crusades of his elder brother, Reginald II.
Abdallah bin Jiluwi was one of the early Saudi governors and he was one of the bravest
In 1667 he married and retired to his estate in Lesser Poland.
La Trémoille died shortly after his son's birth, in 1839.
However, he was brought back as deputy subahdar in 1710.
He was Seigneur of Arlay and Viscount of Besançon.
They had seven sons and two daughters:
She was a member of the House of Welf and was princess-abbess of the Imperial Free secular Abbey in Gandersheim .
After the death of his father in 1337, he ruled alone until 1339 and jointly with his brother Bernard II from 1339 to 1347.
He besieged Poitiers, which resisted under its bishop, Ebroin, until he was forced to retreat by Charles's army.
Magdalena Catherine, Countess Palatine of Zweibrücken was a Countess Palatine of Zweibrücken by birth and by marriage Duchess and Countess Palatine of Birkenfeld.
Geoffrey I of Anjou, known as Grisegonelle, was count of Anjou from 960 to 987.
Isabel de Velasco y Tovar, who married Antonio Gómez de Mendoza, 5th Count of Castrogeriz
Ocko I tom Brok married Foelke Kampana of Hinte.
She was an aunt of the Dutch queen regent Emma of Waldeck and Pyrmont.
They were scolded by their mother Hoelun for that.
Son of Józef Aleksander Lubomirski, he married Teresa Czartoryska, daughter of Prince Józef Klemens Czartoryski.
Apor from the kindred Péc was a Hungarian baron and landowner, who held several secular positions during the reign of kings Ladislaus IV and Andrew III.
Countess Anna Maria Komorowska was born in Białogard, Poland.
Dragoslav had acquired good master artists for his church.
His brother Christopher died impoverished in a guest house in Regensburg.
Acfred's deposition was not recognised by the king until 844 or 845, when, having defeated and executed Bernard, he appointed Fredelon count of Toulouse.
After the defeat of Albert Alcibiades, the Hohenzollerns made their influence felt and gave the principality of Brandenburg-Kulmbach to George Frederick I of Brandenburg-Ansbach-Kulmbach.
Alexandre de Bauffremont was prince-duke of Bauffremont.
Tuoba Yituo was the chieftain of the central Tuoba territory from 295 to 305.
Contemporary records refer to Ingelger as a miles optimus, a great military man.
He was son of Alberic II of Dammartin, and Mathilde of Clermont.
After his death in the White Ship disaster of 1120, she became a nun and later Abbess of Fontevrault.
Mathilde of Bourbon was a French noblewoman.
He was a ruling Count of Hohenzollern.
Ninoslav continually defended Bosnia during the Bosnian Crusade that prosecuted its heretic population.
In 1598 as the court of King Sigismund III Vasa visited Sweden with him in voyage by Baltic sea.
Known for his ruthlessness towards the Russian peoples, he was nicknamed Pan Hetman, literally meaning Mr General.
He was Treasurer of the Crown Court from 1684, he was also Starosta of Chełm.
De Voorst is a large country house near Zutphen, financed by William III, and not unlike the royal palace Het Loo in Apeldoorn.
John Leslie, son of John Leslie, 6th Earl of Rothes, was the 7th Earl of Rothes and 1st Duke of Rothes.
His most important patrimonial possession was Musninkai where he funded a Catholic church.
He succeeded his father as Margrave in 1677.
He became Sejm Marshal of the ordinary Sejm between 1 February and 29 March 1643 in Warsaw.
Joan Dacre, who married Thomas Clifford, 8th Baron de Clifford.
Among major towns of contemporary Poland, which belonged to the voivodeship are Biłgoraj, Kraśnik, Lubartów, Leczna, Opole Lubelskie, Łuków, Parczew, Puławy, Radzyń Podlaski, Siedlce, and Świdnik.
After the death of his half-brother Fanca, Cungšan brought the Right Guard under his control.
In 1313, Adelaide married Duke Eric II of Schleswig.
He was a sixth generation descendant of Charlemagne.
Jacques de Foix, Infante de Navarra, Count de Montfort.
Since Henry Borwin III was still a minor when his father died in 1226, his brother Nicholas I acted as regent until 1234.
To redeem his honor and quiet the ridicule, Ebles accepted a challenge to confront the remant of the Danish army that remained camped on the Mont-Levis.
In 1526, he and his uncle Philip III of Waldeck-Eisenberg led the Lutheran Reformation in the county of Waldeck.
Elisabeth Auguste of Neuburg was the only surviving child of Charles III Philip, Elector Palatine.
He was the father of Stephen of England.
Sir John Scott of Scot's Hall in Smeeth was a Kent landowner, and committed supporter of the House of York.
She was sent as a ward to Northumberland.
Originally composed in Greek in 1326-27 while Theodore was in Constantinople, it exists now only in the medieval French translation of Jean de Vignay.
Anna Maria Wilhelmina, married in 1680 with Prince Ferdinand August of Lobkowicz
In the aftermath of the Warsaw Uprising during the Kościuszko Uprising, he was imprisoned by the Polish revolutionaries.
He is one of the characters on the famous painting by Jan Matejko, Prussian Homage.
The nickname of Iron refers to the fact that, due to his involvement in numerous wars and feud, he was often wearing armour.
Henry Grey, 1st Duke of Suffolk, 3rd Marquess of Dorset KB KG was an English courtier and nobleman of the Tudor period.
Charlotte de Laval, Dame de Châtillon, was a French noblewoman from one of the most powerful families in Brittany.
She was famous in contemporary Europe for her beauty and adventurous life.
The family most likely supported Dušan's Bosnian campaign, in which he saw to reconquer Hum.
Thietmar was Margrave of Meissen from about 976 until his death.
A member of a wealthy Tipperary family, Thomas' greatest legacy is a harp composition he commissioned to be played at his funeral.
Louis de Rouvroy, Second Duke of Saint-Simon, was a French soldier, diplomat and noted diarist.
She is sometimes mistakenly referred to in documents as "Cecilia", which was the name of her youngest sister.
Stanisław was owner of Rymanów-Zdrój and Olszyce estates.
Demetrio Reres or Demetrius Reres was 15th century Albanian and Calabrian nobleman.
Duke Albert succeeded his father as reigning Prince of Mecklenburg in 1329.
Imiza of Luxembourg; married Welf II of Altdorf, Count in Lechrain
Ochirtu Khan was killed in battle by the Dzungar forces of his son-in-law, Galdan Boshugtu Khan.
He was son of Guy XIX de Laval and Anne d'Algère.
He was a general in the Imperial Army and fought against the Ottoman Empire.
Prince Eustachy Erazm Sanguszko - Polish nobleman, general, military commander, diplomat and politician.
Welf married Ethelinde of Northeim, daughter of Otto II, Duke of Bavaria.
The marriage with Prince Adam Karol ended in divorce on 28 April 1986.
Robert was buried at Gisborough Priory in the North Riding, Yorkshire, England, a monastery founded by his father Robert I de Brus.
He was the youngest of the surviving sons of Günther XL, Count of Schwarzburg-Blankenburg and his wife Countess Elisabeth zu Ysenburg-Büdingen in Birstein.
They produced four known children – two sons and two daughters.
William I of Dampierre was the son of Guy I, Lord of Dampierre and Viscount of Troyes, and Helvide de Baudémont.
Rouillé was unable to prevent the escalation of the Anglo-French conflict into open war in 1756.
Adelaide died in 1218, while her husband was away on the Fifth Crusade.
Philip II, Count of Daun-Falkenstein was a German nobleman.
After accomplishing their goals and entering Pamplona with no resistance, they were defeated on the way back at the so-called "Second Battle of Roncesvalles."
Jeanne was responsible for the later additions and fortifications of the Chateau of Fougères which provided a greater stability for the town.
He was the ruling Lord of Bronckhorst from 1399 until his death, and the ruling Lord of Borculo from 1402 until his death.
She married on 24 November 1276 to Simon I of Lippe and had the following children:
After his military training, Friedrich Ludwig became a passionate hunter and soldier.
His siblings were Luis, Maria, Antonio and Diego Hurtado.
Branicki was awarded the Order of the White Eagle in December 1764.
However, Gille Críst's descendents had been excluded from inheritance by the line of Morggán, Mormaer of Mar, who were monopolizing the comital title.
Amadeus was the son of Amadeus VI, Count of Savoy and Bonne of Bourbon.
Marie Christine de Pardaillan de Gondrin was the eldest legitimate child of Françoise de Rochechouart de Mortemart and her husband, the Marquis of Montespan.
His eldest, but illegitimate son was Widzeld tom Brok,, who succeeded his father as chieftain after he had been murdered.
When his brother Louis Crato died in 1713 he took up the government in Nassau-Saarbrücken.
Count Palatine William of Birkenfeld-Gelnhausen was a titular Count Palatine of Zweibrücken-Birkenfeld and an Imperial Field Marshal.
His parents' marriage was later declared illegal, because his father had already received minor orders.
He is mentioned in 1426 alongside veliki vojvoda Radoslav, čelnik Radič and logotet Voihna.
He was the son of Henry Charles Howard, 13th Duke of Norfolk, and Lady Charlotte Sophia Leveson-Gower.
Parr also obtained his ex-wife's lands and titles, being created Earl of Essex.
Matthew and Marie had 2 daughters: Ida, Countess of Boulogne, and Maud of Boulogne.
By Helen, he had three sons, including his successor Gartnait, and two daughters.
He was so angry that he confined Agnes for the rest of her life in Eberstein Castle in Ebersteinburg..
In the meantime, Juliana had moved the court from Aurich to Sandhorst to be able to indulge in the sweet life undisturbedly.
He married Gisela and had four children.
Little is known about his life and he died shortly before his father, and thus was never duke himself.
He was beheaded on October 3, 1483, along with his son Peter, in front of the cathedral of Mondoñedo by order of the Catholic Monarchs.
In his later life he made amends by donating the church of Saint-Martin de Berdale to the canons of Saint-Marie.
Raoul I of Lusignan or Raoul I de Lusignan was the second son of Hugh de Lusignan, Co-Seigneur de Lusignan and the grandson of Hugh VIII.
A book about the house of Savoy at this time mentions the debate regarding her name, but finds a source which Cox finds settles the debate.
Domingo Belgrano Pérez was an Italian merchant and politician.
Frederica Susanna Mildmay,, Countess FitzWalter, 3rd Countess of Mértola was a British peeress.
In 1435 he died, powerless, as the last of his line in Norden.
Johann's mother was Elisabeth, a daughter of Adolph I of Nassau-Wiesbaden.
They had a daughter, Maria Theresa of Auersperg, who married Count Georg Siegmund of Auersperg-Kirchberg.
He died in Shahjahanbad on 4 Dhu al-Hijjah 1155 AH/30 January 1743 at the age of 70 years.
Finally Eustace commanded a division of the crusader army during the Battle of Ascalon.
He was born in Kotla Tolay Khan in Multan.
After Jasper's death in 1495 - not later than 24 February 1496, - Catherine married Richard Wingfield, who outlived her.
His mother's Liber Manualis mentions that he was born at Uzès in the year following the death of Louis the Pious.
George was required to return Durazzo to the Republic of Venice in 1392.
Baldwin VI of Hainaut, also count of Flanders and Latin Emperor
Herman I was arrested and brought the Blankenburg.
He married on 19 April 1646 to Maria Magdalene.
He grew up at Wulfhall, the Seymour family home, in Wiltshire, a county in southwest England.
Catherine was the second wife of Louis VII, Duke of Bavaria.
Elizabeth Russell, Duchess of Bedford VA was born the daughter of the 5th Earl De La Warr and his wife Lady Elizabeth Sackville.
He started to serve in the military early in his life.
Guy Auguste married twice, first Yvonne Sylvie Breil de Rays on 7 February 1729, with whom he fathered two sons, Louis Antoine Auguste and Charles.
Jacqueline of Luxembourg, married Philip I of Croy
He became the duke following the abdication of his older brother, Hugh I, who retired to become a Benedictine monk.
In 1207, he appeared in charters as Judge royal at the first time; perhaps he already held that position since 1206.
However, Julius was the husband of Kunigunda Csák; thus, he also belonged to the Csák clan.
Baldwin V, Count of Hainaut, later Count of Flanders by marriage to Margaret I of Flanders
He was named after his maternal grandfather, and was to first Wolrad in the House of Waldeck.
Godfrey II was the count of Louvain, landgrave of Brabant by inheritance from 23 January 1139.
He was the son of Kraft III of Hohenlohe-Neuenstein and Sophie of Birkenfeld, a daughter of Charles I, Count Palatine of Zweibrücken-Birkenfeld.
He succeeded his father as Count of Nassau-Saarbrücken in 1640.
She was the wealthiest lady in Poland.
He was married to the prestigious Lucrezia de' Medici, daughter of Lorenzo de' Medici, on September 10, 1486, and they would have 10 children together.
Margaret of Brittany was a duchess consort of Brittany.
Also in 1566, he inherited the Lordships of Useldange, Pittingen and Roußzy.
After war began in 1455, York sent Edmund to uphold the authority of the King in South Wales.
Burgh died at Newry, County Down, Ireland, on 14 October 1597.
When he died, the Earldom of Nottingham became extinct, but the Barony was succeeded by Francis Howard, 5th Baron Howard of Effingham.
Margrave Rudolf II of Hachberg-Sausenberg was the son of Margrave Rudolf I of Hachberg-Sausenberg and his wife Agnes, the heiress of Otto of Rötteln.
Adelolf was the father of Arnulf II, Count of Boulogne, and of an illegitimate son named Baldwin who was guardian of Arnulf II, Count of Flanders.
in 1452 to Duke Albrecht VI of Austria
Born the seventh son of the chūnagon Nakatomi no Omimaro of the Nakatomi clan, he changed his name and founded the Ōnakatomi clan.
Gumprecht II of Neuenahr was a German nobleman.
Frederick Louis, Prince of Hohenlohe-Ingelfingen was a Prussian general.
For a time, Godfrey was known as Count Palatine of Lotharingia.
In 1499, he became a sworn member of the Illustrious Brotherhood of Our Blessed Lady in 's-Hertogenbosch.
He died in February 1743, and was succeeded by his eldest son Thomas, then an officer in the Horse Grenadier Guards.
He became involved in conflicts with Normandy and for France.
Prince Stanisław Lubomirski was a Polish nobleman.
His son Ernest died shortly after Albert himself died.
From his mother Henri inherited the title of Comte de Candale, becoming the 7th of that line.
Yolande II or Yolande of Nevers, was the daughter of Odo of Burgundy, and Matilda II, Countess of Nevers.
She was pregnant at the time, and was in charge of protecting the central flank.
The date of birth of Konstanty Wasyl Ostrogski is disputed.
He was one of the staunchest supporters of Charles I of Hungary.
In 1664, he was elevated to Prince of Nassau-Siegen.
Adalbert was the son of Elector Ernest of Saxony and his wife Elisabeth of Bavaria-Munich.
Vojin's support of Dušan further elevated the Vojinović family.
He was taught as a child by John Foxe, the Protestant martyrologist, who remained a lifelong recipient of Norfolk's patronage.
He also proposed the opening of public schools free of charge.
Dorothea of Saxe-Altenburg, was a princess from the House of Wettin by birth and by marriage Duchess of Saxe-Eisenach.
According to a charter issued in 1237, Sal died without male heirs.
Near 995, he entered into a war against Fulk, who was already at war with Geoffrey I of Brittany.
Frederick I of Mecklenburg-Grabow, Duke of Mecklenburg-Grabow
Lambert scorned both temporal and spiritual authorities and in 1054 even took up arms against Holy Roman Emperor Henry III.
Rixa of Werle married on 10 January 1284 with Duke Albert II of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel.
He is the third child and only son of Gerald Grosvenor, 6th Duke of Westminster and his wife Natalia Phillips Grosvenor, Duchess of Westminster.
He was the son of the famous hetman Stanisław Koniecpolski.
In 1296 Otto married Elizabeth of Holstein, daughter of Gerhard II, Count of Holstein-Plön.
Burkhard I, Count of Zollern is considered the first well-documented ancestor of the Hohenzollern dynasty.
Manasses IV, Count of Rethel was a son of Guitier of Rethel and Beatrice of Namur.
Her sister-in-law and cousin was Magdalene Sibylle of Saxony.
Walter Stewart was the 6th hereditary High Steward of Scotland.
In 1587 he founded Franzburg to compete with Stralsund.
Pompignan was the archbishop of Vienne against whose defense of the faith Voltaire launched the good-natured mockery of Les Lettres d'un Quaker.
Astikas' patrimonial lands were around Kernavė, Anykščiai, Užpaliai.
Henry Somerset, 2nd Duke of Beaufort, KG PC was an English peer and politician.
Van Montfoort supported Frans van Brederode during his failed rebellion between 1488–1490.
He was the ruling Duke of Württemberg-Bernstadt from 1669 to 1697 and then the ruling Duke of Oels-Württemberg from 1697 until his death.
He is seen as one of the most accomplished military commanders in the history of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth.
She was the founder of Clare College, Cambridge, and a granddaughter of King Edward I of England.
He was prince of Wolfenbüttel during 1735.
Ramon was also present at the Battle of Albesa shortly thereafter.
Dumaresq's only child, Deborah, married Philip, son of Benjamin Dumaresq, a junior scion of Dumaresq des Augrès, but she died without issue.
Hellicha of Wittelsbach, was Duchess consort of Bohemia from 1189 to 1198, married to Duke Conrad II.
He was Great Podkomorzy of the Crown from 1742 to 1773 and General of the Crown Army.
Following his father, William II carried the title of prince of Orange.
His son Friedrich Graf Dönhoff, born in Waldau in 1639, took up service for the Brandenburg electoral court.
Hamo I also had a natural son Saloman who was the given the fief of Garclip later known as the seigneure of Du Guseclin.
Louis William Geldricus Ernest of Bentheim and Steinfurt was a member of the House of Bentheim-Steinfurt.
When Ebles’ benefactor, William the Pious, died, William was succeeded as Duke of Aquitaine by William the Younger.
Upon William's death in 1361, the Duchy of Jülich passed to his second son, William, his eldest son having predeceased.
Charles, to attain peace, took the march back and gave it to Gauzfrid of Neustria, a Rorgonid.
He died in Paris shortly before his father and thus never succeeded his father as Count of Flanders.
Margaret Elisabeth of Leiningen-Westerburg, was a Countess of Leiningen and regent of the Landgraviate of Hesse-Homburg.
Hence, Ernest is known as the ancestor of the Catholic Rotenburg Quarter, a group of junior lines of the House of Hesse.
He was also rector of Maurienne and Susa.
He is therefore depicted without mitre and pallium.
Through his daughter he was the grandfather of Eleanor of Aquitaine, who would become Duchess of Aquitaine as well as queen of both France and England.
Boleslaus is notorious for the murder of his brother Wenceslaus, through which he became Duke of Bohemia.
She was the third of six children born to Count Leon Michał Komorowski and his wife, Princess Zofia Sapieha.
Amaury was married to Beatrix, daughter of Guigues VI of Viennois, and was the father of:
She first married Odo I, Count of Blois in about 983.
Robert de Vere was the second surviving son of Aubrey de Vere, 1st Earl of Oxford, and his third wife, Agnes of Essex.
The earl of Essex retaliated by rebelling against the king; it appears that Oxford did not actively or openly support his brother-in-law.
In 1685 he fought as a free-lancer for the Duke of Lorraine and the Elector of Bavaria.
In 1492, Maximilian gave him the titles of Count of Buren and Count of Leerdam.
Humphrey I was certainly a Norman from Italy, and perhaps connected to the House of Hauteville who had settled in Southern Italy.
Around 1108, Floris II married Gertrude, the daughter of Theodoric II, Duke of Lorraine.
He ruled only nominally, as true power was in the hands of his mother, Adelaide of Susa.
Dorothea of Brunswick-Lüneburg was a daughter of Duke William "the younger" of Brunswick-Lüneburg and his wife, Dorothea of Denmark, Duchess of Brunswick-Lüneburg.
He rebelled against King Edward II over the issue of Piers Gaveston and was imprisoned for a few months.
William won his patrimony in a war with his half-brother Odo, who was killed in battle at Mauzé.
Philip and the Count of Vianden were buried in the Franciscan church of Famagusta.
Granted Magdeburg rights in 1354 by King Kazimierz Wielki, Pilzno has a rich history.
In 1145, Helibo was posthumously honoured with the temple name Shizu by his descendant, Emperor Xizong of the Jin dynasty.
She was suo jure countess of Blois from 1218 to 1230.
Balthasar, Lord of Werle-Güstrow was Lord of Werle-Güstrow from 1393 or 1394 to 1421 and Prince of Wenden from 1418.
He was the only son of Henri I d'Orléans, duc de Longueville and Catherine Gonzaga.
Tezozomoctzin was a son of Itzcoatl, the fourth Aztec ruler of Tenochtitlan.
David Lloyd in his Memoirs of Excellent Personages gives several anecdotes illustrating Carnarvon's character.
Upon her second marriage, she became the Countess of Sutherland.
He was thus a leading member of the House of Schauenburg and an influential figure in the area north of the Elbe.
Martin was a loyal supporter of Duke Andrew, who rebelled against the realm of his brother, King Emeric at several times.
He was also briefly Earl of Richmond in 1341 after the death of John III, Duke of Brittany.
He ruled from 1428 to 1441, and abdicated on 21 June 1441 in favor of his infant sons, Rudolf IV and Hugo.
On 10 December 1822, Dudevant married Aurore Dupin, who would soon become well known as the author and politician George Sand.
Stephen would later die at the battle of Ramla in 1102.
John had converted to the Roman Catholic faith at an early age, and needed papal dispensation to marry his niece.
He was the only son of Duke Bogislaw IV of Pomerania and his wife Margareta, a daughter of Vitslav II, Prince of Rügen.
Robert II de Brus, le Meschin, was a 12th-century Norman noble and 2nd Lord of Annandale.
The king also asked for an annulment to his marriage with Maria of Castile, but Pope Callistus III refused it.
Filips II of Vianden 8th duke of Vianden 1310-1315/1316
Dost Mohammad Khan was the founder of the Bhopal State in central India.
Duke Christian Ulrich I of Württemberg-Oels was a German nobleman.
His son Wolfgang inherited the title and his daughter Christine died young in 1534.
He had an illegitimate daughter who married Otto Raymond of L'Isle-Jourdain.
In 1642 he married Anne Geneviève de Bourbon; his brother-in-law was Louis II de Bourbon, Prince de Condé, leader of the aristocratic party in the Fronde.
Karl, Count of Hohenzollern-Haigerloch was the third Count of Hohenzollern-Haigerloch.
His son Bernard Ezi IV succeeded him in Albret and on the Council.
Jan Amor Tarnowski was a Polish nobleman, knight, military commander, military theoretician, and statesman of the Crown of the Kingdom of Poland.
She was married to Mikołaj Oleśnicki in 1602.
He was the second owner of the Prussian secundogeniture of Brandenburg-Schwedt.
She was thus a niece of Henry VIII.
Thomas took part in several of the military campaigns of Edward III.
His residence and capital was in Slankamen.
During the lifetime of his elder brother John, the fourth lord, Edward married, very soon after her husband's death in Ireland, the widowed Countess of March.
In 1418, his castle at Harcourt was taken by the English.
In 1211, he refused to appear before Philip in a legal matter, a suit with Philippe de Dreux, bishop of Beauvais.
In that same year, he recognised the newly elected king of Germany, Henry the Fowler, duke of Saxony.
In Greek mythology, Tyndareus was a Spartan king.
João Fernandes de Andrade was a Portuguese nobleman, member of the Court of Afonso V and John II of Portugal.
He was a member of the Académie française.
At the age of 22 he took possession of the Gelmelslot at Hoogstraten.
A tensó on the same subject was composed by Guiraut de Bornelh and king Alfonso II of Aragon.
Johan was unable to distinguish himself, and also took some unwise and ill-advised actions, such as those that lead to the Guelders feud.
His parents had initially destined him for an ecclesiastical career.
In 1228 she married Landgrave Henry Raspe of Thuringia, the later anti-king of Germany.
The seneschalship passed to her husband, Amaury I, Sire de Craon, as well as the vast Sablè barony, to which she had succeeded in 1222.
Born in Piedmont, he was originally known as Francesco-Maria di Broglia, conte di Revel before becoming naturalized in France after 1643.
The title of stavilac ranked as the last in the hierarchy of the Serbian court, behind čelnik, kaznac, tepčija and vojvoda, the supreme title.
Jean du Thiers, seigneur de Beauvoir was Minister of Finance for Henry II of France, and a Secretary of State.
He was sent to Gascony in December 1295 on the king's service.
She was buried in the new church in the friary there.
He succeeded his father as Count of Neuchâtel in 1421.
By Louis II Ingelger was appointed viscount of Orléans, which city was under the rule of its bishops at the time.
On 15 May 1468 he married Louise de Laval, daughter of Guy XIV de Laval and Isabelle of Brittany.
Juraj Križanić, also known as Yuriy Krizhanich or Iurii Krizhanich, was a Croatian Catholic missionary who is often regarded as the earliest recorded pan-Slavist.
He married Agnes of Bar-le-Duc, daughter of Thibaut I of Bar-le-Duc and Hermesend of Bar-sur-seine, in 1216.
She died shortly after 12 August 1389 and was buried next to Walter Stewart.
One of the wealthiest Polish magnates in the 17th century, owner of 12 towns, 257 villages and 17 palaces.
His elder brother John Casimir received the lands Louis had inherited from his father, and continued the Leiningen-Leiningen line.
About this time began his conflict with Jan Zamoyski.
Sir William Brooke, 10th Baron Cobham, KG was Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports, and a Member of Parliament for Hythe.
On Philip's advice, he then set aside Marie, and forcibly married Ida, Countess of Boulogne.
He was the last Count of Laval to take the name of Guy.
Therefore, Margaret de Fiennes was a great-aunt of Joan, the Fair Maid of Kent.
Anne, who was only 3 years old when her father died, inherited his extensive lands and wealth.
In 1195 he was assessed to pay 500 marks towards the ransom of King Richard, who was being held captive by the Emperor Henry VI.
She was a musician, and played the organ for Pope Pius II and the future Pope Alexander VI in 1460; she was a landowner.
Countess Anna of Stolberg-Wernigerode was a German noblewoman.
Ferdinand I Gonzaga was Duke of Mantua and Duke of Montferrat from 1612 until his death.
Barnim VI, Duke of Pomerania was duke of Pomerania-Wolgast from 1394 to 1405.
This was his second marriage; it remained childless.
In 1561, Wilhelm officially converted the County of Eberstein to Protestantism.
His son Thomas Székely was prior of Vrana.
George Charles of Hesse-Kassel was a prince of Hesse-Kassel and a Prussian General.
Amalie of the Palatinate was a member of the Wittelsbach family and a Countess Palatine of Simmern by birth and Duchess of Pomerania-Wolgast by marriage.
During his absence the Mohács catastrophe took place, and Nádasdy only returned to Hungary in time to escort the queen-widow from Komárom to Pozsony.
Gabriel was mentioned as ispán among the great barons in 1157.
He served then as an officer of the King's Mousquetaires in 1814.
He was a Field Clerk of the Crown since 1732, voivode of Podole Voivodship between 1736 and 1762.
Beatrice of Savoy was the daughter of Amadeus IV the Count of Savoy and his second wife, Cecile of Baux.
Conrad of Hohenstaufen was the first hereditary Count Palatine of the Rhine.
Agnes of Hohenstaufen was the daughter and heiress of the Hohenstaufen count palatine Conrad of the Rhine.
Mary Anne Abercromby, 1st Baroness Abercromby was a Scottish socialite and suo jure peeress.
George, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg ruled as Prince of Calenberg from 1635.
His sister, Elena, gained the bulk of the rest of his holdings, whilst a smaller portion was left to his younger sister, Vojsava.
Franz Christoph Anton, Count of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen was a member of the House of Hohenzollern.
Đurađ and his brother Aleksa built the Kom Monastery in the period between 1415 and 1427, when Upper Zeta was held by the Crnojevići.
He also managed to reduce the county's public debt.
John V of Armagnac, the penultimate Count of Armagnac of the older branch.
Siegmund of Brandenburg-Bayreuth was the sixth, but third surviving, son of Albrecht III, Margrave of Brandenburg, Ansbach and Bayreuth.
He served as judge royal three times and finished his career as palatine during the reign of Louis I's daughter Mary.
William intervened in favor of Edward in the catastrophic war of succession between his brothers-in-law Reinald and Edward for control of the Duchy of Guelders.
His daughter Richenza married Count Louis I of Pfirt.
He distinguished himself at the sieges of Lens and Metz, at the Battle of Renty and in the campaign of Piedmont.
He was a ruling count of Salm and from 1125 to 1137, he was co-ruler of the County Palatine of the Rhine with his stepson William.
She was succeeded by Teriimaevarua III, who reigned February 12, 1873 – March 19, 1888.
He died soon afterwards, leaving a son, but by an earlier marriage.
Katherine Burgh, who married, on 28 February 1620, Thomas Knyvett, son of Sir Thomas Knyvett and Elizabeth Bacon and had issue.
By 1726, Mirza Seyed Ahmad seized the provinces of Fars and Kerman.
Guy of Ibelin, Lord of Nicosia, was the son of Balian of Ibelin, seneschal of the kingdom of Cyprus, and of Alice of Lampron.
Charles Beauclerk, 1st Duke of St Albans, KG was an illegitimate son of King Charles II of England by his mistress Nell Gwynne.
Prince Konstanty Adam Czartoryski was a Polish nobleman.
Leustach Rátót was a Hungarian distinguished nobleman from the gens Rátót, ancestor of the Palatine and Gyulafi branches.
He was the ruling Count of Upper Hoya from 1377 until his death.
Tomasz Józef Zamoyski was a Polish nobleman.
Princess Zinaida Nikolayevna Yusupova was an Imperial Russian noblewoman, the only heiress of Russia's largest private fortune of her time.
Count Louis I of Nassau-Weilburg was a son of Count John III of Nassau-Weilburg and his wife, Elisabeth of Hesse.
Guncelin de Badlesmere, son of Bartholomew de Badlesmere, was Justice of Chester and Cheshire in England.
Hugh III was duke of Burgundy between 1162 and 1192.
Sir James Ormond alias Butler was the illegitimate son of John Butler, 6th Earl of Ormond.
In some sources he's called Teodor, Fedko or Frederic.
Rajmund Rembieliński was a Polish nobleman, political activist, and landowner.
It is the final waltz by Chopin that was published in his lifetime.
John III, Count of Oldenburg, married Mechtild of Bronckhorst
The day of his death is not known precisely, but he was buried in Bursfelde on 10 April 1101.
Not much is known about his life.
She is not to be confused with her eldest sister Alianore Holland, Countess of March who bore the same name.
She died of an undisclosed illness in 1506, a year before Cesare's own death.
She is believed to be an influence for the fairy tale of Snow White.
As he was still a minor at the time, his uncle John acted as regent.
A major contender for the Bulgarian throne, Strez initially opposed the ascension of his close relative Tsar Boril.
This church, thereafter known as Saints-Michel-et-Gudule, developed to become St. Michael and Gudula Cathedral.
Katarzyna Eugenia Skumin Tyszkiewicz was a Polish noble lady.
He is sometimes given the epithet "Tyneman", but this may be a reference to his great-uncle Sir Archibald Douglas.
He was count of Isenburg-Birstein from 1596 to 1633, after violently seizing power from Henry of Isenburg-Rönneburg.
After his installment of Duke Xiao of Qi, he made war with Chu.
He sided with the Guelph party of Pope Alexander III against the Ghibelline Emperor Frederick Barbarossa.
In 1594, he married Costanza Magalotti, daughter of Vincenzo Magalotti and Clarice Capponi and sister of Lorenzo Magalotti.
An opposite of the January Uprising of 1863–1864.
He fought frequently against the counts of Anjou, the first time against Geoffrey Greymantle, who had taken Loudun.
[1] In 1442 she received the island of Ischia.
They had four sons and three daughters.
William Nevill, 1st Marquess of Abergavenny, 5th Earl of Abergavenny
Milo was to support Adela against King Louis, and in return, he would marry Adela.
Rembieliński was author of numerous economic, agriculture and social-political works.
When the latter died in 1637, Charles's eight-year-old son, Charles II, became Duke of Mantua, his widow Maria acting as regent.
Kostanty Iwanowicz Ostrogski was a magnate of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania and later a Grand Hetman of Lithuania from 11 September 1497 until his death.
Otto III was probably born between 1475 and 1485 as the eldest son of John I and his wife Margaret of Lippe.
Herbert I, called Wakedog, was the count of Maine from 1017 until his death.
In the royal household he was appointed as Garde du Corps du Roi and Gentilhomme de la Chambre.
The castle’s significance was heightened by the rebellion of Llywelyn ap Gruffudd, Prince of Wales.
Mazzarini excelled in school and became a notary.
Frederick II of Hesse-Homburg, also known as the Prince of Homburg was Landgrave of Hesse-Homburg.
George Boleyn, 2nd Viscount Rochford was an English courtier and nobleman, and the brother of queen consort Anne Boleyn.
He was the 16th and last Ordynat of the Zamoyski Family Fee Tail, senator, president of the National-Democratic Party.
Even though his grandfather Albert the Bear had held the Saxon dukedom between 1138 and 1142, this Albert is counted as the first.
He was a Count of Nassau-Dillenburg in Siegen and Dillenburg, and was a son of Count Heinrich of Nassau and Adelheid of Heinsberg.
On 9 January 1525 Hedwig married Margrave George of Brandenburg-Ansbach-Kulmbach.
Like his father, he was a loyal supporter of the Imperial House of Hohenstaufen.
Hugh and Margaret Graham are usually also assigned a daughter Janet, wife of Sir John de Monymusk.
The weakening of comital authority became evident shortly before his death in 1035, when Ermisende successfully partitioned his patrimony among his sons.
He died unmarried and childless in 1566, and was succeeded as Count of Nassau-Wiesbaden-Idstein by his younger brother Balthasar.
Michael had two sons, Leustach, ancestor of the Zagyvafői family, and Falkos, the first member of the Falkos branch and grandfather of Thomas Szécsényi.
He was the son of François II de La Trémoille and his wife, Anne de Laval.
She was created suo jure Countess of Bar-sur-Seine in 1522.
He moved to Lviv in 1663 and worked there as a writer and royal colonel from 1674.
He was the son of Margrave Frederick VI of Baden-Durlach and his wife Christina Magdalena of the Palatinate-Zweibrücken.
He achieved the court rank of shō ichi-i and the position of sadaijin, and posthumously of daijō-daijin.
Voivode of Łęczyca Voivodeship and General Starost of Greater Poland in 1692
On 13 May 1481, John donated an altar in the abbey for the souls of his parents and siblings.
Baldwin IV was count of Hainaut from 1120 to his death.
Henry I was Count of Louvain from 1015 until 1038.
Part of this Hungarian force was Hungarian vassal Borić, the ban of Bosnia, and a Bohemian detachment.
Henry Percy, 3rd Earl of Northumberland, was an English magnate.
Her sister Anna was the second wife of Philip II's father, Duke Bogislaw XIII.
She married Prince Maciej Mikołaj Radziwiłł on August 8, 1897 in Kraków.
He was named after the legendary knight Averardo, from whom the Medici claimed descent.
Louis Frederick of Württemberg-Montbéliard was the founder of a side line of the House of Württemberg known as the Dukes of Württemberg-Montbéliard.
Chua Toh died in 1908 and was buried in Bukit Cina.
A follower of Emperor Frederick II of Hohenstaufen, he took part in the Barons' Crusade with King Theobald I of Navarre and died near Ashkelon.
Soon afterwards, Margaret left Flanders and went to reside permanently, far from her husband, in the county of Réthel, where she died in April 1380.
Joanna, who married William Clito, Count of Flanders, in 1127, and was widowed a year later
He was the oldest son of Count Albert III and his wife Ida of Saxony, the heiress of Laroche.
Albert I was a Duke of Saxony, Angria, and Westphalia; Lord of Nordalbingia; Count of Anhalt; and Prince-elector and Archmarshal of the Holy Roman Empire.
In 1504, Somerset was created Baron Herbert.
He was married to Małgorzata Sobiejuska and Anna Michowska.
Agnes, married to Otto II of Brunswick-Göttingen
He was the son of Krzysztof Opaliński and Teresa Konstancya Czarnkowska.
He was elevated to the rank of the veliki logotet at the beginning of Despot Lazar Branković's reign.
Countess Palatine Margaret of Mosbach was the eldest daughter of Count Palatine Otto I of Mosbach and his wife, Johanna of Bavaria-Landshut.
He initially succeeded in Upper Burgundy and also ruled as King of Italy from 922 to 926.
Both brothers together established a benedictine cloister and its St. Procopius Basilica in Třebíč and prepared as mausoleum for Brno-Znojmo branch House of Přemyslid.
John married Sophie, daughter of Eberhard II, Count of Württemberg, in 1361.
Sir William Morice of Werrington in Devon, was an English statesman and theologian.
Đurađ Crnojević was the Lord of Zeta between 1490 and 1496.
He and his children carried the style of Serene Highness.
He was the fourth son of Joachim Ernest, the reigning Duke of Holstein-Plön, and his wife Dorothea Augusta of Gottorp.
In May 1202, the Welf brothers met at Paderborn, where they divided their father's heritage.
Severinus of Saxony was a Saxon prince of the Albertine line of the House of Wettin.
John I of Bavaria,, he was the Duke of Lower Bavaria since 1339.
Her sister Zofia Żółkiewska was grandmother of King of Poland Jan III Sobieski.
From 1287 to 1289, he ruled Mecklenburg jointly with his elder brother Henry II, under the regency of their uncle NIcholas III.
Ernest I of Brunswick-Grubenhagen was Prince of Brunswick-Grubenhagen.
His second brother Hans was mentally ill and lived most of his life with their sister in Wallerstein.
Their first-born son died at the age of eight days and they had no other children.
She is also called Uta of Naumburg as the subject of a famous donor portrait by the Naumburg Master.
Surname is derived from its feudal possession - city Yazlovets.
Elvira Menéndez,, was a queen consort of Leon by marriage to King Alfonso V.
Mikołaj Firlej was a Polish nobleman, hetman, diplomat, and expert of southeast Europe.
He was invested by the English king as the 1st Count of Avranches and made a Knight of the Garter.
He spent most of his career trying to seize Guelders from Mathilde's nephew William I of Guelders and Jülich.
He later became a nobleman and was made Duke of Guadagnolo and Gonfalonier of the Church by Pope Urban VIII.
He was also Duke of Silesian duchies Münsterberg and Oels and 1465–1472 Duke of Opava.
Armenian historian Matthew of Edessa wrote that Baldwin II was thoroughly devoted to his wife, and refused to consider divorcing her.
Because he was still a minor, his mother and his uncle Albert II of Gorizia acted as regent.
Duke Frederick of Saxe-Weimar was a prince from the Ernestine branch of the House of Wettin and a Colonel in the Thirty Years' War.
Prince Józef Klemens Czartoryski was a Polish nobleman who owned Korets Castle.
He was Senator-Voivode of the Duchy of Warsaw and the Polish Kingdom from 1810 until 1831.
He began his studies in Poland and continued his education at the University of Leuven.
Like his brother Spytek, Jan commanded one of the Leliwa clan banners at the Battle of Grunwald in 1410.
John Segrave, 4th Baron Segrave was an English peer and landowner in Leicestershire and Yorkshire.
John reigned from 1308 to 1311 as Landgrave in Lower Hesse.
All these duchies were situated in Silesia, then part of the Crown of Bohemia.
She was arranged to marry the much older Alexander de Poulaillon, with whom she became much unhappy.
He was arrested and executed to be replaced by Gaston VI.
Subsequently, Khan annexed several territories in Malwa to his state.
Mirza Abu Talib, better known as Shaista Khan was a subahdar and a general in the Mughal army.
He went on to become a member of the Russian Duma in 1906 and the Sejm from 1919 until 1935.
Eugénie Laetitia Bonaparte was the youngest daughter of Napoléon Charles Bonaparte, 5th Prince of Canino and princess Maria Cristina Ruspoli.
She had fourteen children with him, at least five of whom did not survive infancy.
Brancas was known to be amusing, good-natured, and attracted to young men.
Nicholas V died in 1408 and was buried in the Doberan Minster.
Through his French connections, he obtained the assistance of Charles VII against Burgundy and married his daughter to the Angevin René, later king of Naples.
Among these houses was White Webbs in Enfield Chase, which was visited by several of the Gunpowder Plotters.
During the Landshut War of Succession, John fought on the side of Elector Palatine Philip.
She bequeathed to Morgenweck the right to live in the house at Ottensen for the rest of his life.
Charles of Artois, Count of Eu, captured at Agincourt
He was the ruling Margrave of Rötteln and Sausenberg from 1318 until his death.
Charles Somerset, 1st Earl of Worcester, KG was an English nobleman and politician.
Matilda of Savoy was a daughter of Amadeo, Prince of Achaea and Catherine of Geneva.
He married, secondly, Frances Scudamore, the only child of Charles FitzRoy-Scudamore and his wife Frances, formerly Duchess of Beaufort, on 6 April 1771 at London, England.
Christopher, who governed Transylvania in the absence of his younger brother Stefan,
For the districts in Delhi, see Safdarjung.
He was born as son of Eustache of Brimeu.
Adolph III, Count of Waldeck was Count of Waldeck-Landau from 1397 until his death.
Charles de Lalaing, baron and later 1st count of Lalaing, lord of Escornaix.
The deed of the foundation of the monastery is the first extant charter issued by a nobleman in the Kingdom of Hungary.
He joined the King of France, Philip VI the Fortunate in the war against the Flemings at the Battle of Mont Cassel in 1328.
Through his mother he was a cousin of Baldwin of Le Bourg and Joscelin of Courtenay, who were lords in Outremer.
For several years, Henry Borwin I fought a war with his cousin Nicholas I.
Named Secretary of State for the Navy to replace Maurepas, he worked to reorganise the French Navy.
Henry in turn gave Burchard rights of taxation and investiture of bishops and abbots in his duchy.
He served Henry V, Holy Roman Emperor in his first italian Expedition in 1110-1111.
Emanuel von Friedrichsthal was an Austrian traveler, daguerreotypist, botanist, and amateur archaeologist, who traveled through the Balkans and in Central America and documented his findings.
She is sometimes referred to as Jeanne of Lusignan.
One of her brothers was Edmund Holland, 4th Earl of Kent, to whom she was co-heiress.
He was promoted major-general on 15 January 1758 and lieutenant-general on 22 February 1760.
He married Princess Aniela Sapieha on April 19, 1827.
Son of Łowczy and Chorąży Maksymilian Ossoliński and Teodora Krassowska.
Jacques d'Armagnac, duke of Nemours, was the son of Bernard d'Armagnac, count of Pardiac, and Eleanor of Bourbon-La Marche.
The Earl of Effingham disliked both sides: the royal government for taxing, and the colonists for rebelling.
married on 24 February 1676 Count Emich XIV of Leiningen-Hartenburg
His body was laid to rest in St. Mary's Church in Warwick, buried in the chancel of the church.
Dabiživ Spandulj or Dabiživ Stanko was a Serbian nobleman with the title of kefalija that governed Strumica, serving the Dejanović brothers.
Elisabeth of Saxony was an Saxon princess from the House of Wettin by birth and by marriage Countess Palatine of Simmern.
This election, however, was not recognized by three of the electors.
Her husband Baldwin became count of Flanders in 1067, and ruled both Hainaut and Flanders until his death on 17 July 1070.
Henri de Lorraine, known as Cadet la Perle, was a French nobleman.
Frederick II, Duke of Holstein-Gottorp was a Danish-German nobleman.
In 1401, Robert ceded his duchy to his son Edward, but reserved the usufruct on it, bypassing his grandson Robert.
1278–1304) was the third son of the ruler of Epirus, Michael II Komnenos Doukas, also surnamed Koutroules, and his wife Theodora of Arta.
After their deaths, the influence of the Pac family rapidly deteriorated.
Kuaiwa was a Hawaiian High Chief who ruled as the Aliʻi Aimoku of Hawaiʻi from 1345 to 1375.
He was the son of castellan and voivode Marek Sobieski and Jadwiga Snopkowska.
After his brother returned, George moved into Beilstein Castle, in his own territory.
He fought in the Italian Wars and was made viceroy of Naples in 1501.
After her husband died in 1841, a series of complications obstructed Hańska's marriage to Balzac.
He fell at the Battle of Rovine, serving the Ottomans against Wallachia, fighting alongside Serbian magnates Stefan Lazarević and Marko Mrnjavčević.
He was the Dauphin of France, being the eldest son of the Orleanist pretender to the French throne.
Matej Ninoslav was the Ban of Bosnia in the period of 1232–50.
Boniface IV Paleologo, Marquess of Montferrat was an Italian nobleman.
In 1226, Hugh married Marie of Avesnes, daughter of Walter II of Avesnes and Margaret of Blois.
His daughter, Matilda d'Aubigny, married William de Warenne, 5th Earl of Surrey.
He was the son of Guy II, constable of Champagne, and Mathilde of Bourbon.
Sir Ralph Hastings, third son of Sir Leonard Hastings, was a supporter of the House of York during the Wars of the Roses.
Reginar IV, Count of Mons was the son of Reginar III, Count of Hainaut.
Her thirteen children included an Archbishop of Canterbury and six knights, of whom two were founder knights of the Order of the Garter.
Ivan Strez Balšić and his brothers George Strez and Gojko Balšić were the lords of Misia, a coastal area from the White Drin towards the Adriatic.
With his wife Woizero Gelebu, daughter of Ras Faris of Lasta and Salawa, Abba Seru Gwangul had Ras Ali, Ras Aligaz and Woizero Kefey.
He is buried at the Abbey of Saint-Germain-des-Prés.
The title had lain unused since John of Lancaster, 1st Duke of Bedford, died on 14 September 1435.
Philipp Ludwig I, Count of Hanau-Münzenberg succeeded his father in the government of the County of Hanau-Münzenberg in 1561.
Pingʻs son Jī Wŭ later became Duke Dao of Cao after Ping died in 524 BC.
His eldest son William inherited the principality of Orange.
Her reign was marked by disputes within East Frisia.
His was succeeded by his son Edward Fortunatus who was a minor at the time.
Edward of Norfolk died before 9 August 1334, predeceasing his father.
Alice is sometimes referred to as Alice of Athens.
He was a great humanist and protector of the poet Joachim du Bellay and Pierre de Ronsard.
However, he was never able to realize this claim.
As a child he received a prefix "Alchi" to his name and therefore was referred to as Hachiun-alchi, or Alchidai.
By her first husband, Lady Dacre was the mother of:
Roger inherited his father's office as royal steward.
With his death, the Nassau-Wiesbaden-Idstein line died out.
Ludwig I or Louis I was ruler of Thuringia from 1123 to 1140.
In 1678, Johann Ferdinand married Countess Anna Maria of Herberstein.
He had four children by Margaret and the eldest took part in the War of the Succession of Flanders and Hainault:
At age six, Dormer was left a ward to the King.
He was named a knight at Żółkiew, Poland, on 13 April 1694.
He would prove to be the last.
In 1335, he inherited Baden-Baden from his first cousin Rudolf Hesso.
House of Westerburg is a cadet branch of the House of Runkel.
This epitaph and her grave stone have been preserved very well.
Piccarda Bueri was an Italian noblewoman of the Renaissance.
He was the youngest son of Gerhard VI and his wife Elizabeth of Brunswick.
In 1215 Oxford settled his sister-in-law's dower by lot, the earl drawing two knights' fees for every one drawn by Alice.
According to the chroniclers, more than 300 citizens were killed and over 800 were captured and brought to William's Hardegsen Castle.
He was a son of Count Albert II and his second wife, Euphemia of Mätsch.
Through her daughter Augusta, she is the great grandmother of Queen Victoria of the United Kingom.
He showed a collections of rare plants.
After Richard III was defeated by Henry Tudor at Bosworth in 1485, Catherine married the new king's uncle Jasper Tudor on 7 November 1485.
Frederick of Zweibrücken-Vohenstrauss-Parkstein was the Duke of Vohenstrauss-Parkstein from 1569 until 1597.
Prince Adam Zygmunt Sapieha was a military aviator and cavalry officer in the Polish Army.
Land held in feudal tenure was added to these outright possessions to form the ancestral territory of the counts of Zollern.
Ada de Warenne was the Anglo-Norman wife of Henry of Scotland, Earl of Northumbria and Earl of Huntingdon.
Her opponent Albrecht IV of Bavaria-Munich had stronger allies, and soon Emperor Maximilian joined his side.
Claudine outived Jean, who was murdered in 1505 by his brother Lucien, the subsequent lord.
With the help of the Dzungars and Peking, he was able to reinstate himself, but in 1682 he was captured by the Dzasagtu Khan.
Anna Komnene Angelina or Comnena Angelina was an Empress of Nicaea.
Her first husband was Bernard Ezi III, Lord of Albret, by whom she had two daughters.
In 1403 he urgently besought the council to reinforce the scanty garrisons of the border fortresses.
A royal charter from August 1279 only preserved the first letter of his name.
By the time of his election as king, Baldwin II and Morphia already had three daughters.
She was the sixth child and fifth daughter of stadtholder Frederick Henry, Prince of Orange and Amalia of Solms-Braunfels.
Henry IV, called the Elder, a member of the House of Welf, was Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg and ruling Prince of Wolfenbüttel from 1491 until his death.
Among the notable prisoners he was responsible for were Queen Anne Boleyn, and the men accused of adultery with her.
He also participated in negotiating the 1473 Treaty of Kurcums which defined the Lithuanian–Livonian border.
In 1309, the Crusade of the Poor besieged the castle of Genappe in Brabant because it was sheltering Jews.
Elisabeth of Hanau was a daughter of Lord Ulrich V and his wife, Countess Elisabeth of Ziegenhain.
Robert fought with Philip III of France in 1272 in his expedition to the Languedoc and was present at the capture of Foix.
Henry II of Reuss, nicknamed the Posthumous was Lord of Gera, Lord of Lobenstein and Lord of Oberkranichfeld.
Louis II was buried in the Alexanderskirche in Zweibrücken.
Around 1555 he founded a Calvinist church in Kock, and build a family residence there.
Fujiwara no Morosuke, also known as Kujō-dono or Bōjō-udaijin, was a Japanese statesman, courtier and politician during the middle Heian period.
He was the eldest son of Otto I and his wife Sophie, the daughter of Landgrave Henry I of Hesse.
After the death of his cousin Stephen I in 1019/20, without heirs he seized Troyes, Meaux and all of Champagne for himself without royal approval.
This began a decades-long correspondence in which Hańska and Balzac expressed a deep mutual affection.
Alan Durward, whose lands of Fichlie were forfeited by King Edward of England in 1306-7 because of his support for Robert the Bruce.
Robert IV of Artois, Count of Eu
During this time, she gave birth to Alfred and Artur while staying with her mother.
On 25 August 1381, they were involved in a battle in which Otto was captured and the young John slain.
He was married to Anna Zamoyska and had three children, Monika Maria Czartoryska, Krzysztof Piotr Czartoryski and Joanna Maria Czartoryska.
Early in 1429, Joan of Arc came on a pilgrimage to Saint-Nicolas-de-Port.
In April 1605, however, Guy XX de Laval converted to Catholicism.
In the spring of 1500 Đurađ Crnojević came to Scutari, based on the invitation of Feriz Beg who instructed Crnojević to travel to Istanbul.
Mabel served as a gentlewoman of Queen Mary I's Privy Chamber, and enjoyed the Queen's favour.
Prince Jerzy Ignacy Lubomirski was a Polish nobleman.
With his brothers, Udo and Waldo the Abbot, he took part in the 861 revolt of Carloman of Bavaria, possible his cousin-in-law, against Louis the German.
Ernest Frederick of Baden-Durlach ruled the northern part of the Margraviate of Baden-Durlach.
His memoirs of the Italian Wars form one of the most significant primary sources for the period.
Sir John Paston, was the second son of John Paston and Margaret Mautby.
Louis Charles, his heir as duc of Thouars.
She was the ruling Lady of Bourbon from 1171 until her death.
He was the fifth ruling Duke of Württemberg, from 1568 until his death.
They had a daughter named Jutta, who married Waleran, Count of Arlon.
Gaston, an immensely strong fortification on the road to Syria, was defended only by a small Templar garrison.
He took part in the Sack of Rome and was killed during the final stages of the siege of Florence.
Margaret of Blois was daughter of Theobald V of Blois and his wife Alix of France.
Anne Hastings, Countess of Huntingdon was the daughter of Henry Stafford, 2nd Duke of Buckingham, and Lady Katherine Woodville.
In 1709, he took on the lease of Berasia estate, while serving the small Rajput principality of Mangalgarh as a mercenary.
It is known that he had at least two sons:
He was made Marshal of France in 1514, reconfirmed by Francis I the following year.
Vuk was a Serbian vojvoda that served Emperor Stefan Dušan.
Charles entered a relationship with Jeanne de Bournan, together they had Louis de Bourbon, Count of Roussillon.
Princess Zofia Czartoryska was a Polish noble lady.
Chodkiewicz quickly gained influence under Alexander Jagiellon, becoming royal marshal.
Wild- and Rhinegrave Charles of Salm-Dhaun was Wild- and Rhinegrave of Salm-Dhaun from 1693 to 1733.
She became Duchess of Berry by her marriage to John, Duke of Berry in 1360.
After the death of his father at the Battle of Pavia, he succeeded him as Count of Penthièvre.
Thierry IV or Theoderic IV was a Frankish noble.
John III died in 1480, while his father was still alive, so that he never inherited Nassau-Weilburg.
However, Nicholas I fell in this battle.
It was the capital of Pilzno County, which included Tarnów, Dębica, Ropczyce, Mielec, and Sędziszów Małopolski.
Albert's son John Ernest was the last male member of the Hanau-Münzenberg line of the House of Hanau.
Gjergj Arianiti or George Aryaniti was an Albanian lord who led several campaigns against the Ottoman Empire.
In 1638, Philip VII succeeded his father as Count of Waldeck-Wildungen.
After 1649, they received further education at the academies of Breda and Tübingen.
With the Emperor Otto IV and Ferdinand of Flanders, he took part in the attack on France in 1214 culminating in the Battle of Bouvines.
In 1772, when Pilzno was annexed by the Habsburg Empire, it had 82 houses.
His reign is very obscure on the basis of slight documentary evidence.
The year 1896 saw the publication of Ghostly Tales, a collection of tales on the supernatural which have largely been forgotten today.
Anna of Saxe-Wittenberg was the daughter of Duke Wenceslas I of Saxe-Wittenberg, Duke of Lüneburg and Elector of Saxony and his wife Cecilia of Carrara.
Sir William Browne served as Master of the Worshipful Company of Mercers from 1507 to 1514, and as alderman, auditor, Sheriff and Lord Mayor of London.
Martin Du Bellay, Sieur de Langey was a French nobleman and chronicler, and Prince of Yvetot by marriage.
William served as condottiero for Francesco I Sforza of Milan and was later the tutor of the latter's son Galeazzo Maria.
She is called Haero by Parthenius of Nicaea.
He was the eldest son of Louis II and Anne of Auvergne.
He had a principal role in the Frisian peasant rebellion and the Guelders Wars.
Overcome and captured, the count of Foix and Arnaud were imprisoned from February to September 1203.
In 1389 he was murdered near the district of district Aurich Castle.
In contemporary records, Marcel was first mentioned as ispán of Sopron County in 1206.
In 1086 he married the widow Gertrude of Brunswick and united the lands of the Counts of Katlenburg and the Brunonen to the Nordheimer Länderei.
He grew up during the years of Yorkist rule, and later served under the founder of the Tudor dynasty, Henry VII.
His cousin Chrodogang was Archbishop of Metz and abbot of the Lorsch Abbey.
He was a son of Margrave Otto III and his wife, Beatrice of Bohemia.
François Casimir Dudevant was the illegitimate son of Baron Jean-François Dudevant and his mistress Augustine Soulé.
The chief sources of his reign are the Cartulary of Auch and the Codex of Roda.
Georg Albrecht of Brandenburg-Bayreuth, was a German prince and member of the House of Hohenzollern.
Godfrey did not long enjoy his victory.
Fujiwara no Kiyokawa, also known by the Chinese-style name Heqing, was a Japanese noble of the Nara period.
On 24 November 1598, he succeeded his father as 4th Marquess of Winchester.
Aquitanos itaque rex ex parte receptos, festinavit propter Nortmannos redire in Franciam.
However, the other ministers of Silla were greatly opposed to this, and expressed such defiance to the king.
They made camp before Einbeck and Salzderhelden.
Conrad married Ingeborg, the daughter of Count Gerhard IV of Holstein-Plön.
He acquired the sobriquet The Wizard Earl, from his scientific and alchemical experiments, his passion for cartography, and his large library.
His son, Jan Mikołaj Daniłowicz, also served as Grand Treasurer of the Crown.
Wacław Seweryn Rzewuski was a Polish explorer, poet, orientalist and horse expert.
His control of the surrounding areas was initially uncertain.
Adam became a Master Engineer, forester and Doctor of Biology.
He was a son of Count Henry III and his first wife Beatrix dei Camerino.
He was born in Gottorf Castle as the elder son of Duke Christian Albrecht of Holstein-Gottorp and Princess Frederika Amalia of Denmark.
He first married in 1404, to Magdalena of Bavaria, the daughter of the Duke Frederick "the Wise" of Bavaria.
Haji Hassan Khan was Nawab of Masulipatam.
Otto I of Schwerin was a son of Count Gunzelin VI and Richardis of Tecklenburg.
Nicholas was a Hungarian influential lord in the Kingdom of Hungary, who served as Palatine of Hungary twice during the reign of Andrew II of Hungary.
When his uncle John I died in 1305, the male line of the Aleramici Marquesses of Montferrat became extinct.
He was attacked in 1152, escaped to the Abbey of Saint-Mihiel and was excommunicated and had to make amends.
She is the ancestress of all later Guelphs.
Donough O'Brien, 2nd Earl of Thomond, also known as "the fat", was the son of Connor O'Brien, King of Thomond and Annabell Burke.
Manasses II, Count of Rethel was a son of Manasses of Omont and his wife, Castricia.
Mazzarini also had four daughters, including Laura and Girolama, the mothers of the Mazarinettes.
Claude de Bullion was a French aristocrat and politician who served as a Minister of Finance under Louis XIII from 1632 to 1640.
At the height of its power, the Emirate of Aydin possessed 350 ships and 15,000 men.
Borić is mentioned by Byzantine Greek historian John Kinnamos in his history book covering years 1118–1176.
However he was soon replaced by his cousin, Solomon as Judge royal.
Since Maria was married to Phillip Maramonte, the Venetians and Ragusans often referred to Stefan Balšić with the name Maramonte.
Luitgarde of Vermandois was a French noblewoman.
Reginald I, Count of Burgundy was the second Count of the Free County of Burgundy.
Through Ramiro's only daughter Petronila of Aragon, she was ancestor of the later rulers of Aragon.
The union was opposed by Robert's father, Hugh Capet, due to the potential political problem that could be caused by religious authorities due to their consanguinity.
During World War I Pilzno was occupied by Russians from September 1914 to May 1915.
His lands were taken away, and given to Philip Hurepel.
He was second cousin of Salvestro de' Medici.
Eléonor Marie du Maine, count of Le Bourg, baron of Espinasse was a French nobleman and general.
Cynthia Ellinor Beatrix Spencer, Countess Spencer DCVO OBE was a British peeress and the paternal grandmother of Diana, Princess of Wales.
As her consort Bernard V ruled the county from 1146 to 1170.
He was Duke of Opava from 1433 to 1461 and Duke of Münsterberg from 1452 to 1456.
A Reginar appears at the Siege of Paris in 886, but this may be an uncle or nephew.
His influence arose during the reign of Andrew II.
She was a daughter of Philip Louis II, Count of Hanau-Münzenberg and Countess Catharina Belgica of Nassau.
He gave up his post at Guienne in 1638 and died in the Château de Loches in January 1642 at the age of 88.
Having come to rule in unfavorable circumstances and in the midst of the Thirty Years' War, he continued to suffer losses of territory and wealth.
She had two children, Jerzy Sapieha and Anna Sapieha.
Grgur was first mentioned in March 1347, as a kesar, in a letter from Pope Innocentius VI to Emperor Dušan.
An account of his voyage was published in 1572 by Richard Eden.
She also acted temporarily as regent of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Sayn.
He was married with Sophia, the daughter of Count Günther of Lindow-Ruppin.
Teari'i-maeva-rua became the Queen of Bora Bora on the death of Tapoa II her stepfather.
From 1932 he assisted his father Pavlo Skoropadsky in leading the Ukrainian monarchist movement.
He was the ruling Margrave of Baden-Pforzheim from 1533 and resided in Pforzheim from 1537.
He died in 1374, unmarried and childless.
Ratiev spent several years in the Gulag but had his sentence commuted, at which point he retired to Tbilisi, Georgia where he remained until his death.
Unpursued, they dispersed and fled without resistance."
Her father, of Amalfitan origin, was lord of Torre Annunziata.
Vartislaw IV married Elisabeth, a daughter of Count Ulrich I of Lindow-Ruppin; they had three sons: Bogislav V, Barnim IV and Vartislaw V.
His lands were confiscated, but he refused to give them up and entrenched himself at Durfost, downstream from Maastricht.
He added Alnwick to the family estates in England, founding a dynasty of northern warlords.
She was ceremoniously buried in a magnificent sarcophagus in the crypt of the main Protestant church.
He then aligned with Stefan Vukčić Kosača and remained his vassal until 1444 when he accepted Venetian suzerainty.
He succeeded his father as Count of Brienne and Ligny in 1557.
Rafał Leszczyński a known supporter of Protestants;
He wrote a book on how to manage a nobleman's household entitled "A Booke of Orders and Rules".
On 1 February 1892, he married Hélène Marie Léonie Pillet-Will, the daughter of count Frédéric Pillet-Will, and his wife, Jeanne Marie Clotilde Briatte.
He also served as Lieutenant Governor of Corrientes and Santa Fe Province.
Thadeus von Sievers was one of the Russian commanders during World War I.
Henry II of Brandenburg-Stendal, nicknamed Henry the Younger or Henry the Child was the last Margrave of Brandenburg from the House of Ascania.
Both Henry Vaux’s parents came from traditionally Catholic families.
Through their father, they were cognatic descendants of King Eric V of Denmark while through their mother, they were cognatic descendants of King Abel of Denmark.
He is known for being the first husband of Catherine Parr, later Queen consort to King Henry VIII.
His sons divided the inheritance, with Frederick III taking Baden-Baden and Rudolf V taking Baden-Pforzheim.
He was also heir presumptive to the Neville estates of his uncle, the Earl of Warwick.
George Carleton was a lawyer, landowner and Member of Parliament with strong Puritan sympathies.
Francis Russell, 2nd Earl of Bedford, KG of Chenies in Buckinghamshire and of Bedford House in Exeter, Devon, was an English nobleman, soldier, and politician.
Daughter of Count Jakub Komorowski and his wife, Antonina Pawłowska, Gertruda Komorowska married Count Stanisław Szczęsny Potocki on December 26, 1770.
The clause of the Magna Carta prohibiting sentences of exile, except as the result of a lawful trial, refers more particularly to his case.
In German, the family name was sometimes rendered Pejacsevich, i.e.
Gerard I of Paris was a count of Paris.
She married Stanisław Jan Jabłonowski in 1658.
She realized the construction of the church Julius Wolfgang had planned in the years between 1706 and 1714.
She was the last holder of this title from the House of Baux.
She was married to Court Marshal of Lithuania Krzysztof Wiesiołowski.
Philip I, Count of Nassau-Wiesbaden-Idstein was the only son of Count Adolph III and his wife Margaret of Hanau-Lichtenberg.
He married Katarzyna Ostrogska in 1620 and had three children with her.
Henry II was the duke of Limburg from 1139 and count of Arlon from 1147 to his death.
Judith died, still a young woman, in Sicily in 1076.
The defeat of invading Hungarians brought the same benefits to both Germans and Czechs.
He was the son of Alexander, Count Palatine of Zweibrücken and his wife Margarete of Hohenlohe-Neuenstein.
He won Hardenberg, Neviges, Langenberg, Remangen and Kaiserswerth, among others.
García Fernández Manrique y Toledo, 3rd Count of Osorno was a Spanish nobleman.
He was son of Jan, a protestant.
Edzard was probably the first to spell the name as Cirksena; this spelling was retained by all later members of the family.
This led to the Baden-Palatinate War, in which John II and his brothers participated on the side of Adolph II of Nassau.
One of King Beopheung's ministers, a man named Ichadon, was a Buddhist convert who had even shaved his head and took the tonsure.
Count Karol Lanckoroński was a Polish writer, art collector, patron, historian, traveler, and vice-president of the Society for Cultural Protection in his native Galicia.
Henry V was married to Cigliola, daughter of Duke Jacopo of Carrara.
He was a younger son of Frederick, Lord of Gleiberg.
William Louis received Nassau-Dillenburg, John received Nassau-Siegen, George received Nassau-Beilstein, Ernst Casimir received Nassau-Dietz and John Louis received Nassau-Hadamar.
After some disputes, Pomerania was divided for a three-year period by a treaty signed on 25 May 1368 in Anklam.
He is the longest-ever ruling European nobleman.
Anne would go on to marry King Henry VIII of England as his fourth wife.
Tuoba Chuo, chieftain of the Tuoba 286–293.
John IV was a Count of Armagnac, Fézensac, and Rodez from 1418 to 1450.
Only a few weeks later, his cousin Ibrahim, a son of Ala-ud-Daulah Mirza bin Baysonqor, expelled him from Herat.
Gradislav Borilović was a Serbian magnate in the service of Stefan Uroš III Dečanski and Stefan Dušan, having the titles of vojvoda, kaznac, and tepčija.
Both her son and her son-in-law became King of Denmark.
Elisabeth of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel was a German noblewoman.
His father, his uncle and his grandfather had been killed by English knights at La Roche-Derrien in 1347.
Afraid of Boleslaus III, Emma chose to go into exile at the court of Bavaria in 1001 together with Oldřich and Jaromír.
Floris IV, succeeded his father as Count of Holland
Two daughters have been hypothesized to be children of this couple:
Muriki or Maurice Spata was the ruler of Arta from late 1399/early 1400 until his death in 1414 or 1415.
Her maternal grandparents were Albert Frederick, Duke of Prussia, and Marie Eleonore of Cleves.
Erdmann August himself died four years later, aged thirty-five, in the middle of the preparations of his wedding with Sophie Agnes of Mecklenburg-Schwerin.
Adolf supported Sweyn III of Denmark against the claimant Canute V in a dispute over the Danish throne.
James and his men came as military reinforcements for the Siege of Acre.
Anne Grey, married John Grey, 8th Baron Grey de Wilton;
Beatrice d'Avesnes was a daughter of Baldwin of Avesnes and his wife Felicitas of Coucy.
Count Otto III Rietberg was Count of Rietberg from 1516 to 1535.
Princess Catherine Radziwiłł was a notable Polish aristocrat.
John de Grey, 2nd Baron Grey de Rotherfield, KG was an English soldier and courtier.
Ottokar I, also Otakar was count in the Bavarian Chiemgau and Margrave of Styria from 1056 until his death.
Margrave William Christopher of Baden was a margrave of Baden and canon at Cologne.
She counselled the duke to abandon his mistress, Alison du May.
Balthasar Báthory de Somlyó was a Transylvanian politician from the Báthory family, like his brother, prince Andrew Báthory, opponent of the Habsburgs in Transylvania.
His life coincided with the mature phase of Italian Renaissance and his death coincided with the end of the Golden Age of Florence.
In 1399, he assisted the Teutonic Knights in Livonia.
Beatrice was a full sister to Boniface, Count of Savoy, as well as two sisters Eleanor and Constance.
John VIII was Count of Vendôme from 1466 until his death.
Richilde, Countess of Mons and Hainaut, was Countess consort and Regent of Flanders.
Alexander Gordon, 3rd Earl of Huntly was a Scottish nobleman.
William VIII of Montpellier was Lord of Montpellier, the son of William VII.
He was sent to Poland by King Louis I in 1345, when the Czechs laid siege to Kraków.
Francisca of Luxembourg, who married Philip of Cleves, Lord of Ravenstein.
He was appointed Sheriff of Northumberland from 1155 to 1170 and then Sheriff of Lancashire from 1166 to 1170.
He was made Count of Longueville in 1356, but he gave it up to Bertrand du Guesclin in 1364 and became Count of Pézenas.
In 1304, he fought at the Battle of Mons-en-Pévèle and served at the siege of Lille.
Beatrix's marriage did not produce a male heir, so the Ascanians reckoned Stargard fell back to Brandenburg when she died.
Maria Sybilla, married August Philipp, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Beck
In common speech, the term grandseigneur has survived.
Reginald married Alice and had the following children:
He was General starost of Kraków from 1688, Wielkorządca of Kraków from 1708, voivode of Sieradz Voivodship from 1720 and of Kraków Voivodship from 1728.
Princess Sophia Wilhelmina of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld, was a Princess of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld by birth, and Princess of Schwarzburg-Rudolstadt by marriage.
Soon after their father became monarch, the FitzClarence children were raised to the ranks of younger children of a marquess.
Nephew of the sainted King Louis IX, as a young man Robert was fond of practical jokes and in later life owned a pet wolf.
He had no male heir and was succeeded by his brother Nicholas I.
An orphan of small fortune, she rose to be the only duchess at the court of James I of England.
Stanisław also had four other children, including Maria Dominika Grabińska, Stanisław Wojciech Grabinski, Róża Cecylia Grabińska and Jan Kanty Grabiński.
Jean III de Brosse, was the elder son of Jean II de Brosse and Nicole de Châtillon.
Walter de Bidun was a clerk of King William of Scotland, Chancellor of Scotland and Bishop-elect of Dunkeld.
Morphia was buried at the Abbey of St. Mary of the Valley of Jehoshaphat, just outside Jerusalem.
Beatrice of Baden was a Margravine of Baden by birth and by marriage and a Countess Palatine of Simmern.
From then on, younger sons would mostly embark on military careers, for example, in the imperial army, or in friendly nations.
After the Battle of Lech, the remainder of the huge Magyar army turned to Bohemia, where it was crushed by Boleslaus.
He was the son of Simon III and his wife, Irmgard of Hoya.
At around 1000 he inherited the county of Carcassonne from his mother.
His parents were John I of Oldenburg and Richeza of Hoya-Stumpenhausen.
It is not known whether he died in battle or natural causes.
A census in 1776 revealed that his country had 49416 inhabitants.
She was a patron of the arts, and also wrote poems and plays herself.
William Douglas, 1st Marquess of Douglas and 11th Earl of Angus was a Scottish nobleman.
When her father, Theobald, died between 2 August 1353 and 6 July 1354.
He was buried on 11 May 1627 in the 'Bedford Chapel' at St. Michael’s Church, Chenies, Buckinghamshire and his titles passed to his cousin, Francis Russell.
He was a member of the House of Babenberg.
He was Bishop of Skara from 1386 to 1390 and then Bishop of Schwerin until his death.
He was buried in the castle church at Ilsenburg on 21 December 1710.
Frederick of Anhalt-Harzgerode, was a German prince of the House of Ascania and the first ruler of the principality of Anhalt-Harzgerode.
What had been a single county under count Rodrigo of Castile had been split after the death of the latter's son Diego Rodríguez Porcelos in 885.
Between 1376 and 1386 he served as an auxiliary bishop in the diocese of Gniezno.
Fernando Rodríguez de Castro, was a Galician noble and a member of the House of Castro.
They were married for eleven years until Manfred's death in 1244, leaving Beatrice with two children and pregnant with twins.
Sir Anthony Cope was an English author.
Philip III of Namur was Count of Namur from 1336 to 1337.
The first stripped the King of unlimited authority, while the second included ordinary citizens from the towns.
John of Avesnes was the count of Hainaut from 1246 to his death.
She was daughter of Ari'ifaaite a Hiro and Pōmare IV, Queen of Tahiti.
She confirmed donations to Notre-Dame d'Ourscamp and Tremblay with him, and died between January 1205 and March 1210.
Meinhard III, a member of the House of Wittelsbach, was Duke of Upper Bavaria and Count of Tyrol from 1361 until his death.
Henry Kőszegi from the kindred Héder Kőszegi Henrik, German: Heinrich II.
Charlemagne ultimately prevailed, organized Saxony as a Frankish province and ordered conversions of the pagan Saxons to Roman Catholicism.
Antoine Charles IV de Gramont, comte de Guiche, 3rd Duke de Gramont, comte de Louvigny, Souverain de Bidache was a French diplomat.
Philipp IV of Hanau-Lichtenberg was from 1538 to 1590 the reigning Count of Hanau-Lichtenberg.
Because he ploted against the Ottomans, they dismissed him and put him in prison in April 1441.
Louis promulgated a charter in 1196 abolishing serfdom in his domains.
She has five siblings: Countess Gabriella Maria Komorowska, Countess Roza Maria Komorowska, Count Michał Leon Komorowski, Countess Krystyna Maria Komorowska, and Countess Maria Teresa Komorowska.
The glosses indicate it deals with lands that Texcocan lord Ixtlilxochitl I may have given to Don Carlos with litigation over the lands' ownership.
The Treaty of Dinant signed 6 July 1199 at Saint Medard, later made it official.
He returned home in 1098 during the lengthy siege of Antioch, fleeing the battlefield, without having fulfilled his crusading vow to forge a way to Jerusalem.
In 1420, during the Second Scutari War, she surrendered Budva to Venetians without any resistance and moved to Dubrovnik with the town's treasury.
Attracted by her youth and her beauty, Count Thomas then married her himself, claiming that Philip II was already married.
His mother was Spanish, and on her side he was a direct descendent of explorer Christopher Columbus.
Anna Tarło was a Polish noble lady.
Hugh then turned his energies to the Holy Land, embarking in the Third Crusade in the retinue of Philip II.
He married Adelaide, a daughter of Bernhard V, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg, and was the father of Otto II, who succeeded him.
He died on 14 October 1888 during a trip from Batavia to Singapore by falling overboard.
He was co-founder of the "Estate Credit Society" in Lwów.
A sizeable part of the latter saga's account concerns his wars with a "King of Scots" named Karl Hundason whose identity is uncertain.
Saint Philip Howard, 1st Earl of Arundel was an English nobleman.
Friedrich VI, Count of Zollern, also known as Friedrich the Knight, or Friedrich the Elder, was a Count of Hohenzollern
Seven years later he invested Kankena with Dornum.
According to László Markó, he was the ispán of Borsod County in 1230.
He was finally buried, after several temporary graves, in the St. Thomas Church at Strasbourg.
c. 1053 he married Adelaide of Normandy, Countess of Aumale, daughter of Robert I, Duke of Normandy and sister of William the Conqueror.
Catherine's husband was Sir Francis Knollys, with whom she had 14 children.
He inherited his baronetcy from his father, who was the first Martin Baronet of Long Melford created on 28 March 1667, upon his death in 1712.
With Rudolf Hesso of Baden-Baden, she had two more daughters:
Bertrand Nompar de Caumont, marquis de La Force was a French nobleman, the son of Jean François de Caumont and Jeanne de Maury.
Prince Krzysztof Zbaraski was a Polish–Lithuanian member of the gentry social class.
John I, Duke of Mecklenburg [-Stargard], was from 1344 to 1352 Duke of Mecklenburg from 1344 to 1352 and Duke of Mecklenburg-Stargard from 1352 to 1392.
He died on 12 October 1299 and was buried in the Doberan Minster.
Her own descendants included most of the medieval noble families of England.
He was convicted of treason, and executed on 17 May 1521.
At an early age he entered the navy, and attained the rank of captain.
These construction projects worsened the principality's financial problems and led to confrontations with his subjects.
In 788, he was captured by the Gascon Adalric and made to swear an oath of allegiance to the Duke of Gascony, Lupus II.
He was duke of Swabia from 997 to his death.
He tried a policy of neutrality, which meant in practice the refusal of the union with Denmark and inclinations toward Sweden.
Later a monument was sculpted for him and his brother by Andrea Verrocchio.
Walter Sans Avoir, also mistakenly known as the Penniless, was the lord of Boissy-sans-Avoir in the Île-de-France.
He was the owner of Łańcut, the starost of Olsztyn, and the Rotmistrz of an armoured cavalry regiment.
He became admiral of the Indian Ocean, and was appointed head of the "fleet of the Arabian and Persian sea" in 1506.
Grgur was the eldest son of Serbian Despot Đurađ Branković and Eirene Kantakouzene.
John and Bertrand du Guesclin were both taken prisoner.
Theobald was buried beside his father, Henry, at the Church of Saint Stephen at Troyes.
He refused to swear the required oath of fealty from the king, even when he was captured in 1673 by the French and taken to Metz.
This combination of competencies offered Schweinfurt some degree of protection against the Bishopric of Würzburg.
She sailed north on Sigurd jarl's ship.
The annals of the priory of L'Évière place his death in 1151, and the necrology of the priory of Fontaines gives the date as 15 January.
Stjepan Vukčić Kosača was the most powerful and for the most part unruly vassal in the Kingdom of Bosnia.
He and Elizabeth had twin girls, born on the 20 November 1723, both of whom died on 1 December 1723.
During the Albigensian crusade, Theobald led an army to reinforce Simon de Montfort at the siege of Toulouse in June 1211.
In 846, he was granted lands in the region of Châteaudun, made Count of Anjou, and wed to Wandilmodis.
Duke Ulrich of Pomerania, was a Lutheran administrator of the Prince-Bishopric of Cammin and non-reigning Duke of Pomerania.
He is a model and brand ambassador for La Martina, an Argentinean polo clothing and equipment company.
Little is known of his youth and he might have been born to a peasant family.
Rodrigo de Esparza was a Basque nobleman, Mosén and Chamberlain of King Charles III of Navarre.
From 1397 until his death, he was Count of Holstein-Segeberg.
John II, lord of Chalon-Arlay was a member of the House of Chalon-Arlay.
The alliance with Spain would last until 1641, and weigh heavily on the financial situation of Monaco.
He had two wives, Izabella Radziwiłł and Jadwiga Załuska.
During this time he was the host of the Council of Constance.
He was known as very oppressive to peasantry and Cossacks.
Laure, married to Fernando II, Count of Aumale
He spent enormous sums of money to have his brother Walram of Jülich appointed as Archbishop of Cologne over Adolph II of the Marck.
Gerald FitzGerald, 8th Earl of Kildare KG, known variously as "Garret the Great" or "The Great Earl", was Ireland's premier peer.
In the summer of 1209 he was among the courtiers who met the Pope's agents in Dover to try to prevent King John's excommunication.
Maximilian of Liechtenstein was a nobleman from the House of Liechtenstein.
Hicha, whose son was Conrad, Duke of Lorraine
During the funerals of king Zygmunt and queen Konstancja he carried the royal insignia.
Odo was a participant in the ill-fated siege of Tudela in 1087 and in the Crusade of 1101.
He was a son of John I, Count of Foix and Jeanne d'Albret.
He spent much of his time in the Netherlands, until he was relieved of his duties as a colonel by the States-General.
George Manners, 11th Baron de Ros of Helmsley was an English peer.
John Lok was the son of Sir William Lok, great-great-great-grandfather of the philosopher John Locke.
Additionally, he is mentioned in another charter, dated 1028, which is a grant to the monastery of St. Krševan by his sister Helenica.
Philip III, Margrave of Baden-Rodemachern was Margrave of Baden-Rodemachern from 1588 until his death.
He served as Court Marshal since 1373, voivode of Kraków Voivodeship since 1381, starosta of Biec since 1383 and Kraków since 1390.
His teacher was French Neoclassical painter Jacques-Louis David.
He was the ruling Landgrave of Hesse-Homburg from 1839 until his death.
He founded the monastery at Fremersberg and was a major benefactor of the Stiftskirche at Baden-Baden.
Her mother married secondly to Edward the Black, Prince of Wales and was mother to Richard II.
He was invested as a Knight of the Order of the White Eagle, awarded on May 8, 1781.
"In the dark of the night, the Northmen, sounding their horns and making a terrible clamour, rushed down the mount and stormed" Ebles camp.
In the following years, Amalia's family tried to marry her off with as much profit as possible.
Sybil Rachel Bettie Cécile, Marchioness of Cholmondeley
Knight of the Order of the White Eagle, awarded on 3 August 1744 in Warsaw.
She took up the regency, until her death.
He married Beatrix, the daughter of Reginar IV, Count of Mons and Hedwig of France.
Agnes' brother, Sir Philip Tilney of Shelley, was the paternal grandfather of Edmund Tilney, Master of the Revels to Queen Elizabeth and King James.
Oliba I, Count of Carcassonne and Razès
He was the son of Imam Turki.
She ruled jointly with her husband, Odo of Vitry.
Anne Dudley Countess of Warwick was a writer during the sixteenth century in England, along with her sisters Lady Margaret Seymour and Lady Jane Seymour.
Upon his death in 878, Gauzfrid's lands passed to his cousin Ragenold, because Gauzfrid's children were too young to succeed.
Anna of Brunswick-Grubenhagen-Einbeck was a daughter of Duke Eric I of Brunswick-Grubenhagen and his wife, Elisabeth of Brunswick-Göttingen.
Abdallah played a prominent part in the military campaigns of his father and brother, notably in the subjugation of the provinces of Sudair, Washm and al-Kharj.
Abigail Masham, Baroness Masham was a favourite of Queen Anne and a cousin of Sarah Churchill, Duchess of Marlborough.
He was subsequently relieved of his command.
He was Palatine between 1306 and 1314, Ban of Slavonia in 1298, and Master of the horse between 1284 and 1285.
Thomas Kantakouzenos was a Byzantine aristocrat, a member of the Kantakouzenos family, who became a Serbian magnate and general that served Despot Đurađ Branković.
She was the mother of two kings of Norway.
Boleslaus also helped Otto to crush an uprising of Slavs on the Lower Elbe in Mecklenburg in 953.
He took part in the 1371 Battle of Baesweiler and captured Wenceslaus I, Duke of Luxembourg.
Mototsune invented the position of kampaku regent for himself in order to remain in power even after an emperor reached maturity.
Spain abolished restrictions on the commercial activities of noblemen in 1770 and other western European countries took similar steps.
Otto III, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg, Lord of Harburg was a titular Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg and ruler of the apanage Brunswick-Harburg.
Anna's first marriage was with Duke Albert III of Bavaria.
In 1578, he went to the Netherlands, to serve in the army, under Count of Günther XLI of Schwarzburg-Arnstadt.
Gautier or Walter V of Brienne was born in Brienne-le-Château, Aube, Champagne, France.
Francis Alexander von Nassau-Hadamar was the last prince of Nassau-Hadamar.
Józef Dominik Korwin-Kossakowski, was a Polish–Lithuanian statesman and military commander, a participant of Targowica Confederation and a colonel of the Polish Army.
He was the son of Hugh I of Le Puiset and Alice of Montlhéry.
Tuoba Yituo is said to have rescued Sima Teng, governor of the Jin province of Bing, from the Xiongnu.
Member of ordinary Sejm of 22 November 1649 – 13 January 1650
He placed Secondotto's brother John III on the Montferrat throne.
After Danylo's assassination in 1957, his significant other Lesya Tukhai-Bei fled to Canada -
He was a son of Duke Hendrik of Guelders and Agnes of Arnstein.
On the 40th day after the death of Danylo, Halyna lost their mutual child, but Olesya fled to Canada with Danylo's child, Borys.
He had long ruled over Moravia for 21 years, once interrupted by illegitimate regency:
Lady Eleanor was an ancestor of the later Barons Arundell of Wardour.
Ramon Berenguer campaigned against the Moors, extending his dominions as far west as Barbastro and imposing heavy tributes on other Moorish cities.
When the sons of Count Widekind I of Schwalenberg attacked the abbey, Herman remained inactive.
John Beaumont, 1st Viscount Beaumont, was an English nobleman and magnate from Folkingham, Lincolnshire.
The following year, Hákon Hákonarson, King of Norway launched an expedition into the Isles to reassert Norwegian authority.
Ernest Eugene Charles Augustus Bernard Paul of Hesse-Philippsthal was a member of the House of Hesse and was the last ruling Landgrave of Hesse-Philippsthal.
At times, he was Major General, Regent of the other Nassau territories and chief of the House of Nassau.
Kątski took part in all campaigns led by King John III Sobieski.
Pierre was a military man who fought in the Italian Wars.
He was married to Klara Isabelle de Mailly, an authoritative woman.
He was, besides a patron of troubadours, an author of verse himself.
Immediately after his accession he was trying to establish his rule, which led to severe conflicts with the Estates.
He was the thirteenth and youngest child of John VI of Nassau and his first wife Elisabeth of Leuchtenberg.
Yelizarov is also known for taking a census of the Stroganovs' estates in 1647, by order of Alexis I.
Eleonora of Bourbon-Condé, married in 1606 to Philip William, Prince of Orange
In 1299, a year before his death, he founded the Cistercian monastery Coeli Porta in Lychen.
A member of the Obertenghi family, he succeeeded his father, Otbert I, as margrave after his father's death in 975, together with his brother Adalbert.
She was a major patron of architecture and decorative arts, especially porcelain.
Moisi Golemi, also known as Moisi of Dibra, was an Albanian nobleman and a commander of the League of Lezhë.
He was called the "Pope of Calvinists in Poland."
Jean de Ferrières, Vidame de Chartres, Seigneur de Maligny, was an influential Huguenot in the French Wars of Religion in the 16th century.
Margaret, married in 1332 Adolph II of the Marck, had issue.
Prince Jerzy Aleksander Lubomirski was a Polish noble.
William Bonville, 1st Baron Bonville, KG, of Shute, Devon, was an English nobleman, soldier, and administrator.
He was the son of Charles McLaren, 1st Baron Aberconway and Laura Pochin.
René of Guise, Marquis d'Elbeuf was the youngest son of Claude of Lorraine, Duke of Guise and Antoinette of Bourbon-Vendôme.
She was supported during her reign by Frederick of Solms-Rödelheim.
Margaret of Brandenburg was a princess of Brandenburg by birth and abbess of the Poor Clares monastery at Hof from 1476 to 1490.
Elizabeth, died after 1352, abbess of Rehna Abbey
Isonokami no Otomaro was a Japanese noble and scholar of the Nara period.
Augusta had four sisters and five brothers all surnamed FitzClarence.
He married a woman called Christina, and had by her at least two sons and one daughter:
Louis Günther I, Count of Schwarzburg-Rudolstadt was the ruling Count of Schwarzburg-Rudolstadt from 1612 until his death.
William III's reign lasted from 1089 until 1118 or 1120.
John V lost his land and spent the years 1415-1426 in captivity.
Baldwin V of Hainaut was count of Hainaut, margrave of Namur as Baldwin I and count of Flanders as Baldwin VIII.
Her second husband was courtier Sir Francis Bryan.
In 1555 Otwinowski adopted Calvinism, but after 1570 until his death became an ardent supporter of the nontrinitarian Polish Brethren Church.
Both were forced to surrender their castles to the King to regain their liberty.
He held the offices of podczaszy, podkomorzy, and finally, from 1773, of the Master of the Hunt of the Crown.
In 1145, he married Hawise of Salisbury.
William II and Catherine were engaged on 17 May 1432.
His nickname Sofu means Sufi in Crimean Tatar.
In 1366 Agnes married Count Burkhard V of Mansfeld.
John III of Chalon-Arlay was a French nobleman and a member of the House of Chalon-Arlay.
He was married in 1706 to Katarzyna Miączyńska and in 1732, in Lwów, married Katarzyna Jabłonowska, the daughter of Grand Chancellor Stanisław Jan Jabłonowski.
Gérard, however, had the support of the chiefest of his bishops, that of Toul, Bruno of Eguisheim-Dagsburg, who procured his liberation in 1049.
In 304, Tuoba Yituo, along with Tuoba Yilu, joined forces with the Jin armies and defeated Han Zhao leader Liu Yuan.
She married George, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg on 14 December 1617 in Darmstadt.
Odo died in 1158, and was succeeded by his son Guitier.
Because of his name, it has been attempted to link the Hohenzollern family's descent to the medieval Burchardings family, but without success.
He later gave up his position in society and entered the Dominican Order.
Vuk distinguished himself in the military of Emperor Dušan, and was awarded Rudine, a spacious province.
Lady Jean herself had a total of three husbands.
He married Maria Potocka on September 16, 1869.
The brothers had their own government and minted coins according to the Nemanjić style.
A member of the Terter dynasty and a younger brother of Tsar George I Terter, Aldimir was an influential local ruler as the despot of Kran.
From 1350, he left the business of government to his son and co-ruler Nicholas IV.
Margrave Philip of Hachberg-Sausenberg was the son of the Margrave Rudolf IV of Hachberg-Sausenberg and Margaret of Vienne.
Albert first appears in the historical record in 1011.
Asase Yaa is also the mother of Anansi, the trickster, and divine stepmother of the sacred high chiefs.
He was a member of the Bohemian Diet from 1865 - 1872 and 1883 - 1907.
Sir Edmund Shaa or Shaw was a London goldsmith, Sheriff of London in 1475 and Lord Mayor of London in 1482.
Knollys was the grand-niece of Queen consort Anne Boleyn, which made her a cousin once removed of the Queen.
Joachim of Münsterberg was a Duke of Münsterberg and from 1536 to 1542 also Duke of Oels.
His father and grandfather being both military men, it was natural that young Jean Louis would choose a soldier's life.
Dangereuse was a sobriquet she received for her seductiveness; her baptismal name may have been Amauberge.
Fryderyk Józef Jan Kanty Moszyński of Nałęcz coat of arms was a noble in the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth.
After her husband's death, she was appointed guardian of her minor sons, and regent of the county.
Charles' patronage of the family provoked the jealousy of the Rorgonids, the most powerful family local to Neustria and then controlling the ducatus Cenomannicus.
In 1291, he received some possessions, including Bietigheim from the Weißenburg Monastery.
Secondly, before 1527, to Elizabeth Browne, daughter of Anthony Browne, Knt., by Lucy, daughter of John Neville, 1st Marquess of Montagu.
She was also one of the leaders of the insurrections against Emperor Henry IV and his son Henry V.
His brother Jan Daniłowicz was the grandfather of King Jan III Sobieski.
After the death of his father in 1636 he inherited Leszno, Radzymin and part of Warsawian Praga.
She is also known as Blanche de Dreux.
The contract specifies a tomb made of stone and alabaster.
His younger brother Conrad was elected King of the Romans in 1138.
His son and elder daughter Jeanne II would eventually succeed him in the County of Burgundy.
Guy successfully completed this task by taking Tournoël Castle in December 1213.
Louis III, Landgrave of Thuringia, nicknamed Louis the Pious or Louis the Mild was a German nobleman.
Between 1000 and 1002 Ramon had to deal with a number of incursions by Almanzor.
Nicholas Kont of Orahovica was a Croato-Hungarian nobleman, very powerful and influential in the royal court of king Louis the Angevin, serving as Count palatine.
Charles Paul Ernest of Bentheim-Steinfurt was a Count of Steinfurt.
She died in 1126, on either 15 January or 12 October.
Csák from the kindred Hahót Csák; died after 1269) was a Hungarian noble who held several secular positions during the reign of King Béla IV.
Philip of Flersheim in the Alsace) was a German nobleman.
Trastamiro was the son of Aboazar Lovesendes and Unisco Godinhes.
Amalie of Brandenburg was Princess of Brandenburg by birth and by marriage Countess Palatine and Duchess of Zweibrücken and Veldenz.
On 30 October 1760, he left the 34th to become Captain and Colonel of the 1st Troop Horse Grenadier Guards.
Burchard attacked Novara, defended by the troops of Lambert, Archbishop of Milan.
Anne, Duke of Montmorency, Honorary Knight of the Garter was a French soldier, statesman and diplomat.
He ruled the reunited County of Katzenelnbogen.
Henry served as the first rector of Buda from 1264 until his death.
State governor Olusegun Mimiko presented him with the staff of office.
Robert II of Namur was Count of Namur from the death of his father in 1010 to some time between 1018 and 1031.
He was a great patron of arts and a candidate for the Polish crown.
He was the only child of Henry of Bar and Marie I de Coucy, Countess of Soissons.
He was an ally of the English and sat on the King's Council during the reigns of Edward I and Edward II of England.
The Pomeranian dukes, whose territory was the only land route to Teutonic Prussia not controlled by Poland, exploited this conflict by frequently changing sides.
She was the niece of Françoise d'Aubigné, Madame de Maintenon, and her heiress.
Zynoviy Bohdan Khmelnytsky was a Ukrainian Hetman of the Zaporozhian Host of the Crown of the Kingdom of Poland in the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth.
To commemorate Eustace's crusading adventures the mint at Boulogne struck silver coins with a lion above the walls of Jerusalem stamped on the obverse.
An hour after her birth, her twin sister Anna Amalia, later Countess of Königseck, was born.
In 861, Charles the Bald, king of West Francia created the March of Neustria, combining the Norman March and the Breton March.
When he returned to the Commonwealth he obtained permission from Rome to establish a monastery for the Order of Camaldolese.
In 1560 he married Eleonora de Montmorency in Weert.
He was probably buried in the Doberan Minster.
He married firstly Mary of Lusignan and secondly Isabella de Beaumont.
For this reason, Montfort is regarded today as one of the progenitors of modern parliamentary democracy.
The death of his elder brother William in a tournament made him joint Count of Flanders with his mother.
Johanna of Hanau-Lichtenberg, Countess of Eberstein was a German noblewoman, the eldest daughter of Philipp III, Count of Hanau-Lichtenberg and Margravine Sibylle of Baden.
For the Duchess of Warwick's aunt, see Cecily Neville, Duchess of York
Gisela of Burgundy, was a Countess consort of Savoy and a Marchioness consort of Montferrat.
He assumed the title of duc de La Force and became a peer at the closing of parliament 13 March 1727.
He was brother-in-law of the Holy Roman Emperor Henry III, who married his sister Agnes.
Salern owned the Lordship of Geltolfing near Straubing.
An important retainer of the de Bohun Earls of Hereford, he gave rise to the Devereux Earls of Essex and Viscounts of Hereford.
He was one of the early guardians of Duke William II in his minority.
Dražen Bogopenec was a county lord in Zagorje, a region in Kalinovik, in Hum.
In 1360 Aubrey de Vere was made steward of the royal forest of Havering in Essex.
William of Savoy was a bishop from the House of Savoy.
Margaret, wife of Robert II of Artois
He was succeeded by his half-brother, Charles Howard, 3rd Earl of Nottingham.
He belonged to the lower nobility in the Duchy of Berg and was a member of the Estates of Berg.
In 1337 he was crucially involved in the German-English alliance which caused the start of the Hundred Years' War.
In 1306 he founded the side-line Hachberg-Sausenberg at Sausenburg Castle, a castle which the Margarves of Hachberg had built in 1240 on top of Mount Sausenberg.
James was a son of Nicholas d'Oisy, Lord of Avesnes and Matilda de la Roche.
Nobunaga is regarded as one of three unifiers of Japan along with his retainers Toyotomi Hideyoshi and Tokugawa Ieyasu.
Elias was born no earlier than May 1114.
Because of his own ability and hard work he achieved high offices in the Republic.
In 1402 Owen overthrew his castles of Usk and Caerleon, though next year Charlton seems to have again got possession of them.
He was the son, perhaps the second son, of Robert de Brus, 1st Lord of Annandale.
As part of this opposition, he contributed to the breaking-up of 9 sejms and prevented an increase of the army.
He obtained the title of prince from Emperor Maximilian I.
Maddalena Visconti was a daughter of Bernabò Visconti and his wife Beatrice Regina della Scala.
He became the first member of the House of Hohenzollern to rule the Margraviate of Brandenburg.
After Balthasar's death, Margaret married Count George I of Leiningen-Westerburg.
Frederick Anton of Schwarzburg-Rudolstadt was the ruling Prince of Schwarzburg-Rudolstadt from 1718 until his death.
Milo and Lithuise had at least nine children:
He was the only child of Emmanuel, Prince of Anhalt-Köthen, by his wife Anna Eleonore, daughter of Henry Ernest, Count of Stolberg.
At the end of his life he was also the Starost of Chełm, Ułany, Romanów, Dolina, Drohobycz and Kruszwica.
The death of his father made Christian Ernst the new heir to the margraviate of Bayreuth.
Catherine of Austria was a member of the House of Habsburg and through marriage Margravine of Baden.
In 1777 he joined the Russian Army, eventually reaching the rank of general major.
In spite of the Portuguese revolution of 1 December 1640, Afonso remained faithful to the Spanish Habsburgs.
Due to Wartislaw's intransigence, a compromise with the Hohenzollerns was only possible after his death.
He fell in the Battle on the Hamme on 4 August 1404 during another attempt to subjugate Ditmarsh.
Bernard Edward Howard, 12th Duke of Norfolk, KG, PC, FRS was a British peer.
Frederik of Egmont was count of Buren and Leerdam, Lord of IJsselstein and councilor of Charles the Bold en Maximilian I.
With her court appointments the comtesse had expected to be created a duchess, and considered resigning her post when she learned otherwise.
William V was born in 1084, the son of Count Fulk of Angoulême and the grandson of Geoffrey of Angoulême and Petronille de Archiac.
Prince Jerzy Dominik Lubomirski was a Polish noble.
Anne of Veldenz was a Countess suo jure of Veldenz.
She was a Duchess of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg by birth and by marriage Duchess of Pomerania-Stettin.
She is regarded as an important figure in the Italian Renaissance and was a student of Vittorino da Feltre.
Margaret's claim was supported by Pope Gregory XI.
Sir Roger Martin, 2nd Baronet was son of Sir Roger Martin, 1st Baronet and Tamworth, daughter of Edward Horner of Mells, Somerset.
By December 1349, John was Lord Steward of the Royal Household of King Edward III.
During his rule, Montfort called two famous parliaments.
He was first mentioned as ispán of Szolnok County in 1217.
Anthony-Maria Browne was arrested in connection with the Gunpowder Plot and spent about a year in the Tower of London.
Anna of Lorraine was a princess of the House of Lorraine.
It opened a branch under the name of C&C Co in Singapore in 1926.
The comital title was the only one to which he ever had legitimate investiture.
He was the father of Count Rudolph II of Habsburg.
John Zenevisi or Sarbissa was an Albanian magnate that held the estates in Epirus, such as Argyrokastro and Vagenetia.
Sophia of Rheineck, also known as Sophie of Salm, Countess of Bentheim was a German noblewoman.
William the Pious had taken Ebles under his care and assured the boy’s education after the death of Ebles’ father.
In 1240, he founded Parchimer Neustadt on the west bank of the Elde.
William's sister, Agnes would become heiress of Nevers.
Initially Fernán supported the demands of Sancho against his elder half-brother Ordoño III, Fernán's own son-in-law.
He was the initiator of the Lubomirski Rebellion of 1665–1666.
Two of King Henry VIII's Queens were her step-granddaughters, Anne Boleyn, and Catherine Howard.
Stefan Pac was a Polish-Lithuanian nobleman, politician and magnate.
In 1412 he also became Count of Soissons.
The town of Starokostiantyniv still bears his name.
Rejtan is remembered for a dramatic gesture he made in September 1773, as a deputy of the Partition Sejm.
Dönhoff became Count of the Holy Roman Empire since 1633.
His son was judge royal Paul Geregye, therefore, he was the grandfather of voivode Nicholas Geregye.
Seguin was one of the new counts.
King Lothair punished this act by having Herman and Godfried's castle razed and banishing the two.
However, Tvrtko died in 1391 and three years later, Horvat was captured by King Sigismund.
After the capitulation of Gdańsk in 1734 he was captured by the Russian army.
As regent, Otto V had to deal with the machinations of Ottokar's widow Kunigunda of Slavonia and with factions of powerful noblemen.
Early in June, Ginkell took the fortress of Ballymore, capturing the whole garrison of 1,000 men.
Alexander's daughters were not given any new status, and remained Princesses of Teck.
On the defeat of the rebellion he briefly re-entered Russian service, but in 1832 he was dismissed by the tsar.
He was also a condottiero, and lord of Pavia.
He began his service under Prince, later Despot, Stefan Lazarević as čelnik, then was elevated to Grand Čelnik during the rule of Despot Đurađ Branković.
On 1 May 1740, he married Elizabeth Berkeley, sister of Norborne Berkeley, 4th Baron Botetourt.
He continued to spend too much, and his country suffered from religious unrest.
The event triggered a period of political turbulence and infighting in the Hetmanate known as the Ruin.
His name is often spelled with the final long i orthography; Pamphilj.
Henry Edward FitzClarence, was the second eldest illegitimate son of William IV by his longtime mistress Dorothea Jordan.
After 1176 Raymond VI continued to rule Melgueil until 1190.
Isabelle, married Jean Robert Van Den Kerchove Van Ter-Varent
After the fall of the Uprising he refused to execute the order of the Czar to confiscate the estates and property of participants in the uprising.
Juliana, Countess of Stolberg-Wernigerode was the mother of William the Silent, the leader of the successful Dutch Revolt against the Spanish in the 16th century.
Anna Jeanne de Pisseleu d'Heilly, Duchess of Étampes, was the mistress of Francis I of France.
He was only 11 years old when his father died.
In the year of our Lord 1535, on 18 December, died
Andrzej Maksymilian Fredro was a Polish szlachcic and writer.
Margaret surrendered the castle on 31 October 1321 after it was besieged by the King's forces using ballistas.
Knight of the Order of the White Eagle, awarded in 1777.
Eleanor Percy married Edward Stafford, 3rd Duke of Buckingham, who was beheaded in 1521 on false charges of plotting to overthrow the king, Henry VIII.
Henry Percy, 9th Earl of Northumberland KG was an English nobleman.
They were defeated in a "second Roncesvalles" and Pamplona gained its independence while the two counts were captured.
Maurontus, Maurente, or Maurontius was the Duke or Patrician of Provence in the early 8th century.
Michael from the kindred Kacsics was a Hungarian distinguished nobleman from the gens Kacsics.
Bonne of Armagnac was the eldest daughter of Bernard VII, Count of Armagnac and constable of France, and of Bonne of Berry.
He was one of Abdulaziz's most devoted supporters and a key lieutenant in the early military campaigns.
He succeeded his father as duke of Brunswick-Osterode in 1421 and ruled jointly with his first cousin once removed Albert II.
In 872, following the deposition of Oliba II of Carcassonne, he was given the counties of Albi, Nîmes, Carcassonne, and Razès.
Ginevra frequently visited thermal baths for her health.
Subsequently, as Ban of Croatia-Slavonia, he valiantly defended that border province against the Turks.
She married Chancellor, Marshal and Hetman Mikołaj Krzysztof "the Black" Radziwiłł on 12 February 1548.
Benedict was sentenced to exile and confiscation of property, according to a charter from 1221, he fled abroad.
He died in 1660 and was buried in Brzostownica Wielka, Lithuania.
Frederick, Count of Saarbrücken was a German nobleman.
King Afonso III first enters written record as the ruler of the Marquisate of Nkondo.
He was a law scholar and a science historian.
She spent her childhood in the Blue Palace in Warsaw and Powązki.
After the defeat, Timofiy was besieged by a Wallachian army in Suceava and died in the confrontation.
Her third husband Ramon was married to her sister Rangearde de la Marche's daughter Isabela Trencavel.
Sir Thomas Frowyk KS was an English justice.
Toto was convicted for protecting and sheltering Galeshewe.
Likewise, their words of devotion are especially poetic and moving.
Jacques Le Normand contracted the lordship of Bretteville in 1636 and the lordship was permanently ceded to the family in 1679.
Later, he became governor of the Danish island Als, then General of the Infantry and Colonel of the royal guards in Denmark.
There is also an elegy on his death in Sir Francis Wortley's Characters and Elegies, 1646.
Hugh IV was Count of Maine from 1036 to 1051.
He married Alice Baily, daughter of Peter Baily, in 1973.
Kunigunde of Brandenburg-Kulmbach was a princess of Brandenburg-Kulmbach by birth and by marriage Margravine of Baden-Durlach.
Margaret died before he succeeded to the Electorate of Brandenburg, thus never served as Electress.
Agnes of Landsberg was a German noblewoman.
Thomas Henry Ashton, 4th Baron Ashton of Hyde, is the eldest son of Thomas Ashton, 3rd Baron Ashton of Hyde and Pauline Trewlove Brackenbury.
After the defeat at Marston Moor, Cavendish went into self-imposed exile, only returning with the English Restoration when he was created a duke.
On 24 August 1962, he married Anne Bügge, with whom he has two children:
He is one of the characters on the famous painting by Jan Matejko, Prussian Homage.
John Casimir, Count Palatine of Simmern was a German prince and a younger son of Frederick III, Elector Palatine.
In 1797, Prince Henry Louis of Nassau-Saarbrücken died childless and Charles William inherited his principality.
Ultimately, their county was divided between the bishops of Münster and Bremen.
Succession was also claimed by Marie's sister, Mathilda, whose side was called the Heeckerens and were led by Frederik van Heeckeren van der Eze.
Louis II died at his castle at Nozeroy on 3 December 1463.
She was the daughter of Tanneguy de Pontevès, Lord of Cabanes and wife Jeanne de Villeneuve.
He was probably unmarried and definitely childless.
In the document made on that occasion Bagaš did not use any title for himself.
He was the son on Margrave Hesso and his first wife Clara, a daughter of Count Walter III of Klingen.
In 1180, after the fall of Henry the Lion, Emperor Frederick I "Barbarossa" enfeoffed Otto the Redhead with the Duchy of Bavaria.
He moved to the Kingdom of Hungary from Champagne, France.
Charles of Provence was the Carolingian King of Provence from 855 until his early death in 863.
Prince Henry of Nassau-Dillenburg was a Prince of Nassau-Dillenburg from 1662 until his death.
He was the eldest son of Ghiyas-ud-din Tughlaq of the Tughluq dynasty.
The child was given a strange name: Strachkvas, which means "a dreadful feast".
Yolande of Dreux, who married Hugh IV, Duke of Burgundy
She was the wife of Roger Mortimer, 1st Earl of March, the de facto ruler of England from 1327 to 1330.
Rado was a noble in the Kingdom of Hungary, who served as palatine around 1057, during the reign of Andrew I of Hungary.
They had more than ten children, some dukes of Brunswick-Lüneburg.
Ramon Berenguer II the Towhead or Cap de estopes was Count of Barcelona from 1076 until his death.
When Sancho failed, Fernán was forced to recognize Ordoño as king, even though the latter cast off Fernán's daughter.
The Chevalier Delatouche, who was also a poet, died at Châlons.
These Frisian counties, however, had been annexed from Egbert during the latter's rebellion in 1089 and were being administered by Conrad, Bishop of Utrecht.
René died in 1544, and all of his lands were inherited by William the Silent, his cousin.
Sophie of Thuringia was the second wife and only Duchess consort of Henry II, Duke of Brabant and Lothier.
The reign of Honoré I was relatively calm and peaceful, and Honoré was remarkable for his bravery, wisdom and valour.
Uroš V later gave Dejan the Upper Struma river with Velbužd.
His son succeeded to the Earl of Westmorland.
He was first married to Walburgis, daughter of Valdemar I of Denmark and later to Anastasia, daughter of Mieszko III of Poland and Eudoxia of Kiev.
He was a close friend of his brother-in-law, the poet Thomas Wyatt.
She was the first wife of Ralph Neville, 1st Earl of Westmorland, and the grandmother of the 2nd Earl.
He was supposed to rule jointly with his younger brothers.
Zygmunt Krasiński in his Nieboska Komedia referred to him as a "governor, who shot women on the trees and baked Jews alive".
However, on two separate occasions before the wedding Juliana became pregnant, and the engagement was eventually broken off.
He was killed by a disease of the liver two years thence.
George de Lalaing count Rennenberg, was stadtholder of Friesland, Groningen, Drenthe and Overijssel in the service of Philip II of Spain from 1577 to 1581.
On 31 May 1645, they divided their inheritance, with Henry Ernest receiving the County of Wernigerode and Hohnsteiner Forest.
Louis, Count of Flanders, Nevers and Rethel
He was the son and successor of Gerhard and Hedwige of Namur.
Elisa Napoleona Baciocchi Levoy was the daughter of Felice Baciocchi and Elisa Bonaparte, Princess of Lucca and Piombino and a sister of Napoleon I.
Albrecht was married with Elizabeth, daughter of Count Wolrad I of Waldeck.
He was famed as a patron of Leonardo da Vinci and other artists, and presided over the final and most productive stage of the Milanese Renaissance.
He was discovered and arrested on 25 January; Vaux travelled to London, where Garnet was incarcerated in the Tower of London.
Tetbert was the Count of Meaux in 877–888.
In 1703, he succeeded the Earl of Oxford as Colonel of the Royal Regiment of Horse.
He reached Perth in December, and stayed there with Edward, Prince of Wales until he was sent home in February.
In 1445, he married his cousin Yolande of Anjou, daughter of René I of Anjou,, and of Isabelle, Duchess of Lorraine.
He was the founder of the Zólyom branch of the House of Esterházy.
By his permission copies were allowed to be made.
Agnes,, married to Archimbald VI, lord of Bourbon
From 1774, he is Starost of Romanów and armored regiment commander.
Most of these possessions had been acquired by William of Duivenvoorde.
He was appointed Gonfalonier of the Church.
Countess Gerberga was a descendant of Geoffrey I of Provence and his wife Etiennette.
However, Albert immedidately transferred Hochberg to his brother, in exchange for an annual pension, so that the margraviate remained de facto undivided.
Bogislaw VI, Duke of Pomerania was duke of Pomerania-Wolgast.
He was the second son of Przemysław I Noszak, Duke of Cieszyn by his wife Elisabeth, daughter of Bolesław, Duke of Koźle-Bytom.
The family lived in Edessa until 1118, when her spouse was elected as the King of Jerusalem as successor of his cousin Baldwin I.
Originally, her grave had an inscription This grave is not to be opened as long as the wind blows and the cokc crows.
He was canon of several cathedral chapters and also first minister of the Prince-Archbishopric of Cologne under Archbishop Clemens August.
Rodrigo de Sousa Coutinho, 1st Count of Linhares was a Portuguese nobleman and politician.
In 1403 he was named regent for Hungary, Croatia and Dalmatia, and was made Duke of Split.
He had third son Guigues "the elder" who was living in 1105 and died young.
Naruszewicz was the first modern historian who wrote a History of the Polish Nation.
In 1606–09 he participated in wars against Turkey and Sweden.
He was a member of the "Zgromadzenie Przyjaciół Konstytucji Rządowej".
Engelbert III, Count of Gorizia was a member of the Meinhardiner dynasty.
In 1281 it was decided to divide the principality and Bernhard took over control of the Prisannewitz section.
Their daughter Cecily married Edward Sutton, 2nd Baron Dudley.
Khan sided with the local Rajput chiefs of Malwa in a rebellion against the Mughal empire.
Her first husband was John de Lacy, 2nd Earl of Lincoln, by whom she had two children.
In 1246, he brought members of the Franciscan Order into Parchim.
He was the son of John II, Count of Vendôme and Isabel de Beauveau.
He served as the minister of the treasury in the Congress Kingdom of Poland.
William concentrated on consolidating his rule, strongly relying on the salt trade around Lüneburg, which became his permanent residence.
He signed the election of Stanisław Leszczyński in 1733.
He married Anna of Habsburg, the daughter of the anti-king Frederick the Fair, who was a second cousin in his mother.
After that, she lived on an estate in Hamburg until 1854, then moved to Vienna.
Finally Charlton succeeded in maintaining himself against the waning influence of Owen.
Henriette's portrait was painted, on an unknown date, by the renowned French Renaissance artist, François Clouet.
He was canonised by Pope Paul VI in 1970, as one of the Forty Martyrs of England and Wales.
Count Wolrad I of Waldeck was a son of Count Henry VII of Waldeck and his wife Margaret of Nassau-Wiesbaden-Idstein.
William II of Baux was a son of William of Baux.
His execution took place on the banks of the Rud-e Zayande, near Oul-e Khwaju in August 1728.
He was born in Suze in the French County of Albon.
For the other Dukes of Nemours named Louis, see Louis, Duke of Nemours.
Simon from the kindred Kacsics was a Hungarian distinguished nobleman from the gens Kacsics.
His younger brother John objected, and in 1338, this law was repealed.
From the counts of Bilstein he inherited parts of the Werra Valley, where he became the sole landholder.
Her works included discussions of philosophy, education and art.
As a young child she became a royal ward.
She married Lambert I, Count of Louvain and had three children with him:
They had only one child, Anne de Mowbray, 8th Countess of Norfolk, and so the 1397 creation of the dukedom became extinct upon his death.
In 1492, Louis I succeeded his grandfather Philip II as Count of Nassau-Weilburg, because his father had already died in 1480.
Her brother was Bogislaw X, who ruled the country for almost fifty years as a unified territory.
On 26 October 1132, Floris was ambushed near Utrecht and murdered by Herman and Godfried of Kuyk, leaving Dirk to rule the county on his own.
Frederick of Lorraine was a Count of Vaudémont.
293, Yuwen chieftain Yuwen Mohuai is killed by his younger brother Yuwen Pubo, who usurps the position as chieftain of the Yuwen.
Robert fought with Philip IV of France in his wars in Flanders, including the sieges of Veurne, Cassel, de Bergues and Lille in 1297.
He could be a possible father of Ajen Yohl Mat.
When one region of the Commonwealth falls into crisis, nobles from other regions may not be fully aware of the danger.
Teari'i-maeva-rua became the Queen of Bora Bora on the death of Tapoa II her stepfather.
Fujiwara no Tanetsugu was a Japanese noble of the late Nara period.
She also personally inherited some money upon the death of her mother.
Her father was Łukasz Miełżyński, who was the Castellan of Gniezno.
Theobald III was Count of Champagne from 1197 to his death.
Vratislaus I, a member of the Přemyslid dynasty, was Duke of Bohemia from 915 until his death.
Marriage to Louis marked the beginning of her rise as an influential figure in the Carolingian court.
Elizabeth Stanley, Countess of Huntingdon was an English noblewoman and writer who was third in line of succession to the English throne.
On 1 July 1055 and again in 1057, with his wife Stephanie and his son Bertrand, he himself donated property to St Victor.
Radvila Astikas or Astikaitis was a magnate, a member of the Astikai and founder of the Radvila family.
There were no issue of her third marriage.
He was Master of the Worshipful Company of Stationers and Newspaper Makers, a Sheriff of London for 1804–05 and Lord Mayor of London for 1813–14.
However, Emperor Henry IV confirmed Theodoric the Valiant in the duchy.
He was Marshal of the Sejm on September 30 - November 9, 1782 in Warsaw.
Stefano Visconti was a member of the House of Visconti that ruled Milan from the 14th to the 15th century.
Her maternal grandparents were Charles Brandon, 1st Duke of Suffolk and Mary Tudor, Queen of France.
His only son Thomas died before him, and when Robert died in 1331, he was succeeded by his nephew John de Vere, 7th Earl of Oxford.
John Nevill, de facto 10th Baron Bergavenny was an English peer.
Between 1229 and 1234, he also functioned as master of the treasury for prince Coloman.
Her life is recounted in the Cāmadevivaṃsa, a 15th-century epic.
He married Alice FitzAlan, daughter of Richard FitzAlan, 11th Earl of Arundel and Elizabeth de Bohun, before March 1392, without issue.
In 1621, he succeeded his uncle Henri de Lorraine-Guise as Duke of Mayenne.
Guy II the Red, lord of Rochefort
He was married before 1171 to Urraca Guzmán Rodríguez, daughter of Rodrigo Muñoz de Guzmán and Mayor Díaz, who possibly had no offspring.
He subsequently fought under Guesclin in Brittany and was wounded before Hennebont, and took part in an expedition against William I of Guelders in 1388.
After her release, she tried unsuccessfully to hide Garnet at the home of Thomas Abington at Hindlip, Worcestershire.
He served the Austrian Empire and was a member of the famous Esterházy family.
He married Adelais, whose maternal uncles were Adalard, Archbishop of Tours, and Raino, Bishop of Angers.
Hildegard, was the second wife of Charlemagne and mother of Louis the Pious.
He was a skillful commander and his loyalty to Skanderbeg was undeterred and that was the reason why he was appointed in that delicate position.
As a replacement, John I and his uncle built a castle in Delmenhorst, which provoked a strong reaction from Stedingen.
At this time, Ichadon suggested his own martyrdom and pleaded with the king to execute him in public for the cause of Buddhism.
Before 8 December 1642 Swołyński was nominated on marshal of Oszmiany by king Władysław IV.
He had three children, two children with Radziwiłł: Alfred III Antoni Potocki and Jerzy Józef Potocki; and one child with Helena Marynowska: Helen Marynowska-Potocki.
In 1662, Kirill Naryshkin was sent to Kazan to serve as a second voyevoda of Prince M.P.
Lady Derby was popular among society and considered a leader of fashion alongside the Duchess of Devonshire.
Anna Elisabeth of Saxe-Lauenburg, was a duchess of Saxe-Lauenburg by birth and by marriage landgravine of Hesse-Homburg.
He succeeded his father as Duke of Beck in 1749.
He married Genevieve de Maulévrier-Langeron, and later married Augusta Murray.
His family owned properties in different parts of the kingdom although its area of influence was mainly Beira in the northern part of the country.
Queen Judith, also known as Judith of Bavaria, was the daughter of Count Welf of Bavaria and Saxon noblewoman, Hedwig.
In 1143 or 1144, Adolf built Lübeck, the first German port on the Baltic Sea.
After the death of Henry II of France and the fall of Diane, he was able to regain the duchy, but died not long thereafter.
Christopher of Werle, Prince of the Wends was from 1395 or earlier to 1425, Lord of Werle-Goldberg and Werle-Waren.
He married, on 29 April 1566, Anna d'Este, daughter of Duke Ercole II of Ferrara and Renée of France, and widow of Francis, Duke of Guise.
Joseph Charles, Hereditary Prince of Sulzbach was the eldest son of Theodore Eustace, Count Palatine of Sulzbach.
He was also an uncle to Princess Sibilla of Luxembourg, daughter of his younger sister, Olimpia.
His brothers were Sunyer I of Ampurias, Sunifred I of Barcelona, and Oliba I of Carcassonne.
Uhtred was an ealdorman based in Derbyshire in the 10th century.
His daughter was the actress Alma Seidler.
Celestyn Chołodecki was a member from the szlachta family of Chołodecki.
In 1604 he took part in the siege of Sluis, where he died of a fever.
He was also Voivode of Minsk, Voivode of Brześć Litewski and Castellan of Vilnius.
In October 1651, during the Fronde, he came out against Cardinal Mazarin and supported Condé openly.
Margaret de Audley, suo jure 2nd Baroness Audley and Countess of Stafford was an English noblewoman.
Margherita, who married Antonio Ventimiglia, Marquess of Geraci, Grand Admiral;
John III was married to Countess Oda of Salm-Ravenstein.
All received prestigious marriage partners (including to the earls of Buchan and Moray, to Maol Íosa IV, Earl of Strathearn and the future king Robert II.
After his mother's death, his stepmother was Orsolya Véssey de Vésse.
He was probably co-ruler with his father.
Anna Catharina, married in 1607 to Count Simon VII "the Pious" of Lippe
Elizabeth lived under four Tudor monarchs and was married three times.
He was killed in an attack on Le Havre in 1563
Sancha's home city of Naples was no exception, and it had long been nervous about militant French interests.
Agnes died 1231, and buried at Clairvaux.
Paskač was a Serbian nobleman that served the Serbian Empire, with the title of knez.
Friedrich is sometimes called "Friedrich the younger" to distinguish him from Prince Frederick of Saxe-Weimar, as they were both called "Friedrich of Saxe-Weimar".
Đurađ Đurašević was a member of the Crnojević noble family.
Hugh was the Count of Rouergue and Gévaudan from 1008 to his death.
He was a supporter of political reforms in the Republic, and an opponent of the Radom Confederation.
Elizabeth of Bar also known as Elisabeth de Bar-Pierrepont, was born circa 1345 at Hagestein, Zeeland, Netherlands.
Henry was duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg from 1559 until 1598 and ruled over the Dannenberg subdivision of the duchy.
He took monastic vows and became a monk in Kastamonitou where he spent his last years.
Baron Gábor Esterházy de Galántha was a Hungarian noble, son of Vice-ispán of Pozsony County Ferenc Esterházy.
Other fortresses fell next, among them Beaufort, only recently acquired by the Templars.
He was the third and youngest son of Henry IX, Duke of Lubin, by his wife Anna, daughter of Przemyslaus I Noszak, Duke of Cieszyn.
Elizabeth le Despenser was an English noblewoman.
Around 1400, the cites of Barntrup and Salzuflen and Sternberg Castle were pledged to Simon III.
In 1732 he was dismissed as president of Altona after the death of his brother in law, Frederick IV.
Otto was the fifth child of Count Otto III and his wife Hedwig of Lippe, daughter of Bernard III, Lord of Lippe.
Instead, immediately after he assumed the Electorate, he openly lived with Billa, and she became the first ever Official Mistress of an Elector of Saxony.
Yesugei Baghatur or Yesükhei, was a major chief of the Khamag Mongol confederation and the father of Temüjin, later known as Genghis Khan.
Nicholas II of Tecklenburg was the ruling Count of Tecklenburg from 1388 until his death.
Bérard remained a supporter of the English side after the War of Saint-Sardos in 1324 when many of his family defected to the French.
Magnus I, called the Pious, was duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg.
Otto V spent many years in Prague, at the court of his maternal uncle King Ottokar II of Bohemia.
Her elder sister Berengaria of Navarre married Richard I of England.
Prince Michał Gedeon Radziwiłł was a Polish–Lithuanian szlachcic, senator, owner of the Nieborów and others properties.
Baroness Erzsébet Czobor de Czoborszentmihály was the second wife of Palatine György Thurzó.
Tora became the mother of both King Olav Kyrre and King Magnus II Haraldsson.
He is the author of the first epic poem in Hungarian literature.
They are one of the earliest Chinese families arriving in Suriname in the 1800s.
Lucienne de Rochefort was a French crown princess, the first wife of Louis VI of France from 1104-1107.
His cousin was magnate Nikola Altomanović, whose mother Ratoslava was Grgur's paternal aunt.
He served as Prime Minister of Portugal for five times.
By her marriage to Leopold III, Duke of Austria, Viridis was Duchess consort of Austria, Styria and Carinthia, she was also Countess consort of Tyrol.
Her children with Baldwin IV of Hainaut were:
Instead Henry threatened to appoint a younger son, Gothelo, as Duke in Lower Lorraine.
He was made a Knight of the Austrian Golden Fleece in 1749.
Frederick III of Holstein-Gottorp was a Duke of Holstein-Gottorp.
When his father died in 1361, William became the second Duke of Jülich, his elder brother Gerhard having predeceased their father.
Besides that he was the ispán of Szolnok County.
Albert I of Brunswick-Grubenhagen was a Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg, and Prince of Brunswick-Grubenhagen-Salzderhelden.
He was voivode of Podole Voivodeship in 1770 and starost of Lublin.
Charles Melville McLaren, 3rd Baron Aberconway, JP was a British industrialist and horticulturalist.
Count Przemysław Potocki was a Polish nobleman.
Together with other Albanian noblemen he is mentioned as a participant of the Battle of Kosovo in 1389.
