In her term as minister, she oversaw the tightening of immigration policy and the preparation of a proposed reform of the administrative divisions of Norway.
Joseph Leinen is a German politician and Member of the European Parliament rom Germany.
Oscar Traynor was an Irish politician and republican.
He joined Komsomol in 1923, and in 1929 became an active member of the CPSU.
He was assassinated on 20 January 1973, about eight months before Guinea-Bissau's unilateral declaration of independence.
After the war, he served in diplomatic and appointed political positions and in 1880 was elected to Congress, representing California.
The Barre-led military junta that came to power after a coup d'état in 1969 said it would adapt scientific socialism to the needs of Somalia.
"Thant" was his only name, per Burmese convention.
Émile François Loubet was the 45th Prime Minister of France and eighth President of France.
George Tawlon Manneh Oppong Ousman Weah is a Liberian humanitarian, politician, and retired professional footballer who played as a striker.
He was involved in a political scandal involving budget leaks.
Hammer DeRoburt was the founding President of the Republic of Nauru, and ruled the country for most of its first twenty years of independence.
Margaret Madeline Chase Smith was a United States politician.
After a career in the army, he was appointed Minister of War in the cabinet of President Alfredo González.
Livermore was a Member of the Continental Congress from 1780 to 1782 and again from 1785 to 1786.
Taliban hanged his body along with his brothers from a traffic post called Ariana chowk in Kabul on September 26, 1996.
William Lowndes Yancey was a journalist, politician, orator, diplomat and an American leader of the Southern secession movement.
The eldest son of Robert Dundas, he was educated at Edinburgh University and studied Roman law at Utrecht University.
He has served as Member of Parliament for West Dorset since 1997.
He is married to Guðbjörg Ringsted and they have four children; María, Júlíus, Gunnar and Þorsteinn.
He came to political prominence in 1945 when he won the Motherwell by-election, becoming the SNP's first ever Member of Parliament.
Abram Stevens Hewitt was a teacher, lawyer, an iron manufacturer, chairman of the Democratic National Committee from 1876 to 1877, U.S.
The death of Queen Tripurasundari in 1832, his strongest supporter, and the adulthood of King Rajendra, weakened his hold on power.
He also served as a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
President Dwight D. Eisenhower's nomination of Strauss to become U.S. Secretary of Commerce in 1959 was not confirmed by the Senate.
He was the Chairman of the Unique Identification Authority of India.
Semyon Konstantinovich Timoshenko was a Soviet military commander and Marshal of the Soviet Union.
His last great endeavor was founding the American Ethnological Society in 1842 and serving as its president until 1848.
Rockefeller did not seek reelection in 2014.
Rae joined Olthuis Kleer Townshend LLP as a partner in February 2014.
In 2003, Sulzer again ran for the office of Chillicothe mayor.
Adil Çarçani was an Albanian politician who served as the 24th Prime Minister of Albania in the Communist regime led by Enver Hoxha.
He allowed Norquay to retake the leadership of the "Conservative Party", and did not seek re-election in 1888.
He served as Prime Minister of the Netherlands from 22 July 2002 until 14 October 2010.
Himelfarb is chair of the Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives’ Ontario Advisory Board.
In 2010 Jeffrey was appointed to the highest rank in the U.S. Foreign Service, Career Ambassador.
In an unprecedented move for an incumbent governor-general, Bryce made public comments in November 2013 widely interpreted as supporting an Australian republic and same-sex marriage.
He served twice as the Chief Minister of Jammu and Kashmir, from November 2002 to November 2005 and again from March 2015 to January 2016.
The district, numbered as the 23rd District from 1993 to 2013, includes most of the majority-black precincts in and around Fort Lauderdale and West Palm Beach.
His presidency was seen as a part of the socialist "pink tide" sweeping Latin America.
Cory Anthony Booker is an American politician and the junior United States Senator from New Jersey, in office since 2013.
Chuang was well educated for the time.
During his term, Guatemala experienced a disastrous earthquake in 1976, and had continuing disputes with neighboring Belize.
In 1994, she was also elected to the constituent assembly that amended the Constitution of Argentina.
On 22 November, Rudd formally tendered his resignation to the Speaker of the House of Representatives.
From 1993 to 1994, he was U.S.
Tan obtained her Bachelor of Laws from the University of Singapore.
Datuk Seri Dr. Wan Azizah binti Wan Ismail is a Malaysian politician.
Educated at Berkeley and Oxford, Bhutto trained as a barrister at Lincoln's Inn.
He first entered Parliament representing Huy, Belgium.
Keyes ran for President of the United States in 1996, 2000, and 2008.
He is involved with the Rumsfeld Foundation's Fellowship program, which has advisors at dozens of universities across the United States, and supports several military-related causes.
He was President of the National Assembly from 2005 to 2013.
He married Ana de Arzibu and one of their many daughters, Genoveva Guardiola Arbizu, married the first President of the Republic of Cuba, Tomás Estrada Palma.
Prior to the Senate, he served as the U.S. Representative for Vermont's at-large congressional district from 1975 to 1989.
She was an Australian Labor Party member of the Western Australian Legislative Council from 1997 to 2015.
A published author, he was founding president of the Aerospace Heritage Foundation of Canada.
She was the first woman to serve as a Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States.
However, despite the election of a Liberal government in the ensuing election, Edgar was defeated in his own riding.
On September 25, 2001, Thiessen was elected to the IPSCO Board of Directors.
Balbo was born in Turin on 21 November 1789.
Rayner was elected to the Maryland House of Delegates and served from 1878 to 1884.
John Crepps Wickliffe Beckham was the 35th Governor of Kentucky and a United States Senator from Kentucky.
Knut Vollebæk is a Norwegian diplomat and centrist politician.
Later Berenger announced a coalition between the Labour Party and the Mauritian Militant Movement.
Arteaga continued to clash with Alarcón and resigned from her post as vice president in March 1998.
Of mixed Flemish and Walloon descent, Demotte is one of the few Walloon politicians to be perfectly bilingual in French and Dutch.
He regained his Dáil seat at the 2007 general election.
Seymour Farmer resigned as party leader in 1947.
When Fianna Fáil returned to power in 1977 he became Minister for Defence in the final government of Jack Lynch.
Specter later went on to be elected to the U.S. Senate.
She has received a Peabody Award and was co-anchor for NBC's Emmy-winning coverage of the 1988 Summer Olympics.
Prior to her parliamentary career, Gillan worked as a marketing executive for several companies.
He was elected as a Liberal candidate in the riding of Saint Boniface in the 1988 federal election.
Golda Meir was an Israeli teacher, kibbutznik, stateswoman, politician and the fourth Prime Minister of Israel.
In 2013, Jammeh withdrew the Gambia from the Commonwealth of Nations, and in 2016 he began the process of withdrawing it from the International Criminal Court.
He also studied French-Canadian literature at University of Montreal, and international law at the Academy of the International Court of Justice in The Hague.
He initiated and founded the first Asian regional group known as SAARC.
He is a member of the Democratic Party.
John Aislabie or Aslabie was a British politician, notable for his involvement in the South Sea Bubble and for creating the water garden at Studley Royal.
The years of Violeta Chamorro initiate a period of significant economic and social decline for Nicaragua.
The CCF allowed the Tories under Dufferin Roblin to form government.
An influential advocate of Pan-Africanism, Nkrumah was a founding member of the Organization of African Unity and winner of the Lenin Peace Prize in 1962.
She was the first and to date the only female Prime Minister of India.
He split both major British parties in the course of his career.
He was again elected mayor of Tomah on April 1, 2008, by nearly a 2 to 1 margin against the incumbent, Charles Ludeking.
He was re-elected president in 1992 and 1997 and remained in power until his death in 1999.
She engaged in philanthropic efforts in Scotland, and died in 1895 at Ditton Park.
In 2008, Townsend joined CNN as a contributor.
Mary Lou McDonald is an Irish politician, the Deputy Leader of Sinn Féin and a Teachta Dála for Dublin Central.
He managed to win a seat in 1871 and soon became de facto leader of the Conservative opposition.
Under his leadership, the NDH constituted a Greater Croatia but was forced to make significant territorial concessions to Italy.
During the first years of Latvian independence, Kviesis actively participated in the development of the Latvian legal and court system.
Edmund Davie Fulton, PC OC QC was a Canadian Rhodes Scholar, politician and judge.
Aylward has opted not to receive a ministerial pension but still receives annual pension payments of around €50,000 from his time as a TD.
Gary Cates is a Republican politician who served in the Ohio General Assembly.
Until early 2005, he was the Senior Pastor of the Takapuna Assembly of God in Auckland.
Before he became Chancellor he served as Minister President of Baden-Württemberg from 1958 to 1966 and as President of the Federal Council from 1962 to 1963.
Instead, he mastered foreign languages and served as a diplomat in foreign missions.
Chaudhry Mohammad Ali was the fourth Prime Minister of Pakistan and a civil service officer.
His most notable goal in Italy saw him run the length of the field against Verona.
He died at his home in Lebanon, Kentucky on June 18, 1911.
At the end of his term, Persons ordered the National Guard into Phenix City following the assassination of Attorney-General-elect Albert Patterson.
Lê Duẩn died in 1986 and was succeeded by Trường Chinh in July.
He was later President of the island of Nevis and then Governor of Tobago.
He stood for election as a candidate of the Conservative Party for both authorities.
José María Figueres Olsen is a Costa Rican businessman and politician.
She is married to former U.S. Senate majority leader, 1976 Republican vice-presidential nominee and 1996 Republican presidential nominee Bob Dole.
Since his resignation, Wu has remained in the Washington, D.C. area.
He is a member of the Democratic Party.
After his term as governor, he was a delegate to the state's constitutional convention in 1891.
She was first elected to the Richmond City Council in 2004 when she was a member of the Green Party of California.
In 2011, he also served on the Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction.
Jennette Arnold, OBE is a Labour and Co-operative Party politician and member of the London Assembly representing the London Boroughs of Hackney, Islington and Waltham Forest.
Merkys ostensibly cooperated with the Soviets and handed over the power to Justas Paleckis, who formed the People's Government of Lithuania.
The following year, when Nixon resigned from the White House due to the Watergate scandal, Ford ascended to the presidency.
Patrick Henry McCarthy, generally known as P.H.
He also served as the Prime Minister of Democratic Kampuchea.
His profession and expertise in the field acquired him the nickname “Papa Doc”.
It was proudly called as 'Moopanar Desam', meaning Moopanar Nation.
Maryland sent him as a delegate to the Continental Congress in 1785 and 1786.
Taking his PhD at Yale, Silber was professor of philosophy and served as dean of the University of Texas's College of Arts and Sciences.
In 2003 he was appointed Chairman of the Board of International Institute for Democracy and Electoral Assistance.
Fine Gael barred him from standing for the party again.
Ibrahim Ismail Chundrigar was the sixth Prime Minister of Pakistan for approximately 2 months from October 17, 1957 to December 16, 1957.
Marcellus Lovejoy Stearns was an American politician.
Irfan Ljubijankić was a Bosnian facial surgeon, classical music composer, politician and diplomat.
John Sevier was an American soldier, frontiersman and politician, and one of the founding fathers, of the State of Tennessee.
He served as the Iranian Vice President for Cultural Heritage and Tourism from 2003 to 2005.
Later, the Irgun fought the Arabs during the 1947–48 Civil War in Mandatory Palestine.
Fourteen years after the end of the war, in 1959, the KGB had Bandera assassinated in Munich, Germany.
From 1916 to 1930 he was the professor of practical theology in the University of Helsinki.
In 1982, he joined the Cabinet of Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau as a Minister of State.
For much of the 1990s Li was ranked second in the Communist Party of China hierarchy behind then Party General Secretary Jiang Zemin.
In 1993 he graduated with a Master of Education from the University of Lapland, going on to teach at Anetjärvi comprehensive school in 1992-1995.
His De Beers diamond company, formed in 1888, retains its prominence into the 21st century.
He survived assassination attempts in 1978, in 2004, and on April 20, 2005.
He is the current Australian Ambassador to Japan, serving since April 2017.
He co-produced, Ummadi Kutumbam nominated by Film Federation of India as one of its entries to the 1968 Moscow Film Festival.
He was elected to the U.S. Senate in 1994 and continued to be re-elected by large margins until his retirement.
Lois Elsa Hole, CM, AOE was a Canadian politician, businesswoman, academician, professional gardener and best-selling author.
He was the President of the Board of Control for Cricket in India as well as the Cricket Association of Bengal.
Kenneth Winston Starr is an American lawyer who has also been a federal judge and U.S.
His name has been raised at several junctures in the past as a possible nominee to the United States Supreme Court.
In 1993, he became the first member of Manitoba's Métis community to be appointed as the province's 21st Lieutenant Governor.
Joy Padgett is a former Republican member of the Ohio Senate, representing the 20th district until the end of 2008.
He served again as President of Haiti from June 20, 1988 until his deposition on September 17, 1988 in the September 1988 Haitian coup d'état.
Maeda Toshitsune was a Japanese daimyō of the Edo period, who ruled the Kaga Domain.
Moussa Faki Mahamat is a Chadian politician and diplomat who has been Chairperson of the African Union Commission since 14 March 2017.
Robert Craggs-Nugent, 1st Earl Nugent PC was an Irish politician and poet.
Islam Abduganiyevich Karimov was the leader of Uzbekistan and its predecessor state, the Uzbek Soviet Socialist Republic, from 1989 until his death in 2016.
Pataki, as of January 2017 is the last Republican to serve as Governor of New York.
The Coalition is co-chaired by Boston Mayor Thomas Menino and New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg.
He is married to Mary Lehane and they have four sons.
As war minister and de facto Commander-in-Chief, Enver Pasha was the most powerful figure of the government of the Ottoman Empire.
Brereton Chandler Jones is an American politician and horse breeder from Kentucky.
In late 2013, Zhou was placed under investigation for alleged abuse of power and corruption, a decision state media announced in July 2014.
Luken received his high school diploma in 1942 from Purcell High School.
A co-author and architect of the "Contract with America", Gingrich was a major leader in the Republican victory in the 1994 congressional election.
He served as Ambassador of Panama to the United Nations from 1976 to 1981, and as Minister of Foreign Affairs of Panama from 1981 to 1983.
This made him a leader of the so-called "wet" faction in the Conservative ranks.
He and his wife Pat moved to Washington in 1942 to work for the federal government.
Following the resignation of Neville Chamberlain on 10 May 1940, Churchill became Prime Minister.
Inés María Mendoza Rivera de Muñoz Marín, was a former First Lady of Puerto Rico, teacher, writer and socialite.
In 1872, he was created Baron Ettrick in the Peerage of the United Kingdom in recognition of his services in India.
He was physically weak and was therefore considered by later historians to have been unfit to be shogun.
Following the election, Jagan was elected President and re-appointed Hinds as Prime Minister.
He resigned this post when he was elected to the state Senate in 1777.
George Elmer Pataki is an American lawyer and politician who served as the 53rd Governor of New York.
William Duhurst Merrick was a United States Senator from Maryland, serving from 1838 to 1845.
During her last term as treasurer, she was the only Republican to hold statewide elected office in Illinois.
Michael Carty was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician.
He returned to the UK and became Chancellor of the University of Oxford in 2003.
On 29 September 1997 Lang was raised to the peerage.
He is the longest serving prime minister with more than 16 years of tenure thus overtaking Seewoosagur Ramgoolam, who held the office for 14 years.
On November 25, 1783 this earnest patriot accompanied General Washington on his triumphant ride into New York City.
Mrs Thomas was first elected to the National Assembly for Wales in 1999 and re-elected in 2003, having almost doubled her majority.
Doris Okada Matsui  is the U.S. Representative for California's 6th congressional district.
Mem de Sá was a Governor-General of the Portuguese colony of Brazil from 1557-1572.
Obama campaigned for her husband's presidential bid throughout 2007 and 2008, delivering a keynote address at the 2008 Democratic National Convention.
One of the great achievements of modern economics is to show the sense in which, and the conditions under which, Smith's conclusion is correct.
Abbott Lawrence was a prominent American businessman, politician, and philanthropist.
That same year he lost his seat in the Political Bureau and was forced to resign from active politics.
David Walter Chomiak is a former politician in Manitoba, Canada.
He served as the U.S. Representative from Delaware, U.S.
In a shadow cabinet reshuffle in January 2016, she became Shadow Secretary of State for Defence, replacing Maria Eagle.
Born in Ontario, he grew up there and in Winnipeg, where he became a lawyer.
Falkenhayn's relations with the Chancellor Bethmann-Hollweg were troubled and undercut Falkenhayn's plans.
Prime Minister Tony Blair made Miliband Parliamentary Secretary to the Cabinet Office in May 2006.
Sir Donald Charles "Don" McKinnon ONZ GCVO is a former Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs of New Zealand.
Kennedy's oft-quoted response to her request for a meeting: "Stanford is a not a trade school" has echoed through the corridors of Hollywood for a generation.
He was then elected president in 1984, defeating ARENA party leader Roberto D'Aubuisson.
In 1989, Evers was defeated for re-election after serving nearly twenty years as mayor.
McGonigal has also worked as the Manitoba chair of the Council for Canadian Unity.
She has a Bachelor of Arts from the University of Moncton and a Master of Business Administration from the University of Ottawa.
John Nathan Deal is an American attorney and politician who is the 82nd and current Governor of the U.S. state of Georgia since January 2011.
In 2008 Bradley was inducted into the New Jersey Hall of Fame.
He served as chief advisor to Data Points, a company founded based on his research and data.
He served as Minister of Education and Provincial Secretary in the cabinets of Harlan Carey Brewster and John Oliver before becoming Minister of Finance in 1924.
Hamilton attended King's College, choosing to stay in the Thirteen Colonies to seek his fortune.
Many of these views were shared by General Secretary Hu Yaobang.
In December, citing a constitutional crisis over the stalemated presidential elections, he proclaimed himself the chief of state and he began instituting his own policies.
He was Prime Minister of Bulgaria from 2005 to 2009.
However, Anwyl only led Birney by eight votes on the first count.
She was elected to her supervisorial post in 2014.
Before his presidency, he was the leader of the Union for a Popular Movement party.
In step two, from 2010 to 2020, China's navy would become a regional force capable of projecting force to the second island chain.
Joseph Fouché, 1st Duc d'Otrante was a French statesman and Minister of Police under Napoleon I.
He acquired extensive public policy experience between 1973 and 2000 in the Alberta Government, private sector, and non-profit sector, particularly in health, energy, and economic policy.
As a member of the House, McCollum rose to become Vice Chairman of the House Republican Conference, the fifth-highest ranking position in the House Republican leadership.
In April 2006, he announced his intention not to seek re-election at the forthcoming general election.
He was previously a solicitor and served, until it was proscribed, as the spokesman for Islam4UK.
He studied abroad under a pseudonym, his identity being known only to a select few including university officials and security agencies.
Following the Axis invasion of Yugoslavia in April 1941, Drljević began cooperating with the Italian authorities occupying Montenegro.
C. William O'Neill was a Republican politician from Ohio.
By 1902, he was residing in Pimlico and owned land in Essex.
When earlier elected as Lieutenant Governor, he was the first African American elected to statewide office in Virginia.
He took steps to increase the foreign trade and set export quotas for Akita copper mines, despite higher domestic prices.
When the Conservatives returned to power in 1951 he served as Chancellor of the Exchequer, Home Secretary, Deputy Prime Minister and Foreign Secretary.
Since he had little support in the Assembly, his government had no prospect of long-term survival.
In 2013, IBN LIVE named him as one of "The men who changed the face of the Indian Cinema".
He co-founded the Republican Leadership Council, a "fiscally conservative and socially inclusive" political action committee, in 1993.
Stanbery was married in 1829, at Lancaster, to Frances E. Beecher, daughter of Philemon Beecher.
The state-owned banks were put under his control, leaving the system eventually insolvent mostly due to the Iran–Iraq War, the Gulf War, and UN sanctions.
Senator from 1870 to January 1871, from March 1871 to March 1881, and from November 1881 to 1883.
Dominic Charles Roberts Grieve, QC is a British Conservative politician, barrister, Queen's Counsel and a Member of the Privy Council.
In 1849 his family removed to Albany, New York, where he attended the public schools and The Albany Academy.
He was devastated by the death of his wife, who died five days before the election, and died himself three weeks later.
Later that day, Trump stated that he was thinking of "this Russia thing with Trump and Russia" when he decided to dismiss Comey.
A Republican lawyer from Vermont, Coolidge worked his way up the ladder of Massachusetts state politics, eventually becoming governor of that state.
He served as Taoiseach from 1959 until 1966.
He successfully promoted the reorganization of the German military.
In 1887, he married Margaret, the daughter of James McDonald.
He later fell from power, after arranging the king's marriage to German princess Anne of Cleves.
Commander Willoughby Shortland RN was a British naval officer and colonial administrator.
Weir stepped down as PC leader in February 1971, and retired as an MLA in September of the same year.
A career scientist turned statesman, Kalam was born and raised in Rameswaram, Tamil Nadu, and studied physics and aerospace engineering.
One of his final acts was to approve the financing and plans of the arena before he died.
He was a member of the Parcham faction led by Karmal.
He subsequently practised law with his brother Clifford Sifton in Brandon, Manitoba, where he was also active in municipal politics.
Diego Enrique Arria Salicetti, is a Venezuelan politician, diplomat, former Venezuelan Permanent Representative of to the United Nations, and President of the Security Council.
After a short career in banking he was admitted to the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst and was commissioned into the Royal Tank Regiment in 1974.
A major thoroughfare of Zagreb, Većeslav Holjevac Avenue is named after Većeslav Holjevac.
In 1874, Bristow was appointed U.S. Secretary of the Treasury by President Ulysses S. Grant.
Outside of football, he owns a company called Kala Capital and an organisation called Kala Foundation, as well as being an ambassador for SOS Children's Villages.
In 1979 he became a Member of the European Parliament.
Bradley Richard Ward is a former politician in Ontario, Canada.
Elliott Abrams is a former American diplomat, lawyer and political scientist who served in foreign policy positions for Presidents Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush.
Hoxha's government was characterized by his proclaimed firm adherence to anti-revisionist Marxism–Leninism from the mid-1970s onwards.
Anna Marie "Patty" Duke was an American actress, appearing on stage, film, and television.
On the localised level, Sankara also called on every village to build a medical dispensary, and had over 350 communities build schools with their own labour.
She was the Labour London Assembly Spokesperson for Transport and Chair of the London Assembly Transport Committee.
He served as both a member of the Virginia House of Delegates and as a member of the Continental Congress prior to the Constitutional Convention.
A member of the Republican Party, he has been the Majority Leader of the Senate since January 3, 2015.
Joyal is an Officer of the Order of Canada, Officer of the National Order of Quebec and is also a Chevalier in France's Légion d’Honneur.
Although he described himself as a Liberal-Conservative, he was nevertheless a supporter of Liberal Premier Thomas Greenway.
Note: As part of Diet custom, the Speaker and Vice-Speaker of the House must formally secede from their party.
He was Chief Government Whip, and Deputy Speaker and Chairman of Committees of the Whole of the House of Commons.
In Nepali and some other Indo-Aryan languages languages, the word Prachanda is an adjective that translates to "fierce".
Hamengkubuwono X was formally installed as Sultan on 7 March 1989.
He became a major figure in the Bolshevik victory in the Russian Civil War.
He also serves as a secretary for Pacific Magazine.
He has been a Teachta Dála since 2011, currently for the Meath West constituency.
This position is a member of the Ohio Governor's Cabinet.
He chaired the Judiciary Committee during the contentious U.S. Supreme Court nominations of Robert Bork and Clarence Thomas.
Dr. Jorge Batlle became Uruguayan president on 1 March 2000, after having been elected the previous year by popular vote.
Dorrit Moussaieff is an Israeli jewellery designer, editor, and businesswoman who was the First Lady of Iceland 2003-2016.
Amy Jean Klobuchar is the senior United States Senator from Minnesota.
Pierre Mazeaud has a doctorate in law from the University of Paris.
Meltek Sato Kilman Livtuvanu is a Vanuatu politician.
Ezekiel Alebua PC was the third Prime Minister of the Solomon Islands from 1 December 1986 until 28 March 1989.
He attended Harrow School and Trinity College, Cambridge.
Frederick William Mulley, Baron Mulley, PC was a British Labour politician, barrister-at-law and economist.
He graduated from Dalhousie University and Harvard Law School in the 1930s.
He died a week later at age 90.
Margot Honecker was an East German politician who was an influential member of the East German communist party and the country's regime until 1989.
Card announced his resignation as Chief of Staff on March 28, 2006, effective April 14, 2006.
Before entering politics, Boyer was a partner in the Fraser & Beatty law firm in Toronto, where he specialized in communications law and electoral law.
His prolific writings shaped the attitudes of U.S. policymakers during and after the Second World War.
He was the first Republican candidate to be elected as governor since 1896, when Republican Daniel L. Russell was elected as a Fusionist candidate.
He is more correctly referred to as the first Provincial Secretary of Manitoba.
During the early 1990s, Hawks owned and managed Northwest Mississippi Flying Service, Incorporated, an agricultural aerial application service, and owned and operated a recreational airport.
Nripen Chakraborty was an Indian politician and the chief minister of Tripura state from 1978 to 1988.
If Venstre lost the 2015 election, then Kristian Jensen was considered very likely to be the next leader of the political party.
Balakrishna was the guest of honor at the 43rd International Film Festival of India.
Nevertheless, the IOC held to the traditional rules regarding amateurism.
He is also a supernumerary fellow of St Anne's College, Oxford.
Erbakan's government fell following a military memorandum in 1997 and the DYP declined further in the 1999 general election.
She has sometimes been referred to as the "Steel Butterfly", by her supporters.
Philippe Sudré Dartiguenave was a Haitian political figure.
Ivor Callely is a former Irish politician.
She expelled her father from the party on 20 August 2015 after he made new controversial statements.
In social policy, Barthou's time as Prime Minister saw the introduction of allowances to families with children.
An avid golfer Arjun Munda is also interested in promoting archery at national and international levels.
He was instrumental in establishing the Easton Gazette in 1817, and again became a member of the House of Delegates in 1825.
In addition to her various appointments, Gillard has served as the chairwoman of the Global Partnership for Education since February 2014.
In 1930 Litvinov was named as People's Commissar of Foreign Affairs, the top-ranking diplomatic position in the Soviet state.
By 1976 he had risen to Deputy Prime Minister, and in 1981 was sworn in as Prime Minister after the resignation of his predecessor, Hussein Onn.
His attempts to seize military stores of Patriot militias in April 1775 sparked the Battles of Lexington and Concord, beginning the American War of Independence.
Joseph Kabila Kabange is a Congolese politician who has been President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo since January 2001.
He was re-elected for the new riding of Minnedosa West later in the year, this time defeating Liberal J.W.
Yet he was a key witness before the Senate during its investigation of the CIA in the mid-1970s, 1975 being called the "Year of Intelligence".
He kept his seat in the legislature after resigning as premier, but was defeated in the 1913 election by Conservative Herbert Crawford.
He was a Democrat and served for more than 50 years in the United States House of Representatives.
Development Agency from 1986 to 1989, and from 1989 to 1991 was Minister of Fisheries and Community Affairs.
Retiring in 1977, he ran for a seat in the United States Senate the following year, from his adopted home state of New Jersey.
Larry J. Echo Hawk is an attorney, legal scholar and politician.
Due to his influence, the Grand Trunk Railway began to manufacture their cars in London.
On 19 November 2016, Orbán surpassed István Bethlen as the 3rd longest-serving Prime Minister in Hungarian history.
Robert Heron Bork was an American judge and legal scholar who advocated the judicial philosophy of originalism.
Since 1962, his birthday is celebrated in India as Teachers' Day on 5 September.
He is also a film producer, and a former Senior Producer at Rare Day, who produced the film One Mile Away.
He was forced to step down as RDP President on 28 February 2015 and rejoined SWAPO on 28 August 2015.
He served as the first chairman of the Council of Economic Advisors between 1946 and 1949.
Aikins was resoundingly defeated in Brandon City.
Prior to being elected to the U.S. Senate, Toomey served as the U.S. Representative for Pennsylvania's 15th congressional district from 1999 to 2005.
The election was one of the most controversial in American history.
He is also known as the foster father of famous American Civil War general William Tecumseh Sherman.
His brother, also named Rufus Wheeler Peckham, was also a New York lawyer, state court judge, and U.S. Supreme Court Justice.
Much beloved by Filipinos, Quezón was known for involvement with humanitarian activities and served as the first Chairperson of the Philippine National Red Cross.
He resigned in April 2004 in protest at the deaths of over 600 Iraqis during the siege of Falluja.
He visited Russia in 1926, and later wrote a book on the country's economic system under communism.
Jan Garrigue Masaryk was a Czech diplomat and politician and Foreign Minister of Czechoslovakia from 1940 to 1948.
She was elected to the Office of State Attorney five times.
Raborn had delivered Polaris three years ahead of schedule, due in part to his application of the PERT methodology.
In later life he was known as the "Grand Old Man" of Canada.
She was the first Australian woman to lead an upper house of Parliament and the longest serving female politician in Australian political history.
These positions make him the second-ranking figure in the House Democratic Leadership hierarchy.
Francis "Francie" O'Brien is a former Irish Fianna Fáil politician.
The contest was won by Ed Miliband.
However Zijlstra announced he didn't wanted the serve a full term as Prime Minister and endorsed his Party leader Biesheuvel.
As leader of the Czech Social Democratic Party during the 1990s, he transformed it into one of the country's major parties.
Fysh was created a Knight Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George in January 1896.
He served as president of Florida State University from 2003 through 2009.
He later became Minister of State for Forestry, and then Minister of Forestry in 1990.
King Charles was escorted out of Hungary on a British warship into exile.
He notably served as Foreign Secretary under William Pitt the Younger from 1783 to 1791.
As President, Gül came under criticism for giving assent to controversial laws which have been regarded by the political opposition as unconstitutional.
These two parties and Batasuna were banned in 2003 for having links to Euskadi Ta Askatasuna which is proscribed as a terrorist group.
He ruled as a dictator under martial law from 1972 until 1981 .
He holds the distinction of being one of only seven TDs to be appointed Minister at the start of their first term in the Dáil.
As president his lack of a committed political base made him an easy target for overthrow by the military.
Hugh Guthrie, PC, KC was a Canadian politician and Cabinet minister in the governments of Sir Robert Borden, Arthur Meighen and R. B. Bennett.
He co-sponsored the European Parliament resolution of 2 April 2009 on European conscience and totalitarianism.
He started writing under the name George Awoonor-Williams, and was also published as Kofi Nyidevu Awoonor.
The Fine Gael–Labour Party coalition was defeated at the 1977 general election resulting in the resignation of Brendan Corish as Labour Party leader.
Since approximately February 2014, Karimov kept his elder daughter, Gulnara, imprisoned.
He is currently a member of the national finance committee of Hillary for America.
Judy Gingell, CM is an aboriginal Canadian politician, who served as Commissioner of the Yukon from 1995 to 2000.
By this time, he was identifying himself as a Liberal.
After attending elementary school and middle school in Erzurum and Edirne, he graduated from Kuleli Military High School in Istanbul.
Soon after, she challenged the ban on women running for Fredericton City Council.
Mitchell was the Fine Gael candidate at the 2011 Irish presidential election.
She was the first woman to preside over a major party convention.
After 1920 he dedicated his life to scientific work.
He serves as a Director of several international non-profit organizations.
He is a member of the Democratic Party.
Pudil is co-owner of Most-based mining company Czech Coal.
In 2000, Payette was awarded the gold medal of the Mouvement national des Québécois, September 30, 2000.
He was a long-time campaigner for disabled people.
Klitschko thus became the new party leader.
He is now the Chairman of the Bank of Montreal
Vasconcelos was close friend of Honduran general Francisco Morazán.
In 1842, Abraham Lincoln married Mary Todd, who was a daughter of a slave-owning family from Kentucky.
Holding this office, he chaired the 18 November 1918 meeting of Tautas Padome, which declared the independence of Latvia.
With the 1936 elections, the conservative Spanish Confederation of Autonomous Right-wing Groups lost by a narrow margin and the leftist Popular Front came to power.
Baker was a moderate conservative who was also respected enormously by most of his Democratic colleagues.
was a Canadian lawyer and Tory politician, involved in both provincial and municipal politics.
Leaving politics in June 1853, he was appointed to the Court of Common Pleas of Canada West and by 1863 he became Chief Justice.
At age 105, Wiebe became the oldest person in Canadian history to be granted the Order of Canada.
Throughout the American Civil War, Hay was close to Lincoln and stood by his deathbed after the President was shot at Ford's Theatre.
Previously a supporter of French language rights, Clarke was by this time campaigning against bilingualism and state funding for Catholic schools.
He is a member of the Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party.
Hobart was a longtime party official, and New Jersey delegates went to the 1896 Republican National Convention determined to nominate the popular lawyer for vice president.
He was the patroon of Van Cortlandt Manor and was on the governor's executive council from 1691 to 1700.
He was twice Lord Chancellor of Great Britain.
She was the first female recipient of the John F. Kennedy Profile in Courage Award in 2000.
He lost a confidence vote and then called an election.
On June 15, 2010, gay news site TheSword.com stated that Koering went on a dinner date in Brainerd with gay pornographic actor Brandon Wilde.
Now they were selected by the local party organisations, giving Redmond numerous weak MPs over whom he had little control.
He was the former foreign minister of that country, serving from 1984, when it gained complete independence in 1984 until 22 October 2015.
District 17 consisted of parts of the Bronx, Westchester County, and Rockland County.
Mathis is also the second longest serving television arbitrator ever, behind Judith Sheindlin of Judge Judy.
This led to the coining of the expression "Portillo moment".
After Lavrentiy Beria's arrest in 1953, Rudenko was the judge of his trial in which Beria was sentenced to death.
He graduated from Moscow State University in 1955 with a degree in law.
In 2014, he became founding partner of a new law firm in Jackson, Mississippi, Musgrove/Smith Law.
In addition to his literary contribution to Tamil literature, he also enriched himself in the interests of poor people in the community.
When Janata government collapsed, Vajpayee restarted the Jana Sangh as the Bharatiya Janata Party in 1980.
He gained national-wide attention as a candidate in the Portuguese presidential election of 2011.
Born in Montreal, Quebec, he was mayor of the city of Anjou from 1973 to 1988.
She is a member of the Republican Party.
At the time she became acting governor, Swift was 36 years old, making her the youngest female governor or acting governor in U.S. history.
He was Minister of Defence from August 4, 2011 to December 31, 2014 under President Dilma Rousseff.
Danuta grew up in Krypy village near Węgrów.
The result was a narrow victory for Macdonald's Conservatives, who won 22 of 40 seats.
He had no children and adopted his brother Toshitsune as his heir.
Blanche Meyers Lambert Lincoln is a former U.S.
Hughes was succeeded in the position of General Superintendent of the Assemblies of God in NZ by Ken Harrison.
Hermanson sought the leadership of the newly founded Saskatchewan Party in 1998, and defeated Rod Gantefoer and Yogi Huyghebaert in a one member one vote election.
He was also known by his original title, Lord Mulgrave.
He completed some graduate work at Miami University and the University of Dayton.
In Varanasi, Bhimsen helped Rana Bahadur engineer his return to power in 1804.
He won the 2004 Lok Sabha elections, but lost the 2009 elections.
Patel was born and raised in the countryside of Gujarat.
Since the 2016 presidential election, Johnson has stated he will not run for public office again.
On February 14, 2014, the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame announced that Stern would be a member of its 2014 induction class.
Antanas Smetona was one of the most important Lithuanian political figures between World War I and World War II.
John Maynard Woodworth was an American physician and member of the Woodworth political family.
Robert de Beaumont, 2nd Earl of Leicester was Justiciar of England 1155–1168.
Juan Nepomuceno Almonte was a 19th-century Mexican official, soldier and diplomat.
Senator Pat Harrison, Doxey won a special election to his seat, and served in the United States Senate from 1941 until 1943.
De la Cruz has set up a charity, Friends of FundeCruz, in his home village to fund a number of projects serving the local community.
Henck Alphonsus Eugène Arron was the first Prime Minister of Suriname after it gained independence in 1975.
Later serving as Bain's chief executive officer, he helped lead the company out of a financial crisis.
Maureen Anne McTeer is a Canadian author and a lawyer, married to Joe Clark, the 16th Prime Minister of Canada.
After Bangladesh's liberation, Rahman was released from Pakistani custody and returned to Dhaka in January 1972.
Donat was also head of the Canadian Arena Company that helped designed arenas throughout Canada.
In the House of Commons, Guthrie charged that the protesters "were a distinct menace to the peace, order and good government of Canada."
Biya has maintained Cameroon's close relationship with France, French Cameroun's former colonial ruler.
Schreyer defeated Green by 506 votes to 177 in the leadership race held shortly thereafter.
Arjun Singh was an Indian politician from the Indian National Congress party.
In 2010 she was the Democratic nominee for the U.S. Senate to replace retiring Republican Senator Kit Bond.
He died in 1883 in New Haven, Connecticut, and was interred at Cedar Hill Cemetery in Hartford, Connecticut.
Buchanan left the NDP to support Bob Rae's 2006 Liberal party leadership bid.
He was the head of the province of Kerman for nearly nine years.
Miguel Cabanellas Ferrer was a Spanish Army officer during the Spanish Civil War.
He developed the concept of a Western Squadron, keeping an almost continuous blockade of the French coast throughout the war.
He was a high-ranking functionary in the SS and the seventh most senior commander in the organisation.
Canada's first francophone prime minister, Laurier is often considered one of the country's greatest statesmen.
She was appointed MBE in 1964, and elevated to DBE in 1985.
Tuffrey was narrowly beaten by former Metropolitan Police officer Brian Paddick in standing for nomination as the Liberal Democrats' candidate for Mayor of London in 2012.
Sir Catchick Paul Chater CMG, was a prominent British businessman of Armenian descent in colonial Hong Kong.
He was the son of Prince Adam Kazimierz Czartoryski and Izabela Flemming.
Governor came in recognition of his legal and community work.
He was first elected to Dáil Éireann at the 1933 general election.
Livermore was the father of Arthur Livermore, a U.S. Representative from New Hampshire, and Edward St. Loe Livermore, a U.S. Representative from Massachusetts.
Upon assuming power in December 2000, President Vicente Fox chose him to serve as his Secretary of Economy.
He was born in what is now Kyrgyzstan.
Tony Kett was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician and member of Seanad Éireann.
Following the June 2017 general election, he was appointed First Secretary of State and Minister for the Cabinet Office.
In 1951, Cowen returned to Australia to become dean of the law faculty at the University of Melbourne.
A younger son of Prime Minister David Lloyd George, he served as Home Secretary from 1954 to 1957.
Further but more extensive actions perpetrated by order of Coen, are recounted in a BBC Television documentary series "The Spice Trail".
In 1868 Creswell supported Ulysses S. Grant for President.
Dumont was appointed to the Order of Manitoba in 2001.
Tikhonov began his political career in local industry, and worked his way up the hierarchy of Soviet industrial ministries.
Francis Leo Lawrence was an American educator and scholar specializing in French literature and university administrator.
He served as the President of Yale University between 1921 and 1937.
On October 9, 1975, the Standing Committee of Communist Party of Kampuchea placed her in charge of information and education inside and outside of the country.
In 1977, Gaddafi transformed Libya into a new socialist state called the Jamahiriya.
Richard Mauze Burr is the senior United States Senator from North Carolina, having served since 2005.
In November 2004, he received more votes than anyone ever elected to the U.S. House of Representatives from New Jersey.
In March 2008, he was sworn in as leader of Left Front, the Tripura coalition government.
In 2006 he launched the new policy Vision For Change and it became government policy.
He later died of complications of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma on October 14, 2012.
Nicol Ross Stephen, Baron Stephen is a Scottish Liberal Democrat politician.
His contribution to establishing the education foundation in India is recognised by celebrating his birthday as "National Education Day" across India.
After a split in 1923 he became associated with Cumann na nGaedheal and led the organisation known as the Army Comrades Association.
Konstantin Hierl was a major figure in the administration of Nazi Germany.
She is an overseer of the Boston Symphony Orchestra, a trustee of the Carnegie Corporation of New York, and a member of the MIT Corporation.
Two months later he pled guilty in a fourth trial to bribery and received an additional six-year term.
On January 3, 2011, Douglas became an executive in residence at Middlebury College where he taught a 24 student course titled Vermont Government and Politics.
He was a Conservative, but used the label "Progressive-Conservative" in Souris in the election of 1926, and was defeated by a straight Progressive candidate.
Hussain is the current and incumbent party president of the Pakistan Muslim League.
In March 2015, Phillips was appointed as the President of the Partnership Council of the John Lewis Partnership for a three-year term.
He is a frequent commentator on broader foreign policy, national security, and economic trends.
The Robert Strange Country House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
He became the foreign secretary and took the title of "General."
She was a member of Europe Transparent, which sat with the Greens/EFA party group.
He had previously served as the 4th Chief Justice of Liberia from 1865 until 1868.
He served as Lord Chief Justice between 1832 and 1850.
He later served as Chancellor of the University of Manitoba from 1974 to 1977.
After her husband's death in 1933, she continued her work with the deaf and wrote for several magazines.
He was also a strong defender of freedom of the press at a time when many Costa Rican governments practiced widespread censorship.
Lindley Miller Garrison was a New Jersey lawyer who served as Secretary of War under U.S. President Woodrow Wilson between 1913 and 1916.
He is a member of the Free Presbyterian Church of Ulster.
He resigned from the New Brunswick legislature in July 1998.
She is currently on the Board of Directors of Dropbox and Makena Capital Management, LLC.
Pappu Yadav defeated Sharad Yadav in the 2014 general elections.
James Karl Bartleman, OC OOnt is a Canadian diplomat, author, and was the 27th Lieutenant Governor of Ontario from 2002 to 2007.
Rhodes took over the party, and led it to victory in the 1925 election.
However, Luken was defeated later that year in his bid for a full term by Republican Bill Gradison, who had preceded him as mayor of Cincinnati.
Klaus Kinkel is a German civil servant, lawyer, and politician of the liberal Free Democratic Party.
He joined the postal service in 1916.
His opinion on the role of Britain in Ireland and in Northern Ireland changed during the 1970s, in response to the outbreak of The Troubles.
Afterwards, he engaged in agricultural pursuits, and also served as a member of the Maryland House of Delegates in 1804.
Eamon Scanlon is an Irish Fianna Fáil politician and a Teachta Dála for the Sligo–Leitrim constituency, upon being elected at the 2016 general election.
When Morris resigned as party leader Cashin succeeded him.
Following redistribution, Davidson campaigned in the Beautiful Plains constituency for the provincial election of 1886.
He graduated from the University of Tirana with a degree in Mathematics.
Although he rarely set foot in a courtroom, Hobart became wealthy as a corporate lawyer.
He has additionally held the position of first deputy leader of the Progress Party since 2006.
He is a founding member of the Islamic Iran Participation Front and is member of its political office.
Born in rural Russia in 1902, Suslov became a member of the All-Union Communist Party in 1921 and studied economics for much of the 1920s.
Abzug declared, "This woman's place is in the House—the House of Representatives", in her successful 1970 campaign.
Revels and Rainey were both members of the Republican Party.
However, during his tenure as prime minister, there were major military conflicts with both Hezbollah and Hamas.
Väinö Tanner's leadership was very important in forming the grounds and creating the Spirit of the Winter War which united the nation.
Byrd is also the only West Virginian to have served in both houses of the state legislature and both houses of Congress.
He was an ethnic Pashtun, a member of the Barakzai Mohammadzai tribe.
He outlined his Third International Theory that year, publishing these ideas in The Green Book.
Dimond was also an early champion of Alaska statehood.
His ruling period is characterized by marked improvement in development, with the rise of oil prices facilitating many public works achievements.
Re-elected again in 1959, he continued to serve in cabinet until January 15, 1960, when he was appointed as the province's lieutenant governor.
He was defeated in the 1984 federal election by Ernie Epp.
He declined to seek re-election in 2016 and was succeeded in office by fellow Republican Bryan Hughes.
She was appointed Economic Secretary to the Treasury in May 2010 and then became Secretary of State for Transport in October 2011.
She ran for a second term in 2010.
During his career, he served three ambassadorships: in Portugal, Yugoslavia and Brazil, in addition to numerous minor postings.
He participated in a failed 1982 coup attempt against President André Kolingba and subsequently fled the country.
She represented the riding of Hochelaga-Maisonneuve in the Montreal region, and its predecessors, from 1981 to 2008.
After his resignation as PC leader in 2009, Tory became a radio talkshow host on CFRB.
He is a New Democratic member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario who was elected in 1990.
One of the few successful referendums to modify the Australian Constitution, the 1946 Social Services referendum, took place during Chifley's term.
When President Arthur offered his friend Conkling an associate justiceship on the Supreme Court, Conkling accepted the offer and was approved by the Senate.
Abdul Qadir Bajamal was the Prime Minister of Yemen from 31 March 2001 to 7 April 2007.
As of March 25, 2016, Yee is incarcerated at FCI Ft Worth.
From 1965 to 1967 his political activism got him into trouble with the Czechoslovak communist regime, and he was arrested several times.
Eduard Kukan served as Minister of Foreign Affairs of Slovakia from 1998 to 2006.
Sir Āpirana Turupa Ngata was a prominent New Zealand politician and lawyer.
She was the first woman to represent the 9th district and is also the first woman to represent the 13th district.
Stephen Creswell Timms is a British Labour Party politician who has been the Member of Parliament for East Ham since 1997.
His political career ended with the fall of the North government in March 1782.
He is currently a military analyst for NBC and MSNBC as well as president of his own consulting firm, BR McCaffrey Associates.
He confirmed that Pravind Jugnauth would eventually succeed him, being the leader of the Militant Socialist Movement.
His fatal optimism rendered him largely responsible for the collapse of Egyptian credit which brought about the fall of Ismail.
He is the longest-serving governor in Oregon's history, as well as the only Oregon governor to resign because of a scandal.
She was the Lord Advocate of Scotland from 2006 until 2011, having previously been Solicitor General since 2001.
He was the Fine Gael Deputy spokesperson on Agriculture, Fisheries and Food with special responsibility for Common Agricultural Policy reform from October 2010 to March 2011.
Sharon was a commander in the Israeli Army from its creation in 1948.
Tom Naudé Technical High School in Polokwane was named after him.
Nathaniel Herbert Claiborne was a nineteenth-century politician from Virginia.
As such, he is credited with many important construction projects that modernised the city, most notably the creation of Novi Zagreb.
The Liberals called an election on the proposal.
Ronald F. Lipsett is a former politician in Ontario, Canada.
Cromwell was one of the strongest and most powerful advocates of the English Reformation.
José María Alfredo Aznar López served as the Prime Minister of Spain from 1996 to 2004.
As First Lady of Texas, Bush implemented many initiatives focused on health, education, and literacy.
He was appointed again as Prime Minister in 2000 and finally President in 2003.
He did not stand again for the Assembly, which finally reconvened in 2007, instead leaving the UUP to join the Conservative Party.
Arthur Wellesley Peel, 1st Viscount Peel, PC was a British Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1865 to 1895.
He was a long-time member and former chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee.
José Francisco Ruiz Massieu was the brother-in-law of Carlos Salinas and was due to become the PRI majority leader in the Chamber of Deputies.
He was a member of the Senate and the House of Representatives for the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy.
The court however, confirmed Ali guilty of treason again on May 3, 2000.
Because of fears that he would use his influence to support the Ghost Dance movement, Indian Service agent James McLaughlin at Fort Yates ordered his arrest.
Edgar was in poor health, however, and died in 1899 prior to the end of this term.
Senator from Delaware, U.S. Secretary of the Treasury, U.S. Secretary of State, Minister Plenipotentiary to the United Kingdom, and President of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad.
Cooper was again elected to a partial term in the Senate in 1952.
Sitting Bull's leadership inspired his people to a major victory.
He was the Member of the Parliament of Canada for the riding of Vaughan following a November 29, 2010 by-election, until his defeat in 2015.
Imamović is a member of the main board of the Social Democratic Party of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
At the same time he left the post as chairman for the Socialist Democratic Party, Marita Petersen took over.
She later founded the People's Unity Party, which failed to cross the 5% barrier in the 2015 parliamentary election.
He was re-elected in Dauphin without opposition.
James Perry Wiseman is a former politician in Ontario, Canada.
Walter Maxfield Lea was a Prince Edward Island politician.
He was elected the official Party leader of the Labour Party on 15 December 2001 and became the lijsttrekker for the Dutch general election of 2002.
Antonio Lupusella is a former politician in Ontario, Canada.
Case lost to Congresswoman Mazie Hirono, who also beat him ten years previously in the Democratic gubernatorial primary.
He imposed wage and price controls for ninety days, enforced desegregation of Southern schools and established the Environmental Protection Agency.
He died suddenly in 1963, when he appeared to be on the verge of leading Labour back into power and becoming the next Prime Minister.
Thode built a cyclotron capable of making radioactive isotopes and along with Dr. C.H.
He relinquished his post as UN Special Envoy to Syria on 31 May 2014.
Left out of Sifton's cabinet, Cushing did not seek re-election in the 1913 election, and did not re-enter politics thereafter.
During the 1960s and 1970s, Liu was responsible for naval research and development before heading national military research.
In 1907 he joined the Newfoundland People's Party of Sir Edward Patrick Morris and became minister of finance in 1909.
[from 9 of the Biggest Slave Owners in American History By Thomas L. Scott - December 23, 20145184617, Atlanta Blackstar, http://atlantablackstar.com/2014/12/23/9-of-the-biggest-slave-owners-in-american-history/5/)
On the floor of the U.S. Senate, he frequently ridiculed blacks, and boasted of having helped to kill them during that campaign.
He is a Member of Parliament representing Andhra Pradesh state in the Rajya Sabha since June 2004.
Alfred Lyttelton QC was a British politician and sportsman from the Lyttelton family who excelled at both football and cricket.
He was twice Lord Chancellor of Great Britain.
Roland "Roy" McMurtry, OC OOnt is a lawyer, politician, and former judge in Ontario, Canada.
He was appointed as a Republican minister under Carnot and Ribot.
He was the Prime Minister of India for two short periods following the deaths of Jawaharlal Nehru in 1964 and Lal Bahadur Shastri in 1966.
He is a co-owner of Indian Super League side Kerala Blasters.
In opposition, Roblin spoke against Greenway's proposed education reforms.
Datuk Tan Chai Ho was Deputy Minister of Ministry of Home Affairs from 29 March 2004 to 26 February 2008.
Pérez Jiménez was also responsible for the modernization of the military and the nation enjoyed a period of high prosperity and social tranquility.
He served as Deputy Leader of the Labour Party from 1983 to 1992.
Having moved, since 2013 Demotte is mayor of Tournai.
Kennedy was known for his oratorical skills.
He was an unsuccessful candidate for the Industrial and Commercial Panel of the Seanad in April 2016.
Davis also helped create the Manitoba society called "The Grange" in 1874.
Alyn Smith is a Scottish politician, and Scottish National Party Member of the European Parliament for Scotland.
Eleazar Wheelock was an American Congregational minister, orator, and educator in Lebanon, Connecticut, for 35 years before founding Dartmouth College in New Hampshire.
After retiring from the military in 1996, Bio moved to the United States to continue his education.
In 1896 he was a leader of the progressive wing of the Democratic Party, opposing President Grover Cleveland and the conservative Bourbon Democrats.
Carole Taylor, OC is a Canadian school chancellor, journalist and former politician.
A firm conservative, Sladen re-entered politics in November 1864 when he was elected to the Legislative Council for Western Province in a by-election.
He also represented Incredible India at the 14th International Indian Film Academy Awards ceremony held in Macau.
Gale Ann Norton served as the 48th United States Secretary of the Interior from 2001 to 2006 under President George W. Bush.
In 1988 he was named Minister of the Environment, and in 1990 founded the green Ecology Generation party.
Angelo Bartlett "Bart" Giamatti was an American professor of English Renaissance literature, the president of Yale University, and the seventh Commissioner of Major League Baseball.
He served as a state superior court judge from 1848 to 1858.
He represented the state's 8th district until it was redrawn in 2013 into the 7th district.
He ran for the presidency of Mexico three times.
A number of progressive reforms were introduced during Hata's tenure as prime minister.
Deborah Koff Ross is an American lawyer and politician.
Swindell attended Wilson Technical Community College, Sandhills Community College, and North Carolina State University.
Brezhnev had fostered a cult of personality, although not nearly to the same degree as Stalin.
In India and elsewhere, he was often addressed as Sardar, which means Chief in Hindi, Urdu, and Persian.
Before becoming vice president and president, Nena served as Governor of Kosrae from 1979 to 1983.
He served as the mayor of the former city of North York, Ontario, Canada from 1973 until 1997.
Rodríguez was born on 6 January 1837.
He was accused by some of representing "radical" elements within the party, though he denied this, using his friendship with the arch-conservative Campbell as evidence.
After her husband was elected to Parliament, she taught herself English, Italian, and Spanish, and became fluent in those languages.
Harold Dallas Rogers is the U.S. Representative for Kentucky's 5th congressional district, serving since 1981.
The event escalated the political rivalries in the region.
He was also an emergency physician and has worked as a health care administrator.
She remained a member of the Left Party until 2004, when she left to focus entirely on her feminist political work following a tax evasion scandal.
He has been involved with the cattle industry since 1957 as a breeder, exhibitor and marketer.
He was one of the co-founders of liberal conservative party Civic Platform in 2001 with Maciej Płażyński and Donald Tusk.
George Purdy Radanovich is a former U.S. Representative for California's 19th congressional district, serving from 1995 to 2011.
Born in Sutton, Surrey, Major grew up in Brixton.
He eventually rose to the position of Commander-in-Chief of the Forces.
After losing the 2017 party leadership election, Coveney was appointed Deputy Leader of Fine Gael.
He was both the first African American and first person from the Deep South in that position.
Dr. Sinan Al-Shabibi is an Iraqi economist who served as the governor of the Central Bank of Iraq from September 2003 to October 2012.
Morihiro Hosokawa is a Japanese politician who was the 79th Prime Minister of Japan from 9 August 1993 to 28 April 1994.
Francis Preston Blair Lee was a Democratic member of the United States Senate, representing the State of Maryland from 1914 to 1917.
He is one of the few Danish politicians to be honoured in the United States House of Representatives.
William Windham PC, PC was a British Whig statesman.
His new district, District 16, contains parts of the Bronx and Westchester County.
Green came to national prominence in November 2008 after being arrested and having his parliamentary office raided by police, although no case was brought.
Robert Bourassa, GOQ was a politician in Quebec, Canada.
Francis Gwynne "Frank" Tudor was an Australian-born felt hatter and politician.
He now holds joint professorships at University of Oxford and Imperial College London.
During his career as a civil servant O'Brien worked on the government's anti-partition campaign.
He used his experience to become the Liberal's railway critic when he returned to Parliament through an 1884 by-election.
In 1976, he became parliamentary secretary to the Minister of Regional Economic Expansion.
Jacob Nena is a Micronesian political figure who served as the fourth President of the Federated States of Micronesia from 1996 to 1999.
In 1957, he was wounded in an assassination attempt, after which he went to Spain where, in 1959, he later died from his wounds.
His wife, Sheila, and daughter, Marcia, also died on board.
Mudar Mohammad Ayesh Badran is a former Jordanian politician and government minister, and starting 1993, a Jordanian industrialist mainly in steel manufacturing.
William Worthington Scranton III served as the 26th lieutenant governor of Pennsylvania from 1979 to 1987 in the administration of Governor Richard Thornburgh.
He won the Ramon Magsaysay Award for government service in 1996.
Previously, he served as the ninth Commissioner of Baseball.
Bozizé rose to become a high-ranking army officer in the 1970s, under the rule of Jean-Bédel Bokassa.
She was the first First Lady to assume presidential functions.
Edith Bolling Galt Wilson, second wife of U.S. President Woodrow Wilson, was First Lady of the United States from 1915 to 1921.
He oversaw a rise of in overall gross domestic product at around 50%, however domestic savings declined and saw a rapid rise in economic inequality.
At this election, UKIP also returned a second MEP, Tom Wise.
He was an uncontroversial choice, and became the second Jewish holder of the position, after Sir Isaac Isaacs.
Regionally, he has served as the chairman of the Organisation of Eastern Caribbean States and most recently as chairman of the Caribbean Community in 2010.
He is the first person to hold two non-consecutive terms as Vice President of Indonesia.
Morris King Udall was an American politician who served as a U.S. Representative from Arizona from May 2, 1961 to May 4, 1991.
In 1932 and 1936 he was elected the 32nd Vice President of the United States, serving from 1933 to 1941.
Kozak was one of several members of Putin's circle touted in the media as a possible candidate to succeed Putin as president in 2008.
Giri was later succeeded by Fakhruddin Ali Ahmed as President in 1974.
He was born in St. John's, Newfoundland, as the son of merchant John Bond.
James Lascelles, is a British musician and the second son of the 7th Earl of Harewood and his first wife, the former Marion Stein.
He died of prostate cancer in 2006 at the age of eighty.
William Paul Jarrett was an sheriff and congressional delegate representing the Territory of Hawaii.
He joined the staff of the Albany Journal in 1870, and was editor-in-chief of this paper from 1876 to 1880.
In March 2006, Ranariddh resigned as the President of the National Assembly and in October 2006 was ousted as President of FUNCINPEC.
Peter John Hollingworth AC, OBE is an Australian retired Anglican bishop.
Hewitt's political career began in the 1970s as a high-profile left-winger and supporter of Tony Benn, even being classified by MI5 as an alleged communist sympathiser.
Sharif's second term also saw tussles with the judiciary and the military.
Himmler attempted to go into hiding, but was detained and then arrested by British forces once his identity became known.
He operated a sawmill near Lakefield, Ontario, where he became a municipal councillor and then reeve.
41(85) of 14 October 1991 "...from the prison contacted the President with a recorded video message, where repented and called himself "an old fool"".
Sir Henry Moore Jackson GCMG was a British army officer and colonial governor.
Today he is referred to by many as the "Father of the Nation."
Rudenko was also one of the chief commandants of NKVD special camp Nr.
He was chairman of Allelix Biopharmaceuticals Inc., Torstar Corporation, Alcan Aluminum Ltd., the Canada Foundation for Innovation and the Walter and Duncan Gordon Charitable Foundation.
During this period he was also the leader of the Association for the Advancement of Civil Rights.
Ridge was born in Munhall, Pennsylvania and raised in veterans' public housing in Erie, Pennsylvania.
A wealthy nobleman, William originally served the Habsburgs as a member of the court of Margaret of Parma, governor of the Spanish Netherlands.
Laura Anne Jones was a Conservative member of the National Assembly for Wales.
He learned to write by copying text from the Book of Genesis.
He was also an economist and member of the Belgian Christian Social Party.
He later lived in relative obscurity and published his memoirs.
Bielsa was the Foreign Minister of Argentina from 25 May 2003, when President Néstor Kirchner took office, until 6 December 2005.
On September 13, 2005, he won the Democratic primary against 9 other candidates and was later elected in the November general election.
Born in Chicago, Emanuel is a graduate of Sarah Lawrence College and Northwestern University.
Rama is since 2005 a member and leader of the Socialist Party.
Washington's first synagogue was built in Spokane.
Ghani was a member of the General People's Congress party.
Watkins Moorman Abbitt was an American politician and lawyer.
His decision to privatise the Malta shipyards, and the pensions reform, proved to be unpopular.
Dewar served as treasurer of the Selkirk local of the Manitoba Metis Federation, and was a founding director of the Maurepas Village Housing Cooperative.
Robert Stevenson Horne, 1st Viscount Horne of Slamannan GBE PC KC was a Scottish businessman, advocate and Unionist politician.
She is a former Member of the Scottish Parliament for the South of Scotland region 2003–2007.
He was the leader of the Moderate Party from 1999 to 2003.
Anni Milja Maaria Sinnemäki is a Finnish politician and a member of the Finnish Parliament between 1999 and 2015, representing the Green League.
He won the special election and the following two regular elections, serving until 2011.
Born in Sanski Most, Ivanić has lived in Banja Luka since 1971, when he earned his university diploma in economics there.
He has also promoted increased safety and the use of green technologies in motor racing.
Davis changed his party affiliation to the Republican Party in 2012.
He is the current County Governor of Hordaland, serving since March 2010.
Because of security concerns, Saddam rarely left Iraq, so Aziz would often represent Iraq at high-level diplomatic summits.
He played a leading role in the 14 July Revolution in which the Hashemite monarchy was overthrown on July 14, 1958.
Ronald Kirk is an American politician and member of the Democratic Party.
Mandal was a big and rich Zamindar from Saharsa in Northern Bihar.
Senator representing Alabama from 1981 to 1987, and a United States Navy rear admiral and aviator in the Vietnam War.
Ana Mato Adrover is a Spanish politician.
When Nikolai Tikhonov's Second Government was dissolved, Mikhail Gorbachev appointed him deputy chairman of the Council of Ministers in Nikolai Ryzhkov's First Government.
Strickland was defeated by Portman in the November 2016 general election.
He served as the last appointed Governor of Guam from 1969 to 1971 and the first elected Governor of Guam from 1971 to 1975.
He returned to Canada to become Chief Executive Officer of Petro-Canada from 1976 to 1978.
In 1885, he led a group of militia known as Boulton's Scouts to help put down the North-West Rebellion.
Fidesz narrowly lost the 2002 and 2006 elections to the Socialist Party, and Orbán spent eight years as the leader of the opposition.
She is a current member of the Board of Regents for the University of Wisconsin System.
He took advantage of the growing political and economic power of the neighborhood to promote his interests, and three times ran unsuccessfully for political office.
However, it was reported that Heshen was an excellent student, knowing several languages including Mandarin, Manchu, Mongolian and Tibetan.
Additionally, he was a co-chairman of the Obama-Biden Transition Project.
Two years later, in 1944, he married his second wife, Major Evelyn Berry.
He went on to serve as President of the Fiji Court of Appeal.
President Bill Clinton appointed Mondale United States Ambassador to Japan in 1993; he retired in 1996.
Senator Eugene McCarthy in the Democratic primary, and the general election became one of the most expensive in state history.
Milne served as Senate Vice-Chair of the National Liberal Caucus from 2006–2009 and also was President of the Canada-Europe Parliamentary Association from 2004-2008.
Sekula Drljević was a Montenegrin lawyer and separatist politician who collaborated with the Italian military occupation authorities in Montenegro during World War II.
Lawrence Yates Sherman was a Republican politician from the State of Illinois.
Shirley Ann Mount Hufstedler was an American lawyer and judge who served as the first United States Secretary of Education, under President Jimmy Carter.
Robert Leroy Ehrlich Jr. is an American lawyer and politician who served as the 60th Governor of Maryland from 2003 to 2007.
He was elevated to the governorship in December 1974, after Ford unseated Moderate Republican U.S. Sen. Marlow Cook.
His brusque, outspoken manner and willingness to quarrel openly with superiors caused a professional rivalry with Grant that would adversely affect Rosecrans' career.
Alfred Emanuel McGuire was the head coach of the Marquette University men's basketball team from 1964 to 1977.
After a period of negotiations, another coup, and a period of military rule, Ratu Mara again took office as Prime Minister on 5 December.
William Conyngham Plunket, 1st Baron Plunket, PC, QC was an Irish politician and lawyer.
Suksaha was one of the Four Regents during the early reign of the Kangxi Emperor in the Qing dynasty.
This program brought female university students onto farms during the summer to help with food production.
Following Alaska's admission to the Union, he made an unsuccessful run for a U.S. Senate seat and two unsuccessful attempts to be elected Governor of Alaska.
In 1900, Pardo married his first cousin, Carmen Heeren Barreda.
Five were appealed and one was overturned.
A report from 2005 after a full investigation including a postmortem concludes that Milea killed himself using the weapon of one of his attendants.
He represented the 17th Congressional District, which centered on his hometown of Youngstown and included parts of three counties in northeast Ohio's Mahoning Valley.
He is a lecturer in at the University of Hong Kong.
After the appointment of Congressman Porter Goss as Director of the CIA, Hoekstra became the Chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, serving from 2004 to 2007.
The Iraqi troops in turn turned him over to U.S forces.
Hamilton was born out of wedlock in Charlestown, Nevis.
Wamp is a member and co-chair of the ReFormers Caucus of Issue One.
Atwater aroused controversy through his aggressive campaign tactics, such as using "weasel" questions to achieve favourable poll results.
Government suppression of the uprising in these districts often involved mass executions.
He and his wife, fellow professor Ida Gallardo, lived most of their adult lives in Río Piedras, Puerto Rico.
Judith Steinberg Dean, M.D., is an American physician from Burlington, Vermont.
Arthur Cyril Boyce was a Canadian politician.
Previously she was the chancellor of the University of Wisconsin-Madison from 1988 to 1993.
More than 300 bills that Kennedy and his staff wrote were enacted into law.
Kitchin married in 1863, and served as Oxford's first Junior Censor of non-collegiate students from 1868 to 1883.
Romualdo Ricardo Jiménez Oreamuno served as president of Costa Rica on three separate occasions: 1910 to 1914, 1924 to 1928, and 1932 to 1936.
In March 2016 she was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh for her work for the university sector.
She is a member of the Democrats 66, part of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe.
Primakov was an academician and a member of the Presidium of the Russian Academy of Sciences.
In 1989, he was made an Officer of the Order of Canada.
Rajagopalachari was instrumental in setting up a united Anti-Congress front in Madras state under C. N. Annadurai, which swept the 1967 elections.
He worked as a teacher for several years, coaching various high school teams and holding positions in the teacher's association.
From 1965 to 1972, Payette worked on a series of animated television programs for the French and English networks of the CBC.
Soong's third presidential campaign in 2016 formed a split ticket with Minkuotang chair Hsu Hsin-ying and won 12.84% of the vote.
Following the end of Clinton's term, Summers served as the 27th President of Harvard University from 2001 to 2006.
Calderón's victory was confirmed months later on September 5, 2006, by the Federal Electoral Tribunal.
He served as a Teachta Dála for the Dublin North constituency from 1992 to 2011.
David Hackett Souter is a retired Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States.
He was elected Grand Master in 1601.
Aubin Doiron was appointed Lieutenant-Governor of Prince Edward Island on January 14, 1980.
In 2017 Murray became the Senate Assistant Minority Leader, making her the third-highest-ranking Democrat and still the highest-ranking woman in the Senate.
He is a member of the Indian National Congress and led the party to a record three consecutive electoral victories in Assam.
He was a member of the Victorian Parliament for Castlemaine from 1895 to 1899, where he was a champion of women's suffrage and federation.
Born in Moose Lake in 1946, Gingell was the founding director of the Yukon Native Brotherhood in 1969.
Clay ran for the presidency in 1824, 1832 and 1844, while also seeking his party's nomination in 1840 and 1848.
He established a military dictatorship, which he defined as a totalitarian state.
Lazio also ran unsuccessfully for the 2010 New York State Republican Party gubernatorial nomination.
Albert Edward Philip Henry Yorke, 6th Earl of Hardwicke DL, styled Viscount Royston between 1873 and 1897, was a British diplomat and Conservative politician.
He was from 1991 to 1994 the 6th Minister President of the State of Rhineland-Palatinate and 1998–2002 Federal Minister of Defence.
He cut the 10% annual growth in the budget, in part due to his use of the gubernatorial veto 200 times during his first six months.
Hökmark is Vice Chairman of the EPP Group, the largest group in the European Parliament with 265 members.
King was known as Mays' "spiritual son" and Mays his "intellectual father."
Most of his albums have been produced by Yves Lapierre.
Cameron gave his support to Abraham Lincoln, and became his Secretary of War.
He was the Leader of the Seanad from May 2011 until April 2016 when he lost his seat.
In 1930 he became a citizen of the Soviet Union.
Timothy Andrew "Tim" Fischer, AC, has been involved in Australian politics in one form or another since 1971.
He served as Prime Minister of the Netherlands from 19 December 1977 until 4 November 1982.
Before entering Parliament, he was a Chartered Accountant working for an investment bank.
Many Scheduled Caste in India view her as an icon, and refer to her as Behen-ji.
She won, and was reelected in 1998 and 2000.
Sir Arnold Henry Nordmeyer ONZ KCMG, born Heinrich Arnold Nordmeyer, was a New Zealand politician.
Daniel David "Dan" Rostenkowski was a United States Representative from Chicago, serving from 1959 to 1995.
He also helped found the PEI Federation of Agriculture serving as its first general secretary.
She was a Member of Parliament between 1984 and 1993.
Thomas Galloway Dunlop du Roy de Blicquy Galbraith, 2nd Baron Strathclyde CH PC, known informally as Tom Strathclyde, is a British Conservative politician.
As of July 2007, he is a professor at Keio University and an advisor for other academic institutions and companies.
Deng Pufang is the first son of China's former Paramount leader Deng Xiaoping.
He later attended King George V Secondary School in Tarawa, Kiribati.
Thomas Coleman du Pont was an American engineer and politician, from Greenville, Delaware.
Through his maternal grandfather, he was also a descendant of King William IV and Dorothea Jordan.
Shortly after North Carolina seceded from the Union, Ellis died in office.
Next, she moved to West Delhi, where she brought a reduction in crimes against women.
He was nominated for a life peerage in the 2015 Dissolution Honours.
In 1964, he became the first Republican in the 20th century to be elected to the United States House of Representatives from his home state.
As premier, Tupper established public education in Nova Scotia.
Public outrage led to the snap elections of 1986.
Ridge is also the founder and CEO of Ridge Global, LLC, a Washington, D.C.-based security consulting firm.
His response to the Boston Police Strike of 1919 thrust him into the national spotlight and gave him a reputation as a man of decisive action.
The town of Healesville, 52 km north-east of Melbourne, is named after him.
In January 1986, Nelson became the first sitting member of the United States House of Representatives to fly in space.
With Antony dead, Octavian was the undisputed master of the Roman world.
Daniel Caspary is a German politician and Member of the European Parliament from Germany.
During her tenure as San Francisco's first female mayor she led renovation of the city's cable car system and oversaw the 1984 Democratic National Convention.
Rainsy faced multiple criminal defamation charges after accusing the Cambodian People's Party and Funcinpec of corruption in the formation of the current coalition government.
McCartney currently serves as the Deputy Mayor of London.
John Davis McCaughey AC was a Bible scholar, Christian minister, university administrator and the Governor of Victoria from 1986 to 1992.
He was also the only Liberal challenger to unseat a Labor incumbent in an election which saw Labor elected to a strong majority government.
Kurt Josef Waldheim was an Austrian diplomat and politician.
She was the Los Angeles County Supervisor representing the 2nd District.
Roscoe Conkling was a politician from New York who served both as a member of the United States House of Representatives and the United States Senate.
Sugarcane plantations, worked by slaves brought from Africa, were established by colonists.
When Uriburu set free elections and was voted out of office, General Ramírez worked behind the scenes to plan a return of fascism to Argentina.
Mart Siimann was the Prime Minister of Estonia from 1997 to 1999, representing the liberal/centrist Estonian Coalition Party.
On March 20, 1920, the Agrarian Union won national elections and Stamboliyski was confirmed as prime minister.
A member of the Democratic Party, DeWeese served as the 135th Speaker of the Pennsylvania House from 1993-94.
He was Conservative Member of Parliament for Dover and Deal from 1974 to 1983 and MP for Dover from 1970 to 1974 and 1983 to 1987.
Ring stepped down from the Front Bench in 2004 after a planned demotion, however, he returned in 2007 as Spokesperson on Community, Rural and Gaeltacht Affairs
Chernomyrdin died on 3 November 2010 after a long illness.
On 15 December 2011, the Paris court declared him guilty of diverting public funds and abusing public confidence, and gave Chirac a two-year suspended prison sentence.
He played college football at Michigan where he was a 1995 All-Big Ten Conference selection.
Price was born in East St. Louis, Illinois, and graduated from St. Louis University High School and Saint Louis University.
He also recommended that the Senate be given more powers, including the authority to ratify international treaties.
Redfield Proctor was a U.S. politician of the Republican Party.
She married Declan Sinnott when they were both aged twenty one, and had 9 children together, they are now separated.
He serves on the advisory board for DC-based non-profit America Abroad Media.
In 1938 he defended a dissertation at Uppsala University and became Juris Doctor.
In 1779, Hanson was elected as a delegate to the Continental Congress after serving in a variety of roles for the Patriot cause in Maryland.
With these latter, he fought during the First World War throughout the Arab lands for independence from Ottoman rule.
Solomon West Ridgeway Dias Bandaranaike, frequently referred to as S.W.R.D.
He returned to the backbenches, pursuing a career as an author, writing biographies of William Pitt the Younger and William Wilberforce.
During the 1977–1979 period, Uganda was a member of the United Nations Commission on Human Rights.
Higgins wrote a number of books, including Stewards of God and Personal Holiness.
Flemming was an important force in the shaping of Social Security policy for more than four decades.
He became a member of the Republican National Committee in 1944 and its chairman in 1948, leaving both posts in 1952.
During the First Indochina War, Lê Duẩn was an active Communist cadre in the South.
He was elected to the Federal Council of Switzerland on 8 December 1971 and handed over office on 31 December 1986.
Several considered Holbrooke's role in the Dayton Accords to merit the Nobel Peace Prize.
Gary Earl Johnson is an American businessman, author, and politician.
She would prep each of the sessions with very prominent guests and would flawlessly interview them.
He was speaker of the South Carolina House for 11 years.
He was elected as a Democrat in 1905 to the U.S. Senate, and was reelected again in 1911.
She sits on the European Parliament's Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection.
He contested his first election as Premier at the November 2010 Victorian state election.
McGoldrick was also a representative for San Francisco County in the Bay Area Air Quality Management District Board of Directors.
It was after this period that he adopted communism.
In 1999, Jović entered the federal government, as Vice Minister of Culture, where he remained until 2001.
Edward John Higgins was the third General of The Salvation Army.
Truman stated: "we want no Gestapo or secret police.
In February 2009, Quick was reported to be seeking preselection for the Tasmanian Legislative Council division of Derwent as a representative of the Tasmanian Greens.
An Obergruppenführer in the Schutzstaffel, between January 1943 and May 1945 he held the offices of Chief of the Reich Main Security Office.
On 22 June 2007, Goldsmith announced his resignation which took effect on 27 June 2007, the same day that prime minister, Tony Blair, stepped down.
On his release, Kenyatta was appointed President of KANU and led the party to victory in the 1963 general election.
She has been critical of the Iranian government and of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, and has advocated closer relations between Israel and Europe.
Mehbooba is India’s second Muslim woman chief minister after Syeda Anwara Taimur of Assam.
Moses Kimball was a US politician and showman.
He supported the Parliamentary cause in the English Civil War.
She started the Homeless to Homes Initiative to take homeless men and women off the streets and help them become productive members of our community.
Reddy was a member of the Indian National Congress.
Thomas J. Stanley was an American writer and business theorist.
He had previously served two brief terms as Prime Minister, from 5 May 1927 to 10 August 1928 and from 9 May to 11 October 1929.
As a former vice-regal representative of Alberta, he was styled "The Honourable" for life.
In October 1859, Heales won the seat of East Bourke Boroughs and held it for the rest of his life.
In 2007 she got honoris causa doctorate at University of Zadar.
and repeatedly asserted that: "the issue was not law and order but the right of free association."
Timothy Egan, author of a 2016 biography on Meagher, has suggested that the governor was murdered by Montana political opponents.
Wilson was a board member of First Place, Hamilton from 1969-1977.
Francis Willoughby was an early supporter of the Parliamentarian cause during the English Civil War but later became a Royalist.
He was elected a member of the Legislative Assembly of Prince Edward Island from 1853 to 1858.
After that he was designated as a presidential adviser.
Allen was first elected in 1996, defeating Republican incumbent James Longley, Jr. with 55 percent of votes cast to Longley's 45 percent.
Stanley Howard Knowles, PC OC was a Canadian parliamentarian.
The district includes just over half of Baltimore City, most of the majority-black precincts of Baltimore County, as well as most of Howard County.
John Sherman Cooper was a politician, jurist, and diplomat from the U.S. state of Kentucky.
He was educated at St. Jarlath's Vocational School, Mountbellew, and Mountbellew Agricultural College where he did an IMI Management Course.
On November 22, 1963, Kennedy was assassinated in Dallas, Texas.
As of 2013, he also held the world's record for the individual with most honorary degrees with more than 150.
Mathis boasts the longest reign of any African American presiding as a court show judge, beating out Judge Joe Brown whose program lasted 15 seasons.
In 1988 he became Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, and in 1991 was promoted to Minister of Foreign Affairs.
O'Neill served as a state representative and as Speaker of the House.
François Hollande, the former President of France, is the father of her four children.
Romagnoli is a holocaust revisionist and claimed in an interview that he has "no elements to say whether gas chambers of extermination camps existed or not".
She had previously served on three terms on the Mecklenburg Board of County Commissioners, serving as vice chairman several times.
This division became a serious dispute in the province, largely due to Clarke's refusal to accept a compromise.
He was a Liberal member of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly from 2001 to 2008, serving as Leader of the Opposition from 2005 to 2006.
On January 5, 2017, Coats was announced as incoming President Donald Trump's nominee for the post of Director of National Intelligence, to succeed James R. Clapper.
Sergei Sergeevich Sidorsky was Prime Minister of Belarus from 10 July 2003 to 28 December 2010.
Crapo was elected with 70% of the vote, and became the first Mormon to represent Idaho in the United States Senate.
A Republican, Stafford was generally considered a liberal, or "Rockefeller" Republican.
For the 13th-century 3rd Earl of the second creation see William FitzGeoffrey de Mandeville, 3rd Earl of Essex.
Susan Margaret Collins is an American politician who currently serves as the senior United States Senator from Maine.
He was the Opposition spokesperson on Health from 2004 to 2007.
In 2010 he co-founded the coalition For Russia without Lawlessness and Corruption and was co-chair of the People's Freedom Party.
However, the 86th Congress had already adjourned, and did not return for a post-election lame-duck session.
For his service to national security, Carter has on five occasions been awarded the DOD Distinguished Public Service Medal.
Previously, he had been Deputy Mayor and Mayor of Martigny and, from 1979 to 1998, member of the National Council.
He resigned as a result in July 1874.
Shapiro previously served as Senate State Affairs Committee chair and since 2003 has chaired the Senate Education Committee.
Brown was re-elected in 2014, with sixty percent of the vote.
In the 1922 election, Scrymgeour and Labour candidate E. D. Morel jointly ousted Winston Churchill, who had represented the city as a Liberal.
Following elections to the National Assembly at the end of 2000 he was appointed minister of finance.
Kristin Halvorsen took office as the 78th Minister of Finance in Norwegian history and the first woman ever to serve in that post.
He later served as vice-chancellor of the University of New England and the University of Queensland.
He had allegedly promised to help a defendant bribe Manhattan prosecutors in exchange for a $80,000 cash bribe concealed in a fruit basket.
Neurath served as "Reichsprotektor of Bohemia and Moravia" between 1939 and 1943, though his authority was only nominal after September 1941.
Try Sutrisno Malay pronunciation: [tri sutrisnɔ] was Indonesia's sixth vice president from 1993 to 1998.
He also served as the chairman of the Democratic National Committee from 1943 until 1944.
He denounced the Munich agreement of 1938 as meaningless, cowardly, and unworkable, as he resigned from the cabinet.
Apart from his native Kurdish, Talabani is fluent in Arabic, Persian, and English.
Gompers founded the American Federation of Labor, and served as the organization's president from 1886 to 1894 and from 1895 until his death in 1924.
He failed to engender much emotional response in the public and became only a reluctant and disillusioned leader of his party.
McLin, was an American politician of the Ohio Democratic party.
He also drove the construction of Burj Khalifa, the tallest building in the world.
However, Rahman faced challenges of rampant unemployment, poverty and corruption.
Samaranch served the second longest term as the head of the IOC, the longest being that of Pierre de Coubertin.
Although in 2002 Democrats increased their number of governorships, Doyle was the only one of them to unseat a sitting Republican governor.
He served as the U.S. Representative for Texas's 9th congressional district from 1995 to 1997 and for Texas's 36th congressional district from 2013 to 2015.
Dingell was a long-time member of the House Energy and Commerce Committee and chaired the committee over multiple Congresses.
He was an Action démocratique du Québec Member of the National Assembly of Quebec for the Vanier riding from 2004 to 2008.
He played a key role in overseeing the intelligence behind the Iraq War.
Antoinette Jennings is an American politician who was the 16th Lieutenant Governor of Florida.
He cut health care costs in an attempt to balance the budget, and borrowed funds from the state's K-12 education and low income programs.
His district included the southern, coal-dominated portion of the state, including Huntington, Bluefield, and Beckley.
Cowper's governments had a fairly coherent Liberal tendency, a trend which continued with the governments of Henry Parkes and later developed into the Free Trade Party.
During the 1994 general elections for the presidency, she narrowly lost to the Democratic Revolutionary Party candidate Ernesto Pérez Balladares by 4% of the vote.
Leopoldo Fortunato Galtieri Castelli was an Argentine general and President of Argentina from 22 December 1981 to 18 June 1982, during the last military dictatorship.
Cai-Göran Alexander Stubb is a Finnish politician and a Member of Parliament, representing the National Coalition Party.
Notably, he was forced to resign from office twice due to felony convictions.
Her father died when she was nine, and she was subsequently raised by her mother.
He is best remembered for his opposition to appeasement and his strong stance against Germany during and after the Second World War.
Around 1647, Abraham's family moved from Southampton to Branford in what is now Connecticut.
From April to August 1976, Morton served as Ford's campaign manager in his bid for election.
She was appointed as the first aboriginal Commissioner on June 23, 1995, and retired in September 2000.
On 27 August 2009, the office of Prime Minister Stephen Harper announced that Plett was among nine new appointees to the Senate.
He was elected to Dublin City Council for the Clontarf area at the 2014 local elections.
He was nominated President of the European University Institute on 12 December 2008, and assumed this position in January 2010.
Yakov Mikhailovich Sverdlov was a Bolshevik party administrator and chairman of the All-Russian Central Executive Committee.
The city of Sucre, Bolivia's capital, is named for him, as is a state of Venezuela and a department of Colombia.
Harlem Jean-Philippe Désir is a French politician who served in the government of France as Secretary of State for European Affairs from 2014 to 2017.
He failed to merge the NRP and FUNCINPEC, and retired again, but in March 2014 re-emerged to launch the Community of Royalist People's Party.
She teaches journalism at Kent State University.
The Dragon King, also known as the Dragon God, is a Chinese water and weather god.
Brock was born in Davie County, North Carolina, where he attended public school and engaged in agricultural pursuits until 1894.
Specter served as assistant counsel for the Warren Commission investigating the assassination of John F. Kennedy and helped devise the "single-bullet theory".
He was detained in Pakistan in the fall of 2001 and held until 2005 in the Guantanamo Bay detainment camp.
He was executed together with two other former heads of state, General Kutu Acheampong and General Fred Akuffo, and five other Generals, in June 1979.
He is the longest-serving member ever of the United States House of Representatives from the state of New York.
Prior to becoming mayor, Peterson served three years as a member of Thunder Bay City Council, and had nearly 20 years of community service.
He was defeated in the 1935 election, losing by three votes to the Liberal candidate.
Following the end of her active political career, Kroes occupied numerous seats on supervisory boards in the business and industry world and several international non-governmental organizations.
In 1986, he joined the faculty of the Ivey School of Business and in 1995 he was appointed as a Professor Emeritus.
Feinstein was the author of the 1994 Federal Assault Weapons Ban which expired in 2004.
The same year he was awarded the Collier Trophy for his work on Polaris.
He lost to the incumbent Democrat, Robert J. Bulkley.
She is currently 16th in line to succeed her grandmother.
Lee was named after his maternal grandfather, Francis Preston Blair.
Tosiwo Nakayama was the first President of the Federated States of Micronesia.
He was Fine Gael spokesperson on Energy and Western Development and Chairman of the Political Affairs Committee between 1993 and 1997.
He served until 13 June 1931, and again was Prime Minister in a conservative national unity government, following the riots of 6 February 1934.
After this Molloy was dropped from the Cabinet, becoming a member of the Gang of 22 who opposed Haughey's leadership of the party.
William Howard Taft IV is an attorney who has served in the United States government under several Republican administrations.
He was elected as a non-voting Delegate to the U.S. Congress for the Michigan Territory, serving from 1833 to 1835.
Leonard Wood is a former Canadian politician.
On 9 March 2007, Musharraf asked Chaudhry to resign, which he refused to do, and was suspended from office.
In the Assembly, Buono became the ranking Democrat on the Assembly Budget Committee.
Josip Broz Tito, born Josip Broz, was a Yugoslav communist revolutionary and statesman, serving in various roles from 1943 until his death in 1980.
His regime was given the moniker “duvalierism without Duvalier”.
He was a prominent early advocate for same-sex marriage and was influential in legalizing cannabis in California.
Karamanlis was first elected as a member of the Hellenic Parliament for New Democracy in 1989 and became president of the party in 1997.
Askin quickly rose through party ranks, eventually becoming Deputy Leader following Walter Howarth's resignation in July 1954.
On his return to Australia in August 1941, Menzies found that he had lost the support of his party and consequently resigned as prime minister.
McBride was also the first native-born Premier in British Columbia's history.
He resigned as Prime Minister in April 2009 to become Secretary General of NATO.
His government was also responsible for the creation of the province's first university, the University of British Columbia, which opened its doors in 1915.
Xu Kuangdi KmstkNO FREng is a Chinese politician and scientist, best known for his term as Mayor of Shanghai from 1995 to 2001.
In 1999, he became the federal Minister for Economic Affairs and Scientific Research.
And as acting Minister of Defence from August 1, 1959 until September 4, 1959 following the resignation of Sidney J. van den Bergh.
Johnson has been nominated by President Donald Trump to become United States Ambassador to the United Kingdom.
In September 1991 he was appointed Minister of Defence, an office he held throughout the Croatian War of Independence.
As Health Secretary, Hunt was responsible for negotiating a new contract for junior doctors.
Widely considered an underdog and outspent by a 7-to-1 margin, he was the only Democratic candidate to defeat a Republican senator in the 1990 election cycle.
After graduating, Jefferson Davis served six years as a lieutenant in the United States Army.
From 1932 to 1935, he served as federal Finance Minister, and, despite the Great Depression, handed down austere budgets that increased taxes and reduced spending.
He was a supporter of the Maritime Rights Movement, which advocated more power for the Maritime provinces in Canadian confederation.
Adlai Ewing Stevenson I served as the 23rd Vice President of the United States.
He served three non-consecutive, partial terms in the United States Senate before being elected to two full terms in 1960 and 1966.
Eleven days before his 2002 U.S. Senate election, Wellstone died in a plane crash in Eveleth, Minnesota.
In 1966, Curran was hired as a Political Science instructor at Sinclair Community College in Dayton.
James Allison Glen, PC was a Canadian parliamentarian and Speaker of the Canadian House of Commons from 1940 to 1945.
Hubert Védrine is a French Socialist politician.
He was Minister of Foreign Affairs and European Commissioner for External Relations.
The 1914 provincial election was the start of a watershed period in Manitoba politics.
He served in opposition for the next five years.
On 5 December 1966 he was granted the honorary title of Minister of State, which he held until his death.
He was a Candidate and Full Member of the Politburo of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union.
The police did not do anything to protect these elected officials.
Fresh elections were held six months later.
In January 2012, Kirk suffered a stroke, and a full year passed before he returned to his Senatorial duties.
Ekangaki was born in Nguti, Kumba Division.
A member of the Republican Party, he was the 43rd Governor of Wisconsin, serving from 2001 to 2003.
Boyd refused to vote for Riel as the Convention's leader, and spoke in favour of territorial status.
Queen then defeated Presnell in 2006 and again in 2008.
He was educated at Dundalk CBS and St Patrick's College of Education in Drumcondra, Dublin, where he qualified as a national school teacher.
Originally a high school teacher, he went on to serve as a principal for six years.
On 11 June 2015, Kilman again became Prime Minister.
She was re-elected in the 2015 and 2017 general elections with an increased majority.
Siiri Oviir is an Estonian politician and Member of the European Parliament.
Perry was elected three times to full gubernatorial terms and is the fourth Texas governor to serve three terms.
He was most notably the Minister for Education in the Bracks Government and Treasurer of Victoria in the Brumby Government.
After acknowledging the defeat, he announced he would also be resigning from his post as representative for Buenos Aires, which he did five days later.
At the 2017 general election he lost his seat to Alex Sobel of the Labour Party.
José María Reyna Barrios was President of Guatemala from 15 March 1892 until his death on 8 February 1898.
Wilson became a notable academic, arguing for the superiority of the parliamentary system.
He previously sat as an independent TD, having lost the Fine Gael parliamentary party whip in July 2013.
As a Democratic-Republican he was selected as the fifth Vice President of the United States, serving under James Madison.
In 1967, he received a Public Service Fellowship from the Tuck School of Business.
Originally from Scotland, he made his fame in Montreal and was the first Canadian to be elevated to the Peerage of the United Kingdom.
He was later a United States Representative from Brooklyn.
He joined the Trinity College, Cambridge in 1835 but did not complete his graduation.
She retired from the Senate on November 16, 2005 upon reaching the mandatory retirement age of 75.
He died in 1999, at age 106.
They have four children Stephen, David, Robert and Catherine.
Miguel Ángel Blanco Garrido was a local Spanish politician for the Popular Party-PP, who was kidnapped and subsequently murdered by the separatist group ETA.
He has been a Teachta Dála since 1998, currently for the Cork South-Central constituency.
José Balta y Montero was a Peruvian soldier and politician who served as the 30th President of Peru from 1868 to 1872.
His epithet Fazıl means "wise" in Ottoman Turkish.
He has also traveled extensively to conduct peace negotiations, observe elections, and advance disease prevention and eradication in developing nations.
Molnau announced she would not run for re-election after she sold her farm to developers and would no longer be living in the area she represented.
He was succeeded by Søren Pape Poulsen
Balkenende remained Prime Minister of the Netherlands until the Cabinet Rutte I was installed on 14 October 2010.
On 22 September 2014, Brady was elevated to the House of Lords as a Conservative life peer, taking the title Baroness Brady.
Bertil Gotthard Ohlin was a Swedish economist and politician.
He was subsequently appointed to the board of the Monegasque company Société des Bains de Mer, and he holds the Order of Saint-Charles.
She was also the person "instrumental" in including the prohibition of sex discrimination under Title VII in the Civil Rights Act of 1964.
He is recognised as one of the founding fathers of the European Union.
She was a Liberal member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1987 to 1990.
She was awarded an Officier de la Légion d'honneur by France.
Since 2013, he has been President of the British Academy.
He belied his age by his intense work habits and his uncanny political instinct.
He previously served in the Maryland House of Delegates.
A political science graduate of Catholic University and a former 82nd Airborne Division medic, he is married with two children and three grandchildren.
He ran for the U.S. Senate again in 2014, losing to Democratic incumbent Dick Durbin.
Schwarzenegger subsequently reprised the Terminator character in the franchise's later installments: Terminator 2: Judgment Day, Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines, and Terminator Genisys.
In December 2010, he failed to get a place on Fine Gael ticket in the Galway West constituency for the 2011 general election.
He founded Princeton’s Griswold Center for Economic Policy Studies in 1990.
He previously served as prime minister from 1996 to 1999.
In 2008, Forbes added Mayawati in the 59th place on its list of the 100 most powerful women in the world.
On November 22, 1963, Kennedy was shot in Dallas, Texas, and died the same day while hospitalized; Johnson succeeded Kennedy as president.
In 2004, prosecution of Black began in the United States.
In May 2007 Marta Vincenzi became mayor of Genoa with the Democratic Party.
Rann was often the most popular Premier in the country, with his approach to government generally moderate and crisis-free.
When the 29th Dáil assembled after the 2002 general election he was replaced by Rory O'Hanlon, but was appointed as Leas-Cheann Comhairle for the 29th Dáil.
When the coalition returned to office after the November 1982 election, Cluskey was appointed as Minister for Trade, Commerce and Tourism.
Peter Gary Tatchell is a British human rights campaigner, originally from Australia, best known for his work with LGBT social movements.
He was a member of Parliamentary Committees such as the Public Accounts Committee and Finance Committee.
In 1897 Throssell joined Sir John Forrest's government as Commissioner of Crown Lands, a key responsibility in a rapidly developing colony.
She was the First Lady from 1923 to 1929.
These names reflected Juba's gift for self-promotion.
James T. Luken was an American politician and labor union leader of the Democratic party, who served as mayor of Cincinnati, Ohio, in the 1970s.
In 2013, Jović was appointed as an advisor to then Deputy Defence Minister Marina Pendeš.
After Fidesz attained a parliamentary plurality in the 1998 elections, Orbán governed the country for four years at the head of a right-wing coalition government.
Foreign relations with the United States, Soviet Union, Afghanistan, and India soured as the republicanism and socialism gained popular public attraction at home.
Thorbjørn Jagland is a Norwegian politician from the Labour Party, currently serving his second term as the Secretary General of the Council of Europe.
He was drafted by the Steelers in the first round of the 1974 NFL draft.
He then became a Rhodes Scholar and studied at the University of Oxford, from which he received his D.Phil.
Some reported that he personally killed the Shawnee chief Tecumseh, which he later used to his political advantage.
Van Agt is known for his abilities as a negotiator and debater.
Bell was born in Danville, Kentucky, where he attended public schools and then Centre College, where he graduated in 1828.
He died on 13 May 1875 at Government House, his official residence.
He also served as Commandant of CGSC.
Richard Heales, Victorian colonial politician, was the 4th Premier of Victoria.
Cristobal Montoro Romero is a Spanish People's Party politician.
Following several European Union member states enacting bans on smoking in public places Kyprianou proposed a plan for an EU-wide ban of that kind.
During his youth Ervine was a member of the Ulster Volunteer Force and was imprisoned for possessing bomb-making equipment.
On June 22, 2004, Swan was elected as a New Democrat for the riding of Minto, defeating Liberal Wayne Helgason, 2848 votes to 1616.
William Walton Kitchin was the 52nd Governor of the U.S. state of North Carolina from 1909 to 1913.
On 9 June 2010, Shapps was appointed as a Privy Counsellor.
James Pollock was the 13th Governor of Pennsylvania from 1855 to 1858.
Varun Gandhi is a member of the Nehru-Gandhi family.
His party was defeated by Brian Pallister and the Progressive Conservatives in the Manitoba general election, 2016.
He is a member of the Democratic Party.
Dooge had a profound effect on the debate over climate change, in the world of hydrology and in politics in the formation of the European Union.
He worked at the highest levels of successive French governments, most commonly as foreign minister or in some other diplomatic capacity.
He was elected by the state legislature as a U.S.
After 10 years at the Falklands he was then transferred to the Bahamas to become its governor.
She is the wife of former media baron Conrad Black.
Born in Anchorage, Begich is the son of former U.S. Representative Nick Begich Sr.
Deukmejian was the first and so far the only governor of a U.S. state of Armenian descent.
Michael Anthony Peroutka is a Maryland lawyer, the founder of the Institute on the Constitution.
Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel was the first Deputy Prime Minister of India.
As of 2017, he remains the last head of government not to have previously had a family member in the Dáil.
In 1984, he was elected the seventh Vice-President of India and in 1987, he became the 8th President of India and served from 1987 to 1992.
Robert Herbert Story was a Scottish divine and Principal of the University of Glasgow.
She previously served as the 52nd House Speaker from 2007 to 2011, the only woman to do so.
It is a civil service position, made by an appointment panel.
He was born in Chelsea, England, the son of a Scottish novelist and colonizer, John Galt, by his wife Elizabeth, only daughter of Alexander Tilloch.
Roblin was reluctant to enforce the legislation, however, because his government received significant revenues from the sale of alcohol.
Prior to entering the Senate she was a professor and dean at the University of Alberta's French-language faculty, Faculté Saint-Jean.
He was also Home Minister of India from December 1989 to November 1990.
On 24 June 2014, Jagland was re-elected as Secretary General of the Council of Europe to serve an additional five years.
Reid was one of only three Senators to serve at least eight years as Majority Leader.
Himmler was one of the most powerful men in Nazi Germany and one of the people most directly responsible for the Holocaust.
He served until he was appointed to the Canadian Senate on March 26, 2002.
He was also known as the pioneer of victimology and a vocal opponent of death penalty.
David R. Reville is a former politician in Ontario, Canada.
Lü Buwei was a politician of the Qin state in the Warring States period of ancient China.
He underwent the genpuku coming-of-age ceremony in 1725.
A member of the Social Democratic Party of Austria, he suspended his party membership for the duration of his presidency.
He eventually started his own school of the tea ceremony.
This would be followed by many more rallies, particularly by women groups.
Mikheil Saakashvili is a Ukrainian and former Georgian politician.
Dayton ran unsuccessfully in the U.S. Senate campaign in 1982 against Republican Party incumbent David Durenberger.
She was a member of cabinet in the government of Bob Rae.
Edward Law, 1st Earl of Ellenborough GCB PC was a British Tory politician.
He served as Chief of Staff to two U.S. Vice Presidents – Al Gore and Joe Biden.
He is married, and has one son.
Born in England in 1965, Tuffy was educated at Trinity College, Dublin and the Dublin Institute of Technology.
In 1948 he published the first case book on labor law for use in law schools, a book that was periodically updated and supplemented until 2011.
Abraham van Riebeeck was a merchant with the Dutch East India Company and the Governor-General of the Dutch East Indies from 1709 to 1713.
The leadership convention took place on October 17, 2009.
He publicly warned of an "Iron Curtain" of Soviet influence in Europe and promoted European unity.
Released in 1981 after charges of corruption were dropped, he returned to banking, his previous career.
He later founded The Ashcroft Group, a Washington D.C. lobbying firm.
Surya Thapa was the first Prime Minister under the Panchayat System of Nepal.
He was the Special Representative of the Secretary-General and Head of Mission for the United Nations Mission in Sudan from 2004 until 2006.
He was also the minister of tourism and civil aviation.
Upon his return, Musharraf was disqualified from taking part in the elections by High Court judges in April 2013.
Serge Joyal PC OC OQ is a Canadian Senator.
Sir Fiatau Penitala Teo GCMG ISO MBE was a political figure from the Pacific nation of Tuvalu.
They made their first attempt to seize the Ghibelline fortress of Monaco in 1297, although they did not control it permanently until 1419.
In spite of this he rejoined the party in 2004 and was elected to its leadership in a closely fought intra-party election in late 2009.
Minaker entered cabinet on November 15, 1979 as Minister of Community Services and Corrections.
He opened the 2013–14 budget debate for Congress Party in Parliament.
Jehudi Ashmun was an American religious leader and social reformer who became involved in the American Colonization Society.
He lost to John W. Geary in the 1850 election but ran again in 1851 at the Whigs' insistence.
His son Patrick Norton served as a TD for Kildare from 1965 to 1969.
In addition to serving as Prime Minister, he became Minister of Foreign Affairs on January 6, 2005.
Alexander was first elected to Parliament in the Paisley South by-election in 1997.
The CCF ran only 26 candidates in the election of 1949, and won seven seats.
He co-authored a book advocating universal health care.
After the war, Marshall was assigned as an aide-de-camp to John J. Pershing, who was then serving as the Army's Chief of Staff.
Malini served as chairperson of the National Film Development Corporation.
Eagle served as the Minister of State for Pensions and Ageing Society from June 2009 until May 2010.
He has also been a Member of the Chamber of Deputies since 2006.
In 1892 Gladstone formed his last government at the age of 82.
Sam Kahamba Kutesa is a Ugandan politician and lawyer.
Andreas Schwab is a German politician and Member of the European Parliament for Germany.
She stepped down as the NSNDP's leader and as a member of the legislature in 1994.
After his marriage, Fish returned to New York politics in 1843 and was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives.
Shahabuddin Ahmed is a Bangladeshi politician who served as the 12th President of Bangladesh.
Swan was also appointed to the Residential Tenancies Commission in 2000, and is a member of the Manitoba Running Association.
There she focused on workplace safety issues and on strengthening compliance with wage and hour laws.
He served briefly as Minister for Trade from 1944 to 1945 in the Swedish coalition government during World War II.
Edward Irving Koch was an American lawyer, politician, political commentator, movie critic and reality television arbitrator.
During her lifetime she was often referred to as "Lady Washington".
Upton was born in Kilrush, County Clare and was educated at Coláiste Mhuire, Ennis; University College Galway and University College Dublin.
In October 1974, he was elected mayor of Flin Flon.
Like his "predecessors" Alfred Boyd and Marc-Amable Girard, Clarke was simply a leading minister in a cabinet controlled by the province's Lieutenant Governors.
He served as the 43rd Prime Minister of Belgium serving from 25 April 1974 until he resigned as minister on 20 October 1978.
In 1974, he was made an Officer of the Order of Canada.
Pawar hails from the town of Baramati in the Pune district of Maharashtra.
He competed in the 2004 Romanian presidential election, and ranked fourth with 5.1% of the votes.
Marcil entered federal politics by defeating Bloc Québécois Member of Parliament Daniel Turp in the riding of Beauharnois—Salaberry in the 2000 federal election.
He has two sons and two daughters, of whom, Mahesh Jethmalani and Rani Jethmalani are also well known lawyers.
He represented Kildare from 1932 until his death.
He was the House Republican Conference Chairman from 2007-2009.
He was Premier of Queensland 1919–25, a member of the federal House of Representatives 1927–31, and Federal Treasurer 1929–30 and 1931-32.
He was initially convicted, but his conviction was overturned.
From a young age, he was renowned for his oratorical brilliance, and was chosen as a protégé by David Ben Gurion, Israel's founding father.
He was assassinated for this act by the right-wing terrorist group Organisation Consul.
In 2004 Kroes was selected as European Commissioner for Competition in the First Barroso Commission taking office on 22 November 2004.
Before his appointment, Chris Simpkins was Chief Executive of South Holland District Council in Lincolnshire, England.
Joseph John Bossano is a Gibraltarian politician, and the former leader of the Gibraltar Socialist Labour Party.
He also served as the Deputy Leader of the Liberal Party from 1994 to 2007.
Awake next to her sleeping husband, Aline Chrétien confronted the intruder at their bedroom door.
He is considered to have been one of the principal architects of Belizean independence.
Yoshimune continued to insist on his decision, favoring the Confucian principle of primogeniture; and Ieshige continued in the role of formal head of the shogunate.
It was finally granted on January 15, 1919.
As a female-line great-grandson of a British sovereign, he did not carry out royal or official duties or receive any funds from the Civil List.
Previously he was Vice President of Brazil from 1990 until the resignation of President Fernando Collor de Mello.
He was educated at Institut d'Etudes Politiques de Paris then at the École nationale d'administration.
She started a successful program to deal with contaminated lands in urban areas.
He retained the confidence of Parliament following the October 2012 general election, forming a broad coalition government.
He also serves as Trustee of Rajiv Gandhi Foundation and Rajiv Gandhi Charitable Trust.
Habib Ben Ali Bourguiba was a Tunisian lawyer, nationalist leader and statesman who served as the country's leader from independence in 1956 to 1987.
Born in Houston, Texas, Annette Strauss graduated from the University of Texas at Austin in 1944.
He was re-elected in the 2007 and 2011 provincial elections.
Saddam formally rose to power in 1979, although he had already been the de facto head of Iraq for several years.
A former Vice-Chairperson of the SDLP and Executive member.
He worked as a laboratory technician before getting involved in politics.
As of 2015, Cole – a member of the Chickasaw Nation – is one of only two registered Native Americans in Congress.
Dr. York Chow Yat-Ngok, GBS, SBS, MBE, was the Secretary for Food and Health of Hong Kong and a member of the Executive Council.
After Labour's victory in 1997, he was appointed Chancellor of the Exchequer, becoming the longest-serving holder of that office in modern history.
Thomas M. Tunney is an American entrepreneur and politician from Chicago, Illinois.
Tusk has been involved in Polish politics since the early 1990s, having founded several political parties and held elected office almost continuously since 1991.
Prior to entering politics, she was a managing partner of major Australian law firm Clayton Utz.
Harvey Bernard Gantt is an American architect and Democratic politician active in North Carolina.
During his tenure, he oversaw the privatisation of the then government-owned corporation through a series of public tranche sales.
Bondfield remained active in NUGMW affairs until 1938, and during the Second World War carried out investigations for the Women's Group on Public Welfare.
Roblin was also a more popular figure than Paulley on a personal level.
He is also the founder of the Serbian Progressive Party, and he led the party until his election as President.
Following his service as governor, Holt sat on the boards of both the University of North Carolina and Davidson College.
He ruled as a dictator until his deposition and assassination by members of the Chadian military in 1975.
He received 5,299 votes in a field of six candidates.
Stephen Wallace Dorsey was a Senator from Arkansas.
Critics complained that Cleveland had little imagination and seemed overwhelmed by the nation's economic disasters—depressions and strikes—in his second term.
He is particularly associated with the music of Giuseppe Verdi.
He later established the Reastr Niyum Party but failed to gain any seats in parliament in 1998.
The 1987–1988 academic year at the College of Europe and the 2009–2010 academic year of the European College of Parma were named in his honour.
Reynolds was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a TD for Longford–Westmeath in 1977, and was re-elected at each election until his retirement in 2002.
He also raised and commanded the 1st Battalion Grenadier Guards.
Sulzer won re-election to his Ohio House of Representatives seat in 1998 and 2000.
In 1994, he was appointed Secretary of State for Agriculture and Agri-Food, Fisheries, and Oceans.
In 1870, Bristow was appointed the United States' first U.S.
During the 1960s, however, he became more conservative.
He was appointed the Lithuanian Minister of Foreign Affairs on October 30, 2000, and reappointed on July 5, 2001.
In 2009, Mohácsi requested police protection due to serious threats she had received.
Subsequently, in October 2013, he was removed from the Privy Council.
Gomułka supported Poland's participation in the Warsaw Pact invasion of Czechoslovakia in August 1968.
Mercedes Bresso is an Italian politician and member of the European Parliament.
While his father was appointed minister of the interior, he entered the army, and undertook political missions to Paris and London.
He lives in Baguio with his wife, Gloria, and their children.
Between 1945 and 1989, Piłsudski's person and his record were one of the multiple topics forbidden by the Polish communist regime.
A former journalist, he is married to Caroline Watt.
His heritage spawns from the noble house of “Rauch” literally meaning ‘Smoke’.
O'Brien is a native of Latton, near Ballybay, in County Monaghan.
Daniel Burley Woolfall was the 2nd president of FIFA.
Talat was inaugurated on 25 April 2005, succeeding retiring leader Rauf Denktaş.
He was a Progressive Conservative member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1995 to 1999.
Dimitrios Papadimoulis is a Greek politician and Member of the European Parliament as a member of the European United Left-Nordic Green Left.
Yoshihiko Noda was formally appointed as Prime Minister on 2 September 2011.
Civil war resulted, and Caesar's victory in the war put him in an unrivalled position of power and influence.
Between 1991 and 2000, he was chairman of the CDU/CSU group in the parliament, and from 1998 to 2000 also CDU party chairman.
On the fall of Napoleon he entered the service of his native country.
Late in life he worked to memorialize the Trail, repeatedly retracing the trip of his youth.
He was re-elected at a by-election in January 1986.
Sulzer finished third in the race with just 18 percent of the vote.
By a narrow margin, he became the first Democrat since Andrew Jackson elected to two consecutive terms.
He ran for the United States Senate in 2002, but was defeated by Republican opponent John Cornyn.
He is buried at Poets' Corner in Westminster Abbey.
As minister, Šušak reorganized and modernized the Croatian Army, leading it to a status of a regional power.
He supported Joseph Stalin's purges, and approved thousands of arrests.
Maria Berger is an Austrian politician and currently Judge at the European Court of Justice.
When the war ended he became Finland's leading Social Democratic Party politician, and a strong proponent of the parliamentary system.
As a result of the negative publicity, Hogg did not seek re-election at the 2010 general election.
Jimmy Meng was arrested on federal bribery charges on July 25, 2012.
Globalization and Its Discontents is a book published in 2002 by the 2001 Nobel laureate Joseph E. Stiglitz.
Jewell moved back to New York in 1849, and in 1850 he returned to his father's tannery business having entered into partnership with his father.
Donald Kennedy was born in New York and educated at Harvard University.
Muppavarapu Venkaiah Naidu is an Indian politician and the NDA candidate for the post of Vice President of India.
After graduating from Academy of Arts in 1982, he spent four years in France in order to establish an artistic carrer.
His candidacy received 11% of the votes in March's pre-election poll.
He has also appeared in films and other television shows.
She was also a member of the Delegation for relations with the Mashreq countries.
On February 24, 2014, he registered as a candidate for the 2014 mayoral election.
He was never a cabinet minister under Norquay, and did not run for re-election in 1883.
The ministry which included Clarke was defeated in the legislature in July 1874, when John Norquay's bill for electoral redistribution was defeated.
Also, a President of the European Parliament’s Delegation for Relations with Iraq and President of the Friends of Free Iran Intergroup.
David Réal Caouette was a Canadian politician from Quebec.
Rustam Nurgaliyevich Minnikhanov is a prominent politician and the second and current President of Tatarstan, a federal subject of Russia.
He was appointed Chair of the Committee on Transport, Tourism and Sport in July 2017.
In the Legislature she represented 10 islands and coastal towns.
His grandmother's family are descendants of Peter Stuyvesant, the Dutch colonial Governor of New Amsterdam.
Lougheed was reelected in 1975, 1979 and 1982 provincial elections, winning landslide majorities each time.
Couchepin holds a DEA's degree in Law from the University of Lausanne, is father of three and has two grandchildren.
Throughout history, Dutch political leaders have tended to soothing manners - Den Uyl was one of a relatively few exceptions.
He moved to provincial politics and was elected to the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia in 1901 becoming minister of mines.
After the 2006 elections, Jennings was replaced as lieutenant governor by Jeff Kottkamp, on January 2, 2007.
After that he wrote two more books: Kayal Rang and Rang e Ja'n.
She was appointed Deputy Governor General in 2001 when Sir Charles Antrobus was Governor General.
He is a member of the Conservative People's Party, part of the European People's Party.
Li Zhaoxing is a Chinese diplomat and politician.
Miloš Zeman is the third and current President of the Czech Republic, in office since 8 March 2013.
Brimer is a cousin of the late actor Trey Wilson.
He previously served as the fourth mayor of Nashville and Davidson County, from 1991-99.
From 1982 to 1985 he was the Clerk of the Privy Council and Secretary to the Cabinet.
Sanders was the last Republican to serve as U.S.
Norman Yoshio Mineta is an American politician.
With New Jersey a key state in the upcoming election, McKinley and his close adviser, future senator Mark Hanna, decided to have the convention select Hobart.
Alexander Mikhailovich Gorchakov, was a Russian diplomat and statesman from the Gorchakov princely family.
He joined the Metropolitan Police in 1974 under a graduate scheme, and served 10 years in London.
Kagame previously commanded the rebel force that ended the 1994 Rwandan Genocide.
Doubts regarding the constitutional legitimacy of the succession led to heavy regional pressure being placed on Gnassingbé, and he subsequently resigned on 25 February.
His tenure as Secretary was marked by controversy.
However, on September 23, 2013, Colombia's Prosecutor General dropped the arrest warrant against Restrepo.
When running for office in 1950, Persons gained notoriety by touring the state in a helicopter.
McGregor Lake, a 40 kilometres-long irrigation reservoir in the Oldman River drainage basin, was named for McGregor.
Since 1977 he has worked as a lawyer.
He retired in 2004 and died in 2013.
He was elected to Dáil Éireann at the 1943 general election and sat in opposition alongside his father.
Thurmond represented South Carolina in the United States Senate from 1954 until 2003, at first as a Democrat and, after 1964, as a Republican.
He remained imprisoned at Lokitaung until 1959 and then exiled in Lodwar until 1961.
In 1976, Luken ran in the neighboring 2nd district and unseated Republican incumbent Donald D. Clancy, beginning service in 1977.
She was re-elected to the European Parliament in 2009 and more recently in 2014.
He was re-elected in the 2008 general election.
On June 28, 2011, Woolsey announced that she would not run for re-election in the 2012 election.
Her first husband was an American citizen, Robert Gould Shaw II, and they divorced.
In 1941, he put the island on "war alert" after the Attack on Pearl Harbor.
He was succeeded by Hage Geingob in a cabinet reshuffle after the 2012 SWAPO congress.
A left-leaning populist with little political experience before his mayoral bid, he was one of Portland's most colorful political figures.
Suppressing the Socialist movement in February 1934, he cemented the rule of “austrofascism” through the authoritarian First of May Constitution.
He left the foreign office to join the Movement for the Restoration of Democracy in 1981 and was subsequently arrested.
Frederic Thesiger, 1st Baron Chelmsford PC QC FRS was a British jurist and Conservative politician.
He later worked as Secretary for Juan del Corral and Governor Dionisio Tejada during their dictatorial government over Antioquia.
As Hua faded into political obscurity, he continued to insist on the correctness of Maoist principles.
Stephen Henry Lewis, CC is a Canadian politician, public speaker, broadcaster and diplomat.
William Dennis Weaver was an American actor who was best known for his work in television and films.
He is the founder and chairman of the Kofi Annan Foundation, as well as chairman of The Elders, an international organization founded by Nelson Mandela.
Nathaniel Gorham was a politician and merchant from Massachusetts.
Maneka Sanjay Gandhi is the Indian Union Cabinet Minister for Women & Child Development in the Government of PM Narendra Modi.
HI, was a Pakistani jurist and an academic who served as the Chief Justice of Pakistan from 18 November 1968 till 31 October 1975.
He was a descendant of the samurai of the Seiwa Genji line who had settled in the Ashikaga area of Shimotsuke Province, in present-day Tochigi Prefecture.
Gaston François Marie, Viscount Eyskens was a Christian democratic politician and Prime Minister of Belgium.
In the Senate, Goldsborough served as chairman of the Committee on Claims, and as a member of the Committee on the District of Columbia.
He served in the Virginia legislature before and during the American Revolutionary War, rising to the position of Speaker.
Khamenei then went to serve as the third President of Iran from 1981 to 1989 while becoming a close ally to Khomeini.
Otherwise, they had to use their own clothes and equipment.
William James Pascrell Jr. , is the U.S. Representative for New Jersey's 9th congressional district.
That election was held barely two weeks prior to the assassination of President Kennedy in Dallas, Texas.
He then served as the Governor of Bermuda between 1992 and 1997.
She served as the second elected female Lord Mayor of Belfast from 2009 to 2010.
He was also the Libertarian Party nominee for President of the United States in the 2012 and 2016 elections.
Rifkind was the MP for Edinburgh Pentlands from 1974 to 1997.
He was the son of famous statesman José Maria da Silva Paranhos, Sr.
He went on to succeed Ryzhkov as head of government in the newly established post of Prime Minister of the Soviet Union.
Mark Allen Emmert is the current president of the National Collegiate Athletic Association.
He wrote Siyasatnama, a political treatise that uses historical examples to discuss justice, effective rule, and the role of government in Islamic society.
He was appointed Field Marshal in 1922 at the recommendation of Mustafa Kemal.
In July 1902 he succeeded his uncle as Prime Minister.
Hédard Joseph Robichaud, PC OC was an Acadian-Canadian Member of Parliament, Cabinet member, Senator and the first Acadian to be Lieutenant Governor of New Brunswick.
He resides in San Diego and is married to Cindy Hedgecock.
Selig was previously the team owner and team president of the Milwaukee Brewers.
His 1968 eulogy for his brother Robert and his 1980 rallying cry for modern American liberalism were among his best-known speeches.
Caltrain Baby Bullet MP36PH-3C 925 is named in her honor.
He also designed the Gobrecht Dollar, which was struck in small quantities from 1836 to 1838 and later inspired the Flying Eagle cent.
He was the fourth Prime Minister of Slovenia, from 2002 to 2004.
He was politically active against the Federalist Party program and was elected to the United States Senate in 1793.
He served as a Teachta Dála from 1961 to 1973 and 1977 to 1995.
He spent the rest of his life in opposition, dying in 1810.
He became leader of the People's Party in 2004 and Prime Minister in 2011 following the People's Party landslide victory in that year's general election.
In 2010 he was an unsuccessful candidate for Governor of Minnesota, seeking the Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party nomination.
Mary was involuntarily institutionalized for psychiatric disease ten years after her husband's murder.
On December 17, 2008, President-elect Obama announced he would nominate Salazar as U.S. Secretary of the Interior.
McKean served as President of Delaware, Chief Justice of Pennsylvania, and Governor of Pennsylvania.
Additionally, Penn has taught at the University of Pennsylvania in the Cinema Studies Program as a visiting lecturer.
The Second Home Rule Bill passed the Commons but was defeated in the Lords in 1893.
In the 1888 legislative session alone, he issued more vetoes than the previous ten governors combined.
Merrimon was elected to the U.S. Senate in 1872.
On March 7, 2013, Levin announced that he would not seek a seventh term to the Senate.
Born in Raleigh, North Carolina to a prominent family, Haywood attended the Raleigh Male Academy and graduated from the University of North Carolina in 1819.
Cornelis Jacobsen Mey, was a Dutch explorer, captain and fur trader.
In 2016, his biography, entitled Anything but Khamosh, was released.
She is currently the dean of the Colorado congressional delegation.
In the early 1970s, he began to lease land from neighbors to get started in a row crop operation, often doing custom work for others.
Born in Toronto, Ontario, he was the son of former Prime Minister of Canada Lester B. Pearson and Maryon Pearson.
He was Prime Minister of the Polish government in exile during World War II, and later Deputy Prime Minister in post-war Poland until 1947.
Tony Abbott, who was opposed to the scheme, subsequently challenged Turnbull and defeated him for the leadership by a single vote.
She co-sponsored the European Parliament resolution of 2 April 2009 on European conscience and totalitarianism on behalf of the European People's Party.
Sitting on the opposition bench, she served as the Liberal Critic for Multiculturalism and Citizenship.
She is currently an MSNBC political contributor.
Thomas Ollis "Tom" Hicks, Sr., is an American Private Equity investor and sports team owner living in Dallas, Texas.
In September 2011, Pahor's government lost a confidence vote amidst an economic crisis and political tensions.
Boyd was elected for the riding of St. Andrew's North in Manitoba's first provincial election, defeating fellow government-supporter Donald Gunn by 58 votes to 28.
The Liberals had been in power since 1891 and their majority in the legislature had eroded over time.
Modi, a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party, is a Hindu nationalist and member of the right-wing Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh.
He was elected as Cathaoirleach of the Seanad on 13 September 2007.
Kelly was a Marine Corps Reserve Colonel, Director of Police under the United Nations Mission in Haiti, and an Interpol Vice President.
Turner was Canada's first prime minister born in the United Kingdom since Mackenzie Bowell in 1896.
She ran for and won a full term in 2004.
Ignacy Jan Paderewski, GBE was a Polish pianist and composer, politician and spokesman for Polish independence.
William John McKeag, CM OM CD was a Manitoba politician and office-holder.
He chaired the Supreme Court of Jordan from 1988-1997.
Nye previously served one term in the state Senate.
Manion resigned two months after the election.
He was reelected in a landslide in 2006.
In opposition Cashin changed the name of the People's Party to the Liberal-Labour-Progressive Party before retiring as party leader in 1923.
He was a participant in the 2003 Pro Bowl following the 2002 NFL season.
His district included constituents in Bladen and Cumberland counties.
She died in 1918; he then in 1920 married Elsie Elizabeth Stewart, widow of A.C. Goodfellow.
However, the case was won upon appeal to the Judicial Committee of the British Privy Council—the court of last resort for Canada at that time.
Zell Bryan Miller is an American politician from the U.S. state of Georgia.
He served as a Liberal member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1987 to 1995.
He is also a former journalist for The Economist, development specialist, and communications consultant.
13, which banned the musical works of Mikis Theodorakis.
Her time as First Lady marked a turning point in her life, where she became a national figure.
Thomas O'Hagan, 1st Baron O'Hagan, KP, PC, QC was an Irish lawyer and judge.
Over the next several years, he organized the Milicia Nacionalista, and authored a program for a state ruled by the militia.
He demanded "Free Silver" because he believed it undermined the evil "Money Power" and put more cash in the hands of the common people.
She was the second woman and first Republican woman to defeat an incumbent governor in a general election in the United States.
John Jones Ross, PC was born in Quebec City, Canada.
Taft was born in Cincinnati in 1857.
He was released from prison earlier than that, on January 25, 2011.
Opposition politicians and Western governments have alleged voting irregularities and fraud on each of these occasions.
He moved to Alaska in the late 1950s, becoming a real estate developer and entering politics.
Teresa Fedor is a Democratic member of the Ohio House of Representatives who has represented the 45th District since 2013.
Her district includes constituents in Forsyth county.
Taking over as leader of the Socialist Left Party in 1997, she established an unprecedented level of consensus within the party.
He was a Conservative member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1905 to 1930 who represented the eastern provincial riding of Grenville.
Latortue was the head of the observer mission of La Francophonie in Togo for that country's October 2007 parliamentary election.
Born into slavery in South Carolina, he was freed in the 1840s by his father purchasing the freedom of his entire family and himself.
Johan Nygaardsvold was a Norwegian politician from the Labour Party.
David Charles Onley, CM OOnt was the 28th Lieutenant Governor of Ontario from 2007 until 2014.
He is the only prime minister to have had a sibling and his son in his own cabinet from 2000 to 2003.
However, in 2004, he became the first South Vietnamese leader to return, calling for reconciliation between communists and anti-communists.
This objective first involved the establishment of a new army, the Army of the Andes, in Cuyo Province, Argentina.
Adolph Abramovich Joffe was a Communist revolutionary, a Bolshevik politician and a Soviet diplomat of Karaite descent.
He subsequently bought a ranch near Medicine Hat, and owned 200,000 acres with 10,000 head of cattle and 2,000 horses.
He studied law in the office of John Simcoe Saunders.
She was subsequently elected to the 22nd Seanad Éireann by the Administrative Panel.
In 2000 however, he regained his former position on the New Front banner, receiving an absolute majority of 37 from 51 votes in the Parliament.
Steven Offer is a former politician in Ontario, Canada.
His latest book, about his time in the Senate, was a New York Times Non-Fiction Best Seller.
He is today perhaps best remembered for the various San Francisco lands and landmarks that still bear his name.
He represents the prominent 44th Ward of the city, which includes major tourist destinations, Boystown and Wrigleyville neighborhoods.
Castro was born in Jamaica and educated at the University of León, in Nicaragua, where he graduated as bachelor of philosophy and doctor of law.
The latter district was numbered as the 4th district from 2003 to 2013.
Felix Sharshenbayevich Kulov is a Kyrgyz politician who was Prime Minister of Kyrgyzstan from 2005 to 2007, following the Tulip Revolution.
In November 2010, he was also chosen to hold the additional role of chairman of the Senate Democratic Policy Committee.
Lord Aylestone died in Worthing aged 89.
‘Abd ul-Salam Mohammed ‘Arif Aljumaily was the second President of Iraq from 1963 until his death.
He was the President of the United Nations General Assembly during its 69th session in 2014–2015.
Michael E. Guest was an openly gay U.S.
The judgement confirmed that this was a fundamental right which was not limited by the availability of resources.
Gilbert began her career as a child actress in the late 1960s appearing in numerous commercials and guest starring roles on television.
That year he was appointed as Mayor of New York.
Joseph "Sepp" Blatter is a Swiss football administrator who was the eighth president of FIFA from 1998 to 2015.
He previously served as House Minority Whip from 2009 until 2011.
From 1974 to 1981, he was the chairman of the United States Commission on Civil Rights.
Menendez has pleaded not guilty to all charges.
Harry Robson Lake, a New Zealand politician, served as Minister of Finance for six years in the second National government, in the 1960s.
The Marcos family were forced into exile, and Aquino's widow Corazon was installed as president.
From 1982 to 1985 he headed the defense ministry of SR Bosnia and Herzegovina.
He is a member of the Republican Party and former Chairman of the Committee on Energy and Commerce.
John Keith Riddell is a former politician in Ontario, Canada.
His presidency was a mere figurehead as per the constitution, since the heading of the government's operations remained the authority of prime minister.
Franjo Tuđman was a Croatian politician and historian.
He was held at Sherbro Island before being released in 1944.
The former Canadian private school is now the subject of a class action lawsuit.
Born in Montreal, he was raised in Toronto, graduated at Harbord Collegiate Institute, educated at the University of Toronto and the London School of Economics.
Joseph-François, Marquis Dupleix was Governor-General of French India and rival of Robert Clive.
Following the Soviet Union's dissolution in 1991, Castro led Cuba into its "Special Period" and embraced environmentalist and anti-globalization ideas.
Annette Kay Hurley is a former Australian politician.
Reagan was the First Lady of California when her husband was Governor from 1967 to 1975, and she began to work with the Foster Grandparents Program.
In addition, Mackintosh has overseen new initiatives in aboriginal and community justice, and has made efforts to target organized crime in Manitoba.
Greeley was born to a poor family in Amherst, New Hampshire.
Hubbard died October 8, 1855, in Middletown, Connecticut.
In December 2008, President-elect Barack Obama announced his intention to nominate Solis as the next U.S. Secretary of Labor.
Sulayman was forced to resign following Sidqi's assassination in 1937.
Juan Isidro Jimenes Pereyra was a Dominican political figure.
Gonçalves short tenure as Prime Minister of Portugal was marked by political turmoil and instability.
He was born 23 November 1877 in Kırşova and died 27 April 1905 in the village of Rayçani, both today in Macedonia.
Head and shoulders above them all stood Edward Tiffin.
In 1968, he ran for the presidency again and was elected by defeating incumbent Vice President Hubert Humphrey.
He was reputed to be a respected spearman and swordsman who served the Chiba family in what is today Chiba Prefecture.
A member of the Democratic Party, Akaka was the first U.S.
He holds the distinction of being the first Christian Democratic Appeal Prime Minister of the Netherlands.
Filip Vujanović is the President of Montenegro since 2003.
Later he was named commander of the troops in Morocco and replaced José Sanjurjo in the main directorate of the Civil Guard.
Namely, he previously served as the Minister of Culture, Youth and Sports from 1998 to 2000.
Many accusations have been made about him citing him as an encourager of criminality and 'Gunda Raj' in Bihar.
He is the father of former Conservative MP Francis Maude.
After competitive retirement, he continued to race and became the first man over 40 years old to run a sub-four-minute mile.
She is a former member of the California State Assembly and former Secretary of State of California.
Renaud Denoix de Saint Marc is a French lawyer.
Henry Wheaton was a United States lawyer, jurist and diplomat.
As Secretary of the Navy, Daniels handled policy and formalities in World War I while his top aide Franklin Delano Roosevelt, handled the major wartime decisions.
He was also the first Catholic nominee for President.
She also focused on health care, energy, manufacturing and trade, and telecommunications, serving on the United States House Committee on Energy and Commerce.
Fabian Núñez is an American politician and labor union adviser.
He was politically active, successively, in the Liberal Party, the Liberal Democrats and the Green Party.
Ahmet Necdet Sezer is a Turkish politician who was the tenth President of Turkey, serving from 2000 to 2007.
In 60 BC, Caesar, Crassus, and Pompey formed a political alliance that dominated Roman politics for several years.
He is also the Member of the Scottish Parliament for Perthshire North, having previously represented North Tayside.
He is also the second-ranked member of the Politburo Standing Committee of the Communist Party of China, the de facto top decision-making body of the country.
Negroponte served in the United States Foreign Service from 1960 to 1997.
His preferred weapon was a yari and he was known as "Yari no Mataza", Matazaemon being his common name.
Senator from Kansas from 1969 until 1996, and also served as the leader of the Republican party in the Senate from 1985 until 1996.
He is buried in Mount Royal Cemetery in Montreal.
Farquhar Oliver retired from the legislature in 1967, and died in 1989 at the age of 84.
He resigned as Shadow Home Secretary in October 2016.
He was Lord Lieutenant of Ireland in 1852 and again from 1858 to 1859.
Also during this time, he was president of the UN General Assembly from 1983 to 1984.
Sotomayor was born in The Bronx, New York City, to Puerto Rican-born parents.
Born in 1946 in the Maysan Governorate, Jabr became a Shi'a activist while studying engineering at Baghdad University in the 1970s.
Otto Suhr was a German politician as a member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany.
He is a member of the Republican Party and the Tea Party caucus.
He would serve as Corps Officer of the British Territory for 10 years.
He was a leading proponent of NATO's 2011 military intervention in Libya, and has sent troops to Mali and the Central African Republic.
He was a Member of the European Parliament between 1999 and 2004.
She also sits on the Stratford City Environmental Review panel.
Aaron Burr Jr. was an American politician.
He resigned from both of these positions in May 2010 after becoming Secretary of State for Business, Innovation and Skills in the Cameron–Clegg coalition.
His appointment by Grant was very popular in Maryland whose citizens considered themselves part of the South.
He served as the Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes between 1918 and 1919, and again in 1920, later called Yugoslavia.
Torstein Dahle is a Norwegian politician and economist.
When Kyösti Kallio was elected President in 1937, Cajander was asked as the chairman of the National Progressive Party to form majority government.
He died on 19 April 2009 of cancer.
He is a patron of the Tory Reform Group.
In 2004, President George W. Bush awarded him the Medal of Freedom, the nation’s highest civil award.
Stuart Sinclair Garson, PC, CC, QC was a Canadian politician and lawyer.
Konstantin "Koča" Popović was a Yugoslav communist volunteer in the Spanish Civil War, 1937–1939 and Divisional Commander of the First Proletarian Division of the Yugoslav Partisans.
Throughout his life, Clark was a progressive.
He was a Senator for the Administrative Panel from 2002 to 2007.
She started her political career in 1996, when she was elected to the Kuhmo town council.
He became prime minister when his predecessor, Terepai Maoate, also a member of the DAP, resigned after losing a confidence vote.
He was the seventh and last head of state of South Africa under the apartheid era.
Lance Allan Ito is an American retired judge best known for presiding over the O.J.
Vincent Benoît Camille Peillon was Minister for Education in the French Government.
The revelation that Ceaușescu was responsible resulted in a massive spread of rioting and civil unrest across the country.
Roger Nicholas Edwards, Baron Crickhowell, PC is a British Conservative Party politician and a former Secretary of State for Wales.
Woonton, however, was nearly defeated, and following electoral petitions the result was declared a draw by the court.
Navinchandra Ramgoolam, GCSK, FRCP is a former Prime Minister of Mauritius and leader of the Labour Party.
He flew aboard Soyuz 28 from 2 to 10 March 1978, becoming the first Czechoslovak in space and the only Czech in space.
He was mayor of San Salvador before running for president in 1972.
She is the current dean of Hawaii's Congressional Delegation.
Burrows entered politics in 1892, winning election to the provincial legislature in the riding of Dauphin.
She was expelled from the Reform Party because of alleged vote rigging on 5 June 2013.
On December 29, 1986, Hayden was made an Officer of the Order of Canada.
I'm enriched by their friendship and their support.
Andrew S. Natsios is an American public servant of Greek origin who has served in a number of Massachusetts and high level federal government positions.
First elected in 2001 and re-elected in 2004, So is the longest-serving Lord Mayor of Melbourne, serving for seven-and-a-half years.
His qualities as a diplomat are commended, some noting that his achievements were considerable in light of the weakness of his negotiating position.
His administration also extended the voting franchise to women in 1922.
Guiringaud shot himself on 15 April 1982.
On 22 April 1987 Van Agt resigned as Queen's Commissioner because of criticism on his cooperation with the States-Provincial.
Francesco Crispi was an Italian patriot and statesman.
Elisha Williams was a Congregational minister, legislator, militia soldier, jurist, and rector of Yale College from 1726 to 1739.
In 1890, Leake was elected unopposed to the Legislative Assembly, but he resigned shortly after in order to continue as Crown Solicitor.
His condition was later diagnosed as multiple sclerosis.
For others similarly named, see the John Aird navigation page
He was a disciple of Thakazhi Kesava Panikker, Mathur Kunhupilla Panikker and Ambalappuzha Kunhikrishna Panikker.
Subsequently he has been Leader of the Opposition.
Arnold Brown, OC was the 11th General of The Salvation Army.
John Stephens Wood was an American attorney and politician from the state of Georgia, USA.
Samuel "Sam" Houston was an American politician and soldier, best known for his role in bringing Texas into the United States as a constituent state.
In 1932, Conservative Prime Minister R. B. Bennett appointed Ballantyne to the Canadian Senate.
Academics have attributed the failure of the movement to Boulanger's own weaknesses.
He attended the University of Saskatchewan and the University of Alberta and taught history at the University of Regina, later becoming head of the history department.
He won the Senate seat in 1857, and became one of the candidates for the Republican nomination in the presidential election of 1860.
Born in Hammersmith, he is the second son of veteran Labour MP Tony Benn and educationalist Caroline Benn.
He was succeeded as Prime Minister by his friend and Foreign Minister H. C. Hansen.
He succeeded to the dukedom following the death of his father on 3 May 2004.
He survived the war, but was arrested by the Allies.
He was President of the Australian Council of Trade Unions from 1985 to 1990.
As of 2014 members of his party are encouraging him to run for the Presidency again.
The tragic events forced Gomułka's resignation and retirement.
Five others were nominated from the floor for the position but all declined to stand.
Condoleezza "Condi" Rice is an American political scientist and diplomat.
He built the pier at Watchet harbour, near Orchard Wyndham.
During her husband's frequent interrogations by the SB in the 1980s, she was known to openly taunt officers who came to pick him up.
Kiichi Miyazawa was a Japanese politician and the 78th Japanese Prime Minister serving from 5 November 1991 to 9 August 1993.
She was first elected lieutenant governor in 1998 and reelected 2002 on a ticket with Gov.
She currently is a member of the German Bundestag for the Christian Social Union in Bavaria, part of the European People's Party.
He also continued in his academic pursuits, becoming a fellow of the Royal Society of Canada in 1908 and President of the Society in 1918.
Prior to his election as Lieutenant Governor, Kealoha served a number of years as a legislator on Hawaii island, distinguishing himself as a respected leader.
He is a member of the Hellenic Parliament for the Panhellenic Socialist Movement for the first electoral district of Thessaloniki.
On January 4, 2016, he announced that he would not be seeking another congressional term.
Wetmore crossed the floor and joined the Confederation Party which formed the government in 1866.
Kodjo is currently the President of the Patriotic Pan-African Convergence.
He served as Prime Minister of the Netherlands from July 6, 1971 until May 11, 1973.
He has been a king-maker in leadership races.
Joseph August's grandfather had been Palatine Joseph of Hungary, Palatine and Viceroy of Hungary, a younger son of Emperor Leopold II.
He gave up the education portfolio in June the following year.
She was re-elected in 2012, and 2016 Legislative Council elections.
After Anastas Mikoyan's resignation, Podgorny was voted into office as Chairman of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet.
Due to a fall in the Green vote, he did not retain his seat at the 2004 London Assembly election, leaving Cllr.
He recently won as Congressman for the lone Legislative district of Baguio City this 2010 elections, as the candidate of Lakas-Kampi-CMD.
There was general agreement that Kerferd filled his role as judge with great ability.
He served as Solicitor General of Canada from 1896 to 1902, and as Minister of Justice from 1902 until 1906.
He served as the President pro tempore of the United States Senate in 1857.
He died a year later at his residence in Colombey-les-Deux-Églises, leaving his Presidential memoirs unfinished.
As a result, Abdelaziz Bouteflika was reelected as president with 81.53% of the votes, with Benflis ending as runner-up with 12.18%.
He was born in Croft, Leicestershire, England.
He worked hard to obtain projects for his community including the construction of bridges, lighthouses and the establishment of a ferry service.
John Aaron Rawlins was an officer in the Union Army during the American Civil War and a cabinet officer in the Grant administration.
He revealed the existence of the White House taping system on July 13, 1973, during the Watergate scandal investigation, but had no involvement in the scandal.
He is now Coordinator of Naya Shakti, a newly founded party.
Senator Elizabeth Hanford Dole of North Carolina.
Dharam Singh Narayan Singh was an Indian politician who was the 17th Chief Minister of Karnataka, a state in southern India, from 2004 to 2006.
His firing produced a public relations disaster for Nixon and set in motion impeachment proceedings.
In the 1988 federal election in November 1988, she was elected to the Canadian House of Commons as the Liberal Member of Parliament for Saint-Laurent, Quėbec.
On January 5, 2011, he was sworn in and took seats on the Senate Armed Services; Judiciary; Aging; and Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committees.
During her 2008–2011 parliament term she chaired the parliamentary committee for tracking the progress of Croatia's accession negotiations with the European Union.
He also served as Secretary-General of the DPJ three times.
In 1894 he, along with George E. Vincent, published the first textbook in sociology: An introduction to the study of society.
He has been cited as the most powerful civilian president in history of Pakistan.
He previously served as Prime Minister of the Czech Republic, from 1998 to 2002.
He won the seat for Cardigan in the Canadian House of Commons through a 1981 by-election following the death of Daniel J. MacDonald.
However, Brown was defeated by Republican Pete Wilson, and many considered his political career to be over.
He entered the film industry as a child artist at the age of fourteen with the film Tatamma Kala.
Jan Syrový was a Czechoslovak Army four star general and the prime minister during the Munich Crisis.
Murad Velshi is a former politician in Ontario, Canada.
Giuseppe Piero "Beppe" Grillo is an Italian comedian, actor, blogger, and political activist.
He later was appointed as Treasurer of the United States and served from 1801 to his death in 1828, establishing a record as the longest-serving Treasurer.
He won his second re-election with 78 percent of the vote.
Elbridge Gerry – November 23, 1814) was an American statesman and diplomat.
Stinson was defeated in Winnipeg South Centre in the federal election of 1945, though coming a respectable second to the victorious Liberal candidate.
She addressed the 2004 Democratic National Convention in this post.
His farms were a place where women worked during the First World War as part of the Women's Work on the Land program.
John Phillip "Phil" Gingrey, was the U.S. representative for Georgia's 11th congressional district from 2003 to 2015.
Kaufman, appointed by Governor Ruth Ann Minner to fill the vacancy created by Joe Biden, was not a candidate in the special election.
Born in Clonakilty, County Cork, Ireland, Anglin emigrated at the age of 26 as part of the exodus caused by the Irish Potato Famine.
When long-serving party leader Vernon Treatt announced his resignation in August 1954, Askin put his name forward to replace him.
He ran again for the leadership of the MMF in 2003, but was defeated by David Chartrand.
He was re-elected in the 2007 provincial election.
A Democrat, he is a member of the Kentucky Senate, representing Anderson, Franklin, Woodford, Gallatin and Owen counties.
He is currently a member of the People's Assembly of Abkhazia and Chairman of United Abkhazia.
In 1975, Molina began the first land reform ever in Salvadoran history.
Gilmer's final political office was as the 15th Secretary of the Navy, but he died in an accident ten days after assuming that position.
Root supported Wilson's vision of the League of Nations, but with reservations along the lines proposed by Republican Senator Henry Cabot Lodge.
An inscription on his tomb in Scotland describes him as "The Father of Australia".
He was admitted Gray's Inn, was called to the bar, and made QC in 1971.
On 2 December 2010 Kilman was appointed Prime Minister after Edward Natapei was ousted in a vote of no confidence.
McCrery did not seek reelection in 2008 and was replaced as Representative by John C. Fleming, a fellow Republican.
He supervised the mobilization of the U.S. economy to support the war effort, and also ordered the internment of 100,000 Japanese American civilians.
Sir Billy Mackie Snedden, KCMG, QC was an Australian politician representing the Liberal Party and the 17th Speaker of the Australian House of Representatives.
He was killed in a car accident at Łąkociny, Poland.
Tsunayoshi is known for instituting animal protection laws, particularly for dogs.
He also founded the Glencarnock stock farms of western Canada, and won a number of international livestock prizes.
She replaced a party colleague, Gábor Demszky, on 1 December 2004.
This was also during the time of construction of the Huey P. Long Bridge in Jefferson Parish.
He held the position of head of government since being appointed by the General Council on 27 May 2005 until 5 June 2009.
In 2001 state elections his party won a plurality of the votes, 29.7%.
Clarke was a political spokesman for those members of Manitoba's Métis community who opposed the leadership of Louis Riel.
He voluntarily surrendered to the International Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia in February 2003 but his trial did not begin until November 2007.
Following the expulsion from Tricolour Flame, Romagnoli founded his new political movement, Social Right.
Johnson proved such a liability for the Democrats in the 1836 election that they refused to renominate him for vice-president in 1840.
In 1948, an Italian court sentenced him to 19 years' imprisonment for collaboration with the Nazis, but he was released after serving only four months.
She served in Parliament as a member of the Conservative Party for Plymouth Sutton until 1945, when she was persuaded to step down.
Hamilton played a central role in the Federalist party, which dominated national and state politics until it lost the election of 1800 to Jefferson's Democratic-Republican Party.
Finishing the War as an acting major-general, Game remained in the Royal Air Force after the close of hostilities.
Maximilian Josef Garnerin, Count von Montgelas was a Bavarian statesman, a member of a noble family from the Duchy of Savoy.
He is the nephew of former Clerk of the Privy Council of Canada, the recently retired Senator Michael Pitfield, and retired financier Ward C. Pitfield, Jr..
Under his leadership, the Moderate Party has transformed its policies and oriented itself towards the centre, branding itself "the New Moderates".
Before entering politics, he was an American football offensive tackle in the National Football League, where he played for fourteen seasons.
However, he argued that Spain did not have the right to execute American crew members.
He attended Halifax High School then studied law and was admitted to the bar.
La Trobe was the nephew of British architect Benjamin Henry Latrobe.
Frank Jensen is a Danish politician, member of the Danish Social Democrats, and has been Lord Mayor of Copenhagen since 1 January 2010.
Joseph Franklin Ada, better known as Joseph F. Ada, is a Guamanian politician as the member of Republican Party of Guam.
He was charged with having accepted bribes totaling more than $100,000 while holding office as Baltimore County Executive, Governor of Maryland, and Vice President.
She was First Lady of the United States from Wilson's inauguration in 1913 until her death.
Nagamasu was an accomplished practitioner of the tea ceremony, which he studied under the master, Sen no Rikyū.
He founded a political party, Rally for Mali, in 2001.
He is also a political commentator on The Huckabee Report.
He won the May 2012 Dominican presidential election, defeating Hipolito Mejía with 51% of the votes.
He was Member of the Legislative Assembly from Khed Vidhan Sabha constituency of Ratnagiri District, Maharashtra, India as a member of Shiv Sena.
Upon the return to democracy in 1983, Bielsa worked in a Secretariat of the Ministry of Education in different functions.
He was subsequently re-elected to the FUNCINPEC presidency.
When the Algerian War was ripping apart the unstable Fourth Republic, the National Assembly brought him back to power during the May 1958 crisis.
Following the end of his active political career, De Jong occupied numerous seats on supervisory boards in business and industry.
In recognition of his contribution to public service, he was made an Officer of the Order of Canada in 1974.
She was the first wife of Alabama Governor George Wallace, whom she succeeded as governor because the Alabama constitution forbade consecutive terms.
In 1499, he was imprisoned on charges of espionage, but escaped execution due to his friendship with the vizier, and was released several years later.
His father became a much revered Commissioner in the Army's ranks, and travelled extensively in the interests of the organisation.
He married his second wife, Commissioner Olive Gatrall, in 1970.
Arakawa also was one of the members that spearheaded a movement to create nonpartisan elections for Maui County government seats.
He played an instrumental role in solving the Bosnian War.
After falling out with Nehru, Mukherjee quit the Indian National Congress and founded the right wing nationalist Bharatiya Jana Sangh in 1951.
In the 2004 general election, Abdullah scored a significant victory.
It was a campus tradition to paint messages and clothes on the beloved founder until the donation of "The Rawk" in 1973.
Brogden had a long political career, first elected to state office in 1838 at the age of 22.
He married Soong Ai-ling, the eldest of the three Soong sisters; the other two married Sun Yat-sen and Chiang Kai-shek.
Kerferd served as a judge until his death in 1889 while on holiday at Sorrento, Victoria.
Haughey served as a member of Seanad Éireann from 1987 until 1992.
Additionally, his humanitarian response to the migratory pressures enfolding around Malta led to the first voluntary European migrant burden sharing pact.
Buhari has stated that he takes responsibility for anything over which he presided during his military rule, and that he cannot change the past.
Lars Barfoed is a Danish politician representing the Conservative People's Party and was the party´s leader from 2011 to August 7, 2014.
His term in office lasted just over ten years, beginning December 2001 and ending December 2011.
He was Prime Minister of the Central African Republic from June 2005 to January 2008.
Bourguiba established a presidential system which soon turned to be a twenty-year one-party state dominated by his party, the Socialist Destourian Party.
On 17 January 2017, he was succeeded by Antonio Tajani of the EPP.
Donald Louis Evans was the 34th U.S. Secretary of Commerce.
Daniel Joseph Marion was the Commissioner of the Northwest Territories from March 26, 1999 until March 31, 2000.
He had to resign his candidacy in 1999 after it emerged that he had lied in his 1987 libel case.
Belarus has been labeled "Europe's last dictatorship" by some Western journalists, on account of Lukashenko's self-described authoritarian style of government.
He was the first Roman Catholic to serve as mayor of Philadelphia.
At the time of his retirement, he was 7th most senior Senator as well as second most senior Republican.
He was president of the Senate from 3 October 1968 to 1 October 1992 and, in that capacity, served twice as the country's interim president.
He served as the seventh Governor of Ohio.
Fysh was elected to the Australian House of Representatives in 1901 as a member for Division of Tasmania and was minister without portfolio until 1903.
Azem Shpend Hajdari was the leader of the student movement in 1990–1991 that led to the fall of communism in Albania.
Charles Ellis Schumer is an American politician, the senior United States senator from New York and a member of the Democratic Party.
Bradley is a member of the ReFormers Caucus of Issue One.
Of singularly lazy disposition, he yet possessed considerable tact; he was in fact an Egyptian Lord Melbourne, whose policy was to leave everything alone.
Wattoo was first elected, in 1985, the Speaker of Provincial Assembly of the Punjab, the second largest province of Pakistan.
They were sent for their safety to their mother's family in Connecticut, where they received their educations.
In the 2016 general election Fianna Fáil's performance improved significantly, more than doubling their Dáil representation to 44 seats from 20 in 2011.
During the Second World War, he served in both staff and intelligence positions, reaching the rank of brigadier in his early thirties.
During the thirty-fifth ordinary and the eighth emergency special sessions, from 1980 to 1981, he was President of the United Nations General Assembly.
Willem Drees died on May 14, 1988 at the age of 101 years, 314 days.
Havel's Civic Forum party played a major role in the Velvet Revolution that toppled communism in Czechoslovakia in 1989.
He was named in the 2011 Time 100 as one of the most influential people in the world.
After attaining her master's degree in library science at the University of Texas at Austin, she was employed as a librarian.
After graduating from Harvard College in 1668, Abraham was ordained a minister and he joined his father in New Ark.
A member of the Republican Party, Fallin was elected governor in 2010 and re-elected in 2014.
Chatham was the eldest son of William Pitt, 1st Earl of Chatham.
Born in Geneva in present-day Switzerland, Gallatin immigrated to America in the 1780s and was naturalized in Morgantown, Virginia.
On March 6, 2009, the 11th U.S.
He strengthened his political party, the Union of Democrats for the Republic, to make it a bastion of the Gaullist movement.
Outgoing provincial Liberal leader Murdoch Mackay was defeated in the 1932 election, and McDiarmid was subsequently recognized as the leading Liberal spokesman in the Liberal-Progressive coalition.
In 1970, he became parliamentary secretary to the Minister of Finance.
After Alexei Kosygin's resignation Tikhonov was voted into office as Chairman of the Council of Ministers.
Christine Hart is a former politician in Ontario, Canada.
He remains the only Director to have ever served out his entire tenure.
He expanded his father's shoe store business in Gillette before being elected mayor of Gillette in 1974.
When the country achieved self-government in 1964 Symonette was the first premier.
He was also Commissioner of the Tennessee Department of Conservation from 1953 to 1958, and was a delegate to the state constitutional convention of 1953.
Hanson rejoined One Nation in 2013, becoming leader again the following year.
He was also invited to become a Senior Associate Fellow at the Royal United Services Institute.
Ideologically an African socialist, he was associated with the Négritude movement.
He moved to Holderness in 1775 and was State attorney for three years.
He is president of the Collins 22 Society.
Born Mary Louise Epperson in Eddyville, Iowa, she married medical student Elmer M. Smith while both were studying at the University of Iowa.
He also led various charitable efforts and led peace efforts in the region.
He also served as Secretary of the Treasury from March to November 1881, and from 1889 to 1891.
More opposed the Protestant Reformation, in particular the theology of Martin Luther and William Tyndale.
He served with distinction in the United States Army for 24 years, retiring at the rank of colonel.
Khan Abdul Wali Khan was a British Indian and later Pakistani secular democratic socialist and Pashtun leader, and served as president of National Awami Party.
He integrated his exuberant personality, vast range of interests, and world-famous achievements into a "cowboy" persona defined by robust masculinity.
Currently he serves as a coordinator of the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats for the Euronest Parliamentary Assembly.
He lingered for two and half months before dying, during which his wife stayed at his bedside and received much public sympathy.
His strongly left-wing views were reflected in his poetry.
During his long political career, Cass served as an American ambassador to France, and as a U.S.
He publishes a blog, and is a regular contributor to "The Times" newspaper.
He came to terms with France, which made possible the economic unification of Western Europe.
He fought in the American Revolution and later served as United States Representative, 26th Governor of Georgia, and United States Senator.
He was killed by Khalistani extremists on March 23, 1988.
Aiken was a strong supporter of the small farmer.
Lord Harewood was the eldest nephew of King George VI and was a first cousin of Queen Elizabeth II.
In a ministerial career stretching almost 30 years, he was most notably twice Secretary for Scotland under William Ewart Gladstone and the Earl of Rosebery.
Among many other issues, he urged the settlement of the American West, which he saw as a land of opportunity for the young and the unemployed.
He was a longstanding member of the Southern Rhodesian Legislative Assembly, although his career was interrupted by other posts and by illness.
He is married to Anouki Areshidze, with whom he has three children with.
He was elected to the Bundestag in 1949, and was a member of the Bundestag until 1958 and again from 1969 to 1980.
Þorsteinn Pálsson or Thorsteinn Pálsson is a former Prime Minister of Iceland for the Independence Party.
He condemned human rights violations by US and allied troops in the Combined Joint Task Force 7.
Working in state legal counsel throughout the 1970s, he made an unsuccessful run for Lieutenant Governor of Illinois in 1978.
During the war he served as an army officer in France.
Lyon's vision fused intellectual challenge and moral purpose.
Deva was born in Sri Lanka into a politically active family, and was raised in Britain.
She and her daughter live under armed guard and surveillance cameras.
His main project in this position was to reduce the number of laws and regulations restricting business, especially small business.
She was an American citizen who moved to England at age 26.
After retiring from politics, he developed an expertise in London history and coined the phrase "The Thames is liquid history".
He was elected to one more term in the state legislature in 1886.
He is an MP from Lakatoro on Malekula Island.
He continued to serve as the pro tempore Prime Minister until he was replaced by Janez Janša in February 2012.
He was the great-grandfather of actor William Windom, who was named for him.
Merrick was born in Annapolis, Maryland and completed preparatory studies.
He later expanded to magazines, creating the largest newspaper and magazine business in the world.
Some months after his death he was succeeded by his son Ashikaga Yoshimitsu, who became the third shogun in 1368.
Following an election within the Labour party, he was replaced as Deputy Leader by Harriet Harman.
Allardyce married twice, first to Constance Greene of Melbourne, Australia in 1895.
He was succeeded by Julio Acosta García.
Republican Bill Rabon now holds the seat that Soles held for over three decades; it had not been held by a Republican since 1869.
She was a Past Grand of Lincoln Rebekah Lodge of the Independent Order of Odd Fellows, together with her husband, President Rutherford Hayes.
His supporters have lauded him as a champion of indigenous rights, anti-imperialism, and environmentalism.
Norman Stewart Hughson Lamont, Baron Lamont of Lerwick, PC is a British politician and former Conservative MP for Kingston-upon-Thames.
Sylvia Olga Fedoruk [Fe-doruk],, OC SOM was a Canadian physicist, medical physicist, curler and the 17th Lieutenant Governor of Saskatchewan.
He led the Praja Rajyam Party to emerge as the third largest party during the same election.
Nault also served as Minister of Indian Affairs and Northern Development in the cabinet of Jean Chrétien from 1999 to 2003.
Kalousek was re-elected as MP in the 2013 legislative election but lost the post of Finance Minister.
He is a trustee of the Fundacion IDEAS, Spain's Socialist Party's think tank.
Dixy Lee Ray was an American scientist and politician who served as the 17th Governor of the U.S. state of Washington.
It may be assumed that McMillan had crossed into the opposition by this time.
He opposed the lenient policies of Johnson towards the former Confederate States.
He retired from politics at the 2011 Seanad election.
Derek Fletcher is a former politician in Ontario, Canada.
In 1992, Sulzer entered the Democratic primary contest for the United States House of Representatives in Ohio's sixth congressional district.
He returned to Democratic Party on 7 May 2013 after he left the Socialist Party in March.
Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, consort of Queen Elizabeth II, is his grandson.
Peter Freuchen K. Ittinuar is a Canadian politician.
She has the distinction of being its first justice of Hispanic heritage, the first Latina, its third female justice, and its twelfth Roman Catholic justice.
As a result of the 1926 "King-Byng Affair", Meighen's Conservatives formed a government in which Guthrie served as Minister of Justice and Minister of National Defence.
He was the most recent Socialist mayor of any major American city.
In 1912 he was also appointed the employers' representative in the Court of Arbitration.
Vietnam became internationally isolated during Lê Duẩn's rule.
The former Senator placed fourth in a field of six candidates, losing the February 22, 2011, election to Rahm Emanuel.
Chairman of the City Council in Wilanow;
In 1957, she married Spencer Finney, Jr. and had three children, Sarah "Sally" Finney Timm, Richard Finney, and Mary Finney Holladay.
Dennis Wayne Archer is an American lawyer and politician from Michigan.
Jon B. Erpenbach is a Democratic member of the Wisconsin Senate, representing the 27th District since 1999.
He was elected to the 22nd Seanad by the Labour Panel in September 2002 and re-elected in 2007 and 2011.
She is also known for having chaired the Brundtland Commission which presented the Brundtland Report on sustainable development.
Chen's ancestral home was in Anqing, Anhui, where he established the influential vernacular Chinese periodical New Youth.
He was the head of Kumamoto Domain.
San Francisco, although relatively prosperous in the boom years after World War II, experienced some population loss to outlying suburban areas during Robinson's terms in office.
In December 2008, Noghaideli withdrew into opposition, setting up the Movement for Fair Georgia party.
He became a list-only MP after stepping down as an electorate MP at the 2014 general election.
He was elected to the United States House of Representatives for the First and Second Congresses, serving from March 4, 1789 to March 4, 1793.
Downe moved to Ottawa following the Liberal victory in the 1993 federal election, and served as executive assistant to the Secretary of State for Veterans Affairs.
In July 1901 he moved to Ceylon, where he was appointed Colonial Secretary and Lieutenant-Governor.
The Rhodes government was re-elected in 1928 with a reduced majority.
Brice Lalonde is a former green party leader in France, who ran for President of France in the Presidential elections, 1981.
He has been the CEO and Chairman of American Express since 2001.
In March 2014, he became Chief Executive Officer of Coursera.
Of the 96 sections of his draft, 86 are recognisable in the 128 sections of the final document.
In 1957, he launched the Great Leap Forward campaign that aimed to rapidly transform China's economy from an agrarian economy to an industrial one.
He served in the Red Army from 1938 until 1940.
Netanyahu took part in many missions, including Operation Inferno, Operation Gift and Operation Isotope, during which he was shot in the shoulder.
First elected to the Senate in 1986, he is the Chairman of the Senate Committee on Rules and Administration.
He was succeeded by Teburoro Tito after defeat in a September 1994 election.
Zayas practised law in New York and Florida 1970-74 specializing on corporate law 
Patel was uncompromisingly committed to a vision of an independent Fiji, with full racial integration.
Bettino Ricasoli, 2nd Baron Ricasoli was an Italian statesman.
In 2005 he was re-elected to serve a third term as president and sworn in on August 12, 2005.
In 1853 he married Ann Martindale, with whom he had ten children.
He formed the Black Front, a group intended to split the Nazi Party and take it from the grasp of Hitler.
Franklin was the brother of Meshack Franklin, who also served in Congress.
Prior to becoming a minister, she worked as a journalist at DR, the Danish national broadcaster.
Biya introduced political reforms within the context of a one-party system in the 1980s.
After leaving Parliament, Benn was President of the Stop the War Coalition from 2001 until his death in 2014.
He was the Leader of the Opposition in the 10th Lok Sabha and 14th Lok Sabha.
Hull was the first woman formally elected as Governor of Arizona, and the second woman to serve in the office after Rose Mofford.
James Lanman was an American lawyer and politician from Connecticut who served in the United States Senate.
He was the most senior Labour figure ever to defect to the Conservative party.
The French had lost two-thirds of forces sent to the island in an attempt to suppress the revolution; most died of yellow fever.
When W. S. Loggie died in 1944, his son, J. Kerr Loggie, took over as president of W. S. Loggie and Sons.
Atli Pætursson Dam was Prime Minister of the Faroe Islands on five separate occasions, which is the longest period for any Faroese prime minister.
He was the first commander of The Royal Winnipeg Rifles.
Mark Trevor Phillips, OBE is a British writer, broadcaster and former politician.
Ram Naik is a veteran Indian politician from the BJP, presently the Governor of Uttar Pradesh
He was also Chief Minister of Bhopal, and Cabinet Minister, holding the portfolios of Education, Law, Public Works, Industry and Commerce, National Resources and Separate Revenue.
Ieu Koeus served as Prime Minister of Cambodia for nine days in September 1949.
He is considered, along with Joaquín Balaguer and Juan Bosch, as one of the most prominent Dominican political figures of the 20th century.
Azie Taylor Morton served as Treasurer of the United States during the Carter administration from September 12, 1977 to January 20, 1981.
His birthday, 25 December, was declared "Good Governance Day".
She was acquitted after a highly publicized trial.
He served as Chancellor of the University of Tasmania between 2006 and 2012.
But he refused to request a pardon, thus sacrificing his political future.
He is the current chairman of the House Rules Committee and a former chairman of the National Republican Congressional Committee.
He was MP for Birmingham Sparkbrook for 33 years from 1964 to 1997.
Barbro Holmberg is a Swedish Social Democratic politician.
He was a planter, a Confederate cavalry General in the American Civil War, and later a Congressman from Virginia.
Having returned to Connecticut, Jewell became a wealthy merchant, having invested in the Hartford Evening Post and the Southern New England Telephone Company.
Celso Roberto Pitta do Nascimento was a Brazilian economist and politician.
He served as the fourth Premier of Saskatchewan, and as a minister in the Canadian Cabinet.
On August 17, 1963, he married Christine Ryerson.
David Russell Lange ONZ CH served as the 32nd Prime Minister of New Zealand from 1984 to 1989.
Julie Isabel Bishop is an Australian politician, serving as the Minister for Foreign Affairs since 2013, and the Deputy Leader of the Liberal Party since 2007.
He joined the public service in 1971 and has been Mexico's ambassador to the International Monetary Fund.
After the Japanese surrendered, in 1945, Peng was given command of Communist forces in Northwest China.
Blake was also the founder, in 1856, of the Canadian law firm now known as Blake, Cassels & Graydon LLP.
Lynn Morley Martin is a businesswoman and former United States politician.
In December 2009, he left this party for the Nouveau Centre.
Returning to Hawaii, he earned a law degree and was elected to Hawaii's territorial House of Representatives in 1953, and to the territorial Senate in 1957.
After the Civil War, he supported the Radical Republican program for Reconstruction.
He also served as a Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister for Justice during the early years of his parliamentary career.
Ernst Kaltenbrunner was an Austrian-born senior official of Nazi Germany during World War II.
Robert Treat was an American colonial leader, militia officer and governor of the Connecticut Colony between 1683 and 1698 and the founder of Newark, New Jersey.
In August 1939 he received the post of captain-general of the II Military district and the headquarters of the general staff.
Obama was born in 1961 in Honolulu, Hawaii, two years after the territory was admitted to the Union as the 50th state.
In 2007 she participated in the 7th congress of the European-Union in Maribor, Slovenia.
George Kenneth Butterfield Jr. is a United States Congressman elected in 2004.
She and her husband returned to California, and later moved to New Jersey.
McGovern grew up in Mitchell, South Dakota, where he was a renowned debater.
He was originally a supporter of James II but later supported the Glorious Revolution in 1688.
On 13 May 2015, Cooper announced she would run to be Leader of the Labour Party in the leadership election following the resignation of Ed Miliband.
His body was taken to nearby Fort Yates for burial.
He graduated from the Faculty of Economics at the University of Zagreb in 1966.
Lieutenant General Abid Al-Hamid Mahmud al-Tikriti was an Iraqi military officer under Saddam Hussein's deposed regime.
The first attempt at elections, in November 1987, ended when some three dozen voters were massacred.
From 2011 to 2016, he was the Canadian High Commissioner to the United Kingdom.
In July 2011, he again left the White House to accept a role in the hit television series How I Met Your Mother.
He was the 27th Governor of Nevada from 1999 to 2007.
Avery Brundage was the fifth president of the International Olympic Committee, serving from 1952 to 1972.
In 2012, Santiago became the first Filipina and the first Asian from a developing country to be elected a judge of the International Criminal Court.
When Lloyd George proposed, and the House of Commons passed, the People's Budget of 1909, the Lords rejected it.
Involved with the European Union, he notably presided over the Convention on the Future of Europe that drafted the ill-fated Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe.
In 1960, Ambrose Lindhorst, Walton Bachrach, and Republican operative George Eyrich persuaded Aronoff to run for a seat in the Ohio General Assembly.
He served as a cabinet minister in the government of David Peterson.
Shoygu holds the military rank of General of the Army.
A year later, he died in Lucerne, Switzerland.
He graduated from the 18th intake of Defence Services Academy.
He was succeeded as California's Assemblyman for District 17 by San Francisco Board of Supervisors President David Chiu on December 1, 2014.
He was a minister in the governments of Prime Ministers Bob Hawke and Paul Keating, and was Keating's Deputy Prime Minister from 1995 to 1996.
He represented District 1, the Richmond District neighborhood of San Francisco.
While foreign minister, Ruslan was briefly arrested in August 1956 by the Indonesian military in West Java, and accused of corruption.
Sayyid Ali Hosseini Khamenei is a marja and the second and current Supreme Leader of Iran.
Same-sex marriage was legalised in mid-July 2017.
For several years he was the ranking Republican on the Senate Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry, and chaired the committee during the 109th Congress.
Speaker David J. Carter twice prevented him from asking the question, ruling that English was the only language permitted in the legislature.
He was a member of the Progress Party until he was expelled from the party in 2001.
During his tenure as president of MIT, the Institute moved across the Charles River from Boston to its present campus in Cambridge.
Kaczyński announced his candidacy, replacing his recently deceased brother.
In 1933, he introduced legislation making it illegal to carry a concealed weapon without authorization.
A socialist, he is the head of the Movement for Socialism party.
After his death in 1988, she assumed control of his coffee business and later his political party, the Arnulfista Party.
John Carnell Crosbie, PC, OC, ONL, QC is a retired provincial and federal politician who served as the 12th Lieutenant Governor of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
Vishwanath Pratap Singh, was an Indian politician and government official, the 7th Prime Minister of India from 1989 to 1990.
During the Yeltsin period Yazov was prosecuted and acquitted in 1994.
Charles Henry Hardin was a politician and governor from Missouri, and one of the eight founders of Beta Theta Pi fraternity.
On January 18, 2007, she was named Deputy Leader of the Opposition in the Senate.
Cloud's wife was the former Llewellyn DeWeese; they were married in 1934.
Robert Marion "Rob" McKenna is the former Republican Attorney General of Washington.
Weah moved to Paris Saint-Germain in 1992 where he won Ligue 1 in 1994 and became the top scorer of the 1994–95 UEFA Champions League.
He lost, but the election is widely viewed as fraudulent.
Markey has focused on energy policy and was Chairman of the House Select Committee on Energy Independence and Global Warming from 2007 to 2011.
When other prominent Liberals declined it, the position was offered to Sifton.
In 1990, DiDonato won a seat in the Ohio House of Representatives, serving the 97th district.
Mansfield served as Lord Lieutenant of Clackmannanshire from 1803 until his death.
He was Speaker during the King-Byng Affair of 1926.
He was easily reelected in 1974, 1976, 1978, 1980 and 1982, serving from 1973 to 1985.
Joseph Benedict "Joe" Hockey is the current Ambassador of Australia to the United States.
He lost in a landslide to Amir Dogar, the PTI-backed independent candidate, the party from which he resigned his office.
He was born in Fort William, Ontario.
He is the first chief minister of the state since it was divided.
Later, he served as Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Poland for two terms, from 1922 to 1923, and from 1924 to 1926.
Bolívar is, along with Argentine General José de San Martín, considered one of the great heroes of the Hispanic independence movements of the early 19th century.
Francis Longworth Haszard was a Prince Edward Island politician and jurist, the tenth Premier of Prince Edward Island.
Douglas Alexander Carrothers is a former politician in Ontario, Canada.
Prior to his election to Speaker, he was a member of the Conservative Party.
At the time, Kentucky governors were not eligible for reelection.
Patrick Francis Healy was a Jesuit priest, educator, and the 29th President of Georgetown University, known for expanding the school following the American Civil War.
Kaine was elected Governor of Virginia in 2005 and was in that office from 2006 to 2010.
Grzegorz Bolesław Lato is a retired Polish footballer and manager who played as a winger.
He died in 1992 at the age 84.
He was considered to be one of Canada's foremost constitutional experts.
In 2004–2005, he was the Chief Cabinet Secretary in Junichiro Koizumi's Cabinets, succeeded by Shinzō Abe on 31 October 2005.
He is regarded as the dispenser of rain as well as the zoomorphic representation of the yang masculine power of generation.
María Elena Valenciano Martínez-Orozco is a Spanish politician of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party, part of the Party of European Socialists.
In November 2011, he was extradited to the International Criminal Court, becoming the first head of state to be taken into the court's custody.
Gensui Count Terauchi Masatake, GCB, was a Japanese military officer, proconsul and politician.
Mark Lunsford Pryor is an American politician who served as a United States Senator from Arkansas from 2003 to 2015.
She also was Treasurer when the $5, $10, $20, $50, and $100 notes were redesigned in the 1990s.
Moran is currently a professor of practice in the School of Public and International Affairs in the College of Architecture and Urban Studies at Virginia Tech.
As the Duchess of Devonshire, she garnered much attention and fame in society during her lifetime.
Re-elected in November 2000, he served until his retirement after the 2003 municipal election.
After his electoral defeat in 1989, Léo Piquette stayed active in the francophone community and provincial politics.
Bertrand Hollis Snell represented upstate New York in the United States House of Representatives.
Zoran Lončar is the former Serbian Minister of Education and Minister of Public Administration and Local Self-Government.
Returning to the backbenches, Heath became an active critic of Thatcher's policies.
She was the first African-American woman to be elected to Congress from Ohio.
Timothy Howard "Tim" Bishop is the former U.S. Representative for New York's 1st congressional district, serving from 2003 to 2015.
She is currently a professor at the Haas School of Business of the University of California, Berkeley.
John Gummer stood down from the House of Commons at the 2010 general election and was appointed to the House of Lords as Lord Deben.
Somanahalli Mallaiah Krishna is an Indian politician who served as Minister of External Affairs of India from 2009 to October 2012.
He is the second physician to be elected Governor of Kentucky; the first was Luke P. Blackburn in 1879.
Born to Croatian parents, Schunk lives with her husband of 42 years, William Schunk in Inver Grove Heights, Minnesota; they have a son, Benjamin Schunk.
She is the longest-serving woman in the history of the United States Congress and is the longest-serving senator in Maryland history.
In 2001, he received the Juris Doctor degree from the University of Arkansas School of Law in Fayetteville.
He was the eighth Lieutenant Governor of Alabama and the 36th Governor of Alabama.
He had originally been a Liberal in the 1970s before joining the NDP.
Karen L. Thurman is a former U.S. Representative from Florida.
His government was defeated by the Liberal/National Coalition led by Ted Baillieu.
Critics view him as a dictator whose administration oversaw human-rights abuses, the exodus of a large number of Cubans, and the impoverishment of the country's economy.
Shelley Wellons Moore Capito  is the junior United States Senator from West Virginia.
When Columbus initially landed in Haiti, he had thought he had found India or Asia.
In 1921, President Harding appointed Taft as chief justice, an office he had long sought.
He served as an MLA consecutively from 1983 until his appointment as Lieutenant Governor of Puducherry in 2006.
After selling shares of his corporation worth more than a billion dollars to foreign investors without paying taxes, considerable criticism resulted.
Before that, he served in both houses of the state legislature, and was elected as the Senate Majority Leader by the end of his term.
The James-led government was dogged by charges of corruption and these allegations only increased as their term progressed.
He is a member of the Republican Party.
He also served as president of the Council of State Governments.
She is a member of the Republican Party.
He was one of the first to advocate a republic, an ideal not realized in his lifetime.
As High Representative, Ashton served as the EU's foreign policy chief.
From 1977 to 1993, he served the now-defunct 4th congressional district.
His successful efforts to broker the end of the Russo-Japanese War won him the 1906 Nobel Peace Prize.
Robert Bontine Cunninghame Graham was a Scottish politician, writer, journalist and adventurer.
Émile Jamil Lahoud is a Lebanese politician who was President of Lebanon from 1998 to 2007.
In 1980, he was made an Officer of the Order of Canada.
On 11 February 2011, Vice President Omar Suleiman announced that Mubarak had resigned as president and transferred authority to the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces.
One of Rama's consistent priorities has been to strengthen the economy and democratize the state institutions.
O'Brien was elected to Dáil Éireann on his second attempt at the 1973 general election as a Fine Gael Teachta Dála for the Dublin South-East constituency.
He accordingly moved to Columbus, where he resided for about five years.
Oʻtkir Toʻxtamurodovich Sultonov was the Prime Minister of Uzbekistan from 21 December 1995 until 12 December 2003.
Originally a protégé of Mikhail Gorbachev, Ligachyov became a challenger to his leadership.
He was elected in the northern Ontario riding of Parry Sound in 1981 by a margin of six votes but retained the seat for 20 years.
Willis was sworn in as Minister of Public Works on November 4, 1940.
Sanesue pledged loyalty to Toyotomi Hideyoshi in 1590 during the Siege of Odawara, and served under him in various campaigns such as the Korean campaign.
He quickly rose up the ranks of the party, becoming its spokesman in 1992, under his mentor, Slobodan Milošević, President of Serbia and FR Yugoslavia.
Amin then went into exile, first in Libya and then in Saudi Arabia, where he lived until his death on 16 August 2003.
Under her guidance, the nearly bankrupt Pacific Science Center was transformed from a traditional, exhibit-oriented museum to an interactive learning center, and returned to solvency.
Jane Lesley Aagaard is a former Australian politician.
Although he fought with the Confederacy during the Civil War, Russell and his father were both Unionists.
He practiced law in Athens and became the prosecuting attorney of Athens County from 1902 to 1910.
Given his Youth League experience, Li has generally been considered a political ally of former leader Hu Jintao.
After his defeat, he resumed the practice of law and co-chaired the Aspen Institute Commission on No Child Left Behind Act.
Doria was the sponsor of laws giving New Jersey's public colleges and universities greater autonomy.
In the latter capacity he became known as "Mr Gold."
As an educator and historian, he first postulated the concept of a de-centered movement that would question the totalitarian system and its personality cult.
In 1992, he was appointed Director of Australians for Constitutional Monarchy, a position he held until his election to Parliament in 1994.
He is currently a lobbyist for Pfizer and chairman of QTC Management, a company that works on contracts for the Veterans Affairs Department.
Frank Paul Zeidler was an American Socialist politician and Mayor of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, serving three terms from April 20, 1948 to April 18, 1960.
Entering the Cabinet in 1941, he served as Education Minister.
William Warren Bradley is an American former professional basketball player and politician.
He left that position and went into business as an iron and hardware merchant in 1880.
He has been a member of the Oslo City Council from 1983 to 1993, and again since 1999.
Kosygin, along with Brezhnev and Nikolai Podgorny, the Chairman of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet, was a member of the newly established collective leadership.
Miguel García Granados y Zavala was President of Guatemala from 29 June 1871 to 4 June 1873.
Active throughout her life in progressive Canadian politics, Macphail worked for two separate parties and promoted her ideas through column-writing, activist organizing, and legislation.
Her district includes constituents in Mecklenburg county.
Kerrey was a candidate for the Democratic presidential nomination in 1992.
Forrest eventually resigned as premier in 1901 to enter federal politics, and was initially replaced by George Throssell.
He was appointed to the Senate of Canada on June 26, 2003.
He had a Bachelor in Economics by Fluminense Federal University, master in Economics by University of Leeds and specialist in Advanced Administration by Harvard University.
He was Prime Minister from 1997 to 1999 and was later elected as President in 2005.
Adair was elected to a total of eight terms in the state House of Representatives between 1793 and 1803.
Tavish Hamilton Scott MSP is a Scottish politician and MSP for Shetland.
"Sam" Hoyt III is a Democratic politician and economic development professional from New York State.
In Denmark, she was a member of the Conservative People's Party, and was a member of parliament from 10 January 1984 to 3 October 1990.
After presiding over executions and mass arrests during the Great Purge, Yezhov became a victim of it himself.
Marc Haydel Morial  is an American political and civic leader and the current president of the National Urban League.
He pushed for the establishment of an institution for the deaf at Morganton.
After Rhodes's death in 1902, at the age of 48, he was buried in the Matopos Hills in what is now Zimbabwe.
Fuad Abdullah Chehab was the President of the Lebanese Republic from 1958 to 1964.
Her run for Congress was the result of the decision of Bob Ney to bow out of the race and plead guilty to corruption charges.
He then transferred to Mayville State University, where he graduated with a teaching degree in 1970.
He joined the Hamilton Field Artillery in 1883 and later commanded the 2nd Brigade, Canadian Field Artillery until 1909.
Kitzhaber began his career as an emergency physician before he was elected to the Oregon House of Representatives in 1978.
In 1949, Roblin was elected to the legislature for Winnipeg South as an anti-coalition Progressive Conservative.
Gerald Michael Butts is the senior political adviser to Prime Minister Justin Trudeau.
In autumn 1917 the Riga Temporary Council repeatedly elected Zemgals as the chairman of the city.
He subsequently adopted more orthodox conservative stances and attitudes and largely opposed actions of the Obama administration, especially in regard to foreign policy matters.
Hsieh was the DPP nominee in the 2008 presidential election and was defeated by Ma Ying-jeou.
Jefferson was primarily of English ancestry, born and educated in colonial Virginia.
James Scott "Jim" Brady was an assistant to the U.S. President and White House Press Secretary under President Ronald Reagan.
She was Missouri's first and so far only female Lieutenant Governor.
Sulzer served in the United States Army during the Vietnam War.
He was Leader of the SDLP from 2011–15.
Rising to power through his influence with the Liberal grassroots organisation, he served as President of the Board of Trade in Gladstone's Second Government.
From 1974 to 1984, she starred as Laura Ingalls Wilder on the NBC series Little House on the Prairie.
He ran unsuccessfully for the Democratic Party's nomination for President in the 2000 election.
He was not immediately called into Greenway's cabinet, but was named Provincial Treasurer on May 7, 1889.
His younger daughter, Angela is also an ordained minister, and served as the Youth Pastor of her father's church until late 2006.
Her popularity declined, and her party's candidate José Miguel Alemán lost to the PRD's Torrijos in the subsequent general elections to succeed her.
This was one of the catalysts of the civil rights movement in Northern Ireland.
Maatia Toafa OBE is a Tuvaluan politician, representing Nanumea who served two non-consecutive terms as Prime Minister of Tuvalu.
He is also a Distinguished Visiting Fellow with the Hoover Institution at Stanford University.
Layton died on August 22, 2011, after being diagnosed with cancer.
He was educated at the David Livingstone Memorial Mission and Matopo Mission before matriculating in the Cape Province in 1946.
He stepped down as Railway Commissioner on February 16, 1973, though continuing to hold the Labour portfolio.
He began his career in business, joining his father, Jim Haslam, who was the founder of Pilot Corporation.
He was known to the Native Americans as Don Benito because of his benevolent manner in his treatment of Native American affairs.
In 1829, he was commissioned to rebuild the Fort Gratiot Lighthouse at the entrance to the St. Clair River from Lake Huron.
Rabri Devi is an Indian politician from the state of Bihar.
She left her position in 2011 and the job itself was abolished shortly thereafter.
At home front, he successfully proposed the popular political formula that laid the foundation of constitution in 1956 which made Pakistan a federal parliamentary republic.
He succeeded Peter Minuit, who was recalled by the Dutch West India authorities in Amsterdam for unknown reasons.
He is a Professor of Constitutional Law at the Law School of the Aristotle University of Thessaloniki.
He worked at the Nikola Tesla Electrical Engineering Institute for many years.
He was re-elected as MP in 2010 and 2015, gaining 56% and 56.6% of the votes cast, respectively.
Wall Doxey State Park, a state park in Mississippi, is named after him.
He later coached girls' hockey in Lorette, Manitoba and St. Adolphe.
In January 2017, President Nazarbayev proposed constitutional reforms that would delegate powers to the parliament.
Samvel Babayan, whom he had recently sacked as defence minister, who than was convicted of organising the attack and sentenced to 14 years in prison.
Samuel Locke was a U.S. Congregational clergyman and educator.
He served in this role until 1992, when he became a High Court judge.
In 1911, Lee ran for the position of Governor of Maryland, but lost the Democratic nomination to Arthur Pue Gorman, Jr..
He also served as Minister of State at the Department of Finance from 1973 to 1975.
On 25 December 2015, Chaudhry announced the formation of the Pakistan Justice Democratic Critic Party headed by himself.
Freeman was born in the Wirral, and educated at Whitgift School, Croydon, and Balliol College, Oxford.
Leake first entered parliament in 1886, when he served briefly in the Legislative Council.
He was the son of Hugh le Despenser and was summoned to Parliament by Simon de Montfort.
Thomas Greenway was a Canadian politician, merchant and farmer.
She is a member of the Manitoba legislature, representing the Progressive Conservative Party.
Suleiman Kabalan Frangieh, last name also spelled Frangié, Franjieh, or Franjiyeh, was a Lebanese Maronite politician, President of Lebanon from 1970 to 1976.
On November 7, 1932, the Conservative caucus chose Maurice Duplessis to be leader of the Opposition, replacing Gault.
The reforms aimed to rectify the systemic problems in the economy, particularly the trade imbalance between the provinces and the shogunal areas of Japan.
Suslov lost much of the recognition and influence he had earned following the reshuffle of the Soviet leadership after Stalin's death.
He also wrote the legislation allowing new mothers to stay in the hospital 48 hours after giving birth.
Mehbooba Mufti Sayeed is the current Chief Minister of Jammu and Kashmir, serving since 4 April 2016.
Patterson resigned from cabinet entirely on September 1, 1895, to be sworn in as the new Lieutenant-Governor of Manitoba.
He retired as premier and from politics in 1945 to allow Macdonald to resume his provincial career.
Gore became the Democratic nominee for the 2000 presidential election on August 17, 2000.
Lucius Lyon was a U.S. statesman from the state of Michigan.
He served in that position until 1918 when he was appointed the 12th Lieutenant Governor of Quebec.
In 2007 he was elected Leader of the Liberal Democrats, leading his party into a coalition government with the Conservative Party in 2010.
He was the president of the Social Democratic Party of Bosnia and Herzegovina from 1997 to 2014.
Born in Osage, Iowa, Johanns is the graduate of Saint Mary's University of Minnesota and Creighton University School of Law.
He was Prime Minister of Abkhazia under President Sergei Bagapsh from 13 February 2010 until 27 September 2011.
She is secretary of the Hope Project, a charity that helps people with disabilities.
Luns was one of the most popular Dutch politicians of the time, famous for his dry wit and ready puns.
Beckham ultimately prevailed and Taylor fled the state.
He was killed by a drunk driver in 2015 at the age of 71.
However, in keeping with the mood of the 1960s his government sponsored liberal changes in a number of social areas; they were generally not his initiatives.
Her career in public service ended in the late 1980s when she was indicted on bribery and conspiracy charges.
The elder W. A. Henry served as a cabinet minister in Nova Scotia in governments led by both the Liberals and the Conservatives.
In 1990 he returned to South Africa, and took part in the negotiations that ended apartheid.
Wu announced that he would resign from office following resolution of the 2011 debt ceiling crisis; he submitted his resignation on August 3, 2011.
Laura Miller served as the 58th mayor of Dallas, Texas from 2002 through 2007.
Previously he served as mayor of Newark from 2006 to 2013.
Moeser, formerly chancellor of the University of Nebraska–Lincoln, began his work as chancellor at UNC on August 15, 2000.
In January 2014, she became Prime Minister for a third term in an unopposed election, violating the key rules of the Constitution.
Together, the father and son represented the downtown Toronto, Ontario, riding of St. Andrew, and its successor St. Andrew—St.
He has written several books about political and moral issues.
In the 2002 mayoral election Baptiste faced two fellow councilmen, Democrats Ron Kouchi and Randal Valenciano.
His ancestors were of German Polish descent who had assimilated into Polish society.
Previously, he hosted a conservative talk radio program on KFYI in Phoenix until January 2010, when he resigned due to his run for the U.S. Senate.
He would later remarry, wedding Baroness Antoinette Leykam in 1827 and, after her death in 1829, Countess Melanie Zichy-Ferraris in 1831.
Arthur Maxwell House, OC was a Canadian neurologist and the tenth Lieutenant Governor of Newfoundland and Labrador.
Born in Shediac, New Brunswick, she graduated from Mount Allison University in 1921 with a B.A..
George Dempster of Dunnichen and Skibo FRSE FSA was a Scottish advocate, landowner, agricultural improver and politician.
For much of that period, he was chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs.
O'Neill was married to Betty Hewson on July 29, 1945, and they had two children.
Most importantly, he became chancellor of the University of Alberta, whose earlier founding had been a personal project.
He became the vice-convener of Civil Human Rights Front in 2002.
Fakhruddin Ali Ahmed was the 5th President of India from 1974 to 1977 and also the 2nd President of India to die in office.
He returned to the House of Commons in the 1965 election, and was re-elected in the 1968 election.
John Wayne Mixson is an American politician who served as the 39th Governor of the U.S. state of Florida.
He has also acted as chairman of United Milk Plc and of NFU Corporate.
During his tenure he was one of the key individuals responsible for the restructuring of the military in the new 21st century.
"Turki was not available for comment on his report".
Assisted in part by a growing economy, the War on Poverty helped millions of Americans rise above the poverty line during his administration.
Union Democrats attempted to nominate him for Governor of Kentucky in 1863, but he declined the nomination.
He served as Federal Minister of Justice, Foreign Minister and as Vice Chancellor of Germany in the government of Helmut Kohl.
As a loyal supporter of her friend, Franklin D. Roosevelt, she helped pull the labor movement into the New Deal coalition.
He was born in Monroe, North Carolina.
For almost thirty years he has worked as a journalist, and was the first director of the Studio B independent television, in 1990.
Perkins dealt with many labor questions during World War II, when skilled manpower was vital and women were moving into formerly male jobs.
He first held political office in 1991 when he was elected to Limerick County Council.
The Soviets chose not to renew the deal, saying that the catch they gathered was not worth the licensing see Tabai demanded.
At the outbreak of the Second World War, he was again appointed First Lord of the Admiralty.
After these killings, Buyoya appointed a commission to find a way to mediate the violence.
On August 9, 2011, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid appointed Baucus to the United States Congress Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction.
He attended elementary school in a small parish of Saka, and later continued education in Riga Nikolai Gymnasium.
He has served as the Assembly Republican Leader since January 2012.
Feleknas Uca was at one time the world's only Yazidi parliamentarian until the Iraqi legislature was elected in 2005.
In 1980, Kosygin retired from office due to bad health, dying two months later on 18 December 1980.
Chandler's home in Dorchester, Chandler House or Rocklyn, was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1971.
After he refused to join the Iraqi Army, he was dismissed from his career.
Kiyonaga became a daimyō in 1590, when he was granted the 20,000 koku fief of Iwatsuki.
Iohannis was first elected mayor of the city of Sibiu in 2000, representing the Democratic Forum of Germans in Romania.
The Soviet Union honoured him for the Communist attitude toward property rights expressed in Utopia.
It is the oldest school of its kind in the city that is still in operation.
He was the first Democrat to govern that state since the 1850s.
His last position was as chief of staff for North Carolina Gov.
From 2001 to 2010, he served as president of The New School, a university in New York City.
He was first elected in the 2003 provincial election, and was re-elected in the 2007, 2011, and most recently in 2016.
In the Catalan parliamentary election of 2015 he led the Pro-Independence electoral list, Together for Yes.
In May 2010, he invoked Parliamentary privilege and accused The Irish Times columnist Fintan O'Toole of incitement to riot, which O'Toole denied.
He served as Prime Minister of Egypt three times during his career.
While the Labour Party formed a coalition government with Fianna Fáil, Bhamjee was a backbencher.
Despite strong resistance and fierce opposition from President Zia-ul-Haq, Junejo authorized his Foreign Minister Yakob Khan to sign and ratified the Geneva Accords in 1988.
She is also one of the few remaining MPs who served in the Labour governments of the 1970s.
Nelson was one of the most conservative Democrats in the Senate, frequently voting against his party.
After the end of his second term as Lieutenant Governor, Pritchard went into retirement and became a board member of TVW, Washington's public affairs network.
However, this movement toward free trade angered the conservative agrarian interests, especially the Junkers.
Sir Henry George Ward GCMG was an English diplomat, politician, and colonial administrator.
Oscar Baylin Goodman is an American attorney and politician.
Hughes has twice run unsuccessfully for the leadership of the party and was its unsuccessful candidate for Mayor of London in the 2004 election.
He is also the Secretary-General of the Senegalese Democratic Party and has led the party since it was founded in 1974.
Gary John Joseph Humphries is a Deputy President of the Administrative Appeals Tribunal.
His eldest son, Ian, is a foreign policy expert, and his youngest son, Mark, was the United States Ambassador to Sweden from 2011 to 2015.
Tressel was born in Mentor, Ohio and attended Baldwin–Wallace College, where he played football as quarterback under his father, Lee Tressel.
While in politics Semlin was instrumental in the building and operating of a boarding school in Cache Creek.
In 1962 and 1968, Ocasek ran for a seat in the United States House of Representatives.
Manekshaw was seconded to a planning role during the 1947 Indo-Pakistani War and the Hyderabad crisis, and as a result he never commanded an infantry battalion.
Oscar Traynor was born into a strongly nationalist family in Dublin.
She is a Democratic member of the United States House of Representatives, representing Maine's 1st congressional district since 2009.
He is considered by many to be the father of Albanian Nationalism.
He served almost twenty years in the United States House of Representatives and was U.S. Secretary of Agriculture under President George H. W. Bush.
Markus Pieper is a German politician and Member of the European Parliament for Germany.
He later served as vice-chair of the Senate Standing Committee on Agriculture and Forestry.
Aziz's macroeconomics policies oversaw political stability and economical progress in Pakistan, subsequently ending the "era of stagflation" in 2001.
In November 2014 she was appointed Shadow Secretary of State for International Development.
She was first elected to the Assembly in 2000 and retained her seat in 2004 and 2008.
Zhu retired in 2003 and has not been a public figure since.
He was the leader of the centre-right party Forza Italia from 1994 to 2009, and its successor party The People of Freedom from 2009 to 2013.
While still in high school, DiDonato was elected to the village council of Dennison, Ohio.
This earned him the nickname of "the dog shogun".
Pieter Sjoerds Gerbrandy was a Dutch politician of the Anti-Revolutionary Party.
He is also the founder, president, and only salaried member of the Korean Friendship Association.
He did not create a base of support among the voters, and depended instead on elite elements.
Biddle was twice elected to Congress, as an Anti-Mason, serving from March 4, 1837, until his resignation in 1840.
Ashworth was educated at The King's School, Canterbury and studied agriculture and management at Seale-Hayne College in Devon.
Since November 2013, he has led a revived Forza Italia.
Bates was a captain in the United States Army Reserves after graduating from college and served in Germany.
Rachel Mary Siewert is an Australian Greens politician who was elected to represent Western Australia in the Australian Senate at the 2004 federal election.
James Wickersham was a district judge for Alaska, appointed by U.S. President William McKinley to the Third Judicial District in 1900.
An idol in Africa, Weah has been heavily involved in politics in his homeland Liberia.
He was the Fine Gael Finance Spokesperson in the Seanad.
She was a substitute for Committee on Industry, Research and Energy, substitute for the Delegation to the EU-Mexico Joint Parliamentary Committee.
He was wedded to the Idea of Progress, especially in terms of the liberal freedoms.
Andrew Rainsford Wetmore was a New Brunswick politician, jurist, and a member of a prominent United Empire Loyalist family.
He has written numerous articles about investment, market and housing topics.
Since 2010, he has been Chairman of the Carbon War Room, an independent non-profit organization focused on the global transition to a low-carbon economy.
He lost his seat at the 2011 general election.
Like all previous CCF and ILP leaders in Manitoba, he was elected without opposition.
He was Minister for Foreign Affairs from 2005 to 2007, and was Secretary-General of the Liberal Democratic Party briefly in 2007 and in 2008.
He served as the eighth and tenth Governor of Ohio, first concurrently as Senate Speaker, later elected twice in his own right.
He also served as chairman of the Honolulu City Council.
Johannes Marten den Uijl, known as Joop den Uyl was a Dutch politician of the Labour Party.
Antonio Tajani is an Italian and European politician who has served as President of the European Parliament since January 2017.
Thus, he is the fourth president of German origin from Eastern Europe in the post-communist period, after Rudolf Schuster and Ferenc Mádl and Pál Schmitt.
She was also a permanent chairwoman of the 1976 Democratic National Convention, which met in New York City to nominate the Carter-Mondale ticket.
He held the three responsibilities of Vice Premier, Vice Chairman and Minister of National Defense from 1959 onwards.
He succeeded Chief Sekhonyana Nehemia Maseribane following a by-election and held that post from 1965 to 1986.
Francis was elected as a conservative for Richmond in 1859, and later also represented Warrnambool.
George Howard Ferguson, PC was the ninth Premier of Ontario, Canada from 1923 to 1930.
Kay Rala Xanana Gusmão is an East Timorese politician.
Sarah Boyack is a Scottish Labour politician, formerly constituency MSP for Edinburgh Central in the Scottish Parliament.
Voters were also alienated by Davis's record-breaking fundraising efforts and negative campaigning.
In his youth he fought during World War II as a member of the 10th Zagreb Corps of the Yugoslav partisans.
He is the first Dominican-American member of Congress.
In 1890, Tillman took control of the state Democratic Party, and was elected governor.
He announced his run for a third time in the 2017 election.
He was one of the main architects of the military and political foundations of early modern Japan.
Zahradil also served as Member of Parliament for Prague from 1998 to 2004.
He opposed the country's participation in World War I and its support for the Central Powers.
He was nominated to the Rajya Sabha in 2016 from Punjab before he resigned from the position the same year and quitting the party.
Julio Anguita González is a Spanish communist politician.
He is a member of the Republican Party.
Frank Joseph Gerard Dorsey was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
Jefferson's keen interest in religion and philosophy earned him the presidency of the American Philosophical Society.
Johan Ludwig Mowinckel was born in Bergen, Norway on 22 October 1870.
He served as a political commissar during the Chinese Civil War and the Second Sino-Japanese War.
He later was head of several other ministries, including Education, Agriculture, and Information.
He became the colony's Chief Minister in 1979 and ascended to the position of Prime Minister upon Vanuatu's independence in 1980.
He was the son of farmer Thomas Carling, who emigrated from Etton in Yorkshire, England to Canada in 1818.
Coming from a prosperous background, Manley was a democratic socialist.
He has also served as Lieutenant Governor of Alabama on two separate occasions.
With the support of letter-writing campaigns by various women's groups, she became the Director of Family Allowances, a position that had originally been restricted to males.
He was buried at the United States Air Force Academy Cemetery in Colorado Springs, Colorado.
Inouye was the first Japanese American to serve in the U.S. House of Representatives and later the first in the U.S. Senate.
In the 1918 general election on 14 December he instead stood for and won the seat of Islington North.
Markham was part of General William Tecumseh Sherman's March to the Sea in 1864.
Win Aung was a close associate of former Prime Minister Khin Nyunt, who was among those purged in September 2004.
Richard Graham Corbett is a Member of the European Parliament for the Labour Party for Yorkshire and the Humber.
Repeated crises led to gun running and violence, verging on civil war.
Edward Shortt PC KC was a British lawyer and Liberal Party politician.
The government also passed the Third Reform Act.
He then moved to British Columbia, where he settled in Nanaimo and took employment as assistant manager of the Vancouver Coal Mining & Land Co., Ltd.
Gravel returned to business ventures and went through difficult times, suffering corporate and personal bankruptcies amid poor health.
She is a Filipino politician who has been Governor of Ilocos Norte since 2010.
He established himself as an excellent representative of Australia, and his opinion on Empire matters was highly valued by British ministers.
Bhutto was born in Karachi to a wealthy, politically important family; her father, the PPP leader Zulfikar, was elected Prime Minister in 1973.
In the same year he was one of the signatories of the Dayton Agreement that put an end to the Bosnian War.
In 1988, after just a few years in the U.S. House, Tom DeLay was appointed Deputy Minority Whip.
He argued for more socially responsible economic policies, and was elected in 1995 after campaigning on a platform of healing the "social rift".
She also served as Minister for Culture of Greece from 1992 to 1993.
He represented Dunfermline West in the Scottish Parliament from 1999 to 2007, where he was a member of the Communities Committees of the Parliament.
Taft used his control of the party machinery to gain a bare majority of delegates, and Roosevelt bolted the party.
Pindling was a member of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom, and he was knighted by Queen Elizabeth II in 1983.
Following a period of poor opinion polling, Turnbull challenged and defeated Nelson by four votes and became Leader of the Opposition.
In May 2017, Interpol issued a red notice for the extradition of Ricardo Martinell, installed in Miami.
In October 2010, she was elected to the Shadow Cabinet, and Ed Miliband appointed her Shadow Secretary of State for Communities and Local Government.
Shirley Clarke Franklin is an American politician, a member of the Democratic Party who served as the 58th mayor of Atlanta, Georgia, from 2002 to 2010.
He gained increased visibility through the Cochabamba protests and gas conflict.
An editorial in the Columbus Dispatch declared, “[Eric Fingerhut’s] diplomacy, energy, pragmatism and knowhow will be missed.”
With Philip Parke he established the Cache Creek Hotel.
He was admitted to the Victorian bar in 1866 and practised law before becoming a pastoralist near Hamilton in the Western District.
John Walter Olver is an American politician who was the U.S. Representative for Massachusetts's 1st congressional district from 1991 to 2013.
He ran for mayor in 2002, but lost to incumbent Sharpe James; he ran again in 2006 and won against deputy mayor Ronald Rice.
She is the first person since 1932 to win the presidency of Chile twice in competitive elections.
Sir John Forrest GCMG was an Australian explorer, the first Premier of Western Australia and a cabinet minister in Australia's first federal parliament.
She was awarded the 1995 Sakharov Prize by the European Parliament, but was unable to collect it until her release in 2004.
H. Reuben Cohen, CC ONB QC was a Canadian businessman, lawyer, and the third Chancellor of Dalhousie University.
He was found guilty at a trial, which led to complaints that the justice system had "gone mad".
His son-in-law, Martin J. O'Malley, is the former Governor of Maryland.
Perhaps best known for his role in the 1913 Dublin Lockout, "Big Jim" continues to occupy a significant place in Dublin's collective memory.
He was a Teachta Dála for the Dublin South-Central constituency from 1981 to 2007.
The superior combat school was also founded to form major state officers.
Pearson was a past president of the United Nations Association in Canada.
Ambassador to France and as the 57th Secretary of the Treasury.
Samuel Meredith was an American merchant from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
In 2016, while not a candidate for that year's election, Powell received three electoral votes for the office of President of the United States.
After the start of the Second World War, E.D.
Daniel Ken "Dan" Inouye was a United States Senator from Hawaii from 1963 to 2012.
It also released files pertaining to an extortion threat made against Felt in 1956.
In 2012, she carried an Olympic flame at Cheltenham Racecourse on her horse Toytown.
After his resignation, he was issued a pardon by his successor, Gerald Ford.
On October 1, 1949, Mao proclaimed the foundation of the People's Republic of China, a one-party state controlled by the CPC.
Einars Repše is a Latvian politician, chairman of the Association for Latvian Development.
In early 1621 he had been one of several key leaders on whom Governor Bradford depended after the death of John Carver.
Joseph Austin Currie is a former politician who was elected to the parliaments of both Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland.
He arrived in New Zealand later that year and was commissioned to create art for advertising the country to potential English migrants.
Norman Ernest Wagner, OC was a Canadian archeologist, professor and University president.
Connaughton was born in Mountbellew, County Galway.
She was forced to resign in December 1994 amidst controversy as a result of her views.
Born in London, Ontario, he was the son of Francis Edgar Lawson, a former newspaper reporter, and Lorena Hodgins, a former teacher.
Gilbert Finn, OC was a Canadian businessman and was the 26th Lieutenant Governor of New Brunswick from 1987 to 1994.
Julio Mario Santo Domingo Pumarejo was a Colombian businessman, diplomat and patriarch of the wealthy Santo Domingo family.
Since then he has successfully recovered and resumed his roles.
He was removed by a pro-democracy uprising in 1944, which led to the ten-year Guatemalan Revolution.
He is the present leader of the national conservative Fidesz party, a post he has held since 2003 and, previously, from 1993 to 2000.
Korzeniowski has also been involved in organizations such as the Deer Lodge United Church, the Manitoba Human Rights Committee and the Manitoba Alzheimer's Society.
He was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives in 1992 with 59 percent of the vote.
Smyth served in the Virginia Senate, Virginia House of Delegates, United States House of Representatives and as a general during the War of 1812.
She was the founder and the leader of the Independent Democrats, a South African political party which she formed in 2003 during a floor-crossing window.
William Booth was a British Methodist preacher who founded The Salvation Army and became its first General.
Term-limited by law, he left office on May 3, 2010.
He attended Fort Hays State University and graduated in 1939.
Later, he entered local politics as a trade union organiser.
Restrepo was born in the town of Envigado, Antioquia in the Colombian Mid-west.
McCarthy died at Bethesda Naval Hospital in Bethesda, Maryland on May 2, 1957, at the age of 48.
He also served as the sixth Governor of Utah for eight years, from 1925 to 1933.
In April 1939, following Lyons' death, Menzies was elected leader of the United Australia Party and sworn in as prime minister.
In 2000, Fotyga served as a foreign affairs adviser under then Prime Minister Jerzy Buzek.
Vohor was Minister for Foreign Affairs in the Kilman government at the time of his conviction.
Muriel McQueen Fergusson, PC OC QC was a Canadian Senator and the first woman Speaker of the Senate.
He was extradited to face criminal charges in Peru in September 2007.
On April 6, 2016 he left the Senate Liberal caucus to sit as an Independent.
He was preceded in death by his wife, the former Jane LaFollette and his two brothers: Thornton and Harry Wright III.
Joseph Hiester was the fifth Governor of Pennsylvania from 1820 to 1823.
After a spell as an Independent, he was acquitted of the charges and returned to the Conservative Party in 2014.
Keith Harvey Miller is an American Republican politician from Alaska.
Originally a journalist, Payette became a television host in the 1960s.
He entered private practice before receiving the Republican nomination for his current congressional seat.
In this position, he refrained from taking effective measures to reform the Soviet economy, a need which was strongly evidenced during the early–mid-1980s.
Born in Jalandhar, British India, Sajjad's father went on to serve on Supreme Court.
Erik Hersholt Nielsen PC DFC QC was a Canadian politician, and longtime Progressive Conservative Member of Parliament for Yukon.
After leaving office, Carmona was highly critical of the Bush administration for suppressing scientific findings which conflicted with the Administration's ideological agenda.
On June 30, 1930, King appointed Lemieux to the Canadian Senate, where he served until his death in 1937.
La Trobe was a strong supporter of religious, cultural and educational institutions.
He was also Prime Minister from February 1991 to October 11, 1991.
Sauce Ltd. of Britain and in 1948 the latter's subsidiary Lea & Perrins Ltd. On October 15, 1948, E.D.
He went on to win the largest parliamentary majority as a proportion of seats in Australian political history at the subsequent election.
Glavaš supporters took Osijek-Baranja County while Anto Đapić became mayor of Osijek, thus replacing one of the longest-serving elected officials in recent history of Croatia.
He was elected President under the banner of the Nacionalista Party.
Morgan left the SDLP after seeing out his third term of office.
He was a Federal and state minister for a total of 13 years.
Matineau lost his seat in the 1965 election and was also defeated in his attempt to regain his seat in 1968.
She was appointed Queen's Counsel in 1998.
Aikins was the first president of the Canadian Bar Association, holding that office for 13 years.
In October, 2007, Simpkins was appointed as the Director General of the Royal British Legion.
He served as Chairman of the Republican National Committee from 1993 to 1997.
This faction eventually came out on top after a great deal of internal party strife lasting for much of the 1940s.
He was a member of the European Parliament for the Labour Party from 2004 to 2009.
Davis was born in Dudswell, in the eastern townships of Lower Canada.
Like his friend and ally Andrei Kirilenko, Podgorny climbed up the Soviet hierarchy through the industrial ladder.
Sarah Virginia Brinton, Baroness Brinton, known popularly as Sal Brinton, is the President of the UK Liberal Democrats.
Bernard Sanders is an American politician who has been the junior United States Senator from Vermont since 2007.
In 1878, Patterson resigned his provincial seat to run for the federal House of Commons.
Irakli Alasania is a Georgian politician, soldier and former diplomat who served as the Minister of Defense of Georgia from 2012 to 2014.
His father was a leading Presbyterian in the Confederacy during the Civil War, and Wilson was always a devout Presbyterian and a proud Southerner.
In 2005, he became the first Prime Minister of Vietnam to visit United States, meeting with President George W. Bush.
Years later, he served as Army Chief of Staff under President Ange-Félix Patassé, but he began a rebellion against Patassé in 2001.
At the 1949 federal election, Menzies led the Liberal–Country coalition to victory and returned as prime minister.
Gandhi also presided over a controversial state of emergency from 1975 to 1977 during which she ruled by decree.
He was relieved of responsibility for Sport on January 17, 2001.
He left the position after the election results.
He took the progressive side on certain public issues as well.
He was interred in Puerto Rico, and his tomb is located inside of the Cathedral of San Juan Bautista in San Juan.
Laurence George Decore, CM was a Ukrainian-Canadian lawyer and politician from Alberta.
Peter Victor Ueberroth is an American executive.
The group organised several anti-Western demonstrations, including a banned protest march in London for which Choudary was summoned to appear in court.
Over his career, a prominent Massachusetts anti-slavery politician and spokesperson.
Kruger served until 1883 as a member of an executive triumvirate, then was elected President.
In 1978 he was made an Officer of the Order of Canada and was promoted to Companion in 1980.
Martínez served as Public Finance Minister of Mexico from December 1994 to December 1997.
Senator Robert Love Taylor died in office, Tennessee Governor Ben W. Hooper, a Republican, appointed Sanders to the vacancy.
Sir David Geoffrey Manning, GCMG, KCVO is a former British diplomat, who was the British Ambassador to the United States from 2003 to 2007.
In 1933, President Franklin D. Roosevelt appointed Robinson to direct adjustment of claims of World War I veterans, at the request of the Disabled American Veterans.
Hennessey was a research assistant for the Bipartisan Commission on Entitlement and Tax Reform from June 1994 to January 1995.
He returned to Afghanistan following the Soviet invasion which toppled Amin's rule and placed Babrak Karmal as head of state, party and government.
As a nationalist leader and Prime Minister, he helped to restore civilian government to the country following military rule.
He said that the Bush Administration's reasons for war were "oil and Israel."
A member of the Udall family, he is the son of Stewart Udall, the nephew of Mo Udall, and the cousin of Mark Udall.
Maria Elaine Cantwell  is the junior United States Senator from Washington, serving since 2001.
She previously served as British Columbia's Minister of Finance from 2005 until 2008 in the government of Liberal premier Gordon Campbell.
His administration introduced large-scale changes to welfare, immigration policy, education, and healthcare.
He graduated from Princeton University in 1880 and from the law department of Columbian University in 1882.
Following his loss, he was appointed as a part-time Citizenship Judge by Prime Minister Jean Chrétien.
He also successfully fought for the inclusion of the notwithstanding clause in the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms.
He has been married to his wife, Kathy, since 2001.
She was succeeded in the state Senate by Scott Brown.
She was appointed to the Canadian Senate in 1996 representing Edmonton.
Her second term expired at the end of 2005.
He evaded mass deportations of June 1941, having hid with his family at some forest warden’s home.
Sanjay's widow Maneka Gandhi and son Varun Gandhi are leading politicians in the BJP.
The United States Department of Justice, in addition to several citizens, have filed lawsuits against McCrory and the state.
He was the son of Desmond FitzGerald, the first Minister for External Affairs of the Irish Free State following independence in 1922.
In English texts, his title is often translated as Duke of Otranto.
He lost both times to Republican incumbent William H. Ayres.
Jack Sydney George "Bud" Cullen, PC was a Canadian Federal Court judge and politician.
She is a member of the Democratic Party.
He also organized a peace conference and treaty in Washington D.C. between South American countries and Spain.
Chernenko was also Chairman of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet from 11 April 1984 until his death.
He holds a Ph.D. in Business from the University of Warwick.
After the 2004 presidential election, Karzai was declared winner and became President of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan.
In his memoir, Ventura mentioned that he chose her to "balance out all the testosterone."
Today, as Supreme Leader, Khamenei is the head of state of Iran and the commander-in-chief of its armed forces.
James Gerard Soorley is a former Australian politician.
He then returned to working at Dorsey & Whitney and remained active in the Democratic Party.
He finally was elected to the Kentucky House of Representatives in 1850, but he died on November 19, 1850, just two weeks into his term.
He was also leader of the Social Democratic Union of Macedonia.
Senators since 1977; they were joined by Bob Menendez in January 2006.
He received the most publicity for his tenure as independent counsel while Bill Clinton was U.S. president.
Over the next several years, Musharraf survived a number of assassination attempts.
On April 8, 2008, she won the special election for the vacated United States House of Representatives seat of late Congressman Tom Lantos.
Allan Studholme was a Canadian trade unionist and politician.
She was appointed in 2004 to the Supreme Court of Canada, becoming the first Jewish woman to sit on the Canadian Supreme Court bench.
He spent the rest of his life as chairman of the Canadian Farm Loan Board.
On the home front, he raised income taxes, borrowing billions of dollars through the public's purchase of Liberty Bonds.
As an attorney, she worked with former Vice President Walter Mondale.
On July 4, 2011, she announced that she will not run in the next provincial election.
Jerry Edwin Abramson is a Democratic politician who was the 55th Lieutenant Governor of Kentucky.
He unsuccessfully contested the leadership of Fianna Fáil after the resignation of Brian Cowen, but lost to Micheál Martin.
Malcolm Everard MacLaren Pearson, Baron Pearson of Rannoch is a British businessman and former leader of the UK Independence Party.
Grant Shapps MP is a British Conservative Party politician, former Minister of State at the Department for International Development.
Another part of her platform included "a ceiling on the amount of profit a landlord could make from rents on a building".
Savage's health declined rapidly after Labour's second electoral victory and he died in office.
He had been named president and CEO of The National Post, starting in 2009.
In Enda Kenny's reshuffle in 2004 she took on the Transport portfolio.
Flores served as the first chairwoman of the Christian People's Party from January 2003 until November 2011.
He later wrote a third book, Infiltration, about the SS.
Sir John Cox Bray KCMG JP was a prominent South Australian politician and the first native-born Premier of South Australia.
Sebelius was born in Norton, Kansas, and grew up in the community.
He was knighted in 1902, and stepped down from the Lt.
The union was successful in pressuring fishing companies in Burgeo to negotiate a contract in 1972, and led trawlermen in successful strike action in 1975.
He lost his bid for a full term to Democrat Debra Bowen in November 2006.
Richard John Seddon PC is to date the longest-serving Prime Minister of New Zealand.
Guillermo Ortiz Martínez is the son of Gen. Leopoldo Ortiz Sevilla and Graciela Martínez Ostos and received a B.A.
Konrad Szymański since November 2015 has been the Polish Minister for European Affairs.
Yun Yat, Son Sen and eight of their relatives were executed on June 15, 1997.
Sherlock was re-elected at the February 1982 general election, but lost his seat at the November 1982 general election.
Grimaldo Canella was the youngest son of Otto Canella and Consul of Genoa in 1162, 1170, and 1184.
Roosevelt successfully groomed his close friend, William Howard Taft, and Taft won the 1908 presidential election to succeed him.
A Democrat, he served as the 51st Governor of Missouri and was elected posthumously to the U.S. Senate.
He left home after graduating from school, partly because of an arranged marriage which he rejected.
George Hearst was a wealthy American businessman and United States Senator, and the father of newspaperman William Randolph Hearst.
Adolfo John Canepa, OBE, GMH is a Gibraltarian politician.
He also attended a one-year postgraduate course at the University of Oxford in 1974 and an eight-week Executive Program at Stanford University in 1989.
He also served in the Kansas State Senate.
Faulkner was retained in the Cabinet until 1980 when he was elected Ceann Comhairle of Dáil Éireann.
Hara Takashi was a Japanese politician and the 10th Prime Minister of Japan from 29 September 1918 until his assassination on 4 November 1921.
In 1976, he was appointed to the Cabinet of Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau as Minister of Consumer and Corporate Affairs.
He is perceived as a controversial historical figure in contemporary Hungary.
Takkula enjoys sports, music and culture, and he has written several books and articles.
Giuliani declined all races, and instead remained in the business sector.
He was stripped of his positions by the emperor but later regained his noble rank.
James Cox Aikins, PC was a prominent Canadian politician in the 19th century.
Longworth became Majority Leader of the House in 1923, and Speaker from 1925 to 1931.
He was the second child born on the first kibbutz, but he moved with his family in 1921, and he grew up on a moshav.
He was the fourth Labour Prime Minister of New Zealand.
Within the party, Solheim was considered part of the right wing, and his reforms made him strongly unpopular on the left wing of his own party.
Born in Quebec City, Quebec, he was elected as a Liberal candidate in the riding of Verdun in the 1962 federal election.
Sultan bin Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan is an Emirati politician and member of the Al Nahyan, ruling family of the Abu Dhabi emirate.
He is currently a member of the International Commission on Missing Persons Board of Commissioners and heads a government commission investigating the situation of Norwegian Travellers.
He currently represents the Osaka 8 electoral district.
After having worked briefly as a lecturer at the Government Engineering College, Raipur, he was selected for the Indian Police Service and Indian Administrative Service.
She subsequently ran for, and was elected, leader of the federal New Democratic Party in 1995.
A native of Matsue and graduate of the University of Tokyo, he worked at the Ministry of International Trade and Industry from 1967 to 1986.
James Charles Evers is an American civil rights activist and former politician.
Célestin Leroy Gaombalet is a Central African politician who was Prime Minister of the Central African Republic from 2003 to 2005.
He elected as the Lieutenant Governor from 1979 to 1983 and the fifth Governor of Guam from 1987 to 1995.
Coburn was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives in 1994 as part of the Republican Revolution.
Hays was appointed to the Senate of Canada on the advice of Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau on April 29, 1984, to represent Alberta.
Victor Kennedy "Vic" Copps was a Canadian politician and Mayor of Hamilton.
Abdul Ghani was the president of the Consultative Council from 2003 until his death in 2011.
In January 2007 she was appointed as Justice Minister in the government of Alfred Gusenbauer as Chancellor of Austria.
31 December 1911] – 22 August 1993) was a Kazakh Soviet communist politician.
After much experience at sea, Phillip sailed with the First Fleet as Governor-designate of the proposed British penal colony of New South Wales.
Marijnen became General-Secretary of the Roman Catholic employers' organizations in the Netherlands in 1957.
As Governor Aiken battled the New Deal over its programs for hydroelectric power and flood control in Vermont.
Sir Quett Ketumile Joni Masire, GCMG was the second President of Botswana, in office from 1980 to 1998.
Proinsias De Rossa is an Irish former politician.
He became premier, treasurer and minister for education on 10 August 1904.
He was a son of Irish immigrants, and the only surviving male in the family after cholera killed his father and elder brother.
When the state's neutrality was breached, Buckner accepted a commission in the Confederate Army after declining a similar commission to the Union Army.
After King's famous "I Have A Dream" speech at the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom on August 28, 1963, Mays gave the benediction.
They joined the existing three cadet branches, the gosanke, to which Ieshige's father Yoshimune had been born.
In 2007, he won a second term as lieutenant governor in the October 20, 2007 nonpartisan blanket primary by defeating two Republicans: State Representative Gary J.
Irvine was publicly censured by General Middleton for not attacking Batoche.
He was a sickly child, suffered from epilepsy, and had a strained relationship with his parents.
As the conflict between the branches of government grew, Congress passed the Tenure of Office Act, restricting Johnson's ability to fire Cabinet officials.
Marshall was the Democratic Party's nominee for the United States Senate seat currently held by Republican Richard Burr in the 2010 election, which she lost.
When Johnson was sworn in as vice president in March 1865, he gave a rambling speech, after which he secluded himself to avoid public ridicule.
He was a patron of the martial artist Miyamoto Musashi.
Stonehouse is perhaps best remembered for his unsuccessful attempt at faking his own death in 1974.
He has been an Independent Director of Grupo Aeroportuario Del Sureste SA de CV since April 26, 2010.
Loyalist forces led by Masanori and Yamana Tokiuji captured Kyoto again in July 1353, but were repulsed by Yoshiakira in Aug.
He served as a Teachta Dála for the Dublin South-West constituency from 1981 to 1997.
The rivalry between Peng and Mao culminated in an open confrontation between the two at the 1959 Lushan Conference.
Smerchanski died in Winnipeg at the age of 74.
She served part-time on the Board of Parole of the Department of Justice from 1956 to 1964.
Two of her children by Custis survived to young adulthood.
Melvin Robert "Bom" Laird was an American politician, writer and statesman.
A career diplomat, Wang was previously Vice Minister of Foreign Affairs.
Šarinić had a business career in Paris, France.
He served as its second president from 1851 to 1866, during which its faculty and students were activists for abolition, the Underground Railroad, and universal education.
In 2013, she and her family moved to Shelburne, Vermont.
Leonard Robert Carr, Baron Carr of Hadley, PC was a British Conservative Party politician.
The opposition sought to downplay the growing economy, since they felt that it was only being financed by debt.
On November 5, 2008, Lieberman met with Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid to discuss his future role with the Democratic Party.
Piero Franco Rodolfo Fassino is an Italian politician with the Democratic Party.
The circumstances of his dismissal and the legacy of his government remain a large part of Australian political discourse.
He cultivated contacts to promote British support for Germany.
Pechtold, an art historian by training, worked for Van Stockum's Auctions as a auctioneer from 1992 until 1997.
David Jayne Hill was an American academic, diplomat and author.
He and his family faced political isolation for their support of the opposition in 2009.
He was born in Tawela, a town referring to Halabja.
After his release in 1945, he helped lead the Viet Minh, the Vietnamese independence movement, against the French, until the Geneva Accords were signed in 1954.
She was commonly referred to as the "iron lady" by Chinese media, and was known to be a tough negotiator internationally.
He resigned from Congress on March 20, 2012, in order to focus on his campaign.
The party was essentially a conservative party and swept to power in the 1924 election, weeks after it was formed.
In 1925, he was sent to serve as Chief Side Officer at the International Training College.
Lieberman himself was never a member of that party, but instead remained a registered Democrat while he ran.
He is currently a Co-Chair of Albright Stonebridge Group, a strategic advisory firm,
She has been chairwoman of the European Democratic Party.
Governor is largely ceremonial, and Dumont had very little influence over the Progressive Conservative government of Gary Filmon.
Jacques Demers is a Canadian Senator, former broadcaster and former professional ice hockey head coach.
Labour subsequently allowed him to stand in the Bermondsey by-election in February 1983.
He is noted as being the first Bengali leader of Pakistan who led the country as the second Prime Minister, as well as the second Governor-General.
A Democrat, Montague is best remembered as the first Virginia governor since the American Civil War not to have served in the Confederate military.
He also co-chairs BPC's Democracy Project and co-leads the center's Nutrition and Physical Activity Initiative.
In the area of government reform, Delano opposed Grant's 1872 executive order to implement the recommendations of the first Civil Service Commission.
Napoleon rejected peace and, when he fell in 1814, Talleyrand took charge of the Bourbon restoration based on the principle of legitimacy.
He was often a member of the key Alliance delegations in successive talks about the future of the province, culminating in the Belfast Agreement of 1998.
He was elected and assumed the position in November 2012.
She was a member of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe and of the Assembly of the Western European Union.
Francis Blackburne PC KS was an Irish judge and eventually became Lord Chancellor of Ireland.
Following the restoration of democratic rule in 1974, in the 1975 Junta Trials, he was sentenced to 20 years imprisonment for high treason and mutiny.
Jehan Sadat, a human rights activist, is the widow of Anwar Sadat, and was First Lady of Egypt from 1970 until Sadat's assassination in 1981.
Robert Andrew Stunell, Baron Stunell, Kt, OBE, PC is a Liberal Democrat politician in the United Kingdom.
Before his appointment as a judge he was a professor of law.
In the 2003 Federal Assembly elections, her party lost many voters and the Swiss People's Party became the largest party of Switzerland.
Between 1952 and 1967, he was one of "three principal leaders in Congress state politics."
In 1982 Kohl was elected Chancellor after the liberal Free Democratic Party had switched sides to support the CDU.
Earlier, in an address to the Constituent Congress of the Republic of Colombia, Bolívar stated "Fellow citizens!
He fought the Fenians in Canada, who were Irish Catholics who hated the British and resembled his younger self politically.
Policemen and Kabila's presidential guards were subsequently stationed at every corner that gives entrance to Tshisekedi's residence, placing him under unofficial house arrest.
However, following 17 years as a Minister of State in various administrations, Treacy was not reappointed to a junior ministerial post by then Taoiseach Bertie Ahern.
Hasina is a member of the Council of Women World Leaders, an International network of current and former women presidents and prime ministers.
He introduced important features, such as hydraulic brakes, and greatly strengthened the company’s overseas production.
Françoise David, CQ is a former spokesperson of Québec solidaire – a left-wing, feminist and sovereigntist political party in the province of Quebec, Canada.
Their association began in the 1950s when both were activists for the then-banned Arab Socialist Ba'ath Party.
He was unsuccessful as Golkar's presidential candidate in the 2009 presidential election.
During the Second World War, he carefully avoided the battles over conscription, patriotism and ethnicity that had divided Canada so deeply in the First World War.
He became active in the Republican Party and ran for a U.S. House seat then held by Bob Dole, who was running for Senate in 1968.
Bruce A. McPherson is an American politician who was the 30th California Secretary of State, sworn in March 30, 2005.
In 1180 he married Hawise, daughter and heiress of William, Count of Aumale, a major Yorkshire lord, who had died the previous year.
Caldwell married Minerva Ruffin Cain on December 12, 1840.
Rhodes entered the Cape Parliament in 1880, and a decade later became Prime Minister.
Stephanie Tubbs Jones was a Democratic politician and member of the United States House of Representatives.
He is both the youngest and the second oldest person to have served as Secretary of Defense.
He is the longest-serving member ever of the United States House of Representatives from the state of West Virginia.
He served as Minister for Trade and Customs for a few months in 1904, in the short-lived government of Chris Watson.
Peter William Skinner is a former Member of the European Parliament for the Labour Party for South East England, and convicted fraudster.
His administration was both socialist and nationalist.
Najibullah accused Karmal of trying to wreck his policy of National Reconciliation.
In 1951, less than two years after entering parliament, Hasluck was made Minister for Territories in the government of Robert Menzies.
His accomplishments in strategic warfare, exploration, mathematics and astronomy were of an exceptional level.
A self-proclaimed "plain housewife", she was married to Senator Benigno Aquino, Jr., the staunchest critic of President Marcos.
He holds a Juris Doctor from Harvard Law School and a doctorate in modern history from the University of Göttingen in Germany.
She served as a Teachta Dála for the Wicklow constituency from 1992 to 2011.
Robert Bourke, 1st Baron Connemara, GCIE PC, was a British Conservative politician and colonial administrator.
In the 1988 election, he was re-elected representing Beauséjour.
Many of these are held by Dubai Holding, a company with multi-diversified businesses and investments.
He was also active in civil rights movement and helped found PUCL Bulletin along with Satish Jha and Smitu Kothari.
Hoping eventually to rely on missiles for national defense, Khrushchev ordered major cuts in conventional forces.
Through the Selective Service Act, conscription sent 10,000 freshly trained soldiers to France per day by the summer of 1918.
During his time as Lieutenant Governor, he chaired the Minority Business Enterprise taskforce, actively promoting an expansion of affirmative action in the corporate world.
Niall Blaney is a former elected Irish politician.
In 1799, he was among the instigators of the coup d'état of 18 Brumaire, which brought Napoleon Bonaparte to power.
From September 2011 until February 2012, Tressel was a consultant for the Indianapolis Colts of the National Football League.
He was most commonly referred to as "Vadim", which was a name he selected for himself but not a family name.
After Khrushchev was ousted in 1964, Suslov supported the establishment of a collective leadership.
On February 12, 2007, he was sentenced to death by hanging.
His first term was between April 7, 1879 and August 18, 1879.
Appointed by President George W. Bush in 2002, Carmona left office at the end of July 2006 upon the expiration of his term.
A staunch secessionist, he was mortally wounded during the Battle of Gettysburg while leading his brigade's attack on Union forces not far from Cemetery Ridge.
From 1969 to 1976, Jeffrey was a U.S. Army infantry officer, with service in Germany and Vietnam.
She served as a Teachta Dála from 1982 to 2002 and 2007 to 2011.
Philip Caryl Jessup was a diplomat, scholar, and jurist from New York City.
For the others with the same name, see Alexander Wedderburn.
He also arranged the independence of Burma, and Ceylon.
Yang attended university in Shanghai before studying Marxist theory in Moscow, making him one of the best educated leaders of the early Communist Party of China.
In the first months of his presidency he convened a constitutional conventional, which produced the Constitution of 1859.
In April 2014 an independent investigator cleared Kenny on all 3 charges brought forward by his former employee.
In 1847, Jewell moved to Hartford where he worked for his father's business as a currier.
In this post, he exercised powerful leadership, tempered by charm and tact.
He considered running for Congress as a Republican in the 2014 House elections in Virginia but did not do so.
He spent the rest of the war in a military hospital unable to walk, and suffered pain and partial immobility for the rest of his life.
John Patrick "Pat" Crecine was an American educator and economist who served as President of Georgia Tech, Dean at Carnegie Mellon University, business executive, and professor.
Instead of concentrating on GDP growth in large cities and rich coastal areas, Wen advocated for advancing policies considered more favourable towards farmers and migrant workers.
In most of Croatia, HSLS quickly got the upper hand over its former dissidents, but not in Osijek, where LS was much stronger than HSLS.
Afterwards he took on the titles of Chairman of the Communist Party of China and the Chairman of the Central Military Commission.
In the 1974 primary election, he made an unsuccessful bid for the Republican nomination for Ohio Attorney General.
The district is based in Lancaster and Reading and includes much of Amish country.
Cunningham ran for the United States Senate in 2010,
He centralised the bureaucracy of the Republic and was eventually proclaimed "dictator in perpetuity", giving him additional authority.
Minuit also founded the Delaware colony in the early 1600s.
He is a captain for American Airlines and a strategic advisor to growing companies.
He displayed a strong dedication to a broad vision of market-based liberal democracy and anti-communism.
At Oxford his friends included John Ruskin and Lewis Carroll.
He served as vice-chancellor of the University of Toronto from 1881 to 1900, negotiating the federation of denominational colleges and professional schools into a modern university.
He was the father-in-law of Charles A. Lindbergh.
His party had been increasingly hollowed out, and a major crisis—notably the Easter Rising—was enough to destroy it.
He was appointed as Governor of Zeylan on 24 March 1646 and was Governor until 26 February 1650.
Before joining NASA in 1966, Swigert was a civilian test pilot and fighter pilot in the Air National Guard.
He later took leadership of the fight fought by other party members including Dr. Maurice Cure, Emmanuel Anquetile, Dr. R. Seeneevasen and Dr. Hassenjee.
She won the general election on November 6, 2012, becoming the first female Senator from Massachusetts.
Caoimhghín Ó Caoláin is an Irish Sinn Féin politician and a Teachta Dála for the Cavan–Monaghan constituency, upon being elected at the 1997 general election.
At time of his retirement, Hill was the fourth-most senior Senator.
LF won the Legislative Assembly election, with Marshall as Chief Minister.
A Duma member since 1999, Igor Rodionov was a member of the Committee on National Security and Chairman of the Professional Union of Military Personnel.
He was also held numerous positions in regional and global bodies dealing with constitutional and governance affairs.
He then became a politician of the Democratic Party of Albania.
He became Governor of Tennessee for four years, and was elected by the legislature to the US Senate in 1857.
On February 25, 1890, he married Katherlne J. Bloss in Los Angeles; and they had 2 children, a girl about 1892, and boy about 1894.
Graham Norman Tope, Baron Tope, CBE is a Liberal Democrat politician in the United Kingdom.
Gladstone is consistently ranked as one of Britain's greatest Prime Ministers.
Bhamjee, due to his Indian heritage, was immediately nicknamed "the Indian among the cowboys".
He served as United States Attorney General and Secretary of State under President Grover Cleveland, and in the latter position, briefly, under Cleveland's successor, William McKinley.
A second generation elected office holder, Cheney is the elder daughter of former Vice President Dick Cheney and Lynne Cheney.
Widely known in Indonesia by his initials "SBY", he was sworn into office on 20 October 2004, together with Jusuf Kalla as Vice-President.
He was Premier of Tasmania from 1992 to 1996 and also served as Deputy Premier and Attorney-General.
He became Commissioner in 1984, succeeding Larry O'Brien.
On 29 November 2013 Young announced he would be retiring from the Commons in May 2015 and would not be standing at the next election.
Thomas McKean was an American lawyer and politician from New Castle, in New Castle County, Delaware and Philadelphia.
Kean is a member of the Kean family, one of the oldest and most distinguished American families.
Previously he served as Minister of Communication from 2003 to 2004, in the first government after Saddam Hussein.
She was then elected to the seat in 1990, and reelected in 1992.
Shevah Weiss, is an Israeli political scientist and former politician.
She was the youngest female member of the House, and the first woman elected to the House of Representatives from South Dakota.
A Republican, Hammerschmidt served for 13 terms in the U.S. House of Representatives from the Northwestern Arkansas district before he retired in 1993.
Sergei Shamba is a senior politician from Abkhazia.
Rice was the first female African-American Secretary of State, as well as the second African-American Secretary of State, and the second female Secretary of State.
According to Zen master and intellectual Musō Soseki, who enjoyed his favor and collaborated with him, Takauji had three qualities.
A monarchist, Itō favoured a large, bureaucratic government and opposed the formation of political parties.
Her father is Gunnar H. Eyjólfsson, an actor.
A member of the Democratic Party, Calhoun is the first in a string of Democrat mayors that lasts to the present day.
Beginning as a Radical, he turned more towards the political right in his old age.
Richard Joseph Cashin, PC OC is a lawyer and former Canadian politician and trade union leader.
He has been Florida's Commissioner of Agriculture since 2011.
Stuyvesant's accomplishments as director-general included a great expansion for the settlement of New Amsterdam beyond the southern tip of Manhattan.
He was twice imprisoned by the French during the Tunisian struggle for independence.
Gene Ray Nichol, Jr. was the twenty-seventh president of the College of William & Mary in Williamsburg, Virginia, United States.
Carlos Garcia Camacho was a Guamanian politician and member of the Republican Party.
Baltasar Garzón Real is a Spanish jurist.
Thomas Wolsey was an English churchman, statesman and a cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church.
After the United States entered World War I, Marshall served with Bell while Bell commanded the Department of the East.
He was appointed to the finance ministry in November 2004, and was forced to resign barely 12 weeks later, on Friday, 25 February 2005.
A Boer war hero during the Second Boer War, he would eventually fight to have South Africa become a British Dominion.
Fujimori was specifically found guilty of murder, bodily harm, and two cases of kidnapping.
He was later Governor of Trinidad and Tobago from 1909 to 1916.
Salahaddin Muhammad Bahaaddin Sadiq is a Kurdish Iraqi politician.
He was born the third son of Sanada Yukitaka in 1547, but the exact date is unknown.
She was previously a member of the California State Assembly and Chairwoman of the California Board of Equalization, the nation's only publicly elected tax commission.
Rudy is a General Secretary of Bharatiya Janata Party, a position he will relinquish soon since he has joined the government.
Although an ethnic Fijian, Bavadra had been elected mostly with the support of Indo-Fijians.
Ehrlich supported Donald Trump in the 2016 Presidential election.
Democrat Suzanne Bonamici defeated Republican challenger Rob Cornilles to win this special election.
She is a member of the Swedish Liberal Party, a constituent member of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe.
Known as "Duff," he served as the 14th Premier of Manitoba from 1958 to 1967.
Alvin Hawkins was an American jurist and politician.
Rosas created a cult of personality and his regime became totalitarian in nature, with all aspects of society rigidly controlled.
William Lowndes Calhoun was an American attorney and politician from the state of Georgia who served as the 26th Mayor of Atlanta.
Born in Barcelona, as an infantry officer, he fought in Cuba during the Spanish–American War and received the Cruz del Mérito Militar.
Otto Hofmann was an SS-Obergruppenführer and director of Nazi Germany's "Race and Settlement Main Office".
She has used her skills in Inuktitut throughout her career.
This battle resulted in the death of Tecumseh and the dissolution of the Indian coalition which Tecumseh had led.
In September 2007, Johnson began lobbying for Baker, Donelson, Bearman, Caldwell & Berkowitz, PC in Washington, D.C.
On September 28, Swan dropped out of the leadership race and endorsed Selinger.
In 1962, Nasser began a series of major socialist measures and modernization reforms in Egypt.
He was defeated for reelection in 1862.
At the time of her death, she was the oldest ex-governor in the United States.
John Heddens "Jack" Kingston is the former U.S. representative for Georgia's 1st congressional district in southeast Georgia, serving from 1993 to 2015.
He then served as the 30th Treasurer of Pennsylvania from January 20, 1981, until his death.
For his service to the Austrian Empire he was given the title of Prince in October 1813.
The town of Port Carling, Ontario is also named in his honor as well as the agricultural buildings in Ottawa, Ontario.
Win Aung was a Burmese military officer and politician who served as the 17th Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1998 until 2004.
Nicholas Herbert Stern, Baron Stern of Brentford, CH, FRS, FBA is a British economist and academic.
His term as Secretary General saw the end of the Cold War and the German reunification.
Manuel José Blanco y Calvo de Encalada was a vice-admiral in the Chilean Navy, a political figure, and Chile's first President(1826).
In his mature years, Smith relied on his sons to spearhead new business ventures.
Irena Degutienė is a Lithuanian politician and member of the conservative Homeland Union, currently Speaker of Seimas.
From 1980 to 1996, he was a Justice on the Quebec Superior Court.
Plibersek is married to Michael Coutts-Trotter the Secretary of the New South Wales Department of Family and Community Services.
In 2012, Tong was reelected for a third term, although with a significantly smaller percentage than in the previous two elections.
He previously represented the riding of Calgary Midnapore in the Canadian House of Commons from 1997 until 2016.
Yves Prévost was a politician and lawyer in Quebec, Canada.
In early 2013, he left Bridgewater to become a Senior Research Scholar and Hertog Fellow on National Security Law at Columbia Law School.
He was the Attorney General of Oregon from 1993 to 1997 and an Associate Justice on the Oregon Supreme Court from 1997 to 2001.
Mr. Ortiz Martínez served as the Chairman of the Board of Bank for International Settlements from March 2009 to December 2009.
In the 1960s, the distinguished Rideau Club in Ottawa declined to admit Rasminsky on the account of the fact that he was Jewish.
Chruszcz is a substitute for the Committee on Regional Development and a member of the Delegation for relations with Canada.
His son, Ramzan Kadyrov, who led his father's militia, became one of his successors in March 2007 as the President of the Chechen Republic.
Gandhi attended college in the United Kingdom.
Her father-in-law was the Territorial Governor of Hawai'i Wallace Rider Farrington.
W. S. Loggie's three-story Victorian Mansion on Wellington Street in Chatham is now a cultural centre.
He is remembered for his media campaigns against the Barnes Foundation and the wish to relocate its art collection.
He was appointed mayor by Governor Edmund Andros on October 14, 1676 and served until 1677.
Joan Maetsuycker was the Governor of Zeylan during the Dutch period in Ceylon and Governor-General of the Dutch East Indies from 1653 to 1678.
Even the pro-Liberal Winnipeg Free Press approved of the continuance of his appointment on the recommendation of Prime Minister Arthur Meighen in 1921.
Eagleburger is the only career Foreign Service Officer to have served as Secretary of State.
He was widely regarded as a pro-NATO and pro-West leader who spearheaded a series of political and economic reforms.
He was the first Chinese leader and the second communist leader to be the Time Person of the Year in 1978 and 1985.
This prevented transgender people who do not alter their birth certificates from using the restroom consistent with their gender identity.
As governor, McCord greatly increased funding for education, instituted a state sales tax, and enacted right-to-work legislation.
The parliamentary party met again on 20 September.
The district includes all or portions of ten counties in the northern-central part of the state, including portions of Greensboro and Durham.
In 1997, he was elected to the 21st Seanad by the Administrative Panel.
In Maclaurin's honor, the buildings that surround Killian Court on the oldest part of the campus are sometimes called the Maclaurin Buildings.
He attended Rockport School near Holywood and Campbell College in east Belfast.
He has also been indicted in the past on other criminal charges.
Veríssimo Correia Seabra was a Guinea-Bissau general, known for leading a coup that deposed Kumba Ialá on September 14, 2003.
Although his initial appointment was greeted with skepticism, Aikins proved to be a popular office-holder.
On 1 February 2004, Niazi died in Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan .
From 1995 to 1999, he served two terms as president of the Screen Actors Guild.
On 17 April 2007 it was announced that she would be the Minister for Environment in Matti Vanhanen's second cabinet.
Senator directly elected by the people of a state under the Constitution's provisions.
He was Lieutenant Governor from October 1, 1939 to May 30, 1945.
Glynn punched Tommy Wright, a former Fianna Fáil councillor, in the face after an exchange of words on 25 May 2008.
In 1966, he was elected to a four-year term as president of the National Council of Churches, the leading Christian ecumenical organization in the United States.
He is a member of the economics department at UWO and continues to supervise theses and publish articles.
Humphrey served as mayor from 1945 to 1948, he was reelected and became the co-founder of the liberal anti-communist group Americans for Democratic Action in 1947.
Edward Nipake Natapei Tuta Fanua`araki was a politician from Vanuatu.
February 2009 and has been a member of the Althing since 1999.
A coalition of Liberals and Progressives won this election, and Wiebe served as a backbench supporter of John Bracken's coalition government for the next four years.
In 1888, Prior won a seat in the Canadian House of Commons as a Conservative.
Roger Stuart Bacon is a retired Nova Scotia politician who was the 21st Premier of Nova Scotia from 1990 to 1991.
He was bedridden in his final years and died on 14 May 2010.
Vanhanen is the son of professor Tatu Vanhanen and Anni Tiihonen.
Clay ran for president in 1824 and lost, finishing fourth in a four-man contest.
In 2008 he was refused registration as a candidate in the election of President of Russia.
Ruslan died in June 2005 after suffering from stroke and pneumonia.
He served in the Connecticut House of Representatives from 1984 to 1987, when he was elected to the Connecticut Senate.
He suspended his campaign on February 1, 2016 and became an active supporter of Donald Trump.
He founded the Taliban in 1994 and by 1995 had captured much of Afghanistan; in September 1996 the Taliban took Kabul, the country's capital.
He has been criticised as being opportunistic because of this.
He was awarded as the Philippines' Ten Most Outstanding Congressman for two times during his 9 year-tenure.
Run-off elections for the Chamber of Deputies of Haiti were held on 21 April 2006.
Mary Mason Lyon was an American pioneer in women's education.
He was also Global Head of Government Relations of Allianz SE from March 2008 until December 2014.
Shamir was the country's third longest-serving prime minister after David Ben-Gurion and Benjamin Netanyahu.
In 2009, he was promoted again to become Secretary of State for Health.
She married Michael Aris in 1972, and gave birth to two children.
He was an economist and a full member of both the Slovene Academy of Sciences and Arts and Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts.
He was a Union cabinet Minister as well as member of several parliamentary committees.
He was the son of Robert George Grosvenor, 5th Duke of Westminster and Viola Grosvenor.
His son is retired Toronto Maple Leafs forward Chad Kilger.
Roberto Vigoreaux Lorenzana is a Puerto Rican producer, TV show host, actor, singer, and former Senator.
As such, he is the second longest serving PM in Japanese history and the first Prime Minister to have been born in the 20th century.
In 1969, Jacob was appointed, by the Supreme Court, as counsel for petitioner in Kaufman v. United States case.
This second stint in Cabinet ended with the defeat of the Meighen government in that fall's election.
As IDF forces remained mired in Lebanon and the economy suffered from hyperinflation, the public pressure on Begin mounted.
Andrew continued to reside at Milford, loyal to his congregation, teaching the senior students there.
He was reelected the same year and served from November 25, 1806 to March 3, 1813.
He was portrayed in a negative manner in Ryōtarō Shiba's novel Saka no ue no kumo.
Clive was one of the most controversial figures in all British military history.
He led on tax reform, civil rights, and financial transparency for public officials, maintaining an outstanding reputation for personal integrity.
Ignacy Mościcki was a Polish chemist, politician, and President of Poland from 1926 to 1939.
The following year he was named mayor of Zagreb, a post he held until 1963.
The duo were overwhelmingly re-elected in 1941.
He is most notable for securing victory of the Unionist Party through changing the election law and terrorising those who were able to vote.
Sometimes derisively known as King Dick for his autocratic style, Seddon dominated the Liberal government for thirteen years, achieving many social and economic changes.
Mark Morrow is a politician in Ontario, Canada.
After about two months, he was killed by the Japanese forces for refusing to cooperate during their occupation of the country.
He was a Member of the European Parliament for the Dublin constituency from 2004 to 2014.
She was succeeded by Audun Lysbakken on 11 March 2012.
She served as president of the North Peel unit of the Canadian Cancer Society in the 1980s and as president of her Liberal riding association.
He added "Itno" to his surname in January 2006.
After completing his schooling in Tanganyika, he studied at Makerere College in Uganda and then Edinburgh University in Britain.
Fish's male descendants would later serve in the U.S. House of Representatives for three generations.
For the 124th Ohio General Assembly, Clancy was named as majority leader of the House.
The championship trophy of the Ontario Hockey League, the J. Ross Robertson Cup, is still named in his honour.
In 2015 Bihar elections he formed his own party, Jan Adhikar party and contested at 40 seats.
In 2003 he was appointed to be an Italian senator for life, a seat which he held until his death.
A historian of Latin America and Poland, Macierewicz has been on faculty at the University of Warsaw and Jagiellonian University.
The National Executive voted 17-14 in favour of him remaining in the role, more than had voted for him in his initial bid for election.
After his defeat, Dayton returned to the Perpich administration until his election as Minnesota State Auditor in 1990.
Daniel "Dan" Breen was a volunteer in the Irish Republican Army during the Irish War of Independence and the Irish Civil War.
Klitschko was reelected as mayor on 15 November 2015.
Ronald Louis Ziegler was White House Press Secretary and Assistant to the President during United States President Richard Nixon's administration.
In addition to her committee assignments, she serves as a member of the European Parliament Intergroup on Western Sahara.
He was previously leader of the SNP group on Renfrewshire Council and was re-elected to the council in 2007.
This campaign pushed the nation to the brink of starvation and made it dependent on foreign food aid.
In 1952, his law career took him to Fairbanks, Alaska, where he was appointed U.S. Attorney the following year.
Five years later, he was again defeated as a candidate of the CCF.
Contrarily, polls of the general public, such as a 2007 Rasmussen poll and a Gallop poll in 2011, ranked Carter above average.
Counsell was a Canadian Senator and Lieutenant Governor of New Brunswick from 1997 to 2003.
Edward James Roye served as the fifth President of Liberia from 1870 to his overthrow in 1871 and subsequent violent death.
Campbell held the British record for the 100 metres sprint from 1967–74, having run the distance in 10.2 seconds.
After her release, she was portrayed by some of her fellow captives as "controlling and manipulative"; others described her as "caring" and "courageous".
He held this position until March 26, 1895, having been retained in the position when Mackenzie Bowell replaced Thompson in mid-1894.
Donald William Cameron was the 22nd Premier of Nova Scotia, Canada, from February 1991 to June 1993.
He has been a member of parliament since the 2005 Danish parliamentary election.
On 25 April 1917, in Tartu, he participated in the Kurzeme local assembly and was elected to the Provisional Land Council of Kurzeme.
Edgar was undaunted by these setbacks and in 1889 started a new company called the Belt Line Railway in Toronto.
Huckabee announced his candidacy for the Republican nomination in the 2016 presidential election, in Hope, Arkansas, on May 5, 2015.
He is often just referred to as Salvo Lima.
One of his main focuses in this role was combating bovine tuberculosis.
He was president, pro tem from 1966 until 1967 and was appointed president in 1973.
Nicholas Le Quesne Herbert CBE is a British Conservative Party politician and the Member of Parliament for Arundel and South Downs.
He has been described as having a conservative judicial philosophy in his jurisprudence.
He married Maude Henrietta, the daughter of Guelph businessman Thomas H. Scarff.
He was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives in 1956 and re-elected in 1958.
Robichaud was first elected to the Canadian House of Commons in the 1984 election representing the riding of Westmorland—Kent, New Brunswick.
In October 1860, Heales was a leading critic of the land bill introduced by the government of William Nicholson.
Farley predicted large landslides in both, and revolutionized the use of polling data.
On December 26, 2013, President Obama nominated Baucus to replaced Gary Locke as the United States Ambassador to China.
He was chosen Executive Vice-President of the Federation in 1973, and served as its President from 1984 to 1993.
Throughout these years, Sheila Martin apparently had little aspirations in regards to her husband's office.
John Palmer Usher was a U.S. administrator who served in the Cabinet of President Abraham Lincoln during the American Civil War.
On August 31, 2010, after 31 years as an elected municipal politician, Moscoe announced his retirement from city council.
He won the riding in the 1930 election, again having contested it as a "Progressive-Conservative" and served for five years as a backbench supporter of R.B.
Marcil was nominated for the position of Speaker by Wilfrid Laurier following the 1908 election.
He notably served as Home Secretary between 1922 and 1924.
Kissinger has also been associated with such controversial policies as CIA involvement in Chile and U.S. support for Pakistan, despite the genocide during the Bangladesh War.
Weir called a general election for June 25, 1969, even though only three years had passed since the previous election.
Two of his sons, Brian Lenihan, Jnr and Conor Lenihan, became TDs in the 1990s.
John W. Ellis in the 1860 election as head of the "Opposition Party," which consisted primarily of former Whigs, like himself.
He emerged on the national scene due to support from Deng Xiaoping after the Cultural Revolution.
Lidia Gueiler Tejada was the first female President of Bolivia, serving in an interim capacity from 1979 to 1980.
He reportedly lost his leg, genitals, and part of his stomach as a result of this incident.
He was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1799.
John Nance Garner IV, known among his contemporaries as "Cactus Jack", was an American Democratic politician and lawyer from Texas.
He served as the 44th Governor of Virginia, from 1902 to 1906, and a Congressman from 1912 until his death in 1937.
He was Leader of the Opposition from 1976 to 1982.
Sanford was the Governor of South Carolina from 2003 to 2011.
He then attended Harvard College and Harvard Law School, where he was a managing editor of the Harvard Law Review.
In July 2012, Ros-Lehtinen became the first Republican in the House to support same-sex marriage.
During his time in office he was at the helm of the controversial Three Gorges Dam project.
John Howard Tory, OOnt QC is a Canadian politician who is the 65th and current Mayor of Toronto.
Soon after, he married Florence Gallant of Cap-Egmont, located in the same area as Abram-Village.
He was educated at a county grammar school and by private tutor and also became a merchant and shipowner.
Following the death of James Allason on 16 June 2011, Short was the oldest living former member of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom.
In 1849 he was made a Knight of the Garter.
Hubbard founded New Zealand Businesses for Social Responsibility and became Chairman of the New Zealand National Parks & Conservation Foundation.
Dr. Chobanian is the first recipient of the Lifetime Achievement Award in Hypertension of the American Heart Association.
Buxton took up the job anyway, and later was described as the most genial, sociable and common-sense governor, due to his gentle and unassuming friendliness.
Machado's works had a great influence on Brazilian literary schools of the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
Ronald Timothy Renton, Baron Renton of Mount Harry, PC is a British Conservative Party politician.
He became Queen's Commissioner of North Brabant serving from November 1, 1946 until May 19, 1959.
He held this role for over a month until Gordon Brown became Prime Minister in June 2007.
degree from the Stetson University College of Law.
As congressman for Ohio's 1st congressional district, he soon became a popular social figure of Washington, and married the president’s daughter Alice Lee Roosevelt.
Uesugi Kagekatsu was a Japanese samurai daimyō during the Sengoku and Edo periods.
Eyton was born in Quebec City in 1934 and was educated and raised in Quebec and Toronto.
Melvin Luther Watt is an American politician who has been Director of the Federal Housing Finance Agency since 2014.
Howard Philip "Buck" McKeon is a former U.S. Representative, serving from 1993–2015.
Léon Dumarsais Estimé served as the President of Haïti from 16 August 1946 until 10 May 1950.
He became a Green Party councillor on South Dublin County Council in 1999.
Henry James "Harry" Boland was an Irish republican politician and member of the First Dáil.
As governor, Ventura oversaw reforms of Minnesota's property tax as well as the state's first sales tax rebate.
The district takes in large portions of western Houston and surrounding Harris County.
He was a delegate from Massachusetts to the Continental Congress, and for six months served as the presiding officer of that body.
He was the unsuccessful Labor candidate for the seat of Forde at the 2013 federal election.
Arnold was elected to Islington Council in 1994, eventually serving a term as deputy mayor.
In the 1830s, he surveyed a portion of what would become the boundary between Illinois and Wisconsin.
From 1946 he taught at the University of Saskatchewan and then moved to Ontario the following year to practice law.
He later briefly served as a United States Senator from January 3, 1949 until his death in office approximately two months later.
Quin served as prisons minister, Minister for Europe, and as a junior agriculture minister.
He served as a Teachta Dála from 1938 to 1973.
Harrison was the son of Founding Father Benjamin Harrison V and in turn was the grandfather of Benjamin Harrison, the 23rd United States President.
She is a gourmet cook of some reputation, and has written regular columns on the subject in Winnipeg's daily and community newspapers.
In 2012, Professor Hübner became a member of the International Honorary Council of the European Academy of Diplomacy.
He was also the first elected Canadian official to visit China.
Kosor started working as a journalist, following her graduation from Faculty of Law of University of Zagreb.
Gomez was a member of the Workers' Party from 2001 to 2006 and Singapore Democratic Party  from 2010 to 2015.
Gillard released her political memoirs, My Story, in September 2014.
Following Kenny's victory in a motion of confidence, Mitchell was not re-appointed to the front bench.
Hicks Pasha's expedition was at the time preparing to march on El Obeid.
He married Mary Ogilvie and had eight sons and seven daughters.
He was forced to retire in 2003 as a consequence of the bloodless Rose Revolution.
She served in the chamber as an Independent until her retirement in 2002.
His collection is housed in the Royal Belgian Institute of Natural Sciences.
Konstantin Vladimirovich Rodzaevsky was the leader of the Russian Fascist Party, which he led in exile from Manchuria.
Having served as a council member from 1994 on, he was mayor of Flobecq.
Abdul Karim Abdullah al-Arashi was a Yemeni politician who served as the President of the Yemen Arab Republic briefly from 24 June to 18 July 1978.
He is the longest-serving member ever of the United States House of Representatives from the state of Minnesota.
General George Ramsay, 9th Earl of Dalhousie GCB, styled Lord Ramsay until 1787, was a Scottish soldier and colonial administrator.
He stood as a UKIP candidate in the 2010 general election for Northampton South, receiving 1,897 votes, which was 50 votes short of retaining his deposit.
On 19 July 2010, Bouterse was elected as President of Suriname with 36 of 50 parliament votes and on 12 August 2010 he was inaugurated.
He lost his Assembly seat in the 2011 election.
In retirement, Brundage married a German princess; he died in 1975.
Netanyahu has been elected Prime Minister of Israel four times, matching David Ben-Gurion's record.
Selig made $14.5 million in the 12-month period ending October 31, 2005.
Salvemini offered significant leadership to political refugees in the United States.
When Rhodesia's government issued the Unilateral Declaration of Independence from Britain on 11 November 1965, Dupont, as Deputy Prime Minister, was the second to sign.
Macaulay held political office as the Secretary at War between 1839 and 1841, and the Paymaster-General between 1846 and 1848.
Bracks is the second-longest-serving Labor premier in Victorian history.
After his defeat in the 2014 election Reinfeldt announced that he would step down from leading the party, which he did on 10 January 2015.
Ghazi Mashal Ajil al-Yawar is an Iraqi politician.
In July 2002, Minister of Interior Dušan Mihajlović commented that "Jovanović was on all the hit lists" of "centers of power".
His management of Hubbard Foods gained some prominence for its participation in and promotion of socially responsible business perspectives.
Fish implemented the new concept of international arbitration, where disputes between countries were settled by negotiations, rather than military conflicts.
He left that network in 2012 to join the all-news channel LCN.
McCool, a lumber merchant before entering politics, was born in Chichester, Canada East .
Kathleen Sebelius is an American politician who served as the 21st United States Secretary of Health and Human Services from 2009 until 2014.
In 1977, he was awarded the Queen Elizabeth II Silver Jubilee Medal.
Marianne Leonie Petrus Thyssen]; born 24 July 1956) is a Belgian politician for the Christian Democratic and Flemish Party.
A nature trail that passes through Warden Woods Park on Taylor-Massey Creek was named in his honour.
He was known as The Architect of Modern Brunei, The Royal Poet, The Father of Independence, and The Father of Brunei's Negara Zikir.
She returned to Pakistan alongside Bhutto who went on to serve as the Foreign Minister.
From 1993 to 2000, Menard served as the Chairman of the Massachusetts Democratic Party.
He was replaced by his deputy, Richard Helms.
He received his bachelor's degree and law degree from the University of Arizona.
William Doyle Ruckelshaus is an American attorney and former U.S. government official.
Her series of bills known as Ashley's Laws, which severely punishes sexual predators, quickly became national benchmarks in the fight against sex offenders.
During his vice-presidency, Kagame controlled the national army and maintained law and order, while other officials began rebuilding the country.
Martin John Rees, Baron Rees of Ludlow, OM, FRS, FREng, FMedSci, FRAS is a British cosmologist and astrophysicist.
Vilayat Mukhtar oglu Guliyev is an Azerbaijani politician who was Minister of Foreign Affairs of Azerbaijan from 1999 to 2004.
During the 2000 election some saw him as a possible running mate for Bush.
From 1992 to 1997, he was an MP in the Serbian parliament.
Harmel served eight months as the 40th Prime Minister of Belgium.
Traditionally, Liu Yongqing’s role would be primarily domestic, but this is fast changing as Chinese leaders travel abroad more.
A Republican, he previously served as the United States Representative for Idaho's 2nd congressional district from 1993 to 1999.
Boris Karlovich Pugo, OAN was a Soviet Communist political figure, Latvian by ethnicity.
He served as a Vice Chair of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress
He is currently the co-host of Morning Joe on MSNBC, and previously hosted Scarborough Country on the same channel.
He was a moderate conservative, and served as a cabinet member during Alexandros Papagos' government.
Browner previously served as Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency during the Clinton administration from 1993 to 2001.
After Garfield's assassination in 1881, Vice President Chester A. Arthur became President.
Rowe was lieutenant governor of Ontario from 1963 to 1968.
Kagame resumed the civil war, and ended the genocide with a military victory.
He sought the Republican presidential nomination in 2000, but withdrew and supported George W. Bush.
Marcos was born in Manila but moved to Tacloban prior to World War II after the death of her mother.
He has been a Teachta Dála since 1989, currently for the Cork South–Central constituency.
The UK government banned Al-Muhajiroun and Choudary was present at the launch of its intended successor, Ahlus Sunnah wal Jamaah.
Attorney General Taft coauthored a bill to Congress, signed into law by President Grant, that created the Elections Commission that settled the controversial Hayes-Tilden election.
In December 2013, So was appointed by the Chinese Government as a Special Advisor to the All-China Federation of Returned Overseas Chinese.
He was a cabinet minister in the government of Bob Rae.
Luther Terry was an American physician and public health official.
During Brezhnev's rule, the global influence of the Soviet Union grew dramatically, in part because of the expansion of the Soviet military during this time.
Constance Georgine Markievicz, known as Countess Markievicz was an Irish Sinn Féin and Fianna Fáil politician, revolutionary nationalist, suffragette and socialist.
As alderman, she represents the ward in the Chicago City Council along with representatives from the 49 other Chicago wards.
He died in London, in 1935, at the age of 76.
She is to date the only woman elected to Congress from Montana.
He was the first Brazilian president to have be reelected for a subsequent term.
Letitia Christian Tyler, first wife of John Tyler, was First Lady of the United States from 1841 until her death.
Rozas served as governor of Chaco Province from December 1995 to December 2003, re-elected in 1999.
At the time the Conservatives were strongly associated with the Orange Order which had long held a pro-labour position.
In 1886, he moved to Milwaukee where he practiced law.
Because of that he orchestrated the removal of LS leader Ivo Banac, who was replaced by Kramarić's long-time associate Zlatko Benašić.
Mladen Ivanić is a Bosnian Serb politician who has been a member of the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina since 2014.
On the following day, he left Law and Justice to found his own party, now known as the Right of the Republic.
In September 2016, Squire Patton Boggs, the third-largest lobbying firm in the U.S., announced that Boehner would join their firm.
He also sought measures to streamline China's bureaucracy and fight corruption, issues that challenged the Party's legitimacy in the 1980s.
From 1976 to 1978 he was Deputy Minister of the Department of Industry, Trade and Commerce.
Guthrie's department was responsible for the persecution of the Communist Party of Canada, and the arrest and incarceration of Communists, including leader Tim Buck, for sedition.
He was appointed to the Shadow Cabinet by David Cameron in 2007 as Shadow Secretary of State for Children, Schools and Families.
In 1902, he co-founded the Democratic Republican Alliance, the most important centre-right party under the Third Republic, becoming Prime Minister in 1912 and President in 1913.
Ridley is best known for his writings on science, the environment, and economics.
Philip Gerald Givens, QC was a Canadian politician and judge.
Marinus Willett was an American soldier and political leader from New York.
In 1949, he promoted the NATO military alliance against the Soviet bloc.
Vicente Lucio Salazar was Acting President of Ecuador between 16 April 1895 and 1 September 1895.
Eastland was also the most senior member of the Senate at the time of his retirement in 1978.
For the contemporary of Diana, Princess of Wales, see Major James Hewitt.
Joe Sam Queen represents the 119th district in the North Carolina House of Representatives.
His firm actions and iron rule over baseball in the near quarter-century of his commissionership are generally credited with restoring public confidence in the game.
He won multiple terms from his district in Topeka, Kansas, beginning in 1892 as a Republican to the US House of Representatives.
The district covers parts of Baltimore County, Anne Arundel County, Harford County, Howard County and Baltimore City.
Kulongoski has served in all three branches of the Oregon state government, a rare distinction.
From February 2011 until January 2013, she served on the council of Metro, the regional government in the Portland metropolitan area.
His fourth feature film, the biographical drama survival movie Into the Wild, garnered critical acclaim and two Academy Award nominations.
Glass subsequently served as the U.S. Secretary of the Treasury under President Woodrow Wilson.
Sessions was elected Attorney General of Alabama in 1994, and to the U.S. Senate in 1996, being re-elected in 2002, 2008, and 2014.
From 2009 to 2014 he served as the Leader of the Opposition in the Rajya Sabha.
Valery Mukhamedovich Kokov was a Russian politician of Kabardian ethnicity.
He was later appointed to chair a Royal Commission in Ontario to investigate a proposal by Sir Adam Beck to establish a network of radial lines.
Tyner was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives in 1869 serving three terms until 1875.
Swan first ran for the Manitoba legislature as a New Democrat in the 1990 provincial election, placing third in the west-end Winnipeg riding of Sturgeon Creek.
He was born in Southampton, Long Island, where his father, the Rev.
Doris Pack is a German politician, President of EPP Women and former Member of the European Parliament 1989-2014.
Attlee himself had little interest in economic matters but this settlement was broadly accepted by all parties for three decades.
From 1542 to 1545 he was governor of Portuguese India.
Carl Vinson was a United States Representative from Georgia.
On 2 August he successfully moved a vote of no-confidence against Premier Walter James, and was asked to form Western Australia's first Labor government.
He is a rare brand of politician with multifaceted personality, who goes beyond politics to nurture good relationship, resists politics of violent and vengeance.
He received a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1941 from the University of Ottawa.
At the 2002 French presidential election, he won 82.2 % of the vote against the far-right candidate, Jean-Marie Le Pen.
Mit’hat Frashëri was an Albanian diplomat, writer and politician.
Popović was also among the founders of FK Partizan Belgrade, the football section of the Yugoslav Sports Association Partizan.
In 2002, she was elected as the vice-chairman of Keskusta.
For the Malaysian tennis player, see Adam Malik.
He served as Prime Minister between 1 and 16 November 1918 and as President between 16 November 1918 and 21 March 1919.
In 2013, President Obama appointed Kennedy as the United States ambassador to Japan.
He is best remembered as the originator of the principle of separation of church and state.
He also served two terms in the State House of Idaho.
He commanded the East China Field Army during the Chinese Civil War.
Jacques graduated from Boston College in 1984 and received her J.D.
Tarand has also been a member of the Estonian Parliament from 1992 to 2004.
A member of the Democratic Party, he was elected governor in 2002.
He was awarded a doctor of economics degree and authored over 200 publications.
"Pa" Simon Achidi Achu is a Cameroonian politician who served as the Prime Minister of Cameroon from 1992 to 1996.
He served as Minister of Finance from 2002 to 2004 and was a Member of the European Parliament for the New Era Party.
He served on the city council and as mayor.
He has also accused Prime Minister Hun Sen of involvement in the 2004 murder of SRP-affiliated union leader Chea Vichea.
He was the youngest Premier in Ontario history, appointed at age 37.
Senator James Lloyd resigned, and Hindman was named to finish his term.
William Wesley "Bill" Hiltz was Mayor of Toronto from January 1924 – January 1925.
Senators Daniel J. Evans and Slade Gorton.
As a result, Casares Quiroga was imprisoned.
She was the Deputy U.S. Trade Representative from 1993 to 1997.
The couple had 4 children; Roger, Paul, Marie and Gaspard Jr.
Governor on November 1, 1940, and held the position until August 1, 1953.
Thomas Henry Bull Symons, CC OOnt FRSC is a Canadian professor and author in the field of Canadian studies.
Major-General William Farquhar was an employee of the East India Company, and the first British Resident and Commandant of colonial Singapore.
Francis Godolphin Osborne, 5th Duke of Leeds, KG, PC, styled Marquess of Carmarthen until 1789, was a British politician.
Mahoney was first elected to parliament in the 1968 election as the Liberal Member of Parliament for Calgary South.
While serving as Prime Minister, Mosisili was also Minister of Defense.
Sir Ernest Mason Satow, GCMG, PC, was a British scholar, diplomat and Japanologist.
He became a minister in the Government of Canada thereafter.
Otto Ender was an Austrian political figure.
Kenneth Kimberlin Brimer, Jr., known as Kim Brimer, is a Republican former member of the Texas State Senate from Fort Worth, Texas.
She was a member of the presidential transition team for Barack Obama before he assumed office on January 20, 2009.
In 1997 Tatjana Ždanoka was elected to Riga municipal council.
McPherson, a Republican from Santa Cruz County, served his term as Secretary until January 8, 2007.
On 14 September 2015, Abbott was defeated in a vote for the Liberal leadership by Malcolm Turnbull, who replaced Abbott as Prime Minister the following day.
Edwin Duing Eshleman was an American politician who represented Pennsylvania in the United States House of Representatives as a Republican from 1967 to 1977.
Patrick Connolly was an Attorney General of Ireland who was appointed by Charles Haughey.
Gbagbo claimed victory after Robert Guéï, head of a military junta, barred other leading politicians from running in the October 2000 presidential election.
The first Sikh in office, Singh was also the first prime minister since Jawaharlal Nehru to be re-elected after completing a full five-year term.
She is the current and fourth New York City Public Advocate and first African American woman to hold citywide office.
On 26 June, Kilman stood for the premiership, and was elected by Parliament, with 29 votes to Serge Vohor's 23.
In high school, he had been an All-State selection in basketball and two-time state champion shot putter.
He is the grandson of deceased Canadian financier Ward C. Pitfield and Grace Pitfield.
His term expired January 3, 2007 when the 110th Congress officially began.
He was the first openly gay Conservative Member of Parliament, having publicly come out in 2002.
Wetmore entered politics in 1865 with his election to the colonial legislature as an Anti-Confederate.
Crombie served as mayor of Toronto from 1972 to 1978.
Sir Julius Vogel KCMG was the eighth Premier of New Zealand.
He was also the chairman of the Free Democratic Party of Germany from May 2001 until he stepped down in 2011.
Before he was mayor, Campbell worked for the RCMP, and in 1969, was transferred to the Vancouver detachment.
Juba died at home in Petersfield at the age of 78.
He also became embroiled in a protracted struggle within the Liberal Party against long-time political rival Paul Martin.
Alexander Mitchell Palmer, best known as A. Mitchell Palmer, was Attorney General of the United States from 1919 to 1921.
On December 12, 2008, Madigan attracted national attention after filing a motion with the Supreme Court of Illinois to temporarily remove Governor Rod Blagojevich from office.
From 1972 to 1978 he was President of the University of Toronto.
After finishing his term he lived in Florida, returning to Cuba to run for president in 1952.
Born in Wexford in 1889, Corish was educated by the Christian Brothers in the town.
Hans Heinrich Lamers was a German jurist and prominent Nazi politician.
Colby served as DCI under President Richard Nixon and President Gerald Ford and was replaced with future president George H.W.
He served as a war correspondent during the Spanish–American War.
Gyllenhaal was "president," in the Göta Court of Appeals 1836-1855, Prime Minister for Justice 1843-1844.
However, he lost most of his power to Detroit's emergency manager Kevyn Orr, had numerous health problems, and suffered approval ratings as low as 14%.
She was the country's second female president, and the daughter of former President Diosdado Macapagal.
After months of taking testimony, the investigating committee concluded that it had no evidence of wrongdoing on his part.
He attended Oslo Cathedral School and Oslo Commerce School.
Historian and journalist T. Ryle Dwyer has called him "the most popular Irish politician since Daniel O'Connell."
Tadaharu was the 3rd son of Torii Tadamasa, the lord of the Yamagata Domain.
Tarja Cronberg is a Finnish Green League politician who served as a member of the European Parliament from 2011 until 2014.
Sanders is the longest serving independent in U.S. congressional history.
On Thursday, March 29, 2012, she was nominated by President Barack Obama to serve on the Amtrak Board of Directors.
Walter Adam Tucker won the leadership over the urbane Culliton, a moderate who could have well appealed better to voters during subsequent elections.
In 2002, his district was made significantly more Republican in redistricting, and he was defeated by State Representative John Carey.
He ran for the leadership of the Liberal party in 1946, losing to Walter A. Tucker.
He was one of the main leaders involved in transitioning Nepal from an absolute monarchy to a democratic multi-party system.
“His intellect and his years of experience in the law served him well as a trial judge and Justice of the Supreme Court of Ohio.
Stephen Kakfwi is a Canadian politician and was the ninth Premier of the Northwest Territories.
From 1992 to 1997 Liu was a member of the Politburo Standing Committee.
He led Britain as Prime Minister until after the German surrender in 1945.
Mr. Schmitt was also the President of The International Brotherhood of Magicians during the 1961-1962 membership year.
McBride was first elected to the provincial legislature in the 1898 election, and served in the cabinet of James Dunsmuir from 1900 to 1901.
He left Parliament in 1895 and died three years later aged 88.
On 22 March 2012, shortly before his scheduled departure from office, disgruntled soldiers initiated a coup d'état that forced him into hiding.
Although he was a relatively conservative, pro-development mayor, Harris' political roots were in the labour movement, the Co-operative Commonwealth Federation and the New Democratic Party.
He was re-elected as Speaker, unopposed, when the House sat at the start of the new parliament on 18 May 2015.
He was elected to Majlis from Khoy in 1951.
He had been a member of the 22nd Seanad Éireann in 2002 for Fine Gael, elected by the Cultural and Educational Panel.
The period of political thaw was brief; Karimov began to complicate the registration process of opposition parties during elections.
Francisco Morales-Bermúdez Cerruti is a Peruvian general served as the President of Peru, after deposing his predecessor, General Juan Velasco.
From 1889-1892 he was the 10th President of Colby.
Running in The Pas, he easily defeated independent incumbent Beresford Richards, who opposed the governing Liberal-Conservative coalition.
In 1995 she was elected party vice-president and was elected to serve in Parliament for the first time.
He was born and brought up in Dingle, County Kerry, O'Toole was a teacher for ten years and then a school principal in County Dublin.
He was also known for his accurate penalties, crucial passes and vision.
Eventually it reached the point where most of the sugar industry was in U.S. hands, and foreigners owned 70% of the arable land.
In 2005, Lapointe was the recipient of the Lifetime Achievement Award at the Francophone SOCAN Awards held in Montreal.
David Charles Penhaligon was a British politician from Cornwall who was Liberal Member of Parliament for the constituency of Truro from 1974-86.
Persons largely accomplished his goal of having four years of "no fighting," maintaining a truce among the various wings of the state Democratic Party.
Paisley, who is a member of the Democratic Unionist Party, is the son of the DUP's founder, Ian Paisley.
In 2004, he was awarded the Alberta Order of Excellence.
In these positions, he was instrumental in managing legislation and accomplishing Republican national goals.
He received an honorary degree from Florida State University.
Elmer Edwin "Rob-Rob" Robinson was the 33rd mayor of San Francisco, California.
Étienne Maurice Gérard, comte Gérard was a French general, statesman and Marshal of France.
A member of the Democratic Party, she also served in the United States House of Representatives from 1977 to 1987.
He is best known for commanding the disastrous Walcheren Campaign of 1809.
In the 1917 federal election he ran unsuccessfully as an independent candidate in the riding of Brant.
As the state had previously seen nine Premiers in a little over five years, this was a welcome respite from a period of great instability.
He was later elected to the state legislature, serving from 1879 to 1880.
He was a key figure in the Bank of Credit and Commerce International scandal, which led to a grand jury indictment.
Thomas E. "Tom" Brinkman, Jr. is a Republican member of the Ohio House of Representatives from Cincinnati.
Upon entering politics, he became the leader of the reform faction of Republicans in New York's state legislature.
After the death of her son Calvin in 1924, she won the sympathy of the country.
He served as a Teachta Dála for the Cavan–Monaghan constituency from 1977 to 2011.
Cannon is the second-longest continuously serving Republican Speaker in history, having been surpassed by fellow Illinoisan Dennis Hastert, who passed him on June 1, 2006.
Most notably, he oversaw the Bank during the financial crisis of 2007–2008 and the Great Recession.
Ventura's campaign was unexpectedly successful, with him narrowly defeating both the Democratic and Republican candidates.
In an editorial immediately following his death, the Windsor Star said:
The College would later grow into present-day Santa Clara University.
She is the wife of Neil Kinnock, who was leader of the Labour Party from 1983 to 1992.
Artūras Paulauskas [ɐrˈt̪uːrɐs̪ pɐʊˈɫɐ̂ˑʊs̪kɐs̪] is a Lithuanian politician.
He is the father of Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance, Jr.
Feingold was mentioned as a possible candidate in the 2008 presidential election, but in November 2006 he announced he would not run.
Detained in Southern California while attempting to obtain passage to China, Wilson decided to remain there.
From 1880 until his death he was editor and part proprietor of the Philadelphia Press.
The following day he was appointed to the honorary title of Minister of State.
Garzón is currently head of Julian Assange's legal team.
Kemp also co-founded the AFL Players Association, for which he served five terms as president.
His posts while he was a member of the European Parliament were:
He is widely credited, along with Mark Roosevelt, with passage of a sweeping education bill, the Education Reform Act of 1993.
He represented Georgia's 6th congressional district as a Republican from 1979 until his resignation in 1999.
He became a judge after leaving politics in the late 1970s.
He has served as a Senator for the Agricultural Panel since 1993.
Under his leadership, Orbán shifted Fidesz away from its original classical liberal, integrationist platform toward center-right national conservatism.
She has also been co-author of a series of physics books for high school students.
Between 2007 and 2012, he served as a member of the Politburo and Communist Party Secretary of Chongqing, a major interior municipality.
He is married to Dr. Kate Queen and has two children, both of whom are graduates of North Carolina State University.
Luken served in the Ohio House of Representatives and on the Cincinnati city council before becoming mayor.
Lakhdar Brahimi is an Algerian United Nations diplomat who served as the United Nations and Arab League Special Envoy to Syria until 14 May 2014.
He is also the father of Kenya's fourth and current President, Uhuru Kenyatta.
He is the husband of Tarja Halonen, who was the President of Finland between 2000 and 2012.
Traditionally, Newfoundland politics had been divided along sectarian lines with Catholics supporting the Liberals and Protestants supporting the Conservative Party of Newfoundland.
Before entering politics, Hurtubise was a physician.
The following year, he founded the Tribune, which became the highest-circulating newspaper in the country through weekly editions sent by mail.
Her husband owed Kaupthing bank just under 900 million ISK he’d borrowed to purchase shares in the bank.
John Coit Spooner was a politician and lawyer from Wisconsin.
On 7 November, his government was overthrown by the Lenin-led Bolsheviks in the October Revolution.
Following Interior Secretary Jacob Thompson, Thomas resigned after only a month in response to his failure to obtain the loan.
Harris never accepted financial donations to his political campaigns from any source so that he would not be captive to any interests.
Stanley Griswold was a Democratic-Republican politician from Ohio.
Browner grew up in Florida and graduated from the University of Florida and the University of Florida College of Law.
He was elected Fellow of the Royal Society of Canada and was president from 1976 to 1977.
He was named the Virginian of the Year in 1977.
He was a missionary in the Oregon Territory and later founded Santa Clara College in California, United States.
On 28 November 2015, he stood down from his ministerial appointment due to allegations of bullying within the Conservative Party.
Elijah Eugene Cummings is an American politician and the U.S. Representative for Maryland's 7th congressional district, serving since 1996.
Khan contested for a seat in the National Assembly in October 2002 and served as an opposition member from Mianwali until 2007.
Keith would later use those lands and his command of the railroad to build a powerful banana trading concern.
Douglas was awarded many honorary degrees, and a foundation was named for him and his political mentor Major James Coldwell in 1971.
He was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire in the 1953 Coronation Honours.
He retired from business in 1892 and died at the home of one of his sons in Charlottetown in 1912.
Addison Mitchell McConnell Jr. is an American politician and the senior United States Senator from Kentucky.
Louis Lansana Beavogui was a Guinean politician.
He was also Chairman of the Centre Party, and in the second half of 2006 he was President of the European Council.
As an MEP, she belonged to the Estonian Centre Party until she decided to leave on 9 April 2012.
Pfeifer was born in Bucyrus in 1942.
He died at Ottawa, on 21 March 1912.
Johnson also helped to save the Sacramento Kings basketball team from moving to Anaheim, and later, Seattle.
Najibullah lived in the United Nations headquarters in Kabul until 1996, when the Taliban took Kabul.
Ranković supported a hardline approach against Albanians in Kosovo who were commonly suspected of pursuing seditious activities.
On Election Day, the Republican candidate won the seat.
Between 1990 and 2002 she worked as a researcher at the Jožef Stefan Institute in Ljubljana.
Vladan Batić was a Serbian lawyer and politician.
Liberia also has the distinction of electing Ellen Johnson Sirleaf as the first elected female African leader in modern times.
But in order to achieve this, he appeared to conform to the lesser evils of anti-parliamentarism, militant anti-Socialism, and authoritarianism.
He became the political leader of the Conservative Party on 5 August 1999 and became the party's Chairman in November 2000.
He was re-elected in 1972, 1974, 1979, and 1980.
He previously served two terms in the state Senate.
He resigned his chancellorship on 1 December 1966.
One of his epithets is Dragon King of Wells and Springs.
In July Shrewsbury was appointed Lord Treasurer but in August Queen Anne died and George I succeeded her.
Her appeal of this decision was dismissed on July 31, 2015. and she withdrew her lawsuit on November 10, 2015.
She was a Parti Québécois minister under the leadership of Premier René Lévesque and National Assembly of Quebec member for the riding of Dorion.
Count Miklós Bánffy de Losoncz was a Hungarian nobleman, liberal politician, and historical novelist.
The new government introduced pensions for teachers and allowances for widowed mothers.
In Pasadena Markham was on the school board and was one of the founders of the Pasadena public library.
Born in Barry, Wales, in the United Kingdom, Gillard migrated with her family to Adelaide, South Australia, in 1966.
He served as a Teachta Dála for the Kerry North constituency from 1981 to 2002.
Constâncio graduated in economics from the Universidade Técnica de Lisboa.
His home, known as The Speaker's House, is now a museum and is currently undergoing restoration to restore its appearance during Muhlenberg's occupancy.
General Idriss Déby Itno is a Chadian politician who has been the President of Chad since 1990.
In office, Boyd faced many challenges from his constituents.
He served as China's Foreign Minister from April 1988 to March 1998, and as Vice Premier from 1993 to 2003.
Though he was an able military commander and proved a useful partisan of Caesar, Lepidus has always been portrayed as the weakest member of the triumvirate.
Samuel married Margaret Cadwalader on May 19, 1772.
A member of the Greek resistance to Axis rule during WWII, he later became a prominent anti-war activist.
After a lengthy coaching career in the World Hockey Association and in the National Hockey League, Demers became an analyst for Montreal Canadiens games on RDS.
James Madison Jr., was an American statesman and Founding Father who served as the fourth President of the United States from 1809 to 1817.
Richard Bethell, 1st Baron Westbury PC QC MP was a British lawyer, judge and Liberal politician.
Burill was elected a member of the American Antiquarian Society in 1815.
From 2000 to 2010 he was a municipal councillor in the city of London, Ontario.
He commissioned an independent nuclear deterrent for the UK.
Before the Allied bombing campaign, he enjoyed widespread popularity among the German public.
In 1997, Sulzer was appointed to fill out the term of a seat in the Ohio House of Representatives that had become vacant.
As president, Jackson sought to advance the rights of the "common man" against a "corrupt aristocracy" and to preserve the Union.
After switching her political affiliation from Republican to Democrat, she served as the first female Kansas State Treasurer from 1975 to 1991.
John Thurloe was a secretary to the council of state in Protectorate England and spymaster for Oliver Cromwell.
The world of sports was also a focus for Robertson’s public-spiritedness.
He was the only sitting senator from a Confederate state who did not resign his seat upon learning of his state's secession.
In 2010, she successfully ran for the office of Illinois Comptroller.
James Bannon is a former Irish Fine Gael elected politician.
An English FA administrator from Blackburn, Woolfall was elected as president on 4 June 1906.
After the 2008 presidential election, President Barack Obama appointed Emanuel to serve as White House chief of staff.
A member of the Democratic Party, she is the first female U.S.
On 11 September 1973, the military moved to oust Allende in a coup d'état supported by the United States Central Intelligence Agency.
Thomas Francis Meagher was an Irish nationalist and leader of the Young Irelanders in the Rebellion of 1848.
Salvatore Achille Ettore Lima was an Italian politician from Sicily who was associated with, and murdered by, the Mafia.
Bounnhang Vorachith is a Laotian politician who has been General Secretary of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party and President of Laos since 2016.
He is also said to have accompanied Bartolomeu Dias on his journey around the Cape of Good Hope from 1487 to 1488.
He also worked as an investment banker, serving as managing director of the Lehman Brothers office in Columbus, Ohio.
This criticism was fuelled by the revelation that Australian fugitive Christopher Skase had used the programme to become a citizen of the island.
He died in 1806 from an infection he contracted after swallowing a chicken bone, leaving an estate that was bankrupt.
He is since 2005, the 18th Head of the Kumamoto-Hosokawa clan, one of the noble families in Japan.
Donal Neil "Mike" O'Callaghan was an American politician.
His name was a spelling variation on the Battle of Kennesaw Mountain in the American Civil War, where his father was wounded in 1864.
As Bahru Zewde observes, "With that, the illusion that the revolution would remain bloodless was exploded."
He created numerous programs to support the unemployed and farmers, and to encourage labor union growth while more closely regulating business and high finance.
Nancy Davis Reagan was an American film actress, and the wife of the 40th President of the United States, Ronald Reagan.
Leuenberger was elected to the Federal Council on 27 September 1995 as a member of the Social Democratic Party from the Canton of Zürich.
William Marion Jardine was a U.S. administrator and educator.
The chemical element rutherfordium was named after him in 1997.
Provincial support for the Conservatives recovered slightly in the 1892 election, and Davidson defeated Crawford by sixteen votes in their third encounter.
He was reelected in 1839 and served from January 4, 1838 to March 3, 1845.
He is a member of the Republican Party.
Kipke serves on the Health and Government Operations Committee and on two health related subcommittees, Insurance and Minority Disparities.
Serving twice as mayor of Portland, Dow enforced the law with vigor and called for increasingly harsh penalties for violators.
William Crowninshield Endicott was an American politician and Secretary of War in the first administration of President Grover Cleveland.
In 1976 she was made an Officer of the Order of Canada.
Philip Francis Thomas was an American lawyer and politician.
In 2002 Carney defeated Libertarian Daniel Elmaleh in the general election.
Birney defeated Anwyl when a One Nation candidate's preferences flowed overwhelmingly to him.
He was born in Lewisham, London, as the first-born child of a New Zealand-born British businessman, Thomas Herbert "Jack" Thatcher.
As Vice President, Alencar sometimes spoke out against his own government's orthodox policies, causing embarrassment for fellow administration members.
Tarun Gogoi is an Indian politician who served as the Chief Minister of Assam from 2001 to 2016.
Arnold Smith was the elder brother of Wilfred Cantwell Smith.
He wrote a book, Loyalty in a Changing World, about the contemporary function of the Lieutenant Governor.
Guelleh has been characterized as a dictator, and his rule has been criticized by some human rights groups.
He served as the 18th Governor of Ohio.
He was one of the three unifiers of Japan, along with his Former Lord Nobunaga and Toyotomi Hideyoshi.
On March 10, 2006, news broke that Allen had been repeatedly stealing from retail stores Target and Hecht's by engaging in return fraud.
From 1994 to 2006, Cousens was the Mayor of Markham, Ontario.
He served as United States Secretary of State from January to March 1909.
He is the son of a well-known Quebec actor, Jean Duceppe.
Szmajdziński died, on the day after his 58th birthday, in the plane crash that also involved President Lech Kaczyński and 94 others.
Chief Justice Taft was a conservative on business issues, but under him, there were advances in individual rights.
He was also Deputy Leader of the Labour Party under Callaghan from 1976-80.
He served as Chief Justice of the Oregon Supreme Court, was the 32nd Attorney General of the United States, and was elected Oregon's U.S.
Joining the federal government in 1964, she served as a secretary and interpreter/translator in the office of Northwest Territories MP Eugène Rhéaume.
One role he performed with great difficulty was maintaining control over a boorish king whose chief passions were hunting, philandering, and posturing as a military genius.
He was paid a remuneration of ₹1.25 crores for the 1992 film Aapadbandhavudu.
In 2014, the United States also recognised the CIA's active involvement.
Burr was never tried for the illegal duel, and all charges against him were eventually dropped, but Hamilton's death ended Burr's political career.
Uriah Tracy was an eighteenth-century American lawyer and politician from Connecticut.
Herman De Croo, who holds a Ph.D. in law, is a former Professor of Common Law at the Vrije Universiteit Brussel.
Charles "Charlie" O'Connor is an Irish Fianna Fáil politician.
He was also the first Minister of Development of North Eastern Region.
He was the only Senator to vote against the Patriot Act during the first vote on the legislation.
She lost the general election on a ticket with then New York City Council Speaker Peter Vallone.
A return to front-line politics was signalled when his appointment as a minister of state at the Foreign Office was announced on 17 July 2016.
He had early appointments in Missouri state government and was mentored by John Danforth.
Lougheed sat on the boards of a variety of organizations and corporations.
Dixie Bibb Graves was a First Lady from the state of Alabama, and the first woman United States Senator from Alabama.
Father Walter Hadye Lini was an Anglican priest and the founding Prime Minister of Vanuatu.
Halil Rifat Pasha was an Ottoman statesman and a grand vizier for six years between 1895 till his death 1901, under the reign of Abdülhamid II.
Daniel Robert "Dan" Glickman is an American politician, lawyer, lobbyist, and nonprofit leader.
He was dropped as a Minister of State in a reshuffle in July 2014.
He was the American ambassador to Nigeria from 1971 to 1975, becoming one of the first black ambassadors.
Lu Muzhen was born on 30 July 1867.
In 1995, he was promoted to Deputy Secretary of the Treasury under his long-time political mentor Robert Rubin.
Soon after, largely due to Dow's efforts, the state legislature banned the sale and production of alcohol in what became known as the Maine law.
He was also awarded a fellowship by the Pharmaceutical Society of Ireland for services rendered to the profession.
Rebecca Harms is a German politician and Member of the European Parliament from Germany.
He was the son of Tokugawa Mitsusada, the grandson of Tokugawa Yorinobu, and the great-grandson of Tokugawa Ieyasu.
Zhao Ziyang was a high-ranking politician in China.
Ashikaga Yoshiakira was the 2nd shogun of the Ashikaga shogunate who reigned from 1358 to 1367 during the Muromachi period of Japan.
A Fijian nationalist, he was involved in the planning of the 1987 Fijian coups d'état.
Van Buren's nomination was rejected by the Senate, cutting short his service in London, but he was elected vice president in the 1832 election.
He attempted a citizen's arrest of Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe in 1999 and again in 2001.
In February 2015 Channel 4 Dispatches and The Daily Telegraph accused Straw of impropriety following a meeting they set up with a fictitious Chinese company.
He joined the Pakistan Movement of Justice in 2012 and unsuccessfully ran for National Assembly in 2013.
He was elected to the Lok Sabha six times in 1977, 1984, 1989, 1991, 1996 and 1998.
He has been a Teachta Dála since 1997, currently for the Cork East constituency.
He retired on January 22, 2017, having reached the mandatory retirement age for senators.
Previously she held the post from 1995 to 2003 and 2009 to 2011 when she chaired the Subcommittee on Human Rights 2009–2011.
He served in an number of political positions in Virginia, including election as the 28th Governor of Virginia.
Marisa Ferretti Barth is a former Canadian Senator.
Edward Bates was a U.S. lawyer and statesman.
He pioneered temperance and temple entry movements in India and advocated Dalit upliftment.
On 13 April 2012, Brown resigned as leader of the Greens and indicated his intention to resign from the Senate in June.
He returned to the University of Cambridge and was Regius Professor of History from 1927 to 1943.
Douglas Bruce Ford Sr. was a Canadian businessman and politician in Ontario.
She continued on as Assistant Administrator until June 1, 2004.
Ambassador to Germany from 2001 to 2005, and then worked as a lobbyist in Washington, D.C.
He lost to the Government candidate, John Harold.
Towards the end of his life, Tate lived in Longport, New Jersey.
He was the Convenor of the National Committee for Students and Youth organization appointed by Jai Prakash Narayan.
In the 2002 election Paravac was elected to parliament.
Thomas "Tom" Nolan was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician.
His ideology tends to be considered liberal from the economic point of view and supportive of Catalan independence.
Moran was the mayor of Alexandria, Virginia from 1985 to 1990, when he resigned to run for Congress.
Juan Nekai Babauta is a Northern Mariana Islander politician.
He is considered one of the most influential leaders in the EU, and a "talisman of Europe's mainstream right".
As a result, Madison afterward supported a stronger national government and military, as well as the national bank, which he had long opposed.
Cromwell was born into the middle gentry, albeit to a family descended from the sister of King Henry VIII's minister Thomas Cromwell.
He was appointed as Chancellor of the Exchequer in June 1983, and served until his resignation in October 1989.
Ralston, Alberta and the Ralston Residence at the Canadian Forces College in Toronto was completed in October 1999, and was named after him.
MacArthur promoted his island home as a tourist destination.
He was reeve of the township of West Gwillimbury from 1919 to 1923.
She represented the state's thirty-fifth House district, located in Wake County.
Samuel Irving Rosenman was an American lawyer, judge, Democratic Party activist and presidential speechwriter.
He was a prisoner of war until 1973.
Bergeron also served in the Canadian Forces as a naval Cadet Instructor Cadre officer from 1984 to 1993.
Pryor ran for re-election in 2014, but lost to Representative Tom Cotton.
Instead, the slot went to the veteran Democrat Charles Rangel of Harlem in New York City.
His parents, Luther and Maud Powell, immigrated to the United States from Jamaica.
In April 2012, DeWeese was sentenced to 30 to 60 months in state prison, and subsequently resigned his house seat.
Appointed by President Bill Clinton, he served for most of Clinton's first term.
After an unsuccessful bid for the U.S. House of Representatives in 1980, he served as state Attorney General from 1983 to 1989.
Russell was also a passionate advocate of liberalism, from a long family line of distinguished liberals.
The same year, The Sunday Times estimated his net worth at ₤6.40 billion.
While in the position, she chaired the Millennium Challenge Corporation's board of directors.
Gladstone appointed Lowe as Chancellor expecting him to hold down public spending.
He secured major reforms in education, but was stymied in his pursuit of tax reform.
This led to an election to fill his vacated seat.
He came in second to Manuel Zelaya with 46% of the vote in the 2005 general election.
He served as a Senator for Val-de-Marne from 1946 to 1995.
Klitschko is a former leader of the Petro Poroshenko Bloc and a former Member of the Ukrainian Parliament.
Maria de Lourdes Ruivo da Silva de Matos Pintasilgo, GCIH GCC; was a Portuguese chemical engineer and politician.
Johnson was born in poverty in Raleigh, North Carolina.
Senate Bill 10 was not signed into law in 2013.
President Grover Cleveland appointed Coleman Commissioner of Agriculture in 1885.
During his first time in the Presidential office, he served as Acting President.
Julia Boggs Dent Grant, was the First Lady of the United States and wife of Ulysses S. Grant.
In 2016, Kasich refused to support the Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump; instead he voted for U.S.
In recognition, he was awarded the US Treasury’s Meritorious Service Award for “outstanding contributions to the formulation of United States economic policy”.
Perhaps that’s because being in a Pierre Trudeau government was sexy in itself.
The resulting split in the Liberal Party helped keep them out of office, with one short break, for twenty years.
He was honored by the government of Japan for having "contributed to mainstreaming Japan's development assistance policy through the United Nations."
An Orangeman, he was also Sovereign Grand Master of the Royal Black Institution from 1971 to 1995.
The district represents a wide diversity of incomes and neighborhoods.
Two Pennsylvania townships are named after Gregg, one in Centre County, and one in Union County.
He was styled "His Serene Highness the Regent of the Kingdom of Hungary".
Artis Pabriks is a Latvian politician and a Member of the European Parliament.
However, in the election of the following April, the "ministerialists" or former Forrest supporters failed to attain a majority of seats.
These decisions later proved to be organizationally and financially disastrous for the company.
Wilbur Daigh Mills was a Democratic member of the United States House of Representatives from the state of Arkansas.
He served as Director of Communications for both Ford and Reagan, and as a senior advisor to Clinton and Secretary of State Warren Christopher.
In 1947 he was elected President of the Kenya African Union, through which he lobbied for independence from British colonial rule.
Dimitrov led the Communist International from 1934 to 1943.
Edward Kent was the 12th and 15th Governor of the U.S. state of Maine during the Aroostook War.
Mira Spivak, née Steele is a former member of the Canadian Senate representing the province of Manitoba.
His educational opportunities limited by his bourgeois background, Havel first rose to prominence within the Prague theater world as a playwright.
His home was in Montreal's Golden Square Mile and he is buried at Mount Royal Cemetery.
Tabaré Ramón Vázquez Rosas is a Uruguayan politician who has been President of Uruguay since 2015.
At this time, Princess Rosalie assumed the title of Countess von Hohenau.
Janet Ecker CM is a former politician in Ontario, Canada.
In 1874, he started a railway company called the Ontario and Pacific Junction Railway.
Nathaniel Mayer Rothschild, 1st Baron Rothschild, Baron de Rothschild, GCVO, PC, was a British banker and politician from the wealthy international Rothschild family.
John Ellis "Jeb" Bush Sr. is an American businessman and politician who served as the 43rd Governor of Florida from 1999 to 2007.
Alexander is the senior United States Senator from Tennessee, having served in the United States Senate since 2003.
Nevertheless, Chamberlain is still unfavourably ranked amongst British Prime Ministers.
Desley Carleton Scott is an Australian retired Labor Party politician who was the member for Woodridge in the Parliament of Queensland from 2001 to 2015.
He represented the federal riding of Bruce—Grey and Bruce—Grey—Owen Sound in the House of Commons for the Liberal Party from 1994 to 2004.
His father was two-time president Jesús Jiménez.
Senator from the state of North Carolina between 1831 and 1836 and between 1840 and 1853.
Instead, the King appointed a three-person commission of representatives of the linguistic communities to investigate how to restart the reform process.
She was assigned to the Senate Special Committee on Aging; the Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Committee; and the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee.
He represented the city's first ward, located in south Winnipeg.
The Liberals returned to power in the 1980 federal election and Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau appointed Lumley to the cabinet as Minister of State for Trade.
Also known as Yūraku and Urakusai, he was a brother of Oda Nobunaga.
Radomir Naumov was the former Serbian Minister of Religion and Minister of Mining and Energy, in cabinet of PM Vojislav Koštunica.
Becoming a trade union leader, Fernandes organised many strikes and bandhs in Bombay in the 1950s and 1960s while working with the Indian Railways.
In 1935, he was nominated to be the running-mate of Senate President Manuel L. Quezon for the presidential election that year.
Smith lost in a landslide to Republican Herbert Hoover, who gained electoral support from six southern states.
List was defeated for re-election in 1982 by Nevada Attorney General Richard Bryan.
He was the fourth Uruguayan President belonging to the Batlle family, one of whom was his own father, Luis Batlle Berres.
Kapodistrias was the younger brother of the first Governor of Greece Ioannis Kapodistrias and Viaros Kapodistrias.
He currently serves on the Board of Directors of Universal Forest Products Inc. headquartered in Grand Rapids, Michigan.
Despite his anti-war stance, Tuomioja did carry out his own mandatory military service and is a reservist staff sergeant.
She graduated from Dalhousie University with a Bachelor of Arts and a Bachelor of Education.
Coats declined to run for re-election in 2016, and was succeeded by Todd Young.
He was renowned for his hardline stance.
He specialized in cardiology in Boston at the Massachusetts General Hospital in 1946 and in Paris at the Hôpital Lareboisière in 1947.
A lawyer by profession, he was a member of the Bundestag from 1996 to 2013.
Barbara Pierce was born in Flushing, New York.
They had three children: Jay, Judy and Linda.
She formerly served as head of the Minnesota Department of Transportation.
He served as a minister in the government of Colin Barnett from March 2013 to September 2016.
In the final days of the Carter presidency, he was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom on January 16, 1981.
Marcelo "Celing" Briones Fernán was a Filipino lawyer and political figure.
Dawn Clark Netsch was an Illinois professor of law and politician.
Woolfall's presidency ended with his death in October 1918.
He ran for president in 2008, but withdrew before the primaries began and endorsed eventual Republican nominee John McCain.
Dewar was easily re-elected in the provincial election of 2003, receiving more than 60% of the vote in his riding.
Pratt was the first African American woman to serve as mayor of a major American city.
She was an unsuccessful candidate for Dublin South at the 1989 and 1992 general elections.
He defeated incumbent Justice James P. Celebrezze in November 1984 to win election to his first term on the Supreme Court and was re-elected in 1990.
Thomas Burt PC was a British trade unionist and one of the first working-class Members of Parliament.
He was nominated by President George W. Bush on January 28, 2004 and confirmed by the Senate on March 31, 2004.
His father was Charlie Soong and his siblings were the Soong sisters.
His younger brother, William Bigler, was elected governor of Pennsylvania during the same period.
He is the second son of Norodom Sihanouk of Cambodia and a half-brother of the current king, Norodom Sihamoni.
Over the years, Lula da Silva and Alencar developed a close and affectionate friendship.
He was elected as the Progressive Conservative Member of Parliament for Ottawa Centre, and was one of the few francophone MPs in the Tory caucus.
Simpson murder case while on the bench of the Los Angeles County Superior Court.
Prithvi Nath Dhar was an economist and the head of Indira Gandhi's secretariat and one of her closest advisers.
He served as the sixth president of Carleton College, serving from 1970–1977, and the 15th president of Brown University between 1977 and 1988.
She graduated with honors from UC Berkeley with a BA in Social Welfare in 1956.
Rauch was a member of the unionist party that advocated an integration of Croatia and Hungary.
Previously he served in the government of Egypt as Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1991 to 2001.
After leading Labour to a narrow victory in the 1950 general election, he sent British troops to fight in the Korean War.
Once dubbed the "George Washington of Iraq" by American supporters, he later fell out of favor and came under investigation by several U.S. government sources.
He defeated Congressman Donald "Buz" Lukens in the primary, but lost to Democrat John J. Gilligan.
Anthony Maxwell Rundle AO was the Premier of the Australian State of Tasmania from 18 March 1996 to 14 September 1998.
Rubén Eloy Hinojosa is a former U.S. Representative for Texas's 15th congressional district, serving from 1997 to 2017.
Alfred Ernst Rosenberg was a Baltic German theorist and an influential ideologue of the Nazi Party.
It inhabits a variety of open and semi-open areas, including subtropical forests, shrublands, pastures, and deserts.
Smith attended the University of Texas Law School, where he concentrated on federal law.
He served overseas in World War I for four-and-a-half years, and subsequently worked for Canadian National Railways.
Another brother, Michael O'Dowd, ran against him for Renua at the 2016 general election.
A week before his assassination, he declared: "While revolutionaries as individuals can be murdered, you cannot kill ideas."
He led an uprising against the Commonwealth and its magnates that resulted in the creation of a state led by the Cossacks of Ukraine.
Washington Misick, his brother, is a former Chief Minister and currently Minister of Finance, following elections in November 2012, in which the PNP returned to power.
Also in 1990, he facilitated the establishment of Castillo Serralles as a museum.
Shirley Anita Chisholm was an American politician, educator, and author.
Brenda Elliott is a former politician in Ontario, Canada.
She is due to be sentenced in September, and faces a lengthy prison term.
Her latest is a book, Pakistan: Beyond the Crisis State, edited by her in 2010.
Hanna Kristine Kvanmo was a Norwegian politician for the Socialist Left Party.
In 2010, he co-formed the coalition "For Russia without Lawlessness and Corruption", which was refused registration as a party.
Angus Edmund Upton Maude, Baron Maude of Stratford-upon-Avon TD PC was a British Conservative politician and cabinet minister from 1979 until 1981.
The Khmelnytsky Uprising led to the deaths of an estimated 18,000 -100,000 Jews.
He was also a Patron of the Tory Reform Group.
However, for most of that time the party was almost nonexistent in the former Confederacy, including North Carolina.
A 1990s honors graduate of Harvard University and Harvard Law School, in 2012 Davis became a visiting fellow at the Harvard Institute of Politics.
He was a Fulbright scholar at the London School of Economics from 1951 to 1952.
He was elected as a Whig to the United States Senate to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Joseph Kent.
He was elected to Seanad Éireann on the Agricultural Panel in 1977.
He was the Member of Parliament for Holborn and St. Pancras from 1979 to 2015.
Senator John McCain for the Republican nomination to represent Arizona in the U.S. Senate in 2010.
Labor was returned with a majority government after a landslide win at the 2002 election.
The Order of the Liberator General San Martín, created in his honor, is the highest decoration conferred by the Argentine government.
She declined to run for re-election as treasurer in 2006, instead running for Governor of Illinois.
Jacob Burnet was an American jurist and statesman from Ohio.
In 1787 he was elected President of the State Convention meeting in Poughkeepsie to ratify the Constitution of the United States.
Later that year, Bing was re-elected to a full term.
Seán Ó Neachtain is a former Irish Fianna Fáil politician.
Myra Ava Freeman, CM ONS is a Canadian philanthropist, teacher, the 29th and first female Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia.
From 1941 to 1946, he served as British Ambassador in Washington.
In July 2013, following Kevin Rudd's election as Labor Leader, he was appointed the Minister for Agriculture, Fisheries and Forestry in the Second Rudd Ministry.
Jaibhan Singh Pawaiya is long-term association with the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh RSS.
Audrey Marlene McLaughlin, OC PC was leader of Canada's New Democratic Party from 1989 to 1995.
He was a member of the Federalist Party and later the Whig Party.
He was the register of wills of Charles County, Maryland from 1825 to 1832.
She has served as chair on Subcommittee on Communications and the Internet.
He was a member of the 15th Lok Sabha and the 14th Lok Sabha of India.
Eventually deposed and imprisoned by the new emperor for having amassed too much power, he was posthumously rehabilitated.
In 1959, he cofounded and served as the first president of the Ovamboland People's Organization, a nationalist organization advocating an independent Namibia.
In 1992, Aidid attacked United Nations troops in the nation.
Timothy Cutler, who succeeded him as rector of Yale in 1719.
He was the leader of the Dominican Revolutionary Party, a three-time candidate for president of the Dominican Republic and former Mayor of Santo Domingo.
A. D. King and his wife Naomi Barber King.
In 2010, he announced reforms to encourage a multi-party system.
His wife is Anne, and they had two children, Kathryn and Robert.
He controlled a large sized mujahideen force, mainly his fellow Tajiks from western Afghanistan.
Jeremy Harris is an American politician who served as Mayor of Honolulu from 1994 to 2004.
During his time at Ferrari, the Scuderia won 14 Formula One World Championship titles.
Pyotr Mironovich Masherov was the first secretary of Belarusian committee of the Communist Party of Soviet Union and a communist leader of Soviet Belarus.
He also wrote books on Universal Sufism and economics.
With the fall of the Arbenz administration in 1954, Monteforte went into exile in Mexico until 1987.
Robert P. Duckworth is a Maryland Republican politician who has resided in Crofton, Maryland since 1968.
He also co-founded the Chertoff Group, a risk-management and security consulting company, which employs several former senior political appointees.
Edith Nourse Rogers was an American social welfare volunteer and politician who was one of the first women to serve in the United States Congress.
She is Chair of the Assembly committee on higher education, as well as a member of the influential Ways and Means and Rules committees.
His name is often abbreviated as 'SAJ' being the initials of Sir Anerood Jugnauth.
After participating in parliamentary elections in 1970, Amin was appointed and served as the eighth Prime Minister of Pakistan.
He was elected Mayor of Kiev on 25 May 2014.
She has worked for a variety of businesses in the private and public sectors, with experience such fields as in education, advertising and offshore oil.
The lawsuit was thrown out of several courts and Lowry was ordered to pay Smyth's legal costs.
He was sworn in on 17 March 2015.
But racial strife and ideological differences led to its separation to become a sovereign city-state two years later.
Mario José Echandi Jiménez was 33rd President of Costa Rica from 1958 to 1962.
Upon Quezon's sudden death in 1944, Osmeña succeeded him, at age 65, becoming the oldest holder of the office.
Charles Reed Bishop was an American businessman, politician, and philanthropist in Hawaii.
He was one of Africa's foremost anti-colonial leaders.
He was part of a more moderate or conservative faction of the Alliance that opposed splitting from Democrats to form a third party.
Marquess Ōkuma Shigenobu was a Japanese politician in the Empire of Japan and the 8th and 17th Prime Minister of Japan.
Ulrich Friedrich Wilhelm Joachim von Ribbentrop, more commonly known as Joachim von Ribbentrop, was Foreign Minister of Nazi Germany from 1938 until 1945.
Many historians attribute the Confederacy's weaknesses to the poor leadership of Davis.
As of 1999, Reimer's work was still available through Mennonite Books in Manitoba.
Later, in 2004, he was reelected governor for six more years by a majority vote in Congress and by the recommendation of president Vicente Fox.
In 1712, he was elected Alderman for the Dock Ward, a post he would hold until 1735, when he became assistant to the Mayor Paul Richard.
The Liberal MP became parliamentary secretary to the Minister of Industry in 2002.
He is a retired farmer and former agricultural journalist.
Charles Marcil, PC was a longtime member of the Canadian House of Commons and served as Speaker of the House from 1909 - 1911.
He was acquitted on 2 March 2017 by Court of Cassation, Egypt's top appeals court.
The total foreign direct investment during Calderón's presidency was US$70.494 billion.
In 1995 he became Chairman of the State Council of the Komi Republic.
Tomás Mac Giolla was an Irish politician.
In 1945-46 the People's Party was reorganized and taken over by Stanisław Mikołajczyk.
He attended Gambia High School in Banjul from 1978 to 1983 and served in the Gambia National Gendarmerie from 1984 to 1989.
Darrell Edward Issa is the Republican U.S. Representative for California's 49th congressional district, serving since 2001.
Isidor Rayner was a Democratic member of the United States Senate, representing the State of Maryland from 1905 to 1912.
By 1739, he and his family had even abandoned his Dutch Reformed Church, becoming members of the Anglican Communion at the politically important Trinity Church.
His death was kept secret by the Taliban for two years until it was announced by the Afghan government in July 2015.
Orlando Parga Figueroa is a Puerto Rican politician and former member of the Senate of Puerto Rico.
He ran again in 1976, defeating Democratic incumbent Vance Hartke.
As minister of foreign affairs he was useful to Ismail, who used Sherif's bluff bonhomie to veil many of his most insidious proposals.
He later served as the 20th Governor of North Carolina from 1820 to 1821.
Previously he was a member of the Northern Ireland Assembly for North Antrim from 1998 to 2010.
Previously, he represented Georgia's 6th Congressional district in the United States House of Representatives from 1999 to 2005.
On November 8, 2016, he was defeated in his bid for re-election to his U.S. Senate seat by Democrat Tammy Duckworth.
He took over as Premier in 2002 when Mike Harris resigned as leader but was defeated in the 2003 election by the Liberals under Dalton McGuinty.
He was the older brother of General Braxton Bragg.
He was Chairman of the Board in 2001 under the Bush Administration but eventually resigned in 2003 due to conflict of interests.
He ran as an independent candidate in Winnipeg North Centre in the Canadian federal election of June 1949, against rising CCF star Stanley Knowles.
Douglas Charles Abbott, PC was a Canadian Member of Parliament, federal Cabinet Minister, and justice of the Supreme Court of Canada.
Abner Linwood "Lin" Holton Jr. is a Virginia political figure and attorney.
He became a dominant figure in the Unionist Government's re-election at the "Khaki Election" in 1900.
After the parliamentary elections of 1992 he, as member of Croatian Democratic Union, was appointed to the post of prime minister.
When the budgetary crisis forced Britain out of Greece in 1947 he called on Washington to counter the Communists with the Truman Doctrine.
Joshua Fry Bell died in 1870 in Danville at the age of 58.
In December 1956, he became Managing Director of the IMF, a position he held until his death 5 May 1963.
Among other positions, he also served on the Advisory Committee of the Federal Minister responsible for co-operatives.
After the Truce, Maurice failed to achieve more military victories.
His grandson, Guðmundur Steingrímsson, was elected to the Althing in 2009.
He ran the 1992 general election while at the Conservative Research Department and later was Vice-Chairman of the Conservative Party at the 2001 general election.
A poll conducted by CNN-IBN in 2006 named Chiranjeevi the most popular star of the Telugu Film Industry.
In August 2016 the Donald Trump presidential campaign announced that she had joined the campaign as an economic adviser.
Asghar Parsa was a prominent member of Iran's National Front.
Antony David John "Tony" Penikett is a mediator and negotiator and former politician in Yukon, Canada, who served as Premier of Yukon from 1985 to 1992.
Since the late 20th century, southern white conservatives have generally supported Republican candidates at the state and national level.
He is the only person ever elected to the House of Commons on a prohibitionist ticket, as the candidate of the Scottish Prohibition Party.
James Madison Porter served as the 18th United States Secretary of War and founder of Lafayette College.
In 2013, Engler joined the advisory board of Blackford Capital's Michigan Prosperity Fund as chairman.
Cynthia Maria "Cindy" Nicholas, CM was a long distance swimmer and a politician in Ontario, Canada.
The military-led government ruled until January 1924, when power was handed over to an elected National Assembly, which later declared the Second Hellenic Republic.
Robertson’s donation of silver trophies to hockey, cricket, and bowling further encouraged amateur competition.
His position as leader of the Social Democrats was challenged in 1992 by Poul Nyrup Rasmussen, who went on to win the internal election.
In New York he reorganized the Democratic-Republican Party and established the Albany Regency to keep it in power.
Alex Kozinski is a United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, where he has served since 1985.
The Foundation has since donated over $50 million to charities across Canada and in 2005 had an endowment of over $90 million.
Currently, he is the Chancellor of the University of Oxford, a post he has held since 2003.
George Manoli Loupassi is an American politician of the Republican Party.
The law promulgated in 1905 reformed the education system to depend on the Central Government.
She was elected as a constituency member for North East London in the 2004 Assembly election.
In 1850 he was elected a delegate to the convention that framed the state constitution.
In 1983, Luken and Gradison swapped districts as a result of the 1980 census, with Luken's district being renumbered as the 1st District.
He subsequently won the prestigious Vinerian Scholarship as the best student in the Bachelor of Civil Law degree.
He has served as Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, Minister of State for Work and Pensions and Deputy Chief Whip.
She served for 16 years as the first African-American Chief Psychiatric Nurse at the Dallas Veterans Administration Hospital.
Sir Colin Renshaw Lucas, FRHistS is a historian and university administrator.
Chong is a member of the Conservative Party of Canada, and was a candidate for its leadership in 2017.
from the Strum College of Law, University of Denver, USA.
A photographer by training, Hughes became Pastor of the Takapuna Assembly of God in 1975.
Benjamin Franklin "Frank" Heintzleman was an American forester who spent much of his career supporting the development of Alaska Territory.
Sir Richard McBride, KCMG was a British Columbia politician and is often considered the founder of the British Columbia Conservative Party.
Confronted with Greenway's failure, Roblin abandoned the government in 1889 and caucused with the small Conservative opposition.
Several years into his term, during a period of tight provincial budgets, he sought to close the Faculty of Dentistry and drop the Football program.
His efforts toward campaign finance reform were posthumously overturned in 2010 by the U.S. Supreme Court in Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission.
As of 2015 she is the longest serving female Conservative MP.
Powell is the recipient of numerous U.S. and foreign military awards and decorations.
Bhattarai became Prime Minister of Nepal in April 1990 after a popular democratic movement referred as Jana-Andolan.
Shortly before his death, Forrest was informed that the King had approved for him to be raised to the British peerage as Baron Forrest of Bunbury.
James Kreuser is the County Executive for Kenosha County, Wisconsin.
From 1958 to 1962, he and his daughter, Jean Casselman Wadds, were the only father and daughter to ever sit together in Parliament.
He participated in the October Revolution, and later joined a Red Guard unit in Omsk.
On 22 February 2007, Jean-Louis Debré, president of the French National Assembly, appointed Guy Canivet to the Constitutional Council of France, replacing Jean-Claude Colliard.
However, after talks with the Government in London for self-rule failed, Marshall resigned as Chief Minister, and Lim took over.
In September 2005, Jõerüüt resigned voluntarily over the so-called "T-Shirt Affair".. Jõerüüt was succeeded by Jürgen Ligi.
He restored the plantation system using paid labour, negotiated trade treaties with the UK and the United States, and maintained a large and well-disciplined army.
As Governor, Tošovský participated in drawing up the blueprint for economic reform and in implementing it in the monetary and banking areas.
Temple returned to show business in 1958 with a two-season television anthology series of fairy tale adaptations.
Graça Machel DBE is a Mozambican politician and humanitarian.
Blairo Borges Maggi is a soy plantation farmer and former governor of the state of Mato Grosso in Brazil.
In 1836 Chandler became a member of New Brunswick's Legislative Council.
In 1958, he married Amethyst Lynda Jomes Blah.
Like most Old Bolsheviks, he did not survive the Great Purge.
In the event, Venstre was able to form a minority government, with Jensen becoming Minister of Foreign Affairs on 28 June 2015.
Macon was born near Warrenton, North Carolina, and attended the College of New Jersey and served briefly in the American Revolutionary War.
When Hathaway died in 1872, King became Premier for a second time serving until 1878.
Since 1996, Sánchez has been a member of the Democratic Party, and of the centrist House Blue Dog Coalition.
He was one of the Fathers of Confederation and one of the first judges of the Supreme Court of Canada.
During part of the time she served as Mayor, she worked half-time for UC Berkeley Undergraduate Admission and Relations with Schools and the Office of Admissions.
The allegation opened the door for the impeachment of Bill Clinton and the five-year suspension of Clinton's law license.
In 1979, Prime Minister Joe Clark appointed him to the Supreme Court and served until his death from brain cancer in 1987.
He was awarded a posthumous Padma Vibhushan in 2017 becoming the first recipient of Padma Vibhushan from Meghalaya.
His architectural skills made him increasingly prominent within the Party and he became a member of Hitler's inner circle.
From 1965 to 1967 he attended the London School of Economics, from which he received his Ph.D in Economics in 1972.
He was State Secretary and later Minister of Foreign Affairs.
He was succeeded by Fredrik Reinfeldt, who would move the party to the political centre.
Between 1981 and 1983, while known as Anne M. Gorsuch, she served under President Ronald Reagan as the first female Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency.
was a Salvadoran political figure who served as President of El Salvador from June 1, 1984 to June 1, 1989.
He was a Progressive Conservative member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1995 to 1999.
Today, he is considered the French equivalent to his contemporary Quisling in Norway.
He defeated Republican Rob McKenna, the Attorney General of Washington, in the general election by 52% to 48%.
Jennifer Louise Tonge, Baroness Tonge is a politician in the United Kingdom.
She is a member of the Kennedy family.
His second term was served from September 14, 1881 to February 4, 1882.
Also in 2015, she won the Princess Grace Humanitarian Award from Prince Albert Of Monaco & the Ireland Fund.
He was the leader of the Peruvian Aprista Party and the only party member ever to have served as President.
He has been the president of Sinn Féin since 1983.
He briefly rejoined the Manitoba executive as the province's first Minister of Education.
He was elected to a full two-year term later that year and was re-elected in 2005, 2007, 2009, 2011, 2013 and 2015.
On the orders of survey party leader, John Stoughton Dennis, he organized a group of volunteers to try to put down an uprising by Louis Riel.
In 2012, she was an unsuccessful candidate for U.S. Senate.
He has been criticised for introducing the compulsory study of Hindi and the controversial Madras Scheme of Elementary Education in Madras State.
He is currently the dean of the Mississippi congressional delegation.
In 2001 she became the mayor of Bjelovar.
Despite his later political longevity, Murray's early political career was marked by inability to get elected.
She was the president of the University of Miami, a private university in Coral Gables, Florida, from 2001 through 2015.
Hugh Ike Shott was a newspaper editor, pioneer broadcaster, and Republican politician in the U.S. State of West Virginia.
Harkin won a race for U.S. Senate in 1984 by a wide margin.
Employing frank diplomacy with the expressed option to deploy military force, Patel persuaded almost every princely state to accede to India.
Breslin was re-elected at every election until his retirement in 1977.
Hoover became a conservative spokesman in opposition to the domestic and foreign policies of the New Deal.
Near the end of his life, Byrd was in declining health and was hospitalized several times.
He rose to prominence as a highly successful player with the Carlton Football Club, after an early stint with Essendon.
Jim O'Keeffe is a former Irish Fine Gael politician.
Jacques Santer is a Luxembourg politician who served as the 9th President of the European Commission from 1995 to 1999.
Kwame Malik Kilpatrick is an American former politician, having served as Democratic Michigan state representative and mayor of Detroit, 2002 to 2008.
Thomas Walter Scott – known less formally as Walter Scott – was the first Premier of the province of Saskatchewan in Canada.
Stonecipher orchestrated the merger between McDonnell Douglas and Boeing, and was widely credited with the seeming resurgence of Boeing after government procurement scandals.
Sir Evan Nepean, 1st Baronet was a British politician and colonial administrator.
He was a Senator for the Agricultural Panel from 1981 to 1982.
In 1969, he presented an essay on Adams George Archibald to the Manitoba Historical Society.
He has served on the board of Cornerstone closed end funds.
Jiang has been criticized for being too concerned about his personal image at home, and too conciliatory towards Russia and the United States abroad.
He placed fifth in the first round of the election, finishing with slightly over 5% of the national vote.
That year he also resigned the Chairmanship of the Cakaudrove Provincial Council, which he had led for served years, to Sitiveni Rabuka.
He was deported to France, where he died in 1803.
Farrakhan's NOI and previous Final Call claim direct continuity from the pre-1976 NOI.
Observers also contend that Lukashenko presides over a regime steeped in Soviet nostalgia.
He was knighted in the 2014 Birthday Honours for political services.
He represented the constituency of Funafuti in the Parliament of Tuvalu.
He used racially charged language in his campaigns and editorials.
In 1937 he was ennobled as Viscount Horne of Slamannan.
He succeeded Diallo Telli of Guinea, who had served as Secretary-General of the OAU for 8 years.
In 2015, he founded the Asia Centre, a regional educational enterprise based in Bangkok, Thailand.
Throssell & Co.", in the town of Northam in 1861 and served as the Northam postmaster from 1864 to 1874.
He was Minister of State in the Foreign and Commonwealth Office of the British government with responsibility for Africa, Asia and the United Nations.
Dame Margaret Mary Beckett, DBE is a British Labour Party politician who has been the Member of Parliament for Derby South since 1983.
The district includes most of Jackson and is the only majority-black district in the state.
In 1924, as a brigadier general, he was appointed head of the Polish military health service by Józef Piłsudski.
Lavalle studied philosophy at University of Barcelona and economics and literature at the Collège de France.
Gary ran as the Republican candidate for Maryland Governor in 1879, losing to William Thomas Hamilton.
He joined the functional constituency of social welfare of the Legislative Council in June, 2004.
In 2003, he became a minister, and held several positions including Minister of State for Europe from 2005-06.
He was the mayor of Scarborough, Ontario from 1978 to 1988.
Iva Campbell Fallis was the second female Canadian Senator.
She is known for her opposition to state funding of the mass transit systems of the Minneapolis–Saint Paul metropolitan area.
He is also a direct descendant of Thomas Dudley, Governor of the Massachusetts Bay Colony and a signer of Harvard College's charter.
Malcolm E. Nichols was a journalist and a U.S. political figure.
In 1848 the state house elected him to the United States Senate, where he served until January 1857.
He ran in a 1991 special election to succeed 17-term Congressman Silvio O. Conte, who died in office.
In July 2005, Sherlock announced that he would not be standing again in the next general election.
In 1871, Pierrepont gained the reputation as a solid reformer, having joined New York's Committee of Seventy that shut down Boss Tweed's corrupt Tammany Hall.
Arnaldo Otegi Mondragón is a Basque politician, who, in February 2013, was elected as Secretary General of abertzale Basque separatist party Sortu.
He remained as a minister without portfolio, and received the same salary, until he was fully dismissed from the government in January 1943.
Daniel Gould Fowle was the 46th Governor of the U.S. state of North Carolina from 1889 until his death in 1891.
Yaakov Turner is the former mayor of Beersheba.
His son Seán Sherlock, then a member of both Cork County Council and Mallow Town Council, was elected at the 2007 general election to succeed him.
He began his career as an attorney working in private practice before he clerked for the Nebraska Supreme Court.
Dr Daniel Orlando Smith, OBE is the current Premier of the British Virgin Islands.
He served as a seven-term United States Representative, as well as 51st Governor of New York from 1975 to 1982.
Nicholas Walter Lyell, Baron Lyell of Markyate, PC, QC was an English Conservative politician, known for much of his active political career as Sir Nicholas Lyell.
A Democrat, Roberts was also the first woman to serve as majority leader in the Oregon House of Representatives.
Tun Dato' Musa bin Hitam is a Malaysian politician who was Deputy Prime Minister of Malaysia from 1981 to 1986, serving under Mahathir bin Mohamad.
Being the leading figure of the pro-Beijing camp, he is considered relatively liberal-minded in the camp.
She was appointed to the Senate of Canada in 1953 and was the first woman Speaker of the Senate from 1972 to 1974.
In 1951 he was part of the Council of the Kingdom and president of the Geographic Superior Council.
He also served as a State minister under K. Kamaraj and M. Bhaktavatsalam.
Frank Comerford Walker was an American lawyer and politician.
He finally won election from Labelle in the 1972 election with a margin of 159 votes.
Historians rank Thompson among the most unethical mayors in American history, mainly for his open alliance with Al Capone.
Clayton H. W. Hee is a Democratic Party member of the Hawaii Senate, representing the 23rd District since 2004.
François Pierre Guillaume Guizot was a French historian, orator, and statesman.
degrees in zoology from Texas Tech University, and a Ph.D. in physiology from Iowa State University in Ames, Iowa.
Tirunellai Narayana Iyer Seshan known as T. N. Seshan IAS best remembered as the man who cleaned up elections in India.
At age 91, Forlani is currently the oldest living former Italian Prime Minister.
José Pardo, under his Secretary of Justice and instruction, decided to confront the problem.
Born in Garrettsville, Ohio, Garfield first met her husband in 1849 at Hiram College.
James Stanhope, 1st Earl Stanhope PC was a British statesman and soldier who effectively served as Chief Minister between 1717 and 1721.
She is a member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany, part of the Party of European Socialists.
Mankiw is best known in academia for his work on New Keynesian economics.
Her brother Daniel Blaikie was elected as Member of Parliament for their father's former riding of Elmwood-Transcona in 2015.
He also oversaw the reorganization of the Canadian Emergency Measures Organization, Canada's civil defence agency.
Macdonald resigned as premier on October 29, 1900, to run for the Conservative Party of Canada against Clifford Sifton in the federal riding of Brandon.
In September 2010 he was presented with the Mississippi Medal of Service by Governor Haley Barbour.
Previously, he served as a Member of the European Parliament for the Social Democrats, part of the Party of European Socialists.
He was the first recipient of the VC to be a non-regular soldier.
He served as a Parliamentary Assistant and a Cabinet Minister in the government of Frank Moores between 1973 and 1979.
Earlier, as a Janata Dal leader, he was Deputy Chief Minister of Karnataka on two occasions.
Suharto called him "a great man and leader who has given so much for the country he loves".
From 1963 until 1989, she was Minister of National Education of the GDR.
He is a member of the Republican Party.
In 2006, he was made an Officer of the National Order of Quebec.
William Marvin Watson was an advisor to U.S. President Lyndon B. Johnson and was Postmaster General from April 26, 1968 to January 20, 1969.
He was reelected in 1968, and again in 1972.
Fingerhut was appointed Chancellor of the Ohio Board of Regents on March 14, 2007 by Governor Ted Strickland.
She is also a former member of the California State Senate who represented parts of San Francisco and San Mateo counties.
Frank Harris Hitchcock, was chairman of Republican National Committee from 1908 to 1909.
General Sir Robert Brownrigg, 1st Baronet, GCB was a British statesman and soldier.
Patricia Hope Hewitt is an Australian-born British Labour politician, who served in the Cabinet until 2007, most recently as Secretary of State for Health.
Adolphe Sylvestre Félix Éboué was a Black French Guianan-born colonial administrator and Free French leader.
He was interred in Fairmount Cemetery in Denver, Colorado.
Charles William Eliot was an American academic who was selected as Harvard's president in 1869.
He died in Washington, D.C. and is buried in Washington D.C.'s Rock Creek Cemetery.
For the 1864 election, Hamlin was replaced as Vice Presidential nominee by Andrew Johnson, a southern Democrat chosen for his appeal to pro-Union southerners.
Poul Holmskov Schlüter is a Danish politician, who served as Prime Minister of Denmark from 1982 to 1993.
Reince Priebus went on to win the election to succeed Steele.
He is also the Speaker of the House of Representatives of the Philippines from 2010 to 2016.
Pat Moylan is a former Irish Fianna Fáil politician and member of Seanad Éireann.
He is married and has 4 grown up sons.
He was elected at the 2007 general election for the Clare constituency after topping the poll with 10,791 votes.
He maintained controls over speech and the media that were very strict even by Soviet-bloc standards, and internal dissent was not tolerated.
Among his accomplishments was his role in foiling an attempt by Indian freedom activist Manabendra Nath Roy in toppling the government.
Vernon Rodney Coaker is a British Labour Party politician who has been the Member of Parliament for Gedling since 1997.
He won the Peace River North riding as a member of the Social Credit party.
She was the third woman to ever serve as a U.S.
He was a Member of the Karnataka Legislative Assembly for seven consecutive terms and a Member of Parliament representing Bidar in the 14th Lok Sabha.
In 1963, Recorded Texas Historic Landmark Number 967, honoring Colonel Ochiltree, was placed at the courthouse in Perryton.
He was interred at Diamond Head Memorial Park.
He was appointed to the Senate in February 1940 by Prime Minister Mackenzie King, representing the senatorial division of Toronto, Ontario.
He moved to Manitoba in 1871, and became a mill owner and general merchant, also serving on the Protestant school board.
In the following years the Bremer Vulkan illegally transferred subsidies of 350 Million Euros to keep jobs at the Shipyards in Bremen running.
Born in Quebec City, Quebec, Dawson represented the riding of Louis-Hébert, Quebec in the House of Commons from 1977 to 1984.
He was elected to his first term as mayor of Tomah in April 2000, with 58% of the vote.
In 1998, Cornyn was elected Attorney General of Texas, serving one term until winning a seat in the U.S. Senate in 2002.
He considered running for governor again in 2003, but never formally became a candidate.
Elisha Benjamin Andrews was an American economist, soldier, and educator.
Neil Douglas Walter, CNZM is a New Zealand diplomat, and a former Administrator of Tokelau, a territory of New Zealand.
One of only a handful of Labour frontbenchers to retain his seat in the landslide defeat of 1931, he became the party's Deputy Leader.
Karev was a local leader of what later became known as the Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organization.
During his long career, he also served as Foreign Minister, Speaker of the Supreme Soviet of the Soviet Union, and chief of the intelligence service.
In 1987 she co-founded the Human Rights Commission of Pakistan and became its Secretary General until 1993 when she was elevated as commission's chairperson.
She won the seat "representing the city's second ward by fifty-two votes".
While crime continued to be an issue, immigration had led to higher food prices and water shortages.
He has an architectural practice in Waynesville.
He controlled the editorial positions and coverage of political news in all his papers and magazines and thereby exercised enormous political influence.
He graduated from Washington College in Chestertown, Maryland, engaged in the study law, and was admitted to the bar in 1864, commencing practice in Easton, Maryland.
He cultivated a casual and charismatic image in a marked departure from Chinese political convention.
On 15 May 2016 he was declared by the Constitutional Court to have won the 2016 presidential election to succeed President Ikililou Dhoinine.
Vernon Caryle Holloway, Sr. was a Florida businessman and politician.
In 1954, he helped form the Tanganyika African National Union, which was instrumental in obtaining independence for Tanganyika.
Born into the House of Metternich in 1773, the son of a diplomat, he was named after his godfather, Clement-Wenceslas, Archbishop of Trier.
Shriver married Jeanne Eileen Ripp on June 26, 1992 and they have three children.
Samuel Riley Pierce Jr. was Ronald Reagan's Secretary of Housing and Urban Development from January 23, 1981 until January 20, 1989.
Dr. Jan Paulsen is a Seventh-day Adventist Church leader.
Ronald William "Ron" Clarke, AO, MBE was an Australian athlete, writer, and Mayor of the Gold Coast from 2004 to 2012.
Bhutto studied at Harvard University and the University of Oxford, where she was President of the Oxford Union.
He previously served from 1973 through 1977.
He was the founding dean of the McMaster University Medical School and then vice-president of Health Services at McMaster University from 1965 to 1972.
Before entering politics, she worked as a schoolteacher and was involved with various community organisations.
On February 9, 2015, he was named Minister of National Defence.
In 2002 he was expelled from Congress for encouraging protesters, although he came second in that year's presidential election.
He was publisher of the Czech exile magazine Listy.
He presided over UK participation in the Gulf War in March 1991, and negotiated the Maastricht Treaty in December 1991.
In 1975, he left college to join the Tigrayan People's Liberation Front, and opposing the Derg.
McGuinty lost the 1999 election but won a resounding majority in 2003 when Ontario turned against the governing Tories.
He died of organ failure on 8 July 2016 in Port Moresby.
He was a member of 14th Lok Sabha, representing Srinagar constituency of Jammu and Kashmir, India.
He was Premier of Queensland for a period of 73 days, from 25 September 1989 to 7 December 1989.
He is known for attempting to annex the Dominican Republic to other countries on multiple occasions.
Since 2010, Hawks has been a member of the American Lumber Standards Board of Review and has served as Chairman since 2015.
He was most notable for recruiting and leading the Irish Brigade, and encouraging support among Irish immigrants for the Union.
Sir John O'Shanassy, KCMG, was an Irish-Australian politician who served as the 2nd Premier of Victoria.
He competed in the 2004 presidential election as the Social Democratic Party candidate, but was defeated by centre-right Justice and Truth Alliance candidate Traian Băsescu.
In 2004, he co-edited The Orange Book: Reclaiming Liberalism, followed by Britain After Blair in 2006.
His grandmother's second husband was Liberal Member of Parliament and later Senator Joseph Godbout.
Whitford was born in 1941 and raised in the Northwest Territories, in the small town of Fort Smith, at the time the capital of the NWT.
William Nassau Kennedy was the second Mayor of Winnipeg, Manitoba from 1875 – 1876.
After Kelly turned down the position, Louis Freeh was appointed.
He is widely regarded as a pro-Western leader but who also favors balanced relations with Russia, the United States and the EU.
She was a member of the Commission for Racial Equality.
In the latter role he was instrumental in the political battle against the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament.
Andrée Champagne, PC is a Canadian actress, pianist and politician.
She has previously served as Ambassador to the United Nations, France and UNESCO.
In a final quest for grand opportunities, he left the United States for Europe.
After his premiership, Van Agt remained in active politics and became the Queen's Commissioner of North Brabant taking office on 1 June 1983.
Hoeven became the senior Senator in 2013 after Kent Conrad retired and was replaced by Heidi Heitkamp, who was once Hoeven's opponent for the Governor's office.
Alexander Wedderburn, 1st Earl of Rosslyn, PC, KC was a Scottish lawyer and nobleman who served as Lord Chancellor of Great Britain from 1793 to 1801.
He significantly raised membership for the WAYL and helped pioneer issue-oriented politics in Sierra Leone.
In 2003, he was re-elected in the once-marginal riding of Kildonan with over 70% of the vote.
He was viewed as the primary representative of Western interests in this group, and was given the names "Harry of the West" and "The Western Star."
His Reformed theology was called Tylerism, as opposed to the post-Reformed Taylorism of Nathaniel William Taylor.
Despite his charisma, he lacked coolness, consistency, and decisiveness; he was a mediocre leader who lacked vision and courage.
From 1958 to 1963 he was Vice-President of the Volkskammer and from 1963 to his death he served as member of the Presidium of the Volkskammer.
His appointment took effect on 1 September 2005 for a four-year term.
Gerrit Bolkestein was a Dutch politician and member of the Free-thinking Democratic League.
She was also Mayor of San Juan, the Capital of Puerto Rico, from 1997 to 2001.
Born in Castleknock, Dublin, Cosgrave was the son of W. T. Cosgrave, the first President of the Executive Council in the newly formed Irish Free State.
The Swiss People's party then requested another seat in the Federal Council.
Admiral of the Fleet John Rushworth Jellicoe, 1st Earl Jellicoe, GCB, OM, GCVO, SGM, DL was a Royal Navy officer.
Peters argued the province's case before the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council in London and he also negotiated an increased federal subsidy to the province.
He was brigadier general of the Southwest Territory militia during the early 1790s.
From 2006 until 2015, Vitali and Wladimir dominated heavyweight boxing, a period typically known as the "Klitschko Era" of the division.
He served in the U.S. Army from 1966 to 1968.
He is perhaps best known for his reform efforts at the Admiralty and the War Office.
He led the Irish Unionist Party between 1891 and 1906.
When Rehnquist died before Roberts's confirmation hearings began, Bush instead nominated Roberts to fill the chief justice position.
Since 2015, Coburn has been affiliated with the Manhattan Institute for Policy Research, and has been a senior fellow since December 2016.
In 2012, Ensour has been appointed as a Constitutional Court Justice in the Constitutional Court, which is considered the highest judicial body in Jordan.
In 1993 he was elected as a Reform Member of Parliament in the Saskatchewan riding of Kindersley—Lloydminster.
He also served as the leader of Winnipeg's Town Planning Institute from 1925 to 1929.
After Johnson made the surprise announcement that he would not seek reelection in March 1968, Humphrey launched his campaign for the presidency the following month.
He helped to found the Société Entomologique de Belgique in 1856.
William Eden, 1st Baron Auckland, PC, FRS was a British statesman and diplomat.
He left office after the victory of the left in the snap 1997 elections.
Gerald Le Dain practised law with Walker, Martineau, Chauvin, Walker & Allison from 1950 to 1953.
Hockfield succeeded Charles M. Vest and was succeeded by L. Rafael Reif, who had served in her administration as Provost.
Rolandas Paksas is a Lithuanian politician who was President of Lithuania from 2003 to 2004.
Dom Pedro Mascarenhas was a Portuguese explorer and colonial administrator.
Kramarić was born in Osijek and graduated in philology at the Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences, University of Zagreb.
After the resignation of George Lansbury in 1935, he was elected Leader of the Labour Party and Leader of the Opposition in the subsequent leadership election.
Gilbert served as the President of the Screen Actors Guild from 2001 to 2005.
In May 2009, President Barack Obama nominated Sotomayor to the Supreme Court following the retirement of Justice David Souter.
In 1981, he married Frum Himelfarb, and they have three children.
Rostenkowski closed legislative deals between the toughest power brokers in the U.S., from union chiefs to corporate titans to the president himself.
He was defeated in the 1993 and 1997 elections.
Bowles had no political experience prior to his appointment as Lt.
Thant had a calm and unassuming demeanor which won his colleagues' respect.
Governor Sherwood Dixon to become the youngest governor in America at that time.
According to his official website, Khamenei was arrested six times before being sent into exile for three years during Mohammad Reza Pahlavi's reign.
He tried to deal with various problems of the state that included the aftermath of the great recession, restructuring labor union pensions and other issues.
He achieved lasting fame as the captain of HMS Beagle during Charles Darwin's famous voyage, FitzRoy's second expedition to Tierra del Fuego and the Southern Cone.
Her party came to power again in 2001.
He is a member of Rashtriya Swayansevak Sangh and Bharatiya Janata Party.
When the office was vacated in 1847, Fish ran and was elected Lieutenant Governor.
In 1886, he became mayor of Charlottetown after the death of Henry Beer, serving until 1893 when he retired due to poor health.
Born in Minitonas, Manitoba, she moved to Alberta with her husband Rocky in 1947.
Caprivi promoted industrial and commercial development, and concluded numerous bilateral treaties for reduction of tariff barriers.
Paul Raymond Martineau PC QC KCSG was a Canadian politician, lawyer, crown attorney and judge.
In 2000 as well as 2004 he was rumored to be Bush's choice for Attorney General.
Ernest Blythe, also known as Ernest Blyth was an Irish journalist, managing director of the Abbey Theatre, and politician.
Sir Fitzroy Edward Kelly PC, KC, was an English commercial lawyer, Tory politician and judge.
A lawyer and consultant from Fayetteville, North Carolina, Rand served as Senate Majority Leader from 2001 through 2009.
In 1914 he was knighted by King George V.
Claes received a 60 000 BEF fine, a three-year probationary sentence and a five-year prohibition on running for public office.
Norman Lim "Normie" Kwong was a Canadian football player who played for the Calgary Stampeders and Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League.
In 1976, he took a turn at provincial politics and ran for the leadership of the Ontario Liberal Party.
He was the husband of Indira Gandhi and the son-in-law to Jawaharlal Nehru.
He was instrumental in negotiating and passing the Acts of Union 1707 with Scotland, which created the Kingdom of Great Britain.
In 1989 he joined the Tanzanian cabinet, serving as minister of information and broadcasting from 1989 to 1994, and foreign minister from 1990 to 1993.
William Blaine "Bill" Richardson III is an American politician and diplomat who was 30th Governor of New Mexico from 2003 to 2011.
As a young man, Azad composed poetry in Urdu language, as well as treaties on religion and philosophy.
Laurence Hyde, 1st Earl of Rochester, KG, PC was an English statesman and writer.
He was appointed to the Saskatchewan Court of Appeal in 1935 and retired in 1961.
UKIP's then leader, Michael Holmes, resigned in 2000 amidst serious infighting.
Gunning Bedford Jr. was an American lawyer and politician from Wilmington, in New Castle County, Delaware.
Aleksander Kwaśniewski is a Polish politician and journalist.
Amalia Dolores García Medina is a Mexican politician and a former governor of Zacatecas.
He succeeded John Bruton as party leader in 2001, however, he resigned following Fine Gael's disastrous showing at the 2002 general election.
He is a member of the Democratic Party.
Mikhail Gorbachev, the last Soviet leader, was able to get Karmal to step down as PDPA General Secretary in 1986, and replace him with Najibullah.
He was defeated by Republican Ron Johnson in a rematch of their 2010 Senate race.
William Henry Fitzhugh Lee, known as Rooney Lee or W.H.F.
Marcil was killed in the earthquake in Haiti on January 12, 2010.
He later became a recipient of the Ahmad Shah Baba Medal.
Following the election, he initially kept a low profile, and later became more visible politically.
He taught at various mission and government schools and ended his teaching career as a headmaster.
Karel Urbánek is a retired Czech politician.
After leaving SNL, he wrote and acted in movies and television shows.
Hobart both studied with Tuttle, and married his daughter.
Eugene Gerard Sweetman was an Irish Fine Gael politician who served as Minister for Finance from 1954 to 1957.
He was also Political Leader of the People's National Movement from 1987 to 2010.
Lin died on September 13, 1971 when a Hawker Siddeley Trident he was aboard crashed in Öndörkhaan in Mongolia.
Field Marshal Henry Seymour Conway was a British general and statesman.
A member of the Democratic Party, he previously served as a United States Senator from Colorado from 2005 to 2009.
He was considered the last link to Israel's founding generation.
Sir William Pulteney, 5th Baronet, known as William Johnstone until 1767, was a Scottish advocate, landowner and politician.
He spoke for conservatives and led the opposition to Democrat Andrew Jackson and his Democratic Party.
Lorenzo de Zavala, born Manuel Lorenzo Justinian de Zavala y Sáenz, was a Mexican physician from Yucatán who became a gifted career politician, diplomat and author.
Kyl was ranked by National Journal in 2007 as the fourth-most conservative U.S.
He was a Teachta Dála for the Dublin North-Central constituency from 1992 until 2011, and has represented Dublin Bay North since 2016.
Madeleine Plamondon is a Canadian retired Senator and consumer advocate specializing in financial services, privacy, and rights of the elderly.
He arrived at the UN in 2002.
Although supporting Labour candidate Sophie Howe, she was succeeded by Conservative Jonathan Morgan.
He was nominated for a life peerage in the 2015 Dissolution Honours.
Previously, he was Prime Minister of Estonia from 2005 to 2014 and chairman of the liberal Estonian Reform Party from 2004 to 2014.
She was First Lady of Chile during her husband's tenure.
Seelye taught at Amherst from 1865 until his election as President of the newly formed Smith College in nearby Northampton, Massachusetts in 1873.
In 1861, Clark was Speaker of the North Carolina Senate.
O'Malley comes from a family with a strong political pedigree in Limerick.
For more than a decade, until June 30, 2012, Fitzgerald was the United States Attorney for the Northern District of Illinois.
On 8 August 2014, it was announced that he would be made a Conservative life peer in the House of Lords.
Peter Benson Carlisle is an American politician and attorney who served as the 13th Mayor of Honolulu, Hawaii from 2010 to 2013.
He served as a backbench supporter of Pierre Trudeau's government for four years, and lost to PC candidate Jake Epp in the federal election of 1972.
Two months after signing the treaty, he was assassinated in Berlin by the right-wing terrorist group Organisation Consul.
He was replaced as Minister of Finance by Vasily Garbuzov in 1960.
James Carothers Garrison was the District Attorney of Orleans Parish, Louisiana, from 1962 to 1973.
He later served as the Democratic Ohio State Senator for the 6th district from 1979-83.
He died at the age of 91 due to complications from Parkinson's disease.
On 1 December 1902 he was elected Mayor of Subiaco, which office he held until 30 November 1904.
George Fernandes won nine Lok Sabha elections from 1967 to 2004.
In 2003, she received a lifetime achievement award from the Quebec Business Women's Network..
Richard Masur is an American actor who has appeared in more than 80 movies.
Li Changchun is a retired Chinese politician and a former senior leader of the Communist Party of China.
He resigned and was expelled for siding with the Confederacy.
Spink lost his seat in the 2010 election to the Conservative candidate, Rebecca Harris.
He joined the police force as a sub-inspector at the CID, and gradually rose through the ranks.
In this position, he became deeply involved in events leading up to the Watergate burglaries and the subsequent Watergate scandal cover-up.
She was the fifth Governor of Lapland and the first woman to hold the office.
Togiola Talalelei A. Tulafono is a former Governor of American Samoa.
This was an attempt to build a line between Toronto and Lake Nipissing.
Ventura also hosts "The world according to Jesse" on RT summer 2017.
He was a loyal follower of Sir Wilfrid Laurier and, in 1904 became Solicitor General of Canada in Laurier's Cabinet.
He is one of seventeen members of the House of Representatives who subsequently served on the Supreme Court.
The Modoc leaders were hanged for war crimes by the Army.
However Michigan's delegation to Congress was seated as "spectators", pending Michigan's admission as a state.
He served as a Scottish National Party Member of the Scottish Parliament from 1999−2013.
He reported directly to Chief of Naval Operations Admiral Arleigh Burke and the Secretary of the Navy Charles Thomas.
He served in that position until July 2012.
In that election, de Jong captured 10.26 percent of the vote, his best showing as a member of the Green Party.
Their ongoing hostility erupted into civil war in 31 BC, as the Roman Senate, at Octavian's direction, declared war on Cleopatra and proclaimed Antony a traitor.
Rapp is a former Mayor of the town of Mars Hill.
He was appointed by his longtime friend George W. Bush and sworn into office on January 20, 2001.
She was opposition spokesperson on Scotland, Education, and Pensions.
Nujoma retired as SWAPO party president on November 30, 2007.
On August 17, 2010 Rossi defeated his Republican primary challengers, but lost to incumbent Senator Patty Murray in the November 2 general election 47% to 52%.
He also served as commissioner of the National Basketball Association from 1975 to 1984.
Succeeded by his former Chief of Staff, Dilma Rousseff, he left an enduring mark on Brazilian politics in the form of Lulism.
Throughout the Vietnam War, Lê Duẩn took an aggressive posture.
This campaign was conducted in collaboration with French economist Michel Chevalier, and succeeded despite Parliament's endemic mistrust of the French.
From mid-World War I he had a major influence in Poland's politics, and was an important figure on the European political scene.
Shoemaker served from 1983 to 1997 in the Ohio House of Representatives.
After completing his studies in 1973, he was employed by the State Bank of Czechoslovakia, where he held a number of posts.
Roosevelt campaigned vigorously and the McKinley-Roosevelt ticket won a landslide victory based on a platform of peace, prosperity, and conservatism.
After his defeat, Abbott returned to the private sector serving as president of the Retail Council of Canada.
Castro previously exercised presidential powers in an acting capacity from 2006 to 2008.
Randy Cameron Kelly is an American politician and the former mayor of Saint Paul, Minnesota.
William "Bill" Hubert Rompkey, PC was a Canadian educator who served as Member of Parliament from 1972 to 1995 and a senator from 1995 to 2011.
Warren is an active consumer protection advocate whose scholarship led to the conception and establishment of the U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.
He served on Louth County Council between 1979 and 2003.
Khan won the largest number of votes in one election of any politician in British history.
In August 1908, Moore was appointed commanding officer of the 5th Military District Intelligence Section, where he remained until March 1914.
From 2001 to 2009, he was Minister of Employment of Denmark in cabinets I II, and III of Anders Fogh Rasmussen.
Alexander Contee Hanson was an American lawyer, publisher, and statesman.
In October the same year, he oversaw a general election in 2002, which saw the victory of the army backed PML-Q.
As Culture Secretary, Hunt spearheaded the drive for local TV, resulting in Ofcom awarding local TV licences to several cities and towns.
In 1853 he moved to Cincinnati, and in 1857 he moved across the river to Fort Thomas, Kentucky.
The district includes all of Michigan's Huron, Lapeer, Sanilac, and St. Clair counties, plus northern Macomb and eastern Tuscola counties.
Adopted as his heir, he became the wealthiest daimyō outside the Tokugawa.
Warren Minor Christopher was an American lawyer, diplomat and politician.
John Eder is an American activist and politician from Maine.
He also won a seat in the National Assembly of Côte d'Ivoire in 1990.
He served until the end of Carter's presidency in 1981 and then served as a senior executive with Nike for several years.
He served as a Representative, Senator, United States Ambassador and was the longest-serving United States Secretary of the Treasury.
He was a member of the team, negotiating Lithuania's membership in the European Union.
A member of the Democratic Party, he was formerly Cyprus's Finance Minister and the European Commissioner for Health.
Marie-Ségolène Royal, known as Ségolène Royal, is a French politician and prominent member of the Socialist Party.
During his years as the school's president, Yale's schools first organized as a university.
As of February 2000, James returned to the office of leader of the opposition.
Before his death on October 20, 2009, he was the oldest living former U.S.
Berchtold served in World War I and upon Germany's defeat joined the German Workers' Party, a small extremist organization at the time.
Thomas Lionel Dugdale, 1st Baron Crathorne, TD, PC, known as Sir Thomas Dugdale, 1st Baronet, from 1945 to 1959, was a British Conservative Party politician.
He became a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1938.
Aikins was appointed counsel to the Manitoba government in 1900, and was responsible for drafting the Temperance Act passed by the government of Hugh John Macdonald.
He entered the lumber business in 1879, and subsequently played a major role in developing the industry in Manitoba's northwest.
In the election he collected over 36,000 votes, placing 11th place.
Among the most important events of his tenure was the 1997 East Asian financial crisis.
Her father is Eamon Tuffy, a Labour Party councillor for Lucan, he was co-opted to replace her in 2003.
He subsequently entered public life when he ran as the provincial Liberal candidate for Cumberland and was elected in the 1911 provincial election.
Making conservation a top priority, he established a myriad of new national parks, forests, and monuments intended to preserve the nation's natural resources.
He did not seek reelection and served a single term in the House, March 4, 1845 – March 4, 1847.
The submarine USS Glenard P. Lipscomb was named after him.
The EHRC also had the role of promoting and defending human rights, and secured recognition as the national human rights institution for England and Wales.
He is a member of the Republican Party.
When the Turkish War of Independence began, he resigned from his position and went to Ankara to collaborate with Mustafa Kemal Atatürk.
He also helped draft the Force Bill in 1833.
He is often confused with John Trumbull, a famous artist during the revolutionary war and early years of the United States
Edmund Ezra Day was an American educator.
In 2009, he surpassed Benjamin Sheares to become Singapore's longest-serving President.
She launched a second bid for the 2017 presidential election, which took place in April 2017.
On the former occasion, he defeated J.A.
He then instated the 1940 Constitution of Cuba, considered progressive for its time, and served until 1944.
Previously she had served as a government minister.
Thomas Howard "Tom" Kean Jr. is an American Republican politician, the current Minority Leader of the New Jersey Senate, and a New Jersey State Senator.
In 1936, he was briefly the interim President of the Second Spanish Republic, from April 7 to May 10.
Over the following years, he climbed up the ranks of the Serbian Army and fought against Bulgarian forces in 1885.
In accordance with his beliefs, he founded a society for the protection of Estonian historical monuments.
He was a member of the Estonian Parliament from 2003 to 2014.
No candidate received an electoral majority, and so the election was decided in the House of Representatives.
This is viewed as a major cause of Union victory in the Civil War, and his achievement in expanding the Navy almost tenfold was widely praised.
He continued in these roles when Jack Pizzey succeeded Nicklin as Premier on 17 January 1968.
She is Chairwoman of the Advisory Board of A Soul for Europe.
By the beginning of World War II, his status within the Soviet Union became that of a political unperson.
Jean Beatrice Forest, OC is a retired Canadian Senator.
He was sometimes nicknamed The Lion of Verdun.
She moved to Chicago when her mother remarried in 1929, and later took the name Davis from her stepfather.
James Mark Dakin Purnell is a British broadcasting executive and a former politician.
William North was an American soldier and politician.
Filip Andrzej Kaczmarek is a Polish politician and Member of the European Parliament
This is a Manchu name; the family name is Niohuru.
Henry Bonilla is a former congressman who represented Texas's 23rd congressional district in the United States House of Representatives.
He was elected again in 1948 as an MLA.
Apartheid created strict racial classifications and reduced the rights of natives, particularly.
A Republican, he served as San Francisco's mayor from January 1948 until January 1956.
As General Secretary, Xi holds an ex-officio seat on the Politburo Standing Committee of the Communist Party of China, China's top decision-making body.
DeMint resigned from the Senate on January 1, 2013, to become president of The Heritage Foundation, a conservative think tank.
Fong held Series 7 and 63 securities licenses and was a principal of Belstar Group, a New York-based asset manager.
He is a member of the Indian National Congress.
Douglas MacArthur II was an American diplomat.
Donna Lease Brazile is an American author and political analyst.
Bakiyev was the leader of the People's Movement of Kyrgyzstan before his ascendance to the presidency.
He was a teacher, education officer and electorate officer before entering politics.
He held both seats until the ending of the dual mandate in 2003.
In 1980s, he led demonstrations aimed against President Zia-ul-Haq's administration and successfully ran in general elections held in 1988.
In 1992, he played a leading role in the No campaign against the Maastricht Treaty.
He is credited for having initiated a campaign to rid the country of corruption.
They have three children: Claudia, Ryan and Neil.
Ralston was subsequently elected by acclamation on January 2, 1940 and entered the 18th Parliament.
Kevin Francis Shelley is a California politician, who was the 28th California Secretary of State from January 6, 2003, until his resignation on March 4, 2005.
In 1929 he became Justice Minister, a post which he held until 1935.
Gallatin never wanted the position and was humiliated when forced to withdraw from the race because he lacked popular support.
He was later assassinated in retaliation by an IRA unit in Booterstown, County Dublin.
He also acted in an expert consultancy role to DGXII at the European Commission.
He served as mayor of Montreal from 1957 to 1960.
He was formerly in Indian National Congress.
When Henry VIII became King of England in 1509, Wolsey became the King's almoner.
Following a period of intense media speculation, McDiarmid was appointed as Lieutenant Governor of Manitoba on August 1 of the same year.
He died on 30 September 1943 in New York City, where he was representing his country.
He also served as the Governor-General of New Zealand in the early 1920s.
Thomas "Tom" McCabe was a Scottish Labour Party politician.
He currently serves as the director of the non-partisan Institute of Politics at the University of Chicago and is a Senior Political Commentator for CNN.
Donald "Don" Clarke Abel is a former politician in Ontario, Canada.
Francis Michael Jordan is an American politician, former police chief, former mayor of San Francisco and a foundation executive.
Raised in Bannu, Ghulam Ishaq graduated from Peshawar University and entered the Indian Civil Service, opting for Pakistan after the independence in 1947.
He was sworn in on March 5, 2004, after winning a special election to represent District 1.
In 1970, he won the presidency in a close three-way race.
When war broke out in 1939, Lawson went to work for C.D.
At the time, members of the legislature were required to resign their seats and run for re-election in a by-election.
