He became a British citizen in 1871.
He was a pupil of Michael Wutky at the Vienna Academy.
He paints much of his works outdoors, or en plein air in the tradition of Corot, Monet, and American Impressionists such as Childe Hassam.
Later in life, he moved to Bitonto where he painted for many churches.
His art drew inspiration from a wide range of sources.
After graduating from University, White continued in the area of printmaking.
His name is first mentioned in civic registers, tax lists, and municipal accounts in 1396.
Valerio Profondavalle, or Valerio Diependale, was a Flemish historical painter of the Renaissance period, born in Leuven, but active in Italy.
Albrecht Glockendon the Elder was a German engraver and manuscript illuminator.
He completed some of the panels for the church of San Nicolo dei Mendicoli.
Judson Huss, born Clifford Judson Huss, was an American-born painter and sculptor of fantastic art.
Andrea Busati was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period.
He was born in Ischitella near Foggia.
He painted frescoes on the Life of the Magdalen for the church of San Cristoforo in Vercelli.
He was also known as Giuseppe del Bastaro.
Jennifer Hogwood is a commercial artist born in Bedfordshire, England.
Some returning to their homeland after 1630, brought new styles, and gave a new direction to painting in Verona, from which it fell to extreme decadence.
One of his most famous pictures is The Descent from the Cross, the altar-piece at the Garrison Church in Potsdam.
After he retired, Adam moved to Dauphin, Manitoba.
He was very skilful in aerial and lineal perspective, and imitated steps, doors, and windows, so perfectly as to deceive men and brute animals.
She has held solo exhibitions in California, Iowa, Michigan, Minnesota, and Wisconsin, as well as taking part in group exhibitions in Japan and France.
He painted the altarpiece of San Donnino in the church of San Domenico in Cesena.
Among his works are frescoes in the church of the Carmine in Trento.
Keith Breeden RP is a graphic designer and portraitist.
Hayllar had paintings shown almost ever year from the 1880s–1890s at the Institute for Oil Painters and Dudley’s Gallery.
Her awards include grants from the Adolph and Esther Gottlieb Foundation, COLA, two from the National Endowment for the Arts and a California Community Foundation Fellowship.
In 1814 she became a professor at the Prussian Academy of Arts and worked since 1824 entrusted with the leadership of the Academic School engraving.
Simone Brentana was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active in Verona.
He painted Mystical night of Saint Theresa with Saints Andrea Corsini and Ursula for the church of the Carmine in Medicina.
Arnold Alfred Schmidt, born in 1930 in Plainfield, New Jersey, lived most of his life in New York City.
Michelangelo Carducci was a 16th-century Italian painter of the Renaissance period active in Umbria.
Her works are in several permanent art museum collections.
He competed against Marcantonio Franceschini with cartoons for the mosaic decoration of the Vatican.
He was born in Sant'Andrea Apostolo, today a frazione of Solofra in the Province of Avellino, Campania, and died in Gravina di Puglia.
There are things so ugly that I can't paint them.
He is also often referred to as Ludovico Garzi.
His father was the painter Francesco Botticini.
Orazio Bruni was an Italian engraver of the Baroque period.
Florantha and Granville's daughter Elvira married James Hutchings, the early promoter of Yosemite.
Adolf Des Coudres was a German landscape painter.
He painted with Natali in the Oratory of Santa Maria delle Grazie, Parma.
In 1884 at the Exposition of Fine Arts a Florence and at Turin, he displayed Porta San Giorgio of Florence and Sulla stazione.
He initially trained under Giacomo del Po, but desiring to paint landscapes he worked under Nicola Massaro, who claimed to have trained under Salvatore Rosa.
He also copied his father's pictures, and like his brother Giambattista, must take his share in the prolific number of canvases attributed to Jacopo Bassano.
Felice Boselli was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly in Piacenza.
His son, Christian Eberhard Eberlein, who was also a painter, was born at Wolfenbüttel in 1749, and died at Göttingen in 1804.
He has shown his paintings in both solo and group shows in Hawaii and on the mainland.
After initial work with his father, he traveled to Venice for a few years.
In the latter, his native town, he painted a Visitation for the Sant'Ubaldo and for the church of Santa Maria della Piaggiola.
It is not known whether he was a pupil of Titian, but he was clearly influenced.
Raphael and wife Caroline were the parents of Joseph Strauss, a German–American structural engineer and designer.
He was a son of Giovanni Francesco Cassana and an elder brother of Niccolò and Giovanni Battista.
Lincoln College, Oxford, and Trinity College, Oxford,
Lorenzo Gennari was an Italian Renaissance painter.
He writes articles on art and aesthetics and is the editor of Article Press at Birmingham City University.
He painted a life of St Benedict in the cloister of the Olivetans in Ascoli Piceno in 1615.
He is also known as il Moro.
Giovanni Francesco Surchi was an Italian painter of the late-Renaissance period, active in Ferrara.
He also held the Paul Smith scholarship at the Slade School of Art
Auguste Hüssener was a German engraver and miniature painter.
Leo Aurelio Marzolo was a restorer of paintings at the Art Institute of Chicago and was also a painter.
In 1696, he painted frescoes for the tombs of the Beato Giovanni del Bastone in the church of San Benedetto in Fabriano.
He was honored with a retrospective of his career in 1999.
Besides of the Luther portrait, also a portrait of Philipp Melanchthon by the anonymous artist is known.
His painting of Christ in the Garden is in the Galleria Doria Pamphilj.
Vicente Guirri was a religious Augustinian Spanish painter of the Baroque period.
Edith Hume was a British painter and illustrator.
Two works in the Brera, the 'Baptism of Christ,' and the 'Adoration of the Magi,' are ascribed to Appiani.
The Pulpit of S. Peter's; after Bernini.
He painted for the cathedral and the church of Sant'Angelo de Rossi.
A Coronation of the Virgin in the Gallerie dell'Accademia of Venice is ascribed to him.
Born and raised until age 12 in Guadalajara, Mexico, and moving to California and has resided there ever since.
His work is in various public collections in the UK which can be viewed through the Art UK website.
Pierre Lamo was an Italian painter mainly of histories.
Pro's work hangs in museums, government facilities and private collections around the world.
Marco Angolo del Moro,, the son and pupil and assistant of Battista, flourished in the latter half of the 16th century at Venice and Verona.
Professor Richard Demarco has said of her work "I delight in the mark-making of Alice Mumford.
His brother Giorgio Ghisi, was a well-known engraver.
Ippolito Andreasi was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period.
Francesco de Mura was an Italian painter of the late-Baroque period, active mainly in Naples and Turin.
Girolamo Donnini was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, born in the town of Correggio, Emilia-Romagna.
His work has been shown in many exhibitions including the 2nd Prague Biennale, plus the LIGA Gallery in Berlin and Marianne Boesky in New York City.
His first works were sea-pieces, but afterwards he devoted himself to animal painting, in which he was very successful.
She was a painter who exhibited at the Royal Academy in London and Paris and achieved a moderate living from her paintings.
He painted a Madonna altarpiece now in Palazzo del Priore in Perugia.
Cristoforo Agosta or Agosti or Augusta was an Italian painter of the Mannerist style.
His figurative oil and acrylic paintings, often monochromatic, were a departure from ordinary subject depiction.
Here he was exposed to the avant garde and political and social concerns of post-modern art.
He was given this name because he signed his prints with a small die.
Pietro Maselli was an Italian painter, mainly of still lifes and landscapes, in oil and water color.
Greene had more than 2 dozen solo exhibitions of his work in leading art galleries in New York City.
He also painted a number of well-known actresses such as Grace Kelly.
He taught at the Famous Artists School in Westport, Connecticut, at the Art Students League, and at the Silvermine College of Art in New Canaan, Connecticut.
While in Paris he painted his Sabbath Morning in Styria, a large work with twenty-six figures.
Frank Hyde was a British portrait and figure painter.
His brother, Michelangelo Vanni, is better known as the inventor of a process of making pictures by staining marble than as an artist.
This would have been in the 1530s and possibly early 1540s.
He painted many historical busts for private patrons in the Venetian territory and in Lombardy.
Her signed painting, The Adoration of the Shepherds, is now in the Pinacoeteca of Siena.
He taught art at Manual High School in Indianapolis and at the Herron School of Art from 1905-1919.
Active since the 1950s and popularly known from the 1970s on, McReynolds' works are often on canvas measuring several square feet.
One of his pieces, "Simon Sparrow Outsider Art Picture, ca.
Languasco was born in San Remo, Liguria.
Mary Anne Criddle, née Alabaster was an English painter.
He painted frescoes in the gallery of the Marquis of Genzano.
His father, the painter Enrico Vaymer, was originally from Kiel in Holstein.
He was born in Venice, was a follower of Titian.
Fox is represented by Guido Maus, beta pictoris gallery / Maus Contemporary in Birmingham, AL.
Accordingly, he shows up as such in certain sources.
He is a follower of Domenico Beccafumi and Il Sodoma, and influenced by Federico Zuccaro.
He also executed a great number of landscapes, as well as genre and historical pieces and portraits, the best of which are:
"Noel Forster was an adventurous and productive artist whose glowing, audacious personality looked out from his canvasses."
By 1974, he was confined to bed as an invalid precipitated in part by alcoholism.
Hinrik Bornemann was a Northern German Late Gothic painter.
She was active as an exhibitor at the Royal Academy from 1872.
He likely worked as an assistant to Titian for many years, especially given the close resemblance of his style with that of the Venetian master.
William Joseph Williams was an American painter.
His name is derived from an altarpiece in St. Mary's Church in Iserlohn.
Domenico Bocciardo was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active in Genoa.
Among his pupils were Fabrizio Santafede and Ippolito Borghese.
He is buried in historic Mount Holly Cemetery in downtown Little Rock.
His work was impressionistic and fluid, utilising bold colours.
Giovanni Maria Cerva was a 17th-century Italian painter of the Baroque period, active in quadratura in the city of Bologna.
He painted an admired Crucifixion with Peter and Andrew.
He painted the four evangelists in the niches of the cupola of San Sigismondo at Cremona.
He did not achieve enough success to stay, however, and returned to Florence in 1728 to teach at the Academy of Fine Arts.
Pietro Lauri was a French painter, active mainly in Bologna.
He is mentioned as an artist of considerable talent; his works are perhaps sometimes mistaken for his master's.
Marc Handelman is an American painter living and working in Brooklyn, New York.
Ian Weatherhead is an English watercolour artist.
Felix and Catharine for the Basilica of Saint Anthony of Padua.
Child of Holocaust survivors, he was brought up and educated in London, England.
Ticozzi claims he trained, along with Federigo Bianchi, with Carlo Francesco Nuvolone.
It depicts the stigmata as well as several scenes from the saint's life.
This altarpiece is painted in tempera on wood in the Byzantine or maniera greca style.
He painted a Life of San Antonio for the church of San Antonio at Pesaro.
In 1883, again at Milan, she exhibited: Un aggressione; I fidanzali; and La visita.
Niccolò Roselli was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period.
His son Michael Ellenshaw has directed a short film while his sister Lynda Thompson is also a visual effects artist.
He is also called Giacomo di Mino.
Philip Padwick died in 1958 at Midhurst, West Sussex, aged 82.
From 1896–99 Vogel's works were collected into two volumes.
Paolo Camillo Landriani was an Italian painter of the late-Renaissance period, active mainly in Milan.
After twenty years of residence in the country, he then returned to Germany, his homeland.
Fillipo often painted small figures for the landscapes of Claude Lorraine.
His works are principally at Pisa and Livorno.
She was active in the Baroque period.
Giovanni Ulisse Lucci was an Italian painter of the late-Baroque period, active near his native Fabriano in the Region of the Marche.
An account of his other works will be found in Barotti's Future e Scolture di Ferrara.
He worked in the late Gothic style.
Among his works are: Il meriggio; La luna di miele; Sulla sera; Paese solitario and Campagna siciliana.
The identity of the Master of the Die is uncertain.
In 1421 the master was listed for the first time as a householder.
Charles Tersolo is a Boston artist and member of the Copley Society of Art.
In 1271, Grifo rented a workshop in Volterra together with Filippo di Jacopo.
This and an associated group of other works are generally accepted to be by Paolo Veneziano, and the Gallery officially lists them as such.
Roux was born to a Huguenot family.
He has been identified with the anonymous "Master of the Halepagen Altar".
Francesco Piranesi and Tommaso Piroli published these frescoes in a series of engravings in 1805 and attributed each drawing to Giulio Romano.
Lanzi said of him that he softened down the style of Piazzetta with that of Ricci.
Caffé was born in Küstrin, and began his career as a painter of architectural decoration.
He was one of the founding members of Rockwell Gallery in Dalston, London, which was from 2002-2007 an influential artists' run space.
His tomb is located in Oliwa Cathedral in Gdańsk.
Jones was born in Botswana and lives and works in London.
He also painted an Annunciation for Santa Maria dell'Avocata and a Madonna of sorrows for San Giovanni Battista delle Monache.
He rendered the citizens of Hammersmith relaxing in and around the local pubs, theatres and shops.
Among his pupils were Bernardo Minozzi and Carlo Lodi.
In 1904 Spiro was briefly married to the famous actress Tilla Durieux, who later married the important art dealer Paul Cassirer.
By 1931, Best was painting pin-ups for the Joseph C. Hoover & Sons calendar company.
Alexander Zick was a German painter and illustrator.
He studied painting under Giovanni Bilivert from 1612 to 1620.
In 2015, at 80 years of age, she published her memoir "80: A Memoir".
The relationship of Cesare to the Modenese painters with the same surname, Pellegrino from the early 16th century or Alessandro Aretusi from the 17th, is unclear.
Alex Gene Morrison is a contemporary artist born in Birmingham in 1975.
Sixteen plates from the Pamphili Gallery; after Pietro da Cortona.
The largest collection of the work of Otto Greiner in the United States is held by the Jack Daulton Collection in Los Altos Hills, California.
Miradori was born in Genoa, thus also called il Genovese or Genovesino.
Fechner was born at Gross Särchen, near Bad Muskau, and studied in 1814 at Dresden under Grassi and Retsch.
He then studied at the Dresden Academy from 1922 to 1923.
For twenty years they worked painting landscape elements for other historical painters.
Very little remains of this artist's productions, and no exact date is known of his death.
Bernhard Strigel was a German portrait and historical painter of the Swabian school, the most important of a family of artists established at Memmingen.
He was the pupil of Giovanni Bernardo della Loma.
She is a Professor of Fine Art at Otis College of Art and Design in Los Angeles.
Giovanni Antonio Guardi, also known as Gianantonio Guardi, was an Italian painter and nobleman.
Johann Friedrich Dryander was a German painter.
Andrea Boscoli was an Italian painter of the Renaissance.
His later works are executed in an individualistic Rococo style.
His work hangs in three presidential libraries.
Onorio Marinari was an Italian painter and printmaker of the Baroque period, active mainly in Florence.
After his graduation of the college, Rogers moved to Detroit and became a commercial artist, mostly drawing cars for the automobile industry.
Giovanni Andrea Casella was a Swiss-Italian painter active in the Baroque period.
Albert Johann Ludovici, son of Henriette Amilie and Johann August Ludovici,.
He was a pupil of Andrea Vaccaro.
Antonio Catalano the Younger, also called Catalani or il Siciliano, was an Italian painter of the late-Renaissance and early-Baroque periods.
Harold Knight RA was an English portrait, genre and landscape painter.
A cartoon of the painter shows his highly deformed lordotic posture.
The French painter Balthus is his nephew.
The artist's paintings have been featured on the 1999, 1995 and 1990 Federal Duck Stamps, raising millions for conservation.
Piermaria Bagnadore, also called Pietro Maria Bagnatori, was an Italian painter, sculptor, and architect of the late-Renaissance period.
After his father died, he entered the studio of Ciro Ferri in Rome.
Kacere painted his first photorealist painting in 1969 involving the midsection of a woman dressed in lingerie.
He studied at the Academy of fine arts in Karlsruhe by Horst Antes from 1986 to 1992.
As a passionate sportsman Wickerode loved to depict game, a talent which Zimmerman pointed out to him.
A long journey in Italy confirmed her opinion.
Cavaliere Giacinto Bellini was an Italian painter active in the Baroque period.
Garibaldi's work is strongly derivative of the work of artists Denny Dent and Jean-Pierre Blanchard.
Born in Florence, he was a pupil of the painter Francesco Furini, then moved to Rome, where he joined the Accademia di San Luca in 1652.
Based in London, he produces oil paintings that recreate iconic historical works—portraits, landscapes, nudes, etc.—using as subjects rough maquettes constructed from waste card and paper.
Biagio Pupini was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period, active mainly in his native city of Bologna.
The Master of the Tucher Altarpiece was a German painter active in Nuremberg.
There are very few information available about the life of this artist born in Como, Italy, although many paintings of his still survive.
In 2010 he took part in London's Elephant Parade, creating an 'Impossimal' version of a baby elephant.
She has had numerous solo exhibitions of her work.
In the principal church at Clusone is the Virgin and Child, with Saints and The Baptism of Christ by St. John.
Vonn Cummings Sumner is an internationally exhibited American painter.
He began as a portrait painter but by 1864 he was painting and exhibiting landscapes at The National Academy of Design.
The images depict a series of frescoes by Raphael's workshop in the Vatican loggia.
His main work was the Altarpiece of St. Luke for St. Mary's Cathedral in Hamburg, now shown in St. James the Greater Church.
A prolific history painter, he was also known for his portraits.
Friedrich August Moritz Retzsch was a German painter, draughtsman, and etcher.
He painted history scenes into quadratura by Domenico Ghislandi for the Palazzo Terzi as well as for the Palazzo Moroni in Bergamo.
He was a follower of Federico Barocci
He was born in Sant'Angelo in Vado, and painted around mid-1530s.
Other frescoes have primitive oddities: such as his depiction of the The Massacre of the Innocents.
He later enrolled in the university of Christian Immanuel Oehme where his interests and classes turned to the arts.
He painted the St. Helena finding the Cross for Santa Maria del Carmine, which was lost in the fire at the church in 1771.
In 1957 he published his autobiography, Zwischen Karneval und Aschermittwoch.
After his return he published "Marginal Drawings to Bavarian Poets", and in 1838 completed his illustrations to Herder's Cid.
He was the brother of famous Calabrian painter Mattia Preti.
In conjunction with that master and Giotto, he was employed by Pope Boniface VIII to illustrate several books, now in the library of the Vatican.
It is said that her husband stabbed her to death in a fit of jealousy.
In 1851, he had an exhibit displaying a series of dissolving views of London, the Crystal Palace, and New Orleans at Charleston, South Carolina.
The Master of the Iserlohn Altarpiece was a German painter, active in Westphalia during the first third of the fifteenth century.
Carlo Salis was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
He graduated from New World School of the Arts in 1995 and from the Cooper Union School of Art in 1999.
He studied jurisprudence at Oxford and Bonn.
He then began a long teaching career: during the 1980s and 1990s, Beattie taught at Goldsmiths College in London.
She is active in the Society for Disability Studies and has participated in marches for disability rights.
She often exhibited at the Promotrice of Naples.
His son Paolo as also a painter.
His work has appeared in print, including:
Giovanni Battista Fiammeri was an Italian painter and Jesuit priest, active in Florence.
He was probably related to the sculptor Guido Mazzoni.
Flora Macdonald Reid or Flora M. Reid was a British painter and the sister of the artists John Robertson Reid and Elizabeth Reid.
Girolamo Ruggieri was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
She was working at Rome about 1600, and died there in her 50th year.
He began working as a freelance illustrator in 1967.
He was born in Dublin, received his artistic education there and begun his career as a portrait painter.
He created the first hybrids in the intermediate bearded iris group, and is thought to have created more than 100 cultivars of bulbous iris.
His works show the influence of Salomon Gessner.
Hans am Ende was a German Impressionist painter.
Each subject is very personal for Robinson in both selection and execution.
He putatively rebuilt the San Giusto church in Volterra.
He studied at Munich in 1839, went for improvement to Paris in 1845, and settled at Berlin in 1860.
Pietro Marescalchi or de Marascalchi was an Italian painter of the Renaissance, active near his hometown of Feltre in the Veneto.
Upon completion he returned home again, and continued painting until after an accident in which his wife and daughter were killed.
Heaphy was the eldest son of the portrait painter Thomas Heaphy and Mary Stevenson.
At the same time the Master participated in the creation of the Rhetorica ad Erennium now held at Holkam Hall in Norfolk.
Garibaldi was born in Los Angeles, California.
An architectural painter, primarily a watercolourist, he also paints in oils.
He is associated with the Düsseldorf school of painting.
The following works by him may also be mentioned:
Charles McAuley died on 30 September 1999.
He was born in Milan where his first training was with Gioseffo Danedi, il Montalto.
His son and pupil, Carlo Garbieri, was a history painter.
Candido Vitali was an Italian painter of the late Baroque period.
He was a fellow-pupil with Carlo Cignani in the studio of Francesco Albani, then a pupil of the former.
He made frequent trips between Minnesota and Hawaii before settling in Honolulu.
Oulton's work is essentially abstract though her early work often resembles rocky landscapes.
He painted historical pictures, generally small in size, which were much sought after.
Giovanni Maria Tucci was an Italian painter.
One of his pupils was Joseph Vernet.
Alessandro Albini was an Italian painter of the early Baroque period.
In Naples, like many of his contemporaries there, he was influenced by the style of Caravaggio.
In 1861 he participated in Swiss campaigns, in 1870 and 1871 in the war between France and Germany.
Afterwards, he went to Rome, where his picture of Orpheus in the Lower World gained him a considerable reputation.
He was chiefly employed in easel pictures of portraits, and of religious and historical subjects.
He visited Rome, and returning to Venice worked there until 1563.
Born in Milan, he was a pupil of the painter Antonio Busca.
Other works by him are "Old Road near Paris" and "On the Merrimac at Newburyport."
John Valentine Haidt was a German-born American painter and Moravian preacher in Pennsylvania.
He also executed some excellent aquatints, such as 'Pius IX.
He worked under the latter in the Villa Imperiale of Pesaro, where he would influence Raffaellino del Colle.
He lived for most of his life in England.
He graduated from the Kingston upon Thames School of Art in 1961 with a Diploma of Painting with Honours.
Roy Best was an American illustrator and painter of pin-up girls.
His paintings and drawings are rendered in oil paint and pencil, using muted, almost monochrome, colours.
He was a follower of Federico Barocci.
Thomas Lyde Hornbrook was a British marine artist.
He lives and works in Sleepy Hollow, New York City.
He was born at Vicenza c. 1510, and worked at Bologna about 1540.
The city of Rome drew at the time many German artists, such as Peter Cornelius, Johann Friedrich Overbeck and Julius Schnorr von Carolsfeld.
He painted for the church of San Domenico at Cremona, where he was employed with Campi.
R. Sawan White is a contemporary, abstract artist, residing in Lincoln, Rhode Island.
She painted her impressions of a space shuttle launch in 1984, under the auspices of the NASA art program.
Among his pupils were Antonio Baroni, Michelangelo Spada, Tommaso Dossi, Antonio Elenetti, Giovanni Battista Marcola, and Lodovico Buffetti.
He also produced some landscapes and seaports.
He was admitted a member of the Munich Academy in 1858, and died at Munich in 1867.
Antonio Giusti was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly in Florence.
Ilario Casolano was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
Johan Richter or Giovanni Richter was a Baroque painter, born in Sweden, but painting mainly landscapes or veduta of Venice.
His political stance was broad and nuanced with homoerotic imagery.
f. This etching has been attributed to N. Poussin, but it is by Chiari.
Little biographical information is known, except that he was the son of Benedetto Cianfanini, also a painter.
After graduating in 1875, he studied law and was admitted to the bar.
Bocchi painted both battles and genre scenes of dwarves and occasionally other mythical beasts.
After much travelling, he returned to Florence in 1630.
Mural paintings of similar subjects may be found at the Friedenskirche, Düsseldorf.
Stefano Volpi or Volpe was an Italian painter from the early Baroque art period, mainly painting sacred subjects in Siena, Italy.
Urbano Romanelli was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
They are from the designs of Claude de La Ruelle and Jean La Hire, and are etched in a slight, spirited manner.
Domenico Olivieri or Olivero was an Italian painter, who painted genre scenes influenced by the Flemish Bamboccianti painters.
He was also called il Poppi after his native town.
Descrizione di tutte le pubbliche pitture della Città di Venezia e isole circonvicine o sia Rinnovazione delle Ricche Minere.
Working as an illustrator at Barnes-Crosby Engraving in Chicago, he became interested in etching.
Most famous works by W.A.Stryowski depict Gdańsk society - Jews, Romas, workers, prominent citizens.
He was an artist living at Venice between 1438 and 1460, was probably a pupil of Jacobello.
He was a pupil of Ludovico Brea, and painted in collaboration with Andrea Semini.
He is known primarily through records of his works.
From 1852-1854 suffered partial blindness and stopped working, but was still working when her biography was written by Ellen Creathorne Clayton in 1876.
Richard Foster is a British painter, principally of portraits.
David was the official painter for the Jacobite court living in Rome.
Jane White Cooke was an American portrait painter.
He studied from 1795 to 1797 at the Hohe Karlsschule under Philipp Friedrich von Hetsch, a follower of Jacques-Louis David.
Major commissions can be seen all over Ireland.
He currently resides in Atlanta, Georgia Business His first gallery show was at the Barbara Archer Gallery in Atlanta.
The playwright and painter Patricia Broderick, who died in 2003, was his partner for the last six years of her life.
Giovanni Antonio Lelli also painted a ceiling fresco for the church of Santa Lucia in Selci.
Evangelista Schiano was an Italian painter, mainly of sacred subjects.
Joyce Wahl Treiman was an American painter.
He is thought to have been a native of Pavia.
These scenes which depict the legend of Mary Magdalene are thought to be his earliest known work.
He studied at the Academy of Fine Arts, Munich.
He trained first with Francesco Brizio, then with Francesco Albani.
He painted a Pietà in the Modena Gallery, dated 1485.
He served as President of the fledgling association from 1806 to 1807.
^ 8 Painting(s) by or after Polidoro da Lanciano, Art UK
Cedric Smith is an African American artistic painter.
He engraved a plate of The Assumption of the Virgin after Guido Reni.
His pupils included Louise Seidler, and he was the father of the court painter and art professor Carl Christian Vogel.
After his death in 1908, she returned to Bowling Green to study with Hergesheimer.
His best-known works are his winter landscapes and watercolours.
He is represented by Wilkinson Gallery in London, Christian Ehrentraut in Berlin and Adam Biesk in Los Angeles.
He became abbot after his brother, Giorgio Duranti's death.
He married and kept a family at Dresden, where he painted for the court.
His masterworks are frescoes in the choir of the Canons of the Cathedral of Atri.
He was a native of Lorraine, but resided in Rome.
He painted a ' St. Peter' in Sant' Agata in Ravenna.
His younger brother Charles Heaphy became an explorer and decorated military man, and two of his sisters also became miniature painters.
He also completed an etching of the Nativity after Paolo Veronese.
Cosimo Ulivelli was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly in Florence.
In May 1773, he moved to Dresden, and in February 1776 he moved to Hamburg, where his father was Director of Music.
He was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1979.
He worked again as a lithographer in Cincinnati until he returned to painting in 1894 when he opened a studio in Indianapolis.
Noel Harry Leaver was an English painter and teacher.
Giovanni Bernardino Azzolini was an Italian painter and sculptor who continued painting in a late-Mannerist style, mainly active in Naples and Genoa.
Beattie's unusual use of hieroglyphs with signs and characters arranged in a cellular format was displayed with a 1986 production called Legend.
There are Bacchanal and landscape subjects painted by him.
He is cited as a painter in Genoa in 1426.
Fra Ferrante Bacciocchi was an Italian painter active in Ferrara.
He painted a History of S. Raimondo at the Santa Maria sopra Minerva.
His notname is derived from an altarpiece in the monastery of Heisterbach.
Here he found constant employment in the commissions given hira by gentlemen whose parks and residences were in his neighbourhood.
There was a work also in Sassoferrato.
Lowry's work made him aware of the many special qualities of the north and soon he began producing street scenes and industrial landscapes.
He trained with the cavalier Francesco Currado and worked along Ludovico Cardi.
The Apostles John, Peter, Mark, and Paul; after Albrecht Dürer.
He engraved eighteen plates from the designs of Titian, for a textbook of anatomy.
He was born in Burslem, Stoke-on-Trent, England, where he started his artistic career as a china painter.
His abstract paintings and sculptures reference color field painting, pointillism, phenomenology, and minimalism.
His brothers, Heinrich and Julius Elsasser, were also landscape painters.
His daughter, Luigia Maria Rosa Alboni, was also a landscape painter.
In the 1570s he decorated the castle of the Obizzi family at Battaglia Terme with 40 frescoes.
Francesco Civalli was an Italian painter of the Baroque, active in Perugia.
She was born and active in Rome.
Giacomo del Pó was an Italian painter of the Baroque.
But he was also larger than life."
Much of his work depicts trains and the rail transport industry in the Western United States and Alaska.
Gustav Philipp Zwinger, painter and etcher, was born at Nuremberg.
Born in Bologna, he was a pupil of the painter Guercino, then of Carlo Cignani.
He was born in Rigby Road, Southampton, but his family soon moved to Lobelia Road.
Fisher was born in London and started writing poetry in 1962.
He trained with the painter Giovanni Battista Trotti.
Giovanni Angelo Criscuolo was an Italian painter active mainly in Naples.
Her works are noted for their "careful, precise observation" and "stark arrangements of objects".
Benjamin O'Fallan Raborg was an American artist.
Jürgen Schmitt alias Schmitti is a German painter, photographer, and as "Schmitti", a composer, lyricist and Schlager-singer.
I will change the subject to suit my purpose.
He also painted frescoes for San Nicola, Atri.
Francesco Ange was an Italian painter of the late-Baroque period.
He married Flora Louise Dart on April 16, 1913.
Castle is best known for designing posters for the Stanley Kubrick film A Clockwork Orange and for Paul McCartney's Wings tour, among others.
Maria Katharina Prestel neé Maria Katharina Höll, was an engraver and painter from Nuremberg, and active in London.
Not much is known about Botticini's life, except through his works.
The artist signed it "Cesare Antoni Accius, fecit, inv.
Benedetto Nucci was an Italian painter of the late-Renaissance or Mannerism period.
There is also a painting by him of The Virgin crowned by Angels, dated 1512, in the church of Sant' Alessandro in Colonna.
His son, Michelangelo Fracanzano, who was also a painter, died in France about 1685.
Philpot was born in Clapham London, but the family moved to Herne in Kent shortly afterwards.
He was also called Parmigiano the younger or Michele da Parma.
Angels in particular – androgynous, half animal-half human creatures – captivated Rodriguez with their allure.
Monti became a colleague of Baldassare Bianchi, Mitelli's son-in-law.
During 1507–1523, Boccardi and his son Francesco painted the choir-books of Monte Cassino and Perugia.
But I like the patina of things that have been battered by life".
His simple realistic works were highly esteemed at Siena, Bologna, and Venice.
Eugene Palmer is a Jamaican-born British artist.
He is suspected to have been the son or grandson of the painter Paolino Apollodoro.
His masterwork is the panel with St. George and the Dragon, held in the Pinacoteca Nazionale di Bologna.
It is traced, that he lived at Lerchen Straße 43 in Munich around 1850.
Another pair of frescoes, in the third and fourteenth niches, appear to be by the same hand.
She worked with oils, watercolors and pastels.
After demobilisation, he was recruited by Ronald Massey, a London agent seeking nautical illustrations for publicity material.
He also painted the official Downing Street portrait of Margaret Thatcher, who upon inspecting his work, requested that he add her handbag to the portrait.
He was also called Il Pittorino or Padre Pittorini, as a Franciscan monk in the convent of S. Francesco in Bologna.
Buonaventura Ligli, known in Spain as Ventura Lirios was an Italian painter, active in Naples and Madrid.
He was instructed in art by his father and by Mannlich, but he afterwards studied the works of Claude Lorrain and Karel Du Jardin.
He was a pupil of Domenico Gargiulo.
He is buried in the Walnut Hills United Jewish Cemetery in Cincinnati.
Henry George Keller was an American artist who led a generation of Ohio watercolor painters of the Cleveland School.
In 1875, he went to Cincinnati where he worked as a lithographer and attended the Cincinnati Art Academy.
Giovanni Francesco is said by Vasari to have worked in Rome for Pope Leo X.
He painted one of the most successful and enduring pin-up images of all time, Sitting Pretty, for Joseph C. Hoover and Sons of Philadelphia.
Also in Empoli are two tables with Saint Jerome and Saint Sebastian, dating back to around 1500, from the Society of St. Andrew in the Collegiate.
Joos Amann von Ravensburg, a German painter, who practised at Genoa in the 15th century.
Gruelle's son, Johnny Gruelle became famous as a commercial artist and creator of Raggedy Ann.
Hans-Peter Zimmer was a German painter and sculptor.
He was born in Como, Region of Lombardy, in Italy.
Domenico Maroli was an Italian painter, active in a Baroque style in Sicily and Venice.
Karl Kröner was a German painter and writer.
Santo Zago was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period.
Born the nephew of the painter Giovanni Battista Passeri, Giuseppe trained in the studio of Carlo Maratta.
During this process, White etches into the layers of paint and wax.
His colouring is more vigorous than that of his instructor, and his design more graceful.
He is best known for painting The Arkansas Traveller.
Niccolò Frangipane was an Italian artist of the late Renaissance period.
He was selected in 1535 to complete decoration of the apse of the Parma Cathedral.
In France, he was referred, by a number of names, including le Sieur Canalety and Pietro Bellotti di Caneletty.
He was a pupil and collaborator of Lorenzo Lotto from 1550 al 1553.
Carlo Antonio Procaccini was an Italian painter of the late-Renaissance period.
It is unclear if he is related to the Baroque painter Giovanni Battista Speranza.
Martha Walter was an American impressionist painter.
He exhibited locally and maintained a home there through the 1940s.
His subjects were chiefly forest scenes, studies of trees, and the like.
He has been awarded by the Society of animal artists.
After returning to Rome he worked with Andrea Pozzo, and became an expert fresco artist.
He studied sciences and music; he was known as an excellent player of the violoncello.
Stone claims to have secured the commission by cold-calling Clarence House and saying "I could be a latter-day Rembrandt".
He was born and active mainly in Venice.
He painted the ceiling fresco of the Love of the Fatherland and Jacob's dream for the Casa Buonarroti in Florence.
He was also co-editor of Aloes Books.
He was the pupil of the slightly older painter Giovanni Battista Tortiroli, and afterward studied under a relation named Luigi Miradoro Agostino Bonisoli.
Giuseppe Caletti or Calletti was an Italian painter and engraver of the Baroque period, active in Ferrara and Cremona.
He died there at the age of 95.
The Modena Gallery has three works by this artist— an 'Annunciation,' a 'Presentation in the Temple,' and a 'Birth of St. John the Baptist.'
In 1680 Garzi was appointed Regent of the Congregazione dei Virtuosi al Pantheon, the papal honor society of painters.
He was initially a pupil of Antonio Paglia.
Instead, the unpigmented wax/resin blend is added in between layers of oil paint.
Rodella "Della" Purves was a British botanical artist.
One of his pupils was Stefano Gherardini
A Hercules and Hebe by him is in the Karlsruhe Gallery, and a Resurrection in the church of his birthplace.
Giacomo Antonio Arland was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
Nunzio Ferraiuoli was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, mainly of landscapes.
Eugene Spiro, born Eugen Spiro was a German and American painter.
Don Kloetzke is an American painter with more than thirty years of painting experience.
Among his works are four panels depicting the Life of Saint Sylvester, now housed in the Museo Civico of the Palazzo Chiericati in Vicenza.
His work shows traces of the influence of Stefan Lochner, he may have been of the masters workshop members.
He was court painter to the Grand-Duke of Baden, and died at Baden-Baden in 1862.
Angelo Puccinelli or Puccinèlli was an Italian painter
His style puts him in the Bolognese School of painting.
He studied painting in Munich and then at the Arts Academy Dresden, visited Italy, and settled down in Munich.
In her later paintings she is known to have inserted self-portraits.
Niccolò Cassana was an Italian painter born in Venice and active during the late-Baroque.
Gretchen Baer is a noted American painter and performance artist living in Bisbee, Arizona.
Antonio Triva was an Italian painter and engraver of the Baroque period.
He painted a Madonna of the Humility in the Palermo Gallery.
He was buried in Powerstock churchyard, Dorset.
The artist lives and works near Hanover and in California.
He had his first solo exhibition in 1930 at the Dresden gallery of Józef Sandel.
He was called Da Rimini, as was also his elder brother Francesco, who painted in 1533.
Ignazio Oliva was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active near his natal city of Orta di Atella.
She became an oil painter studying under John Hayter.
He was chiefly employed in portraits, though he occasionally engraved emblematical and architectural subjects.
His work has been exhibited at numerous venues in San Francisco, New York, Los Angeles, Berlin and Sacramento.
Hellmich’s work consists of large-scale, oil-on-canvas paintings that depict imagined architectural spaces with an emphasis on texture, geometry and form.
Robert Kuven was a German/French painter and watercolorist.
He was active in Cologne and is known for his religious works.
He was born in Rome, and a follower of Cavalier D'Arpino, whom he assisted in decorating the Lateran Palace.
His last retrospective painting show was in Hereford Museum & Art Gallery in 1993.
Queen Alexandra purchased at the same time a further three pictures, all associated with views taken during Cowes Regatta week.
Thorpe received his BA degree in 1994 from Humberside University and his MA degree in 1998 from Goldsmiths, University of London.
He was born and a resident of Palermo.
This piece, which has since been removed to the Germanisches Nationalmuseum, is now believed to be the work of the Master of the Bamberg Altar.
As an architect, he helped reconstruct the Palazzo dell'Orologio in Pisa.
Carlo Bozzoni was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
He also became an abbot of the Augustinian order of Canons Regular of the Lateran.
He was a pupil of the painter Guido Reni.
Watson died at the age of 81 in Poway, California after a brief struggle with cancer.
Giuseppe Oriolo or Orioli was an Italian painter of the late-Baroque.
His paintings, which are to be met with at Karlsruhe, Darmstadt, and Frankfurt, display genius and grandeur of style.
He is the official artist of the Texas Baseball Hall of Fame.
The wife of painter Felice Torelli, she was the mother of painter Stefano Torelli.
He was a Franciscan monk of Genoa.
Johann Heinrich Schönfeld was a Baroque painter of Germany.
In Paris he studies with Henri Laurens, Benjamin, and Constant.
He first studied under Lorenzo Pasinelli; but he was afterwards instructed in the school of Carlo Cignani.
Francesco Barbieri was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
He graduated from Williams College in 1928, as well as studying in Boston Museum School of Fine Art.
Antonio Capolongo was an Italian painter of the late-Renaissance period, active mainly in Naples.
He collaborated with Andrea Landini in frescoing some salons of Villas belonging to the Corsini family.
Among his works are twelve frescoes in the Casa Garballi representing subjects emblematical of the Arts and Sciences.
In Genoa, he painted a Death of St. Francis for the church of San Niccolo, and a St. Francesca Romana for the church of San Stefano.
He painted for the churches and public buildings of Naples.
He also painted two altarpieces, a Crucifixion and a Circumcision for the Sanctuary della Madonna del Pianto in Ono Degno, near Pertica Bassa.
He also painted miniatures and in watercolours.
Giovanni Battista Ricci nicknamed Il Novara after his birth town, was an Italian painter of the late-Mannerist and early-Baroque period, active mainly in Rome.
He was a pupil of the painter Denis Calvaert, then of Guido Reni.
Collections of his works are in Coburg, Dresden, Hamburg, Leipzig and Vienna.
He is described by Michel Remy in his book Surrealism in Britain as one of the "harbingers of surrealism" in Great Britain.
He painted a canvas for the church of Santi Stefano e Niccolao in Pescia.
Nathaniel Jermund Pousette-Dart was a painter and an art writer from St. Paul, Minnesota.
James Otto Lewis was an American engraver and painter who was noted for his portraits of Native Americans and other figures of the American frontier.
Born in Pomarance, he is known also as Antonio Pomarancio.
He is renowned for accompanying Goethe in his Italian Journey to Naples, Paestum and Sicily, executing several drawings whilst there.
She died in Milan at age 60.
Her work ranged from "the impishly perverse and humorously paradoxical to the brilliant and profound."
The Magazine American Artist, August 1998, wrote an article on Strickland because he had won the "Hahnemuhle Pastel Self Portrait Contest" in 1997.
He died in Verona on April 18, 1725.
The Maine coast and the White Mountains of New Hampshire were two of his favorite subjects.
was an English painter who predominantly worked in oils and specialized in female nudes.
He also collaborated with his brother Leandro Bassano, including portraits of Sagredo.
A notable student of his was the Norwegian landscape painter Adelsteen Normann who studied with Dücker from 1869 to 1872.
He mentored his son, Francesco Bassi the younger, in similar style.
He was born at Florence and initially trained with Francesco Furini.
"In comparison with other great capitals of the world London remains astonishingly unpainted.
She began her career at the Theatre Royal, Windsor which was then run by her aunt and uncle Mary Kerridge and John Counsell.
He was born in Recco near Genoa and studied under Enrico Haffner, and formed a close friendship with Francesco Costa.
Francesco Porcia or Francesco Apollodoro was an Italian painter, chiefly of portraits in Padua.
She appeared in "The Chicago Art Scene".
Bernardino Cesari was an Italian painter of the late-Mannerist and early Baroque period, active mainly in Rome and Naples, where he assisted his brother Giuseppe Cesari.
Besides art and literature Allyn Gordon also had interests in archeology and genealogy.
Sam Messer is a painter living in Brooklyn, New York with his wife, film writer and director Eleanor Gaver, and daughter.
Giovanni Antonio Burrini was a Bolognese painter of Late-Baroque or Rococo style.
The use of abrupt contrasts of light and dark is characteristic of Capitelli's work.
Christ and the Samaritan and A Blind Man led by a Dog after Annibale Carracci.
Unfortunately he died in Rome at the early age of twenty-seven.
Luca Cattapani was an Italian painter of the late-Renaissance period, active in his native Cremona.
He is also called the Eremita di Monte Senario.
He completed an etching of a Holy Family, after Giovanni Domenico Cerrini, who was his intimate friend.
He worked from reality, adventuring outdoors to paint his landscapes..
His work shows traces of the influence of Robert Campin.
Otto Seitz, was a 19th-century German painter; born 3 September 1846 in Munich.
Along with Paolo de Matteis, he was pupil to the painters Luca Giordano.
James 'Jimmy' Bingham, was a Belfast-based painter.
Passeri describes him as dressing in high fashion, but behaving with a low reputation.
In 1830 he went to New Orleans, where he died of cholera four years later.
Gerald Edward Moira was an English painter who became best known for his murals.
Francesco Polazzo was an Italian painter of the late-Baroque period, active mainly in Venice.
Cristofano or Cristoforo Gherardi, also known as il Doceno, was an Italian painter of the late-Renaissance or Mannerist period, active mainly in Florence and Tuscany.
John Register said, "I look for offbeat beauty.
His work also focuses on the daily experience of disassociation and imitation in the digital age, as well as the merging of object, subject and medium.
Schäufelein created a playing card deck about 1535, which is regarded as a highlight in German 16th century playing card production.
Baldassare Bianchi was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
He painted for the church of San Sigismondo at Cremona.
Vignali was born in Pratovecchio, near Arezzo, and initially trained under Matteo Rosselli.
Cristoforo Savolini was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active in the region near Pesaro and his native town of Cesena.
His older brother Giovanni Agostino Cassana was also a painter.
He painted for a church in Naples, a Calvary now exhibited in Castel Capuano.
Gustav Paul Closs was a German landscape painter.
He trained with his father, Giovanni Francesco Cassana, a Genoese painter, who had been taught the art of painting by Bernardo Strozzi.
The paintings are generous, funny and just a bit opaque...
Nothing is known of Stefano di Francesco's painting.
Josef Rebell was a German/Austrian painter; born January 11, 1787, at Vienna.
His Sonnet Suppos'd to be Written at Lemnos, is his masterpiece, and is unquestionably the greatest English sonnet of the 18th century.
Deeply indebted to Surrealism, Moore's paintings frequently depict dream scenarios and futuristic landscapes, often with environmental sub-texts, or references to AIDS.
Michele Pace del Campidoglio was an Italian painter of still-life depicting fruit and flowers.
Luca Forte was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly as a still-life painter in Naples.
She paints on large canvases using egg tempera on gesso, with a subject matter normally drawn from visits to the streets of South London.
Frederick Vezin also Fred or Frederik was an American-born German painter, engraver and lithographer.
Bernardino Campi may have been a relative.
Mariangiola Criscuolo was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period, active mainly in her natal city of Naples.
Jacob Acker was a painter in the second half of the 15th century in Ulm, Germany.
Giacinto Gimignani was an Italian painter, active mainly in Rome, during the Baroque period.
His most important woodcuts are those for the Theuerdank of Emperor Maximilian.
Johann von Soest was a German painter active in Westphalia during the fifteenth century.
Girolamo Danti was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period, active in Perugia.
Rogers grew up in San Diego, California, where his parents encouraged him to pursue his artistic talents at a young age.
He was born in January 1858 in Camberwell, Surrey, and died in December 1923 in Hastings, Sussex.
Girolamo Curti was an Italian painter of the early-Baroque, specializing in quadratura.
She was a leading artist of the Cologne avant-garde during the 1920s.
The Master of Badia a Isola was an Italian painter.
The Demokratischer Frauenbund Deutschlands, Group 540, bore her name.
Stephen Bury, Curator, British Library, 8 December 2007
He was involved in making art purchases for the Royal collection.
He was a follower of Zenale, but little is known of his life or works.
The Master of San Torpè is an anonymous Tuscan painter, active around Pisa in Gothic style.
He is a founding member of Aosdána.
From 1933 to 1935 he was head of the Nordische Kunsthochschule in Bremen.
He also painted a Madonna and Child with Angels and Saints for the church of San Niccolo.
For many years, he worked as a scene painter in New York, and produced also a panorama of New York, which was exhibited in that city.
Andrea Previtali was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period, active mainly in Bergamo.
He worked alongside Fortunato Gatti and Giovanni Maria Conti.
Giuseppe Pierre Joseph Grisoni, also known as Grifoni or Grison, was an Italian painter and sculptor, noted for his landscapes and historical tableaux.
The scenes are painted against gilded backgrounds.
Giovanni Evangelista Draghi was an Italian painter of the late-Baroque or Rococo period.
Francesco Boccaccino was an Italian painter of the Baroque.
A. Koch and Reinhardt, he was induced to adopt landscape painting, in which line he is best known.
Carl Maria Nicolaus Hummel was a German landscape painter and etcher.
Gruppe's artistic career began in 1915 but was briefly interrupted in 1917, when he spent a year in the United States Navy.
Paul's work explores and parodies the glamorous way of life with seductive and dramatic effect, accentuated by an excellent sense of colour and powerful abstract values.
In 1819 he was encouraged by Hieronymus Hess, at Rome, to devote himself to genre painting.
In 1620 he visited Germany; on his return he decorated several houses, and painted for churches and theatres.
Cecil Kennedy, was a British artist best known for his highly detailed oil paintings of flowers.
Odoardo Vicinelli was an Italian painter of the late-Baroque period.
Giovanni appears to have had a short apprenticeship with Sandro Botticelli, then been associated with the studio of Lorenzo di Credi in Florence.
As well as original watercolours, he also produces limited edition prints.
He began his career as a commercial woodcarver's apprentice in Indianapolis until an ankle injury disabled him.
He also worked in Venice and Bologna.
The Master of the Bützow Altarpiece was a German painter, active in the area around Lübeck around 1500.
He later became a Commercial Art teacher at New Jersey's Kearny High School.
He painted a Conversion of St. Paul for the church of Monte della Pieta in Turin.
Ernst Zacharias Platner was a German painter and writer born in Leipzig.
Ho became well-known at Turin, where he was working about 1660.
Eduard Wilhelm Daege was a German painter who served as Director for both the Prussian Academy of Art and the National Gallery.
Maestri probably knew the engravings as his inscriptions beneath the framing lines are similar to those reported by Piranesi and Piroli.
His hybrid works are greatly influenced by the abstract expressionist and graffiti art movements.
He traveled to Rome as a young boy, and later became pupil of Pietro da Cortona in Rome.
Teodoro Ghisi was an Italian painter and engraver of the Renaissance Period, mainly active in his native Mantua.
He painted a Santa Eurosia for the parish church of Mazzurega.
In 1660 he went to Venice, and there received instructions from Pietro Liberi.
He painted a St. Silvestro shows Constantine portraits of Saints Peter and Paul for Santa Croce in Gerusalemme.
Commenting on the events of the plague, Bernasconi states that:
Register's work was used, and credited, as the inspiration for the video for "Turn My Head" by the band Live in 1997.
The Darmstadt Gallery has a View of the Studio of the Sculptor Scholl, by him.
Gustav completed his studies under Heinrich Füger in Vienna, and returning to his native town, became in turn professor and director of the Art School.
Gian Domenico Valentini was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
Francesco's oldest brother Francesco Lauri was also a painter and a pupil of Andrea Sacchi, who died young.
Born in the Piedmont, he is said to have been a pupil of Guercino.
Giovanni Spoldi was an Italian painter, active mainly in the Veneto, painting vedute of marine scenes.
William Francis Burton was a prolific English marine and landscape artist, who painted in oils.
She married the engraver Leonardo Norsini, who took his wife's more distinguished last name.
His masterpiece is the Abraham and the angels in the apse of the Duomo di Pisa.
He showcased it in his successful DuBois Gallery in Estes Park, Colorado until he was forced to close following the town’s devastating 1982 flood.
Stuart Pearson Wright is an English portrait artist, winner of the BP Portrait Award.
Giuseppe Roncelli was an Italian painter and priest of the late Baroque.
In the Gallery of Bologna, there are miniatures of Guido Reni, Lorenzo Pasinelli, Giovanni Gioseffo Dal Sole; while in Dresden is a female portrait.
A native of Bridgeport, Conn., Haley attended Yale University and moved to Portland in 1947 with her husband.
Once she begins to paint, she works for three-hour sessions, and takes from four months to two years to complete a painting.
Giovanni Maria Butteri, also known as Giovanmaria Butteri, was an Italian painter of the Mannerist period, active in his native Florence.
He was buried in the Worpswede Cemetery.
Bertram A. Goodman was an American artist.
His brother, Cosimo, was a sculptor, engraver, and painter who died in Rome in 1580.
Antonino Grano was an Italian painter and engraver, principally active in Sicily.
Benedetto’s father Gabriele Caliari was a stonecutter.
Milne Ramsey was an American artist who painted still lifes, landscapes and nautical scenes.
He was best known for his landscape paintings of both Indiana and southern California.
The Master of the Berswordt Altar was a German painter, active in the area around Dortmund during the 14th and 15th centuries.
Adam was again re-elected in the 1977 election, which was won by the Tories under Sterling Lyon.
He continued to exhibit in other venues in London and throughout the UK.
In the self-portrait, she depicts herself as swinging from the tail of a letter Q. Additionally, she inscribed her name over her head.
Around 1579 he executed a Visitation for the cathedral at Carpi, and in 1586-7 he worked in the Palazzo di Goito.
He has travelled widely in Asia, Africa and the West Indies on assignment for the European Commission, the Commonwealth Secretariat and the British Council.
Portrait du général Jourdan et de son adjudant.
He chiefly resided at Naples, where he occasionally worked as a scenic designer in collaboration with Vincenzo Re.
Her illustrations were generally black & white silhouettes but she is also known for color lithography.
Her collection is now part of the Kew Herbarium.
A detached fresco, depicting the Madonna and Child and now found in the Pinacoteca in Cremona, has also been ascribed to him.
Raffaello Botticini was an Italian Renaissance painter.
Ferrante Amendola was an Italian historical painter, active in Naples.
He moved to Philadelphia and enlisted in the army in 1942.
The copy of the Last Judgment is now at Naples.
Works attributed to Troppa are also found in Cesi, Narni, and Terni.
Henrie was born Paul McKinley Henrie in Tampa, Florida.
Among his pupils were Domenico Bettini, Romolo Panfi, Alessandro Rosi, and Carlo Dolci.
He claimed that he had sold the painting under his own name and that the attribution had been the work of one of the intermediate owners.
He was a pupil of the fellow painter from Cento, Paolo Rossetti, but is chiefly distinguished for his talents as a mosaicist.
He was frequently confused with Nicola Vicentino.
Giovanni Andrea Sirani was an Italian Baroque painter from Bologna.
He is now a professor at UCLA.
He engraved for a book entitled Imprese illustri di diversi, published by Camillo Camilli in 1535.
Much of the Airfix artwork was destroyed but the lids of many millions of boxes remain
An Adoration by the Magi is found in the Museo Civico of Feltri.
Anton Josef Dräger, also known as Joseph Anton Draeger, an historical painter, was born at Trèves in 1794, and died at Rome in 1833.
Jay's portrait of Hitchcock is in the collections of the National Academy.
Now resettled at Bushmills in his native County Antrim, he paints Antrim's rugged coastline.
Giulio Cesare Angeli was an Italian painter of the early Baroque, active mainly in Perugia and Bologna.
Born in Barga in Tuscany, he was active in Rome and Florence.
In Schick's last years, his style of Raphaelesque classicism gradually acquired a romantic orientation.
He helped decorate the chorus of the church of the Carmini in Brescia in 1634.
Giovanni Battista Cavazza was an Italian painter and engraver, who was born at Bologna about the year 1620.
He was certain to have been trained in the workshop of his already famous brother.
Agostino Facheris was an Italian painter, active in Bergamo, Italy.
Over half a dozen works are collected in the Pinacoteca Civica Fortunato Duranti.
Fanny Pieroni-Davenport was an Italian painter, active mainly in Florence, mainly of portraits.
He was a pupil of the painter Andrea del Sarto and stayed behind to paint in the court of Francis I of France.
After the death of his colleague Hans Bornemann in 1475, he took over Bornemann's studio and married his widow.
Along with Giulio Croma, he set up a painter's academy in Ferrara.
Heitland was born and trained in England and her work Through the Wood was included in the book Women Painters of the World.
Paul,' and in the church of the Servite monastery the principal altar-piece is by him.
He married Mary Fowler October 13, 1816 at White Creek, New York, and they had ten children.
Otto Stark was an American Impressionist painter who was considered to be a member of the Hoosier Group of Indiana artists.
Lorenzo Fratellini was an Italian painter of the late-Baroque period.
One of his pupils was Giovanni Battista Botticchio.
She also attended the University of Wisconsin–Madison.
Harry Hudson Rodmell was an English painter and Commercial artist, specialising in marine art.
His pen and ink drawings show a fine draughtsmanship without requiring cross-hatching.
He painted a signed altarpiece of the Madonna and Saints in a Verona Gallery.
Owing to frequent attacks of low fever he was unable to reside in London, and he finally settled at Richmond in Yorkshire.
He was born in Urbino, and there became a follower of Federigo Barocci, said to have been his uncle.
In 1375 he received six gold florins and thirty-one soldi for painting the doors of the great crucifix in the cathedral of Siena.
He is thought to have influenced Johann Karl Loth and Antonio Zanchi.
His sister, Angela Beinaschi, was a portrait painter.
Giulio Caporali was an Italian painter and architect of the Renaissance.
He was a mentor to the painter Fra' Galgario.
Although often considered one of the most important photorealist painters, Cottingham rejects the label of being a photorealist.
Born in Yugoslavia, Vasa has lived in Los Angeles since his arrival in the United States in 1960.
He won a competition award in 1546 right after his return to Augsburg.
Von Bemmel was born in Nuremberg in 1686, the second son and pupil of Willem van Bemmel.
He was born in Frankfurt, and trained under Hans Grimmer.
He went on to become a landscape and figurative painter.
In 1610, he also painted for the Stanze of the Palazzo del Capitano in Brescia.
Luca Ciamberlano was an Italian painter and engraver of the Baroque period.
In regards to the fine arts, Rome owes all to Greece, but in painting never acquired the individuality in which it did in the other arts.
He painted history and orientalist paintings,  and also undertook portraits.
Melchior Feselen, an historical painter, of Passau, lived at the same time as Altdorfer, whose works he imitated with assiduity.
Ercole Gennari was buried in the family chapel of the Bolognese church of St. Nicholas of Albari.
He was the father of the artist Friedrich Preller the Younger.
He returned to Florence to paint in the Palazzo Pitti and also was a respected portrait painter.
He also enjoyed collecting butterflies, moths and bugs and kept detailed records and drawings of these insects.
Hundreds of secrets were typed up, placed in tiny plastic baggies, and encased in plaster.
John Mascaro is a painter and self-taught architect working between New York and Los Angeles.
Another Frontispiece, with the Arms of Duke of Modena, and in the middle some Children; the Virgin Mary in the Clouds; after the same.
He was originally a color-grinder to Bernardo Strozzi, who instructed him in design, and he afterwards studied landscape painting under Godfrey de Weals.
In the refectory of the convent of San Vitale, he painted a Last Supper.
Ottavio Amigoni was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active in Brescia.
Francesco Dominici, also known as Francesco Fugazza, was an Italian painter, known for his portrait paintings, and active in and near Treviso.
He spent a great part of his life in travel, visiting England, the Netherlands and France, and residing for a considerable period at Naples.
He was chiefly known as a copyist of his father's works.
Barbello frescoed Glory of the Magdalen and scenes from her life in the presbytery and apse for the church of Santa Maria Maddalena, Cremona.
Otto Arpke was a graphic artist, illustrator, painter, and teacher at the Kunst- und Gewerbeschule in Mainz.
In 1945, Fruhtrunk began to study privately under the painter and printmaker William Straube in Neufrach, who was a student of Hölzel and Matisse.
In Liverpool, where he lived for nearly twenty years from 1964, he taught at Liverpool College of Art and Liverpool Polytechnic.
In 1715 he travelled to London with John Talman and tried to establish himself as a portrait painter.
He was a pupil of Giovanni Gioseffo dal Sole.
Gresta painted altarpieces for parish churches in Ala. A year before his death, he traveled to the German town of Bruchsal to become court painter.
Hans Bornemann was a late Gothic painter who was active in Hamburg.
According to some sources, one of the earliest of the postwar New York "shaped canvas" paintings, by Edward Clark, was shown at the Brata in 1957.
He, son of Joseph Altmann, was born in Feuchtwangen and grew up in Ansbach.
Giovanni Giacomo Semenza was an Italian painter of the early Baroque period.
He designed one type face, Arpke Antiqua which is available in digital form as Taiko.
He formed Gruppe SPUR in 1957 with the painters Heimrad Prem, Helmut Sturm and the sculptor Lothar Fischer.
His work has been praised by the Los Angeles Times as: "Peculiar and rich, oozing with passion..."
Karras was born in Chicago in 1924.
He died at Rome, at the age of thirty-six years, in the pontificate of Pope Paul V.
He was born in 1870 and lived in New York City.
He enlisted in the Virginia National Guard during the Second World War, and was sent to Europe as a paratrooper.
John H. "Jock" Wilson was a Scottish landscape and marine painter, president of the Society of British Artists in 1827.
This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: Chisholm, Hugh, ed.. "article name needed".
Guglielmo Caccia called il Moncalvo was an Italian painter, active in a Mannerist style depicting sacred subjects.
Terzi passed the greater part of his life in Germany, but died in Rome.
Francesco Merano was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, mainly active in Genoa, where he was born.
He married Anna Massima, and his son, Alessandro Agostino, became cardinal in 1675, while a distant nephew, Marcello, became cardinal in 1743.
One of his most famous performances was at the Woodstock '94 concert.
He painted also genre and historical subjects.
His father, the painter Francesco Imparato, was a colleague of Francesco Santafede.
He is also known as Fra or Frate Arsenio because he joined the Servite monastery in 1605.
His work encompasses portraits, landscapes, aviation and space, ships, cars and his new collection of cat-related fine art paintings.
He mentored his nephew, the printmaker Francesco Faraone Aquila.
In 2010 a painting by Delaney, in the style of L.S.
He was employed some time at the Court of Modena, and died young at Genoa, of a malignant fever.
He was a native of Poscante, in the valley of Brembana.
Adam left cabinet entirely on January 30, 1985, and did not seek re-election in 1986.
Two of Albert's children became artists, his eldest son Albert Ludovici Jr., and his second daughter Marguerite.
The Master of the Schöppingen Altarpiece was a German artist active in the area around Münster between 1445 and 1470.
Giacomo e Filippo and Santa Maria degl'Angeli.
He also did interior artwork for the following issues, which were completed before he became a cover-artist:
Stokes is working on a book honoring the Tuskegee Airmen.
A pupil of Titian in Venice, Peterzano debuted in Milan with the counterfaçade frescoes in San Maurizio al Monastero Maggiore, influenced by Veronese and Tintoretto.
Clemens von Zimmermann, historical painter, was born at Düsseldorf on 8 November 1788.
Attributed to him also is "God the Father with the Dead Christ" at Heiligengeist Hospital in Lübeck.
He was born at Venice, and was initially instructed by his father.
The Album for the Prince Metschersky, with whom he travelled in Spain in 1860–61, may be considered his best work.
Their daughter, Alison de Lima Greene, is a curator at the Houston Museum of Fine Arts and has published a number of works on modern art.
His "Indians Receiving Gifts" mural is at the Guntersville Post Office in Guntersville, Alabama.
His major pupils were Giuseppe Folco, Giuseppe Piuma, and Giacomo Grana.
He went to Rome, where he became a pupil of Domenichino, whose style he imitated with great skill.
He is represented by Casey Kaplan in New York, Johann Koenig in Berlin, Praz-Delavallade in Paris/Los Angeles and Nicolas Krupp in Basel.
He was born in France, and studied at the French Royal Academy.
Christian Leberecht Vogel was a German painter, draughtsman and writer on art theory.
She painted several works, mainly religious, while in the convent.
In 1933 he was arrested by the Gestapo and his paintings were branded as degenerate art.
Stylistically, her paintings are influenced by her father's work, her cousin Raphaelle Peale's still lifes, and seventeenth-century Dutch still lifes.
He exhibited at the Chisenhale Gallery with Unit.
Among his works are Parterre fuori la Porta San Gallo in Florence: displayed along with Una Pioggia and Gruppo di Contadini in the 1883 Florentine Exposition.
Antonio Catalani was an Italian painter of the late-Renaissance and early-Baroque periods.
Tommaso Redi was an Italian painter, who was active during the late-Baroque in his native Florence.
Sebastiano Bombelli was an Italian painter, mainly active in Venice, during the Baroque period.
He studied art at the Malschule in Worpswede, the Badischen Landeskunstschule in Karlsruhe, and the Munich Art Academy.
He was a pupil of Lodovico Carracci.
Fruhtrunk committed suicide in his studio at the Munich art academy on 12 December 1982.
William Wendt was a German-born American landscape painter.
He was born and worked in Reggio.
He is associated with the Düsseldorf school of painting.
He drew many illustrations for the theatre magazines of his day.
In 1868 he went on a trip to Italy to study old sgraffito work, but died in Naples before returning.
He painted a portrait of Charles VI, Holy Roman Emperor.
Orazio Alfani was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period, active in both Palermo and Perugia.
In 2014 a traveling 10-year survey of her work accompanied a solo exhibition in New York City titled: "Delightful, Delicious, Disgusting: Paintings by Mia Brownell 2003–2013".
His brother was known as Battistino del Gessi, initially a pupil of Domenichino and Gessi, then became a follower of Pietro da Cortona.
Pietro Facchetti was an Italian painter of the late-Renaissance, mainly active in Rome.
Norman Douglas Hutchinson was a British Royal painter, noted for his 1988 painting of Queen Elizabeth II.
His daughter Barbara Burrini was also a painter.
In the Accademia Gallery are included his Virgin and Child, formerly in Santa Lucia at Padua, and a Transfiguration.
He was a member of the Accademia di San Luca in 1655.
His style emerged after he painted a spontaneous portrait of John Lennon at a 1980 vigil.
He was active in the cities of Turin, Parma, Bologna and Vienna.
Born in Dresden as Conrad Felix Müller, he chose Felixmüller as his nom d'artiste.
He painted a Magdalen for the church of the Annunziata in Brescia.
Harald Julius von Bosse was a 19th-century architect and painter.
Frieda Blell was a German landscape painter.
He is the son of the Baroque painter Francesco Paglia.
He also painted landscapes in the style of Claude Lorrain.
He painted grotteschi on the ceiling of the church of the Confraternity of San Benedetto with figures and stories in chiaroscuro.
Other later inventions by Rand were not as widely received, and most of his ideas were not financially successful.
He painted in a late-Mannerist style and his style marks the transition from Mamnerism to Baroque.
He was a student of Charles Herbert Woodbury, and lived in Ogunquit, Maine during his active years a professional painter until his death.
She was divorced from screenwriter and cryptographer Leo Marks in 2000.
His mass reproduced paintings of sultry women, especially Tina make him one of the protagonists of Mass Market Art.
Giulio Quaglio the Younger was an Italian Baroque painter.
They were announced on 1 January 1946 for the United Kingdom, and Dominions, Canada, the Union of South Africa, and New Zealand.
Bass was a Chicago artist who started his career working for the Louis F. Dow Company in St. Paul during the mid-1930s.
A Nativity in the Bologna Gallery is also ascribed to Chiodarolo.
He settled subsequently at Florence, where he became court painter to the grand-duke.
He was the elder brother of Benjamin Rawlinson Faulkner.
Also, he designed the first coin of the Weimar Republic in 1919.
He accompanied Titian to Augsburg in 1548, and seems to have worked as his assistant.
Dan Walsh is a painter, printmaker and bookmaker based in New York.
He married actress and pianist Jadwiga Tyszka in 1985, and the two emigrated to America.
Until 2000, his music commitments limited the time he had available to develop as a painter.
Kate married in 1880 a widowed schoolmaster named Humphrey Hughes, who had three children from a previous marriage, but Kate never had children of her own.
He went on to study at the Maryland Institute College of Art.
He completed altarpieces for San Domenico and Santa Maria dei Servi in 1593-1594 and a Presepio in the Pinacoteca of Bologna.
Federico Cervelli was an Italian painter, who established his workshop in Venice at the age of about thirty.
Filippo Maria Galletti was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly in Tuscany, Parma, and Liguria.
Some works in the Oratory of San Nicola da Tolentino in Vicenza are attributed him.
He retired from the role in 1998, spending a further year as assessor at the Chelsea School of Art.
He died suddenly in the town of Desenzano.
Giovanni Battista di Pietro di Stefano Volponi was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period.
The fresco was devastated during the allied bombing during World War II.
After serving with the Royal Observer Corps during World War II, his graphic design work was largely replaced by commissioned oil paintings of new vessels.
Giovanni Ermano Ligozzi was an Italian painter a native of Verona, flourished about 1570.
Giacomo di Castro was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
Aristodemo Landi was an Italian painter, mainly depicting flowers and genre scenes.
Baldassare Aloisi, or Baldassare Galanino, was an Italian history and portrait painter and engraver.
His city of birth is uncertain; one possibility is Lecce nei Marsi in the Province of L'Aquila in the Abruzzo.
He was known to be active mainly during 1530–1540.
Kelly Sueda is a painter who was born and raised in Hawaii.
Tommaso Campanella was an Italian painter active during the Baroque, mainly in his native Bologna.
John Roy was a noted professor in the Art Department at the University of Massachusetts, Amherst from 1964 until his retirement in 1994.
His acceptance of Mannerism was slow, but by the 1540s the influence of Francesco Salviati and Agnolo Bronzino was visible in his work.
The figures in his landscapes are generally painted by Cesare da Sesto.
Niccolo Lamberti was an Italian painter of the Florentine school, active in 1382.
At the annual exhibitions of the Academy Hüssener regularly presented works from 1828 to 1860.
Antonio Giarola or Gerola, known as Cavalier Coppa was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
Eight years later Villalba moved to Miami where he is now based.
Bob Law was a founding father of British Minimalism concerning painting and sculpture.
She studied at Christ's College, Cambridge, and the Royal College of Art
He painted Saint Peter Released by the Angel which is now at the Museo del Prado in Madrid.
Most recently he was commissioned to create the artwork for Metronomy's 2008 album Nights Out as well as their single "Heartbreaker".
Retzsch was born in the Saxon capital Dresden.
He was a pupil of Giovanni Biliverti, whose style he imitated.
Francesco worked at Piacenza, Parma, and Rome, and then became ducal architect at Mantua.
Gualdoni attended Washington University, School of Art, from 1993–1995.
He was peripatetic, and became best known throughout Europe for pastel portraits, similar in style to Rosalba Carriera.
He painted for the royal palace of Monaco and in the Ducal palace of Sassuolo.
In the early 1680s he contributed to the frescoes on the vault of San Carlo al Corso, where his works included an Allegory of Faith.
Schongauer was born in Augsburg into an Alsatian family of artists, later settling in Colmar.
He painted mainly religious and mythological subjects.
Bossert was born in Heidelberg and studied in Karlsruhe, before settling in Leipzig.
From 1811 until his death he was a member of the Berlin Academy, and professor at the same from 1814 onwards.
Ehrenberg was a student of the painter Heinrich von Zügel.
In addition to Sagrestani, another pupil was the priest Luca Querci of Cutigliano.
In 1908 he became a member of Berlin Secession.
There are two works on display in the Pinacoteca Civica of San Ginesio in the Marche.
Gaussen's Portrait of the Artist was included in the 1992 Annual Exhibition by the Royal Society of Portrait Painters.
Mendes is known for his paintings of obituaries taken from newspapers.
He was an Instructor at the The Fashion School of Illustrating in Chicago.
He was born in Genoa, son and pupil of the painter Antonio Semini.
Although he only lived in Cornwall, for a few years, he was closely associated with the St Ives School of painters and sculptors.
Tommaso Bona was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period, mainly active in Brescia.
Richard Stone is a British painter, specialising in portraits.
His name is also written as Giovanni Battista Bajardo.
He worked with the young Paolo Veronese at the Villa Soranzo near Treviso in 1552, and subsequently is recorded painting at Castelfranco, Vicenza, and Verona.
He painted an Ascension for the cathedral at Pistoia.
Tölke also came to attention for giving private life-drawing classes to ex-pornstar Dolly Buster.
Paul Nicolas Roberts is the former lead singer and songwriter of Sniff 'n' the Tears.
Chuck McLachlan is a watercolor and oil painter from New England.
He was born in Massa di Carrara, and moved to Rome to work under Gian Lorenzo Bernini.
He was a versatile artist who worked in many genres and for a variety of aristocratic, religious and private patrons.
He was a self-taught artist and received a Wisconsin Visual Art Lifetime Achievement Award in 2012.
Alberto Magnelli was an Italian modern painter who was a significant figure in the post war Concrete art movement.
Alice Maud Fanner or Mrs. Taite was a British landscape painter.
Originally painting still lives in 1853 he began producing landscapes.
His painting 'Rooftops' has been in the collection of the City of London Corporation since 1989.
Margaretta Angelica Peale was an American painter, one of the Peale family of artists.
He was afterwards sent to Rome to the school of Ciro Ferri.
In 1917 he moved to Dießen am Ammersee and in 1919 to Schönberg on the Hessische Bergstraße.
He mainly painted perspective views and architectural subjects, in which the figures were painted by Marcantonio Franceschini and Carlo Cignani.
Pietro Sorri was an Italian painter active in Siena.
He also studied with Edouard Frere, among others.
He was the son of the painter Mariano Riccio whose style he imitated.
Agostino Castellaci was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
For the cathedral at Bergamo he painted images of SS.
The Master of the Staufen Altarpiece was a German painter, active during the fifteenth century.
Nicolò Grassi, also known as Nicola Grassi, was an Italian painter, active in a late-Baroque or Rococo style.
He also produced a number of woodcuts.
He also produced works of his own design; the altar-piece attributed to him at San Giovanni Nuovo, representing SS.
He was a relation of Giorgio Vasari, and accompanied him as an assistant to Naples, Bologna, and Florence.
He engraved the following plates from his own designs:
Innocenzio Taccone was an Italian painter of the Baroque.
Giovanni Battista Ruggieri was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
He became a pupil of Lucio Massari.
Witz is most famous for painting three altarpieces, all of which survive only partially.
Contreras painted from around 1960 to 1972, and then stopped painting for 25 years.
In 1921 he designed the sets for the silent film L'Atlantide.
He was born in Marblehead, Massachusetts and lives and works in New York City.
Duranti was also an abbot, count and knight.
After training in the workshop of his father, he seems to have painted few pictures of his own, and devoted himself chiefly to commerce.
Lugano also has some of his works; in the church of Santa Teresa at Como is a picture of that Saint.
Geoffrey Laurence is an American realist painter.
Giovanni Giacomo Monti, a partner of Bianchi, was Mitelli's pupil.
In 1820 he went to Munich, where he improved his style under Stieler.
Lewis Henry Meakin was an American Impressionist landscape artist born in Newcastle, England, moving to Cincinnati, Ohio with his family in 1863.
Lorenzo Tinti was an Italian painter and engraver of the Baroque period.
Pierfrancesco Cittadini was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly in Bologna and painting lush and rich still lifes.
In the church of San Michele in Bosco at Bologna, he painted Scenes from the life of St. Cecilia.
Probably from this fact he did not acquire much distinction.
Wilding's works are three-dimensional structures that create shifting patterns through their black and white designs.
His elder brother was the sculptor, John Quincy Adams Ward.
Giovanni Domenico Valentino was an Italian painter of the late-Baroque, who specialized in a mix of genre and still life painting.
Mattia Cadorin was an Italian engraver and publisher who flourished at Padua about 1648.
Antonio Rolli or Roli is an Italian painter active painting quadrature during the Baroque art|Baroque period, mainly in his native Bologna.
He was born November 26, 1893 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania as the second of three children.
Domenico Maria Viani was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
These include a depiction of the evangelist St Luke as a painter.
Attributed to Pasinelli, in the same collection is an atypical, almost genre-like allegory of a Young Girl with an Open Cage.
Georg Heinrich Busse, a landscape painter and engraver, was born at Bennenmühlen, near Hanover.
The result was hundreds of plaster squares - some with original prints and some with secrets peeking out from behind the plaster.
He was the pupil of the painter Gregorio de Ferrari in Genoa, and later of Antonio Maria Haffner.
Till Gerhard is a German artist based in Hamburg.
He painted along with his fellow pupil, Ferdinando Cairo, the vault of the church of Sant'Antonio in Brescia, as well as some side altarpieces.
He trained under Giovanni Maria Morandi of Florence.
This work was done after the design of P. Giovanni Battista Fiammeri.
He was a pupil of Belisario Corenzio and Salvator Rosa.
Paolo Zacchia il Vecchio, Zacchia the elder, or Zacchia di Antonio da Vezzano was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period.
He had two daughters and one son.
20 of his Works are by Museo Cantonale d'Arte of Lugano.
Edith Hayllar’s family was comprised completely of artists including her three sisters: Jessica, Mary, and Kate.
Martin painted a series of portraits of Chief Justice John Marshall, one of which hung in the US Supreme Court Building for many years.
He was born in Gesso, near Messina, and had his initial studies in Messina under Antonio Alberti detto Barbalonga.
Benso was born in Pieve di Teco.
Patrick Pye is a sculptor, painter and stained glass artist, resident in County Dublin.
Tony Pro is an American realist painter known for his paintings of the human figure, still life, and landscapes.
He died of the plague in 1657.
Jacopo Bambini was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly in Ferrara.
He came into contact with Lombard art after a brief visit to Bergamo in 1631.
Shearer was a teacher as well as an artist.
John exhibited his work first in London at the Wertheim Gallery in 1932.
Ben Weiner is an American contemporary artist.
Born in Annesi and trained in Bologna.
Manetti was born at Siena in 1609, and was probably a relation of Rutilio Manetti.
He was married in 1929 to tennis player Eileen Bennett Whittingstall and divorced in 1936.
He is recorded as living at Lerchen Straße 42 in Munich in around 1850.
The Master of the Regular Canons' Altarpiece was a German painter, active in the area around Erfurt during the fifteenth century.
Jacob Weyer, or Weier, was born 1623 in Hamburg, was a 17th-century German painter.
He painted frescoes in the Belvedere palace in Vienna for Eugene of Savoy.
In 1822 he received the gold medal of the Academy.
He emigrated to the United States in 1987.
Guglielmo da Leoni was an Italian painter and engraver.
Died as a young man during the plague in 1657.
Born October 16, 1830 in Baltimore, Maryland, was an American artist and illustrator.
Johann Franz Ermels, a German painter and engraver, a pupil of Holtzman, was born in Reilkirch.
He has produced paintings based on ideas emanating from Don Quixote.
Johann Daniel Bager, who was born at Wiesbaden in 1734, was a fruit and flower painter.
Albert Heinrich Brendel, who was born in Berlin in 1827, studied in the Prussian Academy of Arts under Wilhelm Krause.
That includes clouds, traffic signs, telephone poles etc.
He returned to Grand Rapids in 1909, living there until his death in 1921.
Zanobi Poggino of Zanobi di Poggino was an Italian painter, active as a portrait and historical painter in Florence.
He studied at the Kunstakademie in Düsseldorf.
His exact date of birth is not known.
He was an associate of the National Academy of Design.
In 2003 a retrospective of his work was held at the Joslyn Art Museum in Omaha, Nebraska.
From the beginning of his career, Mario Andres Robinson's muse was the work of the great masters: Degas, Rembrandt, Vermeer to name a few.
Ferdinando del Cairo was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active in Northern Italy.
He was a pupil of his father, the painter Ambrogio Legnani.
Robert Burkall Marsh is a Welsh-born painter who moved to New Zealand as a child.
A 20th-century landscape artist has the same name.
Also known as Il Polidorino due to his attachment to the style of Polidoro da Caravaggio.
Bartolomeo Bimbi was one of his pupils.
Giovanni Paolo Recchi was an Italian painter and architect of the Barock period.
Christoph Ruckhäberle is an artist based in Leipzig.
According to Joachim Sandrart he was the father of the painter Susanna Mayr, whose son Johann Ulrich Mayr also became a painter.
George Newell Bowers was an American painter in Springfield, Massachusetts.
There is a controversial copy of Ficherelli's Saint Praxedis, which appears to be signed by Johannes Vermeer and dated 1655.
He studied engraving with Marco Sadeler in Venice.
Samuel Isham was an American portrait and figure painter, born in New York.
He painted quadratura or painted architecture for the Palazzo Cerretani in Florence.
She studied at the Slade School of Art and was a pupil of Julius Olsson.
Fabrizio Boschi was an Italian painter of the early-Baroque period, active in Florence.
He was also called Durante del Nero.
Angelo Solimena was an Italian painter, father of the better known Francesco Solimena.
He painted a Nativity and Epiphany for the church of the Santa Teresa degli Scalzi in Naples.
In 1853 he visited Italy, and painted landscapes, into which he occasionally introduced moonlight effects.
He painted in Munich, Karlsruhe, Hamburg and Lindau.
Born in Florence, his mother Giovanna Fratellini was renowned for painting miniature portraits.
A number of works around Westphalia, including one in Bielefeld, are attributed to him.
In 1888 Saltzmann was awarded the great gold medal at Berlin and in 1896 he was appointed professor at the Academy.
Some historians believe that the artist may actually be a workshop group.
His style puts him in the Bolognese School of painting.
Martens worked as a merchant until age 40 when he took up art as his full-time vocation.
He travelled and painted extensively in England and Europe, particularly in Norway and Sweden.
He frescoed ceilings in San Giorgio in Velabro in Rome.
I found Keller a zealous devotee of his profession and outside of it, enough of a cynic to be realistic.
Avanzo also painted two triumphal processions in a public hall of Verona, which have long since perished.
Luigi Baccio del Bianco or Baccio del Bianco was an Italian architect, engineer, scenic designer and painter.
Giulio Benso was a Genovese painter of the early Baroque.
He briefly worked in Parma as a painter for the court of Ranuccio Farnese.
In 1931 he married Yvonne Darby who was also an artist.
There are some works by this artist, in the style of Reni, in the church of San Barbaziano at Bologna.
Mary Louisa Kirschner was a painter and glass artist.
Christ giving the Keys to St. Peter, Bologna Cathedral.
He was patronized by the Duke of Hesse, and was appointed as the historical and portrait painter at the court of Cassel.
Active in Parma, Milan, and finally in Piacenza.
After being freed from Waldheim labour prison in 1945, she lived as a freelancer in Dresden and received Dresden's Martin Andersen Nexö Art Prize in 1959.
Peter Binoit was a still life painter active during early Baroque at the beginning of the 17th century, who worked in Frankfurt am Main and Cologne.
One of his best paintings is in the Modern Gallery at Munich; it represents a Forge by the side of a Waterfall.
In the Cremonese Seminario he painted a Birth of San Carlo Borromeo and in the Museo Civico there are 11 paintings.
He worked mainly as a battle painter.
It seems highly probable that he was identical with Vittore Belliniano
Euclide Trotti was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period.
He also frescoed biblical themes for the villa Borromeo in Padua.
He was especially interested in Middle Eastern history and the Jewish Revolts.
Francesco del Prato was an Italian still-life painter of the Renaissance period.
He was the eldest son of Paolo Veronese, was born in 1568, and died of the plague.
He was first a goldsmith, but afterwards turned to painting, and put himself under the instruction of il Salviati.
After studying art in Europe he returned to Cincinnati where he taught at the Cincinnati Art Academy.
Initially under the patronage of Giovanni Carl Doria, he met Giulio Cesare Procaccini and was encouraged to study in the Genovese Accademia del Nudo.
In Zurich he studied to be a graphic artist and painter at the School of Arts and Crafts.
The art critic Cosimo De Giorgi in 1882 defines him as "one of the few truly eminent painters of Terra di Otranto."
His works were held in high repute as a battle painter.
He exhibited: Luogo desolato; Piazza della Valle; I curiosi.
Otto Greiner was a German painter and graphic artist.
In Bologna, he painted an Annunciation for the church of Sant' Antonio; a S. Petronio for SS.
Guala was the seventh of eight siblings of whom only he and a sister survived infancy.
In Messina, he painted a St. Gregory’‘ for the church of San Gregorio, and an Assumption for the S. Michèle in Messina.
He was strongly influenced by Giovanni Camillo Sagrestani.
Esther Gentle was a New York City sculptor, painter, printmaker, and gallery manager.
Vicenzo Caccianemici was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period.
Elmer Wachtel was an American painter who lived and worked in Southern California.
Lorenzo Franchi was an Italian painter, active in a late-Mannerist or early-Baroque style mainly in Reggio Emilia.
Onofrio Gabrieli was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
Anton Georg Zwengauer was a German painter.
Jensen lived in Berlin, but spent much time at the North Sea and Baltic coasts, observing marine landscapes.
His father was the painter Edmond Kanoldt, a late practitioner of the Nazarene style.
Born in Durham, North Carolina, he later moved with his family to Los Angeles, California where he began to study art.
He held many art classes in his Reading studio to encourage the development of art in Berks County and elsewhere in Pennsylvania.
Lida Persili was an Italian painter, mainly of landscapes.
His work is considered one of the last examples of the International Gothic period in northern Germany.
He was educated King Edward VI Grammar School, Sedbergh School and Manchester School of Design.
He died young in prison, where he was confined on a charge of high treason.
For the cathedral of Fano, he painted a picture of All Saints.
He appears to have worked painting the Fontana Maggiore in Perugia in 1281.
Sebastiano Ghezzi was an Italian painter and architect of the Baroque period.
His only masterpiece, and firm attribution, is his gloom-stricken tenebrist ‘’Adoration of shepherds’’ for the Church of Pietà dei Turchini in Naples.
Felix Stone Moscheles was an English painter, peace activist and advocate of Esperanto.
Frances Fowler was an American painter, notable as a student of Ella Sophonisba Hergesheimer.
Matteo or Matteucci or Mattiuccio Salvucci was an Italian painter, active in Perugia in a Mannerist style.
Christian Nikolaus Eberlein, a German historical painter, was born at Rudolstadt in 1720.
", was in fact painted by Goller; the painting was withdrawn from the 25 November 2014 sale.
Even as a young man he knew he wanted to be an artist.
MacGregor exhibited paintings at Chicago World Exposition in 1893.
He studied in Boston under Benjamin C. Porter, and afterward under Emile Lambinet in Paris.
Six of his images have been released as posters by publisher Image Conscious of San Francisco.
The antiquarian John Bowen was his son.
He was ultimately praised for his designs, and canvases for the church of Santa Maria di Carignano.
Johann Friedrich Ludwig Heinrich August Riedel was a German painter.
The work discussed was a large panel representing the Epiphany of Christ located in the church of San Francesco in Fiesole, Italy.
He engraved plates from his own designs and others from Rutilio Manetti and others.
He was a pupil of the painter Cigoli.
He was born in Offanengo, near Crema, and is mentioned as a mentor of Evaristo Baschenis.
Lazzaro Calvi was an Italian painter of the late-Renaissance period.
She was married to fellow artist Anton Räderscheidt.
He was born and active in Brescia.
He painted the prophet Daniel for a series of twelve prophets made for San Giovanni Laterano.
Donato Conte de' Bardi was an Italian painter of the Quattrocento period.
August Joseph Pechwell was a German painter.
She was short listed for the London International Creative Competition in 2009 and a finalist for The Hunting Art Prize Houston, Texas in 2010.
In 1798 he moved to London, where he painted scenery for Astley's Amphitheatre and one or two other theatres.
Born in Dresden, she was the daughter of the painter Raphael Mengs.
Dennis Malone Carter was an Irish-American painter.
Nina Murdoch is a British painter, winner of the first Threadneedle Prize in 2008.
The Museo di Fucecchio houses the Annunciation with Saints Andrew and Francis, dated in the first decade of the sixteenth century.
In 1817 he began to exhibit at the Royal Academy, and continued to do so up to 1852, occasionally contributing also to the Suffolk Street Exhibitions.
As a small child, he moved with his parents to the United States.
Albert Gräfle was a German historical, genre, and portrait painter.
Alessandro Martucci was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period, active near his natal city of Capua.
Together with his brother Andrea, they were known as the Brescianini of Siena.
Ficherelli was nicknamed "Felice Riposo" for his retiring nature.
Bernardino Campilius was an Italian painter and follower of Lo Spagna at Spoleto.
One of his pupils was Giovanni Camillo Sagrestani
Carlo Urbina or Urbini was an Italian painter, active in Crema.
Sheila Mullen is a Scottish painter who lives and works in Scotland.
In addition, McDonald was shown in the John Moores Contemporary Painting Exhibition 2010.
An exhibition of his work took place at the Richard Bland College library, Petersburg, Virginia in the November/December 2000.
When Funhof died ten years later, she remarried to another Hamburg painter, Absolon Stumme.
Felice helped train his cousin, Paolo Cignani.
He was employed painting for churches in Genoa, among his works, a St. Francis receiving the Stigmata for the church of the Cappucini.
After his novitiate in Brno and the study of theology in Olomouc, Sichelbart was assigned as the missionary to China's Provincial Government in 1745.
He has shown widely in Ireland, and internationally.
After that he continued his education as an artist at the Art Students League and the National Academy of Design both in New York City.
Antonio Rolli or Roli is an Italian painter active painting quadrature during the Baroque art|Baroque period, mainly in his native Bologna.
Some art critics suggest the influence of Lorenzo Veneziano.
Lorenz Ritter was a German painter and etcher.
Sebastiano Taricco was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
He had statues sent to the towns of Sestri, Camogli, and Albissola.
In 1668, he moved to Rome where he was trained by Giuseppe Ghezzi.
Giovanni Giacomo Barbelli was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active in Brescia.
He was, like his father, Alessandro Casolano, was a pupil of Cavalière Cristoforo Roncalli.
He was initially a pupil of Donato Creti, then a pupil of the painter Marcantonio Franceschini.
He then lived in various countries on the continent of Europe, and frequently visited the West Indies to paint there.
Other sources cite Scorza, Luciano Borzone, Giulio Benso Bernardo Castello, Giovanni Domenico Cappellino, and Agostino & Giovanni Battista Montanari as his pupils.
In Painter-Stainers' Hall there is still preserved a richly chased cup presented by Fryer to the company in 1605.
The Denver-area Regional Transportation District commissioned him to cast a bronze statue of Denver's first African-American doctor, obstetrician Dr. Justina Ford, which was dedicated in 1998.
Cesare Filippi, the younger son and pupil of Camillo Filippi, was born at Ferrara in 1536.
It was in Baltimore that he spent most of his formative years and where he resolved to be an artist.
Grifo di Tancredi was an Italian painter, likely born in Florence.
Giovanni Soncini was a painter from Reggio Emilia, Italy, who was active in Parma during the Renaissance.
The dates of Montano d'Arezzo's birth and death are no longer known, and little can now be found belonging to this artist.
Although seemingly untrained in painting, he came into prominence in 1790 through his portrait of George Washington, intended as a gift to Harvard University.
He partly was following the tradition of Jacopo Ligozzi in documenting the botanical collections of the Medici.
Michelangelo Spada was an Italian painter in Verona.
Domenico Francia was an Italian painter and architect.
His masterpiece is the Sala del Bacio, in the Palazzo del Giardino in Parma.
Giovanni Paolo Oderico was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, mainly active in Genoa.
To a viewer untrained in art, his work looks similar to desert landscapes of Karl Albert.
Patty Prather Thum was an American artist from Louisville, Kentucky known for her landscapes, paintings of roses, and book illustrations.
The District Court of Passau and the Baden-Württemberg State Office of Criminal Investigation have begun an investigation into Goller's activities.
Seonna Hong is a contemporary Los Angeles-based artist working in the genre known as lowbrow or alternatively, pop surrealism.
He died of the plague in 1630.
Kieron Williamson is a watercolour artist from Holt, Norfolk in England.
The Virgin with innfant Jesus on her knee, St. John kissing his foot and St. Joseph behind
He was born to a family of artists.
Harrison Ellenshaw is now pursuing his passion for fine art painting.
He decorated a large number of buildings in the Piedmont, including San Cristoforo at Vercelli.
Solovioff served in World War II in the United States Army and later as a combat artist for the United States Marine Corps in Vietnam.
His name derives from a work originally in the church of San Torpè, Pisa.
Orazio Bianchi was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
He also helped fresco the exterior facades of palaces.
he painted a San Nicola with child Jesus for the chapel of San Nicola da Tolentino in the church of Santa Caterina of Bassano.
His work has been seen in eight solo exhibitions and in group exhibitions in Europe and America since 1999.
There he met a fellow pupil, Marcantonio Franceschini.
Wilkinson lives in near Llangollen, North Wales.
Works attributed to this painter are found in Uffizi Gallery, Courtauld Gallery, and Seattle Art Museum Kress Collection.
Henry B. Christian was a painter who was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
Many works depict alluvial fans and desert vegetation in the eastern half of Riverside County.
Local painting styles that may have influenced him include Jacopo da Palma il Giovane, Giuseppe Nuvolone, Grazio Cossali, Girolamo Romanino, Girolamo Savoldo, and il Moretto.
He painted architectural landscapes and quadratura and is recorded as having painted scenery for productions of operas in Venice.
Returning home in 1614, he completed two versions of the work Miracles of St. Nicholas of Tolentino.
He is represented by Marc Foxx in Los Angeles and Vilma Gold in London.
He was a contemporary of Maso da San Friano and younger than Vasari.
Carlo Biffi was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
Antonio Gandini was an Italian painter of the late-Renaissance period.
He painted a fresco of stories from Genesis, from the Creation to the Deluge on the North wall of Camposanto Monumentale in Pisa.
Carlo Allegretti was an Italian painter, mainly of sacred subjects.
He has also created t-shirts and live backdrops for the band.
Born and died in Rome, she trained with Mario Nuzzi, and like him, painted still life paintings of flowers.
Bernardo Schiaffino was an Italian sculptor of the Baroque period, active mainly in his natal city of Genoa.
He currently resides in McDonald County, Missouri adjacent to the Huckleberry State Forest.
He married the niece of the painter Giovanni Andrea de' Ferrari.
By the early 1990s, his palette was saturated with bright hues.
On the inner wings, flanking the Coronation, may be found a donor portrait of the donor with three of his four wives.
He was a pupil of the painter Niccoló Rondinelli.
One of his pupils was Gaetano Martoriello, and Massaro's son's Girolamo and Gennaro.
June Berry, RWS, RE is a British artist, originally from Melbourne, Derbyshire, United Kingdom.
His pictures were tinted drawings, and the smaller ones were neatly finished and well thought of.
Corrado Ricci calls him Giacomo Bartuzzi, while others use the surname Bertuzzi.
An Italian Landscape by him is in the Modern Gallery at Munich.
One of his pupils was the sculptor Francesco Gritto, called Mombello, also native of Castelleone.
Kenyatta A.C. Hinkle is an American artist who focuses on questions of race, sexuality, and history through a variety of visual and textual mediums.
He soon gained the post of prefect to the duchal studio of Charles II Gonzaga.
Francesco Baratta the elder was an Italian sculptor of the Baroque period.
A native of Verona, he studied under Francesco Monti, and settled at Milan, where he flourished in the first part of the 18th century.
His work is now shown at the Portland Museum of Art, Colby College Museum of Art and Bowdoin College Museum of Art.
Fulgenzio Mondini was an Italian painter of the Baroque era.
Adriano Zabarelli, also known as Andrea Palladino or il Palladino was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
White received a First Degree in Fine Art Printmaking with highest honors from Loughborough University.
Giovanni Giuseppe Cosattini was an Italian painter, mainly active in Udine, and after 1668 in the imperial court of Vienna.
He became the brother-in-law of the latter, and collaborated with him in works at Bologna, Modena, Piacenza, Genoa and Rome.
He painted the "Dutch Boy Painter" in 1907, currently used as the logo for Dutch Boy Paints, which itself is currently owned by Sherwin-Williams.
She became an artist like her father, and exhibited one painting in 1885 at the Suffolk Street Gallery of the Society of British Artists.
Christian Gottlob Fechhelm was a portrait and historical painter, born in Dresden.
Heinrich Bürkel was a German genre and landscape painter
It appears Cesare Malvasia confused him with il Nosadella or Giovanni Francesco Bezzi, who lived and was active only in the 16th century.
In 1675, he reconciled with his father, and married an 88-year-old widow.
During her residency, Beerman published Faces, a limited-edition portfolio of eight drypoint prints with text from The Notebooks of Malte Laurids Brigge by Rainer Maria Rilke.
A still-life attributed to Realfonso is found in the Museo Correale in Sorrento.
Giulio was a colleague of Gaudenzio Ferrari in the decoration of the Sacro Monte di Varallo.
Groombridge emigrate to the United States, coming to New York in 1793.
In 1576 he and Giorgio acquired a house in Mantua, where Teodoro worked for Dukes Guglielmo Gonzaga and Vincenzo I.
The large theatre was known as the Große Komödiensaal, which later became the Court Theater.
Strafella learned from the works of Michelangelo to use perspective to better depict reality, he put this technique to full use in his paintings.
Giacomo Farelli was an Italian painter active in Naples.
He was a pupil of the painters Lorenzo Pasinelli and Cesare Gennari.
He painted a number of canvases, including a Madonna del Rosario and Crucifixion with Saints, for the Pieve di Santa Maria in Barga.
Miriam Beerman is an American painter and printmaker.
In 1861 he went to Frankfurt and worked there under Jakob Becker, Eduard Jakob von Steinle and Johann Nepomuk Zwerger.
He was born in Mantua, but became a citizen of Verona.
He moved to Poland to paint for King Władysław IV Vasa, and died in Poland.
Johann Christian Michel Ezdorf or Etzdorf, a German landscape painter, was born at Pösneck, in the duchy of Saxe-Meiningen.
Laurence was born in Paterson, New Jersey.
Ulisse Ciocchi or Giocchi or Giuocchi was an Italian painter of the Renaissance, active in Florence.
He is associated with the Düsseldorf school of painting.
It can be viewed at the 30th & Downing Light Rail Station in Denver.
He was born at Genoa, and traveled as a young man to Rome to apprentice under Giovanni Andrea Ferrari.
They had three sons who survived to adulthood: the portrait painter Ary Scheffers, the journalist and writer Karel Arnold Scheffer and the painter Hendrik Scheffer.
Initially forbidden to leave Russia, he escaped with the help of the Neapolitan ambassador at St. Petersburg.
Born in Florence, he was a pupil of the painter Alessandro Gherardini, Felice Torelli, and Giovanni Gioseffo dal Sole.
Another major work by the same hand is the altar of the hohnekirche in Soest, dated to around 1480.
She exhibited with them at the Hyde Park Art Center from 1966 through 1969.
He had a studio on Palm Canyon Drive in Palm Springs from the 1950s until his death in 1974.
Trevor Denning RBSA was an English artist, sculptor, writer, and former art teacher who was influential in the Birmingham art community.
He learned painting in the United States, painting landscapes and cityscapes of the midwest.
Pompeo Ghitti was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly in and in towns surrounding Brescia.
Since 1995, Sawyer travels to several locations in America and occasionally other countries as a motivational speaker.
Giovanni Tuccari was an Italian painter during the Baroque period, active in Sicily.
Burke Tyree died at age 57 of a massive heart attack in Crows Landing, California.
He was born in Palermo, the son of Pietro del Po.
His son Pierfrancesco was also a painter and engraver.
Giovanni Paderna was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
He painted a Marriage of the Virgin, the Annunciation, and Archangel Michael expelling Lucifer from Paradise in Sant' Aniello in Sorrento.
Among Ficherelli's early patrons was Conte Bardi, who persuaded Ficherelli to move to Florence and to study with the painter Jacopo da Empoli.
Constant tensions of emptiness and being, object and field, movement and stasis permeate her work.
In his native city, the best, perhaps, a 'Pentecost’’' in the Santissima Nunziata.
1859 Nadorp was received by King Frederick William IV of Prussia, and led to his first government contract.
He also spent time in St Ives, and he was a close friend of many of the St Ives School artists.
He was a member of the Berlin Pleiades in the first half of the 19th century.
There she worked for John Boydell making aquatints.
One of his pupils was Francesco Curia.
In 1943 he went to Derry, Northern Ireland and England and took part in the 1944 Normandy invasion as an artist.
Thomas Frank Heaphy was an English miniature painter.
On April 20, 2012, Garibaldi painted Jeremy Lin during halftime of the New York Knicks game.
Orazio was also active in engraving his own work and that of other Veronese and Venetian masters.
He was nicknamed il Cortona, and sometimes called Pietro Paolo Ubaldini.
Bartolomeo Neroni, also known as Il Riccio or Riccio Sanese was an Italian painter, sculptor, architect and engineer of the Sienese School.
He then attended the Elam School of Fine Arts at the University of Auckland from 1967 to 1970, where he obtained a Diploma of Fine Arts.
Rudolf Bergander was a German painter and principal of the Dresden Academy of Fine Arts from 1952–1958 and 1964-65.
He was a pupil of Massimo Stanzione, the uncle of his wife, and is known to have been active in 1646.
He was born at Cento, a village near Bologna.
Bradbury was born in a particular section of Buxton entitled Salmon Falls, an area on a large hill near the Saco River.
Antonio Marinetti, also called il Chiozzotro was an Italian painter, active in a late-Baroque style.
Born into a noble family in Correggio, he began as a pupil of Francesco Stringa.
She is a descendant of 19th-century artist Thomas Bewick.
Also known as Fra Semplice of Verona.
Toby Edward Rosenthal was an American painter.
Giovanni Angelo Borroni was an Italian painter of the late-Baroque and early-Neoclassic periods, active mainly in Milan and Cremona.
The Virgin, with the Infant Christ and St. John; B.
He worked on commissions for the local churches as well as from the Grand-Dukes of Tuscany.
He was a pupil of Jacopo Chiavistelli, and specialized in quadratura.
Born in London, she suffered scarlet fever as a child, spending weekends and holidays at her grandparents' fruit farm.
It was noted how these three women's achievements revealed the silliness of the rules that excluded women from becoming full members of the Royal Academy.
Kiera Bennett studied in England at The Royal College of Art and Oxford University, The Ruskin School and Mid Cheshire College of Art and Design, Northwich
He worked as a schoolteacher at Bryanston School, Dorset, from 1947 to 1948, and later taught at Central School of Arts and Crafts, 1954-56.
Gabriel Zehender was a German painter and printer believed to have been born in Grossmausdorf, and active in Basel.
Campi is best known as one of the first northern Italian artists to work in the Flemish style of realist genre painting.
Giulio Angolo del Moro,, the brother of Battista, was a sculptor, architect, and painter.
He painted the Baptism of Christ for the church of Santa Maria del Carmine, Pavia.
These include a fresco of the Visitation and Adoration by the Shepherds.
He was a pupil of Carlo Ridolfi.
He was known for designs he made for the funeral ceremony of Agostino Carracci.
One of his pupils, Giovanni Soncini was the godfather of Corregio’s second daughter.
Wells was an intimate friend of Joseph Mallord William Turner.
Victoria Kate Russell is the winner of the National Portrait Gallery's 2000 BP Portrait Award for portrait painting.
He was first trained under Correggio; on the death of that master he went to Venice, and attended Titian's school.
Salvatore Castiglione was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
He is also known as Giovanni Ambrogio Besozzi.
Cecil Kennedy's obituary can be found in the The Independent, and cuded.
He was a pupil of Carlo Cignani.
Giuseppe Abbiati was an Italian engraver, active during the beginning of the 18th century in Milan.
His work, which is somewhat decorative in character, was described by contemporaries as marked by good qualities of color and drawing.
He was a war artist and portrait painter, best known for his works of Capri.
Of his works may be mentioned a Triumphal Procession, and twelve landscapes.
Simone Pignoni was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
Works by Loves can be found in the Pinacoteca of Cento and in the church of San Rocco e San Sebastiano.
Jonathan Podwil is an American painter and experimental filmmaker living and working in Brooklyn, New York.
Growing up in London, he attended Leyton Sixth Form College.
Heinrich Friedrich Füger was a German classicism portrait and historical painter.
He was born at Reggio Emilia, by whom we have an etching of Bacchus sitting with three Satyrs executed in the style of Jusepe Ribera.
Elaborate tracery, a baldacchino, projects over them as if to suggest that they are actually statues.
He also was interested in the problem of squaring the circle and published the book with the title De quadratura circuli mechanici.
He is buried in a granite pink tomb in the centre of the St. Peter's Churchyard, Petersham.
According to Lanzi, flourished about 1386 and painted in the Church of the Servi at Castel Tedaldo.
Christ's head falls to the left; the eyes are closed, and a small trail of blood escapes from one wound.
Giulio died in Ferrara, where he mainly painted.
In 1878, on a return trip to Germany, he was awarded a Gold Medal by the Düsseldorf School of Art.
He was a pupil of Baldassare Franceschini
Wilson was one of the founders of the Society of British Artists and its president for the year 1827.
Dordoni painted the frescoes depicting Christ and the Apostles in the Sanctuary of the Misericordia in Castelleone.
Muratori was born in Vendrana in the Budrio commune.
White studied at the Medway College of Art between 1968 and 1972.
Adams became acquainted with the Prussian painter Ferdinand Bellermann during the latter's time in Venezuela.
Giacomo Lippi was an Italian painter of the Baroque.
DuBois then traveled the country to study with several established artists including Ray Vanilla, David Lafel, and Daniel Greene.
Among other prints, he produced a plate representing a Dead Christ with his mother and St. John, after Guercino.
The influence of metaphysical art is apparent in the way the mannequin-like figures stand detached from their environment and from each other.
Most of his preserved paintings are today in Galleria Spada in Rome.
He painted the ceiling of Carmine in San Paolo.
Warner Williams is an American artist noted for his realistic paintings of mundane California scenery.
A signature on an altarpiece in Nördlingen, dating it to 1462, identifies him as being from Rothenburg, as do citizenship documents from 1467.
He also painted works for the refectory of the Carmelites, and for the churches of San Giuseppe and San Francesco.
Lattanzio Mainardi was an Italian painter of the late-Renaissance or Mannerist period.
Orazio Farinati was a late Mannerist Italian painter.
Lazzaro was so mortified at this challenge, that he became a mariner, and withdrew himself from painting for twenty years.
His work has garnered many awards nationally, including the Paul B. Remmey award at the prestigious American Watercolor Society 138th international exhibition in New York City.
Contreras has donated many of his works to museums and university galleries.
In 2016 Mendoza was ranked 147 of the 500 most successful US american artists born after 1966 by Artnet.
He was one of the official artists of Nazism.
Born in Berlin, he studied in Italy, and was a court painter to Frederick the Great.
He is also known as Santino da' Ritratti.
Born in Modena, he was active in Este, and was named superintendent of the Galleria Estense.
A painter from this family by the name of il Scalabrino was active around this time.
Polidoro de Rienzo da Lanciano was an Italian painter.
In search of employment, he left Rome to travel to Naples, and spent some years employed in Piedemonte de Liso.
He also illustrated novels such as Aphrodite by Pierre Louÿs and Les Fleurs du mal by Baudelaire.
He flourished at the end of the 16th and the beginning of the 17th century.
Francesco Aviani, a native of Vicenza, flourished about the year 1630.
Rodriguez studied at the Sorbonne in 1990.
Giovanni Filippo Criscuolo was an Italian painter, active during the late-Renaissance period, mainly in Naples.
Francesco Ricchino was an Italian architect of the Renaissance period, born in Rovato and mainly active in his native Brescia.
He was still there in Malaga during the Spanish Civil War sketching for the Illustrated London News.
Alessandro Aretusi was an Italian portrait painter of the 17th century from Modena, active in Florence painting for the court of the Grand Dukes.
Since 1986, the illustration of literature has been an important part of her work.
He was the son of the painter Niccolò Circignani, and with his father, who died in 1588, he worked in Rome.
Vassallo also painted portraits, yet no portraits by Vassallo are known at present.
His work has been featured in The Brooklyn Rail, ArtNotes, WAGMAG, The Washington Post, Segno and TimeOut Roma, among other publications.
He spent thirty years in London working as a signwriter with his brother.
His son Filippo became a pupil of Guido Reni.
He maintains his better than average constitution, inherited from German-born parents, by regular life and exemplary habits.
She was a member of the National Association of Women Painters and Sculptors.
His main focus now is on portrait photography.
The Nießen'sche Choral Society awarded him with an honorary membership.
A Wales' painting was one of the first 110 works acquired and exhibited by the Allentown Art Museum upon their opening in 1936.
There is a set of twelve small upright prints of flowers.
David Payne was a Scottish landscape painter.
Banquet of the Gods (attributed, Querini-Stampalia Gallery, Venice [4]
He teaches at the Art Institute of Phoenix.
Cliff McReynolds is an American visionary painter from California.
And that's the laughter I particularly like cultivating, parlor laughter, where there's always the subtext of conversation going on, but everyone is very agreeable."
After his career he continued to paint landscapes, sports and portraits in watercolor.
He initially trained under Luca Giordano, but in 1692, when the former left to work in Madrid, he entered the studio of the Neapolitan Francesco Solimena.
He won the Hans Theo Richter-Preis of the Sächsische Akademie der Künste in 1998.
His younger brother Christian Friedrich Ezdorf was also a landscape painter.
There is a picture of his own composition in the church of San Silvestro, in Rome, representing the Virgin and Infant Christ, with several Saints.
He designed posters for the NFL, Hollywood Bowl, and 1984 Los Angeles Olympics.
He was a pupil of Franco, and afterwards of Polidoro da Caravaggio, whose style he successfully imitated.
He was born in Pescia, and trained with Pietro Dandini.
He was born in Leipzig and travelled to Venice at a young age.
He has been a lecturer at the Cardiff School and at Limerick Art College, Éire.
He painted a Madonna of Loreto with Saints Fermo, Lorenzo, and Lucia in the church of San Giacomo, Soragna.
Marco Liberi was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
Richard Theodore Titlebaum was a writer, artist, antiquarian book collector and literature professor.
The painting represents the Blessed Trinity and St Thomas to whom the church was dedicated.
Pietro Bellotti was an Italian painter active in the Baroque period.
He returned to Augsburg in 1502 where he became a master.
He then attended the New York Academy of Art, earning a Master of Fine Arts degree in 2006.
One source for his photographic style of still life could be Caravaggio's early painting of peaches, or alternatively, Dutch paintings.
The parish church of Santa Maria Assunta houses a fifteenth-century altarpiece painted by Michelangelo di Pietro.
“As Mortimer died young, widowhood threw Guineveer’s mother to the support of herself and her small girl.
Giovenale Boetto was a Piedmontese fresco painter who flourished at Turin, Italy from 1642 to 1682.
He studied with Philip Guston with whom he remained friends until Guston's death in 1980.
His last will and testament, dated 1594, was collected in Gualandi's Memori.
His pictures have great vigor and clarity of relief.
She was court painter and a member of the Dresden Academy, and produced a number of admired bouquets in oil and water-colours.
William McKendree Snyder was an American painter active in Indiana in the late 19th and early 20th centuries best known for detailed Indiana landscapes.
He graduated from high school at the American Embassy in Islamabad Pakistan.
Salvatore Fontana was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period, a minor pupil of Cesare Nebbia active mainly in Rome.
Remigio Cantagallina was an Italian etcher active in the Baroque period.
Born at Parma, he was assisted by his wife Ippolita .
He painted Madonna and Child with St. Felix of Cantalice and Trinity with Saints Ursula, Francesco and Antonio, preserved in the Pinacoteca Comunale di Cesena.
Breon O'Casey, the son of playwright Seán O'Casey.
Ercole Procaccini the Elder was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period, mainly active in Milan.
He was born to the painters, Isabella and Leonardo Parasole, but then apprenticed with Giuseppe Cesari.
Antonio Viviani was an Italian painter of the late Renaissance and early Baroque.
Septimus Edwin Scott, who signed his name Sep E. Scott, was a British painter, illustrator and comics artist.
His paintings were shown at exhibitions in Germany, Denmark and Holland.
He is known for his paintings of battles.
He etched six plates of landscapes, and died at Ratisbon in 1754.
He was also called the Frate Antonio.
He often draws reference to the German history of his youth, such as the 1972 Summer Olympics and the Red Army Faction.
He is more highly regarded as a biographer or historian than the former.
He is quoted by Luigi Lanzi as a contemporary of Laodicia di Pavia, and that both likely had Greek origins.
He went to Pont-Aven, Brittany, in the early 1860s, where he remained until his death there in 1877.
He died in Redondo Beach August 7, 1945 and was buried there.
He has numerous one man and group shows throughout Europe, South America, and the United States.
Born in Louisville, Kentucky, Girardin came to Cincinnati in the 1870s and studied under Thomas Satterwhite Noble and later Frank Duveneck at the Cincinnati Art Academy.
David Garibaldi created several paintings which were given to lucky raffle winners watching the stream.
He painted several pictures for his convent, two of which are dated 1519, representing the Last Supper and Preaching of St. Anthony.
Giorgio Gandini del Grano was an Italian painter of the Parma school of painting.
Max Schmidt was a German landscape painter.
Bombelli visited most of the courts of Germany, where he painted portraits with success.
Glyn Warren Philpot RA was an English painter and sculptor, best known for his portraits of contemporary figures such as Siegfried Sassoon and Vladimir Rosing.
DaLee was active in the New York area and was known for his miniature naïve art side portraits.
Giovanni Battista Sassi was an Italian painter, active mainly in Milan and other areas of Lombardy, who painted in a late-Baroque or Rococo style.
He is styled as a follower of Raphael, mainly by virtue of his use of colors.
He was also active in the Sacro Monte di Orta.
His paintings were not stylised but a true likeness to their location.
Franz Pforr was a painter of the German Nazarene movement.
Pietro Faccini, was an Italian painter, active near his birthplace of Bologna in styles bridging Mannerism and the nascent Baroque.
He also worked in Naples, where he painted frescoes for the Palatine chapel in the Royal Palace.
for one of the altar pieces in the Cathedral of Gubbio.
In 1568 he was banned from Antwerp by the Duke of Alva and travelled to London, where he stayed a few years before emigrating to Cologne.
Alessandro Baratta was an Italian painter and engraver.
In general, she works away from the subject matter, in the studio without sketches or slides, allowing the process of painting to guide the portrayal.
Later he met Bernard Meninsky travelling from Munich to Madrid.
and for that reason he moved to Venice, the center of art in that region of Italy, at a young age.
He is known for his ability to create transparency and a glowing quality through his fine brushwork.
He worked under Giorgio Vasari in projects in the Vatican and Florence.
Giovanni Battista Paggi was an Italian painter of the Late-Renaissance and early-Baroque.
Luca Bertelli was an Italian engraver and printseller of the Renaissance.
The Belvedere, Vienna, contains two works by him, the Eruption of Vesuvius and the Beheading of St. Januarius.
Within the White Mountains, he preferred to paint in the region of Franconia Notch.
The Dunedin artist John Z. Robinson was tutored in painting by Holman at the Otago Polytechnic School of Art.
Giovanni Paolo Lolmo was an Italian painter of the late-Renaissance period, active mainly in his native city of Bergamo.
Orazio Frezza was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, born and active in Naples,
Camillo Gavasetti was a native of Modena, who flourished about the year 1626.
Andrea Sguazella was a 16th-century Italian painter of the Renaissance period, active mainly in Florence and France.
Thomas Ludwig Herbst was a German Impressionist painter; known mostly for landscapes and animal portraits.
He travelled to Bologna to work under Felice Torelli and then resettled in Florence in 1715.
Alessandro Bardelli was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
Paolo de Lorenzi was an Italian painter of the late Baroque period.
During 1601-1602, he painted frescoes alongside Federico Brunorino in the presbytery of the church of Santa Croce in Gubbio.
In his paintings such different cultural influences now commingle with art historical references, Hindu deities and allusions to the contemporary world.
Foster has paintings in a number of public collections, including the National Trust, Hertfordshire County Council and the Green Howards Regimental Museum.
Altobello used ultramarine excessively in his pictures, which was contrary to Stanzioni's practice.
Lodovico Fumicelli was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period.
This altarpiece is housed in the Church of San Francesco of Pescia where it can be seen today.
Laura Bernasconi was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, known to be active in 1674.
For Arcimboldo, the artifice is everything; for Baschenis, the items, man-made musical instruments, have a purpose and a beauty even in their silent geometry.
Antonio Carnio was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
He exhibited at the Venice Biennale 2001, showing the same piece he exhibited in the late 60s.
He exhibited at the Society of Independent Artists in the 1920s.
He studied at Karlsruhe, under F. J. Becker and Haldenwang, visited Paris, and earned a considerable reputation in Italy.
He painted in the Veneria Reale some fables, assisted by Giacomo, his nephew.
The brothers appear to have worked under the influence of Fra Bartolommeo.
Contemporarily with his life-long friend Carlo Maratta, Trasi was a pupil of Andrea Sacchi in Rome.
He says "My pictures involve a kind of wasted beauty - that's always been a thread in my work."
Antonio da Vendri was a 16th-century Italian Renaissance painter.
Blatherwick was born in Richmond upon Thames and exhibited her works from 1877 at the Royal Academy.
Pasquale Sarullo was a 19th-century Franciscan friar, priest and artist.
One of his masterpieces, the Martyrdom of Saint Lawrence, was painted for Santa Caterina in Ancona.
He is a pioneer of the city’s higher cultural life.
She was the daughter of James Lees Kenworthy, an artist and schoolmaster from Ealing, in West London; and Elizabeth, a school-mistress.
Works : Shepherd with Herd Returning Home ; Grain Harvest ; Morning at Weinheim, Leaving the Alp ; Frightened Sheep, Cattle Returning Home, Sheep Resting ;
Greene grew up in Michigan and attended Chicago’s American Academy of Art.
He helped decorate the salons in the Rocca of San Secondo Parmense.
Giuseppe Bastiani was an Italian painter active in the Renaissance period, mainly in his hometown of Macerata.
He appears to have traveled to Rome.
He painted the Gathering of the Manna for the church of the San Bartolome.
The Master of Saint Veronica, was a German painter working in the International Gothic style.
Giovanni Battista Pozzi was an Italian painter, born at Milan towards the end of the 17th century.
He was banished from Venice, for complicity in a murder in 1527, and went to Trento.
With is brother, Andrea Semini, he frescoed some salons the Palazzo Marino in Milan.
He worked with Mondini in painting the Death and Canonization of St. Anthony of Padua for the San Petronio Basilica at Bologna.
Johann Wilhelm Cordes was a German landscape painter.
He was born in Siberia, USSR, and emigrated to the United States with his parents, becoming a U.S. citizen in 1954.
Corrado Ricci thought he imitated or passed off his works as those of his master, il Garofalo.
Friedrich Gustav Schlick was German painter and engraver.
Tiberio Tinelli was an Italian painter of the early-Baroque period, active mainly in his native city of Venice.
He was born and active in Ascoli.
He was born in Venice, and was educated in the school of Palma il Giovane.
Her silhouettes decorated the 1905 book Women Painters of the World.
Orazio Vecellio was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period, born in Venice around 1528.
Joseph Benjamin Davol was an American marine painter and art teacher.
He painted portraits of Presidents Washington, Adams, and Jefferson, as well as other important figures of this time.
In 1794 he went to Berlin, where he was engaged in miniature painting and as a teacher of drawing.
Frank Markham Skipworth was an English portrait painter.
Philip also designed the posters for the Royal International Air Tattoo, held at RAF Fairford in Gloucestershire, United Kingdom, for the 2008, 2009 and 2010 events.
Martineau was born in Liverpool as the daughter of Dr James Martineau, an eminent Unitarian minister.
After 1648, he tutored in drawing the scientist and nature observer Francesco Redi.
He designed the "I'm with Coco" poster, which was based on a photo, that went viral on the internet in January 2010.
He trained with Simone Brentana in Verona, and then in Bologna with Marcantonio Franceschini.
Some of his notable works include "Young Girls Picking Flowers," "A Peasant Girl on a Sunlit Veranda," "Lost in Thought" and "The Orange Sellers."
Weiner was born in Burlington, Vermont, and grew up in Dobbs Ferry, New York.
He was mainly active from 1527-1535 although the woodcut "Christ on the Cross between the Virgin and Saint John", is believed to date from 1515.
After several years in Italy Grosse returned to fresco the eastern loggia of the Leipzig Museum.
Ten of his works are in the permanent collection of the Tate Gallery.
June Berry was Vice-President of the Royal Watercolour Society from 2001 to 2004.
He also painted for San Silvestro in Capite, Santa Caterina a Magnanapoli, and Chiesa delle Santissima Stimmate di San Francesco.
He worked for art publisher Edward Gustav May in Frankfurt and his first works for May were depictions of saints.
But at age 15, he moved to Rome, where he was one of the main pupils of Andrea Sacchi.
Along with Bianchi, he painted the cupola of Sant'Alessandro Martire in Milan.
Carl Emanuel Conrad, was an architectural painter.
The date of his death is uncertain.
Ludwig Godenschweg was a German sculptor and etcher.
In the late 1950s, Bass did a series of wrestling scenes that demonstrated his comfort with any subject matter.
Salvatore Pace was an Italian painter of the late-Baroque.
He was instructed by Giovanni Battista Benaschi.
In 1807–1809 he exhibited at the Royal Academy.
Luigi Carboni was an Italian painter of the late-Renaissance period, depicting mainly landscapes.
Luciano Borzone was an Italian painter of a late-Mannerist and early-Baroque styles active mainly in his natal city of Genoa.
One of the orphanage's patrons, Lady Mountbatten, noted his artistic talent and encouraged him through school and art college.
No works by her are known to be extant, although a Still Life with Oranges, Pansies, and Liqueur has been tentatively ascribed to her.
Sigismondo Caula was an Italian painter of the Baroque style.
Trudy Benson is an abstract artist who lives and works in Brooklyn, NY.
Following graduation, she one of The Hairy Who, one of the groups of artists that made up the Chicago Imagists.
Giovanni Casini was known as il Varlunga.
In the 1820s she and Margaretta assumed the responsibility of caring for their parents, freeing Anna and Sarah to pursue their careers.
Now retired as a professor emeritus, Vasa focuses on his conceptual art practice.
He is best known as the father of the female painter Elisabetta Sirani.
Among his best known paintings is The mystical marriage of Saint Catherine, which was painted in 1549.
His documented career at Bury St Edmunds Abbey spans from before 1136 to after 1148.
He was one of the pupils of the Genoese Domenico Fiasella.
Gale is a professor of painting at the University of Washington School of Art.
Suellen Rocca is a Chicago artist, one of the original Chicago Imagists, a group in the 1960s and 1970s who turned to representational art.
From 1940 he worked as a painter in the film industry while also pursuing his own personal landscape works.
Francesco Torbido was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period, active mainly in Verona and Venice.
Girolamo Bonini was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly in Bologna.
He was one of the main pupils of the genoese Domenico Fiasella.
McIlworth's influence has been discerned in the work of another colonial New York painter, John Mare, but the nature of their relationship is unknown.
He studied painting at the Royal College of Art between 2000-2002.
He was born in Hamburg as the son of the Danish painter Ottomar Elliger the Elder.
Johann Adalbert Angermeyer, was a Bohemian painter.
In Novara, he painted the cupola of San Gaudenzio.
He is also referred in local documents as Gian Giacomo Gaioni or Gajoni detto il Bate or Bornibatte.
Augustus Henry Fox was a painter who exhibited three works at the Royal Academy.
In 1668, she married Ludivico Caffi in Cremona.
He was born in Naples, and studied there first under Giovanni Filippo Criscuolo, and then under Pittone and Marco da Siena.
(John George) Paul Fischer was a German painter.
Francesco Maria Raineri was an Italian painter of the late-Baroque, mainly active in Mantua.
Angelo Michele Toni was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
He was a pupil of Alessandro Allori.
Giovanni Battista Barca, or Giovanni Battista Barchi, was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
Earlier, the same home was owned by Frederic Dana Marsh, the illustrator.
Adam was born in Radville, Saskatchewan, the son of Lionel and Marcella Adam.
By 2015, Pat had contracted Alzheimer's disease.
Willy Bo Richardson is an American artist who paints vertical strokes of color.
He studied art in Berlin at the Academy of Arts until the second World War.
He is also the author of a Crucifixion fresco in the Duomo of Piacenza.
He painted a Crucifixion for the Basilica of St Anthony in Padua.
He was responsible for the frescos in the Church of San Benedetto in Catania.
John Krushenick painter and co-founder of the Brata Gallery in New York City.
Not registered in the database of the Reichskulturkammer, Christian Brod remains a mystery to art historians.
Von der Heydth Kunsthalle Barmen featured a solo exhibition of his work.
Later, Best was represented in New York City by American Artists.
Her father's social and political connections brought his daughter some commissioned work, including as a restorer and copyist for Lord Halifax at Temple Newsam.
He executed works for the magistrates, and was a member of the guild of that city.
Giovanni Pietro Possenti was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly as a battle painter.
Hutchinson died on the evening of 24 June 2010 at his home in Marrakech, Morocco.
Moore's work was selected for display for years in the high school halls.
His third brother Leandro Bassano continued the family legacy of painting.
Giovanni Felice Ramelli was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly in Rome.
Giulio Orlandini was an Italian painter active in his native Parma.
Giovanni Baglione describes several of his works at Rome, executed under the direction of Paul V, among which is the portrait of that pontiff.
Albert Flamm was a German landscape painter.
One of Raffaello's pupils was Deifebo Burbarini.
In 1897, he moved to Düsseldorf, where he remained until his death in 1956.
He began at 15 years old, a seven-year apprenticeship in Prague at the court of Rudolf II, Holy Roman Emperor.
She exhibited paintings at Chicago World Exposition in 1893.
A Madonna and child with saints is in the sacristy of San Luca Evangelista in Praiano.
We have also the following plates as specimens of his work in this line :
He painted several pictures for the churches in Rome.
Gioseffo Vitali was an Italian painter of the late-Baroque period.
His painting "The Quarry" is on display in the Earth and Mineral Science Museum at Pennsylvania State University [1].
He appears to have been a pupil of Domenico Fetti.
His work was included in The Responsive Eye, Eyes, Lies, and Illusions and Optic Nerve: Perceptual Art of the 1960s.
His younger sister was the painter Baladine Klossowska.
Karl Wilhelm Hübner was a German genre painter.
He traveled through the Netherlands, and then visited Parma.
He painted a Madonna and Saints for the parish church in Santi Senesio e Teopompo, Castelvetro di Modena.
Cesare Dandini was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly in his native city of Florence.
He is the recipient of grants from The George Sugarman Foundation, the Robert Rauschenberg Foundation, the Walter Erlebacher Award and a J. Epstein Travel Award.
Fried was a great lover of legends, often taking these and similar sources for the subjects of his best pictures.
What is known is the Master of the Die studied under Marcantonio Raimondi.
He was born in Philadelphia to a Jewish family in 1947 and attended the Hun School of Princeton, from which he graduated in 1965.
Originally the back of the altarpiece held an image of Christ as the Man of Sorrows, with the Virgin Mary and Saint John.
Wolfgang Lettl was a surrealist painter who was born and who died in Augsburg, Germany.
He and his father were nominated for an Academy Award for their work on Disney's film The Black Hole.
He was a great-grandson of the naturalist Charles Darwin.
Born in Cardiff, Wales in 1950, Marsh emigrated with his family to Auckland, New Zealand, where he was educated at Westlake Boys' High School.
He has shown at the Museum Leverkusen, Zimmergallery, Frankfurt and Studio F, Ulm.
Among his pupils were Pompeo Ghiti and Faustino Bocchi.
Born into a family of sculptors, including his older brother Bernardo Schiaffino.
Theresa Maria Coriolano was an Italian engraver of the Baroque period.
In many of John Register's paintings, one can feel the loneliness of man's existence; especially in the face of sickness and an imminent death.
Marcantonio Bellavia was an Italian painter active in Sicily and Rome.
He is a painter, sculptor, illustrator and writer.
During the 1940s, he painted portraits and still-life but later returned to Surrealism.
His son Giuseppe Maria Mitelli was also a painter and engraver.
Federico Agnelli was an Italian intaglio printer, engraver and typographer, active in Milan.
She was widowed by 1918 and was encouraged to paint by Cedric Morris.
June Berry studied painting at the Slade School of Fine Art, London.
Cesare and Vincenzo Conti, two brothers, were natives of Ancona, but went to Rome during the Pontificate of Gregory XIII, by whom they were employed.
Pietro Paolo Raggi was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly in Northern Italy.
Giovanni Girolamo Frezza was an Italian engraver.
In 1605-1608, he worked with the same team in decoration for Vatican palaces.
Other works exist in Rome, Palermo, and Madrid.
Giovanni Battista Canziani was an Italian painter of the Baroque style.
Knute Heldner was a Swedish American artist.
Benedikt Dreyer was a German sculptor, carver and painter working in Lübeck.
Enea Salmeggia was an Italian painter of the late-Renaissance period, active mainly in his native city of Bergamo.
August Maximilian Zimmermann, painter and lithographer, was born at Zittau, in Saxony, July 7, 1811.
He is best remembered for defending his friend, Giovanni Baglione, in his libel suit against Caravaggio and other painters in his circle.
Goethe liked his work, and he illustrated works by other famous authors, most notably Friedrich Schiller's Lied von der Glocke, a Shakespeare Gallery, and Bürger's Ballads.
William Frederick Wells was an English watercolour landscape painter and etcher.
Bartolomeo Coda flourished about the year 1543.
Matteo Ingoli was an Italian painter of the early-Baroque period.
Madonna and Child, Saints Paul, Nicola da Tolentino found in Pinacoteca Civica Bruno Molajoli of Fabriano.
Albert's subject matter derives from his own life experiences as well those of neighbors, friends and family.
He died during the papacy of Paul V.
Little biographical information is known, except that he was the pupil of Gian Paolo Lomazzo.
A View of the Konigsee, near Berchtesgaden.
He was born to a pedigree of artists.
Like many painters in Rome in his day, then entered the large and prolific studio of Carlo Maratta.
Richard Augustus Zimmermann, genre and landscape painter, was born in Zittau in 1820.
Peter Pearson is an American icon painter, author, and teacher of icon painting.
He worked in a combination of the Art Nouveau and Symbolist styles.
Susanna Mayr, was a German Baroque painter.
Her works are in the permanent collections of the Leeds Art Gallery and the Duke of Buccleuch among others.
He has also produced limited edition prints.
All of Emile’s siblings established themselves in the arts.
In April 1938, Adolf Hitler bestowed upon him the honorary title of Professor.
In Warsaw he opened a workshop for artists.
He engraved works by Guercino and Francesco Gessi.
Arthur Kaufmann was an avante-garde German painter, who was a key figure in the Post-Expressionist and New Objectivity art movements.
It is not known whether he then set up his own studio, but that was common practice.
He apparently traveled after 1714 to Venice to apprentice with Sebastiano Ricci.
He was self-taught and the only one of the Hoosier Group painters without European training.
Da Voltri was influenced by the Sienese School painter Taddeo di Bartolo, who was in Liguria between 1393 and 1398.
He studied under Tommaso Aldrovandini and Jacopo Chiavistelli.
At the 1885 Exhibition of Florence, he displayed : l' Autunno; il Montepiano e l'Imbrunire di un giorno.
Eileen Cooper OBE RA is an English contemporary painter and printmaker, who makes stylised paintings of women or couples, often featuring unexpected animals.
Annie Marie Youngman was a British painter.
For the motion picture A Year Ago in Winter he provided the portray of Karoline Herfurth which is central for the plot.
In 1961 he received the Prix Jean Arp in Cologne and in 1966 he was awarded the silver medal of the Prix d'Europe in Ostende.
Besides genre subjects and battle-pieces he painted marine views.
Pier Francesco Guala died in Milan on 27 February 1757.
Wendt was a founding member of the California Art Club, along with his wife Julia, and served as its first president for six years.
He is thought by Ciampi to have been employed at the Campo Santo of Pisa in 1382.
He and his wife currently divide their time between Florida, Maine, and Massachusetts.
In 1654 Lauri became a member of the Accademia di San Luca in Rome, and later became the Principe or director of the academy.
He painted Tobit and the Angel for the church of Santa Caterina.
The John Player Portrait Awards Catalogue Review.
It was while studying there that he met the surgeon Justus Christian Loder, with whom he collaborated with.
He was also much engaged on decorative work.
After he returned to St. Paul he became known for his depictions of Minnesotan landscapes and subjects.
A solo exhibition of these works and the grisaille were shown at Mandells Gallery, Goodmayes, Essex in 1984.
Luther mentions his death in his "Table Talk", and Johann Stigel, a contemporary poet, celebrates him as a painter.
Nevertheless, he is recognized today as an important figure in bringing the artistic styles of the Italian Baroque to northern Italy.
He is mainly known as a copyist and portraitist.
It has been suggested that the rightmost sailor is a self-portrait of John Lee.
Johann Ulrich Mayr, was a German Baroque painter.
In 1967, Fruhtrunk began teaching at the Munich art academy.
Ludwig Wilding was a German artist whose work is associated with Op art and Kinetic art.
Giovanni Badile was an Italian painter active in Verona.
In 1709, he moved to Florence and took up again art, making engravings of works in the Medici gallery, working with Theodor Verkruys, Mogalli, and Picchianti.
Count Georg Holtzendorff was a painter of Saxony, specialist in landscapes, figure subjects and cherubs, who sought refuge in England in consequence of the Franco-Prussian War.
Filippo became a pupil of Guido Reni.
Domenico de Benedettis was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
He was born in Este and trained with Francesco Ruschi.
He painted some frescoes at the Theatini from the designs of Lanfranco.
He returned to Topeka in 1881 and began painting and selling portraits and landscapes.
In 1881 he married Nellie Sheldon Jacobs, a painter of genre pictures in oils and water colour.
He is mentioned by the biographer Tassi, and may be confused with Giovanni Battista de Averara.
His works are sometimes confused with those by Viviano Codazzi.
He lived in Westport, Connecticut, for 59 years and was a member of the Society of Illustrators, the Silvermine Arts Guild and the Westport Arts Center.
Among them were some excellent landscapes, as the 'Environs of Berne,' and views of Leghorn.
Born in Cardiff, he was educated at Loughborough University and The Royal Academy of Arts, London.
He also painted St. Bonaventure celebrating mass for the church of Ognissanti in Florence.
He painted five canvases for the chapel of the Annunciation in the church of San Bartolomeo, Modena, including Birth of the Virgin, Annunciation.
Their figure-painter was Giovanni Battista Caccioli of Budrio, pupil to Domenico Maria Canuti and a follower of Carlo Cignani.
Simcock started exhibiting at London's Piccadilly Gallery from 1957 after encouragement from Arthur Berry and went on to have more than fifty solo shows worldwide.
Giacomo Antonio Ponsonelli was an Italian late-Baroque sculptor.
Dario Varotari the Elder was an Italian painter, sculptor, and architect of the Renaissance.
He was also known as Maestro Giovanni.
He also worked as an assistant to Gilbert Stuart.
The album Slowdown is a mainly a compilation of the other two albums.
Aniella di Beltrano or Anniella di Rosa was an Italian woman painter of the Baroque period, active in Naples.
He was the son of painter Anton Zwengauer, and studied with Arthur von Ramberg from 1871 until 1874.
He managed to distinguish two different colours by feeling their textures.
Born in Parma, he worked first under Agostino Carracci in Bologna, then Annibale Carracci, in Rome.
Died at the age of 37 in Viterbo, while returning to Bologna.
After they married, the couple moved to Winnipeg, where Adam worked for the Canadian National Railway.
Burton died in Colchester, Essex in 1995 at the age of 88.
Alfonso Boschi was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly in Florence.
For instance the Noli me tangere is in the Staatsgalerie Stuttgart.
He began as a Realist, but later became an early promoter of various Modern styles, including Abstractionism.
Born in Florence, he was also known as Matteo dei Pitocchi, due to his dotty and flashy brushstrokes.
At the age of 17, he was put into exile and forced into labor by the invading Bulgarian army.
He studied under Adam Friedrich Oeser in Leipzig.
He also worked on the Sanctuary of Santa Maria Lacrimosa.
The majority of his known pictures are located in the cloister and refectory of the monastery of the Olivetan Fathers at Quarto, near Genoa.
His Flemish name was Frans Van de Casteele.
His awards include the National Endowment for the Arts.
He made himself with new artistic styles from northern France and the Netherlands, and became a free citizen of the city of Ulm in 1427.
He died in Munich, where he lived at Herbststraße and at Salzstraße around 1850.
Jane Hawkins was a British portrait painter from Chelsea who exhibited at the Royal Academy and with the Society of British Artists.
He was born Milan, where he trained with Camillo Procaccini.
Giuseppe Sacchi was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
Born in Munich, Germany, he was the son and pupil of the painter Ludwig Neureuther.
Bowen was a native of Shrewsbury, where he died.
Rinaldo Botti was an Italian painter active in the Baroque period.
Youngman was born in Saffron Walden as the daughter of the painter-etcher John Mallows Youngman, who made etchings for a book called Sketches of Saffron Walden.
In 1938 he created a series of war murals for the Schöneberg city hall in Berlin.
Giuseppe Melani or Milani was an Italian painter of the late-Baroque period, active mainly in Pisa.
He was a selector for Barbican Arts Group Trust’s Artworks Open 2012 & 2013 and curated Terminalia at Charlie Smith London in 2014.
She currently lives and works in Antwerp.
He painted an altarpiece, whose panels are now hanging apart in the church of San Gallo near Zogno.
Elvira Bach is a postmodernist German painter known for her colourful images of women.
Geoffrey Rhoades was a British painter and art teacher.
She is represented by Lombard-Freid Projects in New York.
Georg Bergmann was a German painter of historical subjects and portraits.
Gioseffo painted in Turin and Milan, including a Murder of the Innocents in the church of San Sebastiano.
The family moved in 1798 from Dordrecht to The Hague, in 1801 to Rotterdam and in 1803 to Amsterdam.
Raborg was born in Sulphur Springs, Missouri in 1871.
Several of his works have been compared to those of French artist and Post-Impressionist painter Paul Cézanne.
He continued to ornament churches and convents of Rome during the reign of Pope Clement VIII.
Pietro Bianchi was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active in Genoa and Rome.
His sons Giovanni Battista Coriolano and Bartolommeo Coriolano became eminent engravers in the Baroque period.
Born in Coburg, Oppenheim studied in London from 1899 to 1906.
A prolific plein air painter, his works are infused with light and air and captured the unspoiled beauty of southern California of the 1920s and 1930s.
One of his pupils was Antonio Sensibile born 1537.
Aloisi was born at Bologna, the relative and pupil of Ludovico Carracci.
He became Rector, then Principe of the Accademia di San Luca of Rome.
He painted in Fiji, the Gilbert Islands, Japan, the Mariana Islands, Samoa, and Japan, prior to moving to Maui in 1964.
This charcoal of Robin Darwin was sketched by Canadian artist Arthur Lismer, a member of the Group of Seven.
Marco Pino or Marco da Siena was an Italian painter of the Renaissance and Mannerist period.
He was a pupil of Luciano Borzone.
His work indicates familiarity with the work of both Martin Schöngauer and the Master of the Housebook.
Pasquale Ottini was an Italian painter of the early-Baroque period, active mainly in Verona.
Nature is the sole inspiration for his fruitful career.
Johann Adam Ackermann was a German landscape painter of the early 19th century.
The next is the Altarpiece of the Virgin, which has been associated with panels now in Basel, Nuremberg, and Strasbourg.
He was the favorite pupil of Titian, and approached nearer to his style than any other member of the family.
The Allied Nations made use of images of supposed German atrocities to bolster their propaganda machine.
There is also a Christ in Purgatory in Palazzo Colonna in Rome.
I want to see each element in my work in harmony with the total.
He was born in Nuremberg, probably studied under Wohlgemut, and then became the assistant of Dürer, whom he imitated.
Kevin Red Star is a Native American artist.
Swan's paintings are highly commercial and have been adapted for calendars and jigsaw puzzles and are sold as prints.
Fußmann now divides his time living and working between Berlin and Gelting on the Baltic Sea.
His biography was featured in the Vite by Giorgio Vasari.
He was the elder brother of the painter Domenico Piola.
He was born in Canemorto, near Tivoli, and died in Rome.
He studied under the Flemish painter Jan de Herdt who was active in Brescia and Francesco Monti.
His sister, Angela Beduschi, was also a painter.
Emil Franz Adam was a German equestrian painter.
Emma Moretto was an Italian painter, active in Venice painting landscapes and vedute.
He was the uncle of BBC Northern Ireland broadcaster Tony McAuley and the writer and broadcaster Roisin McAuley.
Mia began her academic training as a painter at the age of 14 at the Baltimore School for the Arts.
His marriage to Marta ended in 1933.
He found work in the studio of Tommaso Redi and Sebastiano Galeotti.
Madlyn-Ann Crawford Woolwich is an American pastel and oil painter in impressionist style of landscapes, floral gardens and still lifes, and an author on the subject.
Her brother Frank Dicksee also became a painter.
He was also a rock musician, playing guitar and bass with many bands, including Smith.
Lieven Mehus or Livio Mehus was a Flemish painter, draughtsman and engraver of the Baroque period, who trained and worked in Italy.
Giovanni Ambrogio Bevilacqua, also known as il Liberale Bevilacqua was an Italian painter active in Lombardy in a late-medieval or early Renaissance style.
Tommaso Dossi was an Italian painter of the late-Baroque period, active in Verona.
Prospero Fontana was an Italian painter of the late Renaissance.
Francesco De Grado was an Italian engraver.
Fischer was born at Hanover on 16 September 1786.
Among his pupils were Francesco Maffei, Matteo Ponzone, and Filippo Zaniberti.
Rogers then served some time in the U.S. military and later returned home to work as the supervisor of a chain of supermarkets.
Giovanni Paderna, Bianchi's first master, had been a follower of Mitelli.
Hans Grundig was a German painter and graphic artist associated with the New Objectivity movement.
Andrea Locatelli was an Italian painter of landscapes.
Castellino Castello was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly in Genoa.
John Bryant Lane was an English painter.
Bartolommeo Salvestrini was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mostly in Florence.
In Naples, he painted a Adoration of the Magi in Santa Maria del Rosario.
Calza, who worked mostly in Bologna, is known for painting historical and battle paintings.
Andreas Eigner, who was born at Diedldorf, Upper Palatinate, distinguished himself as a painter and a restorer of old pictures.
from the University of Pennsylvania later studied at the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and the Malmö Konstskola Forum in Sweden.
Maurelio Scanavini or Scannavini was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, mainly active in Ferrara.
He was the eldest son of Richards Lyde Hornbrook, who was an officer in the Royal Marines stationed in Plymouth.
He was a close follower of Guido Reni in Bologna.
Karl Knabl was a German landscape and genre painter.
Andrea Monticelli was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
For San Giovanni in Bragora he painted a Coronation with Thorns and a Flagellation.
He was a pupil of Giovanni Maria Morandi in Rome, but upon the death of Morandi in 1717, went to Genoa to work.
Robert Eberle, a German animal painter, was born at Meersburg, on Lake Constance, July 22.
He belonged to an Italian family of artists.
He was a pupil of the painter Baldassare Franceschini.
He afterwards exhibited portraits and landscapes, his last contribution being in 1798.
He joined the Roman Accademia di San Luca from 1656 to 1658.
He has also contributed his art work for causes such as the Red Cross and Native American bone marrow recruitment.
Otto Wilhelm Eduard Erdmann was a German genre painter in the Rococo Revival style.
In the prime of life he retired to the monastery of Vallombrosa.
He painted a St. Thomas of Villanova giving alms for the church of San Giacomo.
Giovanni Battista Bracelli was an Italian engraver and painter of the Baroque period, active Florence.
He painted in the chapel of the Sancta Sanctorum in the Lateran Palace.
In 1884, he was one of the founders of Les XX, a group of artists known for their hazy atmospheric paintings.
* He was born in Rome, where he first trained with his father, Lodovico Leoni.
Pietro Gallinari, also known as Pierino del Signor Guido, was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
He painted for the presbytery in Asiago.
James Crawford Thom was an American painter.
He was born in Järva-Jaani, Estonia, the son of a Protestant clergyman, and studied first at the Academy of St. Petersburg.
He often painted images of the countryside in La Garde-Freinet, particularly emphasizing its old and striking chestnut trees, cork oaks, and olive trees.
Domenico Malpiedi was an Italian painter of the late-Renaissance.
1887 this figure had been replaced by a sculpture in bronze.
He was a pupil of Alessandro Tiarini.
He also produced a sgraffito work for the pediment of the German War Ministry's riding school, as well as other decorative painting.
His altar is in the Marienkirche, Dortmund.
This installation preceded the PostSecret art project by several years.
His exhibitions have been reviewed in Artforum, The New Yorker, the New York Sun, and the Austrian Publications Wiener Zeitung and Eikon.
He volunteered for the army at the outbreak of the First World War, serving in an infantry regiment.
Lilla Maldura was a painter, mostly of interior, often church, but also exterior landscapes, in oil and watercolor.
He also painted for the Oratory of the Santissima Annunziata in Urbino.
His frescoes in the tower are known as the "Allegories of the Seasons".
He published a volume of Sonnets, London, 1789.
His great grandson Giovanni Antonio Badile was also a painter.
Born to the brother of painter Giovanni Antonio d'Amato il vecchio; he married the painter Mariangiola Criscuolo.
Also called il Pittor Villano or the Peasant Painter.
He received his BA in painting at Gray's School of Art and then attended Slade School of Art in London in 1991.
He was a pupil of Paolo Veronese, and an imitator of Titian.
Mario Andres Robinson is an American painter, pastellist, and draftsman.
Many of Suppa's works were destroyed by the 1908 earthquake.
He painted a Dead Christ with the Virgin and Saints Michael and Andrew for the church of San Girolamo at Milan.
Her paintings In Memoriam and The Child Handel were included in the 1905 book Women Painters of the World.
Strickland shared his knowledge and skills with many devoted students, giving both private lessons and teaching at Coral Gables High School Adult Education for 20 years.
Johann Georg Mohr was a German painter, associated with the Kronberger Malerkolonie.
Prestel was born in Nuremberg where she became a pupil of Johann Gottlieb Prestel.
Leonardo dell'Arca was an Italian engraver, active c. 1600. dell'Arca's work is included in the permanent collection of the Victoria and Albert Museum.
Ferrando Bertelli was an Italian engraver of the Renaissance period.
After suffering a stroke in 1967, he had to relearn the act of painting.
Gruppe is among the most prominent of Rockport, MA artists, a group that includes: Anthony Thieme, Marguerite Pierson, Antonio Cirino, W Lester Stevens, and Aldro Hibbard.
He was born in Borgo San Sepolcro.
He married a niece of Franceschini's wife.
He afterwards was a follower of Guido Reni.
As epitomised by artists of the Netherlandish or Flemish School, most notably Hans Memling & Van Eyck.
He painted the cupola of the church of San Vicenzo in Modena and affreschi in the pilgrimage church of Fiorano Modenese, south of Modena.
Cristoforo Terzi was an Italian painter of the late-Baroque period.
Giovanni Paolo Pisani was an Italian painter, active mainly in a Mannerist style in Siena.
He was born in the town of Jativa, near Valencia in Spain.
He was the son of the painter Pietro Liberi in Padua, and received his training under his father.
His work shows traces of the influence of Stefan Lochner.
Son of the painter Benedetto Gennari and Julia Bovi, Ercole was baptized in the collegiate church of San Biagio, in Cento.
Giovanni Battista Amigazzi was an Italian painter, born and died in Verona.
One work attributed to Lorenzo Cassandra and Coroebus is part of the National Trust collection.
He was mainly active in Genoa as a painter of religious and historical canvases.
Howe was a student of Otto de Thoren and Vuillefroy.
Padwick was a member of the Royal Society of British Artists.
His name of Zalone was attributed to his appearance.
Joachim Martin Falbe was a German portrait painter.
Giulio II was involved in fresco decoration in Friuli, including for the chapel of Monte di Pietà at Udine.
He is well known for his lifelike depictions of The Rolling Stones, in particular, Keith Richards.
Getto or Ghetto di Jacopo was an Italian painter, mainly active in Pisa.
He is said to have trained under Oderisi of Gubbio.
He married Mary Evelyn Smith in 1887 then moved to New York City.
Member: Royal Art Society; Santa Barbara Art Ass'n; San Diego Artists Society; Santa Cruz Arts League.
After he had left the order in 1728, he settled in Augsburg, where he died in 1756.
He has received several awards in the United States and El Salvador.
Arthur Hall Smith was an American painter.
He was a Bolognese painter who studied under Lorenzo Pasinelli.
He studied under Robert Ward Johnson, Howard Trafton, and Frank J. Reilly.
Donato Veneziano was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period.
His pictures show a fine but restrained sense of colour and he is engagingly sensitive to the London scene.
He worked under both Correggio and Parmigianino, and afterwards in collaboration with Taddeo Zuccari in the church of Santa Maria d'Alvito.
Born in Brescia, Giovanni appeared in Venice in 1512, probably contemporary with Girolamo Romanino.
Some manuscripts refer to him by alternate names, including Studius and Ludius.
Her younger step-brother Horace Walter Gilbert was an artist as well, but he ultimately chose a different career and became a civil servant instead.
A Frontispiece; inscribed Explicatione del sacro lenzuolo; after the same.
He was born and died in Germany.
A still-life appears on the exterior, part of the setting for the Vision of Saint Augustine.
He later moved to New York before settling in Madison, Wisconsin.
Rose, called after the sitting MLA, former Liberal leader Gildas Molgat, was appointed to the Canadian Senate.
Margaret Leiteritz was a German painter who studied at the Bauhaus in Dessau from 1928 to 1931.
He produced frescoes for the second chapel of San Francesco a Ripa.
One of his most famous paintings, Wedding of the Virgin, is found in the Saint Mary of Angels Basilica in Assisi, Italy.
He was self-taught.He was attracted to Surrealism in 1930 and as a member of the Birmingham Group, joined the Surrealist Group in 1938.
Media used were mixed media, oil, watercolor, and ink.
Ottomar or Ottmar Elliger the Younger, was a Dutch painter from Germany.
His work was exhibited at the National Academy of Design from 1858 to 1875.
In 1961 they were banned from the Haus der Kunst by the Bavarian Minister of Culture.
One of her best works is a Holy Family.
His son, Alessandro, was also a sculptor.
Born in Stavroupoli, Greece, Papassavas against his father's will taught himself the techniques of the classical artist at a young age.
He trained with Aurelio Lomi, and painted often small cabinet pieces on copper, for example for the Spinola palace in Cornigliano.
He is best known for still lifes, most commonly of musical instruments.
He studied under Jean Baptiste Du Buisson, Andrea Belvedere, and worked at Rome, Venice, and Dresden.
Died in Mondovì working for the House of Savoy.
He befriended both Agostino and Annibale Carracci.
In September 2008 he was the opening act for Blue Man Group's tour in Canada and the United States.
Randy Bloom is is an internationally exhibited American painter.
He was severely wounded in the First World War, during which he fought at Verdun.
Domenico Bruni was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, mainly active in Brescia.
Relatively little is known of his life.
Evaristo Baschenis was an Italian Baroque painter of the 17th century, active mainly around his native city of Bergamo.
He also painted an image of Saint Prosdocimus.
For example, he painted the ceilings for the Church of San Nicola di Bari.
In 1960, Houamei's work was featured in its first solo exhibition, at the Salon des Arts in Tunis.
During Bewick's career she has illustrated several books and published several books of prints of her paintings.
He had met and corresponded with Goethe.
His paintings are held by the Royal College of Art and the London Transport Museum.
Giovanni Battista Maganza was a late Renaissance Italian painter and poet, from Vicenza in the area of Calaone, mainly producing religious altarpieces for local churches.
Pier Leone Ghezzi was an Italian Rococo painter and caricaturist active in Rome.
Carlo Orsi was an Italian painter and sculptor.
Antonio Consetti was an Italian historical painter, born and died in Modena.
At the close of these travels he settled in Berlin, where he died in 1871.
Zucco married one Aurelia Chiesa, and had three children; he died at home in Bergamo in 1627.
In 1793, to mark the first anniversary of her death, the Academy of San Fernando presented an exhibition of Mengs' work.
Ercole Ruggiero was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
On September 28, 2013, The Sidney E. King Arts Center opened in Bowling Green, Virginia.
He painted an Apparition of the Virgin to St. Barbara in Bassano.
She was a prolific artist and worked by preference small and medium sizes.
He painted frescoes in the church of Santa Maria Assunta, Arrone.
He credited his mother and speed painter D. Westry with influencing his art.
A Nativity formerly in the church of San Domenico, was moved to the town-hall of Cremona.
Typical in this regard are paintings for which Joseph is universally loved and respected, such as 'Spirit of the Carnival' and 'UK School Report'."
He was putatively a pupil of the painters Beccafumi and Daniele da Volterra.
Born in Perugia, where he painted in the style of Federico Barocci.
He painted a canvas for the Sanctuary-Basilica of Santa Maria della Pace in Verona.
Another Frontispiece; inscribed Tempio al Cardinale Cinthio Aldobrandini after the same,
She is the daughter of artist Auseklis Ozols.
Giuseppe Ghezzi was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly in Rome.
Ludwig Rosenfelder was a German painter and philosopher.
Biagio Betti was an Italian painter of the late-Renaissance or Mannerist period.
Giovanni Antonio Pandolfi was an Italian painter active in the Central Italy, including Foligno, Perugia, and his native Pesaro.
John Nava is an American painter and tapestry designer.
She submitted her work to the Royal Society of British Artists in 1862.
Giovanni Battista Caccioli was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
He was born in Karlsbad and studied at the University of Applied Arts Vienna and the University of Vienna.
He was born at Bassano del Grappa near Venice, the eldest son of Jacopo Bassano and grandson of Francesco da Ponte the Elder.
Andreas Müller was a German historical painter.
He was born in Miglionico in the province of Matera of Basilicata, and a pupil of Luca Giordano.
Karl Becker was a German history painter and president of the Berlin Academy.
Jakob Alt was a German painter and lithographer.
Francesco Antonio Caneti was an Italian miniature painter of the Baroque period.
At Forlì, he painted a Trinity for the church of Santa Maria della Grata.
He lived in Eagle Rock, California until his death on October 25, 1947.
Mr. Dent could also paint with his feet, but seldom did so in public.
He painted in 1524, an altarpiece for San Pietro depicting a Madonna with three saints and a donor.
The Siege of Rome by Porsena, 1529, and Caesar conquering the town Alesia in Gaul, 1533.
He was born at Padua and spent most of his working career in Venice.
His paintings often capture one or two solitary individuals in moments of introspection.
He added church ceilings in Milan, contributed to the decoration of churches in Bergamo and to the Palazzo Mazzoleni in Bibbiena.
Born in Bologna, he started as a pupil of the renowned quadratura master, Agostino Mitelli.
He painted in style combining luminous late-Baroque and early-Neoclassic styles.
Giacomo Barucco was an Italian painter, active in a Mannerist style.
In that year he moved to Ireland, He lives and works in County Sligo.
After 1480 his activity is recorded in Nuremberg, judging from a Crucifixion memorial plaque, dating to 1483, honoring Peter and Apollonia Volckamer.
He was born Emil Halbheer and raised in Koblenz, Germany.
Francesco Cairo was an Italian Baroque painter active in Lombardy and Piedmont.
Cornelia W. Conant was an American painter and writer.
Greco was inspired to paint veduta after studying works by Andrea Pozzo.
Fra Umile da Foligno was an Italian Franciscan friar and painter active in Perugia and Rome.
Nadorp was the favorite pupil of Bergler.
Giuseppe Dallamano was an Italian painter of the late-Baroque period.
He is asserted to have been still alive in 1588.
At an early age he apparently showed great artistic talent.
French troops before Saint-Jean-lès-Sarrebruck, on display at the Musée historique Lorrain in Nancy, 1804
Scipione Angelini was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, best known for still-lifes.
He completed frescoes of Scenes from the life of the Virgin for the church of the Annunciation at Bologna.
Woolwich lives and works in Long Branch, New Jersey.
Subjects often include still life and landscapes.
Esther Kenworthy Waterhouse, born Esther Maria Kenworthy, was a British artist who exhibited her flower-paintings at the Royal Academy and elsewhere.
Gentle ran an art reproductions business and a New York City art gallery.
He was born in Padua, and trained with Alessandro Varotari, and was active in Venice.
Berrettoni was born at Montefeltro near Macerata.
Smith is a self-taught artist who in 2005 contributed an artwork to the BBC's "Children in Need".
Theo Platt is a British portrait artist.
Hans Cranach, also known as Johann Lucas Cranach, was a German painter, the oldest son of Lucas Cranach the Elder.
The rescue work also served as the stepping stone for him into a career of art historian and collector of old German paintings.
Her paintings From a Neopolitan Villa and Who Loves a Garden Loves a Greenhouse too were included in the 1905 book Women Painters of the World.
Elizabeth Butterworth is an English artist, especially known for her paintings of parrots.
Francesco Ragusa was an Italian painter of the late-Mannerist and early-Baroque period, active in mainly in Rome.
She is also represented in the collections of the Walker Art Gallery.
He is also active as a lecturer and panelist.
His brother Giulio was also a painter.
Franz Ackermann is a German painter and installation artist based in Berlin.
Her painting Her Morning Ride was included in the 1905 book Women Painters of the World.
Giovanni Battista Tagliasacchi was an Italian painter of the late-Baroque period.
Altoon Sultan is an American artist and author who specializes in rural landscapes painted in egg tempera.
He created wartime propaganda and recruitment posters for the Royal Navy.
John Register was born 1939 in New York City, New York and died in 1996 in Malibu, California.
Harrison Ellenshaw is an American matte painter, following his British-born father Peter Ellenshaw.
Hawkins produced portraits some copying the styles of Francis Grant and James Rannie Swinton.
He returned to Genoa as early as 1590, but not permanently till 1599 under the protection of the Doria family.
He excelled in painting horses and figures, and was assisted by his son Marcantonio Fellini.
Georg Friedrich Schmidt was a German engraver and designer.
He is the brother of the sculptor Gotthelf Schlotter.
Fortunato Gatti was an Italian painter active near Parma and Modena.
He was born in Genoa and trained with his father Agostino Calvi and Perin del Vaga.
He was born in Como and studied in Rome, where he died in 1694.
Markus Lüpertz is a contemporary German painter, sculptor, poet, writer, professor of art, and jazz pianist.
Angelo Michele Cavazzoni or Cavazzone was an Italian painter and engraver.
William Groombridge, was a British water-colour painter.
His mother, Genevieve Delaney) was a music hall artiste who appeared with her sister, Mary Monica Kelshaw; their act was known as Delaney and Lee.
The magazine, founded in the 19th century, continues to be a popular women's magazine today.
With the permission of his patron, he visited Italy, and made many drawings from the beautiful views in that country.
His brother Giovanni Angelico and daughter Mariangiola were also painters.
The daughter of James Peale, she was the sister of Sarah Miriam Peale, Anna Claypoole Peale, and Maria Peale.
Corinne Wasmuht is a German visual artist.
He trained with Annibale Carracci and/or Ludovico Carracci Among his works are at the Oratorio di Sant Agostino in Perugia.
His merits at last procured him the appointment of court painter to the Elector, but this preferment only reached him a few days before his death.
Auction prices have risen steadily and exceed most Rockport School artists.
Kenneth Browne is an African-American figurative painter working in Brooklyn.
Donato da Formello, sometimes known as Donato Palmieri, was an Italian painter of the late Renaissance period.
Her career spans many years, starting as an abstract painter, and developing into a major creative force.
He taught at the University of Texas at Austin, at the Pennsylvania State University and at the University of Oklahoma.
Some of his work can be found in the corporate and private collections of R.J. Reynolds, Virginia Tech and the SAS Institute.
Born in Verona, he was descended from a Strasburg or Augsburg family of the name of 'Weyrotter.'
Obituary in The Times, 17 January 2008 Bernard Cohen, Artist, Dec 2007
The Vienna Gallery has two landscapes by him, and the Munich Gallery has four.
On the interior of the wings are eight more Passion scenes, while on their exterior are representations of the Annunciation and the Nativity.
Albert Ludovici died in Vevey, Switzerland in September 1894.
Jacopo di Mino del Pellicciaio was an Italian painter, active in Siena.
Orlando Merlini was an Italian painter of the Renaissance, active in Gubbio in Umbria.
He trained under Giovanni Filippo Criscuolo, where he became a close friend and fellow-pupil of Fabrizio Santafede.
His painting of Dunfermline is in the collection of the National Railway Museum in York.
In the Vienna Gallery there is a Madonna and Child painted on stone.
Pantaleono acting as the decorator for Luzzato’s works.
He was born at Vercelli in 1586.
Burton was self-taught but often acknowledged the guidance and inspiration of his first wife's father the Irish artist William Crampton Gore RHA.
He trained with Fabrizio Boschi and Michelangelo Colonna.
In 1700 he completely renovated the theatre in Hofburg, Vienna, for Emperor Leopold I.
Johann Karl Bähr was a German painter and writer.
He studied in his native Pavia under Tommaso Gatti.
He came to the United States as a boy and at 14 enlisted in the Navy and retired following World War I.
He made prints based on designs of Pompeo Aquilano.
He was first married in 1801 to Pauline Johanna Heyligenstädt, and they had two daughters and a son together.
Fischer was an industrious but inferior artist.
His work marks the transition from the Italo-Byzantine painting of the 13th century to the Giotto-inspired style of the 14th century.
Emanuele Mollica was an Italian painter, mainly of costume genre pieces and Neo-Pompeian themes.
He also painted an altarpiece on the Tobias and the Angel for the church of San Francesco in Prato.
Gruppe studied at the National Academy, and the Académie de la Grande Chaumière, Paris.
He was the brother of painters Max, Richard, and Robert Zimmermann, and served as Max's teacher.
One of many sons to a lesser nobleman, Tomasso Oderico, he showed affinity to painting, and was apprenticed to the Genoese painter Domenico Fiasella.
While he was noted by Filippo Baldinucci, none of his works could be identified by Luigi Lanzi.
In 1969, he received a doctorate in English literature from Harvard University.
Many of her works were created as templates of other artists.
His style points to a training in Pistoia.
Giovanni de Mio or Demio, also called il Fratino or Fratina or l'Indemio, was an Italian painter and mosaicist of the Renaissance.
This artist was the founder of a family of whom no fewer than nine are known to fame, all of whom bore the surname of Bibiena.
Again he took all the images back home to finalize the last of over 300 paintings in total.
He was active in Gubbio, where he painted for the churches of the Battilani, San Giuliano, Sant'Agostino, and San Pietro.
Anton Räderscheidt died in Cologne in 1970.
When he was about six years old, his parents moved to Kansas, locating near Topeka.
He painted portrait of Federico da Molin for the Audience Hall in the Palazzo Pretorio of Bassano.
Pietro Paolo Bonzi, also known as il Gobbo dei Carracci or il Gobbo dei Frutti, was an Italian painter, best known for his landscapes and still-lifes.
Giovanni Stefano Maia was an Italian painter of the late Baroque period, active in Genoa and Naples.
Anthony's work has recently been shown at the Christopher Henry Gallery in New York City.
Damiano Mazza was an Italian Renaissance artist, active during the 16th century.
Bartolomeo Bonascia was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period.
The Revolution drove him back to his native country, where he lived in poverty, and died at Cologne in 1795.
Like Titian, he was born in Cadore in the Veneto.
In Rome, he helped compose some of the designs for mosaics in the dome of St. Peter's Basilica.
He is also called il Legnano, and should not be confused with the more famous Giovanni Francesco Barbieri.
Note: He should not be confused with a fellow Neapolitan painter of subsequent generations, Giovanni Battista Lama.
On his return he was appointed engraver to the Hanoverian court and library, but pursued painting also from 1847.
There he assumed a Venetian form for his name, Lanzani.
Titlebaum died October 9, 2006 in Ann Arbor, Michigan.
His mother, Elena Zenzanini, was a cousin of Agostino and Annibale Carracci.
He is claimed by some to have studied with Guercino.
There she spent time painting, before enrolling at Saint Martin's School of Art in 1941.
Ferrantini was primarily known for painted sacred figures using the Fresco technique.
Francesco Curia was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period, active mainly in his hometown of Naples.
Giuseppe Fattoruso was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active in his natal city of Naples.
Orazio Fontana, was an Italian potter and maiolica painter, who introduced istoriato maiolica in Urbino.
Michael Hofbauer, a German art historian who specialises in the works of Cranach the Elder, has alleged that Goller has produced up to 55 fake Cranachs.
Hüssener was born in Szczecin, and was a pupil of the engraver Ludwig Buchhorn.
He was born in Portogruaro in Friuli.
The end of 1974, Papassavas moved to Florida, where he became a U.S. citizen in 1978.
During World War I she was marooned at Eiði in the Faroe Islands, where she was a probable influence on Faroese painting pioneer Niels Kruse.
Also known as Bartolomeo da Camogli or Bartolomeo Pellerano da Camogli.
Mascaro graduated with an MFA from the Slade School of Art in 2004.
Giovanni Battista Merano was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, mainly active in Genoa.
He worked some time at Frankfort, where he died in 1815.
They became friends and from 1968 he worked with O'Neill in his studio until O'Neill's death in 1974.
Antonio Maria Vassallo was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly in Genoa, and painting mythologic scenes and still lifes.
Niccolò Lapi was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly in Tuscany.
Her style shows influences from the Impressionists.
He started painting gigantic faces, foaming glasses of beer and entire scenes up to eighty feet long, for the advertising industry.
He is most famous for an altarpiece dedicated to the life of Francis of Assisi.
Balducci was an associate of Giovanni Antonio Bazzi between 1517 and 1523.
Eight plates of the Buongiovanni Chapel in the church of St. Augustine at Rome; after Lanfranco.
Portraits of Heinrich Himmler, Gerd von Rundstedt and Albrecht Mertz von Quirnheim were found by cousin Otto Brod.
Discovered by Santiago Martinez Delgado in his native city of Bogotá, the Madonna was taken to New York City and later to Chicago.
Pawla's most recognizable work is "Sailboat, Santa Barbara", which has been widely reproduced.
His canvas of St Francis Xavier was painted for the Capella Decemvirale in Perugia.
He painted in 1512, the Parting of St. John Baptist from his parents for the Oratory of Santa Maria in Genoa.
In 1964 he returned to New York.
Pietro di Bagnara or Pietro Bagnara Bacchi was an Italian monk and painter.
His history paintings, portraits, and landscapes are characterized by romantic tendencies.
A more complete biography was recorded by his pupil Giovanni Camillo Sagrestani.
Lucas Cranach the Younger was a German Renaissance painter and portraitist, the son of Lucas Cranach the Elder.
He was the son of a civil officer who, when his son was eighteen months old, moved to Nördlingen.
Luigi Lanzi affirms that he excelled as an engraver.
Born near Bologna, he trained with Francesco Quaino and Domenico Santi.
He specialized in still lifes, often rich in fruits, as opposed to flowers.
Evan Goldman is an American realist painter based in Bethesda, Maryland.
He was a pupil of Benedetto Nucci.
Giovanni Andrea de Ferrari was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly in Genoa.
Nick Miller is an English artist working in Ireland.
He is associated with the Düsseldorf school of painting.
Francesco Allegrini da Gubbio was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
He was born in Mantua, the son of the painter Lorenzo Costa.
Taylor was born with arthrogryposis, and uses a wheelchair.
He also excelled in painting perspective and architectural views.
Virgin and Child with Saint Catherine and St Jerome in a Landscape
He painted battle-pieces and imitated the landscapes of Salvator Rosa.
Daniel Fohr, born at Heidelberg in 1801, first studied science, which he afterwards abandoned for the art of painting.
Johann Gottlob von Quandt was a German artist, art scholar and collector.
Antonio da Trento was an Italian engraver.
Karl Joseph Aloys Agricola was a German artist, noted for his portrait miniatures.
His eye caught both the courtly celebrations and the peasant world.
Naddo Ceccarelli was a 14th-century Italian painter of the Sienese School.
He is also referred as Belloti, Belloty, Beloty, or Bellottit.
The painting contains all the canonical elements of this type of representation, already known from Byzantine art and miniatuer painting.
He was descended from a Germano-Baltic noble family and was a subject of the Russian Empire.
He was a pupil of Girolamo Forabosco in Venice.
Among his works are paintings in the churches of Santi Quirico e Giulitta, San Raimondo, San Sebastiano and San Domenico in Siena.
Dennis E. "Denny" Dent was an American speed painter who was known for his frenetic performances as he painted large portraits of celebrities.
Gaetano Martoriello was an Italian painter of the late-Baroque period, active in his natal city of Naples.
Cynthia continues to be actively involved in the local Wakefield Community.
He is also known as Tiberio Diatelevi or Tiberio di Assisi
Margaret Hoard American sculptor and painter born in Washington, Iowa.
Ercole dell'Abate or dell'Abbate was an Italian painter.
He was born in Mainz and moved to Frankfurt in 1804.
He was the father of the painter Ventura Salimbeni, stepfather of Francesco Vanni, and son of Leonardo.
Pietro Montanini, also called Petruccio Perugino, was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
He was an assistant to the sculptor Gagnino in 1527.
He died in Prien at the Chiemsee in 1915.
Riccardo Dane Chanase was an American painter and printmaker.
Born in Brescia, where he studied with Giuseppe Tortelli.
Graham Arnold is a British contemporary fine artist, working primarily in oil and mixed media.
Marjorie Christine Bates R.A. was born in Kings Newton, near Melbourne, Derbyshire.
He was a member of the Association of Revolutionary Visual Artists.
"Noel was in my view the most important post-War abstract painter in England, and his work combined performance, intellectual rigour and the artist's craft.
Beginning in 1994, Robinson's work began to extensively incorporate rural subjects primarily located in the state of Alabama.
At a young age, he was a pupil of Giuseppe Passeri in Rome and afterwards lived for a decade in northern Italy, especially in Turin.
It appears likely that he studied in the Netherlands, and was influenced by the work of Robert Campin and Rogier van der Weyden.
He was born in Sassuolo in the province of Modena, and was educated in the school of Correggio.
Martin Schaffner was a German painter and medallist.
In 1965, he dedicated himself to working solely as a freelance artist, exhibiting across Europe and the United States, particularly in Germany and France.
in painting from the University of Texas, Austin in 1969 and his M.F.A.
He is known for paintings based on film and photography and often have oblique references to historical events.
He was one of the main assistants in the studio of painter Giulio Romano.
He is said to have been a pupil of Domenico Passignano.
Adelbert Hans Gustav Niemeyer was a German painter, craftsman and architect.
He is also known as Gian Paolo Lolmo.
He also painted frescoes in the Cathedral of Monza.
His name is derived from an altarpiece dated to about 1390, which once stood in the church of St. Mary in Schotten.
Lavinia Spencer, Countess Spencer, was a British illustrator.
Though not overtly religious, some of his works have dealt with religious themes especially as they intersect family and personal relationships.
This artists is referred to by various names including Battista D’Agnolo Veronese by Filippo Baldinucci  and Giorgio Vasari, or by Battista Angolo del Moro,.
He was born and lived in Venice.
As a reward for his service and work, he was promoted to director of the Imperial Painting Academy and court painter to the Emperor.
Sally Haley died at an assisted living facility in Portland, Oregon on September 1, 2007 at the age of 99.
The son and pupil of Titian, he distinguished himself as a painter of portraits, some of which were thought little inferior to those of his father.
Pantaleone's sons: Aurelio, Marcantonio, Benedetto, and Felice; also became painters.
Deposition from the Cross, with Saints and Pieta.
He is associated with the Düsseldorf school of painting.
As an art collector, von Quandt differed from other collectors in that he always allowed artists to choose their own subjects.
Gentile Zanardi was an Italian painter, active in the Baroque period in Bologna.
Giusto or Giustino Episcopio known as il Salvolini, was an Italian painter of history and sacred subjects, active in Rome and Urbania.
In the latter, he painted, Moses striking the Rock and Moses with the Brazen Serpent.
Cynthia's artistic talent was noticed at a young age and she went on to work at the West Riding County Architects Department.
At age 22, he painted a Saint Sebastian for the church of Santa Sabina.
Salini, also known as Mao, was a friend of Giovanni Baglione, the Italian art biographer, who included Salini in his Le vite de’ pittori.
He painted a St. Thomas of Villanuova for the church of Santa Lucia in Udine.
She was a practitioner of her own blend of magic realism.
He was the son of Daniel Beich, a painter of little celebrity, from whom he received his instruction in the art.
Walter Rudolf Leistikow was a German landscape painter, graphic artist, designer and art critic.
Andrea Carlone was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly in his natal city of Genoa.
They were probably held in little estimation, as Pliny, to whom they must have been known, neither acquaints us with the subjects, nor commends the execution.
The Dunedin Public Art Gallery has three of his works – one acrylic painting on canvas and two drawings.
He graduated from the inaugural class of The Art Institute of Colorado in 1957.
Initially, they lived in a purpose built artistic colony in Primrose Hill, where the houses had studios.
After leaving the RCA he was one of the founders of the Rockwell Gallery and Studios in Dalston, London 2002-2007, an influential London artist-run space.
In 1303 he executed a now lost painting in the Palazzo Vecchio, commemorating a political event of the day.
He was the father of Lucas Cranach III.
He was recognized as a pastel portraitist and landscape artist, as well as wood engraver.
His name is derived from an altarpiece, dated to about 1470, that hangs in the parish church of Schöppingen.
He painted in the Chapel of the Angels in Sant'Eustorgio, a Pentecost in the church of San Marco.
Antonio de Bellis was an Italian painter from Naples, active in the Baroque period.
In 1525 the brothers went to Florence, and in the same year Andrea, and probably Raffaello also, was registered in the Painters' Guild.
He is known for still-life paintings of live and dead game, including animals, birds, and fish.
Another relative, Gianfrancesco, was also an architect.
His paintings are part of several collections, including ones in Canada, Australia, Germany, and the United States.
William Oliver Stone was an American portrait painter.
While her largest work, depicting the outdoors was not her favored subject matter.
He also worked there with Il Rosso.
He is best known for engravings of paintings of past masters such as Titian and Annibale Carracci.
After an art historian questioned the painting's authenticity, the museum engaged conservator Hubert von Sonnenburg to examine it.
In search of artistic inspiration, Papassavas made several trips throughout South America observing both its people and natural environment.
Born near Pesaro, he is also known as Terenzio da Urbino or il Rondolino.
His first mention in official Venetian documents is 1536, when he would have been 21 years of age.
He became a member of the Munich New Secession in 1913, with Jawlensky and Paul Klee.
A friend of Federico Barocci, he established himself in Corinaldo in the region of Ancona, where he died.
In 1889 he co-founded the artist's colony in Worpswede with Fritz Overbeck, Otto Modersohn, and Heinrich Vogeler.
Girolamo Imparato was an Italian painter working in a late-Renaissance or Mannerist style, active mainly in Naples.
She currently lives in New York, New York.
Wilberg's last major project was a great panorama of the Baths of Caracalla which he created for the Berlin Hygiene exhibition of 1882.
He also undertook commissions for the United States Navy, including journeys at sea on Polaris nuclear submarines.
Another, more restrained work is the Man of Sorrows Standing with the Virgin, today in the Germanisches Nationalmuseum.
Bradbury began a successful business in Portland, where he ornamented many types of vehicles.
He was a pupil of the painter Panfilo Nuvolone or il Tanzio or Pietro Martire Neri.
She was known as an excellent draftsperson throughout her career.
He was a disciple of the Genoese painter Domenico Fiasella.
Tiberio d'Assisi was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period, active in the early 16th century.
In 1709, he was one of the founding members of the Accademia Clementina in Bologna.
He painted a portrait of a young man now at the Galleria Borghese in Rome.
He studied at the National Academy of Design in New York City and in Paris under Cabanel.
There are several works of his in the churches at Montenuovo.
In 1967 he returned to Belfast where he met fellow Belfast artist Daniel O'Neill.
He was sent to Venice when young, and became a pupil of the younger Palma il Giovane.
He was the nephew and pupil of Giovanni Battista Trotti.
Wine, Woman, and Song; in the style of Paolo Veronese.
He moved to Rome to work under Pietro da Cortona.
(Niccolò) Agostino Veracini was an Italian painter and engraver.
He painted miniature portraits, and has works that can be found in the Victoria and Albert Museum and the National Portrait Gallery, London.
It is said he was born in Cologne to an English family, and arrived as a young man in Cento, where he trained with Guercino.
His early development took place, probably in the 1370s, in the circle of Barnaba da Modena, who was active in Liguria between 1361 and 1383.
He excelled in delineating historical subjects, and studied under Guercino.
Melville's relative isolation led to his work being somewhat neglected.
In 1874 he received a silver medal during a show at the London Crystal Palace.
Domenico Maria Muratori was an Italian painter of the late seventeenth and early eighteenth century, specializing in altarpieces.
active as a portrait and historical painter, who flourished about 1680.
His prints are chiefly after Titian, who may have been his master.
Born in Cento, he worked in the workshop of the painter Guercino, and was his assistant between 1615 and 1630.
There he worked as a freelance artist.
Giovanni Domenico Cappellino was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period, active mainly in his natal city of Genoa.
Other works can be found at the churches of Santa Monica and San Barnaba in Florence, as well as in the Civic Museum in Prato.
He studied at the Glasgow School of Art between 1982 and 1987.
The largest collection of Thompson's work is in the Boston Athenæum, which also holds some of the artist's papers.
In 1831 he went to Italy, and in 1834 and 1835 he visited Sicily.
He painted for the Spada chapel in the church of San Paolo in Bologna a Cain slaying Abel and a Jacob wrestling with Angel .
He began his teaching career at Croydon School of Art, going on to teach at the Royal College of Art from 1948 to 1975.
He abandoned this to dedicate himself to designa and art.
He was awarded a knighthood by Urban VIII, but died young.
With Karl Bunsen, Barthold Georg Niebuhr, Eduard Gerhard, Ludwig von Urlichs and Wilhelm Röstell, he was co-author of "Beschreibung der Stadt Rom".
Joseph Webster Golinkin was an American artist as well as a Rear Admiral in the United States Navy.
He has work in both the impressionist and classical schools.
Lorenzo Bergonzoni was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
Like his friend Gert Heinrich Wollheim, he often depicted himself in a theatrical manner, as in his Self-Portrait during the Carnival Season.
Her first commercial illustration was for Seventeen.
It contained twenty-three sonnets, of regular form, and a few paraphrases and original lyrics.
Giulio Cesare Fellini was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
Since the 1980s, he lives and works in Sweden.
He trained in the Veneto and is known to have participated in drawings for a treatise on the science of armaments by Camillo Agrippa.
Francesco Vico was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
They are also defined by the recurring use of specific images.
Not much is known about Baronni's life.
Pieter Vanderlyn was an American colonial painter.
David Dewey is an American painter, usually known for his landscapes in watercolor.
Tony Robbin is an American artist and author, who works with painting, sculpture and computer visualizations.
He was born in Pistoia, and was a pupil of Michelangelo.
L. Rowley Jacobs was an itinerant American portrait artist, who worked in the United States during the middle of the 19th century.
He painted the portrait of Cynthia Hurd, one of the nine victims.
For the Sacristy of San Fiorenzo, he painted some lunettes in 1612.
Some of his works reside at the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
During this time he came into conflict with the Bauhaus faction at the Academy, and he was increasingly at odds with the avant garde.
He works and lives between Naples and Berlin.
He painted a Miracle of St. Biagio and other works for the church of San Domenico and in other churches.
He was born in Brescia, and trained there initially with Faustino Raineri, a local landscape painter.
His elder brother Pantaleone was also a painter.
He was born in Venice and died in Portogruaro.
He was born in Neustadt near Coburg and died in Munich
A long period of involvement in business followed and he kept painting in spare time, without the pressure of having to make a living at it.
Pietro Adami was an Italian painter of coastal and marine views or vedute, active around the year 1730.
Born in Val de Polcevera, near Genoa, he was mainly active in his native city, where he trained with Bernardo Castello.
Niccola Ricciolini was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
Giovanni Coccapani was an Italian painter and architect of the Baroque period.
He married his childhood sweetheart, Joan Campion, in 1949 and they had four children.
Michael Bauer is an artist based in Cologne.
He was born in Rome and trained in the studio of Carlo Maratti.
Thomas Richman Blackshear II is an African-American artist, many of whose paintings adorn Evangelical churches.
He spent three months in America, and then settled at Eberfing, near Munich, where he died from an accidental pistol shot.
Pasquale Rossi was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
He exhibited in 37 one-man shows and numerous group shows.
Margaret Rinkovsky is an American landscape painter.
Only The Most painstaking histories of engraving even mention his name.
Moses Soyer was an American social realist painter.
"The Recovery", Pennsylvania Museum of Fine Arts
He was first influenced by expressionism, but he became one of the most known and talented official painters of the Third Reich.
Giovanni Battista Bertani was an Italian painter and architect of the late Renaissance period.
Lee Tracy received a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Painting from School of the Art Institute of Chicago in 1989.
His children, Angelo, Cesare, and Vittoria were also painters.
She graduated from Cumbria College of Art and Design with a first class degree in 1994.
Robert Hautman is an American painter, residing in western Minnesota.
He was born in Carmel, California, and received a B.A.
Joseph Henry Lynch was a British artist, better known under his signature J.H.
There is an altarpiece by him in the church of the Capuchins in that city, dated 1588.
Her work has much in common with that of Paul Klee.
Francisco Leonardoni was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly in Spain.
His work uses archival records, photographs, and contemporary media imagery as basis for his paintings.
From 1830 to 1858 he was director of the picture gallery, which flourished.
Giovanni Francesco Bembo was an Italian Renaissance painter from Cremona, mainly active from 1515-1543.
He initially trained with Francesco Albani and Lucio Massari, but then worked alongside Francesco Brizio and then Francesco Gessi, mostly as a fresco artist.
Like his instructor, he was particularly attentive to propriety of costume, and style of architecture.
He has won many awards, and his work is cherished and sought for by many art collectors worldwide.
His work consists of drawings and paint-spattered, debris-littered, haphazard installations.
Her great-uncle was Charles Lightoller, who was second officer of The Titanic and a survivor of its sinking.
His later work shows a mastery of color and form.
He trained under the Genoese artist Domenico Parodi.
He won the Hans-Theo-Richter-Preis of the Sächsische Akademie der Künste in 2010.
He was the only son of Johann Theodor Nadorp and Gertrud Anna Stroof.
The Master of the Cappella Medici Polyptych was an Italian painter active between about 1315 and 1335.
He was born in Vezzano Ligure and active in Lucca.
Johann Georg Stuhr was a German Baroque painter.
Westphal was born in Burgoberbach/Middle Franconia, Germany.
He is regarded as one of the most original artists working in Milan in the 1620s.
During her time there she illustrated a children's animated television series for the BBC, and also produced illustrations for books and magazines.
He also frescoed a ceiling for the signori Conti Boschetti in Modena and in the Oratorio della SS Trinità in Pieve di Cento.
He was patronized by Pope Alexander VIII and by the Duke of Uceda.
Also was a prolific painter of portraits, including contemporary artists from Tuscany.
Giuseppe Tortelli was an Italian painter of the late-Baroque period, active in Brescia.
He then stepped away from commercial work and devoted himself solely to free painting.
His exact dates of birth and death are not known.
Fra Antonio da Negroponte was an Italian painter of the early-Renaissance period, active mainly in Padua and Venice.
Shearer exhibited his works at the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts and at an art exhibition celebrating the United States Centennial in 1876.
Montano d'Arezzo flourished about the end of the 13th, and the commencement of the 14th, centuries.
He was active in Genoa and France.
Francesco Bassi was an Italian painter active in the early-Baroque period, mainly in his hometown of Cremona, but also in Venice.
Francesco Terzi was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period.
Suor Barbara Ragnoni was a fifteenth-century artist for whom only one work remains extant.
It is stated in the 'Abecedario Pittorico' by Orlandi to have been a painter of history, specializing both in oil and fresco.
Johann Georg Fischer, an historical painter, was born at Augsburg in 1580.
He shares the same name with the younger brother of Bernardo Bellotto, a Venetian vedute painter, nephew of Canaletto.
His portraits are elaborately finished, although very thinly painted, whilst his earlier landscapes show much ability and feeling in their execution.
Giovanni De Gregorio, known as il Pietrafesa - 1656 in Pignola, active 1653) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active in the Basilicata region.
One of his most important works was the decoration of the ceiling of the Church of Santa Maria del Carmine, since lost in a fire.
He painted a Holy Family and a Resurrection of the dead for the church of San Francesco in Bologna.
The Master of the Heisterbach Altarpiece was a German painter active around Cologne between 1440 and 1460.
Like his brother, he painted both in oils and in water colour.
During the 1920s his paintings, primarily portraits of working-class subjects, were influenced by the work of Otto Dix.
He practised in Florence and neighboring towns, and was a pupil of Vincenzo Dandini.
He was more indebted to his own natural abilities and his studies of the works of Paolo Veronese than either his instructors.
He was called the "Dean of Southern California landscape painters."
Fresco work was discovered in Castel Ritaldi.
Returning to Germany, they settled for good in Düsseldorf.
He was probably born in Aachen, Cologne and left in 1537 because of religious persecution, and found refuge in the Electoral Palatinate.
He later claims both Montagna and Speranza were pupils of Andrea Mantegna.
He also frescoed in the cloister of San Michele in Bosco.
In 1668, he painted a St Ignatius of Loyola for the Cathedral of Bassano.
Among his pupils or followers were Baldassare de Caro, Tommaso Realfonso, and Nicola Casissa.
Giovanni Battista Monti was an Italian painter of portraits during the Baroque period, active mainly in his natal city of Genoa.
His name is affixed to a portrait of Carlo Gonzales, Duke of Mantua, dated 1622.
Hans Dürer, was a German Renaissance painter, illustrator, and engraver.
His brothers Joe Hautman and Robert Hautman are also wildlife artists.
It was painted in memory of the 1519 victory at Albacina by the local condottiere Giovanni Battista Zobicco against the soldiers of Pope Leo X.
Pietro Aquila was an Italian painter and printmaker of the Baroque period.
He first trained with Lucio Massari, then Guido Reni.
Camillo Boccaccino was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period, active mainly in Cremona and regions of Lombardy.
Anthony Frost is an English painter noted for his abstract works consisting of brightly coloured prints and collages.
He was a pupil of Herman Eschke, then studied at Düsseldorf, and, after traveling through the Netherlands and Italy, settled in Berlin.
He was a native of Formello, in the duchy of Bracciano.
She was born in Bologna, and was instructed in art by Lodovico Carracci.
The center one depicts the Crucifixion, while the eight surrounding it depict stories from the life of St. John the Evangelist.
Antonio Bruni refers to both a poet from Apulia; and also a painter.
Jovan Karlo Villalba is an American contemporary artist.
He painted an altarpiece representing the Martyrdom of St. Catherine of Alexandria in the church of Sant'Antonio in Faenza.
Jonas Umbach, painter, designer, and engraver, was born at Augsburg about 1624.
James Herring was an American portrait painter.
Other public works include a painting of the South End of Boston in the Back Bay Hilton of Boston.
Dwight Shepler was born August 11, 1905 in Everett, Massachusetts.
He was a pupil of Gabriello Ferrantini and Girolamo Curti.
The same year, she married the artist Fritz Schulze.
He has envisioned the Ardipithecus fossil remain nicknamed Ardi.
Heinrich Wilhelm Zimmerman, portrait painter, was born at Danzig in 1805.
He was a portrait painter and sculptor.
Jean Miller was an English actress and painter.
Richard Haines was an American New Deal muralist from Marion, Iowa.
Crucifixion with the Virgin and St. John, fresco in the church of Santa Maria della Misericordia, Spello
He reportedly was seen as having artistic talent as a child and, as an adult, attended a university-level art school in New York.
His sons Giuseppe and Lorenzo De Caro were also still life painters.
Death, having deserted such beautiful hopes, spread the remaining youth, which went to neighboring cities to learn their art.
He afterwords abandoned himself to a fatal passion for gaming, and his later works are hasty and careless.
He studied under Polidoro da Caravaggio and Maturino da Firenze, and assisted them in several of their works at Rome.
Weiner's work has been included in exhibitions at The Aldrich Contemporary Art Museum, The Carnegie Art Museum, The Riverside Art Museum, and Artspace.
Abraham Bloemaert engraved after him the portrait of a Nun, Colomba da Tofaninis.
The same church has two altar-pieces, a Deposition from the Cross and a Resurrection.
A Penitent Magdalen that has been attributed to Pignoni is found in the Pitti Palace.
In 1674 he published his illustrated Fabbrica ed uso dell' Annulo Astronomico.
He returns in 1729 to Genoa, as a wealthy man.
He worked with P Caselli in Rome, painting the chapel with a fresco by Nucci in the church of San Silvestro al Quirinale.
Passeri describes him as never affiliated with neither master nor patron, which made his career difficult and poorly remunerated.
He painted in Rome and in churches at Velletri and Viterbo.
Renoir said “Without tubes of paint, there would have been no Impressionism.” [3]
Pietro Locatelli, an alternative name, is also the name of a famous violinist.
From 1929 she was a member of the artists' group ASSO, and from 1931 she was a member of the Communist Party of Germany.
In the church of San Giacomo Maggiore, he painted some subjects of perspective, in which the figures were painted by Bartolommeo Passarotti.
He was also called Battistino del Gessi, because later he became a pupil of Francesco Gessi.
His work is held in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art.
Kacere's paintings are figurative but can be considered still lifes or even landscapes.
Jan George Freezen or Johann Georg Freesen, a portrait painter, was born in Palts, near Heidelberg, in 1701.
In the church of San Girolamo there are a Descent from the Cross and a St. Jerome.
Not much is known about Signorelli's life except through his works.
George Passantino was an American artist, teacher, and author.
He was very active in his native Genoa.
Thomas Smith was a landscape painter and father of John Raphael Smith of Derby.
She was interested in art from an early age, and as an adult created hundreds of paintings.
Heinrich Ambros Eckert was a German painter of battle-pieces.
Some sources cite varying dates for his life span including 1660-1722.
In the 1980th Süssmayr was involved in the punk scene and member of a punk band.
Paintings can be found in the churches of San Sebastiano in Vallepiatta and Santo Spirito.
Giovanni Battista Livizzani was an Italian painter and poet, who lived in the first part of the 17th century.
He studied at Rome, first under Giacinto Brandi, and afterwards worked in the studio of Carlo Maratta.
He then moved to Rome, where he worked in the studios of Nicolas Poussin and Pietro da Cortona.
Nicodemo Ferrucci was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly in Rome.
In 1970, she took a decade away from making art.
His work consists mostly of landscapes and portraits.
He was born and died in Ceneda.
Wells' art was annually exhibited at the Royal Academy from 1795 to 1813.
He was born and a resident of Prato, and respected for both painting figures, but mostly for landscape.
One work executed by Francesco Signorelli Madonna and Child is part of the National Museums Liverpool collection.
He was the son of Berlinghiero Berlinghieri and the brother of Barone and Bonaventura Berlinghieri.
David Brown was a British landscape and genre painter.
This dynasty of artists started with Jakob Acker "dem Älteren", who lived around 1400.
He is generally identified with an artist signing as William A. Thornbery, and sometimes with the artist signing William A. Thornbury in the 1880s.
He is mainly known as a still-life painter but he may also have painted religious subjects.
Tommaso Nardini was an Italian priest and painter of the Baroque period, active in his native town.
He followed the style of Paolo Veronese.
Hans Muelich or Mielich, was a German painter and woodcutter.
He set out to capture the atmosphere of the 1930s and all of his paintings capture the nostalgia of the period.
Erich Kahn was a German Expressionist, and a survivor of the Nazi persecution of Jews and Gypsies during the events that led to World War II.
He wrote 1898 the booklet Zeitweiser containing a printed diptych sundial.
Sollecito Arisi was an Italian Augustinian monk and painter, active in Lodi.
As a Creole of Cherokee ancestry, Dubois is passionate about Indian art.
He first exhibited as a student at the Suffolk Gallery and at the Royal Academy Diploma Gallery.
Karl Arnold was a German painter, caricaturist and comics maker.
He painted Marriage of St. Joseph and the Virgin Mary for the church of San Gioseffo at Rome.
His brother Francesco, a figure painter, also trained with Rosa.
One of her most famous paintings, "Crossing at the Left Border", appeared on the cover of the catalogue for an art exhibition in Chicago in 1969.
He also painted a Noli me tangere for the convent of the Maddalena.
She dedicated that book to Elisabeth of France, and called herself also Elisabetta as the author.
He was originally a house painter before moving to Berlin where he studied painting at Eduard Pape's atelier.
His mother Mary Hannah Boynton-Bernardo is a painter and illustrator.
He was a member of the Accademia Clementina, where he taught figure painting.
It would appear that the Master was well respected, even if he occupied a modest position in local artistic circles.
He trained with Francesco Solimena, and worked for a time in Rome.
He was a disciple of Francesco Francia.
He is supposed to have studied engraving under Agostino Veneziano, whose style he imitated with some success.
Cindy Wright is an artist who was born in Herentals, Belgium on November 29, 1972.
Ercole Setti was an Italian engraver of the late-Renaissance period.
Antonio Boselli was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period, active mainly in Bergamo.
Other paintings with biblical themes are in the church in Montagnana and in the church of Our Lady of Carmel in Padua.
He has frequently been identified with the "monogrammist GZ", an artist known to have been active at about that time.
Since then he has completed many notable commissions including a portrait of Princess Diana for The Hospital of Neurology and many portraits for the Armed Forces.
was the Grandfather of Anthony M Ludovici, who although also a talented painter, chose writing as a career.
The Duke's extensive natural history collection attracted a visit in 1571 from Ulisse Aldrovandi, for whom he executed some animal paintings, including those of two parrots.
Giovanni Battista Calandra was an Italian mosaic artist in the Vatican.
A painting that Dent did of Albert Einstein hangs in the Lecture Halls building at the St. Louis Community College–Meramec campus.
Triumphal Arch in honor of Louis XIII.
Born in Carpi and active in Lombardy as a still life painter of fruits and flowers.
His work was featured in the first issue of National Geographic Magazine.
His style merges Lombard with Mannerist styles.
He contributed immensely toward this end, taking the Nazarenes art to the general public, increasing recognition of the work.
Caula was born in Modena, where he was the pupil of Jean Boulanger, but finished his studies at Venice, from the works of Titian and Tintoretto.
Vogel early followed the Nazarene movement, while his later material was in the Biedermeier style.
He also painted in the Basilica of San Antonio and the cathedral in Sorrento.
They are the basis of my compositions.
Rinaldo Mantovano, also called Domenico Rinaldo, was an Italian painter from Mantua who was active between 1527 and 1539.
Native of Finale Ligure, but died in Genoa.
At the age of 21, Shearer opened his own studio in Reading and was very successful in selling his works locally.
In 1305 he painted two chapels of the Castel Nuovo, and in 1306 two chapels of the Castel del Uovo, at Naples.
He painted an altarpiece of San Lazzaro for the church of that name in Bergamo.
Flanking the body of Christ are other representations of various scenes from the Passion.
Bernard Holman was an English-born artist who later emigrated to New Zealand to paint and teach.
He was active in a late Mannerist style during the Baroque period.
He trained as a pupil of Leonello Spada and Sebastiano Vercellesi.
He then studied for a time under Henry Moore in England.
Thomas Häfner was a realistic and fantastic art painter.
He is also known as Jacopone da Faenza.
Eichhorst volunteered for military service for Germany in World War I.
In Vallombrosa there are paintings, and at Figline Valdarno,there is a Martyrdom of the Blessed Tesauro Beccaria.
He was born in Florence where his father, Cosimo del Bianco, sold cloth to the nobility for use in festivals, tournaments, and theatrical performances.
Zucco studied art for a time in Cremona before returning to Bergamo; there he associated with painters such as Giovanni Paolo Cavagna and Enea Salmeggia.
Giovanni Maria Bottala was an Italian painter active in the Baroque period.
He died in Honolulu on December 23, 1953.
He was received into the Academy at Bologna in 1626, and was working in that city up to 1648.
Bernardino da Asola, was a 16th-century Italian painter.
Antonio Filocamo and his brother Paolo were Italian painters of the Baroque period.
Abbiati also painted a St. John preaching in the Wilderness for a church in Saronno.
He has over 150 publications in his name consisting of art documentation, poetry and theory.
Girolamo Cialdieri was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
She also attended Skowhegan School of Painting and Sculpture.
He continued to exhibit across Germany and from 1985 to 1998 was professor at the Akademie der Bildenden Künste, Munich.
Benedetto Brandimarte was an Italian painter of the late-Renaissance period.
He was a pupil of Ridolfo Ghirlandaio.
He also worked in Málaga and Córdoba, conducting his work in a Mannerist style.
Paolo Di Falco or Paolo Antonio Onofrio Di Falco was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, depicting mainly religious subjects.
Giacomo Alboresi was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
During the late 1950s many cooperative galleries along Ninth and Tenth Street in New York City's East Village showcased the work of young artists.
The church of San Niccoló in Fabriano has a Madonna between SS.
For the parish church of Finale he painted copies of major canvases for the chorus.
He worked in Genoa under his father-in-law Filippo Parodi for many years and was involved in portraiture.
Murdoch graduated from the Slade School of Art followed by a postgraduate diploma at the Royal Academy of Arts, London.
He also studied at the Munich Academy under Wilhelm von Kobell.
He is best known for his etchings of landscapes and religious subjects, influenced by Paul Bril.
At the time he was considered to be the best student in the college.
Dorothea Maetzel-Johannsen was a German avant-garde painter.
Jovan Karlo Villalba grew up in Miami, Florida.
Bryan attributes his training to either Lorenzo Pasinelli, Cesare Gennari, or Guercino at Bologna.
He was born in Marino, and active in 1610.
The Master of 1328 was an Italian illuminator active in the area around Bologna from about 1320 until 1340.
He originally studied to be a surgeon.
Bartolomeo Giangolini was an Italian painter active in Fano.
Gibeon Elden Bradbury was a painter from Buxton, Maine.
He painted landscapes and portraits; subjects included Charles Sumner.
By 1989, Conroy's work had already gained much recognition and praise in the United Kingdom and internationally.
Nothing further is known about him, and few works have been ascribed to his hand.
He is Associate Dean and professor at the Yale School of Art.
In 1953 he received the Nordgau-Kulturpreis for visual art.
Saints Giacinto and Francis Adoring Virgin for church of Sant Lucia.
Andrea del Minga or Andrea di Mariotto del Minga was a Florentine painter of the Mannerist style.
She also exhibited at the Paris Salon from 1907 to 1913, and her work was shown at the Walker Art Gallery.
He also painted for a chapel in the Basilica of San Magno, Legnano.
Her work is based on narrative and mythological themes, with an autobiographical perspective.
Born in Verona, Ligozzi flourished at Florence around the year 1620.
Nicola Malinconico was a Neapolitan painter of the late-Baroque.
He had a six-month scholarship in Paris before returning to Munich for the SPUR exhibition in Galerie van de Loo.
In 1797–98 he studied under Johann Heinrich von Dannecker, then relocated to Paris where he spent 1799 to 1802 in the studio of David.
He later moved to Spain where he painted for the royal family of Philip V for over a decade.
He painted in Turin for the Carignano family and Novellara.
He was a pupil of the painter Tommaso Salini.
Bartolini, Gioseffo Maria was an Italian painter of the late-Baroque period.
Stefano Dall' Arzere or Stefano Dell'Arzere as an Italian painter of the second half of the 16th century.
Hudson Mindell Kitchell was an early 20th-century American artist known primarily for his luminescent and tonalist landscapes.
Some of his own works are exhibited in the Tower of Fresken at the town of Dürrröhrsdorf-Dittersbach, near Dresden.
He was the pupil of the painter Alessandro Rosi.
There are at least three Italian painters that gained the nickname Brescianino.
From 1863-71 he lived in Kronberg in the Taunus.
He studied painting at the Düsseldorf Academy, and afterwards went with Cornelius to Munich.
She appeared in "The Chicago Art Scene".
Andrea Malinconico was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period, active near his natal city of Naples.
Giacomo Pavia was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly in his native Bologna.
In 1960, at age 16, she began college at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago.
Haley received the prestigious Oregon Governor's Award for the Arts, in 1989.
He was called Cristofano Casolano by Giovanni Baglione.
He also painted a contemporary portrait of Masaniello now at the museum of the Certosa di San Martino.
His works can be seen in most national parks east of the Mississippi River and at the Virginia Baptist Historical Society at the University of Richmond.
Simon Sparrow began creating art at age seven and also began his practice of informal and street preaching in his youth.
Born in Clusone, he was the grandson of Domenico Carpinoni.
He studied under John J. Holland, and became known as a landscape painter, working in oil and watercolor.
Later, he left Rome for Dresden, where he spent the last part of his life.
He was a disciple of the Genoese painter Domenico Fiasella.
After the war he returned to Cologne, where in 1919 he cofounded the artists' group Stupid with other members of the local constructivist and dada scene.
Dionisio Montorselli was an Italian painter of the late-Baroque period.
Antonio Barbalonga or Barbalunga, also called Antonio Alberti, was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
He painted in Milan for General Martini, and in Vienna for Prince Eugenie, including portraits of the Prince and the Emperor.
His works can also be found in Orvieto Cathedral and in the Basilica of Superga in Turin.
He was born in Bavaria, Germany in March 1830.
Forthcoming: a "Companion" to his work with essays by contemporaries and an "Allen Fisher Reader", both due in 2017.
Sam Flores is an American visual artist, illustrator, and muralist, primarily creating urban- and graffiti-inspired modern art.
Between 1719 and 1722, he worked as a journeyman for Cosmas Damian Asam.
He engraved several portraits and a plate, representing the Virgin and Infant Christ, with St. Sebastian and other Saints after Paolo Veronese.
He travelled to Rome to study painting.
His painterly decorations cover vaults in many Roman churches, including Santa Anastasia and San Macuto.
Paolo Bianchi was an Italian engraver of the Baroque, chiefly employed in engraving portraits for the booksellers, active c. the year 1670.
The tin tube allowed unused oil paint to be stored and used later without drying out.
Lattanzio Pagani was an Italian painter of the late-Renaissance or Mannerist period, active mainly in Umbria.
He trained under Domenico Stella in Rovigo.
In 1863, the directors of the Pennsylvania Academy sent Wylie to France to study.
He etched several plates from the works of Italian masters, among them the following :
Francesco Menzocchi was an Italian painter of the late-Renaissance and Mannerist period.
He painted burlesque genre paintings, similar to those of Alessandro Magnasco.
Another Crucifixion with Saints was painted for the Ospedale di San Paolo in Savona.
She teaches life drawing and painting at St Ives School of Painting and is an Academician of the Royal West of England Academy.
He drew a game with Louis Paulsen in a blindfold simultaneous display at Düsseldorf in 1862.
George B. Sutherland is an artist and teacher in Stamford, Connecticut.
His brother, Giovanni Trasi, was also a painter and became a later collaborator in quadratura with Pier-Sante Cicala.
He was described as a pupil of Vincenzo Dandini and a follower of Ciro Ferri.
He was the last court painter of the German Emperor, King of Prussia Wilhelm II and Empress Hermine.
After the usual schooling that prepared him for the business world he decided to follow his old dream of being a painter.
Gale received her BFA from the Rhode Island College in 1988 and her MFA from Yale University in 1991.
In 1990, he was elected into the National Academy of Design as an Associate Academician, and became a full Academician in 1994.
Some of his work displays affinities with mannierism.
He painted historical subjects in the style of his father, and has left works in Rome and in his birthplace.
Her pieces possess a strong psychological component due to the amount of time she spends with her models.
He was a pupil of Gabriele Ferrantini and Annibale Carracci.
Jonas Veit was a German history painter.
She is currently faculty at the Rhode Island School of Design.
He often painted for the Theatine order.
Simon Combes was an artist born in Shaftesbury, England.
He was a pupil of Antonio Cimatori in Urbino.
Bonati attempts to establish a studio to rival Carlo Maratta.
He painted mainly landscapes of Bavaria, Tyrol and Switzerland.
He completed a Christ preaching to the Magdalen for the Maddalena in Bologna.
He was principally employed in embellishing the palaces and public edifices at Turin with allegorical subjects.
He is said to have murdered his 36-year-old wife and painter, Aniella di Beltrano, in a fit of jealousy.
He was born and active in Ferrara, and worked with Bastianino.
His nickname "Pete" came from his mother's French name for him: "petit".
Edward Savage was an American portrait painter and engraver.
Born in Florence, but mostly active in Rome, he was a pupil of the painter Cigoli.
His father was the prominent Genoese painter, Domenico Piola.
Walter Firle or Walther Firle was a 19th-century painter from Germany.
In 2004, she received the Grand Prize in the VSA arts Driving Force juried exhibition for emerging disabled artists.
He studied art in Europe and was active in New York City before moving to Santa Barbara, California in the 1920s.
was an Italian painter active in Rome.
She is represented by Asya Geisberg Gallery in New York.
He painted an altarpiece of the Virgin with Saints for Santa Maria in Via Lata.
At Asciano, his birthplace, there is a work by Giovanni, similar in style to the works of Barna.
He painted in oil and water-colours, and on porcelain and enamel.
He died in Brompton, London in 1805.
A resident of Miami, Florida, he was a member of the Miami Palette Club and the Pastel Society of America.
Nicolò da Voltri was an Italian painter who was active in Genoa from 1394 to 1417.
In 1692, he entered the convent of San Gaetano in Brescia, and completed an altarpiece of the saint for the church.
He is described as a follower of Giordano,
He was born in Bergamo, and was active there till 1555, but they left for Spain to work for the Spanish King.
He was active towards the close of the 17th century, born at Milan.
His works can be seen in museums such as the National Gallery of Ireland.
According to Ridolfi and others, was a native of Padua, painted numerous altar-pieces for the churches and convents of that city.
He painted a San Giovanni baptizing the Multitude for the church of San Paolo in Genoa.
In the Sacristy of San Giovanni Evangelista at Pistoia there is a painting by him of 'St.
Stylistically, the painting appears to be descended from the work of the Nuremberg Master of the Altarpiece of the Virgin.
he painted for the churches and court of Guastalla.
These paintings In a Dutch Cottage and Le Repas were included in the 1905 book Women Painters of the World.
Stark and his family returned to the United States in 1888, living first in New York and later in Philadelphia.
He was also the author of book Shouting in the dark.
Watson provided the cover art for Ray Bradbury's The Martian Chronicles, second edition, printed in 1953.
Sylvester Phelps Hodgdon was an American painter.
Little is known of Zehender's life; records indicate that he was admitted to Basel's guild of painters in 1529, at which point he was granted citizenship.
In Rome, he is said to have gravitated to the syle of Cesare D'Arpino.
He died from cholera in Portici, Italy, aged 62.
He was a native of Venice, active c. year 1525.
To Veit is due the credit of having been the first to revive the almost forgotten technique of fresco painting.
He visited Rome, and was employed in some considerable works for the Cardinal de' Medici, afterwards Leo XI.
He also completed a highly finished etching representing the '’Resurrection of Lazarus’'.
He was the son and pupil of the late-Mannerist painter Santi di Tito.
He was reputedly a pupil of Giulio Romano, but he soon abandoned painting for engraving.
Kacere continued this type of painting throughout the rest of his career, making it an icon of the photorealism movement.
Claudia Vecchiarelli was born in Schwabmünchen, Germany.
They are inscribed Nicholaus Gulielmus Alforae Lotharingus fecit, Romae.
He was regarded as the official painter of the Venetian Republic.
He was born in the British Military Hospital in Hostert, Germany, where his mother was a nurse, and his father was serving as a code-breaker.
One of his most noted pictures represents Richard Coeur-de-Lion with his Court listening to Blondel's Song.
His brother Ercole was also educated by Gessi.
Heinrich Anton Dähling(19 January 1773 – 10 September 1850) was a historical and genre painter born in Hanover.
The work was restarted by a new patron, Girolamo Theodoli, the Bishop of Cádiz after 1569 and finished around 1575.
One of his pupils was a juvenile Pietro da Cortona who moved to Rome and became one of the towering figures of the Italian Baroque.
Salvatore Simoncini was an Italian painter, mainly of genre themes.
His family was a prominent Roman family.
Of all the sisters Jessica Hayllar and Edith Hayllar where the most well-known painters, both specializing in genre painting like their father.
Upon graduation, Red Star and several other Native students received scholarships to the San Francisco Art Institute.
He is known to have done a double portrait of his older colleague and Master Hans Burgkmair and his wife in 1527.
Giovanni Battista Revello, also called il Mustacchi, was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
Filippo Brizzi or Briccio or Brizio was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
Cochran exhibited his portraits at the Royal Academy between 1821 and 1823, and at the Suffolk Street Gallery from 1821 to 1827.
He also engraved some plates, which are executed in a mixture of the styles of Marcantonio Raimondi and Andrea Mantegna.
a painting of Christ in triumph with angels at the head
Joseph Ignaz Appiani was a South-German painter of late the Baroque.
Giovanni Battista Colomba was an Italian painter and architect of the Baroque period.
Weiner's works weld glamour with the organic while reconsidering the cycle of nature and artificiality.
He painted an altarpiece on the San Alberto heals the sick for the church of Santa Maria in Montesanto.
Giuseppe Agellio was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
Tommaso Aldrovandini was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
It was destroyed with many other valuable works of art in the burning of that palace.
Girolamo Comi was a 16th-century Italian Renaissance painter.
Robert Wylie, American artist, was born in the Isle of Man and relocated with his parents to the United States as a child.
Born in Pesaro, his first training was with Guido Reni in Bologna, then Simone Cantarini, then Benedetto Gennari.
Costanzo Cattani, or Francesco Costanzo Cattani, was an Italian painter, active mainly in his native Ferrara.
Returning to Ascoli, he was active in painting churches and as a scenic designer for the theater.
After the SPUR group was expelled from the Situationist International, they continued to do collaborative work, linking up with Wir in 1966 to form Geflecht.
Frank Spenlove-Spenlove was an English landscape and figure painter, although born in Stirling, Scotland.
After the mid-1950s and until his death Greene's mature work was related to abstract expressionism, color field painting and surrealism.
Giovanni Maria Baldassini was an Italian painter of the late Renaissance period.
He died at Dresden, December 18, 1828.
Many of his paintings were produced as limited-edition prints.
Giovanni di Apparecchiato, also called il Nuccaro was an Italian painter of the Gothic period in Pisa.
He was part of the large Quaglio pedigree of Italian artists involved in architecture, indoor fresco decoration, and scenography for the court theaters.
He has had solo exhibitions at Fishmarket Gallery, Northampton, Sartorial Contemporary Art London and at Gallery Brauchbachfive in Frankfurt.
Giuseppe claimed to have trained with the renowned Baroque painter Francesco Solimena.
He died at Munich in 1840, while engaged upon a picture of the great review near that city before the Emperor of Russia.
His son was the painter Friedrich Georg Weitsch.
In 1949, Adam opened an International Harvester farm implement dealership with his brother at Ste.
In early 1979, he supported Howard Pawley's bid to replace Schreyer as interim leader of the party.
From 1604 to 1612, he is listed as member of the Venetian Fraglia dei Pittori.
Mair von Landshut was a German engraver and painter.
In Trapani, he painted for the church of the Dominicani, and the organ doors for the church of Santa Maria di Gesu.
At the age of 20 years, he moved to Rome with Reni.
He painted the altarpiece of Santa Margherita in Perugia.
He was active in Bergamo and Crema.
Pawla lived out the last years of his life as a resident of Monterey, California before his death at Fort Ord, California on December 18, 1964.
Her work includes automatic gestures, vivid colors, and stippled textures that help evoke the feeling of devastation.
Born and active in Rome, his story was featured in the biographies by Baldinucci.
Giovanni Battista Belloti was an Italian painter of the Baroque style, active mainly in Verona.
Fridolin Leiber was a German painter who produced a number of popular religious prints.
Andrea Camassei was an Italian Baroque painter and engraver, who was mainly active in Rome under the patronage of the Barberini.
He was born and died at Regensburg.
He painted a Descent of the Holy Ghost for the church of Saints Gervasius and Protasius in Bologna.
She attended St. Martin's Lane Academy and later the Royal Academy, where she began showing her work in 1877.
The son of Liverpool merchants, he lived in Rock Ferry before moving to London in 1866.
Emmi Whitehorse is a Native American painter and printmaker.
He won a medal of the second class at the Paris Salon of 1872.
The Virgin and Infant Jesus with St. John; half-length.
Egginton painted many scenes in County Donegal, Ireland, visiting there in 1930.
His brother Francesco was also a painter.
Ugolino di Tedice, was an Italian painter and the brother of Enrico di Tedice.
He was one of several artists residing in Naples that were influenced by the style of Giorgio Vasari.
He trained under Antonio Calza and mainly painted battle paintings in the style of Jacques Courtois
Leonardo Parasole was an Italian engraver on wood of the late-Mannerist and early-Baroque periods.
He became a follower of Andrea Sabbatini.
He probably came to Venice at least five years prior to that in order to begin his artistic training.
Resurrection of Lazarus, fresco in the Basilica of San Benedetto, Norcia
He was admitted to the Academy of St Luke in 1668.
Thomas Joseph Banks, sometimes known as "Thomas John Banks", was a British portrait and landscape painter.
Ludwig II of Bavaria was his patron beginning in 1869.
He also frescoed a cartoon of Romano’s depicting Peter and Paul as fisherman.
She would have also shared the latter household with her cousin Caroline Fanny Williams, the daughter of her uncle, and an accomplished painter as well.
Klaus Fußmann, is a contemporary German painter.
Filippo da Verona was an Italian painter of the early-Renaissance period.
Mirabello Cavalori was an Italian painter of Mannerist style, active mainly in Florence.
His book Le finezze de' pennelli italiani was one of the earliest compilations of biographies that included baroque artists from Bologna and Milan.
Stefano Veneziano, or Stefano di Sant'Agnese was a 14th-century Italian painter from Venice.
He was a member of the Accademia di San Luca from at least 1638 and became principe in 1656–58.
Peter resides at Holy Cross Monastery in West Park, NY and is a priest who has pastored a number of parishes over the last 20 years.
Héléna Arsène Darmesteter, born Héléna Hartog was a British portrait painter.
For the last decade or so she has been working on her Yellow Man project, a large collection of works featuring a cartoon-like yellow horned figure.
He trained with Girolamo Curti, became an accomplished imitator of Agostino Mitelli, the pre-eminent quadratura painter from Bologna.
She was a member of both the Royal Watercolour Society and the Royal Institute of Painters in Water Colours, who awarded her a membership in 1875.
He studied art in Westlake Village at the California Art Institute under the illustrator Glen Orbik.
He also worked in Mantua for the house of Gonzaga.
The following description of Mr. Robinson's art may be found at the Art Renewal Center's website: [1]
Max Lohde was a German painter, known for his sgraffito work.
William Henry Howe was an American painter active in Bronxville.
He moved to Spain in 1692, and was employed by Charles II of Spain; and in conjunction with Luca Giordano, he helped decorate the Escorial.
He was also an engraver in aquaforte.
She and her brother were educated at Bedales School and she then attended Birmingham School of Art before becoming a freelance painter for Wedgwood.
He painted several posters for the war effort of World War I, his best-known probably being "Remember Belgium".
He studied at Edinburgh College of Art in the 1960s, under Sir William Gillies, John Houston, Elizabeth Blackadder and Robin Philipson.
He became professional, teaming-up with Washington Green Fine Art Publishing to produce eight limited edition prints.
From 1977 to 1978 he created illustrations for Interview and published another book called Bible Stories.
He also has a painting at Basilica dei Santi Giovanni e Paolo.
Sparrow is best known for his mixed media constructions and paintings, which he began creating once he moved to Madison, Wisconsin in the 1970s.
His work can currently be seen at the Museum of Biblical Art and the Fulginiti Pavilion at Anschutz Medical Campus.
Aurelio Lomi was an Italian painter of the late-Renaissance and early-Baroque periods, active mainly in his native town of Pisa, Tuscany.
His nephew, Giovanni Fonticelli, was also a painter.
He was born at Carpi,and after some years working at Modena, he became a pupil of the painter Carlo Cignani in Rome.
He made cuts for the Herbal book written by Castore Durante, physician to Pope Sixtus V, which was engraved by order of that pontiff.
He was born in Uzzano near Pescia.
Her works are in the collection of the Butler Institute of American Art, where she had her first solo museum exhibition in 2008.
Spencer Frederick Gore was a British painter of landscapes, music-hall scenes and interiors, usually with single figures.
In 1999 he was voted Artist of the Year by the Fine Art Trade Guild.
He also made portraits of Francesco Algarotti and Luigi Lanzi.
There are also paintings of his in his hometown of Pieve di Teco as well as in the parish church of Sant'Ambrogio in Alassio.
In 1884 at the Esposition of Turin del 1884, another canvases of hunted game and one titled: Un regalo.
Pompeo Landulfo was an Italian painter active mainly in Naples.
Altmann's oil paintings show scenes of alpine life, robbers, poachers, smugglers, folk festivals and other topics.
Leslie Worth OBE was an English watercolourist.
Konrad Witz was a German-born painter, active mainly in Basel, Switzerland.
His sister Rebecca Moore completed his work setting up the Gesso Foundation for artists after his death.
Today, Williams is widely regarded as the first American portraitist.
The Battle of Iconium; after Lessing, 1839
He painted an altarpiece of the Virgin with child, Saints Clare, John the evangelist, and Nicolò, for the church of Santa Chiara in Montelupone nelle Marche.
William Formby Halsall was a marine painter born in Kirkdale, England.
Giuliano Presutti or Persciutti or Presciutti was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period, active in Marche and Umbria.
He is also known as Jacopo da Reggio or Giacomo Baccarini.
He was born Roger Hildesheim and his parents changed the name to Hilton in 1916, when anti-German feeling was prevalent.
He completed a painting of Saints Francis and John the Baptist with Prophet Daniel for the Duomo in Pordenone.
Bernieri was an eminent painter of portrait miniatures.
Nicol graduated from Cardiff College of Art.
All his work is distinguished by great decorative charm and by purity and nobility of line.
At least some of his works were painted in 304 BC.
Because of his father's employment as a petroleum geologist, he grew up in Luanda, Angola; Bangkok, Thailand, Conroe, Texas, and Islamabad, Pakistan.
The group produced 16 tableaux, which were engraved in France in 1774.
Kaspar Anton von Baroni-Cavalcabo was an Italian painter of the late Baroque period.
He was the son of Pietro Marone the Elder, a painter who was the mentor of Francesco Giugno.
One of his pupils was Santo Cattaneo.
He was the son of Giuseppe, cousin of Pompeo Aldrovandini, and sibling of Domenico.
The following are some of his works:
He is known as one of the followers of the style of Luca Cambiasi.
Wells was born in London in 1762.
He also worked in conjunction with Antonio Maria Pasio in the cathedral of Florence.
He was born in Foligno, but became a pupil of Guido Reni.
Francesco Cavazzone was an Italian painter of the early-Baroque period.
Born at Berlin in 1709, Falbe was instructed by Harper and A. Pesne.
She is described as learning the art of design from Giovanni Andrea Sirani, and in coloring by Emilio Taruffi and Lorenzo Pasinelli.
In 1809 he travelled through Switzerland and proceeded thence to Milan, where for two years he resided at the Court of Eugene Beauharnais.
His best etching is perhaps the large plate of "Dornröschen".
With events captured clearly in his mind and on film, Shepler went home to Massachusetts to create more details painting from his sketches and film footage.
In 1999, the Pacific Union College's Rasmussen Art Gallery held a Nathan Greene exhibition titled “Portraits of Jesus”.
The closest follower of Vassallo's still-life style is Giovanni Agostino Cassana.
Holzer has actively shunned the mainstream art scene, avoiding media attention and rarely granting interviews.
This drawing via liquid creates a capricious and unpredictable ground and forms a base, both in terms of material and narrative.
Phalanx was an association of artists formed in Munich in 1901.
To the 1887 Exposition of Florence, he sent two landscapes: il Novembre, il Dicembre, and a painting titled Idillio.
From the style of his engraving, it is probable that he was a pupil of Giovanni Battista Galestruzzi.
Later on he took to flower painting in oil and gouache, and to portraiture in pastel, but he had to struggle hard for a livelihood.
A series of portraits by him of the Austrian archducal family was afterwards engraved.
Karl Ballenberger was a 19th-century German painter who worked in an archaic, medievalising style.
In other projects, he collaborated with Alessandro Gherardini, Filippo Maria Galleti, Giovanni Andrea Brunori, and Giovanni Sacconi.
Giulio Trogli was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
Hans Besser was a German Renaissance portrait painter.
During this time, Nadorp met the King Ludwig I of Bavaria, and they both shared a friendship.
In his paintings he counterbalances old master techniques with contemporary themes.
In 1931, Pawla returned to New York to pursue further commissions.
He was a pupil of the painter Domenichino, as the latter worked at Frascati.
Giovanni Bernardo Lama was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period, active mainly in Naples.
His son, Giulio the Younger, was born in Como and established himself in the Friuli about the end of the 17th century.
Professor Maurice Cockrill, RA, FBA was a British painter and poet.
He also made several commercial rural scenes in the 1890s, immediately after his success.
His provisional name derives from an altarpiece he painted for the Cathedral of Saint Martin in Spišská Kapitula, in the town of Kirchdrauf.
He opened a school at Imola, and painted throughout Emilia-Romagna.
Mares and Foals from the Royal Stud, 1808
David Thorpe is an artist based in London.
He was known to be active c. the year 1564.
He exhibited at the Royal Academy, and about 1817 settled in London.
In 1978 Boudreau was accepted into the Pratt Institute and received a BFA from the institution in 1981.
The defining feature of his work is creative reflection about the apparatus of media presentation and the manic iconography of contemporary picture production.
Francesco Gentileschi was a 17th-century Italian painter of the Baroque period.
Giovanni Maria Galli, called Giovanni Maria da Bibiena, was born at Bibiena, in the Bolognese state, in 1625.
Of their combined work only a Madonna and child between St. Francis and St. Nicholas of Bari remains.
Other noticeable plates of his are a 'View of the large Hall at Stuttgart', and 'John Frederick I., Elector of Saxony '.
They opened a café, where they also sold pottery decorated by Grace.
He was born at Cremona, where he was a pupil of Giovanni Battista Natali.
He painted in an eclectic style, including influences from Caravaggio and the Bamboccianti.
Fabrizio Santafede or Fabrizio Santaféde was an Italian painter known for his altarpieces.
He was born and active in Cortona, although he was a pupil of Pietro da Cortona in Rome.
He was a follower of Carlo Maratti.
He imitated the style of Antonio Campi.
Lowndes was born in Heaton Norris, Lancashire, a suburb of Stockport in 1921, the fifth child of a railway clerk.
His landscape oils done in the 1950s are exemplary of the bold combination of form, color and texture for which this group is celebrated.
His landscapes exhibit very pleasing scenery, and he appears to have imitated, in the arrangement of his pictures, the tasteful style of Gaspar Poussin.
Francesco Costanzo Cattaneo was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, born and mainly active in Ferrara.
At Siena he painted a Beato Galgano for the church of San Francesco, and an Assumption for the hospital of Santa Maria della Scala.
Edward Wesson was an English watercolour artist.
Paul Blaine Henrie was an American painter and illustrator who was best known for seascapes and coastal scenes.
He became renowned as a portrait miniature painter.
His works as a painter are little known; but he engraved several plates, some of which are after his own designs, which possess considerable merit.
He excited the jealousy of a contemporary artist, Lazzaro Calvi, who reputedly poisoned him and ransomed his cat for several thousand ducats.
He was born in Crema, and was a pupil of Giovanni Giacomo Barbelli.
According to Giorgio Vasari he was the most talented assistant of Giulio Romano during his stay in the service of the Gonzaga Marquis' of Mantua.
The eldest son of Giulio Camillo dell' Abbate, and grandson of Niccolo, Ercole was born at Modena about the year 1563.
Sidney E. King was an American painter and art teacher who lived in Massachusetts and Virginia.
Zanardi was a disciple of Marcantonio Franceschini.
Mark Milloff is an internationally exhibited American painter and art professor.
Hermann Friedhold Pluddemann, German historical painter, was born at Colberg in 1809.
Aretusi is described by Lanzi as the better colorist, while Fiorini, the better designer.
He was interred at the cemetery in Mariendorf on 1 November.
Howard Rogers is an illustrator who specialised in drawing nude figures and cowboy scenes.
He exhibited in the Royal Academy and around 1833 became marine painter to the Duchess of Kent and her daughter Victoria.
Giuseppe Zanata was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly in Lombardy.
Goldman exhibits his paintings, which include scenes of the Washington DC suburbs, annually at Bethesda Artist Market in Bethesda, Maryland.
After 1556, Tosini served as an assistant to Giorgio Vasari in the decoration of the Salone dei Cinquecento in the Palazzo Vecchio in Florence.
He returned to England in 1775, and in 1776 he exhibited at the Royal Academy 'The Infant Jupiter fed with goat's milk and honey.'
He was a professor and director of the Gallery at Munich in 1770, and died in that city in 1813.
In 1926 she married Oscar Davies, a merchant navy officer, and in 1934 they moved to Rainham, Kent.
He trained under his father, then became renowned as a painter of quadratura.
in his Cabinet' and 'An Assemblage at Sigmaringen in the Olden Time'.
Häfner was a member of a group of German artists who called themselves the Young Realists, formed in Düsseldorf in the mid-Fifties.
She married James C. Denison on October 17, 1794 and the couple moved to Lansingburgh, New York, where they lived until the 1820s.
Bopp returned to Bamberg at some point before his death; he died there in 1502.
Bernardino Blaceo was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period.
Born and first trained in Siena, he later worked in Rome and in Naples, where he died.
Giulio Mazzoni was an Italian painter and stuccoist, active during the Renaissance period.
After a one-year New York interlude in 1902-03, he returned to Chicago.
His styles now have incorporated elements of impressionism as well as photorealism.
She never married and is remembered most today for her pastels of mothers with children.
The Museum of History & Industry in Seattle holds the largest collection of her works.
She is represented by the Corvi-Mora Gallery in London and by the Jack Shainman Gallery in New York City.
Stephen Mueller was an American painter whose color field and Lyrical Abstraction canvases took a turn towards pop.
He died in 1706, in the monastery of Montughi, near Florence.
The breadth of Beerman's career is evident through her grants, awards, and exhibitions list.
He decorated the church of the Magdalen in Genoa.
A number of his works, including that from which his name is derived, are held by the Treasury of the Basilica of San Francesco d'Assisi.
He first trained with his father, Francesco Vanni, who died in 1610.
Hegemann was involved with developing a Cologne Dada group in 1919, and its offshoot 'Stupid' with her friend Angelika Hoerle.
He is said to have been prized by Pope Clement VIII.
Escaping the horrors of the Second World War, he live for a decade in Ceylon.
Paolo Biancucci was born at Lucca and was a pupil of Guido Reni, and influenced by Sassoferrato.
Jack Smith was a British realist and, later, abstract artist.
These were often produced from plans so that a painting could be completed before the vessel was launched.
On his return to his native town in 1727, he was employed in painting historical pictures for churches and private collections.
Two of his brothers Georg and Paul became goldsmiths themselves, while his third brother was the painter Martin Schongauer.
He also painted some altarpieces in Genoa, including at the church of San Filippo Neri.
He painted a series of canvases for the Oratory of San Nicola da Tolentino in Vicenza.
Johann Matthias Kager was a German historical painter.
In 1970 he was awarded the Gold Medal of the Grand Prix International de Provence.
His work bears a strong Buddhist influence and frequently centers on meditative, abstract or primal themes.
Giovanni Cendramini was an Italian painter and engraver.
Gennaro Greco, also known as "Il Mascacotta", was an Italian veduta painter.
He built a large studio on the back of that house, where he painted.
Girolamo Rossi was an Italian engraver of the late-Baroque.
Barack Obama has been the subject of many of his pieces.
His largest public work is a Synthetic Impressionist piece of the Harvard Footbridge.
He was active in mid 17th century in Rome, emerging as a pupil and one of the most faithful followers of Pietro da Cortona's style.
Francesco Brina or Del Brina or Brini was an Italian painter of Mannerist period, active mainly in Florence.
Landauer is known to have married, and to have had three sons; the eldest, Marcus, is included in the recruitment list of 1429 as "Marcus painter".
Her travel essays from Alaska, Canada, Iceland, the Faroe Islands and Norway were published in Frank Leslie's Popular Monthly, Atlantic Monthly, Forest and Stream and others.
Giovanni Battista Recchi was an Italian painter of the 17th century, a pupil of Pier Francesco Mazzucchelli, and brother of Giovanni Paolo Recchi.
August Albert Zimmermann was a German painter.
He resided in Düsseldorf, Paris, Hamburg, Schwerin and Portici, in addition to Wismar.
As well as Wilson, his pictures are also influenced by John Piper and Raoul Dufy.
She has painted many landscapes and children’s portraits.
Giovanni Paolo Castelli was an Italian painter, active in Rome painting still-life paintings of bowls of fruit and flowers.
Several panels associated with this artist are believed to exist; his name is derived from a painting now in the Museo del Palazzo Venezia in Rome.
The recent tendency has been to attribute these works to anonymous Pseudo-Salini painters.
He is part of a group of young painters based in Leipzig, along with Matthias Weischer, Christoph Ruckhaberle and others.
Dewey graduated in 1968 from Philadelphia College of Art, and then received his MFA from Washington State University in 1974.
John Mandel is an American visual artist and one of the first photorealists to emerge in New York.
He studied at the Los Angeles County High School for the Arts  and Pratt Institute in New York.
Frederick Alexander Pawla, a painter and muralist, was born in Wimbledon, England on September 6, 1876.
His work was also influenced by the Mannerist painters Rosso Fiorentino and Raffaellino del Colle.
Catherine B. Gulley, was an English watercolour portrait and genre painter who lived and worked in Bristol.
Between 1620 -1638 he helps publish a guide to the churches and artwork in Rome.
Andrea Suppa was an Italian painter and architect.
Valerio Castello born in Genoa, was an Italian painter of the Baroque period and one of the pre-eminent Ligurian painters of his time.
Brownell is a Professor of Art at Southern Connecticut State University in New Haven.
Eduard Clemens Fechner was a German portrait painter and an etcher.
Fra' Bonaventura Bisi was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
Girolamo Brusaferro was an Italian painter of the 18th century, active in his native Venice.
Holy Family, Assumption of the Virgin, The Twelve Months, Judgment of Paris after Carlo Maratti.
After a stay in Genoa and Naples he was called to Vienna, where he built a large theatre.
He continued to paint up to his eighty-first year, and died 12 September 1875.
In 1984 he graduated in Development Studies at the University of East Anglia.
Spray-painted with diaphanous textures, delicate and unexpectedly beautiful.
The chapel of the Monastery of Monte Vergine, near Avellino, has a picture of the Madonna said to be by him.
Giuseppe Guizzardi was an Italian painter during the Neoclassical period.
One of his pupils was Tarquinio Grassi
Giovanni Battista Passeri was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
He was a pupil of Lorenzo Lippi and Onorio Marinari.
Though no one's been able to verify it, Dent's grandfather insisted they are direct descendants of Titian, the Renaissance Italian master.
Notable celebrities who bought his work included Vincent Price, John Wayne, Frank Sinatra, and Princess Margaret.
His finest compositions are based on motifs from antique frescos discovered in Pompeii and Herculaneum and from designs by Raphael or his pupil Giulio Romano.
She teaches at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago.
In Bologna he worked with Giovanni Gioseffo dal Sole and Giuseppe Maria Crespi.
Portrait of Cinthio Aldobrandini; after Ludovico Carracci.
Christian Brod, was a German painter whose work was discovered by his cousin Otto Brod in 2012.
Pietro Francesco Alberti was an Italian painter and engraver for the late-Renaissance and early-Baroque periods.
He painted a number of canvases in collaboration with the landscape artist Filippo Giannetti.
The painting of St. Christopher does not seem to be related to these major altarpieces.
Santolo Cirillo was an Italian painter, engraver, and stucco artist, active in Naples.
His portrait of President Dwight D. Eisenhower is in the Smithsonian Institution in Washington, D.C.
By 1682 he was living at Madrid, where there is a picture of the Battle of Almansa painted by him.
There are samples of Grace Barnsley's work at the National Trust property, Stoneywell, Leicestershire.
His gallery is located in the heart of the Pennines, Holmfirth.
Her work is the subject of the book "Amy Banker Now" with essays by among others Martin and Agnes Berecz.
Ruckhäberle has also exhibited at galleries including Arario Gallery in Korea, Nicolai Wallner in Copenhagen, Denmark and Ghislaine Hussenot in Paris, France.
He was born in Gubbio after 1550, and trained with Felice Damiani and Cristoforo Roncalli.
Vasa Velizar Mihich, known as Vasa, is an American artist based in Los Angeles, California.
In 1963, he received a gold medal in Arabian art, and since 1967 he has been the subject of several international exhibitions.
Paintings in S. Maria Portofuori in Ravenna are attributed to him.
Under commission by Cardinal Barberini, he frescoed the church of Santa Agata ai Monti in Rome.
He was the son of a house-tiler, but from his youth had a bent towards art.
His style recalls Raphael, and is also said to have worked with Michelangelo in the Sistine chapel.
Reinhold Lepsius was a German painter, especially of portraits, and graphic artist.
Robert Vargas is a Los Angeles artist known for his charcoal portraits, murals, live events, and monthly live drawings at the DTLA Art Walk.
Their real name was Diependale, and they belonged to a famous glass-painting family in Leuven of the 15th and 16th centuries.
He had two sons who were painters, Giovanni and Stefano.
Between 1578 and 1582 Peterzano executed frescoes in the presbytery of Garegnano Charterhouse, considered one of his masterworks.
His favourite subjects were scenes along the New England coast.
He is also said to have painted the portrait of Raphael Sanzio used at the latter's funeral.
He painted in this town between 1404 and 1438.
Francesco da Castello was a Flemish-Italian painter and manuscript illuminator, active in Rome.
He was a favourite of King Robert, who knighted him in 1310.
Her uncle was Azariel Blanchard Miller, founder of the city of Fontana, California.
He was especially noted for his frescoes in the Vatican, including the Galleria Geographical and Sala Ducale, and the Gregorian Tower.
Haley herself was widely known and praised by art critics for her portraits and still life paintings.
He also made a Madonna with Child, who holds a cross and an apple after Cignani.
It was purchased by the museum as a painting of St Catherine by Matthias Grünewald.
Giovanni Battista Dordoni or Dordone was an Italian painter active in Castelleone.
Other paintings by Onofrio Gabrieli are in the following Sicilian towns: Siracusa, Randazzo, Monforte San Giorgio, Contesse, and Gesso.
He died at Goathland, and an obituary notice in The British Architect described him as "a Yorkshire artist of considerable local repute".
Giovanni Battista Coriolano was an Italian engraver of the Baroque period.
They moved to Nutley, New Jersey in 1890 and returned to New York by 1905.
Holland cites painters Bernard Buffet and Georges Rouault as influences, and works in a primitive impasto style similar to that of fellow Stuckist, Billy Childish.
He painted in fresco for the cloister of Sant Tibaldo in Gubbio and an oil canvas of Christ preaching for the church of San Marziale.
Sebastiano Florigerio was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period.
Count Faustino Duranti was an Italian painter, mainly of illumination and miniature portraits.
Other sources point to him working for or alongside Giovanni da Bologna.
Antonio Capellan was an Italian engraver, active in a Neoclassical style.
Arnim Tölke, a contemporary German painter was born in Göttingen in 1963.
Birth of the Virgin, San Giovanni in Monte, Bologna.
In 1841, Rand patented [2] the invention with the United States Patent Office.
Girolamo Nanni was a 17th-century Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly in Rome.
The Master of the Saint Augustine Altarpiece was a German painter, active in Nuremberg during the second half of the 15th century.
Albert Weisgerber, was a German painter whose work forms a bridge between Impressionism and early Expressionism.
He is mostly known as the master of Caravaggio.
He was born in London in 1933 and came to prominence during the 1960s.
Francesco Bassano the Younger, also called Francesco Giambattista da Ponte or Francesco da Ponte the Younger, was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period.
His practice has recently included the depiction of scenes from the ongoing American wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Giovanni Battista Bracelli was an Italian engraver and painter of the Baroque period, active Florence.
By 1718, he has returned to Brescia, where he specialized in painting altarpieces and religious frescos.
Alessandro Badiale was an Italian painter and engraver of the Baroque period, active in Bologna.
Michelangelo Palloni was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, who worked in the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth from 1674 onward.
He moved to Liverpool in 1842 and began to exhibit in the Liverpool Academy.
Volumes 3 and 4 appeared in 1903 and 1908, respectively.
He painted, in concurrence with Bartolommeo Schedone, some pictures representing scenes in the Life of Hercules, in the Council-hall at Modena.
Moses signed his paintings using various variations of his name, including WALTER FARRINGTON MOSES , WALTER FARRINGTON, W. FARRINGTON, FARRINGTON, MOSES, FARRINGTON MOSES, W.F.
He studied under Robert Diez at the academy before leaving for military service.
Paul Müller-Kaempff was a German painter, illustrator and lithographer.
After her father's 1892 retirement from public service, father and daughter traveled together through England and France; Milly Childers painted landscapes and church interiors.
Giovanni Battista Vernici was an Italian painter.
George Beck was an artist and poet who flourished in America during the early republic era.
However, there are doubts as to whom restored the said Madonna of if a copy was made.
Friedrich Preller the Elder was a German landscape painter and etcher.
Richard Buckner Gruelle was an American Impressionist painter who was a member of the Hoosier Group of Indiana landscape painters.
Giovanni Ventura Borghesi was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly in Rome.
Born in Schmiedeberg im Riesengebirge, Silesia, he graduated from a gymnasium of Hirschberg, and studied at Berlin University of the Arts and Kunstakademie Düsseldorf.
He also painted for the Basilica di San Tamaro in his home town of Grumo Nevano.
Luigi Ghedina was an Italian decorative painter and decorator.
Stefano Falzagalloni was an Italian painter, active in his Ferrara.
Tosini was a mentor to Bernardino Poccetti.
His principal works are at Amsterdam, where he died in 1735.
Vincenzo Ansaloni was a native of Bologna, and a disciple of Lodovico Carracci.
He was a pupil of Luca Signorelli, and painted a Burial and Ascension of the Virgin in the choir of the Cortona Cathedral.
He was a pupil of the Campi.
His early long project Place was published in a series of books and pamphlets in the 1970s.
The images are rough, humorous and tragic, echoing the artist’s humanistic concerns.
But he was still more clearly the disciple of Petrarch, of Boccaccio and of Camoens, each of whom he had carefully and enthusiastically studied.
The style of the painting, with its warm colors, is very much in keeping with the late quattrocento style.
Domenico Rainaldi was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active in Rome in 1665.
He was an accomplished etcher and produced works for Leonardo Agostini’s book 'Le gemme antiche figurate'.
In the Museo Capitolino are paintings of Rinaldo and Armida as well as Sisera and Jael.
He was a pupil first of the painter Sebastiano Galeotti, then of Giovanni Gioseffo dal Sole in Bologna.
Her watercolour painting Riverside landscape with a castle in the distance, dated 1793, was included in the 1905 book Women Painters of the World.
Also known as L'Aconitano due to his natal city of Ancona.
Francesco Andreini was a Rococo era painter from Cesena, Italy.
Small textAlessandro Casolani was an Italian painter of the late-Renaissance period, active mainly in Siena.
In 1352 he executed a Coronation of the Virgin for the Biccherna, the Sienese Ministry of Finance.
He later deconstructed the work of various contemporary American artists.
In 1715 Fanti was appointed by Prince Eugene of Savoy in Vienna.
His son, Karl Christian, who was born at Dresden in 1770, and died in 1826, was likewise a painter.
Active in Bologna and Milan, he also painted the quadratura of the Palazzo Mansi in Lucca, for which Giovanni Gioseffo dal Sole painted the main frescoes.
She believed marriage should be one of mutual esteem and wrote her own vows reflecting this.
Niccola Trometta was an Italian painter of the Baroque.
He also engraved the greater part of the figures in the Ornithology of Ulisse Aldrovandi.
He worked on the paintings on the Life of St. Charles in the church of San Carlo alle Mortelle in Naples.
He is also partners in a film company with Thom Steinbeck, son of author John Steinbeck.
He helped design the Rosette window for the church of Santa Maria Nuova, Cortona.
He painted a Virgin and Child, with Angels and Saints in Glory for the church of the Carmelitani in Sorrento.
On his return to Danzig he practised chiefly as a portrait painter.
Karl Daniel Friedrich Bach) was a German painter.
The subjects found within the magazine include art, literature, business, public service, education, religion, living conditions, home economics, health, housing, and recreation.
Paolo Gerolamo was very active painting sacred subjects and frescoes.
He is known for his paintings of mysterious landscapes occupied by solitary figures amidst ancient buildings, calm deserts and expanding oceans.
He was the son of artist Wilson Marlatt.
Giovanni Alberti was an Italian painter, known for his perspective painting.
Stefano Provenzali was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active in his native Cento.
Ferdinando Porta was an Italian painter of the late-Baroque.
Grifo is considered a follower of Giotto.
Sandra Bowden is an artist and painter from New York City and was president from 1993 to 2007, of "Christians in the Visual Arts".
The Venetian pastellist Margherita Terzi was a relative.
Paolo Veneziano, also Veneziano Paolo or Paolo da Venezia was a medieval painter from Venice.
He also painted pictures for the churches in Brescia.
He painted landscapes and architecture in oil and watercolours, and designed in the style of different masters.
She died on 31 July 2015 aged 90.
Lowry met him in 1965 and encouraged him.
He studied under Albani, and his productions have often been mistaken for those of his master.
Sandra Betty Blow RA was an English abstract painter.
He studied under William Evans of Eton, under William Beechey, and in the schools of the Royal Academy, where he first exhibited in 1802.
The Brera Gallery has a portrait of Scaramucci painted by his friend, Francesco Cairo.
He also traveled to Terni and to Naples, and is known to have been in Olevano in 1820.
He painted a St. Wenceslaus in the Quirinal Palace.
Carl Conjola was a German landscape painter in water colours and oil.
Some of his paintings recall the style of Pietro Testa.
Teresio Maria Languasco was an Italian painter and an Augustinian monk.
Keller's students at the Cleveland School of Art and his Berlin Heights, Ohio summer school included Charles E. Burchfield, Paul Travis, and Frank N. Wilcox.
He is best known for a large and colorful polyptych of the Virgin and Child with 14 Saints, located at Santarcangelo di Romagna.
Michele Alberti was an Italian painter of the latter half of the 16th century.
Kelly Sueda lives and works in Hawaii, and his work is in the collection of the Honolulu Museum of Art.
Her work has also been featured frequently in Flagpole Magazine in her home town, Athens, Georgia.
Pomponio Allegri was an Italian painter, the son of Correggio.
He and his wife were based in London from the early 1890s, where he had his studio and received support from the circle around Lord Leighton.
Misiano-Genovese is the initiator of the Altered Lithograph, Excavation Collage and Novel.
His works are original and of great humour, and are neatly and carefully executed.
Trudy Benson is known for her large scale abstract paintings that utilize large swaths and globs of paint.
He ran his own business as a painter and sculptor, together with his brother Heinrich Multscher.
Francisco de Castello was an Italian painter of the late-Renaissance.
Barbara Rossi is a Chicago artist, one of the original Chicago Imagists, a group in the 1960s and 1970s who turned to representational art.
Lucia Casalini Torelli was an Italian painter, active in Bologna.
His name is derived from an altarpiece, dated 1425, donated by Werner II of Pallant to the parish church of Linnich.
Many of Cesare's pictures were ascribed, perhaps knowingly, to Titian.
Adolf Schrödter was a German painter and illustrator.
Not to be confused with the Cardinal Pompeo Aldrovandi
In 1909 she wrote a book called Blazing the Way, which described the early history of Seattle and the Puget Sound region.
In 1860 he became the pupil of Wilhelm Sohn at Düsseldorf, where he permanently settled, and became professor at the academy in 1873.
He painted the Martyrdom of St Felicita and her seven sons for San Maurizio in Mantua.
He was to marry three times, the last in 1710 to a painter of flower still lifes.
He died of AIDS on April 21, 2002, aged 48.
Ludovico Costa was an Italian painter, active mainly in his native Soncino and nearby towns.
He died on October 16, 1748, age 82 in Munich.
In 1717, he was called to Rome, where he was made by Pope Clement XI Albani, abbott in perpetuity of the Augustinian St John Lateran.
He painted a Virgin and Child for Santa Croce in Lucca.
He also painted architectural and perspective views, and sacred subjects.
He was the son of the painter Francesco Pagani, then became a pupil of Santi di Tito, then entered the studio of Ludovico Cigoli.
Prentice is an accomplished and internationally known landscape painter.
He was a pupil of the Mannerist painter Federico Zuccari in Rome, but became influenced by Federico Barocci.
He also painted still life paintings recalling work by Pietro Paolo Bonzi and Paolo Porpora and influenced by the Flemish still life painter David de Coninck.
Pugliese's work has been exhibited at the Eleanor Ettinger, John Pence, Capro Nason, Arcadia, Hirschl and Adler and Bellwether galleries.
Lodovico Leoni was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period, mainly active in Rome.
Savage completed the painting in 1801, and mass-produced the image as a mezzotint.
Baldassare Franceschini was one of his pupils.
Approximately 65% of Thompson's Bristol sitters derived wealth from their head-of-households' participation in the African-Caribbean-Carolina slave-trade.
Thomas von Nathusius was a German landscape and animal painter.
Bingham was born in Belfast, Northern Ireland and died there in 2009, after a long illness.
He exhibited for the last time in 1790.
He was a pupil of the painter Giovanni Filippo Criscuolo.
By 1690 he was in Rome, where he married Eleonora Paperi in 1693 and was reported to have eight children in 1709.
In 1849 he came with his family to London, and settled at Croydon, where some of his best pictures were painted.
He moved to Perugia circa 1714, to become director of the local Academy of Fine Arts.
He was also known for copying works from Dresden Gallery.
His most highly valued work is the painting of Saint Nicholas' Cathedral in Ljubljana.
In 1606 he became a pupil of Domenichino.
Her sister, Geronima Parasole, was also an engraver and made a woodcut of Antonio Tempesta's Battle of the Centaurs.
He painted a Stoning of S. Stephen for the church in Faenza.
He painted the picture in 1751, a year before his son was born and sixteen years before his death.
In 1591-94, he participated in the fresco decoration of the Villa Petraia for the Medici family.
He attended the Akademie der Bildenden Kunste in Munich from 1984–1988 and the Hochschule für bildende Künste Hamburg from 1989-1991.
He died poor in the service of the King of Poland.
In 1891 he established his studio in New York City and the following year became a member of the Society of American Artists.
He was the son and scholar of Marc Antonio Franceschini, was born at Bologna in 1672.
Carlo Antonio Buffagnotti was an Italian painter of the late-Baroque, active as a painter of perspective and theatrical decorations at Bologna and Genoa about 1690.
Adam Eberle, one of the earliest and most gifted pupils of Peter von Cornelius, was born at Aachen in 1804.
He is named for an altarpiece painted for the church of Saint Mary in Friedberg, Hesse, currently in a museum collection in Darmstadt.
John Register was born with a genetic kidney disease that he battled heroically until his death in 1996 at the tragically young age of 57.
He painted for the churches of San Pietro, San Simone, and Santa Croce at Mantua.
Balthasar Anton Dunker was a German landscape painter and etcher, born at Saal, near Stralsund.
's Le peintre graveur lists over fifty of his works.
She is known for landscape, portraits and other subjects.
He is said to have been born at Pavia in the latter part of the 15th century as the son of an obscure painter.
He was also called Girolamo de Rubeis the Younger.
Returning to Genoa, he executed such works as St Dominic for the Teatro Carlo Felice, and Pluto and Proserpine sculpted for the Palazzo Reale.
He was born in Balingen, the son of painter Marx Weiß the Elder, and the brother of painter Joseph Weiß.
He painted scenography for plays as well as quadratura in which Sigismondo Caula inserted figures.
Kim McCarty is a watercolor painter, artist living and working in Los Angeles, CA.
Leonardo Corona was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period, active mainly in Venice.
Simone Barabino was an Italian painter of the late-Mannerist style.
For the dome of the chapel of the Madonna del Sudore in the Cathedral of Ravenna, he painted a fresco of the Assumption of the Virgin.
Franz Gareis was a painter born in Marienthal who studied at Dresden under Casanova.
He was exhibited in "The Future Can Wait" in 2008.
Her work Riverside Landscape was included in the book Women Painters of the World.
His "Episodes from the History of Florida" oil on canvas was painted for the Miami Beach Branch Post Office.
Salinger's novel The Catcher in the Rye while they were students in Liverpool, where she was affectionately called 'Duckie'.
In the United Kingdom, the following works are documented:
He has worked on paintings, conceptual projects, theater set designs and installations.
Edward Greene Malbone was an American painter, and the most sought-after miniaturist of his day.
He primarily painted religious-themed paintings for church commissions.
Carlo Girolamo Bersotti was an Italian painter, active during the Baroque period in Milan.
He was living there with his wife Anna and two children.
She grew up in Franconia and lived in Frankfurt for a long time.
Sebastiano Folli, was a scholar of Alessandro Casolano, and a native of Siena.
Tomasso Sandrini was an Italian painter, active in painting quadratura in Northern Italy, including his native Brescia.
He was born in Gruig, Glenann, Ireland, one of the nine Glens of Antrim, now in Northern Ireland, on March 15, 1910.
He was born in Portland, Maine and died in London, England.
According to the contemporary Giovanni Camillo Sagrestani, Ferretti was a pupil of the Bolognese painter Giuseppe Maria Crespi.
Fabrizio Parmigiano was an Italian painter of the late-Baroque period.
She has a particular interest in drawing what she describes as 'dwelling places' and her work provides a record of the changing city of Wakefield.
He was born in Bologna, where he first apprenticed under Francesco Brizio and Reni.
Later in the war, he became a reconnaissance airman in Norway, where he was captured at the end of the war and held for four months.
Giulio Quaglio the Elder was an Italian painter of frescoes.
He was born in Siena in 1598 and was in Rome since 1633.
He died in Essen in 1917 and was subsequently buried in Gdańsk according to his last will.
Pawla is well known for his public murals in California, including a 1929 commissioned by the Works Progress Administration for Burlingame High School in California.
In 1952, he created El Toro, a symbol for the Santa Fe Rodeo.
He was born and died in Hamburg.
Simone Peterzano was an Italian painter of the later Mannerism, native of Venice.
Sebastiano Galeotti was a peripatetic Italian painter of the late-Baroque period, active in Florence, Genoa, Parma, Piacenza, Codogno, Lodi, Cremona, Milan, Vicenza, Bergamo, and Turin.
He painted the frescoes in the chapel of St Gregory in the Church of the Santissima Annunziata in Messina.
The son of the famous Andrea Sacchi, Giuseppe painted both historical canvases and portraits.
His output was light, and he is claimed to have been a teacher of the elder painter Claudio Ridolfi.
He was born in Pavia and trained with a painter Carlo Antonio Rossi in Milan, then traveled to Rome before settling in Venice.
He was born and died in Laino, a mountain village at Como.
He appears to have been influenced in Rome by Netherlandish still-life painters.
A pupil of his was Maffeo Verona.
He was one of the first artists to paint in Brown County, Indiana making him a forerunner of the Brown County Art Colony.
Cesare Turco was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period.
She became known for her portraits of celebrities from aristocracy, art circles, diplomacy and science.
He trained in Florence, where he was a pupil of Daniele da Volterra.
He was also influenced by the works of Perugino.
He was a friend of Otto Modersohn and Hans am Ende, and was one of the co-founders of the artists' colony at Worpswede.
Vincenzo went on to the court of Savoy, and died there in 1610.
Most of his works are in Genoa and in Liguria.
He was active in Mantua, and then for many years in Verona.
For the Italian film actor of the 1980s, see Giovanni Frezza.
His relationship, if any with Francesco Zugno is unclear .
Cooke was born Frances Jane White in Montclair, New Jersey on January 10, 1913.
He painted the vaults of the Conservators' Apartment representing the Murder of the Innocents much spoiled by restoration.
Carlo Sacchi was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
He painted canvases for the choir of San Ercolano : The testimony of San Ercolano, his Martyrdom, and the Transfer of his Relics.
Clemente Bocciardo was an Italian painter of the Baroque.
Vittorio Bigari was an Italian painter of the late-Baroque period.
Snelling primarily painted miniature portraits, and has works that can be found in the Victoria and Albert Museum.
The artist's paintings have been featured on the 2001 and 1997 Federal Duck Stamps, raising millions for conservation.
Feodor Dietz was a German historical and battle painter.
He did not stay long, as there is evidence he lived in Milan shortly thereafter and was back in Florence in 1625.
He recorded a number of albums under his own name, with music similar to that of Sniff 'n' Tears.
Aurelio Barili was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, born and active in Parma.
He signed his paintings and illustrations with "H. I. Marlatt".
He was active in the Renaissance period from 1512 to 1520, in Varese.
She is the mother of Boris Johnson, British Foreign Secretary and former Mayor of London.
He should not be confused with later painters called Brescianino.
He served in the army during World War I in France where he developed tuberculosis from being gassed.
Domenico Carretti was an Italian painter, born in Bologna, and active mainly at Brescia.
He specialized in marine scenes, particularly of the New Jersey coast.
At about 1523-4 he assisted Giambattista Caporali at the villa of Cardinal Passerini, near Cortona.
Pietro Giovanni Abbati was an Italian set designer, painter and engraver.
His son, of the same name, was also a painter.
His documented painterly output consists of about a dozen works.
In Paris he was a pupil of Robert Henri, René Menard and Lucien Simon, and when he was in Munich he studied with Hans von Hayek.
For Santa Maria dei Monti, he painted an Annunciation.
Patricio Caxés, Caxesi, or Caxete, was an Italian painter who primarily lived and worked in Spain.
Mr. Klitz, an artist with a fine sense of architectural atmosphere and character, has done a great deal to redress the balance.
The latter gallery also possesses his portrait by Des Marées — "painted in 1744, when he was 78 years old."
He progressed from there to producing advertising art for the aircraft industry and other companies.
In August 2009 her dealer, David Godfrey, claimed she was the most copied living artist.
He was also commissioned to design a large tapestry for the Dunfermline Carnegie Trust in Fife, which is now permanently on display in Dunfermline.
Michelangelo Maestri was an Italian artist of the 18th century who died in Rome in 1812.
He was a pupil of Giovanni Battista Bellucci and Piazzetta.
Giovita Brescianino was an Italian painter and a pupil of Lattanzio Gambara.
He was the brother of Orazio and practised in Pisa in the early part of the 17th century.
Fra Emanuele da Como, born in 1625, was a Franciscan monk, and studied art under the direction of Agostino Scilla at Messina.
John Register photographed the cities they passed through.
The great St. Jerome; left incomplete by Agostino Carracci.
The Germans called this fundamentalist Protestant religious movement "die Bilderstürmer".
He was raised in a family that values art and culture, where he developed an early love of drawing and music.
Robin Mason is a British painter born in Porthcawl, South Wales.
After Veronese’s death in 1588, Benedetto, Carlo and Gabriele completed his unfinished paintings.
He was first a pupil of Giovanni Battista Bolognini, but afterwards studied under Guercino in Cento.
In 1577, along with Pietro Marone, he painted the nave of the Duomo Vecchio of San Pietro.
He painted historical scenes, portraits, and landscapes.
Onofrio Palumbo was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
Bernard Schultze was a German painter who co-founded the Quadriga group of artists.
His portrait of Gershwin is now held by the National Portrait Gallery at the Smithsonian Institution.
His daughter, Prudenzia, painted still-life and historical subjects.
Then in the early 1940s he exhibited at events held at the Los Angeles Museum of History, Science and Art.
He was mainly painter of portraits in his early years; he also painted historical and biblical pictures.
Besser demonstrated none of the leading visual style of the Renaissance in Germany.
He was less successful in larger compositions.
Christoph Thomas Scheffler was a German painter of the rococo period.
He had a long and established career, often exhibiting at the Royal Society of British Artists, where he was at one point treasurer.
Other sources indicate his style was developed working under Giulio Giacinto Avellino, a painter from Messina active in Ferrara.
joined the Academy of Fine Arts of Florence.
Though inferior to Giotto, Dante gives him a higher rank in the Purgatorio.
Girolamo da Ponte also known as Gerolamo Bassano was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period.
Ruggieri accompanied Gessi to Naples during the time of Urban VIII.
From 1933 until his resignation in 1936 he was the director of the State School of Art in Berlin.
He first attained success with subjects of the Venetian Renaissance.
He has also taught at Yale and Brown Universities, Parsons School of Design, Trinity College and the Naropa Institute.
He painted there several battle scenes, but afterwards imitated Aniello Falcone in this line of work.
These images are quotations of his own fantastical universes.
He worked in the Expressionist and Cubo-Futurist styles.
He was also known as Francesco Maria Bassi the elder.
We have several slight but spirited etchings by this master, in which the extremities of the figures are drawn in a very masterly style.
She is best known for her large-scale paintings with a macabre twist, often described as photorealism.
He is particularly noted for his work in Austria, including at the Karlskirche, the Melk Abbey, the Belvedere Palace and the Klosterneuburg Monastery.
She has added her husband's family name to her own, and is now known as Saskia Ozols Eubanks.
Morrison's work has been shown internationally, from New York to Tokyo.
Domenico Antonio Vaccaro was an Italian painter, sculptor and architect.
Virgin and Infant Jesus, the Virgin holding a Book.
Many of his drawings are in the Library at Innsbruck.
Giovanni Stefano Robatto was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
His sister, Rebecca Moore, would become a computer scientist, environmentalist, and founder of Google Earth Outreach.
He also painted for churches in Celano.
Giovanni Battista Benaschi, or Beinaschi, was an Italian painter and engraver active in the Mannerist style.
He died in December 1878, at Chiswick, where he had for some time resided.
His graphic prints Male Portrait and Nude were found as part of the 2012 Nazi loot discovery.
He also believes "Pittman's operatic pictures propose that the world's complexity does not override passion, sincerity, and individuality."
Smith's 1751 painting "An Extensive Landscape with Hunting Party" was sold for over $67,000 at an auction at Sotheby's.
George Cuitt the Elder was an English painter.
After his apprenticeship, he worked in Ascoli Piceno, Mogliano, Macerata, Matelica, Recanati, and Corridonia.
Francois "Frank" Joseph Girardin was an American impressionist artist who worked in the Cincinnati, Ohio, Richmond, Indiana and Los Angeles, California areas.
Francesco Fracanzano was an Italian painter who participated in the Masaniello rebellion.
John Plumb was an English abstract painter who emerged in Britain after World War II.
He painted in the presbytery of the church of Santa Maria del Quartiere, Parma.
She died in Bowling Green in 1943.
He was a pupil of Jakob Philipp Hackert and of Vien, and was more distinguished as an etcher than as a painter.
Johann Friedrich Wilhelm Ferdinand Collmann was a German painter and professor, and between 1821 and 1837 he was a member of the Preußische Akademie der Künste.
Gordon is best known for his watercolor artwork.
Among his pupils was Francesco Antonio Altobello.
J. Craig Thorpe is a modern American commercial and landscape artist.
Giovanni Enrico Vaymer was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
The underlying narrative counters sentimentality and serves as the underpinning for his figurative images.
He helped paint for the chapel of San Girolamo in St. Angelo in Milan.
Louis Joseph Bahin was a French-born American painter in the Antebellum South.
Martinotti was a pupil of Salvator Rosa, and often painted landscapes.
Sisto Badalocchio Rosa was an Italian painter and engraver of the Bolognese School.
Julia Buovi, et fu tenuto da M. Agustino di Faci et la Comar Mad.
It is known that he worked on behalf of the council of the city, e.g.
Giulio Campi and Antonio were reportedly half-brothers, while Vincenzo Campi was a full brother.
He is also known as Vincenzo da Pavia, Vincenzo Aniemolo, Vincenzo degli Azani da Pavia, Il Romano and Vincenzo Romano.
His work has been widely featured in print news, social media  and television shows.
These oil on wood panels were placed above the tombs of Agostino and Sigismondo Chigi in the Chigi Chapel.
Amongst his most important works in this field are his paintings of St Mark's Basilica in Venice and the Cappella Palatina in Palermo.
From 1811 to his death he lived and worked in Rome, joining the Nazarene movement and becoming particularly close friends with Friedrich Overbeck.
Veracini was born and died in Florence.
He trained with his father, the painter and engraver, Luciano Bozzoni.
He painted the central part of the polyptych of the Virgin in San Zaccaria, Venice.
Johann Benedikt Beckenkamp was a German painter.
Born at Bassano del Grappa 3 June 1566, he was the youngest son of painter Jacopo da Bassano.
In the same year, Simcock also published a book of poetry entitled Midnight Till Three.
In 1721–24, he apprenticed in the Roman studio of Camillo Rusconi.
Hodgdon's work was also exhibited at the Boston Athenaeum and the Boston Art Club.
Arcangelo Salimbeni was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period active in his native Siena, Italy.
She painted many landscapes of the Campania.
Cochran contributed steelplate engravings to The National Portrait Gallery, Wilson and Chamber's Land of Burns and Wright's Gallery of Engravings.
He maintained a studio at Tenth and Hamilton Streets in Allentown.
Things are moved, added or left out in a process of translating reality into a painted and new reality, that may be subjectively interpreted.
He painted a San Simone Apostle for the Oratory of San Simone Apostolo, as well as a David and the angel with whips
The latter was born at Berlin in 1816, and died at Rome in 1859.
Lorenzo was the son of Girolamo Costa, and was instructed in the art of painting by his uncle Ippolito.
August Friedrich Oelenhainz was a German painter.
Gaius Fabius Pictor made some of the earliest Roman paintings that have survived.
During his career he worked as a freelance artist as well as for organizations like Walt Disney and King Brothers Productions.
Gaspare Celio was an Italian painter of the late-Mannerist and early-Baroque period, active mainly in his native city of Rome.
He was a pupil of Carlo Sacchi, and painted mainly landscapes, still lifes, and animals.
His paintings are in a realistic style that anticipates the impressionists to follow.
The Master of the Washington Coronation is a poorly known Italian painter who was active in Venice around 1324.
A war widow, in 1946 she remarried to journalist and broadcaster Alistair Cooke.
Rafaelle Rabbia was an Italian painter, mainly painting portraits.
Beside working in the traditional oil method, he also worked in the medium of Reverse glass painting.
He was the son of the painter Giovanni Battista Carlone and Niccoletta Scorza.
Giacomo Stella was an Italian painter of the late-Renaissance or Mannerist period, active mainly in Rome.
He painted the canvases of Miracles of San Francesco di Paola for the Church of San Francesco di Paola, Florence.
He was born in Roncade, Province of Treviso.
He was born in Pescia, and trained under Ridolfo Ghirlandaio.
His son, Carlo Francesco Nuvolone, also a prominent in painter in Lombardy.
Giacomo Cordelli was an Italian painter, active circa 1600-1620.
His contributions were during the era of Romanticism.
He painted Italian landscapes, three examples of his work being in the Vienna Museum.
The Nativity, or Adoration of the Shepherds; after Parmigiano.
Hubert Andrew Freeth RA was a British portrait painter and etcher.
His early work as a sculptor in Philadelphia is little known, with only a few works positively attributed to him.
Giacinto Bellini, born at Bologna, in the early part of the 17th century, was a scholar of Francesco Albani.
There, he married Adelheid Kitzin the same year.
He joined the Philippine order established by Saint Phillip Neri.
A Madonna and Child, with young St John is in Museo Poldi Pezzoli in Milan.
He was influenced by the neoclassical work of Mengs.
In the church of San Gregorio Magno, he painted a canvas on the Massacre of Saints and Martyrs in Japan.
Giovanni Pietro Ligario was an Italian painter and architect of the late-Baroque.
His name comes from a painting of the Madonna and Child currently in the cathedral of Castelsardo.
Luigi Miradori was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly in Cremona.
Heinrich Pommerencke was a successful portrait painter of Mecklenburg-Schwerin.
After the Franco-German War Mützel started illustrating some of the more important encyclopedias of the time.
In St Ives too, he began making jewelry as a side line, although his main occupation was always painting.
He and brother Nicholas Krushenick opened an artists' cooperative called the Brata Gallery in the late 1950s.
Subsequently he painted under the direction of Cornelius in the Museum at Berlin.
Native to Mazzo di Valtellina near Como, he was reputed to have been a pupil of Perino del Vaga.
Containing few references to modern life, Robinson's work has a timeless and universal quality, and exhibits a distinct turn-of-the-century stylistic aesthetic.
Giovanni Battista della Marca was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period.
He was awarded the Heinrich Mann Prize in 1958, the year of his death in Berlin.
His plates are chiefly etched and finished with the dry point.
In 1494, he frescoed the church, now razed, of Santa Maria delle Grazie in Bergamo, with the story of St Francis of Assisi.
Louis Asher, originally Julius Ludwig Asher, was a German artist.
Most likely these are the only two surviving parts of a larger altarpiece that was destroyed, perhaps on the occasion of the modernization of the Collegiate.
Luigi Lanzi erroneously refers to him as Giovanni Battista Draghi, who should not be confused with the composer of the same name.
He attended Cornelis Kruseman's studio together with other artists of this period, such as Alexander Hugo Bakker Korff, David Bles and Herman ten Kate.
He was born at Messina, and painted altarpieces.
For the church of the Dominican convent of St. Lucia, he painted an Assumption of the Virgin surrounded with Angels, and Apostles below.
Genevieve Springston Lynch, also known as Gene Lynch, was an American painter and art teacher who taught and worked in Hawaii.
He also feels his subjects in order to paint them.
Other works are in the churches of Naples and Genoa.
His income from painting was used to support his family.
Fra Giovanni Maria da Brescia was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period.
Two years after she died in 1823, Roux re-married to Charlotte Mariana Wippermann.
He was a charter member of the National Farmers Union, and served as president of its Local 509.
They had two children, but both died in childhood.
The altarpiece panels are now housed in a variety of different museums.
He is said to have trained or worked under either Caravaggio for ten years in Rome or by local tradition under the Carracci in Bologna.
He was active in the city council of Hamburg, and painted 17 portraits of princes for the Hamburg city hall.
He trained with Francesco Brizio, Bernardino Baldi(active 1599-1615), and Denys Calvaert and one of his pupils was Giovanni Antonio Fumiani.
The Master of the Blue Crucifixes was an Italian artist active either in the region of Umbria or Emilia during the middle of the thirteenth century.
He was the father of the painter Fabrizio Santafede, a pupil of Andrea Sabbatini.
Schmidt called Goldenschweg’s contribution to the thierd Secession exhibition “competent and promising” Portrait bust, such as Wilhelm Rudolph and Volkmar Glaser, and small-scale works.
Lanzi particularly mentions one in the Casa Magnoni, representing the Baptism of Constantine.
Max Dauthendey was a German author and painter of the impressionistic period.
Romolo Panfi was an Italian painter, active in Tuscany.
His brothers include sculptors Giuseppe Mazzuoli and Antonio Giovanni; architect Francesco; and the wood-carver Agostino.
He was born in Cortona, was part of the circle of Annibale Carracci and Domenichino, and trained under Giovanni Battista Viola in Rome.
Matteo di Vittore was an Italian painter of the Renaissance, active in Venice.
Giulio Bruni was an Italian painter of the late-Renaissance period.
He painted with Gasparo Bazzani a great hall in the Palazzo Milano a fresco commemorating the marriage of Ferdinand of Austria and Maria Beatrice.
His works are chiefly at Ferrara and at Venice, where he was called Il Ferraresino.
His studio was in New York City.
His nephew, Giovanni Baratta was also a sculptor.
Baer is known for her colorful oil paintings and her flamboyant art, political and musically-themed events.
Among his works as an etcher are two fine sets in soft ground; Thomas Gainsborough's English Scenery and Select Views in Cumberland.
He studied in Dresden, Berlin, and Düsseldorf; his paintings, chiefly genre subjects and portraits, were popular.
Giovanni Battista Buonocore was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
In Brescia, his pupils were Ottavio Amigoni, Francesco Barbieri, and Ambrogio Besozzi.
He has one oil on canvas paintingin the Smithsonian American Art Museum.
He painted a Last supper for the church of Santa Maria a Piazza, Naples.
Giovanni Stefano Danedi was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
Giovanni Battista Bonacina was an Italian painter and engraver of the Baroque period.
Greppi painted the fresco of Joseph's brothers in Egypt.
He currently lives and works in Leipzig.
Cesare Arbasia was an Italian painter of the Mannerist period.
Christoph Schmidberger is a painter based in Los Angeles.
Only a few of them have survived, most notably in the local Dominican church and the Corpus Christi Basilica.
Henrietta Dubrey is a painter currently living in West Penwith, Cornwall.
Thomas Smith was a seventeenth-century American artist and mariner.
Giovanni Andrea Biscaino was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, described by the Grove Dictionary of Art as a "mediocre landscape painter".
He studied at the Royal Academy of Art, and exhibited there for a number of years.
Vogel was born in Plauen, Kingdom of Saxony, as the son of a master builder.
Hugh Mendes is a contemporary British artist.
Richard Misiano-Genovese is a collagist, photographer, painter, and theorist.
Fermo Guisoni was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period, active mainly in his native city of Mantua.
Sutherland has had exhibits in the New York Jacob Javits Center and the World Trade Center.
In 1885, he entered Académie Julian in Paris.
He was previously cited as the Master of San Gaggio.
She was born in Vicenza, and a pupil of Alessandro Varotari and his sister Chiara.
He exhibited paintings at shows in Chicago, Omaha, St. Louis, Buenos Aires, and San Francisco as well as in local and regional exhibits.
In 2008 she was winner of the inaugural Threadneedle Prize for figurative art, winning £25,000 for her Untitled painting of light on a pavement.
Bernardino Lanini, also known as Bernardino Lanino, was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period, active mainly in Milan.
Although the church was demolished in around 1824, the altarpiece can be seen in the Lower Saxony State Museum in Hanover.
Prospero Orsi, also referred to as Prosperino delle Grottesche was an Italian painter of the late-Mannerist and early-Baroque period, active mainly in Rome.
Her style was influenced by early computer painting programs, such as MacPaint and Windows Paint.
He is head of BA and MA painting at City and Guilds of London Art School.
Bach created mostly brush drawings of idyllic landscapes, bustling with people.
Rocco teaches painting, design, and drawing at Elmhurst College.
Works by her are mostly attributed to her father or are called copies after her father.
He also practised as a portrait-painter in Manchester.
His most important achievement, however, was his History of American Painting, the best work on the subject.
He painted an Assumption for the cathedral of Parma.
Holy Family with the Infant St John Baptist and Saint Catherine
On 20 May 2012, Sparrow was posthumously awarded a WVALAA along with 13 other honorees.
Lorenzo Comendich was an Italian painter of the late-Baroque period.
He earned a BFA and a MA at the University of Iowa in Iowa City.
When Corenzio left Naples, Leone became his successor in his work for the palace of the Viceroy.
He published a few etchings and lithographs.
In 1788 he became inspector of the Salzdahlen gallery, and died in that place in 1803.
Around 1980 he was exhibited by Nicholas Treadwell, who then wrote:
His wife died in 1891, leaving him with four children.
In 1569, with his brother Stefano, Rosa painted the entry ceilings for the Library of St. Mark's in Venice.
Other main works currently in progress include two books, a picture story book entitled 'Mannikin', and most recently a novel entitled 'Moustachio'.
One of his pupils was Cola Petruccioli.
Henry teaches painting at the Art School and specializes in animal life and watercolor.
He is notable for his portraits, genre paintings and historic paintings.
This is a characteristic example of his solemn and simple style.
Hodges is known for his multi-media sculptures and collages that involves delicate artificial flowers, mirrors, chains as spiderwebs, and cut up jeans etc.
In the late 1890s, he resided in a home on at #16 The Enclosure, an artists' colony in Nutley, New Jersey.
Paolo Antonio Alboni was an Italian painter of the late-Baroque period.
Bernasconi claims he trained with his uncle Paolo Farinati.
Basil Beattie RA is a British artist, whose work revolves around abstraction and is known for its emotive and gestural forms.
He took prototypes of local peasants which he draw down while visiting Estonia.
In 1678, he fled the city to avoid Spanish repression, seeking refuge initially in France and then in Padua, Mantua, and Ancona.
The following works by him are in public collections: Berlin.
Terry Avon Redlin was an American artist popular for painting outdoor themes and wildlife, often pictured in twilight, as widely collected as prints.
Wenlan Hu Frost, who was born 1958 in Chengdu, Sichuan, China, is an American painter living in Houston, Texas.
Coralie de Burgh was a British painter who won a bronze medal at the 1948 Olympic Exhibition.
In 2005 Fußmann completed a monumental ceiling painting in the Mirror Hall of the Museum für Kunst und Gewerbe Hamburg.
Snyder's work is highly sought after today and is held in numerous public and private collections including the Indiana State Museum and Hanover College.
Berthold Landauer was a German painter active in Nuremberg.
Giovanni Andrea Ansaldo was an Italian painter active mainly in Genoa.
His choice of subjects as a painter was wide; he painted figures, portraits, still-life and landscapes.
Born in Rome to a family from Lorena, he trained under Carlo Maratta.
His brother Bartolommeo Traballesi was an assistant of Vasari.
Carlo Antonio Tavella was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly in Genoa.
He was born about the middle of the 17th century.
He painted St Paul resuscitating a youth for the church of the Congregation of the Oratory of Saint Philip Neri in Fano.
In 2001, White began collecting secrets from friends, family, acquaintances, and strangers.
When the War ended, he and Laura moved to London, although they frequently returned to Cornwall to paint.
1983 – Amazon Parrots.. Rodolphe d'Erlanger: London.
Two of his better-known portraits are of Cyrus West Field and of William Wilson Corcoran.
He painted a Deposition for the church of St John the Baptist in Naples.
Among his pupils were Matteo Borboni and Michelangelo Colonna.
In addition, 16 of his paintings have been published for the worldwide market.
She is a regular exhibitor at the Royal Academy Summer Exhibition.
His knowledge of architecture and perspective was considerable; but he excelled in figures.
His son, Antonello Riccio, was also a painter.
Camillo Setti was an Italian painter, active in a Baroque style mainly in his native Ferrara.
Some of his pictures have been engraved, but he gained more distinction with the pen than with the brush.
Born in Saluzzo, Italy, Cesare Arbasia's career began in Saluzzo, and moved throughout Rome and Spain.
The frescoes on the vault of San Francesco di Paola ai Monti in Rome are by Onofrio.
His father was the sculptor and wood-carver Filippo Parodi.
He painted an Allegory of Peace in Palazzo Vecchio.
Crucifixion and Saints for Church of Santa Caterina.
Among his patrons were Giovanni Battista Cesalassi and the Jurist Alberettti.
I refuse to paint "sure sellers", such as the cute, the corny, the romantic, the sentimental, the narrative.
Macgregor first learned drawing at the drawing academy in Liverpool run by her grandfather Andrew Hunt.
He was a friend of Paolo Massimo and trained with Marcantonio Bassetti.
He has studied in Europe and Far East Asia.
He has been tentatively identified as Wolfgang Beurer, about whom very little is known.
He was a follower of the Giovanni Bellini, is the author of a signed St. Mark enthroned between SS.
August Gotthold Dietrich Hugo, Baron von Blomberg, a poet and painter, was born at Berlin in 1820.
He was murdered during an altercation in Genoa, some claim by either his master or an elder painter envious of his skill.
Originally an abstract expressionist, Kacere adopted a photorealist style in 1963.
Daniel Smith is an American painter who resides in Bozeman, Montana.
He lives and works in Santa Fe, New Mexico.
She was elected to the Royal Hibernian Academy in 1962.
His work deals with his memories of childhood big trauma, sexuality and desire.
His biography is poorly documented, and mainly depends on the Genoese biographer Raffaele Soprani as a source.
Absolon Stumme was a Late Gothic painter from Northern Germany who worked in Hamburg.
He painted portraits of Grover Cleveland, John LaFarge and Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr..
He won a premium of £100 from the British Institution for a depiction of the 'Battle of Trafalgar', which was subsequently purchased by Lord Northwick.
Friedrich Hagedorn was a German painter who was active in Brazil.
Wells studied art in London under John James Barralet.
Stefano Folchetti was an Italian painter active in the Quattrocento period, mainly in the region of Marche.
He was the pupil of the Bolognese painter Carlo Cignani, then moved to Rome to work under Jacques Courtois.
He is also known as Domenico degli Ambrogi.
He was a disciple of Giovanni Andrea Ansaldo, and painted quadratura.
His 2010 show at Charlie Smith gallery featured portraits of celebrity suicides.
He became a rival and competitor with Sebastiano Ricci.
Through his art, the artist endorses and aids many conservation efforts.
The engraver Niccolo Angeli was also his pupil.
The Belvedere has by him four pictures, landscapes with figures of cattle.
Padre Stefano Cassiani was an Italian painter of the Baroque.
Benjamin Marshall was an English sporting and animal painter.
The church of Santa Maria della Croce in Crema has an altarpiece depicting the Gift of the Miraculous Girdle to St Thomas.
Wilm Dedeke was a late gothic painter from Northern Germany.
Hal Olsen is an American artist living in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
He also painted a St Gregory and a San Carlo Borromeo for the Church of the Santissimi Apostoli of Naples.
Cynthia Kenny is a British painter known for her sketches, watercolours and oil paintings of the skyline, buildings and landscape in and around Wakefield.
He was a member of the International Society from 1913 and in that year he was awarded the gold medal at the Carnegie Institute, Pittsburgh.
He appears to have trained and worked mainly in Bergamo early in the 16th century, but few records exist.
He joined the Accademia e Compagnia delle Arti del Disegno in 1568, and shared workspace in Florence with Federico Zuccari.
He served as a musician in the War of 1812 and was a professor of penmanship.
Little is known about Milly Childers's early life; she began exhibiting her art around 1890.
In 1738 he designed the theatrical funeral monument to Caterina Fieschi Adorno for the church of Santissima Annunziata di Portoria, Genoa.
She worked in animatics, but also produced work for calendars, magazines, and a series of floral collector plates.
1978 – Parrots and Cockatoos.. Fischer Fine Art: London.
He painted in the style of his first teacher, Lorenzo Pasinelli.
In 1537 at Verdace for the church of San Giovanni, he painted a Madonna with Saints Augustine and John the Baptist.
At the age of 19 years, he came to London and apprenticed with Francesco Bartolozzi, an engraver from Florence, then in England.
His uncle, the priest Fabrizio Aldiverti, was an Inquisitor of the Holy Office.
He was active mainly in his native town and Rome, where he arrived during the papacy of Gregory XIII.
He was a pupil of Giulio Romano in his hometown of Mantua.
Such is his picture in San Stefano of 'An Angel presenting the Palms of Martyrdom to the Innocents'.
The Master of Castelsardo was an Italian painter active in Sardinia at the end of the 15th and the beginning of the sixteenth century.
He specialized as a still life and vedute painter.
Antonio Badile was an Italian painter from Verona.
He assisted his father in some of his frescoes, and after his death, finished the fresco of the Assumption of the Virgin.
She prefers bright colors, enjoys painting texture, and blending acrylics.
Born and raised in Altus, Oklahoma; Mario Andres Robinson - at the age of 12 - moved with family to New Jersey.
In addition to sixty plates of etchings, the following views are by him:
Giovanni Agostino Ratti was an Italian painter of the late-Baroque period.
He was the son of painter Berlinghiero Berlinghieri and the brother of Barone and Marco Berlinghieri.
Carl Saltzmann was a German marine and landscape painter, born in Berlin.
A prolific artist throughout his lifetime, Law struggled with ideas surrounding the legitimacy and significance of abstract art.
Giovanni Antonio Cucchi was an Italian painter.
In 1880 at Turin exhibited: Il giorno onomastico; in 1881 at Milan, he exhibited two canvases of game, and another still-life.
Stefano Maria Legnani, also known as "Legnanino", was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly in Milan.
His style recalls the mannerist work of the Campi family: Antonio, Bernardino, and Giulio .
He was part of the second generation of Hudson River School painters.
Giacomo Bargone was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, born and active in Genoa.
Jakob Linckh was a German painter and archaeologist, born in Cannstatt.
Cristoforo Coriolano was a German engraver of the Renaissance.
Vicenzo Gotti was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
He was a pupil of Francesco Albani.
One source claims a birth in 1480 and death in 1546.
Paolo Albertoni was an Italian painter of the late-Baroque period.
He was born in Siena, and executed frescoes in the chapel of San Corporale in the Orvieto Cathedral.
Carlo Ascenzi was an Italian painter, active in a Baroque style.
He first exhibited in a mixed show at the City Art Gallery.
She received her last instructions from Giovanni Gioseffo dal Sole.
For the next ten years he was studying from nature in Italy under Nicolas Poussin, Claude, and Koch, visiting Greece, however, in 1843.
Giovanni Luca Lucci was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active near his native Fabriano in the Region of the Marche.
He was born at Verona, was the nephew and pupil of Paolo Veronese.
He was court painter, and died at Hanover in 1864.
He painted for the church of Corpus Domini in Venice.
He painted historical subjects, and was assisted in his studio by his nephew Giovanni Antonio Recchi.
He was a pupil of the painter Marcantonio Franceschini.
Born in Florence, around 1600 he became a pupil of Andrea Boscoli in Pisa.
Holman’s work is represented in private collections in England, the Netherlands, the United States of America and New Zealand.
He would appear to be moving away from the International Gothic and towards a more Italian-derived style, based especially on work from Altichiero.
He moved later in life in Florence.
He was born in Hinesburg, Vermont and died in Marblehead, Massachusetts.
As a painter, his most important work is the frescoes the church of San Giovanni Evangelista, Reggio Emilia, which are based on Correggio's earlier works.
He painted a San Cristoforo altarpiece for the church of San Vittore al Corpo, Milan .
Camillo Rizzi was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period, active mainly in Ferrara.
Master Hugo was a Romanesque lay and the earliest recorded professional artist in England.
McIlworth was born in Scotland around 1720; his father was the painter Andrew McIlwraith, and his mother Anne was the daughter of portraitist William Mosman.
Born Emma Serena Dillard in Amherst County, Virginia, she married at age nineteen and began painting at age sixty-two.
He is also known as il Brusasorci or Brusasorzi or Felice Brusasorci.
Andrea Giacomo Podesta was an Italian engraver and painter.
Noted works include: “Ancient Cedars at Ankerwycke, Staines”, “Moonlight at Chiavenna” and “The Diligence Halting”.
He helped design the Sanctuary of Montevergine in Messina.
He painted a Purgatory, for the church of the Suffragio, and an altar-piece of several Saints for San Francesco.
Venus and Adonis; signed Nicolaus Pussinus in.
Giovanni Bernardo Carboni was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
His brother Philipp Veit was also a painter.
St. Andrew led to Martyrdom, prostrating himself before the Cross; after Guido.
He has had solo exhibitions in London and Los Angeles.
Between 1882 and 1886 he painted his best-known work, Maximilian I. bei Albrecht Dürer for the Nuremberg town hall.
Examples of the collaboration of Colonna, Alboresi and Canuti can be found at the Palazzo Felicini.
In 1923 and 1924 he went on two trips to Italy.
She beat Julia Cecilia Smith and Julia Bracewell Folkard.
In Rome, he was the pupil of the painter Sebastiano Conca; in 1731, he returned to Messina to paint the Galleria del Senato.
On her return to Dublin she took jobs in singing and acting, and in 1957 opened her first exhibition there.
Phillips is represented by Gagosian Gallery in New York and Galerie Max Hetzler, Berlin | Paris.
Christoph Ludwig Agricola was a German landscape painter.
He was born in Ferrara, and there trained under Dosso Dossi, he was active c. 1520.
In Santa Maria Nuova, he also painted ceiling grotteschi.
In 1512 he went to Augsburg and in 1515 removed to Nordlingen.
He was born at Naples and was an excellent painter of flowers, and therefore called Gasparo dei Fiori.
There are paintings of his in the church and museum of San Francesco in Corciano.
He supplemented his income during these years by selling paintings by Morland that he had acquired during his tenure in the artist's studio.
Andrea Procaccini was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active in Rome as well as in Spain.
Like most artists of that character, his works were the productions of negligence and haste.
He was active both in Venice and the mainland, painting mainly sacred subjects.
Matteo Pacelli was an Italian historical painter.
Da Trento probably first learned wood engraving from Ugo da Carpi.
Arthur Elliot was an English artist who sketched dozens of lively pictures of Montreal, Quebec, Canada, during his visit there from September 1881 to March 1882.
He designed the 60 foot copper frieze for the Northern Ireland American war memorial, which was unveiled by Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother in 1962.
At the top of the composition is a half-length figure of Christ holding a scroll on which are inscribed the Commandments.
He is also known as Giovanni Maria Calderari or as il Calderari.
He left some able productions in the ducal palace, the Meeting of Charles V. and Clement VII.
He was a pupil of the painter Denis Calvaert and Francesco Gessi.
Antonio Maria Viani was an Italian painter and carver of the Renaissance period.
On his journey to Italy in company with J.
The couple had moved to Valhalla, New York by 1920.
Fowler died in New Canaan, Connecticut in 1910.
He was born in Sicily, and became a resident of Rome where he completed his studies.
He was a member of the Tischbein family of artists.
In 1938 they took over the local Upchurch Pottery and renamed it the Roeginga Pottery, producing their own pottery which Grace continued to decorate.
Born to a poor family in Mantua.
Carl Wilhelm Hugo Schnars-Alquist was a German art collector and painter of maritime scenes.
Anna Maria Mengs, or Ana Carmona, was a German artist.
Fortunato Pasquetti was an Italian painter of the Rococo period.
He also frescoed the Chapel of San Giuseppe in this church.
In 2008 he co-founded Mut-Architecture with Eleonore Morand after meeting at Acconci Studio in Broolkyn, NY.
Girolamo Tessari, also called Gerolamo or Girolamo dal Santo, was an Italian painter, active in a Renaissance style in his native city of Padua.
He specialized in the representation of the German forest.
de Ferrari was a pupil of Giovanni Andrea Ansaldo.
His talent developed, however under the influence of Cornelius, who employed him on the frescoes in the Glyptothek and in the Königsbau.
He was interned by the occupation authorities in 1940, but he escaped to Switzerland.
Ioseph Anchieta Soc Iesv in Biblioteca Nacional do Brasil
Giovanni Bizzelli was an Italian painter of the late-Mannerist period.
Nadorp was quite fast in the group of German artists, called the "Nazarenes".
"The Sinner at the Church Door", National Gallery, Berlin
He is supposed to have visited Rome, and thought to be identical with a painter who was there known as Vetriario.
Decio Termisani was an Italian painter of the late-Renaissance.
Assemblywoman Frances K. Marlatt was his daughter.
In 1944, the number of war artists working under him numbered 80.
His poetry was published in magazines such as "Ambit" and "Poetry Review".
Taylor's work has been displayed in the Smithsonian and in other important galleries across the United States.
He initially apprenticed with Vincenzo Malò, a Flemish artist who had studied with Teniers the Elder and Rubens.
Michael received a classical education, and was instructed in the rudiments of painting by Mitterer, and in 1813 entered the Academy at Munich.
A long-time Washington, DC resident, Shi was born in El Salvador to Chinese parents.
Nolan is a visiting lecturer at City & Guilds of London Art School.
After his death in 1437 his workshop passed to his pupil Mariano d’ Antonio.
He married in Rome, with the sister of Perruchi, the personal secretary for Marchese Costaguti.
In 1947, she travelled to Italy to study art, enrolling in Accademia di Belle Arti, where she met Alberto Burri, her partner for a few years.
His name was written beneath a fresco of The Virgin adoring the Infant on the Piazza San Gregorio at Spoleto, and bears the date of 1502.
Hilda Ward American Expressionist painter and author.
Laudadio Rambaldo was an Italian painter active in Ferrara, also known as Rambaldo di Ferrara.
Franco Bolognese was the founder of a school of painters at Bologna, and instructed, amongst others, Vitale da Bologna, Lorenzo, Simone Jacopo, and Cristoforo da Bologna.
He attended schools in Yorkshire and Scotland, including Fettes College.
In 1830 Neureuther visited Paris, where his illustrations of the scenes of the July revolution appeared under the title "Suvenir du 27, 28, 29 juillet".
The brothers painted in the Convent of Gesu e Maria in Genoa, and in the church of Santa Caterina.
Carlo Carpioni, his son, was also a painter.
Aloisi had two sons, Vito Andrea and Gioseffe Carlo, both painters.
He was active in his native Genoa, then Rome, and finally for the longest period in Venice.
He painted a 'Madonna and Child in Glory with attendant Saints' for the church of San Sebastian at Sassuolo.
In the Milan Pinacoteca there is a small Trinity by Cesare.
Norman Stansfield Cornish is undoubtedly the most celebrated mining artist and one of the most sought-after contemporary painters in the country.
He was likely related to the painter Francesco Malpiedi.
Pietro Ciafferi or Ciaffero, called Lo Smargiasso, was born at Pisa about 1600, and flourished, according to Lanzi, till at least the year 1654.
At about age 50, Thompson retired from itinerant painting to reside year-round on his Middleborough farm.
He was engaged in painting mainly altarpieces and for churches in Naples from 1574-1606.
; Christ curing the sick after Farinait; The Crucifixion after Giulio Somalio; Venus and Cupid after Titian; and Specchio della Vite Humana.
Marcello Venusti was an Italian Mannerist painter active in Rome in the mid-16th century.
He currently lives in the village of Holmfirth near Huddersfield.
He painted both interior and exterior scenes; the interior scenes were often candle-lit.
Born in Bologna, she was the wife of the painter Domenico Maria Muratori.
Ippolito Costa was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period.
In 1883, the Old Masters Picture Gallery in Dresden was presented with Memento Mori, one of Wilberg's motifs of the Sabini Mountains in Italy.
He received medals at various exhibitions at Paris, Berlin, Munich, Vienna, and Nantes.
According to the 1860 United States Census, he was an artist working in Cincinnati, Ohio.
There, he became attached to the household of the Marchese Gabrieli.
He was born at Udine, and flourished in the second half of the 16th century.
It was here that Wilberg made a series of sketches of the Acropolis which he later utilised for paintings.
He was active in Perugia and Gubbio.
During the summer of 2006 he was an assistant to the Norwegian figurative painter, Odd Nerdrum.
Emilio Taruffi was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
In 1921 he became a members of Los Cinco Pintores, and showed throughout Santa Fe and the rest of the country as a group.
He was a pupil of Benedetto Nucci.
Marco Marchetti was an Italian painter of the late-Renaissance or Mannerist period.
Henry Van Ingen, professor of art at Vassar from 1865 to 1898, was Koelman's brother-in-law [1].
Giovanni Battista Bolognini was an Italian painter and engraver of the Baroque.
Ercole Bazzicaluva or was an Italian engraver of the Baroque period.
Other paintings associated with the Master show the influence of Lombard art, especially with a cycle in Como depicting the story of Saints Fausta and Liberata.
Jim Hautman is an American painter, residing in Minnesota.
Margaretta Angelica Peale is buried in Gloria Dei Church Burial Ground, Philadelphia, PA.
He was born at Cava de' Tirreni in the kingdom of Naples.
Bertelli is known to have been active from around 1564 to around 1589.
Gavin Nolan is a contemporary Welsh artist.
Born to a Mantuan gentleman, he was the father of a family of Cremonese painters.
He also painted portraits in the same severe style, as well as geometrical landscapes.
Later works, often executed in a thick impasto, are abstract compositions with complicated and carefully worked surfaces.
During the early eighties he executed a group of small portrait paintings & drawings.
He is last recorded in Montreal in 1767, and is believed to have died around 1769, still in Canada.
He has completed commissioned portraits of Queen Elizabeth II, and the Queen Mother, Princess Margaret, Princes Philip, Charles, and Andrew.
He traveled throughout New England painting coastal scenes and landscapes.
He painted a self-portrait which is in the picture gallery of the Museo Civico at Casale.
He was first instructed by J.J. Bidermann at
He also painted altarpieces for the churches at Bologna, Padua, and San Lorenzo, Padua.
Giovanni Francesco Guerrieri was an Italian painter and Caravaggisto.
He specialised on animal, genre, landscape and battle paintings.
He was also a poet and writer about art critic.
After further study with the Art Student League, circa 1892 he became an impressionist landscape painter.
In the year before he went on a trip to Pergamon with the director of the Berlin Collection of Classical Antiquities.
Sumner was involved in a dialogue with artist Shane Guffogg and others in the non-profit space, Pharmaka in Downtown Los Angeles.
From 1974 to 2005, he was a professor at the Berlin University of the Arts.
Francesco Paglia was an Italian painter of the late-Baroque period, mainly active in Brescia.
He was the son of the famous Genoese sculptor, Filippo Parodi and the older brother of the Baroque painter Giovanni Battista Parodi
from California State University, Fullerton and an M.F.A.
He was particularly well known for two paintings of Crawford Notch in the White Mountains which were produced in 1890.
He was a pupil of the painter Marcantonio Franceschini.
Ulrich Apt the Elder, was a German Late-Gothic painter.
He exhibited at the Free Society of Artists from 1773 to 1779.
Cornelius Grover Hicks was an American painter.
De Caro was also influenced by Spanish Bodegones and Flemish painters, including Frans Snyders, David de Coninck, Jan Fyt and the Neapolitan resident Abraham Brueghel.
Paolo Caylina the Younger was a 16th-century Italian painter active mainly in Brescia in a Renaissance style.
Bold outlines and warm colors characterize his dominate style in painting.
Crestano Menarola was an Italian print-maker and painter of the Baroque period.
Others claim he was a pupil of Angelo Gori.
He was born in Comacchio, and likely trained as well as active in Ferrara.
Alan Lowndes died in Gloucestershire in 1978.
William Beattie-Brown was a Scottish landscape painter.
Tobias Querfurt, also Tobias Querfurt the Elder, was a German painter, draughtsman, and engraver.
He also painted in Naples and Venice, then returned to Genoa.
Returning to Friuli in 1520–21, he came to reflect the painterly style of Il Pordenone.
He painted a St. Francis with Three female saints for the church of San Gerolamo in Quarto.
He was born at Dresden and studied at the Dresden Academy under Bendemann.
His work is known for its simplicity, boldness and mastery of brushwork.
He was the nephew of Jacopo Ligozzi.
He was one of the founders of the Roman Künstlerbund and the German Artists' Union.
After an apprenticeship with Domenico Maria Canuti, he went to work under Lorenzo Pasinelli with fellow student, Giovanni Gioseffo dal Sole.
Ottavio Semini was an Italian painter of the late-Renaissance.
He painted Scenes from the life of Christ for the church of Santa Maria della Neve, including a Christ Condemned.
He is associated with the Stuttgart Academy.
In 2003, he was awarded an MFA in Visual Arts from Columbia University.
He apparently wrote a series of biographies of Neapolitan painters.
Luca Vitelli was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, born and active in Rome and Ascoli Piceno.
He appears to have trained with Giovanni Battista Trotti.
John Ritto Penniman was a painter in Boston, Massachusetts, United States.
In works prior to 1961, his signature is "Paul Henrie" or "Blaine".
He painted the portrait of Galileo now in the Louvre.
Benedetto Bandiera was an Italian painter of the early-Baroque period.
Kardin was born in Vienna to Leopold Maria and Margit Indrak.
On 1 November 1865 Mützel married Anna Schönherr in Berlin and raised three children; Hans, Walter and Gertrud.
Carl Grossberg, originally Georg Carl Wilhelm Grandmontagne was a German painter associated with the New Objectivity movement; best-known for his urban and industrial scenes.
He worked painting frescoes in the Tridentine region, including Castel Buonconsiglio, Castello Malpaga, Villa Salvotti, and Palazzo Sardagna.
He has taught at the University of Colorado at Boulder, the Heights School in Washington and privately.
He also executed a Madonna after Raphael for the Christina, Queen of Sweden.
John Appleton Brown was an American painter, born in Newburyport, Mass.
He had also paintings made for Milan and Reggio-Emilia.
He is the only noted artist who doesn’t smoke, that I ever heard of.
On one occasion, he printed off a series of buttons with the slogan, "Save the Crow".
Leonardo Antonio Olivieri or Oliviero was an Italian painter of the late-Baroque.
Nicholas and John the Baptist' in the Oratorio dei Nerli at Montemurlo.
Franz Quaglio was a German painter from a branch of the Quaglio painting family that had settled in Munich during the 18th Century.
The Imhoff Altar, by contrast, represents a marked shift towards a firmer and sparer manner, coupled with the use of stronger colors.
He taught theories of color to understand interdependence and interaction of color and form, color and quantity, color and placement, and after-image.
She excelled in painting portraits of women.
Following that he began studying at the Academy of Fine Arts in Rome.
In the 1540s, he was involved with the creation of the Fechtbucher commissioned by Paulus Hector Mair.
One of his students was the German-Brazilian painter Wilhelm Techmeier.
Gregan attended the Rhode Island School of Design and taught there after graduating.
He also painted for the sacristy of Sant'Agnese in Agone.
he travelled through Lombardy and was patronized by Duke Alfonso III in Modena.
He is best known for his frescoes.
Giulio Cromer or Croma or Cremer was a German-Italian painter of the Mannerist period, active for many years in Ferrara, Italy.
Pietro Policastrelli was an Italian painter, mainly of landscapes.
He was a pupil of Giuseppe Maria Crespi.
Reinhard Sebastian Zimmermann was a German artist who studied at the Munich Academy under Julius Schnorr, Heinrich Maria von Hess and Clemens von Zimmermann.
Richard Barrett Davis was an animal and landscape painter.
He was primarily self-taught as a painter, but did study at the Dresden Academy of Fine Arts and the Academy of Fine Arts Munich.
A dynamic painter, Strickland was accomplished in both oil and pastel and painted numerous still live and figure images.
Born in Naples, Giulio died in Ferrara or Rome, where he painted for the last twenty years of his life.
Julie von Egloffstein, countess, canoness of Hildesheim, was a German artist, encouraged in her work by Goethe.
Marx Weiß the Younger was a late Gothic German painter.
Laura Marie Greenwood was an American painter of portraits and still lifes.
He painted a Decollation of St. John for the church of San Donato at Cremona.
Martens studied with August Weber in Düsseldorf and Émile Lambinet in Paris.
He was born in Fontignano, a small town near Lake Trasimeno in Perugia.
William Anthony is an American painter and illustrator born in Fort Monmouth, New Jersey in 1934.
Those in chiaroscuro are dated from 1619 to 1625.
The Basilica of St Denis contains a trompe-l'œil painting done by Baronni around 1709.
Veronese’s principal assistants were his younger brother Benedetto Caliari and his two sons Carlo or Carletto Caliari and Gabriele Caliari.
Ludwig von Hofmann was a German painter, graphic artist and designer.
Antonia Bertucci-Pinelli was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
Angelo Massarotti was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active in his native Cremona.
Carboni was born in Marcianise in Campania, and moved to Rome where he worked under and learned from the Flemish Paul Bril.
Baccio Lomi was an Italian painter of the late-Renaissance period, active mainly in town of Pisa, in the region of Tuscany of Italy.
His son, Simio, painted quadratura and died in 1641.
Isabella executed several cuts of plants for an herbal, published under the direction of Federico Cesi, of Acquasparta.
In November 1907 the Queen again purchased from him two large watercolours.
The Master of the Ortenberg Altarpiece was an anonymous German painter, active in Mainz during the first third of the fifteenth century.
Allan Linder is an American artist living in New York.
In 1650-51, he traveled to Rome to work with Giovanni Ghisolfi, and collaborated with him at the Sacro Monte of Varese.
An oil painter, with a surrealist style somewhat comparable to that of Salvador Dalí, his works are mainly scenes and landscapes, often with apocalyptic overtones.
His brother, Pier Paolo Crescenzi, was a cardinal.
In the mid-1980s she established the Cynthia Kenny Handwriting Competition to inspire calligraphic skills in school children.
He was Vice President of the Cincinnati Art Club and was listed in the city directory for more than 20 years.
Peter Ludwig Friedrich Baudri; died 6 October 1874 in Köln) was a German painter and member of Reichstag.
John Martinez is an American artist who created series of paintings of the September 11 attacks.
Francesco Burani was an Italian designer and engraver of the Baroque period.
On his return to Ferrara he painted for churches and convents.
In 1803 he traveled to Paris and on the way home died unexpectedly in 1804.
He should not be confused with the 16th century Count Michelangelo Spada of Terni who was chamberlain of Pope Julius III.
His son, Pietro Castelllucci painted in his style.
Portrait of a general, on display at the Fine Arts museum in Rouens
Giovanni Cianfanini was an Italian painter of the Renaissance, active in Florence.
Missal has co-authored books on illustration and character design with Kevin Hedgpeth, also from the Art Institute.
Michael Bryan erroneously calls him Teresa Maria.
He also painted Veduta dell'Isola di Capri.
Rosa's son, Pietro, became a pupil of Titian.
On May 17, 1997, Watson had a 50-year retrospective show at the Weinstein Gallery in San Francisco, California.
Known for his wildlife art portraits, he has also painted landscapes, still life, World War II aircraft along with emotional Green Bay Packer fan themes.
He painted an Adoration by the shepherds originally in the church of the confraternity of Santa Maria dell'Angelo, but now in the pinacoteca of Faenza.
He worked as a vase painter at Royal Doulton in 1922 as he established his career as a society painter.
Tommaso Luini was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly in Rome during 1620-1644.
Felice Damiani or Felice da Gubbio was an Italian painter of the late-Renaissance or Mannerism period.
Christian Gottlieb Schick was a German Neoclassical painter.
Robert Farrier was an English artist best known for his painter.
Higgins moved to Taos, New Mexico in 1913 and joined the Taos Society of Artists in 1917.
Ron Griffin born 1954/05/27 in Pomona, California is an American artist based in Venice, Los Angeles.
Francesco Morandini was an Italian painter active in Florence, working in a Mannerist style.
Kristiaan Reuder or Christian Reder was a German painter who travelled to Rome.
Giulio Carpioni was an Italian painter and etcher of the early Baroque era.
Most probably he belonged to the extended Ulm artist family of the Acker, many of them members of the so-called "Ulmer Schule".
In Italy he was known as Teodoro d'Errico or Dirk Hendrici.
He received his Bachelor of Fine Arts degree from the San Francisco Art Institute and his Master of Fine Arts from the University of New Mexico.
Sebald Bopp was a German painter active around Bamberg.
He was born in Princeton, Mass., and at first worked as a goldsmith, also practicing engraving.
He is also known as Giovannino del Pio or Giovanni Bonatti.
He died in his native town in 1863.
Julius Leopold Bernhard Exter was a German painter and sculptor.
Fabio Cristofari was an Italian Baroque painter and mosaicist active in Rome.
He visited Rome, for the purpose of study, when quite young, during the papacy of Gregory XIII.
His work is in the Brooklyn Museum and Albright-Knox Art Gallery.
Fryer was sergeant-painter to Queen Elizabeth, received in 1598 the office of sergeant-painter for life.
Virgin with infant Jesus standing on her knee, stretching out His arm to St. Joseph; half-length The Holy Family, with St. John holding a cross
Westphal's work emphasizes humans and nature, and the biographical component plays a large role.
Paul Grimm was an artist born to German parents in South Africa in 1891.
Some of his work is preserved in the State Archives in Siena.
Claudio Ridolfi was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period.
He is sometimes referred to as Orazio di Domenico or di Paris Alfani.
He was the son of Giulio Carpioni.
He left behind an abundance of drawings on topics from both historical and religious subjects to acute daily observations.
Niccolò Musso was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
In this way she met young Keller, and Guineveer, her romance.
He appears to be a follower of Simone Martini.
He was invited to remain at the court, but declined.
Francesco Vaccaro or Vicaro was an Italian painter and engraver of the Baroque period, who trained in his native Bologna under Francesco Albani.
Arnold's work contains a combination of realistic and surrealist elements.
He died in 2014 at Altea, Alicante, Spain.
Frank Webb is an American watercolor painter from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Andrea Seghizzi was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly in Bologna.
Between 1910 and 1920, he reportedly went to South America for a few years before returning stateside and settling in southern California.
In 1911 he spent a summer in Normandy and Brittany, where he was introduced to the art of Paul Cézanne.
He was probably a relation of Ferrando Bertelli.
He became capable of earning enough money to support his mother.
He assisted Cortona in Rome, and completed some of his paintings after Cortona’s death.
He was the cousin of the painter Titian.
He was a pupil of Matteo Rosselli and Giovanni Bilivert in Florence.
He died at his home in Chesterfield, Virginia on January 8, 2006.
Register's work was also featured in the movie In Her Shoes.
Gaetano Fanti was an Italian fresco painter born in Bologna.
He is also called Porteolli or Carlo di Galeotto Partelli da Loro Born in Loro in the Valdarno.
He spent a large portion of his life on the island of Sark and many of his images are of the Channel Islands.
He finally took to landscape painting, which he practised with some success.
He emerged from a poor family, and was apprenticed with Luciano Borzone.
Boschini actually earned the most of his income as an art seller, working as an agent for cardinal Leopoldo de' Medici.
This was followed by a book of emblems called "Proposals" and, in 2014, a collage book of poetry, visual images and prose quotations called "SPUTTOR".
He received a good common school education, graduating at the High School of Vassar, Michigan.
Among his pupils were Giovanni Battista Marmi and Antonio Domenico Gabbiani.
Jacques Callot was reputed to be a pupil of Cantagallina, before the former moved to Rome to work with Antonio Tempesta.
He has painted more than 600 commissioned portraits.
He was a pupil of Pellegrino, and is thought to have married his daughter Aurelia.
Clinton S. Ford Sr. was a 20th-century American painter, born in Richmond, Virginia in 1923.
In 1722, he joined the Jesuit Order as a lay brother and painted several churches for the order.
After some time, he moved to Naples, where he became a prolific painter.
He also painted scenes from the life of St. Catherine for the church of Città di Castello.
Angela Dufresne is a Brooklyn based American artist known for paintings that explore narrative in a variety of ways.
Daniele Crespi was an Italian painter and draughtsman.
Alexander was the greatgrandson of the painter and architect Januarius Zick, the son of Fresco artist Johannes Zick.
Andrea Commodi was an Italian painter of the early-Baroque period.
Antonio Beduschi was an Italian painter active in the early-Baroque period, mainly in his hometown of Cremona.
In his work he shows a preference for nocturnal effects which reveals the influence of Caravaggio and his followers, the so-called Caravaggisti.
He was son of Orazio Gentileschi, but upon the death of his father, he entered the studio of the Genoese painter Domenico Fiasella.
Girolamo Porro was an Italian engraver on wood and on copper.
Michelangelo Cinganelli, also known as Michele Cinganelli was an Italian painter.
Absolon Stumme married into the Bornemann family of artists, becoming the second stepfather of Hinrik Bornemann, who died the same year as he did.
She became Abraham Rattner's second wife in 1949.
Baargeld was born in Stettin, Prussian Pomerania.
The band's fifth studio album, Octahedron, features Jordan's artwork on the front and back covers as well as throughout the LP packaging.
Dono Doni, also known as Adone Doni or Dono dei Doni was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period active mainly in Umbria.
In 1764 he was elected a member of the Academy at Berlin, in which city he died in 1782.
Her work was exhibited at the 500x Gallery Dallas, Texas in 2010, and the Chalet Invitational Glasgow the same year.
He was a member of the board of directors of the Art Association for several years.
He studied at the School of American Sculpture, and at the Art Students League of New York in 1925.
He participated in the Vasari-directed decoration of the Studiolo of Francesco I with an oval canvas relating a Goldsmith Shop story.
While he was a student at the University of North Texas, Bramblitt was featured on Bob Phillips' syndicated television anthology series, Texas Country Reporter.
In 1632-33, he was in France and painted a fresco the rooms of Fléchères castle.
His brother Ignazio Danti was an Italian priest, mathematician, astronomer, and cosmographer.
His pictures usually represent the most remarkable views in Venice.
He died at Berlin in 1815, while holding the posts of court painter and director of the Academy.
Giovanni Battista Brughi was an Italian painter and mosaic artist of the late-Baroque period.
He was the son of a generally unknown artist, Matteo Lama.
Born in Messina, and thus known also as il Messinese.
His paintings have been exhibited across the USA and in Europe including the Las Vegas Art Museum, Yeshiva University Museum and the Arnot Art Museum.
Spurius Tadius, also Ludius or Studius, was a Roman muralist of the Augustan period.
He traveled and painted extensively through Italy.
Amy Cohen Banker is an internationally exhibited American abstract painter.
His work is influenced by his Latin American upbringing, his Chinese heritage, and his formal education in the United States.
Antonio Bruno was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period.
Their mythical qualities stem from childhood legacies.
He was a pupil of Luca Giordano in Naples, and went to Spain, where he was called Lirios.
The Four Seasons, representing four Epochs of German History.
Emily Grace Barnsley, known as Grace Barnsley or by her married name, Grace Davies, was an English pottery decorator.
Tommaso Realfonso was an Italian painter of the 18th century, specializing studies of still-life paintings of flower and fruit pieces.
In the church of the Conventuali, in his native place, there is a fine picture of St. Francis receiving the Stigmata.
He worked successively for the Emperors Leopold I and Joseph I, and was invited to Madrid by Philip V, who appointed him his principal architect.
As an artist he primarily painted religious-themed paintings for church commissions.
She is the mother of Dr. Allen Leepa.
He went to Italy when he was young, and became one of the ablest pupils of Giacomo Borgognone.
He was born in Milan, and became a pupil of Cesare Bernazano.
He was commissioned by Taddeo Barberini to paint a Transfiguration now found in the church of the Cappuccini of Rome.
Bombelli was born in Udine, where he was apprenticed to his father, Valentino Bombelli, and his godfather, Girolamo Lugaro.
According to Vasari, Tosini headed a large workshop that executed numerous altarpieces and paintings.
She married the painter Giovanni Antonio di Amato the younger.
On his return to Italy he worked in Prato, Florence, and Empoli.
He then moved to Bologna where he worked under Carlo Cignani, then became a pupil under Giovanni Giuseppe dal Sole.
Tagliasacchi was born at Borgo San Donnino.
it is not clear that Giovanni Maria is related to the 16th century painter Ulisse Ciocchi.
Note: Nicholas Lanier was a contemporary English court composer and musician.
He was born in Bologna, and trained under Parmigianino.
He was a pupil of Niccolo Bambini and Sebastiano Ricci.
But it is known that Jakob Acker d. J. had produced doors with paintings for the main organ of the Ulm cathedral.
Raised in Barnsley, South Yorkshire he opened his first gallery in 1963.
Francesco Lorenzi was an Italian painter of the late Baroque period.
He also painted along with Giorgio Vasari a series of frescoes in the Palazzo Vecchio representing the Life of Hercules.
Like the later Gaetano Zompini, he made a series of engravings of types of merchants of his time.
Among his colleagues were Anton Domenico Gabbiani and Francesco Conti.
She works in layers of monochromatic colors.
He also painted in the Sala del Consiglio of the Palazzo della Loggia.
Martino da Verona, also Marco del Buono Giamberti, was an Italian painter.
A style of depiction which would be also used in the next century by Alessandro Longhi.
His brothers Joe Hautman and Jim Hautman are also wildlife artists.
Like Renoir and Degas he loved to paint using live models and was highly skilled in painting both men and women.
Born in Sorrento, he was a pupil of the painter Cristoforo Roncalli and worked in Rome.
Revello gained his nickname due to his unusual habit of painting moustaches on his works.
Knight was elected a full member of the Royal Academy in 1937, and died in 1961 in Colwall, Herefordshire.
Christian Berentz was a German Baroque painter.
Francesco Ruviali was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period.
Giovanni Francesco Cassana was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly in Genoa.
Returning to Genoa, his father found his style ponderous.
Erich Correns was a German portrait painter and lithographer.
Because the painting had passed through the hands of several intermediaries before being sold to the museum, Goller was not prosecuted.
In 1912, partially paralyzed, he lost command of one hand.
Blatherwick died in London, but was buried in the church graveyard in Tresham in 1934.
Brian T. Kershisnik is an American painter.
His nickname derives form the splashed on technique.
Luca Rosetti was an Italian painter and architect of the 18th century, active in the region of the Piedmont.
She has had nineteen solo exhibitions including a retrospective at the Bankside Gallery, London in 2002.
In 2015, Rocca's work was displayed in New York City at Matthew Marks Gallery, her first New York show in over 20 years.
There was a younger Jonas Umbach, but there are no particulars respecting him, except that he drew portraits.
Ghissi also painted the St. John alterpiece, made up of nine different paintings.
He has long since been almost entirely forgotten.
He was chiefly known as a painter, from his landscape and architectural views.
Primaticcio was also Bolognese, and may well have summoned Fantuzzi to France in 1537, although he may well have only completed his training in France.
Late in life he traveled to Perugia and then Naples, but died in Rome.
Messer's animation titled Denis the Pirate will be featured in a Matrix Gallery exhibit in the Fall of 2017 at the Wadsworth Atheneum in Hartford, Connecticut.
Buchel painted several portraits of Tree, and also designed theatrical programmes and advertising posters, programmes for the theatre.
Ruskin Spear, CBE, RA was an English painter.
On 9 November 1592, he was sentenced to death, for consorting with bandits, and fled to Naples.
While Bill Frist was the Senate Majority Leader, a lithograph of a Greene painting hung in his office.
Christoph(er) Paudiß was a Bavarian Baroque painter and a student of Rembrandt van Rijn.
His death is believed to have occurred at Udine soon afterwards.
John William Melville was a self-taught British Surrealist painter.
Niccolò Appiani, a Milanese painter, who flourished about the year 1510.
There, a son and a daughter were born.
He was born in Castel Durante, now called Urbania in the region of the Marche, and left many paintings in the churches there.
His awards include the Charles Noel Flagg prize at the Connecticut Academy of Fine Arts.
He was elected an Associate of the Royal Scottish Academy in 1862.
Dario Varotari the Younger was also an artist, and his grandson by the well known Paduan painter Alessandro Varotari.
Lala, from Cyzicus, was a painter and sculptor of antiquity.
The most faithful imitator of his style is a younger contemporary Bergamese, Bartolomeo Bettera.
In 1592, he painted for the church of San Benedetto in Genoa .
In the Berlin Gallery is a State Entry painted by him.
Pietro Negroni was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period, active mainly in Naples.
He died after a fall from scaffolding while working on a ceiling fresco in Nola in 1714.
He is buried in the church of Santa Maria presso San Satiro in Milan.
The Rathhaus also possesses a painting of the 'Calumny of Apelles,' by him.
He is last recorded at Fontainebleau in 1550.
A son of Giacomo, Ludovico was both a musician and painter.
In the church of San Matteo in Merulana in Rome, he painted an Annunciation.
He was born in Asti in the Piedmont.
On this trip he also drew a plan of the ancient theatre at Eretria.
He painted a Conspiracy of Catiline for the Gallery at Florence.
Edith Martineau was a British watercolour painter.
He also painted under the name Vincenzio Zerbi.
Clive Wilkins is a figurative painter from the United Kingdom.
Antonio Richieri was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
Girolamo Mattioli was an Italian painter and engraver of the late-Baroque period, active in Bologna.
Philipp Friedrich von Hetsch was a German Classical painter, known primarily for his portraits, although he also created historical and mythological scenes.
He now still paints and lives with his wife and son.
He accompanied Parodi to Venice and Padua.
He joined the Accademia di San Luca in 1605.
Among his paintings was a Gathering of the Manna in San Niccolo; and an Annunciation for Sant Antonio Abbate in Ferrara.
Opting out of a career in law, Isham turned to art, studying in Paris at the Académie Julian.
The work was carried out by the Jesuit artists, among them Sichelbart.
Da Voltri’s later paintings show clear influence of the Pisan painters working in Liguria between 1410 and 1420.
Benedetto Zallone, or also called Zalone da Cento, was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
He had two sons, Domenico and Giovanni Maria Quaglio.
He was influenced by both Il Pordenone and later Titian.
Madonna and Child with the Infant St John
