He turned 100 on December 9, 2016.
After writing the World War II horror film Below, Aronofsky began production on his third film, the romantic fantasy sci-fi drama The Fountain.
In 1966, he deeded Calico to San Bernardino County, California.
Sir Peter Neville Luard Pears, CBE was an English tenor.
It was the first Jerky Boys release since 2001.
By the 1940s, Tracy was one of the studio's top stars.
Neil Patrick Jordan is an Irish film director, screenwriter, novelist and short-story writer.
Honored for his work as a member of the Basketball Hall of Fame, he is commonly referred to as "the voice of basketball".
Emily, with her husband Thomas Davenport, invented an electric motor and electric locomotive circa 1834.
A native of Nashville, Tennessee, Page lived in California in her early adult years before moving to New York City to pursue work as an actress.
His journeys included trips to North Africa, the Horn of Africa, West Africa, the Middle East, India, Central Asia, Southeast Asia, and China.
Boudica then either killed herself to avoid capture, or died of illness.
He built an observatory at Benátky nad Jizerou.
First success came with the S-2, the second fixedwing plane of his design and construction.
Lara Flynn Boyle is an American actress.
He is one of the most prolific character actors in film history, having completed approximately 170 films since 1967.
Jimmy Lee Swaggart is an American evangelist, Christian music singer, pianist, pastor, and author.
F. Murray Abraham is an American actor.
He is known for directing the Japanese portion of the Hollywood film Tora!
Mencken was a supporter of scientific progress, skeptical of economic theories and critical of osteopathic and chiropractic medicine.
Roddenberry and she were married in Japan on August 6, 1969, after the cancellation of the original Star Trek series.
As a film director and actor, he made more than forty films from the silent era to the end of the 1960s.
The album, released in 2010, was certified gold by the RIAA, despite a generally negative critical response.
He documented the course of World War II in London, North Africa, Italy, and the liberation of Paris.
His actual appointment as secretary dates from September 1625.
Arnold was an early supporter of the Broad Church Anglican movement.
Noted for drawing out the best dramatic performances from his actors, he directed 21 actors to Oscar nominations, resulting in nine wins.
Yassini has been a director of Visteon since January 2015.
Traherne's writings frequently explore the glory of creation and what he perceived as his intimate relationship with God.
As described in his memoirs, Radosh was, like his parents, a member of the Communist Party of the United States of America until the Khrushchev thaw.
He has been involved in charitable work, including the ONE Campaign, H2O Africa Foundation, Feeding America, and Water.org.
Known as Juliette, Louvet was the daughter of Jacques Henri Louvet and his first wife, Joséphine Elmire Piedefer.
However, years went by and he slipped into poverty and extreme old age.
Their exploits captured the attention of the American public during the "Public Enemy Era," between 1931 and 1935.
In 2016, Reubens helped write and star in the Netflix original movie, Pee-wee's Big Holiday reprising his role as Pee-wee Herman.
They are currently writing a book about the Presidency of Warren G. Harding, to be published by Simon & Schuster.
He died on November 23, 2012 from complications of acute myeloid leukemia.
Francine Joy "Fran" Drescher is an American actress and activist.
After establishing a new base in Afghanistan, he declared a war against the United States, initiating a series of bombings and related attacks.
Norwood starred in the UPN sitcom Moesha as the title character, which lasted six seasons and resulted in numerous other roles.
Gwen Renée Stefani is an American singer, songwriter, fashion designer, actress, and television personality.
Too independent to accept any regular post, he lived alternately at Halle and on his property at Sellerhausen in Leipzig.
He met director K.Balachander who is frequently credited for shaping Kamal's acting skills.
Newton started his career at sea at a young age, and worked on slave ships in the slave trade for several years.
Flemyng speaks French fluently, and has made three films in that language.
She is best known for her long-running role as Lisa Simpson on the animated television series The Simpsons.
During the 1970s and 1980s, Rustin served on many humanitarian missions, such as aiding refugees from Communist Vietnam and Cambodia.
In January 2015, two former Chilean intelligence officials were sentenced in the murders of Charles Horman and Frank Teruggi.
Steve Nallon is a British actor, writer, voice artist and impressionist.
In early 2009, Jagger joined the electric supergroup SuperHeavy.
The latter's soundtrack became the best-selling gospel album in history.
He is most famous as the author of the first draft of the Universal Declaration on Human Rights.
He now works for Google as Staff Engineer and is part of the Go programming language team.
After a period of travel in Africa and the Middle East, which included completing the Hajj, he also became known as el-Hajj Malik el-Shabazz.
Following a stage acting career he rose to popularity in the television series Remington Steele, which blended the genres of romantic comedy, drama, and detective procedural.
The duo also won the Palme d'Or for Barton Fink and were nominated for Fargo.
He is a linguist, educational researcher, and political activist.
A Canadian commission publicly cleared Arar of any links to terrorism, and the government of Canada later settled out of court with Arar.
Émile Gallé was a French artist who worked in glass, and is considered to be one of the major forces in the French Art Nouveau movement.
In 2014, he lampooned his public image through a series of advertisements for Amazon Fire TV.
However, he made controversial actions during his ownership, which included the firing of Paul Brown, the franchise's first coach and namesake.
Gardner continued to act regularly until 1986, four years before her death in London in 1990 at the age of 67.
He established the mode of dress for men that rejected overly ornate fashions for one of understated, but perfectly fitted and tailored bespoke garments.
In 1942, Farmer co-founded the Committee of Racial Equality in Chicago with George Houser and Bernice Fisher.
In 2002, Howard narrated the Fox comedy series, Arrested Development, on which he would also serve as producer and play a semi-fictionalized version of himself.
He now serves as a Special Correspondent for NBC News and works on documentaries for other outlets.
Aged 14, Schnarre won the Ford Models "Supermodel of the World" contest in 1986, the youngest model to ever win.
She has also protested the Iraq War and violence against women, and describes herself as a feminist.
Miller re-launched No Limit Records as New No Limit Records.
He returned to Canada briefly between 1907-1909, spending some of the time interviewing former participants of the Rebellion and addressing labour/socialist meetings.
He is president of Answers in Genesis, a Creationist apologetics organization that operates the Creation Museum and the Ark Encounter.
Boudica has remained an important cultural symbol in the United Kingdom.
He wore the number 7 shirt at Manchester United with his trademark upturned collar.
In the 1930s, she was starring steadily both in the West End and on Broadway.
Mbeki was not present to receive the award, because he was serving a life imprisonment sentence on Robben Island.
He also narrates the HBO series 24/7, as well as various PBS programs.
His PhD thesis was Phenomenology and Difference: the Body, Architecture and Race.
Zawinski is currently the proprietor of the DNA Lounge, a nightclub in San Francisco.
One month after her release from jail, Letourneau was caught by police in a car with Fualaau.
He also discovered mutual inductance independently of Michael Faraday,, though Faraday was the first to make the discovery and publish his results.
Władysław Szpilman was a Polish pianist and classical composer of Jewish descent.
From 1999 to 2010, Hamasaki had at least one single each year topping the charts.
In those two films, he starred and collaborated with the then relatively unknown director, Stanley Kubrick.
The two would go on to appear in other films together, often playing similar characters.
David Boies is an American lawyer and chairman of the law firm Boies, Schiller & Flexner.
American film critic Roger Ebert said that Herzog "has never created a single film that is compromised, shameful, made for pragmatic reasons, or uninteresting.
The Ostrogothic army was defeated once again.
He attended New York Institute of Finance to specialize his economics background and soon after began various business partnerships, including one with Graham.
Effie Crockett, also known as Effie I. Canning, also known as Effie C. Carlton, was an American actress.
Hoffa vanished in late July 1975 and was declared legally dead in 1982.
Overseas, Dragon Ball's anime adaptations have been more successful than the manga and are credited with boosting anime's popularity in the Western world.
Ronald Charles Colman was an English actor, popular during the 1930s and 1940s.
The longest serving Bond, he went on to portray the spy in six more films.
Nevertheless, such was Gigli's talent, he is considered to be one of the very finest tenors in the recorded history of music.
He was described by the art historian Kenneth Clark as "incomparably the greatest influence on taste since Ruskin ...
In 1989, he was proclaimed "Sexiest Man Alive" by People magazine, and in 1999, at age 69, he was voted "Sexiest Man of the Century".
She is also known for creating the Virginia Satir Change Process Model, a psychological model developed through clinical studies.
Thomas Frederick "Tommy" Cooper was a British prop comedian and magician.
Timberlake voiced the lead character in DreamWorks Animation's Trolls, which soundtrack includes his fifth Billboard Hot 100 chart-topping single, "Can't Stop the Feeling!".
Ethel Merman was an American actress and singer.
Such was her strong chemistry with Wayne that many assumed they were married or in a relationship.
Phil Katz's software business was very successful, but he struggled with social isolation and chronic alcoholism in the last years of his life.
Lena Marina Alexandra Dahlström is a Swedish actress.
Joel Teitelbaum was the founder and first Grand Rebbe of the Satmar dynasty.
Little information is known about his life.
Babson was born to Nathaniel Babson and his wife Ellen Stearns as part of the 10th generation of Babsons to live in Gloucester, Massachusetts.
In 2015 she partnered with BMG Rights Management to launch her own record label, Rhythm Nation, and released her eleventh studio album Unbreakable the same year.
Siegel was one of the founders and leaders of Murder, Inc. and became a bootlegger during Prohibition.
Smith led the first documented exploration from the Salt Lake frontier to the Colorado River.
Cruise is an outspoken advocate for the Church of Scientology and its associated social programs, and credits it with helping him overcome dyslexia.
It was created for the 1966 election from Québec-Centre and parts of Québec-Est and Québec-Ouest electoral districts.
Thomas Crapper & Co owned the world's first bath, toilet and sink showroom, in King's Road until 1966.
Peter James Stringfellow is a British businessman and nightclub owner.
Boortz's first book was The Commencement Speech You Need To Hear in 1997, followed by The Terrible Truth About Liberals, in 1998.
Sir Thomas Malory was an English writer, the author or compiler of Le Morte d'Arthur.
Lawrence Russell Brewer was executed for this crime by the state of Texas through lethal injection on September 21, 2011.
He was captain for six years, earning 58 caps during his tenure.
She was prosecuted for her book Family Limitation under the Comstock Act in 1914.
To escape persecution, Muhammad sent some followers to Abyssinia before he and his followers migrated from Mecca to Medina in the year 622.
Throughout her career, she has sold 100 million records worldwide, becoming one of the best-selling music artists in the music history.
He introduced and/or developed several of the studio's biggest stars, including Bugs Bunny, Porky Pig, Tweety Bird, Sylvester the Cat, Yosemite Sam, and Speedy Gonzales.
Brody is also the only male American actor to receive the French César Award.
That nomination was the first posthumous Oscar consideration for any actor, male or female.
To avoid such attacks, Rustin served rarely as a public spokesperson.
Later in his career he was nominated multiple times for Academy Awards.
Harry Randall Truman was a resident of the U.S. state of Washington who lived on Mount St. Helens.
Her work has earned her several awards and nominations, including four Grammy Awards, two Billboard Music Awards and two Soul Train Music Awards.
Edward Leo Peter McMahon Jr. was an American comedian, actor, singer, game show host and announcer.
She has been an anchor and reporter for the U.S. television news networks NBC, CBS, ABC, CNN, and MSNBC.
Most of the group's success came with their platinum-selling album Guerrilla Warfare and the 1999 single "Bling Bling".
Friedrich Robert Donath was an English film and stage actor.
He is a Senior Advisor on Baseball Operations for the Boston Red Sox.
In 1999, the American Film Institute named Dietrich the ninth-greatest female star of classic Hollywood cinema.
He was multi-talented, excelling in preaching and debate, and was offered several lucrative positions.
The son of an Irish father and an English mother, his early life was spent in India where he was born.
Zellweger returned to the screen in the highly-successful third Bridget-Jones movie, Bridget Jones's Baby.
Inspired by the military cryptography of Charles Barbier, Braille constructed a new method built specifically for the needs of the blind.
Crowe landed his biggest hit, though, with Jerry Maguire.
This is now known as Schumacher compression.
This led to her election as president of the India National Congress in late 1917.
Hewes was elected to the North Carolina legislature in 1763, only three years after he moved to the colony.
Byrne's screen debut came in the Irish soap opera The Riordans and the spin-off show Bracken.
Born Malcolm Little, Malcolm X was effectively orphaned early in life.
During his youth he was sometimes called "the German James Dean".
Over his long career, Mani Shankar has worked on many films, advertisement as well as campaigns for political leaders.
Some rank him among the most important poets of Spanish language literature.
He is one of the few whose plays have survived, with the others being Aeschylus, Sophocles, and potentially Euphorion.
Throughout her life she was a practising Presbyterian.
He hoped to raise one dollar from each of Canada's 24 million people.
James Riddle Hoffa was an American labor union leader who served as the President of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters union from 1958 until 1971.
He co-wrote and starred in the Three Flavours Cornetto trilogy of films: Shaun of the Dead, Hot Fuzz, and The World's End.
In addition to his acting career, Khan is a stage performer and an active humanitarian through his charity non-profit organisation, Being Human.
Lee Ann Remick was an American actress.
In the 1870s, Garrison became a prominent voice for the woman suffrage movement.
Ewbank quickly developed the Jets into a contender just as he previously had the NFL Baltimore Colts in the 1950s.
She began her studies at the École des Beaux-Arts in her native Rouen when she was 16.
Pierce Brendan Brosnan, OBE is an Irish actor, film producer, and activist who after leaving comprehensive school at age 16, began training in commercial illustration.
He premiered as Uncle Jesse's old friend in Full House.
His nine films have grossed over US$4.3 billion worldwide and garnered a total of 26 Oscar nominations and seven wins.
By 1090, he had conquered the entire island.
His art collection and his philanthropic projects were the subject of numerous publications as well.
John Derrick Mordaunt Snagge OBE was a British newsreader and commentator on BBC Radio.
During the 1930s Tresca was a staunch critic of both Benito Mussolini's fascist government in Italy and Stalinism in the Soviet Union.
Smith's first comprehensive biography by Maurice S. Sullivan was published in 1936.
On 9 January 1972, the ship caught on fire during refurbishing and sank into Hong Kong's harbour.
His charity and humanitarian work was extensive, and he is credited with coining the phrase, and helping to develop the March of Dimes.
The Huffington Post called her "a pioneer of female superheroes" for television.
He has also guested on various comedy panel shows such as Never Mind the Buzzcocks and 8 Out of 10 Cats Does Countdown.
He also worked as a television producer and director.
Educated in his native town and later under Friedrich Schelling in Munich, he became a professor of philosophy at Lausanne, and later at Neuchâtel.
After the war, Novello contributed numbers to several successful musical comedies and was eventually commissioned to write the scores of complete shows.
The journalism school at the Southern Institute of Technology that was named after him closed in 2015.
U.S. President Lyndon Johnson honored Peck with the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1969 for his lifetime humanitarian efforts.
As a small child, he joined his parents' act and later wrote skits for the stage.
He is also the former chief technology officer of PayPal, which he co-founded in 1998.
On May 12, his body was discovered nearby.
is a Chinese-born American investment banker, investor and hedge fund manager.
In 1998, Kelly won three Grammy Awards for "I Believe I Can Fly".
With flaming red hair and a quaver in her voice, Verdon was a critically acclaimed performer on Broadway in the 1950s, 1960s, and 1970's.
Pilger's many documentary films on indigenous Australians include The Secret Country and Utopia.
Coke's elder son, Sir John Coke was a Parliamentarian in the English Civil War, while his younger son Thomas Coke was a Royalist.
Styled as the father of American ballet, he co-founded the New York City Ballet and remained its Artistic Director for more than 35 years.
But his business expanded rapidly after 1847, when the Texas Rangers ordered 1,000 revolvers during the American war with Mexico.
In 1962 he stopped with the job in Bodhgaya.
Known for his consistently energetic performances, distinctive vocal style, and deadpan comic timing, he won acclaim and major awards for a wide variety of performances.
She played Monica and Ross Geller's cousin on Friends.
To this day, it remains one of the most-produced warplanes in history, with some 34,000 built, with only the Russian Ilyushin Il-2 surpassing it at 36,000.
Billboard Regional Mexican Albums chart for 19 nonconsecutive weeks.
Hanna Reitsch was Germany's most famous female aviator and test pilot, starting in the early 1930s.
She later married Richard Jesse, then a midshipman in the British Royal Navy, who later rose at least to the rank of captain.
She won the Golden Globe Award and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress for her performance in Martin Scorsese's Casino.
The company remained in the Fuller family’s hands until 1968, when it was acquired by Sara Lee Corporation.
Julius Rosenwald was an American businessman and philanthropist.
Denver was an avid pilot and died at the age of 53 in a single-fatality crash of his personal experimental aircraft.
Michael Eugene Archer, better known by his stage name D'Angelo, is an American singer, songwriter, multi-instrumentalist and record producer.
Martin H. "Marty" Peretz is an American publisher.
Ferdinand Porsche called him "the greatest driver of the past, the present, and the future."
In his spare time he also studied at the Slade School, and developed a talent for sketching portraits which provided a profitable sideline.
Soon after Merrick's visits to the hospital, Tom Norman's shop was closed by the police, and Merrick's managers sent him to tour in Europe.
Her English-language films include: Heaven's Gate, I Heart Huckabees, The Disappearance of Eleanor Rigby, and Louder Than Bombs.
Black militants in the North, led by W. E. B.
He is consistently voted one of the greatest singers in the history of popular music.
Daltrey began his solo career in 1973, while still a member of the Who.
In the later 1940s and for most of the 1950s, Sim was a leading star of British cinema, appearing in more than fifty films.
She is one of only six actresses to have won in both categories.
Novak converted to Catholicism in May 1998 after his wife, Geraldine, did so.
Anna Anderson was the best known of several impostors who claimed to be Grand Duchess Anastasia of Russia.
He has appeared in many West End musicals, including original casts of Evita, Chicago, We Will Rock You, Wicked, and Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.
Banneker's knowledge of astronomy helped him author a commercially successful series of almanacs.
Kate Wiggin devoted her adult life to the welfare of children in an era when children were commonly thought of as cheap labor.
John Cooper, Jr., known as Jackie Cooper, was an American actor, television director, producer and executive.
Working with other musicians, Pears sang an extensive repertoire of music from four centuries, from the Tudor period to the most modern times.
Nuvolari started racing motorcycles in 1920 at the age of 27, winning the 1925 350cc European Championship.
Nancy Laura Spungen was the American girlfriend of Sex Pistols bassist Sid Vicious and a figure of the 1970s punk rock scene.
Rosemary displayed behavioral problems, resulting in less academic and sporting ability than her siblings.
He continued insisting on the human mission to Mars throughout his life.
Anthony has won numerous awards and his achievements have been honored through various recognitions.
His contributions in designing and building aircraft led to the formation of the Curtiss Aeroplane and Motor Company, now part of Curtiss-Wright Corporation.
The arrest set off a chain reaction of national media attention that changed the general public's view of Reubens and Pee-wee.
He became an American legend while still alive, due to his kind, generous ways, his leadership in conservation, and the symbolic importance he attributed to apples.
In 1914, John G. Morrison, a Salt Lake City area grocer and former policeman, and his son were shot and killed by two men.
She also moved into voice work, thereby contributing to animated films such as Disney's Beauty and the Beast.
As a result of his seeking political office, he no longer serves in an official role for any church.
Errol Leslie Flynn was an Australian-born American actor who achieved fame in Hollywood after 1935.
He published little in his lifetime, and many of his most important manuscripts remain unpublished, or published only in partial form.
That same year, Pelé was elected Athlete of the Century by the International Olympic Committee.
She was a devout Christian and experienced strange visions and vivid dreams, which she ascribed to premonitions from God.
In 1922 he was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for his work on behalf of the displaced victims of the First World War and related conflicts.
She released an autobiography, titled Just Lucky I Guess, in 2002, and Larger Than Life, a documentary film about her career, was released in 2012.
Jeanne Elizabeth Crain was an American actress whose career spanned from 1943 to 1975.
Trained as a dancer, Loy devoted herself fully to an acting career following a few minor roles in silent films.
Christopher D'Olier Reeve was an American actor, film director, producer, screenwriter, author, activist and former sportsman.
In 1993, he was awarded an honorary Oscar for Lifetime Achievement at the 65th Annual Academy Awards in Los Angeles.
Salman Khan, credited as Salman Khan, is an Indian film actor, producer, television personality, singer and philanthropist.
In 1985, he co-founded Guns N' Roses, with whom he had great success and recognition in the late 1980s and early 1990s.
This is sometimes known as the Apotelesmatika but more commonly known as the Tetrabiblos from the Greek meaning "Four Books" or by the Latin Quadripartitum.
Sir Richard Francis Burton KCMG FRGS was an English explorer, geographer, translator, writer, soldier, orientalist, cartographer, ethnologist, spy, linguist, poet, fencer, and diplomat.
In 1991, Turner was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
Louis Calhern, born Carl Henry Vogt, was an American stage and screen actor.
He is credited with coining the FPS multiplayer term "deathmatch".
As of 2015 more than 100 White titles are available in English, including compilations from her 100,000 pages of manuscript.
He was born on January 19, 1815 in Lausanne, Switzerland, where he also died on January 21, 1895.
He attended English independent schools and studied English at Christ Church, Oxford.
For The Thomas Crown Affair and its title song, "The Windmills of Your Mind", Legrand won his first Oscar.
Robert Osbourne Denver was an American comedic actor.
He was the first wrestler to win consecutive Royal Rumbles, in 1990 and 1991 respectively.
Since 2009 and into the 2010s, Sheen has become known for a wider variety of roles.
Together they performed in many local clubs around Los Angeles.
Thomas Starr King was an American Universalist and Unitarian minister, influential in California politics during the American Civil War, and Freemason.
Prior to 2002, Daly was a VJ on MTV's Total Request Live, and a DJ for the Southern California-based radio station 106.7 KROQ-FM.
He is perhaps best known for his roles as Lt. Tony Rodriguez on NYPD Blue and Joseph Adama in the science fiction television series Caprica.
Although known as an actor, Sheen also has directed one film, Cadence, appearing alongside sons Charlie and Ramón.
She was one of the first writers of detective fiction in America and distinguished herself by writing well plotted, legally accurate stories.
He is the father of Disney Legend Don Iwerks and grandfather to documentary film producer Leslie Iwerks.
He lives with his second wife, Anne, a producer.
She is married to actor, screenwriter, and director Christopher Guest, 5th Baron Haden-Guest.
Ross has also ventured into acting, with a Golden Globe Award and Academy Award-nominated performance for her performance in the film Lady Sings the Blues.
Lewis Frederick Ayres III was an American actor whose film and television career spanned 65 years.
His screen persona appealed strongly to both men and women, and his range of performances included roles in most major movie genres.
He was educated at St. Pancras Church of England School.
Leopold Samuel "Leo" Marks, MBE was an English writer, screenwriter, and cryptographer.
Bonnie Lynne Hunt is an American comedian, actress, director, producer, writer and host.
Peary received a number of awards from geographical societies during his lifetime, and in 1911 received the Thanks of Congress and was promoted to rear admiral.
She was called upon to take a central role in the protection of the Everglades when she was 79 years old.
He is best known today for his role as Don Lockwood's friend and colleague Cosmo Brown in Singin' in the Rain.
Cyril James Cusack was an Irish actor, who appeared in numerous films and television productions in a career lasting more than 70 years.
He was a lifelong horse racing enthusiast, and at one time ranked among the world's top contract bridge players.
After Vespasian became Emperor in 69 CE, he granted Josephus his freedom, at which time Josephus assumed the emperor's family name of Flavius.
They married in 1938 and remained together for more than fifty years until his death in 1991.
Johnny Wayne was a Canadian comedian and comedy writer best known for his work as part of the comedy duo Wayne and Shuster alongside Frank Shuster.
Ernest Borgnine; January 24, 1917 – July 8, 2012) was an American actor and voice actor whose career spanned over six decades.
A six-time BAFTA Award nominee, she won the BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role for The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie.
and was nominated for an Oscar and Golden Globe for the same film.
Sinatra found success as a solo artist after he signed with Columbia Records in 1943, becoming the idol of the "bobby soxers".
He won seven Academy Awards for his work.
Among her survivors was her husband of 42 years, Robert Brandt.
Moyles moved to BBC Radio 1 in 1997 and left the station in September 2012.
Mostly active during the 1980s, during that decade he rose to prominence and is considered one of the top character designers of his time.
Major Alexander Patrick Gregers Richard Windsor, Earl of Ulster, is a retired British Army officer.
His most famous creation for the magazine is probably Sid the Sexist.
Aneirin [aˈnɛirɪn] or Neirin was an early Medieval Brythonic poet.
Some of Cleary's best known characters are Henry Huggins and his dog Ribsy, Ramona Quimby and Beezus Quimby, and Ralph S. Mouse.
He was also a three-time BAFTA Award winner.
Harriette Wilson is the author of The Memoirs of Harriette Wilson: Written by Herself.
In 2003, she was shot and killed inside the home of record producer Phil Spector.
He had multiple roles throughout his career, including playwright, dramatist, essayist, publisher, literary reviewer, photographer and art critic.
Gongadze was buried in Kiev on 22 March 2016 in the St Nicholas the Embankment Church.
He arrived at Sydney Cove on the First Fleet with 18 months of his sentence remaining.
Paul Leonard Newman was an American actor, film director, producer, IndyCar driver, entrepreneur, activist, and philanthropist.
Her next five albums shipped over a million copies in Japan, with her third, Duty, selling nearly three million and becoming her best-selling studio album.
Clarence Addison Dykstra was a U.S. administrator.
Born in Srinagar, Kashmir, he was educated at College of Engineering, Guindy and Indian Institute of Technology Delhi.
His political and cultural essays were published in The Nation, the New Statesman, the New York Review of Books, and Esquire magazines.
A Yugoslav terrorist connection was initially dismissed by police, but has since acquired more credence.
This is a component of the AMBER Alert system that is already active in the US.
In a career that spanned six decades, he influenced the development of several music genres.
He is a member of the Hockey Hall of Fame in the builder category.
His comedy is known for its deadpan delivery.
Six of Buñuel's films are included in Sight & Sound's 2012 critics' poll of the top 250 films of all time.
He was an alcoholic during his time at Cambridge and the Python years, quitting shortly before working on Life of Brian.
Cotton Mather, FRS was a socially and politically influential New England Puritan minister, prolific author, and pamphleteer.
She is known for her uninhibited and exuberant manner, perceived lack of fluency in English and thick Spanish accent, and the catch-phrase "cuchi-cuchi".
Later, his firearms were prominent during the settling of the western frontier.
She married once, as a young woman, but thereafter lived independently.
In Germany and Austria, after the Second World War, he executed some 200 people who had been convicted of war crimes.
His most recent album, Gunslinger, was released in November 2016.
Amelia Mary Earhart was an American aviation pioneer and author.
Edward "Ed" Rosenthal is a California horticulturist, author, publisher, and Cannabis grower known for his advocacy for the legalization of marijuana use.
Kelly received an Academy Honorary Award in 1952 for his career achievements.
In 2004, Kutcher starred in the lead role of the psychological film The Butterfly Effect and gained public recognition.
After receiving an education in drama, Boyer started on the stage, but he found his success in American films during the 1930s.
Jean Maurice Eugène Clément Cocteau was a French writer, designer, playwright, artist and filmmaker.
He developed a series of principles for understanding and analyzing market behavior which later became known as Dow theory, the groundwork for technical analysis.
For his performances in The Day of the Locust and Rocky, he received nominations for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor.
He has continued acting as an adult, billed as Rick Schroder, notably on the western miniseries Lonesome Dove, and the crime-drama series NYPD Blue.
Paul Schneider, the dogs' owner, is a high-ranking member of the Aryan Brotherhood and is serving a life sentence in state prison.
Jan Gustaf Troell is a Swedish film director.
Kogo Noda was a Japanese screenwriter most famous for collaborating with Yasujirō Ozu on many of the director's films.
He created the first map of the world, incorporating parallels and meridians based on the available geographic knowledge of his era.
Their nickname is the rebels and colors are maroon and white.
Ashley Judd is an American actress and political activist.
In 2014 he stepped down from the IBLP after multiple allegations of sexual harassment and molestation were made against him.
In 2003, she was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Actress in a Musical for the Broadway revival of Man of La Mancha.
Adverse conditions forced Bering to return, but he documented some of the Aleutian Islands on his way back.
That year, he first met Booth, who was planning to kidnap Lincoln, and Mudd was seen in company with three of the conspirators.
He was often praised for his off-screen charity work, and as a performer.
He became a naturalized United States citizen in 1942.
Delon became one of Europe's most prominent actors and screen sex symbols in the 1960s.
His approach to psychotherapy is related to, but not identical to, Gestalt psychology, and it is different from Gestalt theoretical psychotherapy.
In his later years, Clampett toured college campuses and animation festivals as a lecturer on the history of animation.
After years of drinking, Prevost died of acute alcoholism at the age of 38 in January 1937.
He won fame for his creations, particularly Kermit the Frog, Rowlf the Dog, and Ernie, and was involved with Sesame Street for over 20 years.
Ailes was a media consultant for Republican presidents Richard Nixon, Ronald Reagan, and George H. W. Bush, and for Rudy Giuliani's first mayoral campaign.
In 1945 Ward began practising osteopathy in London, and rapidly became successful and fashionable, with many distinguished clients.
Rex Lloyd Lease was an American actor.
Charles Hirsch "Chuck" Barris was an American game show creator, producer, and host.
Lozada was a member of Puerto Rican boy band Menudo during its golden years, joining the group in 1980 until early 1984.
Zwingli was killed in battle at the age of 47.
Constantine and Woodall have now dressed over 5,000 women.
Thorvald Asvaldsson was the father of the colonizer of Greenland, Erik the Red, and grandfather of Leif Ericson, who visited North America centuries before Christopher Columbus.
He shared his radio programs with his wife, Julia Sanderson, and the two were sometimes called "the ideal couple of the air."
Malden was also President of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences from 1989 to 1992.
In 1978 he was made Music Director of the New York Philharmonic where he continued for 13 years.
The Dictionary of Literary Biography - American Screenwriters calls him "one of the most successful screenwriters in the history of motion pictures."
He was the BBC's commentator for the Eurovision Song Contest from 1971 to 2008 and its host in 1998.
Suzman later starred in a wide range of classical and modern drama as well as directing many productions, both in Britain and South Africa.
To date, he is still the only German to have won the Best Actor Oscar.
In addition to calling both professional and college basketball, he has experience announcing other sports such as American football, ice hockey, horse racing, boxing, and tennis.
Following the assassination of King, Abernathy became president of the SCLC.
The spoils from these exploits increased the prosperity of his town and were used to decorate his palace more lavishly.
During a business trip in 1859, Dunant was witness to the aftermath of the Battle of Solferino in modern-day Italy.
Goldie Jeanne Hawn is an American actress, director, producer, and occasional singer.
In 1943, Bergner returned to Broadway in the play The Two Mrs. Carrolls, for which she was awarded the Distinguished Performance Medal by the Drama League.
Clayburgh made her Broadway debut in 1968 and starred in the original Broadway productions of the musicals The Rothschilds and Pippin.
She played Victoria Winslow in the action-comedy films Red and Red 2.
This pioneering work was started as an arogya centre below a tree in 1949.
Limbert was then selected to serve the highest post in all of the YMCA movement.
Born as Edward Vance Flanagan, he was the son of Irish vaudevillians working in the United States.
He resigned from the army after, according to Chaim Herzog, "His extreme left-wing philosophy proved to be irreconcilable with David Ben-Gurion's policies."
From 1998 to 2001 he was a producer and anchor for Fox Sports Net and a host for Fox Sports' coverage of Major League Baseball.
In addition to her film career, Lords also pursued music.
Smith has appeared in over 50 films and is one of Britain's most recognisable actresses.
In 1976, before the trial concluded, Meinhof was found hanged in her prison cell.
Branson's Virgin brand grew rapidly during the 1980s, as he set up Virgin Atlantic airline and expanded the Virgin Records music label.
He made 25 feature films during his 50-year career.
To him the novelist finds his inspiration in their personal and the historical past.
Thien Thanh Thi Nguyen, better known by her stage names Tila Tequila, Tila Nguyen and Miss Tila, is an American television and social media personality.
Keith Theodore Olbermann is an American sports and political commentator and writer.
Benjamin Newton Duke was an American tobacco, textile and energy industrialist and philanthropist.
Connery was the first actor to portray the character James Bond in film, starring in seven Bond films between 1962 and 1983.
Rabbi Harold Samuel Kushner is a prominent American rabbi aligned with the progressive wing of Conservative Judaism, and a popular author.
She reprised her role in five sequels, all in the apocalyptic fiction action horror genre, made between 2004 and 2016.
Hannity was born and grew up in New York.
On television, she is known for her portrayal of Dr. Lilith Sternin, Dr. Frasier Crane's wife, on both the TV sitcom Cheers, and its spin-off Frasier.
Petra Karin Kelly was a German Green politician and activist.
Having returned to Okhotsk with a much larger, better prepared, and much more ambitious expedition, Bering set off for an expedition towards North America in 1741.
Kathleen Hanna is an American singer, musician, artist, feminist activist, pioneer of the feminist punk riot grrrl movement, and punk zine writer.
The Peggy Guggenheim Collection is a modern art museum on the Grand Canal in Venice, Italy, and is one of the most visited attractions in Venice.
Taja Kramberger is a poet, translator, essayist and historical anthropologist from Slovenia.
Raised in a poor Xhosa family, Biko grew up in Ginsberg.
He was also honored with the Padma Vibhushan, India's second highest civilian award, for his contribution towards Indian cinema.
Albert Gustaf Aristides Edelfelt was a Finnish painter.
He co-founded the heavy metal band Body Count, which he introduced in his 1991 rap album O.G.
In 1966, Warner Brothers invited Nichols to direct his first film, Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?, starring Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton.
She is known for her roles as Margo Hughes on As the World Turns and as Eleanor Waldorf-Rose on Gossip Girl.
Anthony Trollope was an English novelist of the Victorian era.
One of his major contributions to German literature was to open it up to exploration outside of French models.
He moved to Los Angeles, where he produced his first motion picture, the surrealist horror film Eraserhead.
He was a leader of the American Party in Carolina and one of the boldest members of the Council of Safety and its Secret Committee.
Rock's follow-up records became more rock-, country-, and blues-oriented, starting with 2001's Cocky.
Despite keen investigation by the media, the extent of Onassis' wealth remains unknown.
An annual film festival in Hiller's honor was held from 2006 until 2009 at his alma mater, Victoria School of Performing and Visual Arts.
An eccentric, Satie was introduced as a "gymnopedist" in 1887, shortly before writing his most famous compositions, the Gymnopédies.
During World War II, Capra served in the U.S. Army Signal Corps and produced propaganda films, such as the Why We Fight series.
Some of her other works included Cathedral Courtship, A Summer in a Canon, Timothy's Quest, The Story Hour, Kindergarten Chimes, Polly Oliver's Problem, and Children's Rights.
She was also a member of the National Woman's Party and an early supporter of the Equal Rights Amendment.
Crane is best known for his performance as Colonel Robert E. Hogan in the CBS sitcom Hogan's Heroes.
He is president and CEO of the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association and of Samaritan's Purse, an international Christian relief organization.
Along with 2 Academy Award wins, Hoffman has been nominated for 5 additional Academy Awards, and he was nominated for 13 Golden Globes, winning 6.
Puri has won three Filmfare Awards for Best Supporting Actor.
Sidney Olcott was a Canadian-born film producer, director, actor and screenwriter.
In 1932, Riefenstahl decided to try directing with her own film called Das Blaue Licht.
He later toured the northern club circuit, where he met the comedy actor Windsor Davies whom he teamed with and toured for four years.
Demosthenes was a Greek statesman and orator of ancient Athens.
Day's film career began with the 1948 film Romance on the High Seas, and its success sparked her twenty-year career as a motion picture actress.
She later joined The X Factor UK for its eleventh series in 2014.
She was noted for her purity of tone, impeccable diction, phrasing and intonation, and a "horn-like" improvisational ability, particularly in her scat singing.
His other notable films included High Noon, The Caine Mutiny, and Ship of Fools.
Among international film's most prolific actresses, Huppert has worked in Italy, Russia, Central Europe, and on the Asian continent.
He was also the first black actor to receive featured screen credit in a film.
He received the Academy Award for Best Cinematography for his work on The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring in 2002.
Marc Rich was an international commodities trader, hedge fund manager, financier and businessman.
He died in January 1992 at the age of 104.
Tarbox died at a hospital in Edmonton on May 18, 2003 at the age of 42 from brain cancer and lung cancer.
Legal scholars have referred to the trial as one of the "trials of the century".
Isobel, Lady Barnett, popularly known as Lady Isobel Barnett, was a British radio and television personality, who had her highest profile during the 1950s and 1960s.
Since 2006, Reubens has been making cameos and guest appearances in numerous projects, such as Reno 911!, 30 Rock, Dirt, Pushing Daisies, and The Blacklist.
In his earliest parts he acted in a string of mediocre films, including swashbucklers, westerns, light comedies, sports films and a musical.
He achieved international acclaim and recognition for his breakthrough role as Michael Corleone in Francis Ford Coppola's The Godfather.
Ricci married dolly grip James Heerdegen in October 2013 and gave birth to a son in August 2014.
He later started the Annapurna International School of Film and Media within Annapurna Studios in 2011.
Eager to become an actress, she signed a contract with the Fox Film Corporation at age 16, but mainly played bit parts.
Throughout her career, she has sold over 40 million records worldwide, making her one of the best selling female artists of all time.
Kurtwood Larson Smith is an American television and film actor.
His compositions are thought to be autobiographical.
Charytín Goyco, better known in show business as simply Charytín, is a Dominican singer, television hostess and actress.
Von der Ahe soon lost his other wealth as well, and was reduced to tending bar in a small saloon.
He won an Academy Award for Best Director for Midnight Cowboy, and was nominated for two other films.
This was followed in 1953 by illustrations for a book by Jeanne Cappe about two very similar rabbits.
He was also one of the architects of the Tripartite Pact and the Japanese–Soviet Non-aggression Pact in the years immediately prior to the outbreak of war.
In December 2016, the magazine named her the second most successful dance club artist of all-time, after Madonna.
Elizabeth Ward Gracen is an American actress who won the title of Miss America in 1982.
Mardas arrived in England in 1965, exhibiting his Kinetic Light Sculptures at the Indica Gallery.
In the 1970s, he established an alternative to mainstream animation through independent and adult-oriented productions.
The most notable of these is Lake Champlain, which straddles the border between northern New York and Vermont, extending slightly across the border into Canada.
His polemical message was unlike that of most other religious broadcasters of his day.
Using similar measurements he showed that comets were also not atmospheric phenomena, as previously thought, and must pass through the supposedly immutable celestial spheres.
She arrived in New France two years after the Ursuline nuns came to Quebec.
In 2010, he appeared in British Sitcom Outnumbered, in Series 3, episode 3, titled "The Tennis Match".
Frakes is best known for his portrayal of Commander William T. Riker in the television series Star Trek: The Next Generation and subsequent films.
She began her acting career in theatre, and subsequently attended the Actors Studio in New York City, New York.
James Nachtwey is an American photojournalist and war photographer.
Since its release, the song has sold over 8 million copies, making it one of the best selling singles of all time.
Lars Anders Amble-Næss was a Swedish actor and director.
He gained national recognition as O. J. Simpson's friend and defense attorney during Simpson's 1995 murder trial.
But did not join the ANC until after the communists were banned in 1950.
Lift, mother of Danny DeVito's protagonist, in Throw Momma from the Train.
He also held the titles of Pasha and Major-General in the Ottoman Empire and Egypt.
In 2010, she earned a one-year mid-career master's degree in public administration from Harvard's Kennedy School of Government.
Żuławski had also written several novels, for example: Il était Un Verger, Lity Bór, W Oczach Tygrysa, and Ogród Miłości.
Wolf Grigorevich Messing Ме́ссинг),,, was an alleged psychic and telepathist.
In total, Cameron's directorial efforts have grossed approximately US$2 billion in North America and US$6 billion worldwide.
Although Hugenberg continued to serve as a "guest" member of the Reichstag until 1945, he wielded no political influence.
A cosmetics entrepreneur, she was the founder and eponym of Helena Rubinstein Incorporated cosmetics company, which made her one of the world's richest women.
Dorothy Faye Dunaway is an American actress.
Television soon followed, including appearances with Tony Hancock throughout his television career.
Blavatsky was a controversial figure during her lifetime, championed by supporters as an enlightened guru and derided as a fraudulent charlatan and plagiarist by critics.
In 2016, Time Magazine named him in the annual Time 100 most influential people list.
Hamilcar Barca or Barcas was a Carthaginian general and statesman, leader of the Barcid family, and father of Hannibal, Hasdrubal and Mago.
Field received further nominations for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress for Murphy's Romance and Steel Magnolias.
She was instrumental in the eventual cancellation of the Lower Manhattan Expressway, which would have passed directly through SoHo and Little Italy.
Grant has received a Golden Globe, a BAFTA, and an Honorary César for his work.
The subsequent editions of the dictionary were and continue to be a great commercial success in ELT publishing.
Van Sant's early career was devoted to directing television commercials in the Pacific Northwest.
In Islam, he is known as Isḥāq.
Studying in Germany, Boas was awarded a doctorate in 1881 in physics while also studying geography.
William Henry Gates III is a co-founder of Microsoft and is an American business magnate, investor, author and philanthropist.
In 2003, Nachtwey was injured in a grenade attack on his convoy while working in Baghdad, from which he made a full recovery.
In 1867, he started a charity organisation which is now called Spurgeon's and works globally.
He began running marathons in his 80s, exercised daily until his death, and would regularly play golf, without a golf cart, carrying his own clubs.
Mudd was pardoned by President Andrew Johnson and released from prison in 1869.
In 2017, Streep was awarded the Golden Globe Cecil B. DeMille Award.
Since 2011, she has taken on a prominent role at the foundation and has a seat on its board.
She was celebrated by artists and intellectuals of the era, who variously dubbed her the "Black Pearl", the "Bronze Venus", and the "Creole Goddess".
Laurie has portrayed Senator Tom James in the HBO political satire Veep since 2015.
Allan J. Pinkerton was a Scottish American detective and spy, best known for creating the Pinkerton National Detective Agency.
He was known in St. Louis for his trademark phrase "That's a winner!
He would also direct several productions for the theatre.
He gave up academia, and turned to writing full-time, his first stage play Forty Years On being produced in 1968.
Tracy left MGM in 1955, and continued to work regularly as a freelance star, despite an increasing weariness as he aged.
He directed more than 35 feature films in a five-decade career after leaving the theatre.
Bill Macy is an American television, film and stage actor, born in Revere, Massachusetts, to Mollie and Michael Garber, a manufacturer.
He was Member of Parliament for Wells from 1784 to 1790, for Hindon from 1790 to 1795 and 1806 to 1820.
His latter years were passed at St Albans, where he died on 6 May 1236.
Saúl Gustavo Lisazo Oscoidi is an Argentine actor and ex-footballer.
In 2003, she was a candidate in the California governor recall election, finishing 28th in a field of 135 candidates.
In addition to film, Winters also appeared in television, including a years-long tenure on the sitcom Roseanne, and also authored three autobiographical books.
Cutié was ordained as a priest in the Roman Catholic Church in 1995, and known as an internationally recognizable name by hosting television and radio programs.
He is the father of actress Jennifer Aniston.
John Arbuthnot, often known simply as Dr Arbuthnot, was a Scottish physician, satirist and polymath in London.
After the series ended, Frye continued her career in guest spots on television and supporting roles in films.
William Edward "Billy" Cotton was an English band leader and entertainer, one of the few whose orchestras survived the British dance band era.
In 1978, a trial court in France convicted Hubbard of fraud in absentia.
Charles Henry Dow was an American journalist who co-founded Dow Jones & Company with Edward Jones and Charles Bergstresser.
The figures were all drawn on stone by himself.
As early as 1950 Life magazine had already stated that Magnani was "one of the most impressive actresses since Garbo".
Califia is a member of the third-wave feminism movement.
Hartman was posthumously inducted into Canada's Walk of Fame in 2012 and the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 2014.
Heir to a multimillion-dollar mine and railroad fortune, Thaw had a history of severe mental instability and led a profligate life.
Sir David Rowat Barclay and Sir Frederick Hugh Barclay, commonly referred to as the "Barclay Brothers" or "Barclay Twins", are British businessmen.
Mary Sean Young is an American actress.
The book became Christian Science's central text, along with the Bible, and by 2001 had sold over nine million copies.
Johanna Mansfield Sullivan Macy, better known as Anne Sullivan, was an American teacher, best known for being the instructor and lifelong companion of Helen Keller.
At the height of her success, she was named as one of People's "50 Most Beautiful People".
Since 2005, he has been the national spokesperson for Project Cuddle.
Zeppo Marx was a multi-millionaire due to his engineering efforts.
Chopra studied medicine in India before emigrating to the United States in 1970 where he completed residencies in internal medicine and endocrinology.
Karl Frederik Lukas Moodysson is a Swedish novelist, short story writer and film director.
Her breakthrough role was in the film Demolition Man.
In addition he is a highly acclaimed military historian, cookery writer, and graphic artist.
The film made him a box-office draw, especially in Europe.
Right, JFK, Mistress, and as Debbie Salt / Mrs. Loomis in Scream 2.
He is well known for selling Babe Ruth to the New York Yankees, and starting the Curse of the Bambino.
That article considered the following to be his most important writings:
Tecumseh and his confederacy continued to fight the Americans after forming an alliance with Great Britain in the War of 1812.
She was born on a farm in Sandersville, Georgia and grew up in Americus.
Robert George Kardashian was an American attorney and businessman of Armenian descent.
As a result of her outstanding interviewing ability and her popularity with viewers, she received more airtime on the program.
His major film, television, and stage roles included Luther Billis, Mr. Applegate, J. J. Singleton, Mr. Hand, Candy, and Judge Henry Bone.
In the 1970s McKellen became a stalwart of the Royal Shakespeare Company and the National Theatre of Great Britain.
He executive produces the show Power, which airs on Starz.
Luciano is considered the father of modern organized crime in the United States for the establishment of the first Commission.
His career spanned from stage, to television and film, to Shakespeare and musical theatre.
A Review of General Psychology survey, published in 2002, ranked Freud as the 99th most cited psychologist of the 20th century.
Maureen Paula O'Sullivan was an Irish actress best known for playing Jane in the Tarzan series of films starring Johnny Weissmuller.
He referred to mime as the "art of silence", and he performed professionally worldwide for over 60 years.
Geoffrey Roy Rush AC is an Australian actor and film producer.
He was the chairman of the Internet Engineering Task Force from 2001 until 2005.
An outspoken anti-imperialist, he continued his vocal political activism in the 2000s, including opposing the War on Terror.
Cristina Maria Saralegui is a Cuban-born American journalist, television personality, actress and talk show host of the Spanish-language eponymous show, Cristina.
Niebuhr was one of America's leading public intellectuals for several decades of the 20th century and received the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1964.
Along with Olena Prytula founded the internet newspaper Ukrayinska Pravda in 2000.
In 1975, he was appointed as the internal comptroller of the Ministry of Defense by the minister Shimon Peres.
He has analysed complex proprietary protocols and algorithms, to allow compatible free and open source software implementations.
Macarthur was educated at the University of Glasgow and studied for ordination at Ripon College Cuddesdon.
Music publisher Dick James and his partner Charles Silver owned 51-percent of the company, Lennon and McCartney each owned 20%, and Epstein owned 9%.
His critics describe him as "a political radical who is to blame, in part, for the deterioration of race relations".
Despite their urgent need for food for the colony, Bradford stayed with Squanto for several days until he died.
Louis Gathmann was a German American engineer and an inventor who is best remembered as the inventor of the Gathamnn gun, a large howitzer.
Schaeffer's wife, Edith Schaeffer, became a prolific author in her own right.
Atta returned to Hamburg in February 2000, and began inquiring about flight training in the United States.
The journalist Geoffrey Wansell called Clark's experience "one of the great miscarriages of justice in modern British legal history".
She has sold over 30 million records worldwide, and has received four Gold, three Platinum, and three Multiplatinum albums by RIAA.
He then became Provost of UCLA from 1945-1950.
Benoît Poelvoorde is a Belgian actor and comedian.
Ryan began her acting career in 1981 in minor roles, before joining the cast of the CBS soap opera As the World Turns in 1982.
In the post-war years, HAPAG rebuilt its fleet and focused on cargo container transport.
Upon being pardoned by Putin and released from prison at the end of 2013, Khodorkovsky immediately left Russia and was granted residency in Switzerland.
After Ross's assassination by the Provisional Irish Republican Army, Norris carried on alone as editor.
John Smeaton FRS was an English civil engineer responsible for the design of bridges, canals, harbours and lighthouses.
Kristina Wagner is an American actress best known for her role as Felicia Jones on the ABC soap opera General Hospital.
At the age of sixteen his first business venture was a magazine called Student.
Bostwick has also had considerable success in musical theatre, winning a Tony Award for his role in the musical The Robber Bridegroom.
From 2013 to 2015, she starred in the drama series Cedar Cove.
In 2016 she was diagnosed with a pituitary tumour and an autoimmune condition.
In 1908 Curtiss joined the Aerial Experiment Association, a pioneering research group, founded by Alexander Graham Bell at Beinn Bhreagh, Nova Scotia to build flying machines.
Few other figures of the German Reformation have raised so much controversy —which continues to this day— as Müntzer.
This was followed by The Quiet Man, her best-known film, and The Wings of Eagles, by which time her relationship with Ford had deteriorated.
Schnarre has also made a number of movies, with roles in Love on the Side, Waxwork II: Lost in Time, and Junior.
With the SCLC, King led an unsuccessful 1962 struggle against segregation in Albany, Georgia, and helped organize the 1963 nonviolent protests in Birmingham, Alabama.
In her final years, she suffered from dementia.
Christian Kramp's father was his teacher at grammar school in Strasbourg.
She wrote extensively about photography, culture and media, AIDS and illness, human rights, and communism and leftist ideology.
Juan Moreno y Herrera-Jiménez, known as Jean Reno, is a French actor of Spanish descent.
He has authored a book about wikis, titled The Wiki Way, and also invented Framework for Integrated Tests.
Russell William Thaw was a pioneering aviator and veteran of World War II.
Cruz achieved recognition for her lead roles in the 2001 films Vanilla Sky, All the Pretty Horses, Captain Corelli's Mandolin and Blow.
His donations to the David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA and other educational and research donations have widened his fame beyond the entertainment industry.
He apparently left the MP2P Community in 2004, subsequently Blubster and Piolet slowly began to lose their user base.
Under the new moniker, he released a reggae album, Reincarnated, and a documentary film of the same name, of his Jamaican experience, in early 2013.
Baker's voice, which has been described as "sonorous", was voted the fourth-most recognisable in the UK.
Her death prompted the Hollywood community to create the Motion Picture & Television Country House and Hospital.
In recognition of her extraordinary qualities both on screen and off, with appreciation for a lifetime's worth of indelible performances.
She also worked as a psychoanalyst and lived in Etterbeek, Brussels.
Her introduction to American audiences came with her starring role in the English-language remake of Intermezzo.
His eccentric philosophical and mythological theories gained a small international following.
Marlier also took part in the Farandole series, intended for children.
In 2009, he was awarded an Honorary Academy Award.
By that time he had published three books of poetry, along with other works and essays.
Poliomyelitis is often known as Heine-Medin disease, after the work of Heine and Karl Oskar Medin.
She made her film debut in Nicholas Nickleby, though she was best known for her stage, television, and radio work.
She was famously and controversially photographed sitting on an anti-aircraft gun on a 1972 visit to Hanoi.
A further 2,000 miles were lost by the end of the 1960s.
His children Nick Cassavetes, Zoe Cassavetes, and Xan Cassavetes are also filmmakers.
Burton was nominated for an Academy Award seven times, but never won an Oscar.
Captain Charles Napier Sturt was a British explorer of Australia, and part of the European exploration of Australia.
In 2008, she released her autobiography titled That's Another Story.
The first was a major biography by Gavin Lambert.
He was father of Sæberht, whose rule began in c. 604, and of another son, Seaxa whose descendants supplanted those of Sæberht in the mid-8th century.
He is the youngest of the Baldwin brothers and is a Christian evangelist.
He is famous today as the author of a history of the Kingdom of Jerusalem.
This would have been an act of treason, the punishment for which was death, so van Meegeren confessed to the less serious charge of forgery instead.
He was inducted into the Comic Book Hall of Fame in 2006.
Pilger has been a strong critic of American, Australian and British foreign policy, which he considers to be driven by an imperialist agenda.
Bergman directed over sixty films and documentaries for cinematic release and for television, most of which he also wrote.
Sharon Yvonne Stone is an American actress, voice actress, film producer, and former fashion model.
The first Three Tenors recording became the best-selling classical album of all time.
In 1999, Hepburn was named by the American Film Institute as the greatest female star of Classic Hollywood Cinema.
In 1964, Roddenberry created Star Trek, which premiered in 1966 and ran for three seasons before being canceled.
He headlined multiple pay-per-view events from 1999 to 2000 and participated in the main event of WrestleMania 2000, as a cornerman for The Rock.
She was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her work in The Blue Veil.
And in 2002 he was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame, established by the U.S. Patent Office.
Born to a wealthy Puritan family in Northampton, England, Bradstreet was a well-read scholar especially affected by the works of Du Bartas.
Known for her improvisation and distinctive "honeyed gravel voice," Kavner was cast in her first professional acting role as Brenda Morgenstern in Rhoda in 1974.
Worldwide, from 1951 to 2002, he appeared in more than sixty feature films.
Harryhausen moved to the United Kingdom, becoming a dual US-UK citizen and lived in London from 1960 until his death in 2013.
In her teens, Jones would freestyle rap, heavily influenced by actress/singer Diana Ross, and fellow female hip-hop artists like MC Lyte and The Lady of Rage.
William Holden was an American actor who was one of the biggest box-office draws of the 1950s through the 1970s.
Heinrich Bullinger was a Swiss reformer, the successor of Huldrych Zwingli as head of the Zurich church and pastor at Grossmünster.
His skill to combine lightweight and youthful charm with heavyweight acting was seen most clearly in the theatre.
Carrey first gained recognition in 1990 after landing a recurring role in the sketch comedy television series In Living Color.
Carver Dana Andrews was an American film actor.
Frank "the Prime Minister" Costello was an Italian-American Mafia gangster and crime boss.
Debates have continued about these diaries: a handwriting comparison study in 2002 concluded Casement had written the diaries but this was still contested by some.
She herself used the epithet for an autobiographical publication in 1948.
Furthermore, early Islamic historians like Ibn Ishaq and Ibn Hisham always included his name in the genealogy of the Prophet Muhammad.
1 on the Billboard Hot 200 Albums Chart, selling more than 300,000 copies within its first 8 days of release.
He appeared in nearly 70 films and starred in several television productions during a career that spanned more than four decades.
Born in Bayamon, a large city in Puerto Rico, she participated in amateur radio shows.
She has produced some of the films in which she starred, including Two Weeks Notice, Miss Congeniality 2: Armed and Fabulous, and All About Steve.
He is the founder of IKEA, a Swedish retail company specialising in furniture.
A limited number of these works have survived.
They ran out of oxygen but managed to reach the summit.
She is remembered as a powerful orator.
In films, she was perhaps best known as the Oracle in The Matrix and The Matrix Reloaded, the latter film being her last.
Sacha Pecaric is a Croatian born rabbi.
The son of a conservative East Prussian army officer, he was born in Munich, Germany and died in Berzona, Ticino, Switzerland.
Some of this family exhibition was later shown at the Musée National d'Art Moderne in Paris.
Vincent Cassel is a French actor best known to English-speaking audiences through his film performances in Ocean's Twelve and Ocean's Thirteen, as well as Black Swan.
He died in the year 3-Reed in battle against the Tlaxcalans.
In 2003, he was knighted for his services to popular music.
A Shearer revival began in 1988, when Turner Network Television began broadcasting the entire Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer film library.
Patricia Monique Soltysik was an American woman, best known as one of the founders of the Symbionese Liberation Army.
That being said, he is seen by many Canadians—especially those in Southern Ontario—as a founding figure in Canadian history.
Charles Frambach Berlitz was an American linguist and language teacher known for his language-learning courses and his books on paranormal phenomena.
Her looks and personality attracted interest, commentary, and invitations from artists and society hostesses.
The album was certified 4× platinum, with over four million copies sold, making it Miller's highest selling album.
Foreshadowing his fame as a semi-alien, he played Narab, one of three Martian invaders, in the 1952 movie serial Zombies of the Stratosphere.
Stickgold's research has focused on sleep and cognition, dreaming, and conscious states.
McCay also produced numerous detailed editorial cartoons and was a popular performer of chalk talks on the vaudeville circuit.
Max Ehrmann was an American writer, poet, and attorney from Terre Haute, Indiana, widely known for his 1927 prose poem "Desiderata".
Jeffrey Leon Bridges is an American actor, singer, and producer.
After she began her career as a big band singer in 1939, her popularity increased with her first hit recording "Sentimental Journey".
His works were frequently recorded during his heyday, and a substantial part of his output has been put on CD in more recent years.
He is most prominent for having authored the essay, Fifth Modernization, which was posted on the "Democracy Wall" in Beijing in 1978.
Christian Science is a set of beliefs and practices belonging to the metaphysical family of new religious movements.
Kjell Inge Røkke is a Norwegian businessman and philanthropist, and is among the richest people in Norway, controlling the Norwegian company Aker ASA.
He returned to the role in 2012 and left again in February 2013.
In February 1978, McNamara died of a barbiturate overdose at the age of 49.
Nicholas Brendon is an American actor and writer.
"Space Oddity" became his first top-five entry on the UK Singles Chart after its release in July 1969.
Pankhurst, her daughters, and other WSPU activists received repeated prison sentences, where they staged hunger strikes to secure better conditions.
In 2002, Marr took over as host of BBC Radio 4's long-running Start the Week Monday morning discussion programme .
Sally Kirkland is an American film and television actress.
Matthias Flacius Illyricus was a Lutheran reformer from Istria, present day Croatia.
During a time in Mexico he was influenced by hearing of the execution squads established by Porfirio Díaz, and became a supporter of Emiliano Zapata.
María Cristina Estela Marcela Jurado García, better known as Katy Jurado, was a Mexican film, stage and television actress.
Stobart married Nora Boyd on 26 December 1951 and they live in Cumbria.
He is a worldwide speaker and is often interviewed and quoted in the press for his vision on the future of broadband.
In 1970, the container shipping companies HAPAG and North German Lloyd merged into Hapag-Lloyd AG to form one of the world's biggest container shipping companies.
She moved from California to New York, and having no kindergarten work on hand, devoted herself to literature.
Afterwards, Andrić's works found an international audience and were translated into a number of languages.
Qian Zhongshu was a Chinese literary scholar and writer, known for his wit and erudition.
In 2013, he received a Golden Globe nomination for his role in Showtime's television drama Masters of Sex.
During a 1938 health checkup, doctors discovered that she was suffering from multiple myeloma.
Romy Schneider was a film actress born in Vienna who held German and French citizenship.
Harvey Keitel is an American actor and producer.
On April 7, 2017, Shakur was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
André, Baron Delvaux was a Belgian film director and widely regarded as the founder of the Belgian national cinema.
Craven also directed all four films in the Scream series and two films in the Hills Have Eyes series.
Some biographers allege that here he was recruited into a British intelligence agency, further suggesting that he remained a spy throughout his life.
Stone first drew attention for her role in the miniseries War and Remembrance and early mainstream prominence followed with her part in Paul Verhoeven's Total Recall.
Zitkála-Šá, also known by the missionary-given name Gertrude Simmons Bonnin, was a Sioux writer, editor, musician, teacher and political activist.
Janet Leigh was an American actress, singer, dancer and author.
From 2011 to 2017, he starred as Mike Baxter in the TV series Last Man Standing.
He is best known as the voice of cartoon characters Popeye the Sailor and Felix the Cat.
Seton also influenced Lord Baden-Powell, the founder of Scouting.
Richard Burton, CBE was a Welsh actor who was noted for his mellifluous baritone voice.
He is one of 33 people to have three stars on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, in the categories of motion pictures, radio, and audio recording.
Leslie H. "Les" Wexner is an American businessman.
Pevsner is best known for his 46-volume series of county-by-county guides, The Buildings of England, often simply referred to by his surname.
His critics, including his own son Ronald DeWolf, have characterized him as a liar, a charlatan, and mentally unstable, though DeWolf later repudiated those statements.
He has developed a number of television series, including Hill Street Blues, L.A. Law, Doogie Howser, M.D.
He has been listed in the 2012 Guinness World Records as the highest paid actor, with earnings of $75 million.
He dominated the conference and imposed his vision of post-war financial institutions over the objections of John Maynard Keynes, the British representative.
Carol Creighton Burnett is an American actress, comedienne, singer and writer, whose career spans six decades of television.
Bridget Moynahan is an American actress and model.
She released her debut single "Yakusoku wa Iranai" in collaboration with Yoko Kanno under Victor Entertainment on April 24, 1996.
In 1920 he established the Abbey of Thelema, a religious commune in Cefalù, Sicily where he lived with various followers.
Born at the Alehouse in Harrow Corner, Southwark, he was the son of the rich brewer Ralph Thrale and Mary Thrale.
John Alva Keel, born Alva John Kiehle was an American journalist and influential UFOlogist who is best known as author of The Mothman Prophecies.
As his father was absent and his mother struggled financially, he was sent to a workhouse twice before the age of nine.
Jackman also hosted the 81st Academy Awards on 22 February 2009.
Asteroid 12561 Howard is named after him.
His second feature The Devil was banned in Poland, and Żuławski went to France.
Alexis Denisof is an American actor who is primarily known for playing Wesley Wyndam-Pryce in the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer and its spin-off Angel.
Howard William Cosell was an American sports journalist who was widely known for his blustery, cocksure personality.
Gomez-Preston has appeared in numerous shows, films, and music videos.
When he learned that the judge changed his mind and planned to reject the plea bargain, he fled to Paris before sentencing.
Nachtwey has worked with Time as a contract photographer since 1984.
He was assassinated in a bomb attack in Najaf in 2003.
She has achieved success on stage, television and film in varying genres including dramatic and comedy roles.
As a suffragist, she took a moderate line, but was a tireless campaigner.
Hungary has issued a stamp and a gold coin in his honor.
He became a fugitive after leading an ambush of Oakland police officers, during which two officers were wounded.
Isabelle Yasmina Adjani is a French film actress and singer.
Since 2003, Weir's productivity has sharply declined, having directed only one subsequent feature, the critically successful but financial flop The Way Back.
Following the war, Boone worked as a surveyor and merchant, but fell deeply into debt through failed Kentucky land speculation.
Currently Davis is the chief creative officer of Sony Music Entertainment.
SEC was subsequently acquired by Data General Corporation, where Mundie later became director of its advanced development facility in Research Triangle Park, North Carolina.
She is also known as the "Grand Woman of the Revolution" and the "Mother of Balintawak" for her contributions.
She successfully traded on her glamorous persona and "exotic" looks, and became one of the highest-paid actresses of the era.
He made $500,000 off the baseball team alone.
His production company, 40 Acres and a Mule Filmworks, has produced over 35 films since 1983.
Their comedy act, known as "Frawley and Louise", continued until their divorce in 1927.
In 2015 Mckellar was cast in the Netflix original series Project Mc2.
Among the classics Wilder created in this period are the farces The Seven Year Itch and Some Like It Hot, and satires such as The Apartment.
Victoria Davey Spelling is an American actress, television personality, socialite and author.
In April 1962, he collapsed in the middle of an art class after complaining of head pains.
He was born in the rural community of Watonga, Oklahoma, and a street in that town is named in his honor.
In virtually every film that includes the main trio of the Marx Brothers, Chico is seen working with Harpo Marx, usually as partners in crime.
Andrea Lynn Evans) is an American actress.
Magnus Magnusson, KBE was an Icelandic journalist, translator, writer and television presenter.
René Wellek was born and raised in Vienna, speaking Czech and German.
Largely influenced by American pragmatic liberalism, he campaigned in favor of free expression and utterly despised the rise of both fascism and communism in Europe.
Sarah DeRemer Knauss was an American supercentenarian.
Stephen John Coogan is an English actor, stand-up comedian, impressionist, screenwriter, and producer.
His first world record was 137 meters.
In this way, he reached many in the evangelical community from the Baby Boomer generation during their teen years and years of young adulthood.
Malick's films have been noted for exploring themes such as individual transcendence, nature, and conflicts between reason and instinct.
Betty Compson was an American actress and film producer.
Verónica Castro, full name Verónica Judith Sáenz-Castro Alba, is a Mexican actress and entertainer.
It also included two other villages until 2004, when they were split off to form Șandra Commune.
Milton Teagle "Richard" Simmons is an American fitness guru, actor, and comedian.
Caine is ranked as the twelfth highest grossing box office star.
Polanski's first feature-length film, Knife in the Water, made in Poland, was nominated for a United States Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
Her research interests are feminism, African-American studies, critical theory, Marxism, popular music, social consciousness, and the philosophy and history of punishment and prisons.
Benjamin Geza Affleck-Boldt, better known as Ben Affleck, is an American actor and filmmaker.
Iwasaki Yatarō was a Japanese financier and shipping industrialist, and the founder of Mitsubishi.
She appeared in 36 films and 17 television productions between 1948 and 1990.
Shortly after and at the same time his studies he worked as an announcer on radio station WIAC.
She achieved notoriety in the mid-1980s after authorities discovered that she was underage when she posed nude and appeared in numerous pornographic films.
After retiring in 1946, he refocused his attention on Sudanese archaeology and wrote several further books prior to his death.
Moses' projects were considered by many to be necessary for the region's development after the Great Depression.
AllMusic has called him one of hip-hop's best and most controversial artists, as well as "one of rap's greatest storytellers".
TIME magazine named Hillary one of the 100 most influential people of the 20th century.
Gray achieved renown for his monologue Swimming to Cambodia, which he adapted as a 1987 film in which he starred; it was directed by Jonathan Demme.
Henry Ross Perot is an American business magnate and former politician.
He spiritually purified both places as well as physically sanctifying the houses of worship.
Judi Bari was an American environmentalist and labor leader, a feminist, and the principal organizer of Earth First!
His acting career began in the Focus Theatre before he joined London's Royal Court Theatre in 1979.
Approximately 4 million people have attended his live seminars.
In addition, Noda is part of the Hinata Girls and she is best known for her work in the Love Hina anime series.
It would be the first of 22 workout videos released by her over the next 13 years which would collectively sell over 17 million copies.
Packer is the son of the media mogul Kerry Packer and his philanthropist wife, Ros.
The Sarah Siddons Society continues to present the Sarah Siddons Award in Chicago every year to a prominent actress.
Ethelbert William Bullinger AKC was an Anglican clergyman, Biblical scholar, and ultradispensationalist theologian.
Sangharakshita considered Dhardo Rinpoche to be a living bodhisattva and he is still revered as such in the Triratna Community.
Grundtvig and his followers are credited with being very influential in the formulation of modern Danish national consciousness.
For her role on Coronation Street, she received the Special Recognition Award at the 1995 National Television Awards.
Bowdler also published several other works, some reflecting his interest in and knowledge of continental Europe.
William G. "Bill" Ouchi is an American professor and author in the field of business management.
He is known for his quote in Marathi, "स्वराज्य हा माझा जन्मसिद्ध हक्क आहे आणि तो मी मिळवणारच" in India.
She was named to the International Best Dressed List Hall of Fame in 1964.
McMahon is a fourth-generation wrestling promoter as a member of the McMahon family.
and played one of her few leading roles in the John Huston-directed film, Moulin Rouge.
Whitefield received widespread recognition during his ministry; he preached at least 18,000 times to perhaps 10 million listeners in Great Britain and the American colonies.
Many historians and scholars regard Leonardo as the prime exemplar of the "Universal Genius" or "Renaissance Man", an individual of "unquenchable curiosity" and "feverishly inventive imagination".
She is also known for her films The Seduction of Mimi, Love and Anarchy and Swept Away.
Dame Katherine Patricia Routledge, DBE, professionally Patricia Routledge, is an English actress and singer.
Jane Mallory Birkin, OBE is an English and French actress, singer, and songwriter based in France.
Adalberto Rodríguez, better known as Machuchal, was a Puerto Rican comedian.
Leary believed that LSD showed potential for therapeutic use in psychiatry.
Katrin Juliet Cartlidge was an English actress.
She remained with the series for its entire five-year run.
Kido Takayoshi, also referred as Kido Kōin was a Japanese statesman during the Late Tokugawa shogunate and the Meiji Restoration.
The method of hypnosis used by Faria is command, following expectancy.
In 1939, he became Yugoslavia's ambassador to Germany, but his tenure ended in April 1941 with the German-led invasion of his country.
At the time of his death, Packer was the richest and one of the most influential men in Australia.
After appearing with the Metropolitan Opera beginning in 1918, later appearing opposite Enrico Caruso, she acted on Broadway, creating the title role in Rose-Marie.
He was subsequently placed under house arrest by the British before escaping from India in 1940.
Having always been fascinated with the United States, Jennings became a naturalized United States citizen in 2003.
After moving to San Diego in 1992, Hoppus' sister introduced him to Tom DeLonge, and together with drummer Scott Raynor, they formed the band Blink-182.
Kurzweil speaks widely to audiences both public and private and regularly delivers keynote speeches at industry conferences like DEMO, SXSW and TED.
Her breakthrough single, "Complicated", peaked at number 1 in many countries around the world, as did the album Let Go.
He did not give up the plan because of this setback.
Alexander "Alex" Proyas is an Australian film director, screenwriter, and producer.
Harry Kendall Thaw was the son of Pittsburgh coal and railroad baron William Thaw, Sr.
His most significant dramatic part came in 1968 when he starred in the true-life drama The Boston Strangler, which some consider his last major film role.
In 2006, Asha Bhosle stated that she had sung over 12,000 songs, a figure repeated by several other sources.
In 1975, Gates and Paul Allen launched Microsoft, which became the world's largest PC software company.
On June 6, 2013, Kidjo was elected vice-president of the Confédération Internationale des Sociétés d´Auteurs et Compositeurs.
Andrew M. Greeley was an American Roman Catholic priest, sociologist, journalist and popular novelist.
Carazo had a record of 25 wins and 9 losses, with 19 wins by knockout.
The characterization he portrayed in films and on radio was so strong it was generally identified with Fields himself.
He believed that independent universities, as centres of critical thought, were essential to the survival of Western civilization.
He was called Ludwig or Brother Ludwig by his intimates.
However, before the verdict was announced, Ward took an overdose of sleeping pills and died three days later.
He is best known for his role as Mario Ruoppolo in the 1994 film Il Postino.
Anne Spencer Lindbergh was an American author, aviator, and the wife of aviator Charles Lindbergh.
He deserves, perhaps, for his collections of songs, fairy tales, and riddles, to be called the father of the study of Serbian folklore.
She served as the president of the toy manufacturer Mattel Inc., and is best remembered for inventing the Barbie doll.
As a podcaster, Smith co-hosts several shows on his own SModcast Podcast Network, including SModcast, Fatman on Batman, and the live show Hollywood Babble-On.
The album was also based on a film that Miller produced, which came out earlier that year with the same name.
In 1964 he began to lecture in Anatolian archaeology in Ankara.
Willie Aames is an American actor, film and television director, television producer, and screenwriter.
He cooperated with various universities to run the academic sea programme with the Institute of Shipboard Education entitled Semester at Sea.
Charles Wagner was allegedly apprenticed to O'Reilly and later assumed ownership of his #11 Chatham Square shop.
McKellen's career spans genres ranging from Shakespearean and modern theatre to popular fantasy and science fiction.
She is currently starring as Eve Baird in The Librarians.
He did his studies at ETH Zurich, obtaining an M.S.
But by his later years, his name had become a by-word for foolish pedantry.
This allows a flexible application that can change and evolve easily.
He was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actor for playing artist Jackson Pollock in his directorial debut Pollock.
The band used this name for a while until Lennon decided to change the name to "the Beatles", from the word beat.
In 2017, Rolling Stone magazine ranked him second on its list of the 50 best stand-up comics of all time.
In his drawing, McCay made bold, prodigious use of linear perspective, particularly in detailed architecture and cityscapes.
In 2003, she revisited her first Broadway success, this time as a stage director, with a revival of The Boy Friend.
Critics have accused him of being obsessed with sexuality and the Catholic Church.
For her contributions to the motion picture industry, she received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
He joined the New York Herald in 1903, where he created popular comic strips such as Little Sammy Sneeze and Dream of the Rarebit Fiend.
At the end of 2014, he was said to be worth about $500 million.
She later acted in We're Not Married!
On stage, she was best known for her interpretations of Laura Wingfield in The Glass Menagerie and Emily Webb in Our Town.
At the time of his birth he was 9th in the line of the succession to succeed Queen Elizabeth II and is currently 25th.
In 1946, he received an Honorary Academy Award for his distinguished contributions to the art of the motion picture.
In 1948 his dictionary was reissued by Oxford University Press as A Learner's Dictionary of Current English.
A further 63 were girls aged between 13 and 16 and nearly three-quarters of his alleged victims were under 18.
Her other films include 3 Women, Raggedy Man, JFK, Affliction, The Straight Story, Tuck Everlasting, Nine Lives and The Help.
He has acted in both Dutch and English-language TV series and films.
In 1980, he began the Marathon of Hope, a cross-country run to raise money for cancer research.
After his death, Flamel developed a reputation as an alchemist believed to have discovered the Philosopher's Stone and achieved immortality.
Blériot was also the first to make a working, powered, piloted monoplane and was the founder of a successful aircraft manufacturing company.
He was the host of the talk show Geraldo from 1987 to 1998.
His career was destroyed by the payola scandal that hit the broadcasting industry in the early 1960s.
In 2003, Hall was judged to be one of history's ten most influential cinematographers in a survey of the members of the International Cinematographers Guild.
Jorge Raúl Porcel de Peralta was a comedy actor and television host from Argentina.
Weisz's performances also include the 1999 Donmar Warehouse production of Tennessee Williams' Suddenly, Last Summer, and their 2009 revival of A Streetcar Named Desire.
Morris died in her sleep at 1:25 A.M. at the Autumn House Nursing Home in Stone.
He was born in Shibetsu, Hokkaidō on September 8, 1967.
He is perhaps best known as the author of the Brief Lives, his collection of short biographical pieces.
Val Edward Kilmer is an American actor.
Jane Elliot is an American actress, best known for her role as Tracy Quartermaine in the ABC daytime soap opera, General Hospital.
He had a glittering career, and acquired enormous wealth.
Mel Colmcille Gerard Gibson AO is an American actor and filmmaker.
He won an Edgar Award for A Talent for Murder, a play he co-wrote with Jerome Chodorov.
His compositions are sometimes referred to as "childhood songs" because they have been included in the music curriculum of early education.
Solomon Thekisho Plaatje was a South African intellectual, journalist, linguist, politician, translator and writer.
Mathilde Roth Schechter was the American founder of the U.S. National Women's League of Conservative Judaism in 1918.
Madeleine Marie Stowe is an American actress.
Randi retired from practicing magic aged 60, and from the JREF aged 87.
Legends began to surround Kelley shortly after his death.
He is best known for playing Captain Mainwaring in the British sitcom Dad's Army from 1968 until 1977.
His next series, Dragon Ball, would become one of the most popular and successful manga in the world.
However, their marriage was fractured, due in part to Omdahl's drug use.
Thomas William "Tom" Selleck is an American actor and film producer.
Mowry is the brother of identical twins Tia Mowry and Tamera Mowry.
Following Raynor and DeLonge's departures from the band in 1998 and 2015, respectively, Hoppus is now the only remaining founding member of Blink-182.
In 1907, he and George Cecil Jones co-founded a Thelemite order, the A∴A∴, through which they propagated the religion.
He is best remembered for his racing seaplanes, which culminated in the Supermarine S.6B, and the iconic Second World War fighter, the Supermarine Spitfire.
After Burr's death from cancer in 1993, his personal life came into question, as many details of his known biography appeared to be unverifiable.
She also played male roles, including Shakespeare's Hamlet.
He followed with The Godfather Part II in 1974, which became the first sequel to win the Academy Award for Best Picture.
From 2006 to 2011, he co-starred in the Disney Channel series Hannah Montana with his daughter Miley Cyrus.
Following her breakthrough, she won the BIFA Award for Best Supporting Actress for The Libertine and portrayed Jane Bennet in Pride & Prejudice.
In 2005, she returned to stand-up comedy with a world tour.
Meanwhile, Lynch embraced the Internet as a medium, producing several web-based shows, such as the animated DumbLand and the surreal sitcom Rabbits.
Case grew up in Olathe, Kansas and later attended University of Kansas.
Heston died on April 5, 2008, aged 84, from pneumonia.
In 1961, the Nobel Committee awarded him the Nobel Prize in Literature, selecting him over writers such as J.R.R.
She is best known for using her vast fortune to continue construction on the San Jose mansion for 38 consecutive years.
Philip James Bailey was an English Spasmodic poet, best known as the author of Festus.
Dominick Napolitano, also known as Sonny Black, was an American Mafia caporegime in the Bonanno crime family.
Donald Moffitt was an American author who wrote a number of science fiction novels.
Andrew Lesnie ACS ASC was an Australian cinematographer.
In 1952, Holliday was called to testify before the Senate Internal Security Subcommittee to answer claims she was associated with communism.
Robert Quinlan "Bob" Costas is an American sportscaster, on the air for NBC Sports television since the early 1980s.
Kylie Ann Minogue, OBE, often known simply as Kylie, is an Australian singer, songwriter, dancer and actress.
Whitman won the Republican primary in June 2010.
She has won the BAFTA TV Award for Best Actress four times, for My Beautiful Son, Murder, The Canterbury Tales and as Mo Mowlam in Mo.
Anna Pavlovna Pavlova Павлова; February 12 [O.S.
Benjamin "Ben" Schumacher is an American theoretical physicist, working mostly in the field of quantum information theory.
John Sculley III is an American businessman, entrepreneur and investor in high-tech startups.
His inventions include the differential gear and the perfection of the bicycle chain drive.
In the early 1960s, he made eight films, including Can-Can in 1960 and Fanny the following year.
Tissue samples from her tumors were taken without consent during treatment and these samples were then subsequently cultured into the HeLa cell line.
He died when the plane crashed into a field in Stonycreek Township near Shanksville, Pennsylvania.
He today is remembered mostly as the author of The Adventures of Telemachus, first published in 1699.
William Fox, known professionally as James Fox, is an English actor.
He was also involved in the creation of Star Trek: Deep Space Nine and Beggars and Choosers.
During his lifetime, his record sales, estimated at 140 million albums worldwide, made him one of the world's best-selling music artists.
Jenner, Andrew King and the original four members of Pink Floyd were partners in Blackhill Enterprises.
Stanislaus Pascal Franchot Tone, known as Franchot Tone, was an American stage, film, and television actor.
He is of Colombian and Hungarian descent.
His nickname came from a stage routine, in which he declared himself to be "Sweet Poppa Pigmeat".
Rossellini also received a Golden Globe Award nomination for her performance in Crime of the Century.
Svetlana Iosifovna Alliluyeva, later known as Lana Peters, was the youngest child and only daughter of Soviet Premier Joseph Stalin and Nadezhda Alliluyeva, Stalin's second wife.
She has 114,000,000 total views in YouTube.
Some consider him the true founder and a principal source of the most characteristic beliefs of the New Age movement.
Conrad Lafcadio Hall, ASC was an American cinematographer from Papeete, Tahiti, French Polynesia.
Rogers was successful during the Golden Age of Hollywood, and is often considered an American icon.
Bruce Lorne Campbell is an American actor, producer, writer, comedian and director.
Fedora, based on Victorien Sardou's play, featured a rising young tenor named Enrico Caruso.
David Robert Joseph Beckham, OBE is an English former professional footballer.
In 1999, the American Film Institute ranked him eighth among its list of greatest male stars of Classic Hollywood Cinema.
When he returned to Finland, in 1920, he became a teacher in Helsinki University Hospital.
In 1525 he joined the Pizarro brothers and Hernándo de Luque at Panama for the conquest of Peru.
It is her first leading role in a Broadway musical.
Rebecka Månstråle Liljeberg is a Swedish former actress best known for her performance in Swedish film Show Me Love.
The SAG-AFTRA records also show him as Frank "Buddy" Ebsen.
Hawaiian Pineapple Company, or HAPCO, was later reorganized to become the Dole Food Company, which now does business in over 90 countries.
Anna Karina is a Danish-French film actress, director and screenwriter who has spent most of her working life in France.
In 2005, while Minogue was on her Showgirl: The Greatest Hits Tour, she was diagnosed with breast cancer.
Since 2016, she has starred as Carlotta Brown in the musical drama series Star.
His subsequent albums, Lights Out and 500 Degreez, went on to be certified gold.
Her other nominations were for Julia, The China Syndrome, On Golden Pond and The Morning After.
In a 2005 poll to find The Comedian's Comedian, he was in the top 50 comedy acts voted for by comedians and comedy insiders.
She started the first free kindergarten in San Francisco in 1878.
Ross was named the "Female Entertainer of the Century" by Billboard magazine.
For The People vs. Larry Flynt and The Messenger, Harrelson earned Academy Award nominations for Best Actor and Best Supporting Actor, respectively.
The hearings did document Lattimore's sympathetic statements about Stalin and the Soviet Union, however.
He immediately began preaching, but he did not settle as the minister of any parish.
Marie Magdalene "Marlene" Dietrich was a German actress and singer who held both German and American citizenship.
After an unsuccessful period through the 1950s, Rogers made a successful return to Broadway in 1965, playing the lead role in Hello, Dolly!.
Between 1964 and 1968, she was nominated for three Academy Awards.
He also writes weekly columns for The Sunday Times and The Sun.
He was also a diplomat, who helped to prevent European intervention on the side of the Confederates in the American Civil War.
He lived most of his remaining five years in a university building in San Francisco.
He was one of the correspondents to whom Gilbert White wrote extensively on natural history topics.
Norman Kaye Panama was an American screenwriter and film director born in Chicago, Illinois.
Although Monroe's death was ruled a probable suicide, several conspiracy theories have been proposed in the decades following her death.
Grint co-starred with Bill Nighy and Emily Blunt in Wild Target, a comedy.
She is often referred to as "The First Movie Star", and was the first film actor to be named publicly.
He was taken in by anthropologists at the University of California, Berkeley, who both studied him and hired him as a research assistant.
He has also been awarded the BAFTA Award for Best Film not in the English Language as one of the producers of Pan's Labyrinth.
It ranked 43 weeks in the top 10, a total topped by only one country album in history, Ropin' the Wind by Garth Brooks.
He was born and raised in Pennsylvania, where his family was involved in civil rights work.
Kramer was recognized for his fierce independence as a producer-director, with author Victor Navasky writing that "among the independents .
She then embarked upon a career as a freelance journalist, writing for a number of newspapers and magazines.
I Did It Again, became international successes, with the former becoming the best-selling album by a teenage solo artist.
He then moved to Norway but moved back to the United States in June 2007.
Sullavan began her career onstage in 1929.
He sits on the board of directors of Facebook, eBay, and Hewlett Packard Enterprise, among others.
He was known for his romantic swashbuckler roles in Hollywood films, as well as frequent partnerships with Olivia De Havilland.
She later acted on Broadway and in Hollywood, and stage directed, both on and off-Broadway.
These works, "minor classics" of English literature, are set in the contemporaneous fictional country of Ruritania and spawned the genre known as Ruritanian romance.
Among his most notable films are A Place in the Sun, Shane, Giant, and The Diary of Anne Frank.
At the beginning of 2015 Paulina released a new single "Mi nuevo Vicio", with the collaboration of the young band Morato.
Although the United States is a signatory member of Interpol, Watson has not been detained for extradition to Japan or Costa Rica.
He has won two Golden Globe Awards, a Primetime Emmy Award and four Screen Actors Guild Awards.
The New York City draft riots occurred during his tenure.
She was born in Paris and moved with her family to Washington, DC, in 1966.
In addition, the court found that Irving's books had distorted the history of Adolf Hitler's role in the Holocaust to depict Hitler in a favourable light.
She performed onstage in her native Argentina, where she had a long and successful career.
On the way, the car was stopped by two men on a motorbike, who then shot Bartolini.
Alan Sidney Patrick Rickman was an English actor and director known for playing a variety of roles on stage and on screen.
Born and raised in Melbourne, Australia, Minogue has worked and lived in the United Kingdom since the 1990s.
After appearing in only the first season, Fawcett decided to leave the show which led to legal disputes.
She released her first Spanish language album Mi Plan in 2009 which won her a Latin Grammy Award for Best Female Pop Vocal Album.
Boortz attended night law school, earning a law degree in 1977.
He also co-wrote the 1985 charity single "We Are the World" with Michael Jackson, which sold over 20 million copies.
Marriage and family, especially the relationships between the generations, are prominent themes in Ozu's work.
One of the best-known émigrés from Germany's school of Expressionism, he was dubbed the "Master of Darkness" by the British Film Institute.
He was prominent in many reforms, especially in the areas of medicine and education.
Dr Alexander Barclay was an English/Scottish poet.
She continues to be considered a major popular culture icon.
Thomas Gaisford was an English classical scholar and clergyman.
She began life in Ireland as Edris Stannus.
Winifred Jacqueline Fraser Bisset is an English actress.
After breaking with his scriptwriters Ray Galton and Alan Simpson later that year, his career took a downward course.
He has collaborated with a range of artists, including David Sylvian, Carsten Nicolai, Youssou N'Dour, and Fennesz.
After leaving Menudo, he formed Proyecto M with Rene Farrait and Xavier Serbiá, who were Menudo alumni as well.
He studied at Columbia University, and was the author of the influential book, Making a Poem.
She was the only woman awarded the Iron Cross First Class and the Luftwaffe Pilot/Observer Badge in Gold with Diamonds during World War II.
He returned to Romania just before his death in 1950.
Iris Chacón Tapia is a Puerto Rican dancer, singer, and entertainer.
Before 1939, Wellek published some 60 items, all written in Czech.
At its peak, the cartoon was carried in 250 weekly newspapers.
She assumed creative control for her fourth studio album, Stripped, which produced "Dirrty", "Beautiful", and "Fighter".
Eventually settling in Hollywood, he later became a featured player in many Hollywood crime and mystery films.
Serbiá also hosted a Spanish version of Remote Control, named Control Remoto, for three months on Puerto Rican television's WAPA-TV during 1989.
Menzel was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film again in 1986 with his dark comedy My Sweet Little Village.
He hosted the sports quiz They Think It's All Over for 10 years.
Her television work includes roles on Fantasy Island, and a recurring part as Charlotte Devane in the soap opera All My Children in 2000.
Of the conspirators, only Booth was completely successful in carrying out his part of the plot.
In June 1928, while taking part in a rescue mission for the airship Italia, the plane he was in disappeared.
In addition, she has been nominated for four Tonys, fourteen Emmys, thirteen Golden Globes, two Drama Desk Awards and eight Screen Actors Guild Awards.
Earlier, he played a role in the founding of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem in Israel, and was a psychiatrist and psychoanalyst.
Her husband insisted on continuing their collaboration, though he was discouraged from doing so by the institutions that employed him.
He also became noted for songs of social commentary, including the 1968 hit "Say It Loud – I'm Black and I'm Proud".
Her career was cut short by multiple sclerosis, which forced her to stop performing at the age of 27.
For Theodor Benfey who developed a spiral periodic table of the elements in 1964, see Alternative periodic tables.
His views on these subjects have been supported by some neo-conservatives and sometimes criticized by academics.
It was credited, uncritically, well into the 16th century, but is now considered historically unreliable.
Additionally, he is a regular political commentator on CNN.
He was one of Britain's top-rated entertainers, regularly appearing on television from the 1960s to the 1980s.
William George Rushton was an English cartoonist, satirist, comedian, actor and performer who co-founded the satirical magazine Private Eye.
In addition, he serves as vice-president for the Global Center for Guidance and Renewal, which was founded and is currently presided over by Abdallah bin Bayyah.
She worked as a teacher before completing a masters in Old Irish.
Throughout her career, Montgomery was involved in various forms of political activism and charitable work.
Boyle's 2008 film Slumdog Millionaire was nominated for ten Academy Awards and won eight, including the Academy Award for Best Director.
Żuławski is also known for his work with actresses including Romy Schneider, Isabelle Adjani and Sophie Marceau.
Tsutomu Shimomura is an American physicist and computer security expert.
Hipparchus of Nicaea was a Greek astronomer, geographer, and mathematician.
He determined the orbits of satellites of other planets and of double stars, the rotation of Saturn, and the mass of Mars.
The album hit number 1 on the Billboard Top 200 chart, selling over 400,000 copies in a week.
At $67 billion, it has been labeled the "highest-valued tech acquisition in history".
Ray Milland was a Welsh actor and director.
Hamilton and her husband have become prominent supporters of the UK Independence Party, with Neil standing for a local council seat in the 2014 local elections.
Born in Leeds, Paxman was educated at Malvern College and St Catharine's College, Cambridge, where he edited the undergraduate newspaper Varsity.
The Godfather was then one of the most commercially successful films of all time.
He is a Vedic teacher, Vaidya, and a Jyotishi.
Mead was a respected and often controversial academic who popularized the insights of anthropology in modern American and Western culture.
Thelma Ritter was an American actress, best known for her comedic roles as working class characters and her strong New York accent.
In 1528, Piri Reis drew a second world map, of which a small fragment still survives.
Richard Avedon featured her in Revlon's "Most Unforgettable Women in the World" advertisements.
Doherty says that Paul thought of Jesus as a spiritual being executed in a spiritual realm.
He was declared an Australian Living Treasure by the National Trust of Australia in 1999.
Rustin became the head of the AFL–CIO's A. Philip Randolph Institute, which promoted the integration of formerly all-white unions and promoted the unionization of African Americans.
Francis Fredrick von Taschlein, better known by his stage name Frank Tashlin, was an American animator, screenwriter, and film director.
The name Hagar originates from the Book of Genesis, and is only alluded to in the Quran.
Norman Antony "Tony" Hart was an English artist and children's television presenter.
He was the recipient of the $500,000 Lemelson-MIT Prize for 2001, the world's largest for innovation.
He continued this eclectic and experimental approach, irrespective of whether the fundamental format was rock, jazz or classical.
Peta Gia Wilson is an Australian actress, lingerie designer and model.
Day-Lewis announced his retirement in 2017, following the completion of his acting role in Phantom Thread.
The show was called The Pee-wee Herman Show and it ran for five sold-out months with HBO producing a successful special about it.
Lalla Ward is an English actress and author.
Edward Estlin "E. E." Cummings, often styled as e e cummings, was an American poet, painter, essayist, author, and playwright.
He is the Chief Executive of digital lending start-up Affirm.
Eleven of his forty plays survive virtually complete.
He was well known abroad and familiar to Jacob Grimm, Johann Wolfgang von Goethe and historian Leopold von Ranke.
Despite the loss of human lives and ships, Cabral's voyage was deemed a success upon his return to Portugal.
Upon completion of his post graduation in management, he started his career as a consultant.
Gershwin's compositions have been adapted for use in many films and for television, and several became jazz standards recorded in many variations.
At the age of 34, after years of struggling with poverty and substance abuse, Plato died from an overdose of prescription drugs.
This social history was largely based on his own observations as a young reporter in the city.
She had a string of additional box-office successes in the early 1990s, including A Few Good Men, Indecent Proposal, and Disclosure.
In his scientific experiments, he prospected for various ores, wove asbestos, calculated temperatures, and worked with static electricity.
Jørgen Skafte Rasmussen was a Danish engineer and industrialist.
Garriott founded a new video game development company in 2009, called Portalarium.
Influenced by R&B, 1970s soul, and 1980s hip hop, Badu became associated with the neo soul subgenre in the 1990s along with artists like D'Angelo.
He repudiated the Nation of Islam, disavowed racism and founded Muslim Mosque, Inc. and the Organization of Afro-American Unity.
Bachchan is widely regarded as one of the greatest and most influential actors in the history of Indian cinema.
While a French citizen, Marie Skłodowska Curie never lost her sense of Polish identity.
Comic strips dealt with northern urban experiences until the year Capp introduced "Li'l Abner," the first strip based in the South.
He presented his work to his peers for the first time in 1824.
In 1939 he moved to the United States and became an American citizen in 1946.
Robert Owen was a Welsh social reformer and one of the founders of utopian socialism and the cooperative movement.
Selena and her guitarist, Chris Pérez, eloped in April 1992 after her father raised concerns over their relationship.
After playing with a local band, the Beachcombers, he joined the Who in 1964 before they recorded their first single.
After their marriage, Nezahualcoyotl, tlatoani of Texcoco, fell in love with Azcalxóchitzin and sent Cuacuauhtzin to the war against Tlaxcala.
Charles Edward Springall, known professionally as Charlie Drake, was an English comedian, actor, writer and singer.
He claimed he took five hours a day to dress, and recommended that boots be polished with champagne.
His major work, the Gutenberg Bible, has been acclaimed for its high aesthetic and technical quality.
Guus Kouwenhoven is a Dutch arms dealer who worked in Liberia during the presidency of Charles Taylor.
In 1976 Elfman entered the film industry as an actor.
William George "Billy" Zane, Jr. is an American actor and producer.
Adam Resnick is an American comedy writer from Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.
Having developed major differences with her parents and her husband alike, the teenage Phoolan sought escape by running away and joining a gang of bandits.
In 1894 Quidde published a 17-page pamphlet entitled Caligula.
In 1819, when he was fourteen years old, Nickerson served as cabin boy on the whaleship Essex.
She supported the governments of the Soviet Bloc for several decades.
John Lothrop Motley was an American author, best known for his two popular histories The Rise of the Dutch Republic and The United Netherlands.
James Francis Cagney Jr. was an American actor and dancer, both on stage and in film, though he had his greatest impact in film.
Shawn Fanning is an American computer programmer, entrepreneur, and angel investor.
John Edward McGee, Jr., known professionally as John Edward, is an American television personality, author and alleged psychic medium.
He was rapidly promoted, and became corporate president in 1933.
She became the first South American to be honored with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
She subsequently earned critical acclaim for her performances in films such as Silkwood, Mask, and Moonstruck, for which she won the Academy Award for Best Actress.
In 2014 he produced and starred as Bobby Fischer in Pawn Sacrifice.
He remains the only person to set both world land and water speed records in the same year.
Besides his theological activities, Harnack was a distinguished organizer of sciences.
Walker appointed him to the Children's Court where he sat for many years.
Since January 2010, he has been a Visiting Fellow at the Reuters Institute for the Study of Journalism at the University of Oxford.
Pierre Brossolette was a French journalist, a leading left-wing politician, and a major hero of the French Resistance.
He was one of Walt Disney's team of animators, known as Disney's Nine Old Men.
He shared the prize with Emily Balch.
She is married to Democratic political consultant James Carville.
He can also be considered as one of the precursors of world-systems theory.
In 1928 the Baird Television Development Company achieved the first transatlantic television transmission.
His comic timing and delivery made Grant what Premiere magazine considers to have been "quite simply, the funniest actor cinema has ever produced".
Ice-T encountered controversy over his track "Cop Killer", which was perceived to glamorize killing police officers.
Huugo Kalervo Palsa, or Kalle, was a Finnish artist in a style that has been described as fantastic realism.
In 1954, he joined the editorial board of New Age, a prominent leftist newspaper.
Keira Christina Knightley is an English actress.
Richard Joseph was a British computer game composer, musician and sound specialist.
Motion pictures in which he has starred have grossed over $10.6 billion.
Zebulon Montgomery Pike was an American brigadier general and explorer for whom Pikes Peak in Colorado was renamed.
Langlois was co-founder of the Cinémathèque Française with Georges Franju and Jean Mitry and also co-founder of the International Federation of Film Archives in 1938.
Since the siege proved ineffective at stopping the Jewish revolt, the city's destruction and the looting and destruction of Herod's Temple soon followed.
Roberto Dean "Bob" Silva Burnquistˈkwistʃ], born October 10, 1976) is a Brazilian-American professional skateboarder.
One source notes that by his accomplishments at Intel alone, he "merits a place alongside the great business leaders of the 20th century."
Among his most famous works are Trouble in Paradise, Ninotchka, The Shop Around the Corner and To Be or Not to Be.
Julie Deborah Kavner is an American film and television actress, voice actress and comedian.
As of 2008, Sharon and Ozzy Osbourne, were ranked as the 724th richest people in Britain with an estimated joint wealth of £110 million.
This helped bring Cook to the attention of the Admiralty and Royal Society.
Clement Martyn Doke was a South African linguist working mainly on African languages.
In 2002, O'Toole was awarded the Academy Honorary Award for his career achievements.
U.S. President Bill Clinton credited Zamora with personalizing and humanizing those living with HIV—especially to Latino communities—with his activism, including his testimony before Congress.
Her other film roles include La Belle Noiseuse, A Heart in Winter, Nelly and Mr. Arnaud, Mission: Impossible and 8 Women.
Anita Faye Hill is an American attorney and academic.
He found investors for what became the Central Pacific Railroad.
She worked for the RIAA for 16 years, including as chief executive officer from 1998 to 2003.
The historical tragedy The Sign of the Cross was Barrett's most successful play, both in England and in the United States.
Her fame increased when she married William Powell in 1931, but the pair divorced two years later.
Burnett created many memorable characters during the show's run, and both she and the show won numerous Emmy and Golden Globe Awards.
Donald Thomas "Don" Evans was an African-American playwright, theatre director, actor and educator.
As of February 2017, films in which he has starred have grossed over $3.5 billion domestically and over $7.8 billion worldwide.
On stage, he often co-starred with his wife, Anne Jackson, becoming one of the best-known acting couples in the American theater.
He was born in Flushing, Queens, New York, and his family moved to Los Angeles when he was 2.
Ensslin was perhaps the intellectual head of the RAF.
Enrique Martín Morales, commonly known as Ricky Martin, is a Puerto Rican singer, actor, and author.
Moyles has worked at various radio stations, including Radio Luxembourg and Capital FM.
Mileva Marić, sometimes called Mileva Marić-Einstein or Mileva Marić-Ajnštajn, was a Serbian physicist.
By version 1.14 86-DOS had grown to 4,000 lines of assembly code.
Her show moved to Sirius XM Radio's Sirius XM Stars on January 3, 2011.
Other inventions of Morgan's include the development of a chemical for hair-straightening.
He acted in more than 100 films in roles covering a wide range of genres, from light comedy to serious drama.
David T. Dellinger was an influential American radical, a pacifist and activist for nonviolent social change.
The affair and its repercussions, which included Clinton's impeachment, became known as the Lewinsky scandal.
Harald Tveit Alvestrand is a Norwegian computer scientist.
Arrested and sent to prison, he died there in 1779.
It was a calendar filled with cooking recipes, women's suffrage propaganda and short novels and poems.
Whale was openly gay throughout his career, something that was very unusual in the 1920s and 1930s.
During his career he risked his life numerous times, most dramatically as the only photographer landing on Omaha Beach on D-Day.
He preferred large ensemble casts for his films, and developed a multitrack recording technique which produced overlapping dialogue from multiple actors.
She won an Oscar and a Golden Globe and was nominated for a Primetime Emmy.
As of January 2017, these donations have totaled over US$485 million.
Sir Reginald Carey "Rex" Harrison was an English actor of stage and screen.
Fonda made his mark early as a Broadway actor.
In 1992, he received the Andhra Pradesh state Raghupathi Venkaiah Award, and the civilian honor Padma Shri for his contribution to the field of arts.
He is the owner of significant collections of both historic and commercial railway locomotives and rolling stock.
He became her second husband and frequent partner on stage and screen.
He was a supporter of Jacques Pierre Brissot and the Girondist faction.
"It was, by almost any measure, the last great TV show," proclaimed television critic David Hinckley.
He became interested in Gauss through one of his elementary school teachers, Minna Waldeck Gauss Reeves, who was a great-granddaughter of Gauss.
Toward the end of his career, he became associated with playing detectives, including the title character in Tony Rome.
1700, though there are dissenting views on this.
Khosla made his early fortune as one of the co-founders of Sun Microsystems, where he was the founding CEO and chairman in the early 1980s.
Arriving on the continent, Cortés executed a successful strategy of allying with some indigenous people against others.
They became one of Hollywood's most popular romantic on-screen pairings.
He is commemorated in Toronto with Simcoe Day.
The heavy metal follow-up Charlemagne: The Omens of Death was released on 27 May 2013, Lee's 91st birthday.
Sonya Eleonora Smith Jacquet [ˈsonja eleoˈnoɾasmitsmiθ) ʝaˈket] is an American-born Venezuelan actress best known for her roles in telenovelas.
Following his death, his book Cyclopedia of 5000 Puzzles was published by his son.
Recognized as a film and fashion icon, Hepburn was active during Hollywood's Golden Age.
Greatly influenced by visits to Iceland, with Eiríkr Magnússon he produced a series of English-language translations of Icelandic Sagas.
In 1995, both Ridley and his brother Tony received a BAFTA for Outstanding British Contribution To Cinema.
He developed the Pimsleur language learning system, which, along with his many publications, had a significant effect upon theories of language learning and teaching.
Following his ascent of Everest, Hillary devoted most of his life to helping the Sherpa people of Nepal through the Himalayan Trust, which he founded.
and his role in the 1983 film Cujo.
The 1940s were a decade marked with controversy for Chaplin, and his popularity declined rapidly.
She also co-presented the 1977 Carry On compilation That's Carry On!.
She previously received a Drama Desk Award in 1962 for her Off-Broadway performance in Moon on a Rainbow Shawl.
A World War II veteran and college graduate, he became active in the Civil Rights Movement in the 1950s.
He was ranked second in TV Guide's list of the top 25 television stars.
His fourth directorial outing came about through Colors, followed by an Emmy-nominated lead performance in Paris Trout.
So total was his dominance on the movie scene in the 1970s and 1980s that the French director François Truffaut called him a "one-man industry."
His historical biopics on Queen Elizabeth and Elizabeth: The Golden Age) won the BAFTA Award for Best Film and two Academy Awards.
He also directed the psychological horror-thriller Misery, the romantic comedy fantasy adventure The Princess Bride and the heavy metal mockumentary This Is Spinal Tap.
In 2016, she received the Academy Awards Jean Hersholt Humanitarian Award.
With Stuart Piggott and Grahame Clark he co-founded The Prehistoric Society in 1934, becoming its first president.
Jacqueline Harpman was a Belgian writer who wrote in French.
He currently serves as the majority owner, chairman, and CEO of WWE.
As one of the earliest critic-poets, he typifies Hellenistic scholarship.
In 2006, Welch's net worth was estimated at $720 million.
Among his recognizable trademarks were his raspy drawl and grandiloquent vocabulary.
She was married three times, most notably to film producer David O. Selznick.
In 1962, she founded Camp Shriver, which started on her Maryland farm known as Timberlawn, and evolved into Special Olympics in 1968.
Married four times, she was once widowed and three times divorced, and raised her children as a single parent.
Her work based both on her own culinary experience and on 17th century and 18th century memoirs by Polish szlachta.
She studied at Warsaw's clandestine Flying University and began her practical scientific training in Warsaw.
Hanna is married to Adam Horovitz of the Beastie Boys.
Big Top Pee-wee, 1988's sequel, was less successful than its predecessor.
Walters first came to international prominence in 1983, for playing the title role in Educating Rita.
He is venerated as a saint in the Oriental Orthodox Church and his feast day is 31 July.
The house, with modifications, stands on 1-acre and is occupied today.
It was learned some weeks later that he had been killed during an encounter with the Comanche.
The Soviet fighters never received permission to shoot him down, and several times he was mistaken for a friendly aircraft.
William Fiennes, 1st Viscount Saye and Sele was an English nobleman and politician, known also for his involvement in several companies for setting up overseas colonies.
Watson appeared in all eight Harry Potter films from 2001 to 2011, earning worldwide fame, critical accolades, and around $60 million.
Having lost favor with the King, he retired to a private life of which few records survive.
He was also named the best comedian of 2015 in the British GQ Men of the Year awards.
In 2013, he received an Emmy Award nomination for his performance in the miniseries Hatfields & McCoys.
He currently stars as Frank Reynolds on the FX and FXX sitcom It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia.
Mary Elizabeth "Sissy" Spacek is an American actress and singer.
He has been Middle East correspondent intermittently since 1976 for various media; since 1989 he has been correspondent for The Independent, primarily based in Beirut.
Long before most educators, Peabody embraced the premise that children's play has intrinsic developmental and educational value.
Louis Farrakhan Sr. is an American religious leader, African-American activist, and social commentator.
In June 1963 he was charged with immorality offences and committed to trial.
Robert Charles Durman Mitchum was an American film actor, director, author, poet, composer, and singer.
In 1991, Canada Post issued a postage stamp in her honour to commemorate her as the first woman licensed to practise medicine in Canada.
Merrick died on 11 April 1890, aged 27.
An enigmatic figure, he often claimed to have no identity outside the roles that he played.
Nikonov held 44 Copyright Certificates, and was awarded the titles of "The Best Designer of the Company" and "The Best Designer of the Ministry."
Mehta's father was founder of the Bombay Symphony Orchestra, and from him he received his early musical education.
Recently, he worked as the producer of The Possession, and the 2013 remake of Evil Dead.
Last Israeli attempt to kill Deif was in an airstrike on 19 August 2014.
These meetings became so popular that she began offering meetings for men as well, including the young governor of the colony Henry Vane.
Rooney first performed in vaudeville as a child and made his film debut at the age of six.
Alfred Carl Fuller was a Canada-born American businessman.
His personal net worth is estimated to be more than $3 billion.
Avinash C. Kak is a professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering at Purdue University who has done pioneering research in several areas of information processing.
These latter beliefs have led many to cite her as a major early feminist.
He has won fifteen Filmfare Awards and is the most nominated performer in any major acting category at Filmfare, with 41 nominations overall.
Timothy Francis "Tim" Robbins is an American actor, screenwriter, director, producer, activist and musician.
LaVey was the subject of numerous articles in news media throughout the world, including popular magazines such as Look, McCall's, Newsweek, and Time, and men's magazines.
The album has also sold more than 20 million copies worldwide and is the best-selling debut album of all time for a solo male artist.
He returned to WWE part-time from 2011-13 and continues to make sporadic appearances for the company.
"Parents" is the sixth episode of the eighth season of the American television medical drama series House and the 161st overall episode of the series.
In addition, Scales chaired the committee of social activities and was a member of the conference committee.
She is also well known for presenting the BBC One home improvement show Changing Rooms from 1996-2003.
George Colman, known as "the Younger" was an English dramatist and miscellaneous writer.
He also appeared on the short-lived sitcom Back to You.
Chaplin became increasingly political, and his next film, The Great Dictator, satirised Adolf Hitler.
It was also a success and is still performed today.
The second son of writer and diplomat August von Kotzebue, he was born in Reval, then part of the Russian Empire.
Compton rapper Game's song "Dreams" is dedicated to her memory.
Hanjour applied to civil aviation school in Jeddah, but was turned down.
He made several feature films, including A Face in the Crowd and Career for which he won the Golden Globe for Best Actor/Drama.
This famous Victorian "love triangle" has been dramatised in plays, films and an opera.
'Mutt and Jeff' is also rhyming slang for 'deaf'.
He returned in 1891 much better prepared, and by reaching Independence Fjord conclusively proved that Greenland was an island.
The firm installed hundreds of Boulton & Watt steam engines in Britain and abroad, initially in mines and then in factories.
Perhaps fifteen of his paintings have survived.
He published more than forty books, was awarded the American Presidential Medal of Freedom, and was dubbed a knight of the French Legion of Honor.
He is one of a very small number of individuals who are celebrated both for their creative and their technical contributions to the homebrew IF scene.
He was a major witness at the 1929 Arnold Rothstein murder trial in New York City.
She married the photographer Achille Delmaet, but they divorced in 1893.
Kenny has won two Annie Awards for his voice work as SpongeBob SquarePants and the Ice King.
Having earned the nickname "The Man of a Thousand Voices", Blanc is regarded as one of the most influential people in the voice-acting industry.
He has written about paranormal phenomena, skepticism, and the history of magic.
In 1984, he became an American citizen while retaining his British citizenship.
His most recent film role was "Zack" in the movie The First of May.
The respectful sobriquet 'Devi' was conferred upon her by the media and public at this point.
In 2017, he hosted the 71st Tony Awards.
He later played the title character in the series Worzel Gummidge from 1979 to 1981, and again from 1987 to 1989.
Jean-Marie Collot d'Herbois was a French actor, dramatist, essayist, and revolutionary.
He was the French Ambassador to the United States during World War I.
His work is associated with the movement of anthropological historicism.
She funded Strawberry Fields in Manhattan's Central Park, the Imagine Peace Tower in Iceland, and the John Lennon Museum in Saitama, Japan.
Bruce Springsteen wrote the song "Shut Out the Light" after reading Kovic's memoir and then meeting him.
She also received Tony nominations for The Year of Magical Thinking and Driving Miss Daisy.
Jesse Boot Primary School was closed in 2009 and was replaced under the name "Nottingham Academy" which connected to "Greenwood secondary school" and others.
Barentsz died on the return voyage in 1597.
He currently serves as Co-Chairman of the Board of Directors.
He is also one of the co-founders of prominent games company Games Workshop.
Using materials obtained in vicinity of Canton, Massachusetts, William created the machine in 1835 which was used building railroad lines between Norwich and Worcester.
He is an advisor to the Center for Islamic Studies at the Graduate Theological Union in Berkeley.
His birthday, March 31, has become Cesar Chavez Day, a state holiday in California, Colorado, and Texas.
Her film roles include Darkness Falls and TiMER.
He is the founder and CEO of Top Rank, a professional boxing promotion company based in Las Vegas.
He was married to Australian actress Cassandra Harris from 1980 until her death in 1991.
Inez Milholland Boissevain was a suffragist, labor lawyer, World War I correspondent, and public speaker who greatly influenced the women's movement in America.
Michelle Renee Forbes Guajardo is an American actress who has appeared on television and in independent films in both the UK and US.
She later released the album Touch Me in the Morning in 1973; its title track reached number 1, as her second solo hit.
Halliwell reportedly amassed a $40 million fortune during her last two years in the group.
Her best-known film is Jeanne Dielman, 23 quai du Commerce, 1080 Bruxelles.
1, which is now listed on the National Film Registry of the U.S. Library of Congress.
Following this D'Angelo went on a hiatus before releasing Voodoo in January 2000, which debuted at number one.
Many clauses in the document bear his stamp, as he was active in the convention for months before deciding that he could not sign it.
Jamie Patrick Shea is Deputy Assistant Secretary General for Emerging Security Challenges at NATO Headquarters in Brussels, Belgium.
In 1905, he chaired the parliamentary committee to implement the separation of church and state.
Ronald Lawrence "Ron" Kovic is an American anti-war activist, writer, and a United States Marine Corps sergeant, who was wounded and paralyzed in the Vietnam War.
Damon is married to Luciana Bozán Barroso, and they have three daughters together.
Arthur Harold Babitsky, better known as Art Babbitt, was an American animator, best known for his work at The Walt Disney Company.
She died in Neuilly-sur-Seine, France in 1963.
Rosa Maria "Rosie" Perez is an American actress, community activist, talk show host, author, dancer, and choreographer.
However, she was never the Viscountess Melbourne because she died before Melbourne succeeded to the peerage; hence, she is known to history as Lady Caroline Lamb.
He is the winner of one Academy Award, having been nominated for four.
Since his death, Gainsbourg's music has reached legendary stature in France.
Avidan is also known for his activities in the Palmach in World War II.
Upon her death, Bankhead was credited with nearly 300 film, stage, television, and radio roles.
In the early 1970s he taught at Figueroa Street Elementary School and Parmelee Avenue Elementary School in Los Angeles.
He is also the father of actress Candice Bergen.
Sir Thomas Roe was an English diplomat of the Elizabethan and Jacobean periods.
She also had a recurring role as Alexis Meade on the television series Ugly Betty.
Shrapnel lived at Peartree House, near Peartree Green, Southampton from about 1835 until his death.
Subsequently, del Castillo has worked in several American TV series and had supporting roles in Hollywood feature films.
Jurado began her acting career in Mexico in 1943.
The film Daughters of the Dust was the first full-length film by an African-American woman with general theatrical release in the United States.
Hill's most widely seen films include comic and standard Westerns all´Italiana, some based on popular novels by German author Karl May about the American West.
John Werner Kluge was an American entrepreneur who was at one time the richest person in the United States.
These included the first recorded east-west crossing of the Libyan Desert.
Despite earning millions during his career, he had to file for bankruptcy in 1962 due to mismanagement of his finances.
In 2012, she made her Broadway debut in the original production of the David Mamet play The Anarchist.
Minnelli is the daughter of film actress and singer Judy Garland and film director Vincente Minnelli.
He attended Temple University in the 1960s and received his bachelor's degree there in 1971.
He was a member of the Board of Directors at Square, Inc.
Dame Judith Olivia "Judi" Dench CH DBE FRSA is an English actress and author.
In the UK, he is known as the face of a long-running series of television advertisements for British Airways in the 1990s.
His collaborative endeavors are considered milestones in the histories of electronic and experimental music.
In 1968 he took up his most famous role, in Dad's Army, written by Jimmy Perry and David Croft.
Phoolan evaded capture for two years after the Behmai massacre before she and her few surviving gang-members surrendered to the police in 1983.
Many of the screenplays he worked on are now considered classics.
One of the sailors died and was buried on one of these islands, and Bering named the island group Shumagin Islands after him.
His work centred on analytical philosophy, mathematical logic, and history of logic.
She made her final onscreen appearance in 2001.
He lectured at the University of Istanbul and was an assistant director of the British Institute of Archaeology at Ankara.
He also directed Oliver Twist, a story which parallels his own life as a "young boy attempting to triumph over adversity".
Her second studio album, Whitney, became the first album by a woman to debut at number one on the Billboard 200 albums chart.
Several models were in existence before Gillette's design.
He produced records and collaborated with other artists.
From 2008 to 2009, she starred on the E!
The two married in 1929, and went to Germany where Devika Rani learned different aspects of film-making in the UFA Studios in Berlin.
Frakes married actress Genie Francis, who portrayed Laura Spencer on General Hospital, in 1988.
Gloria Foster also played the role of the mother of Yusef Bell in the mini series The Atlanta Child Murders which aired in 1985.
He was the author of a thesis on Sebastian Castellio, in whom he saw a "liberal Protestant" in his image.
The Zurich-based artist was best known for airbrush images of humans and machines linked together in a cold 'biomechanical' relationship.
His books covered surgical techniques for many conditions, including hydrocephalus, nasal polyp, goitre and tumours to phimosis, ascites, haemorrhoids, anal abscess and fistulae.
Enrique Guzmán was born in Venezuela to Mexican parents.
Cockburn also wrote the "Beat the Devil" column for The Nation as well as one for The Week in London, syndicated by Creators Syndicate.
On April 20, 2016, the U.S. Treasury Department announced a plan for Tubman to replace Andrew Jackson as the portrait gracing the $20 bill.
He was appointed head of Cuba's armed forces shortly after the victory of Castro's rebel army in 1959.
She returned to Broadway in 2013 to star in Vanya and Sonia and Masha and Spike.
Ub's full name can be seen on early "Alice" shorts that he signed.
She performed across Europe and North America.
During the Third Reich, he was widely commemorated as a national hero.
The series, which debuted on NBC in September 1984, earned consistently low ratings but the Punky character was a hit with young children.
He also wrote the comic strips Abbie an' Slats and Long Sam.
After completion of his military service in 1946, Buck enrolled at Ohio State University.
Charles Wesley was an English leader of the Methodist movement, most widely known for writing more than 6,000 hymns.
De Havilland and Joan Fontaine are the only siblings to have won Academy Awards in a lead acting category.
David Mirkin is an American feature film and television director, writer and producer.
She made her screen debut in a minor role in There's One Born Every Minute, but Universal terminated her contract after a year.
On December 1, 2016, Schultz announced his resignation as CEO of Starbucks, effective April 2017.
So far, Matvere has played or voiced in seven films and television series including foreign TV- series.
De Belalcázar led expeditions in present-day Ecuador and Colombia and died after being sentenced to death in Cartagena, at the Caribbean coast in 1551.
Logroño worked in Puerto Rican media for close to three decades.
Grant used this breakthrough role as a frequent cinematic persona during the 1990s, delivering comic performances in films such as Mickey Blue Eyes and Notting Hill.
Lord appeared in feature films earlier in his career, among them Man of the West.
Built by George and his son Robert's company Robert Stephenson and Company, the Locomotion No.
James Arness was an American actor, best known for portraying Marshal Matt Dillon for 20 years in the television series Gunsmoke.
He was forced out of his own company by the Nazi government in 1934 and died on his 76th birthday, in 1935.
During that time, he also appeared in Steven Spielberg's science fiction thriller Minority Report and as the villain Bullseye in the superhero film Daredevil.
Walter Winchell was an American newspaper and radio gossip commentator, famous for attempting to destroy the careers of people both private and public whom he disliked.
Andrews made her feature film debut in Mary Poppins, and won the Academy Award for Best Actress for her performance in the title role.
William wrote an account of the Lateran Council and a history of the Islamic states from the time of Muhammad.
Because of that, she became famous but was also mocked by many "serious" authors of the time.
Eric J. Lerner is an American popular science writer, and independent plasma researcher.
He was a member of the Century Association.
As a schoolboy at Eton College, Heseltine met the British composer Frederick Delius, with whom he formed a close friendship.
Since 1967, Eastwood has run his own production company, Malpaso, which has produced all but four of his American films.
Sir Henry George Norris MP was an English businessman, politician and football club director, most famous for his chairmanship of both Fulham and Arsenal.
Performing a freestyle rap for The Notorious B.I.G.
He was born in the Italian town from which he takes his name, now Abano Terme.
Her work has earned her numerous awards and accolades, including a Grammy Award, one American Music Award, and seven Billboard Music Awards.
Kiefer William Frederick Dempsey George Rufus Sutherland is a British-Canadian actor, producer, director, and singer-songwriter.
The Late Late Show is the world's second longest-running chat show.
She took her nom de plume from a character in Italy's Diabolik comics, Eva Kant, and writer Harold Robbins.
She eventually was excommunicated from the church for her activities.
Smeaton was the first self-proclaimed "civil engineer", and is often regarded as the "father of civil engineering".
Gale Storm was an American actress and singer who starred in two popular television programs of the 1950s, My Little Margie and The Gale Storm Show.
The observation was attributed to an unidentified transforming principle or transforming factor.
Raúl “El Gordo” De Molina is the multiple Emmy Award-winning co-host of the Univision Networks #1 rated entertainment news show El Gordo y la Flaca.
Five years later, in June 2017, Bynes announced her intention to return to acting, specifically in television.
Seaxa is perhaps identical to Seaxbald, father of king Swithelm, of unknown placement within royal family, but Yorke thinks this unlikely on chronological grounds.
Other such places include Muir Woods National Monument, Muir Beach, John Muir College, Mount Muir, Camp Muir and Muir Glacier.
Her contribution to Spanish cinema culminated in her being awarded the Gold medal by the Spanish Academy of Cinematographic Arts and Sciences in 2006.
In 2016, he was selected to be honored with the Padma Vibhushan, India's second highest civilian honor, for his contributions in journalism, literature and education.
After Mao's death, Lei Feng remained a cultural icon representing earnestness and service.
She starred in dozens of silent films and was nominated for the first Academy Award in the Best Actress category.
She was depicted on the Bank of England £5 note from 2001-2016.
Walter Wilhelm Gieseking was a French-born German pianist and composer.
He is the twin brother of Lou Whittaker, a mountain guide who is often mistakenly credited with that achievement.
He is the father of four children, all of whom are actors.
Giger was a Swiss painter, whose style was adapted for many forms of media, including record albums, furniture and tattoos.
She married musician Chaka from the band Tripolysm.
Sigismund Báthory was Prince of Transylvania several times between 1586 and 1602, and Duke of Racibórz and Opole in Silesia in 1598.
After his death, she became a film producer in Buenos Aires, but was killed in a road accident.
Dickinson left the BBC in 2005 and since 2006, Dickinson has been hosting the ITV daytime show Dickinson's Real Deal.
Baker graduated from Princeton in 1914 and worked for J.P. Morgan Bank until he enlisted in the United States Army Air Service.
She won one Academy Award, three BAFTA Awards, two Golden Globes, two Tony Awards and two Emmy Awards, and several other awards and nominations.
Taking up feature films from about 1924, Santell worked for several major studios.
He gained fame by writing Conciliator Differentiarum, quæ inter Philosophos et Medicos Versantur.
He maintained a band of subordinates for most of his career.
From 2010 until 2012 he was Global Vice Chairman and Chief Content Officer of the Edelman public relations agency.
Finley Peter Dunne was an American humorist and writer from Chicago.
It was adapted into a successful anime series, with a second anime created in 1997, 13 years after the manga ended.
He also produced many short video programs about science and authored several popular books about science for children.
She is also a 2006 American Theater Hall of Fame inductee.
In 2000, Resnick wrote the film Lucky Numbers starring John Travolta and Lisa Kudrow.
Lai Chee-Ying, better known by his western name Jimmy Lai, is a Hong Kong entrepreneur.
Noted for portraying characters with vast sex appeal, she often appears in magazine lists of "Most Beautiful" and "Sexiest" women.
He has done uncredited work on the scripts for The Score, Frida, and The Incredible Hulk.
For his contributions to the motion picture industry, Baxter has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
Bianchi was the daughter of an Italian Army colonel.
He then appeared in various films before taking a role in the 1994 Generation X drama Reality Bites, for which he received critical praise.
She followed those with appearances in The Aviator and Click.
In 1927, he appeared as Count Dracula in a Broadway adaptation of Bram Stoker's novel.
During his period as a child actor he was credited as Leaf Phoenix, his self-given name.
She won the Best Actress Award at the Cannes Film Festival and the Saturn Award for Best Actress for her performance in Lars von Trier's Melancholia.
For his role as Agatha Christie's detective Hercule Poirot in Agatha Christie's Poirot, he received a 1991 British Academy of Film and Television Arts nomination.
From there they were commissioned to BBC Two to host the style series, What Not to Wear, from 2001 to 2005.
She achieved success as a stage actress as a young woman in Russia, and as an elderly woman in Hollywood films.
In 1624 he was elected MP for St Germans and was re-elected for the seat in 1625.
Carl Ritter von Ghega or Karl von Ghega was the designer of the Semmering Railway from Gloggnitz to Mürzzuschlag.
He also starred in Grandview U.S.A., Red Dawn as Robert, Secret Admirer as Michael, and Soul Man, and appeared in E.T.
In 1971, he moved to the United States and became well-known after giving a series of public speeches on his beliefs.
Bessie Coleman was an American civil aviator.
He was the senior American official at the 1944 Bretton Woods conference, that established the postwar economic order.
His most important works were The Jewish War and Antiquities of the Jews.
He also devised the interlace technique for improving the quality of a video signal, still widely used in video and television technology.
Sandra Bernhard is an American model, actress, comedian, singer and author.
McMahon has also occasionally competed as a professional wrestler using a gimmick known by the ring name Mr. McMahon, based on his real life persona.
Eric Idle is an English comedian, actor, voice actor, author, singer-songwriter, musician, writer and comedic composer.
His History of the Peloponnesian War recounts the 5th century BC war between Sparta and Athens to the year 411 BC.
By the turn of the 21st century, Grant had established himself as a leading man, skilled with a satirical comic talent.
He participated actively in the controversed debate on Aryan Invasion Theory.
Philippi is known for his translation of the Kojiki and the ancient Shinto prayers known as norito.
Hughes was included in Flying Magazine's list of the 51 Heroes of Aviation, ranked at No.
William Wetmore built his home at the corner of Front Street and Portage Trail.
Co-written with band-mate Dougie Poynter, The Dinosaur that Pooped Christmas sold over 72,000 copies and became the most popular debut children's novel of 2012.
In the year 1659 he fell into disgrace for having taken part in an orgy at Roissy near Paris during Holy Week, which caused great scandal.
Sir Nigel Barnard Hawthorne, CBE was an English comic actor.
Jackson had similar commercial and critical success with his second album, The Massacre, which was released in 2005.
On his death, his sister Jean Conan Doyle took over as their father's literary executor.
On Fantasy Island, he was well known for delivering the line "Ze plane!
Christie's breakthrough film role was in Billy Liar.
He sailed around the southernmost tip of Africa in 1488, reaching the Indian Ocean from the Atlantic, the first European known to have done so.
François Roland Truffaut was a French film director, screenwriter, producer, actor, and film critic, as well as one of the founders of the French New Wave.
This new approach led him to pioneer developments that later writers adapted to comedy, some of which are characteristic of romance.
He went on to become a series regular on ABC's Fridays.
Fred McFeely Rogers was an American television personality, musician, puppeteer, writer, producer, and Presbyterian minister.
He was the first British footballer to play 100 UEFA Champions League games.
During his lifetime, he was threatened by both Hindus and Muslims for his views.
For her role in the show she has received the 2016 British Soap Award for Best Newcomer.
Garvey was unique in advancing a Pan-African philosophy to inspire a global mass movement and economic empowerment focusing on Africa known as Garveyism.
She subsequently starred in the romantic comedy Bridget Jones's Diary, obtaining nominations for the Academy Award and BAFTA Award for Best Leading Actress.
Bantu Stephen Biko was a South African anti-apartheid activist.
Elias Charles Disney was the father of Roy and Walt Disney.
Jack Joseph Valenti was a longtime president of the Motion Picture Association of America.
From 1997 to 2000, Alley starred as leading character on the NBC sitcom Veronica's Closet, for which she received additional Emmy and Golden Globe Award nominations.
His plays include The Designated Mourner, Aunt Dan and Lemon and Grasses of a Thousand Colors.
She played nurse Sandy Harper in the BBC One hospital drama series Holby City for three years until her death.
Ono continues her social activism, inaugurating a biennial $50,000 LennonOno Grant for Peace in 2002 and co-founding the group Artists Against Fracking in 2012.
For Oliver!, he received the Academy Award for Best Director.
He wrote the first book about adaptive programming.
Law's other notable films include Gattaca, Enemy at the Gates, A.I.
Christine Joan Taylor-Stiller is an American actress.
This concept takes encapsulation to a new level allowing changes in the way an object works without changing the interface with other objects.
They are extremely rare and are collector's items.
During his nine years with the company, he worked his way to engineer, and also studied to earn his high school diploma then his law degree.
Manuel Andrack is a German journalist, television show editor, television host and author.
Also, Likert founded the theory of participative management, which was used to engage employees in the workplace and ultimately allow them to enjoy their job more.
Teitelbaum was a fierce opponent of Zionism, which he decried as inherently heretical.
Dash is the film's producer, screenwriter, and director.
In 1996 TV Guide ranked him number 36 on its 50 Greatest TV Stars of All Time list.
Kinji Fukasaku was a Japanese film director and screenwriter.
Between the 1880s and 1990s the avoidance of medical treatment led to the deaths of several adherents and their children.
Married three times, the second to Doctor Who co-star Lalla Ward, Baker has two sons from his first marriage.
Harrison Gray Otis was the president and general manager of the Times-Mirror Company, publisher of the Los Angeles Times.
On his 1898–1902 expedition, Peary set a new "Farthest North" record by reaching Greenland's northernmost point, Cape Morris Jesup.
Minami and Shiina Nagano, the other member of Two-Mix, also appeared as themselves in a case in her former husband's manga, Detective Conan.
Law has also had an accomplished career on stage, and has received nominations for three Laurence Olivier Awards and two Tony Awards.
But he is best remembered for his starring role as Jed Clampett in the CBS television sitcom The Beverly Hillbillies.
Shearer co-created, co-wrote and co-starred in the 1984 film This Is Spinal Tap, a satirical rockumentary, which became a cult hit.
She is the daughter of Greek-born actor John Aniston and American actress Nancy Dow.
Zwingli formed an alliance of Reformed cantons which divided the Confederation along religious lines.
He is also friends with fellow Mexican directors Guillermo del Toro and Alejandro González Iñárritu, collectively known as "The Three Amigos of Cinema."
He practiced law for nine years and also participated in local Democratic politics.
He was a Puritan minister who was involved with the government of the colony, the administration of Harvard College, and most notoriously, the Salem witch trials.
She began to abuse alcohol and binge eat, resulting in a weight gain that made it difficult for her to secure acting jobs.
He currently resides in Palm Beach, Florida, where he broadcasts The Rush Limbaugh Show.
In addition, he founded WTBS, which pioneered the superstation concept in cable television.
Allen has received many accolades and honors throughout his career.
Between 2015 and 2016, he played the lead role in the TV Land comedy series Impastor.
Peter Paul Dobree, English classical scholar and critic, was born in Guernsey.
She subsequently starred in the films Where the Day Takes You, Wayne's World, Threesome, Men in Black II, and Life Is Hot in Cracktown.
He was accused of communist sympathies, while his involvement in a paternity suit and marriages to much younger women caused scandal.
He served in South Africa's post-apartheid Senate from 1994 to 1997 as Deputy President of the Senate.
Hackman's final film appearance to date was the romantic comedy Welcome to Mooseport in 2004, co-starring comedian Ray Romano.
Ryan Tubridy, nicknamed "Tubs", is an Irish broadcaster, a presenter of live shows on radio and television in Ireland.
After his death in 1959, Crawford was elected to fill his vacancy on the board of directors but she was forcibly retired in 1973.
He was a recipient of BAFTAs, Golden Globes, and Tony Awards for Best Actor.
Allyson's "girl next door" image was solidified during the mid-1940s when she was paired with actor Van Johnson in five films.
Nansen was honoured by many nations, and his name is commemorated in numerous geographical features, particularly in the polar regions.
He then pursued a music career, joining Genesis in 1970 as their drummer and becoming lead singer in 1975 following the departure of Peter Gabriel.
Henry Alford was an English churchman, theologian, textual critic, scholar, poet, hymnodist, and writer.
Ireland was a supermodel in the 1980s and 1990s, best known for appearing in 13 consecutive Sports Illustrated swimsuit issues.
Desmond John Morris is an English zoologist, ethologist and surrealist painter, as well as a popular author in human sociobiology.
Born in El Paso, Texas, Roddenberry grew up in Los Angeles, where his father was a police officer.
He was subsequently offered a knighthood as part of the New Year Honours, but declined.
In the 1960s, he successfully crossed over into country music, recording hits such as "A Little Bitty Tear" and "Funny Way of Laughing".
Along with Eugene O'Neill and Arthur Miller he is considered among the three foremost playwrights in 20th-century American drama.
Albert Lawrence Brooks is an American actor, filmmaker, author and comedian.
He and Ball are generally credited as the inventors of the syndicated rerun, which they pioneered with the I Love Lucy series.
In 1939, Schindler acquired an enamelware factory in Kraków, Poland, which employed about 1,750 workers, of whom 1,000 were Jews at the factory's peak in 1944.
Maureen Diane Lipman, CBE is a British film, theatre and television actress, columnist and comedian.
Her performance in the musical Moulin Rouge!
Rodríguez also worked alongside other Puerto Rican show business figures, such as Tommy Muñiz, José Miguel Agrelot, Elin Ortiz, Sonia Noemí, and Eddie Miró.
David Keith Lynch is an American director, screenwriter, producer, painter, musician, actor, and photographer.
Tiffany designed stained glass windows and lamps, glass mosaics, blown glass, ceramics, jewelry, enamels, and metalwork.
She received the first of seven Tony Award nominations for the 1975 musical The Robber Bridegroom.
He also provided story ideas for such films as Stagecoach.
In his final years he worked as a police officer at the Warner Brothers studios, according to a New York Times obituary.
Joseph Frank "Buster" Keaton was an American actor, comedian, film director, producer, screenwriter, and stunt performer.
Additional acting awards included four Golden Globe nominations, an Emmy Award, and a Tony Award.
A majority of her films were shot in the 1960s and 1970s.
Because of the social norms of the time and her youth, the NAACP leaders worried about using her to symbolize their boycott.
Waters was an employee of the American Atheists from February 1993 to April 1994, first as a typesetter and later as office manager.
Both men were to become famous as translators from the Arabic.
After studying in Germany with Bertolt Brecht, Losey returned to the United States, eventually making his way to Hollywood.
Others see her more positively and believe she was attempting to halt a decline in what they perceived as Britain's moral standards.
This patch of icy land is today called the Sabrina Coast.
Eric Paul Allman is an American computer programmer who developed sendmail and its precursor delivermail in the late 1970s and early 1980s at UC Berkeley.
She currently presents an early morning radio show on BBC Radio 2 and the Breakfast show on BBC Radio London.
Müntzer was foremost amongst those reformers who took issue with Luther’s compromises with feudal authority.
During the early 1950s, Scott was a consistent box-office draw.
Paquin is also known for playing the lead role of Sookie Stackhouse in the HBO vampire drama television series True Blood.
For his work on these five films, Weir personally accrued six Academy Award nominations as either a director, writer or producer.
Kenwright was a judge in the 2007 BBC1 television series Any Dream Will Do.
He later started his own studio, Chuck Jones Enterprises, which created several one-shot specials, and periodically worked on Looney Tunes related works.
In his first professional acting performance, Cagney danced costumed as a woman in the chorus line of the revue Every Sailor, in 1919.
After his death Zapatista generals aligned with Obregón against Carranza and helped drive Carranza from power.
Mundie holds a bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering and a master's degree in Information Theory and Computer Science from Georgia Tech.
Hopper also began a prolific and acclaimed photography career in the 1960s.
Onassis was born in Smyrna and fled the city with his family to Greece in 1922 in the wake of the Greco-Turkish War.
Her work on the series earned her five Primetime Emmy Award nominations and four Golden Globe Award nominations.
In the early 1930s, he became a member of the Group Theater.
In 1999, Portman enrolled at Harvard University to study psychology, alongside her work as an actress; she completed a bachelor's degree in 2003.
Since the late 1960s, Wright has served in numerous business and media roles, and founded an autism-awareness foundation.
Perpetrators Aaron McKinney and Russell Henderson were arrested shortly after the attack and charged with first degree murder following Shepard's death.
He is known for his "big" acting style and on-screen diversity.
He has also written books for magicians as well as the general public.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
Willie is best known for his bondage comic strips, specifically "Sweet Gwendoline", featuring the villain Sir Dystic d'Arcy.
In 2012, Hoskins retired from acting due to his battle with Parkinson's disease, and he died from pneumonia on 29 April 2014, at age 71.
Tutin began her stage career in 1949 and won the 1960 Best Actress Evening Standard Award for Twelfth Night.
TomorrowThe following year, she starred in the romantic comedy Sweet Home Alabama, which emerged as her biggest live-action commercial success.
Claude Lanzmann is a French filmmaker known for the Holocaust documentary film Shoah.
She is the executive director of Honor the Earth, a Native environmental advocacy organization that plays an active role in the Dakota Access Pipeline protests.
However, he has recently returned to acting.
Frank Crumit was an American singer, composer, radio entertainer and vaudeville star.
In 2005, he received a lifetime achievement award from the Directors Guild of Great Britain.
Reuben Garrett Lucius Goldberg, known best as Rube Goldberg, was an American cartoonist, sculptor, author, engineer, and inventor.
She moved into the peace movement at the start of World War I in 1914, and began collaborating with Jane Addams of Chicago.
Stephen Richards Covey was an American educator, author, businessman, and keynote speaker.
She was the first woman to be nominated for a Presidential cabinet position, but was not confirmed.
In 1887, after a poor showing in the World Series, the ill-tempered von der Ahe threatened to withhold his players' share of the earnings.
His disciplinary record, however, was much improved after he returned from the eight-month suspension.
After their father deserted the family, all three Pickford children began working as child actors on the stage.
Marie-Anne Charlotte de Corday d'Armont, known as Charlotte Corday, was a figure of the French Revolution.
Lu Zhonggui, courtesy name Xianxiang, better known as Lu Haodong, was a Chinese revolutionary who lived in the late Qing dynasty.
He's Makin' Eyes at Me", "Baby", "Margie", and "How Ya Gonna Keep 'em Down on the Farm?"
The bombs killed three people, including a pregnant woman, and injured 140, four of whom lost limbs.
Sir Nikolaus Bernhard Leon Pevsner CBE FBA was a German, later British scholar of history of art and, especially, of history of architecture.
She was considered one of the most important female figures of the Golden Age of Mexican cinema.
As a result, in 2008 he wrote a semi-autobiographical work titled Why Do I Say These Things?, detailing some of his life experiences.
Johannes Schultz developed these theories as Autogenic training.
The first humans are believed to have inhabited South Africa more than 100,000 years ago.
Thomas Antonio Conti is a Scottish actor, theatre director and novelist of Italian Scots descent.
He is employed as a professor in the linguistics department of the University of Pennsylvania, and pursues research in sociolinguistics, language change, and dialectology.
John Frank Stossel is an American consumer television personality, author, and libertarian pundit, known for his career on both ABC News and Fox Business Channel.
In the early 2000s, he released several solo recordings on Warp Records.
On January 13, 2013, Fey hosted the 70th Golden Globe Awards with her long-time friend and fellow comedian, Amy Poehler, to critical acclaim.
William Wyler was an American film director, producer and screenwriter.
A former Ziegfeld Girl, Eagels went on to greater fame on Broadway and in the emerging medium of sound films.
Nina Hamnett was a Welsh artist and writer, and an expert on sailors' chanteys, who became known as the Queen of Bohemia.
Loïc Leferme was a French diver who was the world free diving record holder until 2 October 2005, when he was surpassed by Herbert Nitsch.
Kenwright was born in Liverpool, Lancashire, attended Booker Avenue County Primary School, and then Liverpool Institute High School from 1957 to 1964.
Iglesias has sold over 159 million records worldwide, making him one of the best-selling Spanish artists ever.
Lesley Sue Goldstein, known professionally as Lesley Gore, was an American singer, songwriter, actress, and activist.
Although famous throughout California, Sutter saw his business ventures fail.
The scope of the deal with EMI office includes concessions for global partnering with EMI.
He was also a leader in promoting environmentalism.
Russo appeared as Frigga, the mother of the titular hero in the superhero films Thor and Thor: The Dark World.
In 1921, under restrictions after signing a plea for clemency, he was released on the condition that he renounce revolutionary activities.
Camilo Cienfuegos Gorriarán was a Cuban revolutionary born in Havana.
David Neil "Dave" Cutler, Sr. is an American software engineer, a designer, and a developer of several operating systems in the computer industry.
He has been called "the first truly modern writer" and "the first critical and philosophical historian since classical times".
He has campaigned for the rights of indigenous tribal peoples, and is a member of Survival International.
Chester Charles Bennington was an American singer and songwriter best known as the frontman for the rock band Linkin Park.
In 2013, Black celebrated her 50 years in show business.
She has appeared in more than sixty television and film productions, most notably including Mischief, Twins and Jerry Maguire.
Jealousy grew between Squanto and Hobomock, another Pokanoket living with the settlers.
Working with the company, ”Carmichael and Fairbanks”, William Smith Otis devised an apparatus carrying out the same actions as the person with a shovel.
Years after his death, Roddenberry was one of the first humans to have his ashes carried into earth orbit.
and sketch comedy series Bremner, Bird and Fortune.
It was first used on the Western Railroad in Massachusetts.
Hunt was often described as "hyperactive" and always on the move.
In the 1960s, she became known for her role as Samantha Stephens on the ABC sitcom Bewitched.
She began her career in journalism in the 1970s, writing for several publications, most notably Seventeen magazine and The New York Times.
Time named him one of the 100 most influential people in the world in 2016.
In her later years, she became concerned with what she perceived as the menace posed by Bolshevism and joined the Conservative Party.
He gave his last concert in 1960, less than a year before his death.
The second rule was that the relative amounts of guanine, cytosine, adenine and thymine bases vary from one species to another.
A Florida native, Browning was inducted into the Florida Artists Hall of Fame in 2012.
Prevost appeared in dozens of Sennett's short comedy films before moving on to feature length films for Universal.
Francis Dayle "Chick" Hearn was an American sportscaster.
Max Reinhardt was an Austrian-born American theatre and film director, intendant, and theatrical producer.
For her role in the 1993 independent film Short Cuts, she won the National Society of Film Critics Award for Best Supporting Actress.
Her other film credits include The Talented Mr. Ripley, The Royal Tenenbaums, Shallow Hal, and Proof, for which she earned a Golden Globe nomination.
Alexander Comfort was a British scientist and physician known best for his nonfiction sex manual, The Joy of Sex.
Jonathan L. Zittrain is an American professor of Internet law and the George Bemis Professor of International Law at Harvard Law School.
His 1978 film Get Out Your Handkerchiefs won the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film at the 51st Academy Awards.
He played a wide range of classical and modern parts, making an impact in Shakespeare at the Old Vic.
Cary Grant was a British-American actor, known as one of classic Hollywood's definitive leading men.
He was often credited as E. A. Dupont.
He has been called one of the greatest and most influential African Americans in history.
Loretta Jane Swit is an American stage and television actress known for her character roles.
She currently has a recurring role as Mayor Sierra McCoy on Riverdale
Chaplin directed his own films from an early stage and continued to hone his craft as he moved to the Essanay, Mutual, and First National corporations.
Lovins does not see his energy ideas as green or left-wing, and he is an advocate of private enterprise and free market economics.
His work has influenced some of the most popular and respected directors such as Martin Scorsese, Robert Altman, John Carpenter, and Quentin Tarantino.
In 1977, Correll was inducted in the National Association of Broadcasters Hall of Fame along with Gosden.
James Patrick Baen was a U.S. science fiction publisher and editor.
Forbes is the Editor-in-Chief of Forbes, a business magazine.
Marcus Bartlett Giamatti is an American actor, best known for being a regular member of the cast of the CBS drama series Judging Amy.
He is ranked 77th on Comedy Central's 2004 list of the "100 Greatest Stand-ups of All Time".
Jackson won the Genie Award for Best Performance by an Actor in a Leading Role for his performance in the Canadian independent film One Week.
She has a daughter, Kyoko Chan Cox, from her marriage to Anthony Cox and a son, Sean Taro Ono Lennon, from her marriage to Lennon.
He is currently Chairman of the PeopleTicker and SkillsVillage.
Working as a nurse and a librarian, she published two novels, Quicksand and Passing, and a few short stories.
Alice Brady was an American actress who began her career in the silent film era and survived the transition into talkies.
He presented the current affairs programme, The Frontline, each Monday night from 2009 until its axing in 2013.
Linda Eder is an American singer and actress.
He wrote comedy under his own name, though for much of his written material after 1968 he adopted pseudonyms to avoid pre-judgments of his writing talent.
This is especially apparent in Les Biches, La Femme infidèle, and Le Boucher – all featuring Stéphane Audran, who was his wife at the time.
Keaton subsequently expanded her range to avoid becoming typecast as her Annie Hall persona.
He lived in Vienna until his death.
Though she originally supported the exploitation of her popularity for commercial purposes, she later reconsidered and eventually opposed her status as an Avex "product".
He was one of the most influential figures in early Christian asceticism.
Fortuyn was assassinated during the 2002 Dutch national election campaign by Volkert van der Graaf.
Her other television films include A Pattern of Roses, Fatal Deception: Mrs. Lee Harvey Oswald, Live from Baghdad, Toast, and Burton & Taylor.
The American Film Institute has also named five of Stewart's films to its list of the 100 best American films ever made.
She has participated in several stage shows and has engaged in philanthropic activities.
and Ph.D. in English from the University of Virginia.
Epstein first discovered the Beatles in November 1961 during a lunchtime performance at The Cavern Club.
Born in Austria, his parents were involved in the arts and he grew up surrounded by acting and literature.
Though originally known as a comic actor, Azaria has also taken on more dramatic roles, including the TV films Tuesdays With Morrie and Uprising.
The commercial and critical success of Roja established him as a leading filmmaker in Indian cinema.
His 1920s syndicated newspaper column and his radio appearances increased his visibility and popularity.
Harald Franz Schmidt is a German actor, writer, columnist, comedian and television entertainer best known as host of two popular German late-night shows.
Her next two films with Allen, Sleeper and Love and Death, established her as a comic actor.
He was the first benefactor of the University of Oregon, and contributed to other universities, churches, hospitals, and orphanages.
In particular, his multi-engined all-metal passenger- and freight planes helped establish airlines in Germany, as well as all over the world.
In 2009, she was considered "the most influential artist of the decade" in the Japanese landscape by The Japan Times.
His portrayal of Holmes helped create the modern image of the detective.
George Roy Hill was an American film director.
Stewart Brand is an American writer, best known as editor of the Whole Earth Catalog.
He lived in Canada from 1958 to 2000.
He reprised his role as Kingsfield in the subsequent television series adaptation of The Paper Chase.
He was born in Harburg upon Elbe and died in Munich.
Nexhmije Hoxha is the widow of Albanian communist leader Enver Hoxha.
He is the father of Pola, Nastassja, and Nikolai Kinski, born of three different marriages.
QuickDraw's performance was essential for the success of the Macintosh GUI.
He has headlined WrestleMania, WWE's flagship pay-per-view, a record seven times, tied only with Hulk Hogan.
Stone spoke in front of a number of legislative bodies to promote laws giving more rights to women.
In television, she is known for her roles in the Disney Channel series The Proud Family and One on One.
Bankhead was known for her husky voice, outrageous personality, and devastating wit.
He devised procedures to teach the boy words and recorded his progress.
During World War II, Nash-Kelvinator greatly expanded to manufacture aircraft engines and parts.
His four Academy Awards for Best Director remain a record.
The latter won an Academy Award in 2014 for Best Picture.
Constantine has been involved in fashion for a long period, originally working in America for Giorgio Armani and then John Galliano in London.
His first film was Citizen Kane, which he co-wrote, produced, directed, and starred in as Charles Foster Kane.
Katherine Kiernan Maria "Kate" Mulgrew is an American actress with a career spanning four decades.
Born and raised in Houston, Texas, Beyoncé performed in various singing and dancing competitions as a child.
Jaynes wrote that ancient humans before roughly 1000 BC were not reflectively meta-conscious and operated by means of automatic, nonconscious habit-schemas.
By the mid-1950s, McNamara's career began to decline.
Her other film roles include The Abyss, Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves, and The Perfect Storm.
Shirley MacLaine is an American film, television and theater actress, singer, dancer, activist and author.
He was also involved with the team that created the first catalytic converter.
Her best known acting role was as Andrea Zuckerman during the early seasons of the 1990s television series Beverly Hills, 90210.
Hartman co-wrote the screenplay for the film Pee-wee's Big Adventure and made recurring appearances as Captain Carl on Reubens' show Pee-wee's Playhouse.
He directed many dramas which today are also considered classics, Angels with Dirty Faces, The Sea Wolf, Casablanca, and Mildred Pierce.
Influenced by Franz Kafka, Mertens started to publish novels and short stories in 1969 and received the Prix Médicis in 1987 for Les éblouissements.
By the time of his relatively early death at the age of 51, Erlang had created the field of telephone networks analysis.
She played the role of Matron in the TV series The Royal.
As a Member of Parliament from 1841, he fought against opposition from the Peel ministry, and abolition was achieved in 1846.
He then continued to serve as a director and chairman of the executive committee of the board and controlling shareholder.
Her third and fourth albums, Full Moon and Afrodisiac, were released to critical and commercial success.
Carbon molecules known as fullerenes were later named by scientists for their structural and mathematical resemblance to geodesic spheres.
Michael Derek Elworthy Jarman was an English film director, stage designer, diarist, artist, gardener and author.
After subsequently appearing in the successful John Hughes films Sixteen Candles, The Breakfast Club, and Pretty in Pink, Ringwald became a teen icon.
Cooper on the TV series Las Vegas.
Her career was at its height when she died at age 29 from injuries sustained in an automobile accident.
Pacino's performance as Michael Corleone is now regarded as one of the greatest screen performances in film history.
His career spanned 54 years with retirement coming in 1998.
She wanted to be popular, and being a model was not enough; so she then became a smoker.
In 2008 she began a world tour with a modern dance production in-i devised in collaboration with Akram Khan.
Jack "Jackie" Earle Haley is an American film and television actor.
Darl Charles McBride is an entrepreneur and CEO of Shout TV Inc. McBride is best known as the former CEO of The SCO Group.
Kabir was a 15th-century Indian mystic poet and saint, whose writings influenced Hinduism's Bhakti movement and his verses are found in Sikhism's scripture Adi Granth.
Bernhard first gained attention in the late–1970s with her stand-up comedy in which she often bitterly critiques celebrity culture and political figures.
This feat had not been accomplished since.
From there, she went on to enjoy a long and highly successful career, and acquired the nickname "The Queen of Technicolor".
José Plácido Domingo Embil, KBE, known as Plácido Domingo, is a Spanish tenor, conductor and arts administrator.
Yassin also served as the spiritual leader of the organization.
Two hundred thousand Palestinians attended his funeral procession.
He is also the author of The Reader's Encyclopedia, a standard American guide to world literature.
Samuel Finley Breese Morse was an American painter and inventor.
Josip Runjanin or Josif Runjanin was a Croatian composer and lieutenant-colonel of the Austro-Hungarian Army of Aromanian origin.
He studied acting with Don Richardson, using an acting technique based on muscle memory.
Frances Louise McDormand is an American actress.
The Daily Telegraph in London described her as "The undisputed queen of African music" during the 2012 Olympic Games River of Music Festival.
Natacha Rambova was an American film costume and set designer, best known for her marriage to Rudolph Valentino.
He established friendships with African rulers and scholars during his five years of travel.
After her final film in 1968, she went on to star in the successful CBS sitcom The Doris Day Show.
Marco Antonio Muñiz, better known by his stage name Marc Anthony, is an American singer, songwriter, actor, record producer and television producer.
Langdon Winner was born in San Luis Obispo, California on August 7, 1944.
William Fulton Beith Mackay OBE was a Scottish actor and playwright, best known for his role as prison officer Mr. Mackay in the 1970s sitcom Porridge.
Mike Nichols was an American film and theatre director, producer, actor and comedian.
Kotzebue Street in the Kalamaja area of northern Tallinn is named after him and after his father August von Kotzebue, who both lived on the street.
His organizing skills were focused on improving the living conditions of poor communities across America.
Fontanne is regarded as one of the American theater's great leading ladies of the 20th century.
A copyright lawsuit between System Enhancement Associates and Katz's company, PKWARE, Inc., was widely publicized in the BBS community in the late 1980s.
Desmond Wilkinson Llewelyn was a Welsh actor, best known for his role as Q in 17 of the James Bond films between 1963 and 1999.
It was also adapted as an opera, first produced in 2000 by the San Francisco Opera.
The Romans, having concluded that they lacked sufficient numbers to defend the settlement, evacuated and abandoned Londinium.
Later in life, she performed as a character actress in a few films.
This was the first plane to hit the World Trade Center during the September 11 attacks.
Bogarde came to prominence in films including The Blue Lamp in the early 1950s, before starring in the successful Doctor film series.
Confidential, Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World, Cinderella Man, American Gangster, State of Play, Robin Hood, Les Misérables, Man of Steel and Noah.
Ordained as an Episcopal priest, he later identified himself as an atheist.
Simon Donald is a co-founder and was co-editor of the British comic magazine Viz until 2003.
On his return to America, he became active in politics.
In some states, the display scrollboards in front of lottery terminals are also used.
His best known work is his epic poem Der Messias.
Robert Siodmak was a German film director who also worked in the United States.
Thus he grants a central place to the memory in the creation of his works.
He was assassinated in Jerusalem in 1948 by the militant Zionist group Lehi while pursuing his official duties.
Turner was discovered in 1936 at the Top Hat Malt Shop in Hollywood, California.
In his personal life, Sellers struggled with depression and insecurities.
She is best known for illustrating the Waite-Smith deck of divinatory tarot cards for Arthur Edward Waite.
A member of the Conservative Party, Collins was invited to attend the funeral of former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher in April 2013.
In his early life he was groomed to be the new World Teacher but later rejected this mantle and withdrew from the Theosophy organization behind it.
He is currently working on a second book.
She performed at the 2012 Summer Olympics closing ceremony on 12 August 2012 with The Spice Girls.
This, his Pinakes, 120 volumes long, provided the foundation for later work on the history of ancient Greek literature.
His introduction of the Model T automobile revolutionized transportation and American industry.
Gordon began her career performing on Broadway at age nineteen.
He retired from politics in 1974, just a year before his death.
Khan won his third Filmfare Award for Best Actor for Dangal, which also earned him one of the highest paydays for a non-Hollywood actor.
Gzowski wrote books, hosted television shows, and worked at a number of newspapers and at Maclean's magazine.
Harvey Williams Cushing was an American neurosurgeon.
She is one of the central figures of the burgeoning Finnish stand-up scene.
He was also called Luca di Borgo after his birthplace, Borgo Sansepolcro, Tuscany.
Corinne Mae Griffith was an American film actress, producer and author.
He was the brother of actor Noah Beery Sr. and uncle of actor Noah Beery Jr.
He is recognized as one of the pioneers of ethnomusicology.
Stephen Samuel Wise was an American Reform rabbi and Zionist leader.
In it, Lilly describes the friendly support of Oliver Cromwell during a period in which he faced prosecution for issuing political astrological predictions.
He was nominated for the Screen Actors Guild and Golden Globe Awards, and received two Saturn Awards, including one for Best Actor.
Euripides was a tragedian of classical Athens.
Kaspar Hauser – 17 December 1833) was a German youth who claimed to have grown up in the total isolation of a darkened cell.
Among the initiatives he introduced was the "Nansen passport" for stateless persons, a certificate recognised by more than 50 countries.
On 30 October 2004, he extended his own world record to 171 meters in the no limits free-diving category.
Blinded in both eyes as a result of an early childhood accident, Braille mastered his disability while still a boy.
Nicolaus Copernicus had attributed the heliocentric theory to Aristarchus.
In April 1614, she married tobacco planter John Rolfe, and in January 1615, bore their son, Thomas Rolfe.
After Jackson released the compilation album Guess Who's Back?
He has been dubbed the last true samurai.
Roger Nicholas Angleton, Robert Angleton's brother, admitted to directly killing his sister-in-law and exonerated his brother before killing himself.
Gustavus Ferdinand von Tempsky was a Prussian adventurer, artist, newspaper correspondent and soldier in New Zealand, Australia, California, Mexico and the Mosquito Coast of Central America.
Rex Murphy is a Canadian commentator and author, primarily on Canadian political and social matters.
Mai Elisabeth Zetterling was a Swedish actress and film director.
The decision to declare an AMBER Alert is made by each police organization that investigates each of the abductions.
Matthews appears on other NBC and MSNBC programs as well.
New York described him as "the greatest American playwright of his generation."
Bunton's television appearances include being a judge on the ITV celebrity skating show Dancing on Ice and entertainment series Your Face Sounds Familiar.
His writings explore sexuality and gender identity, and have included lesbian erotica and works about BDSM subculture.
Tara Strong is a Canadian–American actress who has done voice work for numerous animations and video games and performed in various live-action productions.
Stephen Sommers is an American screenwriter and film director, best known for The Mummy and its sequel, The Mummy Returns.
John Shirley is an American writer, primarily of fantasy and science fiction and songwriting.
His motto is "swimming for peace, friendship and clean waters."
Nas is often named as one of the greatest hip-hop artists.
He played the character until 1966, while continuing film work.
After much experimentation, he created a type of doll he called "Little People".
The television program, also known as Donahue, was the first talk show format that included audience participation.
He was appointed Guardian of Scotland and served until his defeat at the Battle of Falkirk in July 1298.
Other films include Mississippi Mermaid, Scene of the Crime, My Favourite Season, 8 Women, and Potiche.
He is also known for playing Bub in the television comedy series My Three Sons.
Virginie Fernandez, known by her stage name Virginie Ledoyen, is a French actress.
O'Donnell is a foster and adoptive mother.
Paramount quickly began casting Lombard as a leading lady, primarily in drama films.
In English-language cinema, she was nominated for an Academy Award for her role as a jaded aristocrat in The Roman Spring of Mrs. Stone.
Ibrahim, known as Abraham in the Hebrew Bible, is recognized as a prophet and messenger in Islam of God.
Under the pseudonym Slava Ranko, Philippi edited and published Maratto, a little magazine focused on Ainu literature and culture.
Sir Trevor Robert Nunn, CBE is an English theatre director.
Tate's last completed film, 12+1 was released posthumously in 1969, with the actress receiving top billing.
Robert Towne is an American screenwriter, producer, director and actor.
Hugues de Payens or Payns was the co-founder and first Grand Master of the Knights Templar.
News of her death coincided with the 2012 Grammy Awards and featured prominently in American and international media.
Patrick McDonnell is the creator of the daily comic strip Mutts.
Clarence Seward Darrow was a U.S. lawyer, leading member of the American Civil Liberties Union, and prominent advocate for Georgist economic reform.
In the 2010s, Norwood received a critical and commercial resurgence.
He was an outspoken advocate of the value of observing nature's principles.
After being released by MGM, he was picked up by Paramount, who used Milland in a range of lesser speaking parts, normally as an English character.
Trout had taken a course in teaching after graduation, and had taught until her marriage to Edward Trout.
Michael the Brave, Voivode of Wallachia, and Ștefan Răzvan, Voivode of Moldavia, acknowledged his suzerainty.
He initially rejected a treaty of alliance between the Confederates and the Irish Royalists, but faced with the Cromwellian invasion he changed his mind.
Throughout his career, he has been an advocate for political and humanitarian causes, such as the anti-apartheid movement and USA for Africa.
She died in 1975 of brain cancer.
Harold "Hecky" Jacob Rome was an American composer, lyricist, and writer for musical theater.
Hermann Zapf was a German typeface designer and calligrapher who lived in Darmstadt, Germany.
Philip Arthur Larkin CH CBE FRSL was an English poet, novelist and librarian.
Jill Goodacre Connick is an American actress and former model.
His bequests founded numerous institutions bearing his name, most notably Johns Hopkins Hospital, and Johns Hopkins University.
His work continues to inspire admirers, who refer to themselves as "Forteans", and has influenced some aspects of science fiction.
Gopal Krishna Gokhale CIE  pronunciation  was one of the social and political leaders during the Indian Independence Movement against the British Empire in India.
Her father was an Italian immigrant from Torrebruna in the Province of Chieti in the Abruzzo region of Italy.
Henry's work on the electromagnetic relay was the basis of the practical electrical telegraph, invented by Samuel F. B. Morse and Sir Charles Wheatstone, separately.
In 2004, he claimed to be a lifelong Democrat, while noting that he has supported many Republican candidates.
v. Pacifica Foundation, in which a 5–4 decision affirmed the government's power to regulate indecent material on the public airwaves.
He has also sung in private albums in several languages especially in Bengali which are noted as all time classics.
However, Divine is known to often make appearances in TV shows and interviews, as well as being the occasional host of parties, awards, and the like.
In Jerry Beck's The 50 Greatest Cartoons, ten of the entries were directed by Jones, with four out of the five top cartoons being Jones shorts.
She won a second Tony Award for her role as Rose in the 2008 Broadway revival of Gypsy.
The character lived on until Phil was "found dead" in his armchair in March 2010.
Once there, he changed his name to Honoré Jaxon and joined the labour union movement in Chicago, Illinois and was active in socialist circles as well.
Oh Quebec!, a collection of essays about nationalism and anti-Semitism, generated considerable controversy.
This brought him to wider attention within the film industry and he was spotted by Samuel Goldwyn.
In July 2014, Rosie O'Donnell was rehired to join The View as a co-host for the series' eighteenth season.
She is currently a host on the Telemundo morning show Un Nuevo Día.
Jane Barbe was an American voice actress and singer.
Jackson later attended the University of Toronto for 3 years however due to his fathers bankruptcy, was unable to complete his last year.
Bankhead became an icon of the tempestuous, flamboyant actress, and her unique voice and mannerisms are often subject to imitation and parody.
Egoyan later received the Governor General's Performing Arts Award, Canada's highest royal honour in the performing arts, in 2015.
Hepburn appeared in fewer films as her life went on, devoting much of her later life to UNICEF.
Strauss had two younger brothers, Josef and Eduard Strauss, who became composers of light music as well, although never as well known as their elder brother.
Three years later, she died at the age of 79, following years of decline in her health.
Ahmed Muhiddin Piri, better known as Piri Reis, was an Ottoman admiral, geographer, and cartographer.
She had recently attended the Highlander Folk School, a Tennessee center for training activists for workers' rights and racial equality.
Hunt lived his entire life in Texas, living in a house he built himself on his family's ranchland.
John Francis "Jack" Buck was an American sportscaster, best known for his work announcing Major League Baseball games of the St. Louis Cardinals.
John Kenton Britten was a New Zealand mechanical engineer who designed a world-record-setting motorcycle with innovative features and materials.
She was known as "The Witch of Buchenwald" by the inmates because of her cruelty and lasciviousness toward prisoners.
A member of the team that developed the first nuclear bomb, he later became a leader in the nonproliferation movement.
He was held up as the first martyr of the American Revolution, while the others killed were largely ignored.
King was made Earl of Lovelace in 1838, and she became Countess of Lovelace.
She is the daughter of English actress Jane Birkin and French singer and songwriter Serge Gainsbourg.
Carlo "Don Carlo" Gambino was an Italian-born American mobster and former boss of the Gambino crime family, which is still named after him.
She joined the cast of EastEnders in 1994 and won the 1999 British Soap Award for Best Actress.
She has directed feature films, including Wayne's World, her highest-grossing film.
He also received an Academy Honorary Award for his career achievements in 1961.
Her style combined the traditional folk music of Ireland and Quebec, usually in upbeat, comedic songs.
He has directed, written, and starred in several comedy films, such as Modern Romance, Lost in America, and Defending Your Life.
Jerzy Kosiński, born Józef Lewinkopf, was an award-winning Polish-American novelist and two-time President of the American Chapter of P.E.N., who wrote primarily in English.
The withdrawal of her films cost the industry millions of dollars and her case became the biggest scandal to affect the adult film industry.
His dissertation discussed the use of Fat Albert and the Cosby Kids as a teaching tool in elementary schools.
Her elder sisters, Zsa Zsa and Magda Gabor, were also actresses and socialites.
She also sang the jazz song "After You've Gone" for the end credits of the film The Cat's Meow.
In 1942, he appeared with Katharine Hepburn in Woman of the Year, beginning a popular partnership that produced nine movies over 25 years.
Collins also received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 1983 for career achievement.
She went on to receive further Oscar nominations for her roles in Missing, The River and Crimes of the Heart.
Leleti Khumalo is a Zulu South African actress known for her leading role in the movie and stage play Sarafina!
After the signing of the Versailles Treaty in 1919 the company started producing large luxury vehicles, branded as "Maybach".
She is known for starring as Kelly Taylor throughout the Beverly Hills, 90210 franchise and Valerie Tyler on the sitcom What I Like About You.
Mary Anne Clarke was the mistress of Prince Frederick, Duke of York and Albany.
He has directed over ninety theatrical, video, and television productions since his debut in 1991.
Diane de Poitiers was a French noblewoman and a prominent courtier at the courts of king Francis I and his son, King Henry II of France.
Marceau became an international film star with her performances in Braveheart, Firelight, and the 19th James Bond film The World Is Not Enough.
After retiring from acting in 1939, Gaynor married film costume designer Adrian with whom she had a son.
Her final screen appearance was in the 1991 film, The Shepherd and the Women, directed by her ex-husband, Ali Badrakhan.
In 1636 he became lecturer at Dedham in Essex, and led the church reform party in that county.
Shepard received the Pulitzer Prize for Drama in 1979 for his play Buried Child.
In 2001, she was the on-screen owner of Extreme Championship Wrestling during The Invasion.
Crow joined London Transport in 1977 and soon became involved in trade unionism.
Burton Stephen "Burt" Lancaster was an American film actor.
She was commemorated two years later with a statue in London's Victoria Tower Gardens.
Alfred Lunt was an American stage director and actor who had a long-time professional partnership with his wife, actress Lynn Fontanne.
John Ericsson was a Swedish-American inventor, active in England and the United States, and regarded as one of the most influential mechanical engineers ever.
The role lent her international recognition, and she won a Golden Globe and also the David di Donatello Award for her performance.
Dorn is also an accomplished pilot who owns and operates a Lockheed T-33 trainer jet, which he jokingly refers to as his "starship".
He has been referred to by E. V. Lucas, his principal biographer, as "the most lovable figure in English literature".
Before the Comedy Channel, even before there was the Tonight Show, Sullivan discovered, anointed and popularized young comedians.
It is estimated that Utada has sold more than 52 million records worldwide, making her one of the best-selling music artists in Japan.
In 1894 he was part of Coxey's Army, which marched to Washington, DC to demand an eight-hour workday.
Bardot was nominated for a BAFTA Award for Best Foreign Actress.
Henry Jaynes Fonda was an American film and stage actor with a career spanning five decades.
Lewis died on December 31, 1802, although his memorial in Trinity Church Cemetery gives his year of death as 1803.
Rainer began acting in Germany at age 16, being trained by Austria's leading stage director, Max Reinhardt.
In 1980 he scored his first film, Forbidden Zone, directed by his older brother Richard Elfman.
He was appointed a knight bachelor in the 2012 Birthday Honours and was knighted on 9 November 2012.
Takeru Kobayashi is a Japanese competitive eater.
They were interested in finding talented artists to illustrate works for school children.
A later animated version of the series, titled Beany and Cecil, initially broadcast on ABC in 1962 and was rerun until 1967.
He found the National Dairy Development Board in 1965, to replicate Amul's "Anand pattern" nationwide.
John Anthony Aniston is a Greek-American actor.
Frederick Clinton "Fred" Quimby was an American cartoon producer, best known as producing Tom and Jerry cartoons, for which he won seven Academy Awards.
In 1891, aged 24, she followed her older sister Bronisława to study in Paris, where she earned her higher degrees and conducted her subsequent scientific work.
She is a member of Ken Production.
Frank Morgan was an American character actor.
He asserted that Sumerian mythology suggests that this hypothetical planet of Nibiru is in an elongated, 3,600-year-long elliptical orbit around the sun.
George Pal was a Hungarian-American animator, film director and producer, principally associated with the science-fiction genre.
Françoise d'Aubigné, Marquise de Maintenon was the second wife of King Louis XIV of France.
Charles Brockden Brown was an American novelist, historian, and editor of the Early National period.
Roger Ascham was an English scholar and didactic writer, famous for his prose style, his promotion of the vernacular, and his theories of education.
Philetus W. Norris was the second superintendent of Yellowstone National Park and was the first person to be paid for that position.
In 2003, he was considered "one of Hollywood's most bankable teens."
More politely, Ephraim Katz in his International Film Encyclopaedia describes Morley as "a rotund, triple-chinned, delightful character player of the British and American stage and screen."
Born in Broomall, Pennsylvania, Bonaduce is the son of veteran TV writer/producer Joseph Bonaduce.
Throughout his career, he won many awards from international film festivals and academies.
In later years, she earned praise for speaking publicly about her experiences with bipolar disorder and drug addiction.
Throughout the 1930s, Rogers made 10 films with Astaire, among which were some of her biggest successes, such as Swing Time and Top Hat.
Born and raised in Sydney, New South Wales, she enrolled in dancing, acting, singing and piano classes at a young age.
Shortly after beginning her career as a model, Suvari appeared in guest roles on such 1990s television shows as Boy Meets World and High Incident.
On November 27, 2015, Miller released his fourteenth album, titled Empire, from the Hood to Hollywood.
They also started the Evans-Novak Political Report, a notable biweekly newsletter, in 1967.
Henri Farman was an Anglo-French aviator and aircraft designer and manufacturer with his brother Maurice Farman.
He works with the BBC producing his documentaries and television series.
She then served as a columnist for Hearst Newspapers from 2000 to 2010, writing on national affairs and the White House.
"For, he reasons pointedly / That which must not, can not be."
However, he gradually lost his vocation and at 21 he left monastic life and undertook National Service in the Royal Army Medical Corps.
In her twenty-year career, she became known as the first powerful female manager in New York.
Christian Michael Leonard Slater is an American actor and producer.
Her breakthrough came in 1999, when she starred on The WB teen sitcom Zoe and in the coming-of-age drama Cruel Intentions.
Though billed as Jill Connick, she was called Jill Goodacre throughout the episode.
It is one of the constituents of Nikkei 225 and is the world's largest piano manufacturing company.
Both movies are widely considered two of the most effective, and technically innovative, propaganda films ever made.
Daniel Boone was an American pioneer, explorer, woodsman, and frontiersman, whose frontier exploits made him one of the first folk heroes of the United States.
Her following album, Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie, was released in 1998.
Summer Joy Phoenix is an American actress, model and designer.
David Suchet, CBE is an English actor, known for his work on British stage and television.
The series earned three Emmy Awards and was rerun successfully on daytime TV and later in syndication.
got her music career start in 1995 with his group Junior M.A.F.I.A., whose debut album Conspiracy generated two top 20 singles in the United States.
On August 16, 1977, he suffered a heart attack in the bathroom of his Graceland estate, and died as a result.
In 1905, he joined with other industrial unionists to found the Industrial Workers of the World.
She reprised the role in the films Sex and the City and Sex and the City 2.
She also established the Birmingham Royal Ballet and the Royal Ballet School.
Some of his last roles were in horror films directed by Roger Corman.
Mathias Rust is a German aviator known for his illegal landing near Red Square in Moscow on 28 May 1987.
Bougainville Island of Papua New Guinea was named for him.
His film debut was in a popular independent film, Trick, in which he played the role of "Mark", an exotic dancer in a gay bar.
Rock Hudson was an American actor, generally known for his turns as a leading man during the 1950s and 1960s.
In 2011, O'Donnell signed on with the OWN: Oprah Winfrey Network to return to daytime TV with The Rosie Show.
Dave Winer is an American software developer, entrepreneur, and writer who resides in New York City.
During that time, Magruder became involved in the Watergate scandal of the early 1970s.
Lieutenant General Henry Shrapnel was a British Army officer whose name has entered the English language as the inventor of the shrapnel shell.
Jonathan Kolia Favreau is an American actor, filmmaker, and comedian.
Fields' comic persona was a misanthropic and hard-drinking egotist, who remained a sympathetic character despite his snarling contempt for dogs and children.
She is an active member of the Alzheimer's Association National Advisory Council and the voice of Cleveland's MetroHealth System.
He was the father of Tung Chee Hwa, the first chief executive of the Hong Kong S.A.R..
John Heilpern of Vanity Fair has called him "among our very finest actors".
As an educator, Alcott pioneered new ways of interacting with young students, focusing on a conversational style, and avoided traditional punishment.
James Lance Bass is an American pop singer, dancer, actor, film and television producer, and author.
Bacha Khan also spent much of the 1960s and 1970s either in jail or in exile.
At the age of six, Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen began starring together in TV, film, and video projects, which continued to their teenage years.
Tarkovsky's films include Ivan's Childhood, Andrei Rublev, Solaris, Mirror, and Stalker.
He and Diego Luna founded Canana Films in Mexico City.
Eschewing the official celebration of independence in Delhi, Gandhi visited the affected areas, attempting to provide solace.
His most noteworthy contributions deal with algorithms, languages, and systems related to networks, robotics, and computer vision.
One of her later books, The Second Stage, critiqued what Friedan saw as the extremist excesses of some feminists.
In autumn 2012, Lake embarked on a second syndicated talk show project The Ricki Lake Show, which aired on weekdays.
Fletcher was a leading academic proponent of the potential benefits of abortion, infanticide, euthanasia, eugenics, and cloning.
Channing was nominated for her first Tony Award in 1956 for The Vamp followed by a nomination in 1961 for Show Girl.
He also became known for a distinctive gated reverb drum sound on many of his recordings.
Carlos Irwin Estévez, known professionally as Charlie Sheen, is an American actor.
He also reached the northernmost point of the Western Hemisphere, at the top of Canada's Ellesmere Island.
Adler was the first to emphasize the importance of the social element in the re-adjustment process of the individual and who carried psychiatry into the community.
For her work in the theatre, she won two Olivier Awards and two Evening Standard Awards for Best Actress.
The reference was further reinforced by a 1960 Broadway musical based on her life and its 1964 film adaptation were each entitled The Unsinkable Molly Brown.
Her breakthrough role was as Tai Frasier in Clueless, followed by supporting roles in independent films such as Freeway and Bongwater.
As an oil painter and a jazz musician, Kevorkian marketed limited quantities of his visual and musical artwork to the public.
Friedrich Wilhelm Ludwig Leichhardt, known as Ludwig Leichhardt, was a Prussian explorer and naturalist, most famous for his exploration of northern and central Australia.
These operating systems are Microsoft Windows NT, and Digital Equipment Corporation: RSX-11M, VAXELN, VMS.
She also co-produced the one-woman play In Search of Fellini.
Says Malcolm, "Lofty was clearly looking for someone to pass the figurative baton on to.
Garrett Augustus Morgan, Sr. was an African-American inventor and community leader.
Bhosle is the sister of playback singer Lata Mangeshkar.
Burstyn is one of the few performers to have won the Triple Crown of Acting.
Since 1970, Midler has released 14 studio albums as a solo artist.
Dean L. Kamen is an American engineer, inventor, and businessman.
Weaver made his last onscreen appearance in 1981.
He wrote the first work to be called an opera today, Dafne, and also the first opera to have survived to the present day, Euridice.
Along with his sister Sophie, he was executed by the Nazis.
He is the Distinguished Professor of Management and Organizations, Sanford and Betty Sigoloff Chair in Corporate Renewal at the UCLA Anderson School of Management.
He was anathematised at the Second Council of Constantinople.
Today, his legacy is maintained through the Howard Hughes Medical Institute.
He later emigrated to Hollywood in 1926, where he joined the Fox Studio and made three films: Sunrise, 4 Devils and City Girl.
While building electromagnets, Henry discovered the electromagnetic phenomenon of self-inductance.
Mack Sennett was a Canadian-born American director and actor and was known as an innovator of slapstick comedy in film.
Bachchan made his Hollywood debut in 2013 with The Great Gatsby, in which he played a non-Indian Jewish character, Meyer Wolfsheim.
Vittorio Gassman, Knight Grand Cross, OMRI, popularly known as Il Mattatore, was an Italian theatre and film actor, as well as director.
She earns £250,000 - £299,999 as a BBC presenter
Andrew Vabre "Andy" Devine was an American character actor and comic cowboy sidekick known for his distinctive raspy, crackly voice.
Since then, she has donated over $1 million to the program.
She made her big screen debut in the 1989 comedy film Major League and later co-starred in Mr. Destiny and One Good Cop.
Andrews, a child actress and singer, appeared on the West End in 1948 and made her Broadway debut in The Boy Friend.
Among his pupils was the author of an art treatise, Cennino Cennini.
Benedict held the post of President of the American Anthropological Association and was also a prominent member of the American Folklore Society.
Howard Allan Stern is an American radio and television personality, producer, author, actor, and photographer.
This was pre-dated by an earlier recording of "Crad Kilodney Was Innocent" which was released on a 7" single vinyl record in the early 1990s.
Amyntas III was king of the ancient Greek kingdom of Macedon in 393 BC, and again from 392 to 370 BC.
Wetmore died on October 27, 1827, aged 56, in Ohio and is interred in Stow Cemetery.
She remained active into old age, making her final screen appearance in 1994 at the age of 87.
Since then, she has toured in a variety of international theatrical productions and continued to make occasional film appearances.
She experienced her first vision soon after the Millerite Great Disappointment of 1844.
In 1631 he married a London heiress who died in 1634.
Her role in Caged also won her the Volpi Cup for Best Actress at the Venice Film Festival.
Interested in ores, he tried unsuccessfully a number of times to have new mines opened.
Margaret Mead, with whom she shared a romantic relationship, and Marvin Opler, were among her students and colleagues.
Unlike many of those involved in the women's rights movement, Stanton addressed various issues pertaining to women beyond voting rights.
Erling Sven Lorentzen is a Norwegian shipowner and industrialist who has lived in Brazil for decades.
In addition he made major donations to Tuskegee and Hampton universities, historically black universities in the South.
However, when he died, his will was ignored, and the kingdom was annexed.
She is the mother of singer Cristian Castro and filmmaker Michelle Sainz Castro.
The documentary How to Change the World shows that Watson was indeed one of the original founding members of Greenpeace.
After a church service in Bloomsbury, her coffin was taken by train to the family plot in Morpeth, Northumberland.
In prison Magruder reconnected with his faith; afterward he attended divinity school and became ordained as a Presbyterian minister.
He also received Emmy nominations for his roles in A Streetcar Named Desire and Elvis.
We Have No Bananas", "If You Knew Susie", "Ma!
He was often cast in the role of a police officer, gunfighter, or vigilante in revenge-oriented plot lines.
He has been nominated for an Emmy Award, two BAFTA Awards and five Golden Globe Awards.
He held this uncle in such high esteem that he assumed his surname, calling himself Giulio Cesare Aranzio Maggio.
Field began her career on television, starring on the sitcoms Gidget, The Flying Nun, and The Girl with Something Extra.
He did the voice acting for Spyro in the Legend of Spyro trilogy.
Her first major role was Donna Martin on Beverly Hills, 90210 in 1990, produced by her father, Aaron.
He often referred to his nose as the Schnozzola, and the word became his nickname.
Sofia Costanza Brigida Villani Scicolone, or Sophia Loren, Dama di Gran Croce OMRI is an Italian film actress and singer.
Other notable films of hers include Legally Blonde 2: Red, White & Blonde, Monsters vs. Aliens, Water for Elephants, and Sing.
His early life was in a Muslim family, but he was strongly influenced by his teacher, the Hindu bhakti leader Ramananda.
Rolf Harris is an Australian entertainer whose career has encompassed work as a musician, singer-songwriter, composer, comedian, actor, painter and television personality.
In particular, he is described as "the groundbreaking theorist who was largely responsible for introducing ancient Indian art to the West."
Judge graduated from University of California, San Diego, where he studied physics.
She was a competitive show jumper, under the name Athina Onassis de Miranda, until her divorce in 2016.
In 2001, he released Word of Mouf, followed by Chicken-n-Beer in 2003 and The Red Light District in 2004.
She worked for NBC News from 1989 to 2006, CBS News from 2006 to 2011, and ABC News from 2011 to 2014.
She created the daytime talk show The Queen Latifah Show, which ran from late 2013 to early 2015 on CBS.
Selleck also appeared as Dr. Richard Burke on Friends and as A.J.
He is most well known for his role as the "sidekick" in the popular Harald Schmidt Show.
Richard Donald Crenna was an American motion picture, television, and radio actor and occasional television director.
The detective series stayed on NBC from 1971 to 1978, took a respite, and returned occasionally on ABC from 1989 to 2003.
In 1939, Sikorsky designed and flew the Vought-Sikorsky VS-300, the first viable American helicopter, which pioneered the rotor configuration used by most helicopters today.
Her film appearances include Braveheart, The Land Girls, Dangerous Beauty, Dancing at Lughnasa, Spy Game, and 28 Weeks Later.
His opinionated but humorous tongue-in-cheek writing and presenting style has often provoked public reaction.
Akio Morita was a Japanese businessman and co-founder of Sony along with Masaru Ibuka.
He will become executive chairman, with Kevin Johnson to become CEO.
He graduated from De La Salle–College of Saint Benilde.
John Randolph Webb was an American actor, television producer, director, and screenwriter, who is most famous for his role as Sgt.
From 1984 to 1997, she lived near Paris and worked as a research chemist and a sales manager for Air Liquide.
Bournonville's best-known ballets are La Sylphide, Napoli, Le Conservatoire, The Kermesse in Bruges and A Folk Tale.
Robert James "Bob" Keeshan was an American television producer and actor.
Rand and Branden split acrimoniously in 1968, after which Branden focused on developing his own psychological theories and modes of therapy.
The two met when Zhang was an art student in Brussels.
Edward Augustus Holyoke was an American educator and physician.
Stanley was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Actress in a Play for her roles in A Touch of the Poet and A Far Country.
His career continued with his leading role as Michael Knight on Knight Rider and as L.A. County Lifeguard Mitch Buchannon in the series Baywatch.
Russell also directed several films based on the lives of classical music composers, such as Elgar, Delius, Tchaikovsky, Mahler, and Liszt.
She also became the first woman to win the Saturn Award for Best Director in 1995 for Strange Days.
Corman mentored and gave a start to many young film directors such as Francis Ford Coppola, Ron Howard, Martin Scorsese, Jonathan Demme and James Cameron.
First he raced motorcycles and then he concentrated on sports cars and single-seaters.
He wrote books and articles focused on capitalism, religion, and the politics of democratization.
He appears to have been excessively vain and of an unamiable disposition."
Mani Ratnam is well known for his "Political trilogy" consisting of Roja, Bombay, and Dil Se...
He worked in media ranging from fine art painting to cartooning, but is best remembered for his political posters.
During these years, Magruder also spoke publicly about ethics and his role in the Watergate scandal.
As of 2015, Minogue has had worldwide record sales of more than 80 million.
Although he received support from the Church—he became Archdeacon of Pamplona in 1143—Robert's preference was for translating scientific rather than theological works.
After signing with Fox Film Corporation in 1926, she rose to fame and became one of the biggest box office draws of the era.
He had his first success at the Oxford Playhouse and in roles in the West End including Tom Stoppard's The Real Inspector Hound.
Glynis Johns is a retired Welsh stage, television and film actress, dancer, pianist, and singer.
He is known to have killed eight men.
Arthur Murray was inducted into the National Museum of Dance's Mr. & Mrs. Cornelius Vanderbilt Whitney Hall of Fame in 2007.
He joined the faculty of the University of California, San Diego in 1966 and taught there until he retired and became an emeritus professor in 2000.
In addition to acting in films, Damon has performed voice-over work in both animated and documentary films and has established two production companies with Affleck.
Musically active from her early years, she was the composer of at least seventeen songs for voice and piano.
He surrendered to authorities on December 30, 2015, and was released on $1 million bail.
He was born in Odawara, Kanagawa Prefecture, and studied at Nihon University's College of Art.
Ricardo Gonzalo Pedro Montalbán y Merino, KSG was a Mexican actor.
She inspired and interacted with many Sufis of Kashmir.
He was elected to the Federal Council of Switzerland on 10 December 1875, and handed over office on 31 December 1890.
Other works include Animal Factory, Lonesome Jim and Interview.
Gable's final film, The Misfits, united him with Marilyn Monroe.
Spielberg won the Academy Award for Best Director for Schindler's List and Saving Private Ryan, as well as receiving five other nominations.
Draper has long maintained a nomadic lifestyle; as of May 2013, he resides in Las Vegas, Nevada.
He is also the author of a booklet on opera, La passion de Gilles.
She appeared in a range of genres, from screwball comedy to literary drama, and she received four Academy Awards for Best Actress—a record for any performer.
Respected for her acting prowess and versatility, Bancroft was acknowledged for her work in film, theatre and television.
He played Eric Camden on the long-running television series 7th Heaven.
He is best remembered for portraying Sherlock Holmes on stage and in a 1916 silent film thought to be lost until it was rediscovered in 2014.
He holds many records, including eight Guinness Records, for eating hot dogs, meatballs, Twinkies, tacos, hamburgers, pizza, ice cream and pasta.
He invented the high-speed liquid petroleum fueled engine.
He has also hosted the Rose of Tralee contest on two occasions.
His exact date of birth is unknown.
Ross has sold more than 100 million records worldwide, when her releases with the Supremes and as a solo artist are tallied.
The role gained her a second Academy Award nomination.
She then revived her musical career by recording the rock-inflected albums Cher, Heart of Stone, and Love Hurts, all of which yielded several successful singles.
On television, he is known for portraying the titular protagonist of Shark.
He is also a five-time Grammy Award winner.
He also starred in films such as Joy Ride, Timeline, Into the Blue, Eight Below, and Running Scared.
In his youth he was a champion skier and ice skater.
He was the son of George Colman the Elder.
Colin James Farrell is an Irish actor.
He developed a system of shorthands based on the seal script, called jiyin zimu, later adopted as the basis of zhuyin.
She then shifted to primarily Broadway choreography, being nominated for three more Tonys for her work.
Reiner has won nine Emmy Awards and one Grammy Award during his career.
After Hayward's second marriage and subsequent move to Georgia, her film appearances became infrequent, although she continued acting in film and television until 1972.
Her other film roles include Personal Services, Prick Up Your Ears, Buster, Stepping Out, Calendar Girls, Mamma Mia!
One of his most renowned onscreen performances was as Del Griffith, the loquacious, on-the-move shower-curtain ring salesman in the John Hughes comedy Planes, Trains and Automobiles.
Linacre was more of a scholar than a scientific investigator.
Carol Jean Vorderman MBE RAFVR(T) is a Welsh media personality, best known for co-hosting the popular game show Countdown for 26 years from 1982 until 2008.
Eugene Allen "Gene" Hackman is a retired American actor and novelist.
Kerry Francis Bullmore Packer, AC was an Australian media tycoon.
His poetry, despite being widely censored during the Victorian era, enjoyed a revival from the 1920s onwards, with notable champions including Graham Greene and Ezra Pound.
Johnny Lozada Correa is a Puerto Rican singer, actor, host, and television personality.
In the span of a career lasting five decades, Conrad provided a critical perspective on eleven presidential administrations in the United States.
She is married to French-Polish director Roman Polanski.
Starhawk's book The Spiral Dance was one of the main inspirations behind the Goddess movement.
He won a second Academy Award for Lifetime Achievement in 2002.
In late 1999, he started an electronic publishing business called Webscriptions, which is considered to be the first profitable e-book vendor.
Allan Sherman was an American comedy writer and television producer who became famous as a song parodist in the early 1960s.
Dreyfuss won the Academy Award for Best Actor in 1977 for The Goodbye Girl, and was nominated in 1995 for Mr. Holland's Opus.
Acting onstage, he performed as Prince Hamlet for the Manitoba Theatre Centre's production of Hamlet.
His books use comparative mythology and ancient literary sources to argue that Earth suffered catastrophic close contacts with other planets in ancient times.
The project had a notoriously lengthy and troubled development, with Moriarty leading the second of ultimately three incarnations the game underwent before finally shipping in 1995.
Over the next two decades, Triple H won a total of 14 world championships and led stables The McMahon-Helmsley Faction, Evolution and The Authority.
Innis laid the basis for scholarship that looked at the social sciences from a distinctly Canadian point of view.
Anthony Wood, who styled himself Anthony à Wood in his later writings, was an English antiquary.
More than sixty women have accused him of rape, drug facilitated sexual assault, sexual battery, child sexual abuse, and sexual misconduct.
He has also won four BAFTA Awards for Best Actor, three Screen Actors Guild Awards and two Golden Globe Awards.
He is also known in the UK for his stage work and lately for his narrations.
He also decided to lie about his identity and told others he was a Métis.
On January 18, 2017, the Office of the Pardon Attorney announced that President Barack Obama had denied Peltier's application for clemency.
Leopoldo Antonio Carrillo Spanish pronunciation: [Cay-reel-yo], was an American actor, vaudevillian, political cartoonist, and conservationist.
In recent years, Stern's photography has been featured in Hamptons and WHIRL magazines.
Robert Edward Crane was an American actor, drummer, radio host, and disc jockey.
1 on the Billboard 200 and have sold a combined 35 million copies worldwide.
A biography of Matsushita's life called Matsushita Leadership was written by American business management specialist John Kotter in 1998.
Halliwell has been nominated for four Brit Awards.
Sir William Empson was an English literary critic and poet, widely influential for his practice of closely reading literary works, a practice fundamental to New Criticism.
The characters enjoyed a renewal of interest in the 1980s when American actor and comedian Eddie Murphy parodied Gumby in a skit on Saturday Night Live.
The Michael J. Muuss Research Award, set up by friends and family of Muuss, memorializes him at Johns Hopkins University.
During and after her variety show, Burnett appeared in many television and film projects.
Raimi plays Ted Hoffman in his brother Sam's Spider-Man trilogy.
In the 1940s, Vélez's popularity peaked after appearing in the Mexican Spitfire films, a series created to capitalize on Vélez's well-documented fiery personality.
His next record, Battle of the Sexes, was released in 2010 and featured the tone of his previous albums.
"He served only himself, only the warped personal drives that pushed him into hideous crime.
Frequently typecast as a sinister foreigner, his later career was erratic.
Carlo Maria Giulini, Cavaliere di Gran Croce OMRI was an Italian conductor.
Władysław Starewicz was a Russian, Polish and French stop-motion animator notable as the author of the first puppet-animated film).
She resumed acting in 1874 and was immediately acclaimed for her portrayal of roles in Shakespeare and other classics.
Eleven of his songs reached the Billboard Hot 100 listing.
In 2014, he received the Jean Hersholt Humanitarian Award at the Academy's 6th Annual Governors Awards.
He guest starred on HBO's Looking as entrepreneur Lynn.
He was one of the most influential figures in the Asian entertainment industry.
Additionally, Methuselah is also mentioned in Islam in the various collections of tales of the pre-Islamic prophets, which mentions him in an identical manner.
He married twice, but had no children of his own.
Since his death Tecumseh has become an iconic folk hero in American, Aboriginal and Canadian history.
Born Ronald Edwards  in Crumpsall, Manchester, Lancashire, he was brought up in a house on Russell Street, Crumpsall.
However, Eberhard de Béthune cited evidence showing that the name Waldenses appeared in documents more than 10 years before the major years of Waldo's activism.
In 1899, she joined the Weber and Fields' Music Hall, where she starred for five years.
However, he recently starred in The Croods and Joe, both of which were warmly received by critics.
He pioneered the now-common practices of buying merchandise directly from manufacturers and fixing the selling prices on items, rather than haggling.
Lamberg is no longer active in the acting industry.
He was ultimately succeeded by Leslie Moonves at CBS and Philippe Dauman at Viacom.
Her report corroborated what the campaigner Emily Hobhouse had said about conditions in the camps.
Stanton was president of the National Woman Suffrage Association from 1892 until 1900.
His lyrical work incorporated a vast amount of clever word play to hoodwink the listener, often for humorous, provocative, satirical or subversive reasons.
A preeminent sleep researcher, Dr. Stickgold has dedicated his life to understanding the relationship between sleep and learning.
Henry Kenneth Alfred "Ken" Russell was an English film director, known for his pioneering work in television and film and for his flamboyant and controversial style.
Charles Mathews was an English theatre manager and comic actor, well known during his time for his gift of impersonation and skill at table entertainment.
Joan Crawford was his favorite actress to work with, and she was partnered with Gable in eight films.
Rust was sentenced to four years in prison, but released after 14 months.
Samuel Alexander Joseph West, also known as Sam West, is an English actor and director.
James Wilson Rouse, founder of The Rouse Company, was a pioneering American real estate developer, urban planner, civic activist, and later, free enterprise-based philanthropist.
Allen also has a multibillion-dollar investment portfolio including technology and media companies, real estate holdings, and stakes in other companies.
According to legend, Judge Roy Bean held court in his saloon along the Rio Grande on a desolate stretch of the Chihuahuan Desert of southwest Texas.
He has also contributed opinion pieces to many publications and performed cabaret shows, I Bought a Blue Car Today and Alan Cumming Sings Sappy Songs.
He had a career spanning 20 years starting in the early days of gaming on the C64 and the Amiga and onto succeeding formats.
In 2010, he parted with Interscope Records and signed with another Universal Music Group label Republic Records to release bilingual albums.
Rupert Chawner Brooke was an English poet known for his idealistic war sonnets written during the First World War, especially "The Soldier".
During her long career, Rogers made 73 films, and her musical films with Fred Astaire are credited with revolutionizing their genre.
Over the course of his career Delon worked with many well known directors, including Luchino Visconti, Jean-Luc Godard, Jean-Pierre Melville, Michelangelo Antonioni and Louis Malle.
He was killed in the Kolka-Karmadon rock ice slide at the end of the second day of shooting of his film The Messenger.
Although cautious to keep his movement independent of white liberals, he was friends with several and opposed anti-white racism.
She served as a judge on the first season of America's Got Talent before being involved in a widely publicized car accident in 2006.
Lea DeLaria is an American comedian, actress, and jazz musician.
He was educated in Britain, at Harrow School, Westminster School, and Trinity Hall, Cambridge.
In 1996, Urich starred in The Lazarus Man.
Hancock trained at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art before starting her career in repertory theatre.
Sir Thomas Stamford Raffles, FRS was a British statesman, Lieutenant-Governor of British Java and Governor-General of Bencoolen, best known for his founding of Singapore.
He married Danish-born Anna Andersen, and was his father's literary executor after his mother died in 1940.
In 1996, Kelly was nominated for a Grammy for writing Michael Jackson's song "You Are Not Alone".
On December 28, 2016, Reynolds was hospitalized at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center following a medical emergency, which her son Todd Fisher later described as a "severe stroke".
Throughout her unusually long career, which spanned from the 1910s to the 1980s, she maintained popularity by continually reinventing herself.
All-white juries failed to reach verdicts in the first two trials of Beckwith.
During World War I he helped to build a silver mill in Calico.
Before Meyer Lansky fled Cuba, he was said to be worth an estimated $20,000,000.
His first role as a producer was for I Hear America Singing, after which he moved to the BBC variety department.
Charles Albert Fechter was an Anglo-French actor.
Dina Merrill was an American actress, heiress, socialite, businesswoman, and philanthropist.
In 1961, he received the Irving G. Thalberg Memorial Award.
John Joseph Travolta is an American actor, producer, dancer, and singer.
Gillian Leigh Anderson, OBE, is an American-British film, television and theatre actress, activist and writer.
George Peppard Jr. was an American film and television actor.
The two-time Grammy Award and five-time Latin Grammy Award winner has sold more than 12 million albums worldwide.
He has appeared in many films in many languages, including Swedish, Norwegian, Danish, German, English, French, Italian, and Spanish.
Peter Mansbridge OC, is an English-born Canadian news anchor.
His main areas of philosophical interest are philosophy of mind, political philosophy and ethics.
On January 18, 2016, he was named Officer of Order of Arts and Letters in France.
Anita Borg was an American computer scientist.
While Vanderbilt could be a rascal, combative and cunning, he was much more a builder than a wrecker.
Of these, 18 or 19 have survived more or less complete and there are also fragments, some substantial, of most of the other plays.
She is known for the roles of Lana Lang in the superhero television series Smallville and Laurel Yeung in the Canadian teen drama Edgemont.
Mikhail Vasilyevich Lomonosov was a Russian polymath, scientist and writer, who made important contributions to literature, education, and science.
She is best known for her voice role as Marge Simpson on the animated television series The Simpsons.
He is best known for being the founder and chief creative officer of Playboy Enterprises.
He is a University of Denver graduate.
His later work delved into the relationship between poetry and madness, reality and fiction, and dreams and life.
He starred in many film musicals of the 1950s.
His best-known role was alongside Corey Feldman in The Lost Boys, which made Haim a household name.
She was a leading speaker for the Fabian Society and the Marxist Social Democratic Federation.
Nicolas Flamel was a successful French scribe and manuscript-seller.
An unfinished monologue and a selection from his journals were published in 2005 and 2011, respectively.
In medieval and early modern European tradition he was considered to be the progenitor of European and, later, East Asian peoples.
After his success in business, he devoted his time toward advising U.S. Presidents Woodrow Wilson and Franklin D. Roosevelt on economic matters and became a philanthropist.
Susannah Yolande Fletcher, known professionally as Susannah York, was an English film, stage and television actress.
In 1979 he produced the film Jesus.
He was also a keen aviator, and aimed to become the first man to fly a plane in Australia.
His grandson Hugh O'Neill eventually succeeded him as Earl and became head of the O'Neill dynasty.
In 1997, she married actor Will Smith.
In the pacifist groups Fellowship of Reconciliation and the War Resisters League, Rustin practiced nonviolence.
Igor Ivanovich Sikorsky, was a Russian-American aviation pioneer in both helicopters and fixed-wing aircraft.
1 in the UK magazine, Metal Hammer.
Matalin has been chief editor of Threshold Editions, a conservative publishing imprint at Simon & Schuster, since March 2005.
In addition to film work, Thornton began a career as a singer-songwriter.
Bea Arthur was an American actress, comedian, singer, and animal rights activist.
Nell Ruth Carter was an American singer and actress.
Juliette Gordon Low was the founder of Girl Scouts of the USA with help from Sir Robert Baden-Powell, the founder of the Scouting Movement.
Bon Jovi was ranked #31 on the "Top 100 Heavy Metal Vocalists" list by Hit Parader.
Stephanie McMahon Levesque, also known professionally as Stephanie McMahon, is an American businesswoman, and Chief Brand Officer of WWE.
After Russell's death, a crisis arose surrounding Rutherford's leadership of the society, culminating in a movement-wide schism.
On 24 June 1894, he fatally stabbed President Carnot after a banquet, to avenge Auguste Vaillant and Émile Henry.
Wozniak single-handedly developed the 1976 Apple I, which was the computer that launched Apple.
Between 1710 and 1716 he was the governor of Louisiana, although he did not arrive in that territory until 1713.
Francisco Javier Ortiz Franco was a Mexican journalist, who was murdered after writing about drug trafficking.
The New York Times’ obituary of Clift noted his portrayal of "moody, sensitive young men".
For some years he worked as both an attorney and as a talk show host.
Sir John Barrow, 1st Baronet, FRS, FRGS was an English statesman and writer.
Julie Newmar is an American actress, dancer and singer, known for a variety of stage, screen, and television roles.
His directorial debut, Return of the Secaucus 7, has been added to the National Film Registry.
He came to wide public attention at the age of twenty-three, in 1930, with his first book, Poems, followed in 1932 by The Orators.
Bromige published thirty books, many so different from one another as to appear to be the work of a different author.
He is the son of broadcaster Skip Caray, the grandson of broadcaster Harry Caray and the older half-brother of broadcaster Josh Caray.
Johnson's first leading film role was in The Scorpion King in 2002.
Cuacuauhtzin found out this plot before he left for war and composed what is known as the "Song of Sadness" or "Sad Song."
She has long been considered one of hip-hop's pioneer feminists.
Its most notable run was from 1960 to 1967 on CBS.
He was the first, and most famous, of the so-called contactees of the 1950s.
Daniel Barenboim, KBE is an Argentine-Israeli pianist and conductor who is also a citizen of Palestine and Spain.
He first appeared as an extra in the British film There Goes the Bride.
During the November Revolution she co-founded the newspaper Die Rote Fahne, the central organ of the Spartacist movement.
William Hooker Gillette was an American actor-manager, playwright, and stage-manager in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
Baldwin co-starred in Mission: Impossible – Rogue Nation, the fifth installment of the Mission: Impossible series, released on July 31, 2015.
Valerie Anne Bertinelli is an American actress.
Lawrence Edward Page is an American computer scientist and Internet entrepreneur who co-founded Google with Sergey Brin.
He currently lives in Beaverton, Oregon, and is a programmer at New Relic.
So he was really the father of it all".
Mackay Hugh Baillie Scott, son of a wealthy Scottish landowner, was a British architect and artist.
Meanwhile, House looks for creative ways to remove his ankle monitor so that he can attend a boxing match in Atlantic City.
Kristoff St. John is an American actor, best known for his role as Neil Winters on the daytime US drama The Young and the Restless.
In 1934 a Primary school was built in Bakersfield in Sir Jesse Boot's memory named "Jesse Boot Primary School".
She later premiered some other pieces by Brahms, notably the Variations and Fugue on a Theme by Handel.
The sitcom highlighted the experiences and growth of an affluent African-American family.
Teena's murder, along with that of Matthew Shepard, led to increased lobbying for hate crime laws in the United States.
His final film was Clifford's Really Big Movie, an animated film based off the television series, which was released posthumously.
He was preceded by his father, Sin-Muballit, who abdicated due to failing health.
He was a co-founder of the World Zionist Organization together with Theodor Herzl, and president or vice president of several Zionist congresses.
In March 2011, R. Kelly was named the most successful R&B artist of the last 25 years by Billboard.
Aron Ettore Schmitz, better known by the pseudonym Italo Svevo, was an Italian writer, businessman, novelist, playwright, and short story writer.
Helena Bonham Carter, CBE is an English actress.
While popular in her time, she was more notable as a theatre producer and manager.
Three years after leaving the programme, she began a singing career with her successful and massive hit cover of Ednaswap's song, "Torn".
Before the end of the 18th century, more than 200,000 Americans migrated to Kentucky/Virginia by following the route marked by Boone.
She was named The Advocate's 2002 Person of the Year; in May 2003, she became a regular contributor to the magazine.
He was killed by the U.S. military while covering the 2003 invasion of Iraq for ITN.
The city had been conquered by the Christians in 1119.
Henry Phillpotts, often called "Henry of Exeter", was the Anglican Bishop of Exeter from 1830 to 1869.
He was frank about his homosexuality at a time when this was problematic and became something of a role model for this in Spain.
Hagman had supporting roles in numerous films, including Fail-Safe, Harry and Tonto, S.O.B., Nixon and Primary Colors.
Jackson resigned from the secretaryship in 1782 but remained Judge Advocate until his death.
The cantons responded with an attack at a moment when Zurich was ill-prepared.
Lettuce's appearances include MTV, Comedy Central, The People's Court and a cameo on Sex and the City as Samantha's ex-beau turned Bingo Drag impersonator.
Flynt has fought several prominent legal battles involving the First Amendment, and has unsuccessfully run for public office.
He was among the first to publish against the persecution of witches.
John Thomas Sayles is an American independent film director, screenwriter, editor, actor and novelist.
Winterton served as a member of the Executive Government Advisory Committee of the Constitutional Commission from 1985 to 1987.
Ronald Radosh is an American writer, professor, historian, and former Marxist.
The song was composed by singer Ednita Nazario and Laureano Brizuela.
Hooper was also a signer of the United States Declaration of Independence, along with fellow North Carolinians Joseph Hewes and John Penn.
Andrei Arsenyevich Tarkovsky was a Soviet filmmaker, writer, film editor, film theorist, theatre and opera director.
Mbeki received international recognition for his political achievements including the renaming of the recently opened health building at Glasgow Caledonian University.
Rose Hobart was an American actress and Screen Actors Guild official.
She starred in Grand and Davis Rules, as well as creating, producing, writing, and starring in The Building, Bonnie, and Life with Bonnie.
She began her activist career in the freethought movement.
Ward produced the non-animated series Fractured Flickers that featured comedy redubbing of silent films.
One of her most memorable roles was that of "the Baroness" in The Sound of Music.
Did a really small part in highway to heaven.
He had two siblings, sister Jean and brother Denis, as well as two half-siblings, sister Mary and brother Kingsley.
Llewellyn Harrison "Lew" Rockwell Jr. is an American author, editor, and political consultant.
This was a lengthy poem recounting the life of William Wallace, the Scottish independence leader, written around 1477, 172 years after Wallace's death.
In recent years she has written her own album and directed a film.
In memory of the outstanding designer, a memorial plaque on the building design and weapons center of "Izhmash", and at the place of his burial.
Weil, so schließt er messerscharf / Nicht sein kann, was nicht sein darf.
She was awarded an Honorary CBE in 2001.
At the front he still refused to wear a uniform or bear arms.
Ellsberg was charged under the Espionage Act of 1917 along with other charges of theft and conspiracy, carrying a total maximum sentence of 115 years.
He died at Higham Gobion, Bedfordshire, where he was rector, and bequeathed his manuscripts to the University of Cambridge.
Film critic Roger Ebert dubbed Soderbergh the "poster boy of the Sundance generation".
For a short time at the end of World War II he was commissioned by various newspapers to depict war scenes.
Hopkins was a distinguished Hollywood hostess, who moved in intellectual and creative circles.
She is known for her New Age beliefs, and has an interest in spirituality and reincarnation.
The Laura Ashley style is characterised by Romantic English designs — often with a 19th-century rural feel — and the use of natural fabrics.
Susan Jane Blackmore is a British writer, lecturer, sceptic, broadcaster, and a Visiting Professor at the University of Plymouth, in Plymouth.
He starred in numerous other films and theatrical plays, notably in Krzysztof Kieślowski's Three Colors: White.
Anton Szandor LaVey was an American author, musician and occultist.
He was previously an anchor for ABC's Nightline.
She made her final onscreen appearance in 1987.
Demjanjuk became again a stateless person in 2002.
In 1934 he was married to actress Jane N. Keithley until her death.
However, by the time he starred in Houdini with his wife Janet Leigh, "his first clear success," notes critic David Thomson, his acting had progressed immensely.
She was the only woman in that gang, and her relationship with one gang member, coupled with other minor factors, caused a gunfight between gang members.
From 1981 to 1987, Carter starred in the NBC sitcom Gimme a Break!.
In 1980, he founded his own production company, called Les Films du Loup, and later Les Films du Dauphin.
As he matured, however, Scott's acting improved while his features became burnished and leathery, turning him into the ideal "strong, silent" type of stoic hero.
As a young woman, she moved in a celebrated group of intellectuals known as the Coterie, most of whom were killed in the First World War.
Craig Joseph Charles is a British actor, comedian, author, poet, television presenter and DJ.
Starting in the 1970s, he was one of the most popular acoustic artists of the decade and one of its best-selling artists.
For portraying Augustus in the historical drama Cleopatra, he was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor – Motion Picture.
But, in America I am known as the cuchi-cuchi girl.
In 2017, she starred as Belle in a live-action adaptation of Beauty and the Beast.
Carson died at Fort Lyon, Colorado, of an aortic aneurysm on May 23, 1868.
William Kissam Vanderbilt I was an American heir, businessman, philanthropist and horsebreeder.
Julie Goodyear, MBE is an English television actress and media personality.
Her career went through several periods of eclipse, and she admitted that her success had often been at the expense of her personal relationships.
It has been called "the bible of mid-Victorian liberalism", and it raised Smiles to celebrity status almost overnight.
Mason's film debut was in the 1966 film Hot Rod Hullabaloo.
Fernando Enrique Carrillo Roselli is a Venezuelan actor.
Lavigne took a break from recording music, pursuing careers in feature film acting and designing clothes and perfumes.
He is a World War II veteran.
She received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 2010.
He is no longer affiliated with Focus on the Family.
Cronenberg's films have polarized audiences and critics alike; he has earned critical acclaim and has sparked controversy for his depictions of gore and violence.
Her own cookware range, Living Kitchen, has a value of £7 million, and she has sold more than 3 million cookery books worldwide to date.
Sir Derek Jules Gaspard Ulric Niven van den Bogaerde, known as Dirk Bogarde, was an English actor and writer.
Her 1000 products were found in the luxury market in 22 countries.
It is also estimated that around 650 of these instruments survive, including 450 to 512 violins.
Over the next eleven years, Bakshi directed seven additional animated features.
Savarkar was also an atheist and a staunch rationalist who disapproved of orthodox Hindu belief, dismissing cow worship as superstitious.
In 1978 Bindon was tried for the murder of London gangster Johnny Darke.
He was the host of the television variety program The Dean Martin Show and The Dean Martin Celebrity Roast.
"An activist's job is to make public civil rights issues until there can be a climate for change."
As of 2016, he has been the subject of six biographies—in 1975, 1985, Weinberg 1989, Blumay 1992, Epstein 1996, and Alef 2009; and two autobiographies.
He was also well known as a panelist on the popular NBC game show Hollywood Squares.
He is known for his high-risk moves.
Louis Zocchi, Technical Sergeant, USAF, is a gaming hobbyist, former game distributor and publisher, and maker and seller of polyhedral game dice.
William W. "Bill" Gothard, Jr. is an American Christian minister, speaker, and writer, and the founder of the Institute in Basic Life Principles.
He was extremely generous with time, his resources, and a shortbread that he loved made for him by a local friend.
He is the brother of retired Indian diplomat Aftab Seth.
He is widely considered one of the leading Romantic era composers, and his music is part of the standard classical repertoire worldwide.
In 1947 he was convicted by the North Korean government of spying for South Korea and given a five-year sentence to the Hŭngnam labor camp.
Raphael Vincent "Ray" Taliaferro is an American radio host and liberal political commentator.
His managed list of major stars were a who's-who in not only music, but also movies and television.
She returned to the public eye in 2009 with an appearance on Dancing with the Stars.
Born in Brantford, Ontario, Hartman and his family moved to the United States in 1958.
The film garnered strong reviews and received an Academy Award nomination for Ellen Burstyn's performance.
Frye remained with the series until its end in April 2003.
In 1966 he became principal hornist of the BBC Symphony Orchestra, remaining there until his retirement in 1988.
According to information on his unofficial website, he also wrote the first unsolicited short story ever accepted by National Lampoon.
The United States Navy ship, USS Arthur Middleton, was named for him.
His work frequently focuses on corporate malfeasance but has also been known to work with labor unions and consumer advocacy groups.
I use the very simple notation n!
She met Trinny Woodall in 1994 who both proceeded to write a weekly fashion column, Ready to Wear.
Weisz appeared in the film, The Mummy in 1999, and The Mummy Returns in 2001.
She was a prominent social figure and hostess, who was born into the wealthy Vanderbilt family and married into the Whitney family.
In the aftermath of the revolutionaries' victory over Huerta, they attempted to sort out power relations in the Convention of Aguascalientes.
Wilson was the man behind some of Manchester's most successful bands.
That same year, Kim Stanley was inducted into the American Theatre Hall of Fame.
He also used dead insects and other animals as protagonists of his films.
Michael Joseph Farrell, Jr. is an American actor, best known for his role as Captain B.J.
Lana Jean Clarkson was an American actress and fashion model.
Elizabeth Victoria Montgomery was an American film, stage, and television actress whose career spanned five decades.
Putin's government took further actions against Yukos, leading to a collapse of the company's share price and the evaporation of much of Khodorkovsky's wealth.
His writing extends back to the 1980s, when he was a regular columnist in a variety of magazines.
He was also nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Television Series Musical or Comedy for his role in the TV series Graves.
O'Neal trained as an amateur boxer before beginning his career in acting in 1960.
His current project is Shroud of the Avatar: Forsaken Virtues where his primary role is as CEO and Creative Director.
He remains famous for his futuristic television programmes, especially his 1960s productions filmed with "Supermarionation".
Zapata and Villa broke with Carranza, and Mexico descended into civil war among the winners.
Turner has also devoted his assets to environmental causes.
On television, she appeared in the soap opera Love of Life and received an Emmy Award nomination for her recurring role in the sitcom Frasier.
Since 2012 he has played the title role in the TV adaptations of the Jack Irish stories by Australian crime writer Peter Temple.
In 2015 and 2016 he was listed on the Worth Magazine Power 100 list.
When he received the Nobel Prize in 1921, he transferred the money to Marić, chiefly to support their sons; she had access to the interest.
Vinayak Narahari "Vinoba" Bhave was an Indian advocate of nonviolence and human rights.
Eugène Borel was a Swiss politician and member of the Swiss Federal Council.
His son, Donald Campbell, carried on the family tradition by holding both land speed and water speed records.
He was a comedy writer, comedian and actor and was also well known on television as a presenter and game show host.
Mundie attended all meetings of the Bilderberg Group between 2003 and 2015.
In June 2011, she received a fellowship from the British Film Institute.
Frank Vincent Zappa was an American musician, activist and filmmaker.
Over the years, she has been censored, prosecuted, and heavily fined for publishing "offensive" literature.
These included the sale of arms to opposing sides in conflicts, sometimes delivering fake or faulty machinery, and reportedly sabotaging trade demonstrations.
An activist as well as a scholar, he produced many political works.
Community records in Sandersville, where she was born, indicate her father died at age 107 and her great-grandfather died at age 110.
In 1965, he was featured as Major Wolenski in Battle of the Bulge.
His Navy service placed him in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba in 1952, and in the Mediterranean Sea during the 1958 Lebanon Crisis.
Myra Maybelle Shirley Reed Starr, better known as Belle Starr, was a notorious American outlaw.
The acclaim garnered by his independent films gave Nolan the opportunity to make the big-budget thriller Insomnia and the mystery drama The Prestige.
From 2011 to 2015, he starred as Walden Schmidt on the CBS sitcom Two and a Half Men.
Zenda has inspired many adaptations, most notably the 1937 Hollywood movie of the same name.
De Rossi is married to comedian and television host Ellen DeGeneres.
She was born Babette Valerie Louise Hobson in Larne, County Antrim, in present-day Northern Ireland.
The partnership lasted from 1941 until Morecambe's death in 1984.
The first of these films at Warners was The Maltese Falcon, which began a sequence in which he appeared with Humphrey Bogart and Sydney Greenstreet.
He was a senior producer at Revision3.
In 1949 he established his eponymous company Combe Incorporated in White Plains, New York.
The album produced two successful singles: "Wind It Up" and the album's title track "The Sweet Escape".
A month later, she was arrested and subsequently tried for the murder of both children.
Although gunpowder was first invented and described in China, Bacon was the first in Europe to record its formula.
She has modeled for Calvin Klein Inc. and has been a spokeswoman for L'Oréal since 1986, celebrating 30 years with the company in 2016.
Over his career, he received three Academy Award nominations for Best Actor, winning one.
In 2008, Hapag-Lloyd was acquired by the City of Hamburg and a group of private investors, the so-called Albert Ballin Consortium.
He also played an important role in digitizing Chinese classics late in his life.
Gene Kelly, another star in filmed dance, said that "the history of dance on film begins with Astaire."
Morgan Freeman is ranked as the 4th highest box office star with over $4.316 billion total box office gross, an average of $74.4 million per film.
Her performance was critically acclaimed and she received her second Primetime Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Miniseries or a Movie.
The Authority would later expand into a stable with its co-leaders Triple H and herself.
He is married to Tiina Matvere and they have daughter Matilde and son Oskar.
Lars Magnus was born in Värmskog, Värmland, and grew up in the small village of Vegerbol located between Karlstad and Arvika.
The building was destroyed the following year.
He also hosted Gunny Time on the Outdoor channel.
Evans was killed by police on 5 January 1976, at his home in Los Angeles.
His study of mental disorder made him one of the founders of American psychiatry.
After that came 2012's critically acclaimed Django Unchained, a Western film set in the antebellum era of the Deep South.
Alcott became friends with Ralph Waldo Emerson and became a major figure in transcendentalism.
She has appeared in advertisements and is a blogger for The Huffington Post.
Called to testify before the U.S. Congressional House Committee on Un-American Activities, he denied communist affiliation and refused to "name names", effectively ending his film career.
She has since opened an organic specialty clothing shop for children, The Little Seed, in Los Angeles.
Deborah Kerr CBE was a Scottish-born film, theatre and television actress.
Trout and Emily Jennings Stowe were together the first women admitted to the Toronto School of Medicine, by special arrangement.
She first gained national attention at the age of 14 when she was abducted from her home in Salt Lake City and rescued nine months later.
David Mansfield Bromige is a Canadian-American poet who resided in northern California from 1962 onward.
He died at age 45 while trying to set a depth record by diving the world's deepest sinkhole, Mexico's 1,080-foot deep, Zacatón, a fresh water cenote.
Sarah enjoyed a "long and devoted" relationship with her husband of more than 40 years, John Churchill, 1st Duke of Marlborough.
Sir Richard Quain, 1st Baronet, was an Irish physician.
In the early 1960s, Evans was employed as a telephone engineer, and also worked part-time as a bouncer at the Cavern Club.
Moore dropped out of high school at age 16 to pursue an acting career and appeared in the men's magazine Oui in 1981.
In 1993 Novak was honored with an honorary doctorate degree at Universidad Francisco Marroquín due to his commitment to the idea of liberty.
Later, McCorvey's views on abortion changed substantially; she became a Roman Catholic activist in the pro-life movement.
After the 1957 Apalachin Convention, he unexpectedly seized control of the Commission of the American Mafia.
In his performances he often expresses that his magic tricks are achieved through purely psychological means.
He was the father of Marlo Thomas, Terre Thomas, and Tony Thomas.
Leo Henricus Arthur Baekeland FRSE(Hon) was a Belgian-American chemist.
After her drama school education, Leigh appeared in small roles in four films in 1935 and progressed to the role of heroine in Fire Over England.
Donát Bánki was a Hungarian mechanical engineer and inventor.
As a child, van Meegeren developed an enthusiasm for the paintings of the Dutch Golden Age, and later set out to become an artist himself.
Jean-Talon is a provincial electoral riding in the Capitale-Nationale region of Quebec, Canada.
Two weeks later, George W. Bush—governor of Texas at the time—declared Selena's birthday Selena Day in Texas.
Parra describes himself as an "anti-poet," due to his distaste for standard poetic pomp and function; after recitations he exclaims "Me retracto de todo lo dicho".
In 2014, Farrell starred as Peter Lake in the supernatural fable Winter's Tale, an adaptation of the novel of the same name by Mark Helprin.
His power as a "star-handler" was such that eventually forces in the entertainment industry combined against him and M.C.A., resulting in lawsuits in 1962.
In 1994, Arnett's book Live from the Battlefield: From Vietnam to Baghdad, 35 Years in the World's War Zones was published.
He also created, wrote, directed and produced his own TV show, which he titled This Can't Be My Life.
In 1919, Chaplin co-founded the distribution company United Artists, which gave him complete control over his films.
His impact on professional sports is still well-felt today.
She translates texts from all fields mentioned from English, French, Italian and Spanish to Slovenian language.
Most modern commentators have concluded that Grandier was the victim of a politically motivated persecution led by the powerful Cardinal Richelieu.
Following the breakup of the group, Shearer co-wrote the film Real Life with Albert Brooks and started writing for Martin Mull's television series Fernwood 2 Night.
From 2006-2009, he was Vice President of the European Broadcasting Union and represented public broadcasters on the advisory group to the UN's Internet Governance Forum.
He acted in the films Drumline, Love Don't Cost a Thing, and Roll Bounce.
For a time, Demosthenes made his living as a professional speech-writer and a lawyer, writing speeches for use in private legal suits.
In April 2013, the Nine Network announced that she would become the fourth judge on Australia's Got Talent.
Her first album, Baduizm, was released on February 11, 1997.
In addition to directing, Van Sant wrote the screenplays for several of his earlier works, and is the author of a novel entitled Pink.
Unfortunately he became too weak for doctors to operate.
They have earned a reputation for avoiding publicity, and are often described as reclusive.
William Hepworth Thompson was an English classical scholar and Master of Trinity College, Cambridge.
Stiller is a member of a group of comedic actors colloquially known as the Frat Pack.
O'Mara made her stage debut in a 1963 production of The Merchant of Venice.
In addition to Guns N' Roses, he is also the current lead singer of AC/DC since 2016.
He was born into a musical family, and his first successes were as a songwriter.
He founded the Sir Arthur Conan Doyle Foundation in Switzerland in 1965.
He was nominated for Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy for The Heartbreak Kid in 1972.
Sinatra would later receive the Golden Globe Cecil B. DeMille Award in 1971.
Since 1985 he has been at the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute; he was a visiting professor at Harvey Mudd College and Colgate University.
In Hearst's declining years, Davies provided financial as well as emotional support until his death in 1951.
Brennan launched The Jerky Boys Show with Johnny Brennan as a free podcast in October 2011.
Corvette Captain Georg Johannes Ritter von Trapp, often incorrectly referred to as Baron von Trapp, was an Austro-Hungarian Navy officer.
She emigrated from Hungary to the United States in 1941.
According to Billboard Spears has sold about 22.38 million singles in digital downloads in US and is the fourth best-selling female artist since Nielsen SoundScan began.
Her life has been recorded in the biography Red Bird, Red Power: The Life and Legacy of Zitkála-Šá.
He was nominated for a BAFTA Award for portraying a young Spike Milligan in Adolf Hitler: My Part in His Downfall.
She was also the first Australian to be nominated for an Oscar.
Stewart died in South Africa, aged 71, in November 1989.
In 1999, Kevorkian was arrested and tried for his direct role in a case of voluntary euthanasia.
Confidential and for his voiceover in such films as Space Jam, Hercules and The Lorax.
Priscilla Maria Veronica White OBE, known by her stage name Cilla Black, was an English singer, television presenter, actress, and author.
Sinatra left Capitol in 1960 to start his own record label, Reprise Records, and released a string of successful albums.
She is the daughter of the actor Klaus Kinski.
Sir Michael Scudamore Redgrave CBE was an English stage and film actor, director, manager, and author.
He organized and was the first director of the Perkins Institution.
While living in Mayagüez he sang and acted in various amateur radio and television broadcasts, as well as in high school talent shows.
In 2002 he was named in the BBC's poll of the 100 Greatest Britons.
Along with his disciple Āryadeva, he is considered to be the founder of the Madhyamaka school of Mahāyāna Buddhism.
In 2012, he sold his production company, So Television, to ITV for around £17 million.
She has held the WWF Women's Championship once.
In March 2013, NPR, National Public Radio in America, called her "Africa's greatest living diva".
In 1701, he founded Fort Pontchartrain du Détroit, the future city of Detroit, which he commanded until 1710.
Resident in Mantua, he was known as 'Il Mantovano Volante' and nicknamed 'Nivola'.
Roy Chapman Andrews was an American explorer, adventurer and naturalist who became the director of the American Museum of Natural History.
The second single, “Let Me Go”, was released on July 11, 2011.
He spent his last years in Bohemia as a librarian in Count Waldstein's household, where he also wrote the story of his life.
Julian Beck was an American actor, director, poet, and painter.
Since 2010, Farrakhan has advocated L Ron Hubbard's Dianetics and the use of its "auditing" technique despite not being a Scientologist.
Friedrich Gottlieb Klopstock was a German poet.
On March 31, 1995, Selena was shot dead by Yolanda Saldívar, her friend and former employee of her Selena Etc.
Gerard Slevin was born in Cork, Ireland.
Several of his films are included in the National Film Registry by the Library of Congress.
Maria Leissner is a Swedish politician and former party leader of the Swedish Liberal People's Party.
Maurice Auguste Chevalier was a French actor, cabaret singer and entertainer.
Black's career spanned over fifty years, and includes nearly two hundred film credits.
The role won her two Emmy Awards.
From 2010 to 2013, he had a recurring role on the drama spy fiction series Nikita as Owen Elliot.
As a young adult, Boone supplemented his farm income by hunting and trapping game, and selling their pelts in the fur market.
He was also the first one to predict the rotation of earth on its axis.
Etwas ganz Neues kann heute zum Segen aller Völker geschaffen werden.
However, actors especially enjoyed working under his direction because he encouraged them to improvise, thereby inspiring their own creativity.
He came up with a way of compressing the information in a state, and storing the information in a smaller number of states.
He followed that with the Godfatheresque Nayagan, which is regarded as a cult film over the years.
The unsolved death of Mattei has obsessed Italy for years and was the subject of an award-winning film The Mattei Affair by Francesco Rosi in 1972.
Thomas Trail Fenton is a former television correspondent who retired in 2004 after a 34-year career with CBS News.
Herer also founded and served as the director of the organization Help End Marijuana Prohibition.
Mary Harris "Mother" Jones was an Irish-born American schoolteacher and dressmaker who became a prominent organized labor representative and community organizer.
Gerard and his younger brother Anton Philips changed the business to a corporation by founding in 1912 the NV Philips' Gloeilampenfabrieken.
Kimila Ann "Kim" Basinger is an American actress, singer and former fashion model.
With his solar and lunar theories and his trigonometry, he may have been the first to develop a reliable method to predict solar eclipses.
In 2016, he guest-starred in the horror-comedy series Scream Queens.
Nikolaj Frederik Severin Grundtvig, most often referred to as N. F. S. Grundtvig, was a Danish pastor, author, poet, philosopher, historian, teacher and politician.
In 1978 he co-starred as a prisoner in Midnight Express.
He was the commander of Fort de Buade, modern-day St. Ignace, Michigan, in 1694.
His films were popular, especially his performances of patter songs and favorites such as "Inchworm" and "The Ugly Duckling".
Other works in this form include Year Zero, about the aftermath of the Pol Pot regime in Cambodia, and Death of a Nation: The Timor Conspiracy.
Russell wrote many articles, books, tracts, pamphlets and sermons, totaling approximately 50,000 printed pages.
This belief grew in the 18th century and led to French expeditions such as those of Bouvet, Bougainville, and Kerguelen.
He was celebrated for his virtuosity and for the depth and intensity of his characterizations.
Patti Ann LuPone is an American actress and singer, best known for her work in stage musicals.
His double disc albums All Eyez on Me and his Greatest Hits are among the best-selling albums in the United States.
He was a member of the show's Wack Pack.
In his early works he focused on technology and its impact, which he termed "information overload."
Gil started to play music as a child and was still a teenager when he joined his first band.
Day initially lived a bohemian lifestyle before gaining fame as a social activist after her conversion.
Chloë Stevens Sevigny  is an American actress, fashion designer, director, and former model.
Afterwards, Crane returned to performing in dinner theaters and also appeared in occasional guest spots on television.
Evelyn Lee Marie Sampi, known professionally as Everlyn Sampi, is an Australian actress.
She died in the September 11 attacks.
Lina Wertmüller is an Italian screenwriter and film director.
Cruz has modelled for Mango, Ralph Lauren and L'Oréal.
The life of Theo Angelopoulos, his work, and his passion were the subject of a documentary directed in 2008 by Elodie Lelu.
She served as president of The Thalians, an organization dedicated to mental health causes.
Shem is mentioned in Genesis 5:32, 6:10; 7:13; 9:18,23,26-27; 10; 11:10; also in 1 Chronicles 1:4.
Corwin was among the first producers to regularly use entertainment—even light entertainment—to tackle serious social issues.
Known as "Oklahoma's Favorite Son", Rogers was born to a prominent Cherokee Nation family in Indian Territory.
He is credited with designing the now widely used anarcho-syndicalist image, the black cat.
He created and starred in one of the most successful and long running situation comedies in the history of American network television.
In 2001, he was inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame, which he chose not to attend.
Nallon began his career as a stand-up performer on the northern club circuit in the 1970s.
He was posthumously inducted into the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 1991, and as a Disney Legend in 2011.
Andrew Stephen "Andy" Grove was a Hungarian-born American businessman, engineer, author and a science pioneer in the semiconductor industry.
Marcus Daly was an Irish-born American businessman known as one of the three "Copper Kings" of Butte, Montana, United States.
Although he left drug-dealing to pursue a musical career, in 2000 he was shot nine times.
Born in Reykjavík, he lived in Scotland for almost all of his life, although he never took British citizenship.
She gained an international following as the leading theoretician of Theosophy, the esoteric religion that the society promoted.
A last minute reprieve saved Squanto from being handed over for execution.
Winner is known for his articles and books on science, technology, and society.
After the war, she worked in leper hospitals in Africa.
The details of his death have never been documented.
An actress of notable versatility, she was called Woman of a Thousand Faces by Doug McClelland, author of a biography of Parker by the same title.
She also produced his work at other theatres she managed.
Researchers have also connected Al-Qaeda member Saif al-Adel with the kidnapping.
She modeled for fashion companies including Guess, H&M, Heatherette, and Lane Bryant.
Despite significant decreases during the 1920s, overall membership increased more than sixfold by the end of Rutherford's 25 years as president.
Along with fellow physician Herophilus, he founded a school of anatomy in Alexandria, where they carried out anatomical research.
Richard Deeley is recorded as being born in Derby although census returns indicate that he was born In Chester.
In January 20, 1968, Tate got married to Roman Polanski, her director and co-star in 1967's The Fearless Vampire Killers.
He promotes veganism, and a biocentric, rather than anthropocentric, worldview.
Other notable films include Boys and Girls, The Medallion and In the Name of the King.
He was educated at Westminster School and Trinity College, Cambridge.
In his later years he was outspoken on religious and moral issues.
He has won several prestigious accolades for his contributions to the video game industry.
He began his career as a child and starred in the PBS educational series The Voyage of the Mimi.
He was a teacher for the officers of the NKVD.
Jada Koren Pinkett–Smith is an American actress, dancer, singer-songwriter, and businesswoman.
Colt's first two business ventures were producing firearms in Paterson, New Jersey and making underwater mines; both ended in disappointment.
He has also directed numerous episodes of TV shows, including Homicide: Life on the Street, The Sopranos, Oz, 30 Rock, and Nurse Jackie.
He is best known for his essays, his associations with other men of letters, and as the father of British Prime Minister Benjamin Disraeli.
In addition, he released three albums, including The Satanic Mass, Satan Takes a Holiday, and Strange Music.
Peltier became eligible for parole in 1993; his next scheduled parole hearing will be in July 2024, when Peltier is 79.
A biography of Crawford by Kitty Hauser was published in 2008.
In 2014, Leoni returned to television with the leading role in the CBS political drama series, Madam Secretary.
Witherspoon owns a production company, Hello Sunshine, and she is actively involved in children's and women's advocacy organizations.
In 1982, she released her self-titled debut album and her first posters began appearing as a part of the promotion.
Suffering from depression and alcoholism as her marriage ended, she died in 1982, two years after her divorce.
After the Civil War, Douglass remained an active campaigner against slavery and wrote his last autobiography, Life and Times of Frederick Douglass.
In 2013, Spears launched a career in country music.
He is remembered for having instituted the Tenpō Reforms.
As a result, much of his work was not published until the first decade of the 20th century.
He wrote his letters in French and signed Louis.
Inspired by pop music from the 1980s, the album was met with both critical and commercial success.
In 1993, Fitzgerald capped off her fifty-nine year career with her last public performance.
In the late 1990s he switched sides, aligning himself with the Democratic Party, and in particular with Bill and Hillary Clinton.
Among those innovations were story conferences with writers, sneak previews to gain early feedback, and extensive re-shooting of scenes to improve the film.
He then directed another crime comedy, Snatch.
He was born in Dijon and died in Langres.
He popularized the word evangelist in marketing the Macintosh and the concepts of evangelism marketing and technology evangelism.
Sarah Siddons was a Welsh-born actress, the best-known tragedienne of the 18th century.
Philip Arnold Heseltine, known by the pseudonym Peter Warlock, was a British composer and music critic.
She would make several shorts but mostly worked in New York City on stage.
She is also known for her starring roles in the box-office hits Ghostbusters, Ghostbusters II, and Avatar.
She has since continued her acting career working mainly as a voice actor.
Caruso also made approximately 260 commercially released recordings from 1902 to 1920.
He was inducted into the American Theater Hall of Fame in 2007.
President Richard Nixon once described Leary as "the most dangerous man in America".
Marvin Gaye was an American singer, songwriter, session drummer, and record producer.
She opposed giving added legal protection and voting rights to African American men while women, black and white, were denied those same rights.
Selena signed with EMI Latin in 1989 and released her self-titled debut album the same year, while her brother became her principal music producer and songwriter.
Born in the South Jamaica neighborhood of the borough of Queens, Jackson began selling drugs at age twelve during the 1980s crack epidemic.
Thalberg created numerous new stars and groomed their screen images.
He later worked for Hanna-Barbera's television cartoons, most notably as the voices of Barney Rubble on The Flintstones and Mr. Spacely on The Jetsons.
Rupert Alexander Lloyd Grint is an English actor and producer.
Marion Mitchell Morrison, known professionally as John Wayne and nicknamed Duke, was an American actor and filmmaker.
Later she choreographed Push Comes to Shove, which featured Mikhail Baryshnikov and is now thought to be the best example of the crossover ballet.
In his works, he argued that Hitler did not know of the extermination of Jews or, if he did, opposed it.
Kate Douglas Wiggin was an American educator and author of children's stories, most notably the classic children's novel Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm.
Wesley Earl Craven was an American film director, writer, producer and actor.
After that expedition's completion in 1959, he helped to publish its results.
She has won 22 Grammy Awards and is the most nominated woman in the award's history.
She became an international icon of resistance to racial segregation.
He is best known for the Disney cartoon character Donald Duck, whose distinctive voice he provided for 50 years.
Farrell was a producer of Patch Adams starring Robin Williams, and starred in the television series Providence.
He was convicted of jury tampering, attempted bribery, and fraud in 1964, in two separate trials.
His start in stand-up comedy began at the hungry i in San Francisco; he then landed a starring role in the 1960s television show I Spy.
He oversaw major restructuring of the World Service, and its opening of Arabic and Persian television, as well as commercial interactive services.
She won best actress for Images at the 1972 Cannes Film Festival.
His purchase of an Atlanta UHF station in 1970 began the Turner Broadcasting System.
His career started in journalism and bears influences of notable writers in his family, such as his father Paul Theroux and brother Marcel.
Significant media coverage was given to the killing and what role Shepard's sexual orientation might have played as a motive in the commission of the crime.
In the first of these she played a 1970s pornographic actress, while the other three featured her as an unhappy, mid-20th century housewife.
Christian Ludolf "Buddy" Ebsen, Jr. was an American singer, dancer, author, film, television and character actor, whose career spanned seven decades.
In 2008, she co-founded the production company Echo Films.
This system is sometimes referred to as the Chuquet-Peletier system.
His spheres of science were natural science, chemistry, physics, mineralogy, history, art, philology, optical devices and others.
Jim Wickwire was the first American to summit K2, the second highest mountain in the world.
Charlotte Saunders Cushman was an American stage actress.
In 1914, Grainger moved to the United States, where he lived for the rest of his life, though he travelled widely in Europe and in Australia.
Vaslav Nijinsky was a Russian ballet dancer and choreographer of Polish descent, cited as the greatest male dancer of the early 20th century.
Robert Selden Duvall is an American actor and filmmaker.
In March 1932, he was found dead in the bedroom of his flat in Paris.
Linkletter was famous for interviewing children on House Party and Kids Say the Darndest Things, which led to a series of books quoting children.
In 1976, he released the album Wanted!
He appeared in more than 100 films over 35 years.
At the peak of his career, in 1971, British exhibitors voted Reed 5th most popular star at the box office.
Fernand Braudel was a French historian and a leader of the Annales School.
Prophetstown grew into a large, multi-tribal community and a central point in Tecumseh's political and military alliance.
Her other television roles include the BBC drama HolbyBlue and the ITV drama Grantchester.
His work in television includes the pilot episode of the HBO series Boardwalk Empire and Vinyl, the latter of which he also co-created.
Christy Carlson Romano is an American actress and singer.
Her leading role of Tracy Flick in Election was nominated for a Golden Globe Award.
However, no biography of him can be written, as there are few facts available.
Schindler continued to collect information for the Nazis, working in Poland in 1939 before the invasion of Poland at the start of World War II.
He served there from 1946 to 1952.
At the 2002 Cannes Film Festival, Outinen won the award for Best Actress for the Kaurismäki film The Man Without a Past.
Greg is the brother of Geri Palast.
He is also notable, though not a professional actor, for playing a minor role in the Academy Award winning film Chariots of Fire.
It was not until they started cooperating with Henrik Tore Cedergren in 1883 that the company would start to grow into the Ericsson corporation.
He was the leader and founder of the Multigroup organization and G-13.
Gaye's later recordings influenced several contemporary R&B subgenres, such as quiet storm and neo soul.
The three works were part of what Peake conceived as a lengthy cycle, the completion of which was prevented by his death.
They found Frank Stilwell lying in wait as Virgil boarded a train for California and killed him.
He became addicted to alcohol, particularly brandy and champagne, and acquired a reputation for decadence and dark humour; his nickname was "Moon the Loon."
In August 2008 Martin died from complications of an arm bone fracture in San Francisco.
Julia Fiona Roberts is an American actress and producer.
Martha Helen Stewart is an American businesswoman, writer, and television personality.
Born to a peasant family in the Siberian village of Pokrovskoye, Rasputin had a religious conversion experience after taking a pilgrimage to a monastery in 1897.
Abolitionists and advocates of racial equality promoted and praised his works.
In addition to his talent as a drummer, however, Moon developed a reputation for smashing his kit on stage and destroying hotel rooms on tour.
Huppert is the most nominated actress for the Molière Award, with 7 nominations.
He has had starring roles in Driving Lessons, a dramedy released in 2006, and Cherrybomb, a drama film of limited release in 2010.
He also introduced the principle whereby the country that owned exploited oil reserves received 75% of the profits.
She was married for ten years to the playwright and screenwriter Neil Simon, who was the writer of three of her four Oscar-nominated roles.
Gambino was known for being low-key and secretive.
Chapman eventually established a writing partnership with John Cleese, which reached its critical peak with Monty Python in the 1970s.
Gutenberg's method for making type is traditionally considered to have included a type metal alloy and a hand mould for casting type.
She received four Primetime Emmy Award nominations for playing the character, winning the award in 1978.
In 2008, he put his acting career on hold to pursue an open wheel racing career.
They were married on 14 November 1965 in Las Vegas, but they separated after 5 months of marriage apparently due to his homosexuality.
Her acting was well received by critics and audiences, and she became one of the biggest box-office draws of the 1940s.
She had contracts with RKO and Paramount Pictures during the 1930s, and appeared in a string of B movies, mostly portraying co-eds.
In 1972, he was involved in founding the Black People's Convention to promote Black Consciousness ideas among the wider population.
Active as a musician for over a decade, he played bass guitar for the bands Dogstar and Becky.
She retired from the screen in 1937, choosing to devote herself to Hearst and charitable work.
Verdi was born near Busseto to a provincial family of moderate means, and developed a musical education with the help of a local patron.
He was called "The Boy Wonder" for his youth, innate commercial instincts, and keen administrative skill.
In 2016, he portrayed Percival Graves in the Harry Potter spin-off film Fantastic Beasts and Where To Find Them.
Sullavan experienced increasing hearing problems, depression, and mental frailty in the 1950s.
Early in her career, Badu was recognizable for her eccentric style, which often included wearing very large and colorful headwraps.
Ludwig van Beethoven was a German composer and pianist.
On April 1, 1984, Gaye's father, Marvin Gay Sr., fatally shot him at their house in the West Adams district of Los Angeles.
Valerie Ritchie Perrine is an American actress and model.
She is best known for assisting Nicky Campbell on the UK version of the game show Wheel of Fortune between 1989 and 1994.
Brown recorded 16 singles that reached number one on the Billboard R&B charts.
Fisk holds numerous British and international journalism awards, including the Press Awards Foreign Reporter of the Year seven times.
Boortz's involvement with the FairTax is covered in the documentary film An Inconvenient Tax.
Veteran documentarian Larry Weinstein's Leslie Caron: The Reluctant Star premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival on June 28, 2016.
Oscar Levant was an American pianist, composer, author, comedian, and actor.
Frederic Ogden Nash was an American poet well known for his light verse, of which he wrote over 500 pieces.
In 1944, he was the second architect in history to posthumously receive the AIA Gold Medal.
Aside from the event of his death, along with Samuel Gray and James Caldwell, little is known for certain about Attucks.
Colin "Col" Needham is an English entrepreneur who is best known as the founder and CEO of IMDb.
Carole Lombard was an American film actress.
He died in North America in 1939.
Thanks to the video of this hit, the line dance catapulted into the mainstream, becoming a worldwide craze.
Drudge has also written a book and hosted a radio show and a television show.
His most recent contract, signed on July 31, 2016, will take his radio program to 2020, its 32nd year.
Nick Hancock is an English actor and television presenter.
With a career of over 60 years at the film studio Suomi-Filmi, Orko rose to be head of production and chief director in the 1930s.
1 is the first steam locomotive to carry passengers on a public rail line, the Stockton and Darlington Railway in 1825.
Within hours of the acquittals, the 1992 Los Angeles riots started, based on outrage about the verdicts by African Americans.
His notable books related to Scouting include The Birch Bark Roll and the Boy Scout Handbook.
A former competitive figure skater, he suffered a serious injury which removed him from competition.
A revival of interest in her writing has occurred since the late 20th century, when issues of racial and sexual identity have been studied.
He argued, for example, that a balance between oral and written forms of communication contributed to the flourishing of Greek civilization in the 5th century BC.
After relocating, he worked as a broadcaster and journalist for the BBC World Service, the US-funded Radio Free Europe, and Germany's Deutsche Welle.
Adolf Anton Wilhelm Wohlbrück was an Austrian actor who settled in the United Kingdom under the name Anton Walbrook.
She signed with MGM in 1943, and rose to fame the following year in Two Girls and a Sailor.
Dorothy also had great success on the stage, and was inducted into the American Theatre Hall of Fame.
His firm would eventually acquire a textile manufacturing firm called Berkshire Hathaway and assume its name to create a diversified holding company.
After Castellano's death, Gotti elevated Gravano to underboss, a position he held at the time he became a government witness.
After one hung jury, he was found not guilty by reason of insanity.
He was one of the first American commercial artists to embrace and practice the Swiss Style of graphic design.
He is known for his extensive travels, accounts of which were published in his Travels.
In the course of nearly four decades of political organizing, Alinsky received much criticism, but also gained praise from many public figures.
Other films of his, such as Mouchette and L'Argent, also received many votes.
Two years later, in 1994, Resnick would team up with Elliott again for the motion picture Cabin Boy.
He subsequently reached the North Pole, making him the first person to reach both poles and summit Everest.
Arthur Bertram "Art" Modell was an American businessman, entrepreneur and National Football League team owner.
John Witherspoon was a Scottish-American Presbyterian minister and a Founding Father of the United States.
The siblings have worked as a writing and directing unit throughout their professional film careers from Bound through the first season of Sense8.
Dr. Rafael José Diaz is a Puerto Rican actor, singer and television host.
He then worked on other projects, including a string of failed television pilots.
In 1998, he was awarded the first NAACP Vanguard Award "in recognition of the strong social themes that ran through his body of work."
In the 1960s, she starred for two seasons as Catwoman in the television series Batman.
David Shepard Smith Jr., known better as Shepard Smith or Shep Smith, is an American television news anchor.
After the dissolving of Proyecto M, Lozada took on acting participating in several Latin telenovelas.
He won a BAFTA for best light entertainment performance four times, among other awards, and received an OBE in 1978.
She ran a prostitution ring based in Los Angeles, California, and is often referred to as the "Hollywood Madam".
Moyles has recorded two parody albums and written two autobiographies.
A major figure in the postwar renaissance of Hasidism, he espoused a strictly conservative and isolationist line, rejecting modernity.
His health, always fragile, continued to deteriorate and he died of tuberculosis in 1907.
Marsters appeared in a supporting role in the 2007 movie P.S.
With Yes Minister writer Antony Jay, he co-founded Video Arts, a production company making entertaining training films.
In 1980, she founded the Jennifer Jones Simon Foundation for Mental Health and Education after her daughter's suicide.
He was a co-founder of Safe Water Network, a nonprofit that develops sustainable drinking water solutions for those in need.
He also made cameo appearances in several TV series, including Diff'rent Strokes, Nash Bridges, The Simpsons, My Wife and Kids, and The Wire.
Throughout his long career, he worked as a comic actor, writer, and director.
He also has a daughter from a relationship with actress Alexis Knapp.
His writings on behalf of that movement, however, are heavily criticized for being incoherent.
Moody earned a Golden Globe Award and an Academy Award nomination for the film, as well as a Tony Award nomination for the stage production.
According to papers in the SOHS Archives, Bretnor’s military background included service in the last cavalry unit in the U.S. Army.
By July 1944, Germany was losing the war; the SS began closing down the easternmost concentration camps and deporting the remaining prisoners westward.
The works Iwerks produced alongside Disney went on to win numerous awards, including multiple Academy Awards.
His satirical reporting on the Scopes trial, which he dubbed the "Monkey Trial", also gained him attention.
He himself tells us that his two ambitions were to become "honnête homme" and to distinguish himself in arms, but luck was against him.
Rogers remained successful throughout the 1940s and at one point was Hollywood's highest-paid actress, but her popularity had peaked by the end of the decade.
Martine Kimberley Sherri Ponting, known professionally as Martine McCutcheon, is an English singer, television personality, actress and occasional radio presenter.
Both in Britain and Germany, she was a prominent supporter of Nazism and fascism, and formed part of Hitler's inner circle of friends.
John Angus McPhee is an American writer, widely considered one of the pioneers of creative nonfiction.
Bhosle's career started in 1943 and has spanned over six decades.
He is best known for inventing the flight simulator, commercialized in 1929, called the "Blue Box" or "Link Trainer", which started a now multibillion-dollar industry.
For her role in the 1997 film The Ice Storm, she won the BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role.
He is remembered for playing iconic negative roles in Hindi cinema as well as other Indian and international film industries.
Robinson is a member of the Labour Party and has served on its National Executive Committee.
He has starred both in blockbuster films and smaller projects from independent producers and art houses.
He first made a name for himself as a film producer, and then became an influential figure in the aviation industry.
Unlike most inventors, he managed to bring his own projects to fruition and profited financially from their success.
Hiram "Harry" Bingham IV was an American diplomat.
He is considered the conquistador of much of Central America, including Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador.
John Cleves Symmes Jr. was an American Army officer, trader, and lecturer.
The dogs involved were two Presa Canarios: a male named Bane and a female named Hera.
Nāgārjuna is widely considered one of the most important Mahayana philosophers.
Some of his other films include dramas such as Rosewood in addition to action films such as Shaft, 2 Fast 2 Furious, and Four Brothers.
Letourneau was impregnated by Fualaau before her first arrest and gave birth to their first daughter while out on bail.
Armstrong initially became recognized when he succeeded his father as the voice of The World Tomorrow, the church's radio program that aired around the world.
Throughout World War II, she was a high-profile entertainer in the United States.
Stuart Heritage of The Guardian described The Texas Chain Saw Massacre as "one of the most influential films ever made".
She has been credited for helping redefine contemporary R&B, pop and hip hop, earning her the nicknames "Princess of R&B" and "Queen of Urban Pop".
He is also the founder of Allen Institute for Brain Science, Institute for Artificial Intelligence, Institute for Cell Science, and Vulcan Aerospace.
Usually, Troell writes his own scripts and serves as his own director of photography.
He was nominated for three Academy Awards and three Golden Globes.
Forbes Afrique put Kidjo on the cover of their "100 most influential women" issue in 2015.
She is known for her distinctive voice, mystical visual style, and symbolic lyrics.
In 2010, he was ranked as number 61 on Rolling Stone's list of the 100 greatest singers of all time.
The money she inherited from the Marlborough trust left her one of the richest women in Europe.
Bille August is a Danish Academy Award-winning film and television director.
Their films span many genres and styles, which they frequently subvert or parody.
Ross is known as an avid fan and collector of comic books and memorabilia, and has written his own comic books, Turf and America's Got Powers.
Ann Harding was an American theatre, motion picture, radio, and television actress.
Her other stage credits include the Ziegfeld Follies in 1956, and playing Lola in Damn Yankees!
Pamela Hayden is an American actress and voice actress, known for providing various voices for the animated television show The Simpsons.
Hubbard returned to the United States in 1975 and went into seclusion in the California desert.
In 1979, four years before his death, Williams was inducted into the American Theater Hall of Fame.
Juan Rodríguez Cabrillo born 1499(Palma del Río, Córdoba, Spain) , died January 3, 1543.
Some of Chaplin's early artwork was done for the International Socialist Review and other Charles H. Kerr publications.
Demi Gene Guynes, professionally known as Demi Moore, is an American actress, former songwriter, and model.
Various commentators have connected her to the Hagrites, perhaps as their eponymous ancestor.
A multi-millionaire, his net worth is over $43 million due to his success as the founder of Playboy magazine.
Philip "Phil" Foglio is an American cartoonist and comic book artist best known for his humorous science fiction and fantasy art.
She has been nominated for three Academy Awards.
William Luther Pierce III was an American white supremacist and political activist.
When the Civil War began, Tubman worked for the Union Army, first as a cook and nurse, and then as an armed scout and spy.
Initially a journalist on Inkundla Ya Bantu, he left journalism in 1943 and became a government nominated member of the Transkeian General Council until 1950.
His maternal uncle, Stephen Bocskai, persuaded him to return in late summer, but he could not make peace with the Ottoman Empire.
This album included the number one single "True Colors" and "Change of Heart", which peaked at number 3.
She was an important contributor to the formation of the wartime Women's Auxiliary Army Corps and Women Airforce Service Pilots.
Adamari López Torres is a Puerto Rican actress known for participating in several Puerto Rican and Mexican soap operas.
Brooke Kinsella, MBE is a British actress, author and anti-knife crime campaigner.
During his extensive career, Whitmore won a Tony, Grammy, Golden Globe, and an Emmy, and was nominated for two Academy Awards.
Tim Paterson is an American computer programmer, best known for creating 86-DOS, an operating system for the Intel 8086.
As professor at the University of Chicago, he was dissertation advisor to Carl Sagan.
The show propelled all three to stardom, but especially Fawcett.
She has also had supporting roles in FX's Rescue Me and HBO's How to Make It in America.
She also portrayed those characters in her successful one-woman show on Broadway in 1979.
His feature film Qivitoq was nominated for a Golden Palm at the 1957 Cannes Film Festival, and for an Oscar as Best Foreign Language Film.
She is best known for her portrayal of inmate Big Boo on Netflix original series Orange is the New Black.
Allan Kardec is the pen name of the French educator, translator and author Hippolyte Léon Denizard Rivail.
Monty Woolley was an American stage, film, radio, and television actor.
Ronald Dennis CBE is a British businessman and Official British Business Ambassador for The United Kingdom.
He starred in the sitcoms Porridge, its sequel Going Straight and Open All Hours.
His comic strip work has influenced generations of cartoonists and illustrators.
She taught her daughters the Polish language and took them on visits to Poland.
He was an authority on the early history of North America.
Christian Kane is an American actor and singer-songwriter.
Farrakhan himself, however, disputes this view of his ideology.
"The Nile sources," he told a friend, "are valuable only as a means of opening my mouth with power among men.
Shoko Asahara), is the founder of the Japanese doomsday cult group Aum Shinrikyo.
Lars von Trier is a Danish film director and screenwriter with a prolific and controversial career spanning almost four decades.
As a member of the American Mount Everest Expedition 1963 led by Norman Dyhrenfurth, he was the first American to reach the summit of Mount Everest.
Chief Brant relocated with most of his people to Upper Canada to the area which is now Six Nations Reserve, where he remained a prominent leader.
She began her career as a child actress.
He was part of several controversies with the Baptist Union of Great Britain and later he left the denomination over doctrinal convictions.
He studied in college to become a judge.
John Samuel Hagelin is the leader of the Transcendental Meditation movement in the United States.
Jesse probably died two years after his wife, in 1889.
After 1999, he appeared in smaller, non-comic roles in films.
His film Pelle the Conqueror from 1987 won the Palme d'Or, Academy Award and Golden Globe.
She played the title role in Calamity Jane, and starred in Hitchock's The Man Who Knew Too Much with James Stewart.
Morgenstern married Margareta Gosebruch von Liechtenstern on 7 March 1910.
He was the founder and president of Arista Records from 1975 through 2000 until founding J Records.
Treves came and took Merrick back to the London Hospital.
At his peak, Loyd was one of the best chess players in the US, and was ranked 15th in the world, according to chessmetrics.com.
Norman McLaren, CC CQ was a Scottish/Canadian animator, director and producer known for his work for the National Film Board of Canada.
She made her film debut in the drama Nowhere.
He is a recipient of the 2010 Kennedy Center Honors.
His career began August 16, 1996 when he entered Stern's studio at radio station WXRK in New York City.
Helen Hayes MacArthur was an American actress whose career spanned almost 80 years.
On March 29, 1900 Babson married his first wife Grace Margaret Knight, who died in 1956.
He discovered Pluto in 1930, the first object to be discovered in what would later be identified as the Kuiper belt.
Between 1920 and 1936 he designed many aircraft.
After his father's death in 1952, Murdoch declined to join his late father's registered public company and created his own private company, News Limited.
Historians have long argued whether Cabral was Brazil's discoverer, and whether the discovery was accidental or intentional.
She also won the 2010 International Emmy Award for Best Actress for her role as British author Enid Blyton in the TV film Enid.
He became active in the cause of preventing Communist infiltration in American unions.
Amongst other things, he is known for his graphic novel series, 2001 Nights.
He was also a noted gourmet cook.
Following the release of "Untitled," D'Angelo became more uncomfortable with his growing status as a sex symbol.
Moriarty is currently a Professor of Practice in the Interactive Media and Game Development program at Worcester Polytechnic Institute.
But unlike other comedy shows at the time, the dialogue was considered sharper, funnier, and more adult-oriented.
Agnetha Åse Fältskog is a Swedish recording artist.
He is usually credited as Caroll Spinney but has sometimes been credited using the alternate spelling Carroll Spinney or under the name Ed Spinney.
A third teaming with Cronenberg in A Dangerous Method resulted in a nomination for the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor - Motion Picture.
In 2012, the singer was ranked second on VH1's list of the "100 Greatest Women in Music."
However, Reeves has spent much of his later career being typecast.
Beginning his career at the Terrytoons television cartoon studio as a cel polisher, Bakshi was eventually promoted to animator, and then director.
Kate Elizabeth Winslet, CBE, is an English actress and singer.
Marrs is a prominent figure in the JFK conspiracy press and his book Crossfire was a source for Oliver Stone's film JFK.
He eventually moved his blog to various publishing platforms, including Time, The Atlantic, The Daily Beast, and finally an independent subscription-based format.
Sir Cameron Anthony Mackintosh is a British theatrical producer notable for his association with many commercially successful musicals.
She is known for her long-running role as Bart Simpson on the animated television series The Simpsons.
Nearly three hundred children were murdered, almost all of them by cyanide poisoning via a Flavor Aid mix.
William M. Adler's 2011 biography of Hill reveals new information about his alibi, which was never introduced at his trial.
Large-scale campaigns to capture Dublin and Sligo were both failures.
His criticism of president Richard Nixon during the Watergate scandal landed Conrad on Nixon's Enemies List, which Conrad regarded as a badge of honor.
Runeberg was also involved in the modernization of the Finnish Lutheran hymnal and produced many texts for the new edition.
This angered many conservatives, especially as Willkie increasingly advocated liberal or internationalist causes.
In 1984, she returned to Broadway in the revival of the play Design for Living.
It spawned three singles: "Bag Lady", which became her first top 10 single on the Billboard Hot 100 peaking at #6, "Didn't Cha Know?"
Cultural aspects of his Southern upbringing are present in his humorous and often self-deprecating films.
In 2012, she starred in her own reality show, Jennie Garth: A Little Bit Country on CMT.
Khan was married to his first wife, Reena Dutta, for fifteen years, after which he married the film director Kiran Rao.
Sir David John White, OBE, better known by his stage name David Jason, is an English actor and comedian.
She has voiced the character of Mona Simpson in the animated sitcom The Simpsons since 1995.
Dominic Bernard Patrick Luke Monaghan is a German-English actor.
Gutenberg in 1439 was the first European to use the printing press and movable type in Europe.
Confidential, the drama Pay It Forward, the science fiction-mystery film K-PAX, and the role of Lex Luthor in the superhero film Superman Returns.
He transformed the television interview, changed the relationship between politicians and television, and strove to assert balance and rationality into the medium's treatment of current affairs".
Because of her joint citizenship and the circumstances of her death, she has since become an international cause célèbre.
He was one of the most widely read contemporary satirists in the world.
Marguerite "Peggy" Guggenheim was an American art collector, bohemian and socialite.
Exaggerated versions of his exploits were the subject of dime novels.
He is remembered as a leading public opponent of fascism, Stalinism, and Mafia infiltration of the trade union movement.
Devon Edward Sawa is a Canadian actor.
Timothy Francis Leary was an American psychologist and writer known for advocating the exploration of the therapeutic potential of psychedelic drugs under controlled conditions.
She was twice forcibly isolated by public health authorities and died after a total of nearly three decades in isolation.
Since 2008, Paltrow has portrayed Pepper Potts in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Leif had two known sons: Thorgils, born to noblewoman Thorgunna in the Hebrides; and Thorkell, who succeeded him as chieftain of the Greenland settlement.
Eugene Curran Kelly — known as Gene Kelly — was an American dancer, actor of film, stage and television, singer, film director, producer and choreographer.
In her routines, Radner specialized in broad and obnoxious parodies of television stereotypes, such as annoying advice specialists and news anchors.
Murenu's father was imprisoned when Melchiorre was ten years old, and is thought to have died during his imprisonment.
Her parents were Ananias Dare and Eleanor White.
Film critic Roger Ebert described him as "the most dependable of all British character actors".
Luis Vigoreaux Rivera was a Puerto Rican radio and television show host, announcer, comedian and producer.
He became a naturalized United States citizen in the late 1980s.
Brooke Astor was the author of two novels and two volumes of personal memoirs.
During the height of his career, Cooper portrayed a new type of hero—a champion of the common man—in films such as Mr.
He featured in several television series, which earned him three BAFTA nominations and two wins for Best Comedy Performance.
Baxter's most notable talkies are In Old Arizona, 42nd Street, Slave Ship, Kidnapped, and the 1931 ensemble short film, The Stolen Jools.
The United States Department of State added Deif to its list of Specially Designated Global Terrorists on 8 September 2015.
Biko is regarded as the "Father of Black Consciousness", a political martyr, and an icon of the anti-apartheid movement.
Rodríguez was born in the town of Sabana Grande, in southwest Puerto Rico.
His approach prepared the way for later medical research, but Rush himself undertook none of it.
For his nephew, who believed in a hollow Earth, see John Cleves Symmes, Jr.
He subsequently created several spoof adverts in the same vein.
He was a choreographer known for his musicality; he expressed music with dance and worked extensively with leading composers of his time like Igor Stravinsky.
In the following years, she starred in several successful comedy-drama films such as Ruthless People, The Secret of My Success, and City Slickers.
In 2015 he was inducted into the Scottish Engineering Hall of Fame.
Isaac D'Israeli was a British writer, scholar and man of letters.
In 1958, he starred with Leslie Caron and Louis Jourdan in Gigi.
She received Golden Globe and BAFTA Award nominations for A Hatful of Rain and won a Primetime Emmy Award for the television miniseries People Like Us.
She was the founder and first president of the National Viewers' and Listeners' Association, through which she led a longstanding campaign against the BBC.
He is known for directing the Rush Hour film series, The Family Man, Red Dragon, X-Men: The Last Stand, and Tower Heist.
He officially joined the Holy League and married Maria Christierna of Habsburg, a niece of the Holy Roman Emperor, Rudolph II.
When Chambers repeated his claim on nationwide radio, Hiss filed a defamation lawsuit against him.
Edmund Waller, FRS was an English poet and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1624 and 1679.
Additionally, he may have accurately calculated the distance from the Earth to the Sun and invented the leap day.
She was a creator of the mystic poetry called vatsun or Vakhs, literally "speech".
In 2010, she received France's highest honour, the Légion d'honneur.
He played Don Domenico Clericuzio in a miniseries, Mario Puzo's The Last Don.
From 1953 he forged a powerful creative partnership with his full-time cinematographer Sven Nykvist.
Ole Worm, who often went by the Latinized form of his name Olaus Wormius, was a Danish physician and antiquary.
Fort's books sold well and are still in print.
Her condition may have inspired her sister, Eunice, to initiate the Special Olympics in 1962.
She also wrote a pamphlet, entitled Labor Courts Outlaw Strikes, calling for the establishment of a labor court.
By late 1935 the hysteria surrounding the case had driven the Lindbergh family into voluntary exile in Europe, from which they returned in 1939.
He is a developer of the D programming language.
After a wealthy and secularist upbringing, Jarrah moved to Germany in 1996.
George Stephen Boolos was an American philosopher and a mathematical logician who taught at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
From 2004 to 2010, she lent her voice to the Shrek animated films, and Despicable Me.
Suzy Parker was an American model and actress active from 1947 into the early 1960s.
Robert Leslie Stewart, from Edinburgh, Scotland, also known as Jock Stewart, was one of the last executioners in the United Kingdom, officiating between 1950 and 1964.
At court, he was a divisive figure, seen by some Russians as a mystic, visionary, and prophet, and by others as a religious charlatan.
On 2 December 2016, the 31st anniversary of his death, a floor stone memorial for Larkin was unveiled at Poets' Corner in Westminster Abbey.
Muhammad Marmaduke Pickthall was a Western Islamic scholar noted for his English translation of the Qur'an.
Kristin Landen Davis is an American actress.
By 1945, she was the highest paid woman in the United States.
He then directed, co-wrote, and starred in the crime drama The Town.
The album debuted at number three on the Billboard 200 and went on to peak at number one.
Once the service had been successfully launched he agreed to write and present programmes about the arts.
He later went on and founded the record label Conglomerate and production crew The Conglomerate.
His next film was The Graduate in 1967, starring then unknown actor Dustin Hoffman, alongside Anne Bancroft and Katharine Ross.
Cockburn was brought up by British parents in Ireland but had lived and worked in the United States since 1972.
He has stated that he is committed to raising the profile of Irish art internationally.
Clinton married investment banker Marc Mezvinsky in 2010.
In the 1970s he made a series of political films about modern Greece.
The same year, he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role in the crime film Collateral.
He is a two-time world champion, having won the WWF Championship in 1999 and the ECW World Championship in 2007.
Giuseppe Fortunino Francesco Verdi was an Italian opera composer.
In 2002 Adair was expelled from the organisation following a violent internal power struggle.
He is often described as the father of tragedy.
She is a well known Kentucky Wildcats men's basketball fan, being present at most games.
But her most successful moments came after she moved to Spain.
Deighton is considered one of the top three spy novelists of his time.
Kon Ichikawa was a Japanese film director.
She started her career in the German Heimatfilm genre in the early 1950s when she was 15.
He worked in the cotton industry in Manchester before setting up a large mill at New Lanark in Scotland.
He also worked as a co-host and reporter for two World Series
Epstein's writings have extensively influenced modern American legal thought.
Steven Berkoff is an English character actor, author, playwright and theatre director.
Svetoslav Nikolaevich Roerich, Russian and Indian painter, son of Helena and Nicholas Roerich, studied from a young age under his father's tutelage.
Holliday spent the few remaining years of his life in Colorado, and died of tuberculosis in his bed at the Glenwood Springs Hotel at age 36.
Her placement in the public spotlight allowed Price to expand into a variety of different industries including television, books, fashion and music.
Unlike local country merchants, Ward offered no bargaining and no credit.
He served as a producer for tracks and albums by Lupe Fiasco, Styles of Beyond, and The X-Ecutioners.
In 2002, Cruise won the Saturn Award for Best Actor for Vanilla Sky.
There is a substantial literature based on Polo's writings; he also influenced European cartography, leading to the introduction of the Fra Mauro map.
June Havoc was a Canadian-born American actress, dancer, writer, and theater director.
After moving to the United States, she made her first film appearance in a short film in 1927.
He is best known for his role as James Tiberius "J.T."
Towards the end of his life, Heseltine became depressed by a loss of his creative inspiration.
He later worked as a film director under the alias William Goodrich.
James Francis Durante was an American singer, pianist, comedian, and actor.
Centering on a teenage music journalist on tour with an up-and-coming band, it gave insight to his life as a 15-year-old writer for Rolling Stone.
In 1893 he invented the carburetor for the stationary engine, together with János Csonka.
His career began when he was apprenticed to engraver Ralph Beilby in Newcastle upon Tyne.
Bill Kenwright, CBE is a British West End theatre producer and film producer.
He donated his collection of 38,000 travel photographs to the Pitt Rivers Museum, Oxford.
Lorna Luft is an American television, stage, and film actress and singer.
Muhammad Zaidan also known as Abu Abbas  AH-boo ə-BAHSS or Muhammad Abbas, was the founder and a leader of the Palestine Liberation Front Organization.
Traveling widely, Savarkar became a forceful orator and writer, advocating Hindu political and social unity.
Charles Williams Nash was an American automobile entrepreneur who served as an executive in the automotive industry.
James Cagney and Joan Crawford won their only Academy Awards under Curtiz's direction.
She has appeared in more than 50 films.
In March 2009, aboard Soyuz TMA-14, he made a second trip to the International Space Station.
Sanger's efforts contributed to several judicial cases that helped legalize contraception in the United States.
On his death, his titles passed to his son James,
Jean Adrien Antoine Jules Jusserand was a French author and diplomat.
He is well known in the video game industry for his storytelling and comedic writing style.
Odoacer deposed Western Emperor Romulus Augustulus in 476, in an act often considered to mark the fall of the Western Roman Empire.
She was also known for her relationships with noblemen, including the Prince of Wales, the Earl of Shrewsbury, and Prince Louis of Battenberg.
William Wouldhave is a rival of Lionel Lukin for recognition as inventor of the lifeboat.
Over the next decade he had several radio and television roles, many through his own production company, Channel X.
He was awarded an honorary degree from the University of Winchester in 2007, and was made a Freeman of the City of London in 2012.
Without prior music training, he enrolled in the Gnessin Musical Institute, subsequently studying at the Moscow Conservatory in the class of Nikolai Myaskovsky, among others.
Scott has been nominated for three Academy Awards for Directing.
from 1998 to 2014, and was a Capital Radio host from 1984 to 2004.
Nello Celio was a Swiss politician representing Canton Ticino.
Charles followed his father and brother into the church in 1735, and he travelled with John to Georgia in America, returning a year later.
The following year she enjoyed box-office success with her role as Rachel Keller in The Ring, the remake of a successful Japanese horror film.
Richard Garriott de Cayeux is an English-American video game developer and entrepreneur.
In 1982, he co-founded Alliant Computer Systems, holding a variety of positions there before becoming CEO.
His portrayal of the suspected murderer in the Alfred Hitchcock thriller Rear Window is regarded as his best-known film role.
She was born in South Shields in the northeast of England.
Sir Alexander Korda was a Hungarian-born British film producer and director.
Klaus Maria Brandauer is an Austrian actor, film director, and professor at the Max Reinhardt Seminar in Vienna.
Matthew Abraham "Matt" Groening is an American cartoonist, writer, producer, animator, and voice actor.
Haroldson Lafayette "H. L." Hunt, Jr., known throughout his life as H. L. Hunt, was a Texas oil tycoon and conservative Republican political activist.
Hiller collaborated on a number of films with screenwriters Paddy Chayefsky and Neil Simon.
Foray was also one of the early members of ASIFA-Hollywood, the society devoted to promoting and encouraging animation.
Those of his elder son, John Augustus Sutter, Jr., were more successful.
Co-starring on the show was Jones's former stepson, who remains close friends with Bonaduce.
Luigina "Gina" Lollobrigida is an Italian actress, photojournalist and sculptor.
Maurine Dallas Watkins was an American journalist and playwright.
In 1955, he collaborated with King to create the Montgomery Improvement Association, which would lead to the Montgomery Bus Boycott.
Quaid is also known for his comedy roles in the National Lampoon's Vacation movies in the 1980s.
He was a mountain man, wilderness guide, Indian agent, and U.S. Army officer.
But he concluded that more progress would come from new attitudes than from new laws.
A contemporary of the British explorer James Cook, he took part in the Seven Years' War in North America and the American Revolutionary War against Britain.
He was said to own points in casinos in Las Vegas, Cuba, The Bahamas and London.
Amelia Fiona "Minnie" Driver is an English actress and singer-songwriter.
The Road to... films were popular during the 1940s.
She struggled with substance abuse, depression, and anxiety.
Marin Mersenne, Marin Mersennus or le Père Mersenne was a French polymath, whose works touched a wide variety of fields.
She played Bond girl Natalya Simonova in the 1995 James Bond film GoldenEye.
His name is usually remembered alongside that of his long-standing friend, Richard Steele, with whom he founded The Spectator magazine.
Alfred Allen Santell also known as Al Santell was an American film director and film producer.
Her case has affected the practice of medicine and law around the world.
He was born in Kawasaki City, Kanagawa.
As many as three-quarters of the approximately 50,000 Bible Students who had been associating in 1917 had left by 1931.
In 2014, Ludacris was featured in Forbes list titled "Hip-Hop Cash Kings", as he earned $8 million.
Beginning in 1968, he was a member of the funk and soul band the Commodores and then launched a hugely successful solo career in 1982.
Martin began his career at age 12 with the all-boy pop group Menudo.
O'Rourke's original reporting, irreverent humor, and crackerjack writing makes for delectable reading.
He first achieved success as a vocal impressionist, notably in the ITV sketch show Spitting Image.
As the recently appointed deputy U.S. marshal, Earp formally deputized Holliday, among others.
Raimi has also produced several successful television series and founded his own production company, Renaissance Pictures, in 1979.
Besides the talent for story-telling, she was a musician, sang well, and composed settings for her poems.
As the war was ending, he hid until the liberation to avoid continuing to fight alongside the Germans.
Wenders has been the president of the European Film Academy in Berlin since 1996.
His efforts on behalf of the society assured his status as one of its leading members until his death in 1934.
He won several film awards after completing his senior thesis film, Supermarket Sweep, which went on to become a National Student Academy Award finalist.
A number of filmmakers envisioned she might become another Greta Garbo, MGM's leading female star at the time.
The project was poorly received and led to a general decline in the singer's career.
During the 2000s, she generated controversy by criticizing immigration and Islam in France and has been fined five times for inciting racial hatred.
Blythe Katherine Danner is an American actress.
Ned Sparks was a Canadian-born character actor of the American stage and screen.
Sharpton sees much of the criticism as a sign of his effectiveness.
Her theatre work includes National Theatre productions of All My Sons and Honour.
They were brought up by their mother Lilian, a former stage actress who taught them drama, music, and elocution.
In 1993, he signed on to direct the next installments of Batman film series.
As an adult, McDowall appeared most frequently as a character actor on radio, stage, film, and television.
In the past decade, Beckham has become an internationally recognised style icon and fashion designer.
In 1973, Reynolds starred in a Broadway revival of the musical Irene and was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Lead Actress in a Musical.
His film appearances include Priest, The Wings of the Dove, Pandaemonium, Batman Begins and Non-Stop.
She was a co-founder of the National Council of American Indians in 1926 to lobby for rights to United States citizenship and civil rights.
John Gibb Marshall, better known by the stage name John Sessions, is a British actor and comedian.
Boyle is also known for her role as Assistant District Attorney Helen Gamble in the television series The Practice.
He was kidnapped by two men who bound, drugged, tortured, and repeatedly raped him.
He next directed Luv in 1964 and in 1965 directed another Neil Simon play, The Odd Couple.
Of his total credits, 75 were silent films and 65 were sound films; he directed four.
Shinya Tsukamoto is a Japanese film director and actor with a considerable cult following both domestically and abroad.
Adela complied and the family rift was never healed.
Jeron Criswell King, born Jeron Criswell Konig, and known by his stage-name The Amazing Criswell , was an American psychic known for wildly inaccurate predictions.
Protective of his private life, he rarely gives interviews and makes very few public appearances.
He hosted the ITV children's television show Tiswas from 1974 to 1982, the ITV game show Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?
In the 1850s, he was appointed as the Indian agent to the Ute Indians and the Jicarilla Apaches.
Didymus Chalcenterus, was an Ancient Greek scholar and grammarian who flourished in the time of Cicero and Augustus.
Medical students continued to study Galen's writings until well into the 19th century.
She is the subject of the testimonial biography I, Rigoberta Menchú and the author of the autobiographical work, Crossing Borders.
In third place was Leonardo DiCaprio with 14,471 votes.
The ideas put forth in his books are rejected by a majority of scientists and academics, who categorize his work as pseudohistory, pseudoarchaeology, and pseudoscience.
Stallone's film Rocky was inducted into the National Film Registry as well as having its film props placed in the Smithsonian Museum.
Ludwig Samson Heinrich Arthur Freiherr von und zu der Tann-Rathsamhausen was a Bavarian general.
After she returned to Puerto Rico in 1968, she landed her own section on WAPA-TV's popular lunch-time show El Show Del Mediodia.
He also occupied senior positions at the Canadian Film Development Corporation and Canadian Broadcasting Corporation, and acted as an advisor to the Secretary of State.
Kunstler refused to defend right-wing groups such as the Minutemen, on the grounds that: "I only defend those whose goals I share.
Hiroyuki Nishimura is the founder and a former administrator of the most accessed Japanese message board site 2channel.
He also tried to overturn national perspectives that predominated in sociological investigations with a cosmopolitanism that acknowledges the interconnectedness of the modern world.
He had high standards and high expectations of those with whom he worked.
He was the husband of actress Blythe Danner, and the father of actress Gwyneth Paltrow and screenwriter/director Jake Paltrow.
Although many aspects of Hubbard's life story are disputed, there is general agreement about its basic outline.
in 1967 and Ph.D. in 1973, all in political science at the University of California, Berkeley.
He died in Reval in 1846 and was buried in the Kose churchyard approx.
A physicist by training, Hagelin was a researcher at the European Organization for Nuclear Research and the Stanford Linear Accelerator Center in the early 1980s.
She is listed as one of the top-25 female motion picture stars of all time in the American Film Institute's survey, AFI's 100 Years...100 Stars.
After Wardenclyffe, Tesla went on to try to develop a series of inventions in the 1910s and 1920s with varying degrees of success.
Muir and Norden remained associated for more than 50 years: after they stopped collaborating on scripts, they appeared regularly together on radio panel programmes My Word!
John Demjanjuk was a retired Ukrainian-American auto worker, a former soldier in the Soviet Red Army, and a POW during the Second World War.
She then starred in the lead role of Set It Off and released her fourth album, Order in the Court, in 1998, with Motown Records.
Santell directed over 60 films, beginning in 1917, most of which were two-reel comedy short subjects for Hal Roach and other productions companies.
He was also a member of the John Birch Society and sponsored it's Orange County chapter.
Mairead Maguire, also known as Mairead Corrigan Maguire and formerly as Mairéad Corrigan, is a peace activist from Northern Ireland.
He was a cousin of Elisha Otis of elevator fame.
Lucie Simplice Camille Benoît Desmoulins, a journalist and politician, played an important role in the French Revolution.
He co-founded Directors Label, with filmmakers Chris Cunningham and Michel Gondry, and the Palm Pictures company.
Stairs was president of many companies, including Nova Scotia Steel, Eastern Trust, Trinidad Electric and Royal Securities Corporation.
Aside from McLaren Group, he is also one of six British business persons to be an official British Business Ambassador for advanced engineering and manufacturing.
Watson's activities have led to legal action from authorities in countries including the United States, Canada, Norway, Costa Rica, and Japan.
Born in London, Niven attended Heatherdown Preparatory School and Stowe before gaining a place at the Royal Military College, Sandhurst.
This declaration received significant press coverage in the United States, and Boisselier appeared on many television programs.
Weaver will play Alexandra, the main antagonist, in The Defenders which will premiere in August 18, 2017.
Nikolaus Harnoncourt was an Austrian conductor, particularly known for his historically informed performances of music from the Classical era and earlier.
Bob Hope, KBE, KC*SG, KSS was an American comedian, vaudevillian, actor, singer, dancer, athlete and author.
His father was Bartle Grant, a "poverty-stricken" major in the army, and much of his early childhood was spent in India and Burma.
Bin Laden was born to the family of billionaire Mohammed bin Awad bin Laden in Saudi Arabia.
She is credited with having written and composed the lullaby "Rock-a-bye Baby"; by some accounts she created the song in 1872 while babysitting.
Her other roles include Regression, Colonia and The Circle.
In 2002, Don Knotts called Ritter the "greatest physical comedian on the planet".
He was a socialist in the early 1930s and worked closely with the Communist Party in the auto industry in the middle and late 1930s.
He later attributed his longevity to his dedication to physical fitness
He was educated at Reading School under Richard Valpy and at Trinity College, Cambridge, where he was elected fellow.
His political philosophy had the elements of utilitarianism, rationalism and positivism, humanism and universalism, pragmatism and realism.
He bought the firm in 1931 and remained its chairman until selling it to General Electric in 1986.
His career spanned more than three decades, including appearances on stage, in films, and on television series.
The Museum of Broadcast Communications describes Newman as "the most significant agent in the development of British television drama."
She was honored with a Confederate military funeral.
Hopper's later work included a leading role in the short-lived television series Crash, inspired by the Academy Award-winning film of the same name.
She played leading roles in the historical dramas Goya's Ghosts and The Other Boleyn Girl, and also appeared in Thor and its 2013 sequel.
Her grave is not included in the Poets' Corner but lies in the East Cloister near the steps to the church.
Laura Secord was a Canadian heroine of the War of 1812.
Preston Thomas Tucker was an American automobile designer and entrepreneur.
He is the author of Physics in Spacetime, a textbook on Special Relativity, and Quantum Processes, Systems, and Information, a textbook on Quantum Mechanics.
John Gavin Malkovich is an American actor, director, and producer.
At the age of 21 he moved to Vienna, where he began studying composition with Joseph Haydn and gained a reputation as a virtuoso pianist.
Albert Abrams was a Jewish American physician, well known during his life for inventing machines which he claimed could diagnose and cure almost any disease.
She achieved recognition starring in the Australian soap opera Neighbours, where she played tomboy mechanic Charlene Robinson.
Randall Wallace is an American screenwriter, director, producer, and songwriter who came to prominence by writing the screenplay for the historical drama film Braveheart.
The second, more powerful explosion, designed to sink the boat, caused a huge inrush of seawater that drowned Pereira.
They divorced in 1919; that year Einstein married again.
Johnson's autobiography The Rock Says... debuted at No.
He worked with notable playwrights of the time, such as Satyadev Dubey and Girish Karnad.
The case still remains an open investigation with the Boulder Police Department.
He was a member of the comedy group Monty Python and later made a number of travel documentaries.
In 1905, his signature strip Little Nemo in Slumberland debuted, a fantasy strip in an Art Nouveau style, about a young boy and his adventurous dreams.
This unfortunate circumstance drove Murenu's family in poverty.
Marco Polo was a Venetian merchant traveller.
He was born in Bologna, the son of Ottaviano di Jacopo and Maria Maggi.
She is featured in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Museum's Women Who Rock exhibit.
After retirement at the age of 67, he formed Rensis Likert Associates, an institution that based their ideas on his theories of management in organizational psychology.
Deforges was the first woman to own and operate a publishing house in France.
He was also nominated for Best Film Editing for Citizen Kane and directed and produced The Sand Pebbles, which was nominated for Best Picture.
His first English language film was Alfred Hitchcock's The Man Who Knew Too Much made in Great Britain.
Others influenced by Dampier include James Cook, Horatio Nelson, Charles Darwin, and Alfred Russel Wallace.
won Best Mexican/American Album at the 1994 Grammy Awards, becoming the first recording by a Tejano artist to do so.
Her other films included Accident, The Offence, Frenzy, The Homecoming and The Maids.
A refugee from the military dictatorship of General Augusto Pinochet, Letelier accepted several academic positions in Washington, D.C. following his exodus from Chile.
He then worked for six years for an instrument maker named Öllers & Co. who mainly created telegraph equipment.
CNN revolutionized news media, covering the Space Shuttle Challenger disaster in 1986 and the Persian Gulf War in 1991.
The album brought her breakthrough success, bringing her a series of successful albums and number one singles in the 1980s and 1990s.
He started in the consumer platforms division in 1992, managing the production of Windows CE for hand-held and automotive systems and early console games.
Born in Montmorillon, Vienne, Deforges is sometimes called the High Priestess of French erotic literature.
He entered the film industry through the 1983 Kannada film Pallavi Anu Pallavi.
Still many Germans know some of his poems and quotations by heart, e.g.
Christopher Columbus was an Italian explorer, navigator, and colonizer.
Having become widely known for her comedic red carpet awards show celebrity interviews, She was the 2009 Celebrity Apprentice Winner.
He was a trustee of the American Museum of Natural History and a member of the board of overseers of Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center.
In 1958, the two worked on the classified military Project A119, the secret Air Force plan to detonate a nuclear warhead on the Moon.
Ayumi Hamasaki is a Japanese recording artist, lyricist, model, and actress.
Toguri received a pardon in 1977 from U.S. President Gerald Ford.
She followed it with a series of successful albums, including the Grammy Award winners Ray of Light and Confessions on a Dance Floor.
During his film career, Reeves has engaged in several forms of artistic expression.
... My only promise is that I will try to entertain you as best I can."
He hoped to perfect the human spirit and, to that end, advocated a vegan diet before the term was coined.
Besides Armenian folk songs, he also showed interest in other cultures and in 1904 published the first-ever collection of Kurdish folk songs.
CED Magazine named him “1998 Man of the Year” for creating and fostering the multibillion-dollar cable modem broadband industry.
Later, he signed the Articles of Confederation and supported ratification of the Constitution.
He wrote the lyrics for the musical comedy In Dahomey, the first all-African-American musical produced on Broadway in New York.
Marilyn Pauline "Kim" Novak is a retired American film and television actress, currently engaged as a visual artist.
Following Marshall's death, Smith began a lengthy legal battle over a share of his estate.
They were part of the ninth British expedition to Everest, led by John Hunt.
Pierre Servais at Casterman, a Belgian publishing company, began to notice Marlier's drawings in 1951.
Nelson has had a wide career becoming a recognizable character actor of sorts.
As a faculty member at Kenyon College, he was the first editor of the widely regarded Kenyon Review.
Pablo Soto Bravo is a Spanish software developer and councilor for the municipality of Madrid for the Now Madrid party.
Rock performed rap and hip hop with five releases between 1990 and 1997, including a reissue and an EP.
He was offered, but declined, the position of Poet Laureate in 1984, following the death of Sir John Betjeman.
Later authors suggest he was personally charismatic but unscrupulous in business and a controversial character.
Since 1985, he has also been chief conductor of the Maggio Musicale Fiorentino in Florence, Italy.
Her appearance as a plucky shopgirl in the film It brought her global fame and the nickname "The It Girl".
Billboard 200 and produced the Hot 100 number-one singles "SexyBack", "My Love", and "What Goes Around... Comes Around".
Huldrych Zwingli or Ulrich Zwingli was a leader of the Reformation in Switzerland.
His story of survival was widely publicised after their return to England, becoming a source of inspiration for writer Daniel Defoe's fictional character Robinson Crusoe.
He was the father of the first female Japanese doctor, Kusumoto Ine.
In 1993, TV Guide named Stewart the Best Dramatic Television Actor of the 1980s.
David Royston Bailey, CBE is an English fashion and portrait photographer.
She also appeared as Jackie Stone in two episodes of the BBC sitcom Absolutely Fabulous.
In 1958, he was drafted into military service.
Judith Susan "Judy" Sheindlin, also known as Judge Judy, is an American lawyer, former judge, television personality, producer, and author.
He moved to St John's in 1671, because of the valuable library there.
In 1893, he made pronouncements on the possibility of wireless communication with his devices.
Dandridge was married and divorced twice, first to dancer Harold Nicholas and then to hotel owner Jack Denison.
Michael Eavis CBE is an English dairy farmer and the founder of the Glastonbury Festival, which takes place at his farm in Pilton, Somerset.
After establishing himself as a Western hero in his early silent films, Cooper became a movie star in 1929 with his first sound picture, The Virginian.
Harrison Ford is an American actor and film producer.
Amalric of Bena was a French theologian and sect leader, after whom the Amalricians are named.
He had serious roles in Independence Day and Kingpin, both in 1996, and Brokeback Mountain in 2005.
Kingsley was made a Knight Bachelor at Buckingham Palace in 2002 for services to the British film industry.
Hamilcar retired to Africa after the peace treaty in 241 BC, following the defeat of Carthage.
After spending many years as a producer and director of television commercials, he revived his acting career with a supporting role in All the King's Men.
From then on, Garbo declined all opportunities to return to the screen.
In the annual Motion Picture Herald Top Ten Polls, he ranked 10th in 1950, seventh in 1951, and 10th in both 1952 and 1953.
He has appeared in more than 60 films.
The Govan Mbeki Health Building was inaugurated in 2001 at a ceremony featuring his son Thabo.
She has been called "The Mother of Modern Theatre".
Brando took a four-year hiatus before appearing in The Missouri Breaks.
The composition contains Dadaist imagery with man-made objects such as a tower and cityscape.
She was a host of Blue Peter from 1992 until 1994, and of GMTV from 1994 until 1996.
As an actor and philanthropist, Douglas has received three Academy Award nominations, an Oscar for Lifetime Achievement, and the Presidential Medal of Freedom.
Dorothy Elizabeth Gish was an American actress of the screen and stage, as well as a director and writer.
He directed classic films from the silent era and numerous others during Hollywood's Golden Age, when the studio system was prevalent.
He also began writing books, with considerable commercial success.
From 2009 to 2012 Palin was the president of the Royal Geographical Society.
They were still in the Tower when their regime collapsed and they remained there, in different quarters, as prisoners.
On May 5, 2016, Matalin announced she has changed her party registration to Libertarian.
He now lives in Los Altos Hills, California and is currently working for Google Inc., where he leads user experience for the Google Chrome project.
Roger was the third son, but by the death of his elder brothers became the representative of the family.
Michael Dorn is an American actor and voice artist who is known for his role as the Klingon Worf in the Star Trek franchise.
Described as handsome and charismatic, he became one of the first front-page celebrity gangsters.
While authorship of many of her articles is disputed, her role as a representative of these movements was powerful.
Verity Ann Lambert OBE was an English television and film producer.
While notorious for its lengthy and strenuous production, the film is widely acclaimed for its vivid and stark depiction of the Vietnam War.
Asaph Hall III was an American astronomer who is most famous for having discovered the moons of Mars, Deimos and Phobos, in 1877.
She was under contract to Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer by the early 1940s, soon establishing a career principally through her work in musicals.
Though the game was a commercial success and Moriarty had an idea for sequels which were briefly entertained, he opted to move on to other projects.
Kate Greenaway and the Pre-Raphaelites were the principal influences on her work.
Demosthenes grew interested in politics during his time as a logographer, and in 354 BC he gave his first public political speeches.
Her other notable film roles include Anatomy of a Murder, Wild River, The Detective, The Omen, and The Europeans.
She died from cardiopulmonary arrest due to pneumonia at the age of 80 on January 25, 2017.
He served as President and CEO of Chrysler from 1978 and additionally as chairman from 1979, until his retirement at the end of 1992.
Virginia Satir was an American author and social worker, known especially for her approach to family therapy and her work with family reconstruction.
Brigitte Helm was a German actress, best remembered for her dual role as Maria and her double, the Maschinenmensch, in Fritz Lang's 1927 silent film Metropolis.
Berry was formerly married to baseball player David Justice, and singer-songwriter Eric Benét.
He played a guest role in Coronation Street in November 2004.
He can also be seen as the role of the father in The Escort.
Chapin was convicted of lying to a grand jury during the scandal and served nine months at the Federal Correctional Institution, Lompoc.
In 2011, she released her 29th studio album, My Heart, which became a UK Top 10 album featuring new material.
John Richard Basehart was an American actor.
Gary Wayne Coleman was an American actor best known for his role as Arnold Jackson in Diff'rent Strokes and for his small stature as an adult.
Schrader wrote or co-wrote screenplays for four Martin Scorsese films: Taxi Driver, Raging Bull, The Last Temptation of Christ, and Bringing Out the Dead.
Norman George Painting OBE was an English actor, broadcaster and writer.
In 1963, he was a member of the jury at the 3rd Moscow International Film Festival.
She soon made her television debut, regularly appearing on The Garry Moore Show for the next three years, and won her first Emmy Award in 1962.
Ludwig Alois Friedrich Ritter von Köchel was an Austrian musicologist, writer, composer, botanist and publisher.
The single was a number one hit in Spain and other countries in L.A. and Europe.
Brooks published her memoir, Lulu in Hollywood, in 1982; three years later she died of a heart attack at the age of 78.
During the band's hiatus, Stefani embarked on a solo pop career in 2004 by releasing her debut studio album Love.
Calls for his release had been made by Alfonso XIII of Spain and President Wilson at the urging of Otto Kahn.
Her final film, Something Wicked, was released in April 2014.
Zapata remains an iconic figure in Mexico, used both as a nationalist symbol as well as a symbol of the neo-Zapatista movement.
He is ranked among Forbes magazine's most bankable stars and is one of the highest-grossing actors of all time.
From April 2008 until a few months before his death, new satirical articles were posted on his blog.
Stanley Earl Kramer was an American film director and producer, responsible for making many of Hollywood's most famous "message films".
She received her second Emmy for David's Mother for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Limited Series or Movie.
Several top hits such as "Rags to Riches" followed in the early 1950s.
George Bass was a British naval surgeon and explorer of Australia.
Dunaway’s career began in the early 1960s on Broadway.
He portrayed Martin Luther King, Jr. in the 1978 television miniseries King, for which he was nominated for an Emmy Award.
Her best known films include The Servant, Blowup, Ryan's Daughter and Hope and Glory.
Katherine Virginia "Kassie" DePaiva is an American actress and singer.
Thomas Alva Edison was an American inventor and businessman, who has been described as America's greatest inventor.
Other awards include the Magsaysay award for Public Service in 1965.
She was the first woman to climb many of the peaks in the French and Swiss Alps.
His films had been honored with the two Academy Awards for Best Animated Short Film.
The show was critically acclaimed by both audiences and critics, and launched the spin-off series Daria and the feature film Beavis and Butt-Head Do America.
He found further critical acclaim for his use of special effects in Terminator 2: Judgment Day.
Louis Marie Malle was a French film director, screenwriter, and producer.
It is however unclear if he was the first one to build a telescope.
In this way, Boas introduced culture as the primary concept for describing differences in behavior between human groups, and as the central analytical concept of anthropology.
A native of Milan, Calvi was Chairman of Banco Ambrosiano, which collapsed in one of modern Italy's biggest political scandals.
"Form follows function" is attributed to him although he credited the origin of the concept to an ancient Roman architect.
He went on to study languages and linguistics at the University of Oslo for 6 or 7 years, but left without obtaining a formal degree.
Von Däniken is one of the main figures responsible for popularizing the "paleo-contact" and ancient astronauts hypotheses.
He associated with European royalty, popes, and cardinals, along with luminaries such as Voltaire, Goethe, and Mozart.
Denver Dell Pyle was an American film and television actor.
In 1841, he was offered a traveling musician's job and went to Washington, D.C.; there he was drugged, kidnapped, and sold as a slave.
Tensions were high at the time with the Siwanoy Indian tribe.
Jovovich has her own production company, Creature Entertainment.
Ami Bluebell Dolenz is an American television and film actress and producer.
Jerry Lamon Falwell Sr. was an American Southern Baptist pastor, televangelist, and conservative activist.
In 2004 she was voted 57th in the SABC3's Great South Africans.
Peter Michael McCartney, known professionally as Mike McGear, is a British performing artist and rock photographer who is the younger brother of Paul McCartney.
His best known works are The Apprenticeship of Duddy Kravitz and Barney's Version.
In 2009, Hoskins won an International Emmy Award for Best Actor for his appearance on the BBC One drama The Street.
In 1898 she helped establish the Central Hindu College and in 1922 she helped establish the Hyderabad National Collegiate Board in Mumbai, India.
Samuel de Champlain, "The Father of New France", was a French navigator, cartographer, draftsman, soldier, explorer, geographer, ethnologist, diplomat, and chronicler.
Following the Tombstone shootout, Virgil Earp was maimed by hidden assailants and Morgan Earp was murdered.
Virginia Apgar was an American obstetrical anesthesiologist.
Marcel Camus was a French film director.
He was also a pioneer folklorist, collecting together a miscellany of material on customs, traditions and beliefs under the title "Remaines of Gentilisme and Judaisme".
Kenneth Mackenzie Clark, Baron Clark, OM, CH, KCB, FBA was a British art historian, museum director, and broadcaster.
His play, At Home, in which he played every character, was the first monopolylogue and the defining work in the genre.
Jennifer Ann Agutter OBE is a British actress.
In 1704, he enrolled with the rapidly expanding Russian navy of Tsar Peter I.
Dame Edith Mary Evans, DBE was an English actress.
Matvere was born in Pärnu, and graduated from the Higher Theatre School of the Estonian Academy of Music in 1990.
William Topaz McGonagall was a Scottish weaver, poet and actor.
Selena became a sex icon; she was often criticized for wearing suggestive outfits in light of her comments about being a role model for young women.
In the House of Commons, Profumo denied any improper conduct but later admitted that he had lied.
It is believed by most historians that Jefferson began a sexual relationship with Hemings in France or soon after their return to Monticello.
He was born to a political family; his maternal grandfather, Thomas Pryor Gore, served as United States senator from Oklahoma.
Later in his career, Gates pursued a number of philanthropic endeavors.
Alexander also received Critics' Choice Television Award nomination for playing Bessie Smith's sister in the 2015 HBO film Bessie.
It received negative reviews from critics, but was commercially successful.
Resnick also wrote and was co-executive producer of a season of The Larry Sanders Show for HBO.
He followed his family and immigrated to Indiana in 1826, following the slaveholders' persecution of Quakers.
For the Italian ocean liner, see SS Andrea Doria.
In the late 1990s, Lanier worked on applications for Internet2, and in the 2000s, he was a visiting scholar at Silicon Graphics and various universities.
He is best remembered for his contributions to mathematics, his membership in the Scriblerus Club, and for inventing the figure of John Bull.
Many of the dances also contain dedications to noble women of the sixteenth and early seventeenth centuries.
The story of Laura Secord has taken on mythological overtones in Canada.
Claire Antonia Forlani is an English actress.
Her 2002 remix album, J to tha L–O!
Her film roles include Making Love and Loverboy.
Other early film roles included in George Stevens' Giant, playing the love interest of James Dean, and in the romantic comedy But Not for Me.
Pioneered by Stephenson, rail transport was one of the most important technological inventions of the 19th century and a key component of the Industrial Revolution.
Raymond "Ray" Kurzweil is an American author, computer scientist, inventor and futurist.
He is considered to be America's first stand-up comedian.
The first single from the album, "For Once in My Life" was released in September 2013, becoming Brown's first record to be released after eight years.
His historical work had strong bibliographical and cartographical elements.
He won fifty-two U.S. national championships, set more than 50 world records, and was purportedly undefeated in official competition for the entirety of his competitive career.
Mena Alexandra Suvari is an American actress, fashion designer and model.
He is also remembered for his roles in The Quiet Man, Rio Bravo, and The Longest Day.
Tony Danza is an American actor and former professional boxer.
The couple had four sons, including the great Whig politician, Charles James Fox and the general Henry Edward Fox.
His "Machuchal" stage name is that of the Sabana Grande barrio where he grew up.
He has received the James Tait Black Memorial Prize for his memoir Experience and has been listed for the Booker Prize twice to date.
She began to perform professionally by 1879, singing for Tony Pastor and playing roles in comic opera, including Gilbert and Sullivan works.
He is best known for being half of the musical comedy team the Smothers Brothers, with his older brother Tom.
Elizabeth Fry was an English prison reformer, social reformer and, as a Quaker, a Christian philanthropist.
Quinlan's case continues to raise important questions in moral theology, bioethics, euthanasia, legal guardianship and civil rights.
In 1988, Twyla Tharp Dance merged with American Ballet Theatre, since which time ABT has held the world premieres of 16 of Tharp's works.
Described by a biographer as part scientist and part artist, Cameron has also contributed to underwater filming and remote vehicle technologies.
He also thought that the mysterious disappearance of the Greenland Viking settlement in the 14/15th century could be explained by their emigration to North America.
Danny was the fictional pop group's bass guitar player.
Jennings was featured in the 1978 album White Mansions performed by various artists documenting the lives of white people in the Confederacy during the Civil War.
Moorehead's transition to television won acclaim for drama and comedy.
Chatterton briefly returned to screen acting in the 1950s before her death of a cerebral hemorrhage in 1961.
Count Mutsu Munemitsu was a statesman and diplomat in Meiji period Japan.
In 1994 he was awarded the Templeton Prize for Progress in Religion, which included a million-dollar purse awarded at Buckingham Palace.
He played a dirty old man in the promotional video for The Sun Page Three Girl Jo Hicks's single "Yakety Sax"."
The Bf 109 became the most important fighter in the Luftwaffe as Germany rearmed prior to World War II.
She subsequently starred in several successful films including Speed, While You Were Sleeping, The Net, A Time to Kill, Hope Floats, and Practical Magic.
George Whitefield, also spelled George Whitfield, was an English Anglican cleric who was one of the founders of Methodism and the evangelical movement.
Rutherford was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire in 1961 and a Dame Commander in 1967.
Various places bear his name in North America, in particular Cadillac Mountain, Maine, and the town of Cadillac, Michigan.
He graduated from the Moscow Conservatory in 1892 and had composed several piano and orchestral pieces by this time.
She caused controversy when she appeared on Desert Island Discs in 1989.
He has composed 13 musicals, a song cycle, a set of variations, two film scores, and a Latin Requiem Mass.
Since 2000, Brown has concentrated on a variety of non-singing projects.
Edward Davis Wood, Jr. was an American filmmaker, actor, writer, producer, and director.
However, more recent historians have shown that William's involvement in the kingdom's political disputes resulted in detectable biases in his account.
Sometimes referred to as the Goddess of Pop, she has been described as embodying female autonomy in a male-dominated industry.
In 1877 they were prosecuted for publishing a book by birth control campaigner Charles Knowlton.
Other seminars during this time included an advanced youth conflicts seminar and as well as seminars for pastors, physicians, and legislators.
He also was one of the main designers of the Lisa and Macintosh user interfaces.
The first bomb was placed outside the Iceland supermarket in Electric Avenue, Brixton, an area of south London with a large black population.
In 2013, Rubio became a coach on La Voz Kids, and also became a judge on the American version of The X Factor.
He is a popular guest-host of Saturday Night Live, having hosted seven times as of April 2008.
He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1996.
She won the Academy Award for Best Actress in 1930–31 for Min and Bill and was named the top film star for 1932 and 1933.
Gene Eliza Tierney was an American film and stage actress.
He therefore studied theology in his hometown from 1666 to 1670.
In 2009, he began teaching political science at Tulane University.
For his role in the 1988 comedy hit A Fish Called Wanda, he won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor.
Louis Sebastian Theroux is an English documentary filmmaker and broadcaster who holds dual British and American citizenship.
MS 23211 use Sledd as their point of convergence.
He was reportedly the only hijacker who had any significant apprehensions about carrying out the attacks.
Jane Frances Kaczmarek is an American actress.
He founded Electric Cloud with John Graham-Cumming.
Osbourne is one of the original hosts from its launch in October 2010.
She was one of the first "scream queens".
He was initially hired on a two-week "trial run", and later offered the permanent position.
Dvorak served with the American Army Field Artillery during the punitive expedition against Pancho Villa and was wounded during the campaign.
Dube served as SANNC president between 1912 and 1917.
He then continued achieving success in the television crime drama Kojak, co-starring his real-life brother George Savalas, in which Savalas played the title role.
Isao Takahata is a Japanese film director, animator, screenwriter and producer who has earned critical international acclaim for his work as a director of anime films.
Geraint Wyn Davies is a British-Canadian stage, film and television actor-director.
Natalie Jane Imbruglia is an Australian/British singer-songwriter, model and actress.
He was also well known for playing Dr. Gillespie in the NBC television series Dr. Kildare.
Nearly a half-century later, his anti-Communist testimony continued to cause controversy.
From 1928 to 1934, the team never took a vacation away from their radio show.
Bancroft received several other Oscar nominations and continued in lead roles until the late 1980s.
Despite her fame as a screen actress, Leigh was primarily a stage performer.
Hitchcock's first thriller, The Lodger: A Story of the London Fog, helped shape the thriller genre in film.
Including her work with No Doubt, Stefani has sold more than 30 million albums worldwide.
He is the most frequently studied and republished practitioner of the "early American novel," or the US novel between 1789 and roughly 1820.
Charlotte Lucy Gainsbourg is a British-French actress and singer.
As of 2007 Roberts's net worth was estimated to be US$140 million.
Ilse Koch was the wife of Karl-Otto Koch, commandant of the Nazi concentration camps Buchenwald and Majdanek.
Vinayak Damodar Savarkar was an Indian pro-independence activist, lawyer, politician, poet, writer and playwright.
Dawn Elberta Wells is an American actress who is best known for her role as Mary Ann Summers on the CBS sitcom Gilligan's Island.
He was regarded as the leading figure of rock and roll after a series of successful network television appearances and chart-topping records.
He could dance en pointe, a rare skill among male dancers at the time and was admired for his seemingly gravity-defying leaps.
Revived after the war Maybach Motorenbau which remained a subsidiary of Luftschiffbau Zeppelin was making diesel engines.
He finished his studies in 1951 with the greatest distinction.
She sustained a broken skull from a blow to the head and had been strangled; a garrote was found tied around her neck.
The single charted at number one on the UK Singles Chart, followed by the release of her debut album, Hot.
In 2003, Bacon received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for his contributions to the motion pictures industry.
Asa Philip Randolph was a leader in the Civil Rights Movement, the American labor movement, and socialist political parties.
She has also modeled for several brands, such as L'Oreal, Gap, and Kailis.
He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1990 and the UK Music Hall of Fame in 2005.
Dhardo Rinpoche's motto was: "Cherish the doctrine; live united; radiate love", which also became the motto of the school he founded.
In the UK, he was awarded nine platinum album certifications, eleven gold and eight silver, releasing eleven number-one albums.
Robert Moses simultaneously held twelve titles, but was never elected to any public office.
In 2015, Forbes listed his earnings at $79 million for the previous 12 months, and ranked him the 11th highest earning celebrity in the world.
He founded a project at the Berkman Klein Center for Internet & Society that develops classroom tools.
He later became a member of the Portuguese privy council.
From 1917-1919, she was the director of the child labor division of the U.S. Children's Bureau.
Even though his figure is mentioned in several chronicles, his actual existence remains unclear.
Anna Katharine Green was an American poet and novelist.
She gained fame as the hostess of the BBC game show The Weakest Link from 2000 to 2012, which earned her the nickname "Queen of Mean".
He was held in a lunatic asylum for murder at the time.
She wrote her second book in 2000, How to Be a Domestic Goddess, which won her the British Book Award for Author of the Year.
He was also responsible for the building of the Chicago Civic Opera House in 1929.
Harry Herbert Frazee was an American theatrical agent, producer and director, and owner of the Major League Baseball Boston Red Sox from 1916 to 1923.
In its early days he was an associate director at the National Theatre and later ran the Old Vic Theatre.
That same day, Jackson was baptised Catholic by Father Fourmond.
Lansky developed a gambling empire that stretched across the world.
Hank was 4 ft 1 in tall, and weighed 95 lb.
Kelly has written, produced, and remixed songs and albums for many artists, including Aaliyah's 1994 debut album Age Ain't Nothing but a Number.
A MacArthur Fellow, he is noted for his dense and complex novels.
He wrote about a wide range of subjects, including baseball, mystery novels, and classical music, and was also known as a philosopher of education.
Thomas Gibson Nickerson was an American sailor and author.
Seward was severely wounded but recovered, and Vice President Johnson was never attacked at all.
He was named the seventh-greatest male star of classic American cinema by the American Film Institute.
She was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actress along with her co-star Susan Sarandon for Thelma and Louise.
She is best known for her performances in the films Blade Runner, Dune, No Way Out, Wall Street, Cousins and Ace Ventura: Pet Detective.
As a musician, Charo has performed and recorded in various styles for five decades.
She was nominated for the Young Artist Award six times, winning in 1990 and 1993 for her work on the show.
She voiced Bart for three seasons on The Tracey Ullman Show, and in 1989, the shorts were spun off into a half-hour show called The Simpsons.
Thomas worked for the United Press and post-1958 successor United Press International for 57 years, first as a correspondent, and later as White House bureau manager.
Huston was known to direct with the vision of an artist, having studied and worked as a fine art painter in Paris in his early years.
He then starred in the reality television program Dog and Beth: On the Hunt which aired from April 21, 2013 to August 22, 2015.
He was born at Tadlow, in Cambridgeshire.
He also patented a rotary carding engine that transformed raw cotton into cotton lap.
Aleister Crowley was an English occultist, ceremonial magician, poet, painter, novelist, and mountaineer.
He co-edited Oxford Poetry and in 1997 received an Eric Gregory Award from the Society of Authors for his poetry.
In total, he obtained more than 27 patents for aeronautics, navigation and oceanographic equipment.
The Recording Industry Association of America listed her as the second highest-certified female artist in the United States, with 64.5 million album units.
The other two were acquitted of the charges.
Charles William Mumy Jr. is an American actor, musician, pitchman, instrumentalist, voice actor, author and a figure in the science-fiction community.
Clark's first son died suddenly within a few weeks of his birth in December 1996, and in January 1998 her second died in a similar manner.
Hopper has an additional posthumous credit in the completed, but unreleased Orson Welles drama The Other Side of the Wind, acquired for distribution by Netflix.
He is the author of the five books known as the Spiritist Codification, and is the founder of Spiritism.
Nicks is best known for her work with Fleetwood Mac, and for her chart-topping solo career.
Josephus claimed the Jewish Messianic prophecies that initiated the First Roman-Jewish War made reference to Vespasian becoming Emperor of Rome.
The New York Times called him "a star among supporting players" and "an accomplished scene-stealer".
In 1997, Johnny appeared in the Mariah Carey music video "Honey".
His career has spanned three continents including India, the United States and many European countries in three media: film, television and theatre.
A free-born African American from New York, he was the son of a freed slave and a free woman of color.
And we constrained him, reduced him, forced him into a common human being, and thus clipped his wings.
As an actor, Reiner first came to national prominence with the role of Michael Stivic on All in the Family.
He also invented the Dow Jones Industrial Average as part of his research into market movements.
Pilger has won Britain's Journalist of the Year Award in 1967 and 1978.
Stuart Maxwell Whitman is an American actor.
Greenwood LeFlore or Greenwood Le Fleur was elected Principal Chief of the Choctaw in 1830 before removal.
Tadanobu Satō, better known by his stage name Tadanobu Asano, is a Japanese actor and musician.
For example, Robert Carroll states Chopra attempts to integrate Ayurveda with quantum mechanics to justify his teachings.
In 1958, Buddy Holly arranged Jennings's first recording session, of "Jole Blon" and "When Sin Stops".
Ladd is the mother of actress Laura Dern, with her ex-husband, actor Bruce Dern.
He began acting in the 1970s, playing a supporting role in Looking for Mr. Goodbar and a starring role in Days of Heaven.
Ahmed Jibril is the founder and leader of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine – General Command.
It reopened in March 1947 with a finished hotel.
Goodyear first appeared as Bet Lynch for nine episodes in 1966, before becoming a series regular for twenty-five years from 1970 to 1995.
Sir Peter Markham Scott, CH, CBE, DSC & Bar, FRS, FZS was a British ornithologist, conservationist, painter, naval officer, broadcaster and sportsman.
She later starred in The Pick-up Artist, and For Keeps.
The song "Thanks for the Memory" is widely regarded as his signature tune.
Robert Sylvester Kelly, known professionally as R. Kelly, is an American singer, songwriter, record producer, and former professional basketball player.
She then moved to Wisconsin and co-founded The Temple of Diana with Falcon River.
Angelyne is an American singer, actress and model.
After receiving positive reviews for her comedic and dramatic acting performances, Tate was hailed as one of Hollywood's most promising newcomers.
Sheck Exley was an American cave diver.
His cartoons were popular with soldiers throughout Europe, and with civilians in the United States as well.
The team of Burns and Allen was inducted into the Television Hall of Fame in 1988.
His career was marked by reinvention and visual presentation, his music and stagecraft significantly influencing popular music.
Walter Map was a medieval writer of works written in Latin.
In 1900 he wrote a book about his journey Sailing Alone Around the World, which became an international best-seller.
After a success as Hamlet in London in 1925, Barrymore left the stage for 14 years and instead focused entirely on films.
Her work motivated transparency within the Royal Thai Police force and greater reform in the Thai justice system.
He was known as an outstanding speaker and a leader of universal Christian suffrage.
Celine Dion, CC OQ ChLD is a Canadian singer and businesswoman.
After having worked in supporting roles in various films, Knightley gained recognition with the comedy-drama Bend It Like Beckham in 2002.
Baker wrote a considerable number of books and published articles.
In American popular culture, he is remembered as one of the foremost early frontiersmen.
His mathematical specialties were noncommutative ring theory and computational algebra and its applications, including automated theorem proving in geometry.
She became something of a celebrity, was elegantly fêted, and attended a masque at Whitehall Palace.
The government was concerned about the movement, and in 1973 placed Biko under a banning order, severely restricting his activities.
With his thick German accent bushy mustache and showmanship, he was as much of a story as his players.
Ivan DeBlois Combe was the American inventor of personal-care products, most notably Clearasil and Odor Eaters.
In 1952, he was named Secretary General of the World Alliance of YMCAs in Geneva, Switzerland.
After marrying actor Rex Bell in 1931, Bow retired from acting and became a rancher in Nevada.
Zecharia Sitchin was a Russian-American author of books proposing an explanation for human origins involving ancient astronauts.
Phineas Parkhurst Quimby was an American spiritual teacher.
Borodin is best known for his symphonies, his two string quartets, the tone poem In the Steppes of Central Asia and his opera Prince Igor.
He won Academy Awards for Best Director and Best Picture for both West Side Story and The Sound of Music.
Eric Trolle was elected regent of Sweden in 1512, during the era of Kalmar Union.
This came just one year after the Supreme Court prohibited officially sponsored prayer in schools in Engel v. Vitale.
In addition, he was a Grand Inquisitor of Heresy to Poland, and later became the Grand Commissioner for indulgences in Germany.
Mary Pickford later became a highly popular silent film actress, producer and early Hollywood pioneer.
Ross and Goldman have together established the television production company Hotsauce TV.
She is known primarily for her roles in several 1980s films, most notably Fast Times at Ridgemont High and Gremlins.
He is chairman and CEO of the L Brands corporation.
Despite Herodotus' historical significance, little is known of his personal life.
Maria Alekseyevna Ouspenskaya was a Russian actress and acting teacher.
One deputy, Ricky Kinchen, died in the shooting.
It was premiered in the Directors Fortnight section of the 1994 Cannes Film Festival and was screened at the Edinburgh Film Festival.
Before Bravo, he presented jazz and classical music and theater.
She was already suffering from a mysterious and painful illness when her husband, who had suffered a stroke, died on 1 July 1774.
She went on to become the wealthiest woman in the land.
In 1940, he wrote, produced, and directed, Angels Over Broadway, which was nominated for Best Screenplay.
In 2015, Garland made his directorial debut with Ex Machina, a science fiction thriller which explored the relationship between mankind and artificial intelligence.
Thompson characterized him as a heavyweight Samoan attorney, Dr. Gonzo, in his novel Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas.
He was the front actor of the Tallinn City Theatre, but was to go freelance in 2004.
William Cosmo Monkhouse was an English poet and critic.
Joseph Frank "Joe" Pesci is an American actor, singer, musician and comedian, known for playing tough, volatile characters, in a variety of genres.
The Sunday Times called him "the poet of the spy story".
She was anaemic as a child, and her childhood was consequently marred by poor health, but she had improved by her teen years.
Cynthia Ellen Nixon is an American actress.
He was the youngest of the five Marx Brothers.
Lessig is a proponent of reduced legal restrictions on copyright, trademark, and radio frequency spectrum, particularly in technology applications.
An often-quoted line about Avery's cartoons was, "In a cartoon you can do anything."
It was broadcast live in the afternoon, and repeated on tape, late night.
In 2001, Dunst made her singing debut in the film Get Over It, in which she performed two songs.
Alexander Franklin "Frank" James was a Confederate soldier, guerrilla, and outlaw.
Truffaut's film The 400 Blows came to be a defining film of the French New Wave movement.
In August 2012, Perry began starring as Ryan King, a sportscaster, on the NBC sitcom Go On.
She finally won the Academy Award for Best Actress for her portrayal of death-row inmate Barbara Graham in I Want to Live!.
Florence Lawrence was a Canadian-American stage performer and film actress.
"Muir has profoundly shaped the very categories through which Americans understand and envision their relationships with the natural world," writes Holmes.
Alfred Ernst Christian Alexander Hugenberg was an influential German businessman and politician.
Marilyn Monroe was an American actress and model.
Before the trial, the British government circulated excerpts said to be from his private journals, known as the Black Diaries, which detailed homosexual activities.
His films MASH, McCabe & Mrs. Miller, and Nashville have been selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry.
Despite Arbuckle's acquittal, the scandal has mostly overshadowed his legacy as a pioneering comedian.
He was one of the top ten film personalities for twenty-three consecutive years, and was one of the top money-making stars for eighteen years.
He is best known as a novelist, but he also worked in other fields such as the theatre, journalism, propaganda and films.
The official coroner's report showed that she had accidentally drowned in the bathtub, with heart disease and cocaine use listed as contributing factors.
Civil died of liver and kidney failure on 19 March 1989 at King's College Hospital in London.
Her husband was created Baron Holland of Foxley less than a year later, on 17 April 1763.
A 2009 article in The Times referred to him as "the comedian's comedian, and for good reason" and named him "face of the decade".
He protested against the extreme democratic proposals called The Agreement of the People, and was one of the commissioners at the Savoy Synod of 1658.
Frank Winfield Woolworth also known as Frank W. Woolworth or F.W.
When the Mercenary War burst out in 240 BC, Hamilcar was recalled to command and was instrumental in concluding that conflict successfully.
He later won the BAFTA TV Award for Best Actor, for the 1996 series The Fragile Heart.
She released three albums to varying degrees of success, but her pop career stalled due to the poor reception of her third album in 2002.
For her contributions to American cinema, the American Film Institute named West 15th among the greatest female stars of classic American cinema.
As of 26 May 2015 she has been a regular cast member in the BBC One soap opera EastEnders as Carmel Kazemi.
It was announced in March 2015 that Rattle would become Music Director of the London Symphony Orchestra from September 2017.
A native Swedish speaker, he learned English during the early 1900s, while working various jobs from New York to San Francisco.
After minor television appearances, including in The Professionals, his first major success arose through the British autobiographical film Distant Voices, Still Lives.
Stephen Rea is an Irish film and stage actor.
In 2011, Frye released her first book Happy Chaos: From Punky to Parenting and My Perfectly Imperfect Adventures in Between.
In her autobiography The Searching Spirit, Adamson wrote about her grandmother, saying, "It is to her I owe anything that may be good in me".
She was prominent as a jazz singer throughout the 1930s and 1940s.
Parks, schools, streets and other tributes have commemorated Banneker throughout the years since he lived.
Grant was also the first cousin twice removed of John Grant, 13th Earl of Dysart.
The identity of the woman and the rival who supposedly caused Hill's injury, though frequently speculated upon, remained mostly conjecture for nearly a century.
After the trial, in September 1993, Demjanjuk returned to his home in Ohio.
Carey's recording contract was bought out for $50 million by Virgin and she signed a multi-million dollar deal with Island Records the following year.
After his success with Messiah he never composed an Italian opera again.
In 2012 Furtado released her fifth album The Spirit Indestructible.
Wayne's eighth album I Am Not a Human Being, was released during his incarceration.
She is one of five co-hosts of the daytime series The Talk.
In 1992 he set up the Andrew Lloyd Webber Foundation which supports the arts, culture and heritage in the UK.
A book by Tate's sister, Debra Tate, titled Sharon Tate: Recollection, was released in 2014.
In 1978, he cast Isabelle Huppert as the lead in Violette Nozière.
King Charles ruled without a parliament from 1628 and he found Coke's industry very useful to him.
He first gained recognition on The Young and The Restless, playing Dr. Snapper Foster.
A self-described "communist/socialist", he was a leading figure in the No to EU – Yes to Democracy campaign.
The bombing of the boat had been designed to make the ship unsalvageable.
Professor Philip Melling of Swansea University has concurred with this opinion, citing Kapuściński as an authority on the Rwandan conflict.
Kurzweil received the 1999 National Medal of Technology and Innovation, the United States' highest honor in technology, from President Clinton in a White House ceremony.
With 11 number-one singles, she is the female singer with the third-most number-one singles in UK Singles Chart history.
Her plea agreement called for six months in jail, with three months suspended, and no contact with Fualaau for life.
The site was also included in PC World's "The 25 Worst Web Sites" list.
Wetmore moved to Ohio in 1804 and became one of the original proprietors of Cuyahoga Falls.
In 1999, he took the lead role in Three Kings, a well-received war satire set during the Gulf War.
He was killed in 1950 amid convoluted circumstances.
He was the father of Anne and Margot Frank.
He died after suffering a heart attack in his Tampa home on the morning of July 13, 2010, the day of the 81st All-Star Game.
He later gave evidence to the Hutton Inquiry into Kelly's apparent suicide.
In 1890 Besant met Helena Blavatsky and over the next few years her interest in theosophy grew while her interest in secular matters waned.
Paterson left SCP in April 1981 and worked for Microsoft from May 1981 to April 1982.
During the run of the show, Judge took some time off to write and direct Office Space, Idiocracy, and Extract.
As Professor of Anatomy and Surgery at the University of Bologna from 1556, he established anatomy as a major branch of medicine for the first time.
Zitkala-Ša served as its president until her death in 1938.
John Richard Schlesinger, CBE was an English film and stage director, and actor.
Steven Ronald Bochco is an American television producer and writer.
A 2013 Zogby Analytics poll found that one quarter of African Americans said that Sharpton speaks for them.
After retirement, Parks wrote her autobiography and continued to insist that the struggle for justice was not over and there was more work to be done.
A seven-time Oscar nominee, she has also received nominations for Notes on a Scandal, Elizabeth: The Golden Age, I'm Not There and Carol.
Albert Austin was an English actor, film star, director, and script writer, noted mainly for his work in Charlie Chaplin films.
He survived an assassination attempt by Josef Bachmann in 1968, but died 12 years later from health problems caused by his injuries.
She was also awarded the Kirkus Prize in 2016 for In the Darkroom.
The fleet reprovisioned and then turned eastward to resume the journey to India.
Her seventh studio album, Femme Fatale, became her first to yield three top-ten singles in the United States.
Marie Prevost was a Canadian-born film actress.
Intolerance, his next film, was, in part, an answer to his critics.
In April 1991, she received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
Hall began his career in commercials and on stage as a child, and made his screen debut in 1980.
In June 2012, his execution was postponed due to further arrests of Aum Shinrikyo members.
This was first published in 1908 after having been rediscovered in manuscript ten years earlier.
Raised in poverty during World War II, Mangano trained as a dancer and worked as a model before winning a "Miss Rome" beauty pageant in 1946.
Other singles included "Work It", "Air Force Ones", "Pimp Juice" and "#1".
As its sole remaining original member, he was able to continue working under the Guns N' Roses banner because he had legally obtained the band name.
This office received the Nobel Peace Prize for 1938.
Adam Michnik is a Polish historian, essayist, former dissident, public intellectual, and editor-in-chief of the Polish newspaper, Gazeta Wyborcza.
Maher Arar is a telecommunications engineer with dual Syrian and Canadian citizenship who has resided in Canada since 1987.
On Broadway, he has appeared in The Threepenny Opera, as the master of ceremonies in Cabaret, Design for Living and a one-man adaptation of Macbeth.
Most of the themes in Shakur's songs revolved around the violence and hardship in inner cities, racism, and other social problems.
Primarily a theater actress, Booth's Broadway career began in 1925.
Govan Archibald Mvuyelwa Mbeki was a South African politician and father of the former South African president Thabo Mbeki and political economist Moeletsi Mbeki.
From an early age, Garland struggled in her personal life.
Edward Lee Thorndike was an American psychologist who spent nearly his entire career at Teachers College, Columbia University.
Folangji comes from Franques or Franks, which was a generic name the Muslims called Europeans since the Crusades, and which spawned the Indian-Southeast Asian term ferengi.
He is best known for his book Les Propheties, the first edition of which appeared in 1555.
William Colgate was an English manufacturer who founded in 1806 what became the Colgate toothpaste company.
A shooting incident between two of her other lovers caused the press to investigate her, revealing that her affairs could be threatening national security.
In 1979, he was awarded an Honorary Academy Award for his "incomparable achievements as a cinematic creator and innovator."
It was followed by the Violin Concerto and the Cello Concerto.
She won an Emmy for the same category in 2012 as attorney Patti Nyholm in the CBS legal drama The Good Wife.
Jackson was made Deputy Secretary to The Admiralty in 1766 and appointed Judge Advocate of the Fleet in 1768.
He won a CableACE Award for his work on the series.
Peter Gregg Arnett, ONZM is a New Zealand-born journalist holding both New Zealand and US citizenship.
Previously shown on BBC Two, it took the prestigious Friday night slot on BBC One from The Jonathan Ross Show in 2010.
In July 2002, Ahmed Omar Saeed Sheikh, a British national of Pakistani origin, was sentenced to death by hanging for Pearl's abduction and murder.
Elvis Aaron Presley was an American singer and actor.
He joined an R&B vocal group, the Gospel Starlighters, in which he was the lead singer.
Between 1905 and 1912, he mostly worked in the field as an organizer.
He played opposite Chuck Connors in Geronimo and The Three Stooges in The Outlaws Is Coming.
He is the national poet of Finland and the author of the lyrics to Vårt land that became the Finnish National Anthem.
His best-known novels are Money and London Fields.
The name could also be rooted in Irish & Scottish Gaelic and mean "follower of the king," as in "maol" and "ry" or "ree".
After the rise of the Nazi Party, he left for Paris, where he made his directorial debut.
He is also the recipient of the 2014 IEEE Computer Society Computer Pioneer Award.
He is a recipient of the Dada Saheb Phalke Award, the highest honorary award for achievement in Indian cinema.
As an actor, you cannot take your eyes off him."
She has published over 30 books and numerous scholarly articles, appeared in documentary films, and participated in public lectures.
Paquin has been married since 2010 to actor Stephen Moyer, with whom she has two children.
Gerald Malcolm Durrell, OBE was a British naturalist, zookeeper, conservationist, author and television presenter.
Jane Fonda is an American actress, writer, political activist, former fashion model and fitness guru.
Following Rai's death in 1940, Devika Rani took over the control of the studio and produced several films.
Vanessa Bell was an English painter and interior designer, a member of the Bloomsbury Group and the sister of Virginia Woolf.
She died of suicide by drug overdose in 1996 at the age of 42.
She is best known as a member of the girl group the Spice Girls formed in the 1990s, and in which Bunton was nicknamed Baby Spice.
Following his release he became a recognized rocket designer and a key figure in the development of the Soviet Intercontinental ballistic missile program.
He has been heralded as the "Father of Cinematography" since 1930.
Murdoch moved to New York City in 1974, to expand into the U.S. market; however, he retained interests in Australia and Britain.
Robert Charles "Bob" Wright is an American lawyer, businessman and author.
John Crowe Ransom was an American educator, scholar, literary critic, poet, essayist and editor.
Albert Richard Smith was an English author, entertainer, and mountaineer.
Isaac Deutscher was a Polish writer, journalist and political activist who moved to the United Kingdom at the outbreak of World War II.
McGonagall has been lampooned as the worst poet in British history.
Many people thought the pair were married, but in fact they were not a romantic couple at all.
Adalberto Javier Ramones Martínez is a Mexican television show host and comedian who is known for his comments on Mexican and international social life.
Drew Blythe Barrymore is an American actress, author, director, model and producer.
After a brief second stint with SCP, Paterson started his own company, Falcon Technology.
He became an American citizen after emigrating from Europe.
In 1529, a war between the two sides was averted at the last moment.
Pedro Rivera Toledo's arrangement of Genesis also won as the best arrangement, although the orchestra was conducted by Jose S. Marroquin.
She was plagued by financial instability, often owing hundreds of thousands of dollars in back taxes.
Her first role was in the 1994 action thriller Léon: The Professional, opposite Jean Reno.
He has won several film awards, including six National Film Awards, 7 Filmfare Awards South and three Bollywood Filmfare Awards.
On February 24, 1839, the patent behind number 1089 officially entered validity, and called “Crane-Excavator for Excavating and Removing Earth”.
Huntley Ashworth Gordon was an actor born in Montreal, Quebec.
He was also a frequent guest on sketch comedy and late-night talk shows, particularly Late Night with David Letterman.
William Avery Rockefeller, Jr. was an American businessman and financier.
A man of diverse interests and talents, Antheil was constantly reinventing himself.
Alice Hathaway Lee Roosevelt was an American socialite and the first wife of President Theodore Roosevelt.
Garrett Morris is an American comedian and actor.
His list of hit singles include "Woo Hah!!
Brassaï was a Hungarian–French photographer, sculptor, medallist., writer, and filmmaker who rose to international fame in France in the 20th century.
His last film was Clash of the Titans, after which he retired.
In 2014, she returned to television portraying Dr. Nicole Herman in Grey's Anatomy.
Timothy Blake Nelson is an American actor, writer and director.
He led the team that made the first crossing of the Greenland interior in 1888, traversing the island on cross-country skis.
Costello rose to the top of the United States underworld, controlled a vast gambling empire across the United States, and enjoyed political influence.
In 2007, she was one of Hollywood's highest-paid actresses.
John Victor Aspinall was an English zoo owner and gambling club host.
After that, Żuławski moved to France where he became known for controversial and violent art-house films.
Sheindlin passed the New York state bar examination in 1965 and became a prosecutor in the family court system.
However, much like Multiplication Broken and Restored, the inspiration for this piece emerged from the devotion she experienced in her relationship.
In 1525, Zwingli introduced a new communion liturgy to replace the Mass.
He died as a result of a heart attack in 1980, aged 54.
He is also a very active educator.
He was a perfectionist, and his financial independence enabled him to spend years on the development and production of a picture.
On 1 February 2014, she was revealed to be a coach on The Voice Kids in Australia, which aired in mid-2014.
A. Baracus in the 1980s television series The A-Team and as boxer Clubber Lang in the 1982 film Rocky III.
She was at one time the highest-paid female entertainer in the world.
His best-remembered character was that of a German soldier with the catchphrase "Verrrry interesting", sometimes followed by, "but stupid" or "but not very funny."
He directed one film, the thriller The Night of the Hunter.
She served as a co-host of an internet webshow Otaku Verse Zero with Patrick Macias, the editor-in-chief of Otaku USA.
Leonard Harris Sassaman was an advocate for privacy, maintainer of the Mixmaster anonymous remailer code and remop of the randseed remailer.
He later taught throughout other regions of eastern India such as Magadha and Kosala.
The autopsy report stated that the official cause of death was "asphyxia by strangulation associated with craniocerebral trauma".
Halle Maria Berry is an American actress.
She has won six Arion Music Awards, 15 Pop Corn Music Awards, and nine MAD Video Music Awards.
Selena released Entre a Mi Mundo, which peaked at number one on the U.S.
in 1964, when she won the Tony Award for Best Actress in a Musical.
With his father he opened a bureau of automobile design, in Stuttgart in 1931.
While not much is known about her life, she was an important part of the gay subculture of early 18th-century England.
For his role as Vladimir Lenin in the television film Stalin he won the Golden Globe Award.
Her husband was the composer Robert Schumann.
He soon earned a reputation as a skilled Broadway director with a flair for creating innovative productions and the ability to elicit polished performances from actors.
William Hooper was an American lawyer, politician, and a member of the Continental Congress representing North Carolina from 1774 through 1777.
Nunn has been the Artistic Director for the Royal Shakespeare Company, the Royal National Theatre, and, currently, the Theatre Royal, Haymarket.
Bill Gothard has credited a large influence to his parents.
Courteney Bass Cox is an American actress, producer, and director.
Caine played Ebenezer Scrooge in The Muppet Christmas Carol.
Joseph Alberic Twisleton-Wykeham-Fiennes is an English film and stage actor.
Although her career had periods of inactivity, in 1999 the American Film Institute ranked Leigh as the 16th greatest female movie star of classic Hollywood cinema.
In 1991 she was appointed an Officier de l'Ordre des Arts et des Lettres.
He also provided the voice of Aslan in The Chronicles of Narnia trilogy and the titular monster in A Monster Calls.
He is considered to be one of India's finest actors ever, playing leading, negative and character roles with equal panache.
Also in late 1999, Crowe's second book was published, a question and answer session with the film director Billy Wilder entitled Conversations with Wilder.
His observatory is situated in Samarkand which is in Uzbekistan.
Vixie attended George Washington High School in San Francisco, California.
He is known for his highly energetic slapstick performances.
He made his peace with the Commonwealth government in 1651, returned to England, and was restored to favour at the Restoration.
Moving to Paris in the early 1950s, Jodorowsky studied mime under Étienne Decroux before turning to cinema, directing the short film Les têtes interverties in 1957.
She reprised her role as Heather in American Pie 2 and American Reunion.
Rahman has become a notable humanitarian and philanthropist, donating and raising money for a number of causes and charities.
He is consistently ranked as one of the greatest and most influential filmmakers in American cinema.
He has devoted his life to making the Talmud accessible to all Jews.
Prevost began her career during the silent film era.
From 2012 to 2016, Kreuk played the role of Catherine Chandler in The CW series Beauty & the Beast.
He built the second house in what became Stow Township.
Bettany is married to American actress Jennifer Connelly, with whom he has two children.
He was the leader of the moderate faction of the Congress party that advocated reforms by working with existing government institutions.
Victor D'Hondt was a Belgian lawyer, salesman, jurist of civil law at Ghent University, and mathematician.
He organized and led the Brotherhood of Sleeping Car Porters, the first predominantly African-American labor union.
This period in his life influenced his decision to buy the town and restore it.
Dobson founded the Family Research Council in 1981.
She first became famous for her comedy work on the ABC series Fridays, and in the 1990s Fox sitcom Parker Lewis Can't Lose.
In 1980, with one leg having been amputated, he embarked on an east to west cross-Canada run to raise money and awareness for cancer research.
Ardal O'Hanlon is an Irish comedian and actor.
She earned her bachelor's degree at Barnard College in New York City and her M.A.
Austin maintains a deadpan expression as Chaplin progressively destroys his clock, then hands the pieces back to Austin.
On 15 April 1984, Cooper collapsed with a heart attack on live national television.
In 1930 at about age 20, their second son Eduard had a breakdown and was diagnosed with schizophrenia.
Peter Greenaway, CBE is a British film director, screenwriter, and artist.
As a musician, Jarmusch has composed music for his films and released two albums with Jozef van Wissem.
Dante Daniel "Danny" Bonaduce is an American radio/television personality, comedian, professional wrestler, and former child actor.
He is also one of the founders for Canana Films.
The subject of paintings by François Clouet as well other anonymous painters, Diane was also immortalised in a statue by Jean Goujon.
Aronofsky received nominations for Best Director at the Golden Globes, and a Directors Guild of America Award nomination.
Hubert Fauntleroy Julian was a Trinidad-born aviation pioneer.
Rita Hayworth was an American actress and dancer.
Gish is widely considered to be the greatest actress of the silent era, and one of the greatest actresses in cinema history.
Born and raised in England, he has lived in the United States since 1984 and currently resides in Washington, D.C., and Provincetown, Massachusetts.
She is the president of Brockovich Research & Consulting.
At the time of discovery, Pluto was considered a planet but was later reclassified as a dwarf planet in 2006.
His career spanned over thirty years, including starring roles in numerous theatre and television productions.
Carazo suffered his first loss, by a knockout in the first round.
Sikorsky modified the design into the Sikorsky R-4, which became the world's first mass-produced helicopter in 1942.
Across Virginia and other southern states, state legislators passed new laws to control slaves and free blacks.
His many travels and his extensive education has given him an international perspective.
Her best-known speech was delivered extemporaneously, in 1851, at the Ohio Women's Rights Convention in Akron, Ohio.
Positive evidence linking Thomas to Leicestershire is lacking since the Marefield parish records from before 1610 perished.
Harry Frederick Oppenheimer was a prominent South African businessman and one of the world's richest men.
In 2015 Von der Ahe was named to the Pre-Integration Committee ballot for the National Baseball Hall of Fame.
She is the daughter of gameshow host Reijo Salminen.
He also helped to launch the careers of actors Peter Fonda and Jack Nicholson.
On March 14, 1932, Eastman shot himself in the heart, leaving a note which read, "To my friends: my work is done.
Kinski was a controversial figure, and some of his tantrums on set were filmed in Herzog's documentary My Best Fiend.
He died at age 100 at his home in Toluca Lake, California.
He was an active leader in the Underground Railroad in Indiana and Ohio and was given the unofficial title of "President of the Underground Railroad."
Other works of his, such as The Lady from Shanghai and F for Fake, are also well-regarded.
Among his discoveries were the atmosphere of Venus and the Law of Mass Conservation in chemical reactions.
Johann Weyer or Wier was a Dutch physician, occultist and demonologist, disciple and follower of Heinrich Cornelius Agrippa.
Anne Josephine Robinson is an English television presenter and journalist, known for her acerbic style of presenting.
Edwin Abbott Abbott was an English schoolmaster and theologian, best known as the author of the novella Flatland.
Edwin Fitzgerald, known professionally as Eddie Foy and Eddie Foy Sr., was an American actor, comedian, dancer and vaudevillian.
Judaism considers the Book of Jeremiah part of its canon, and regards Jeremiah as the second of the major prophets.
In 1530, Tyndale also wrote The Practyse of Prelates, opposing Henry VIII's annulment of his own marriage on the grounds that it contravened Scripture.
With The Apartment, Wilder became the first person to win Academy Awards as producer, director, and screenwriter for the same film.
Since 2000, DiCaprio has received critical acclaim for his work in a wide range of film genres.
Jacqueline Cochran was a pioneer in the field of American aviation and one of the most prominent racing pilots of her generation.
Gates is one of the best-known entrepreneurs of the personal computer revolution.
She wrote under the pastoral pseudonym Astrea.
Ormer Leslie "Lock" Locklear was an American daredevil stunt pilot and film actor during and immediately after World War I.
In the 1990s he diversified into more dramatic fare, including 1994's Forrest Gump, for which he won an Academy Award for Best Director.
Her name has been used to sell different types of goods, from vanilla products to soft drinks, as well as wine and spirits.
He entered the University of Helsinki in 1906 and decided to specialize in pediatric medicine.
Hill, an immigrant worker frequently facing unemployment and underemployment, became a popular songwriter and cartoonist for the union.
Before Monty Python, they had worked on other shows such as the Ken Dodd Show, The Frost Report, and Do Not Adjust Your Set.
Oswald was honorably discharged from the Marine Corps and defected to the Soviet Union in October 1959.
The injury caused dizziness, pain, and spells of hypersomnia, which occurred throughout her life.
In some of his early works, he was billed as "Babe Hardy", using his nickname.
In June 2014, he received a knighthood at Buckingham Palace for services to drama.
Director Steven Spielberg called him "the best actor in the world" after working with him on The Lost World: Jurassic Park.
A 26-year affair with her co-star Spencer Tracy was hidden from the public.
While in jail, Savarkar wrote the work describing Hindutva, espousing Hindu nationalism.
In addition to marketing a line of jewelry and apparel on the QVC shopping channel, Rivers authored 12 best-selling books and released numerous comedy albums.
In 1994, he appeared on the US TV soap opera General Hospital, playing a Puerto Rican singer.
Following his release at the end of the war he became an actor, set designer and director.
Niven later appeared in The Elusive Pimpernel, The Toast of New Orleans, Happy Go Lovely, Happy Ever After and Carrington V.C.
Larry Jeff McMurtry is an American novelist, essayist, bookseller, and screenwriter whose work is predominantly set in either the old West or in contemporary Texas.
on March 11, 1875 and become the first licensed female physician in Canada.
Milo has been depicted in works of art by Pierre Puget, Étienne-Maurice Falconet and others.
Hindu temples, such as in Chittorgarh fort, are dedicated to Mira Bai's memory.
James Neville Mason was an English actor.
Rajmund Roman Thierry Polański is a French-Polish film director, producer, writer, actor, and convicted statutory rapist.
He continued to emphasize Pan-Africanism, black self-determination, and black self-defense.
Between them they created a number of popular children's TV programmes, The Saga of Noggin the Nog, Ivor the Engine, Clangers, Bagpuss and Pogles' Wood.
Rutherford introduced many organizational and doctrinal changes that helped shape the current beliefs and practices of Jehovah's Witnesses.
He is currently imprisoned at ADX Florence with a release date of 2025.
Her debut album under the label, Janet, saw her develop a public image as a sex symbol as she began to explore sexuality in her work.
In September 2009, he began playing the role of Albert in the Broadway revival of Bye Bye Birdie.
James Stillman Rockefeller was a member of the prominent U.S. Rockefeller family.
During his tenure, Mackley worked hard to improve the standard and range of services provided by the railways.
Cornelius Vanderbilt, also known informally as "Commodore Vanderbilt", was an American business magnate and philanthropist who built his wealth in railroads and shipping.
He signed with Sony Music; his upcoming albums will be by Sony Music Latin in Spanish and RCA Records in English.
Guido van Rossum is a Dutch programmer who is best known as the author of the Python programming language.
His poem "Light Shining out of Darkness" gave English the phrase: "God moves in a mysterious way/His wonders to perform."
Walter Martin described her as "one of the most fascinating and controversial personages ever to appear upon the horizon of religious history".
In 1744, Lady Caroline eloped with Henry Fox, a politician who was eighteen years her senior.
In fact, the more general concept of factorial was found at the same time by Arbogast.
He received the Magritte Honorary Award at the Magritte Awards 2011.
His was one of the first instances of an individual's blog having a wide audience and impact.
He also appeared in various roles in the Tertiary, Quandary and Quintessential Phases of the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy radio series.
He was the first poet to be buried in Poets' Corner of Westminster Abbey.
He founded and led the Brazilian Integralist Action, a far-right political party inspired on the Italian Fascist movement.
Brigadier Ralph Alger Bagnold, FRS OBE, was the founder and first commander of the British Army's Long Range Desert Group during World War II.
Their hiatus saw Beyoncé's theatrical film debut in Austin Powers in Goldmember and the release of her debut album, Dangerously in Love.
Her later books in English were among the first works to bring traditional Native American stories to a widespread white readership.
He has been criticized for his business tactics, which have been considered anti-competitive.
Jowers said that he hired Memphis police Lieutenant Earl Clark to fire the fatal shot.
As a member of the group when it was a five-piece band, Sutcliffe is one of several people sometimes referred to as the "Fifth Beatle."
Since becoming active in the film industry, Reeves has earned critical acclaim.
She is perhaps best known for her portrayal of Blair Cramer on ABC's One Life to Live.
She also released another five exercise videos between 2010 and 2012.
In May 2017, Vili Fualaau filed for legal separation.
She is particularly remembered as a cast member of the radio series Beyond Our Ken and Round the Horne.
She married 1st 30 July 1881 in Boston, Suffolk, MA to John F. Canning, a Physician, son of John and Mary Canning, born Abt.
Through his efforts, many schools and hospitals were built in Nepal.
He also won a Golden Globe Award for playing Senator John McCain in Game Change.
Russell was born in Clinton, Iowa but raised in Chicago.
Stern first wished to be on the radio at five years of age.
She ranks number 14 on the AFI's 100 Years...100 Stars list of female stars of classic American cinema.
Born into a musical family, Rachmaninoff took up the piano at age four.
He is a former cabinet minister of president Salvador Allende and was senator for the Arica and Parinacota and Tarapacá regions between 2001 and 2009.
Count Itagaki Taisuke was a Japanese politician and leader of the Freedom and People's Rights Movement, which evolved into Japan's first political party.
Robert Emmett Tyrrell Jr. is an American conservative magazine editor, book author and columnist.
On 14 April 1931, the Lex Pekurinen, Finland's first alternative to military service, was passed.
Jason Donovan is an Australian actor and singer.
Slowly, one group at a time, she brought relatives with her out of the state, and eventually guided dozens of other slaves to freedom.
She lives in Outremont, a suburb of Montreal, Canada.
He appeared in over 50 films, more notably the voice of Pongo in One Hundred and One Dalmatians.
Her father died when she was a child, and her mother was abducted and married by Hugh MacDonald of Armadale, Skye.
He was awarded the German National Prize for Art and Science in 1938.
O'Neill's later years were marked by infighting amongst the Confederates, and he led his army to seize power in the capital of Kilkenny.
Wolfgang Petersen is a German film director and screenwriter.
Dunnington wrote several articles about Gauss and later a biography entitled Gauss: Titan of Science.
Ronald William George "Ronnie" Barker, OBE was an English actor, comedian and writer.
Alfonso John Romero is an American director, designer, programmer, and developer in the video game industry.
The airport at Port Blair, Andaman and Nicobar's capital, has been named Veer Savarkar International Airport.
He was the first African American to be so honored in the history of the prize.
Dorothy Jean Dandridge was an American film and theatre actress, singer, and dancer.
After selling Carnegie Steel, he surpassed John D. Rockefeller as the richest American for the next couple of years.
Alma Maria Mahler Gropius Werfel was a Viennese-born composer.
He also appeared in the British soap opera Coronation Street as Milton Fanshaw, a love interest for Sylvia Goodwin between January and February 2012.
Mayer's secondary career pursuits extend to television hosting, comedy, and writing; he has authored columns for magazines such as Esquire.
Her Brothers of the Borderland was commissioned by the National Underground Railroad Freedom Center.
The scandal made them famous, and Bradlaugh was elected M.P.
Beginning her career in 1985 at the age of four, Good has appeared in numerous television shows, films, and music videos.
Hentoff was formerly a columnist for: Down Beat, JazzTimes, Legal Times, The Washington Post, The Washington Times, The Progressive, Editor & Publisher and Free Inquiry.
Lindbergh's Gift from the Sea is a popular inspirational book, reflecting on the lives of American women.
He has received nominations for two Academy Awards, two Screen Actors Guild Awards, three Golden Globe Awards and two British Academy Awards, winning one.
He was named Righteous Among the Nations by the Israeli government in 1963.
Motivated by her own chronic illnesses, she decided on a medical career, passing her matriculation exam in 1871 and studying medicine at the University of Toronto.
She was the lead singer of the bands Beyond Betty Jean and Jealousy, before launching a solo career.
He created The Open Source Definition and published the first formal announcement and manifesto of open source.
He is one of the 17 original signatories of the Agile Manifesto.
Hepburn challenged herself in the latter half of her life, as she regularly appeared in Shakespearean stage productions and tackled a range of literary roles.
She sang with Duke Ellington and Lionel Hampton before turning to acting.
Encouraged to enroll in acting lessons after entering a beauty pageant, Loren began her film career in 1950 at age 15.
Alfred "Fred" Zinnemann was an Austrian-born American film director.
King Manuel I of Portugal gave Fagundes exclusive rights and ownership of his discoveries on March 13, 1521.
She was appointed Chevalier of the Order of Arts and Letters by the French government in 2012.
She won four Tony awards for her musical comedy performances and served as uncredited choreographers assistant and specialty dance coach for both theater and film.
He was denounced in the popular press as "the wickedest man in the world" and a Satanist.
Kevin David Sorbo is an American actor.
He qualified as a medical practitioner in 1895 and received his DSc in 1905 from the University of Glasgow.
He is viewed as the final prophet of God in primary branches of Islam, though some modern denominations diverge from this belief.
During the Armenian Genocide—along with hundreds of other Armenian intellectuals—Komitas was arrested and deported to a prison camp in April 1915 by the Ottoman government.
Shortly after the boycott, she moved to Detroit, where she briefly found similar work.
She reprised her role of Donna Martin in Beverly Hills, 90210's spin-off, 90210, in 2009.
Willis married actress Demi Moore in 1987, and they had three daughters, including Rumer, before their divorce in 2000.
Morissette began her career in Canada in the early 1990s, with two commercially successful dance-pop albums.
In addition, he produced a full-length biography of Delius and wrote, edited, or otherwise assisted the production of several other books and pamphlets.
While there in 1931 she gave an address on "Women in Irish life long ago" which Philip O'Leary described in 2004 as "unapologetically feminist".
White reported her visionary experiences to her fellow believers.
Asked how to pronounce his name, he told The Literary Digest, "In English, her'sholt; in Danish, hairs'hult."
Louis Braille was a French educator and inventor of a system of reading and writing for use by the blind or visually impaired.
Barbara Kay Olson was an American lawyer and conservative television commentator who worked for CNN, Fox News Channel, and several other outlets.
Before undertaking the Lexicon Heptaglotton, Castell had helped Dr Brian Walton in the preparation of his Polyglott Bible.
Karel Čapek was a Czech writer of the early 20th century.
He resides in Chêne-Bougeries in the canton of Geneva.
As Yugoslavia's only Nobel Prize-winning writer, Andrić was well known and respected in his native country during his lifetime.
He said he had "only hit her in self defense."
He appeared with his comedy partner Stan Laurel in 107 short films, feature films, and cameo roles.
Robin McLaurin Williams was an American stand-up comedian and actor.
Pocahontas was the daughter of Powhatan, the paramount chief of a network of tributary tribal nations in the Tsenacommacah, encompassing the Tidewater region of Virginia.
Katharine Houghton Hepburn was an American actress.
She was the elder sister of the poet and diplomat Paul Claudel and the lover and co-worker of sculptor Auguste Rodin.
Later, he starred as Martin in Ever Decreasing Circles, and he had a leading role as Hector in Monarch of the Glen.
Most of his movies have been made in French; however, six were made in English: Missing, Hanna K., Betrayed, Music Box, Mad City and Amen..
In 1997, after the success of one of his biggest singles to date, "Make 'Em Say Uhh!
After retirement he played an active role as a teacher and trustee of the College of the Atlantic in Bar Harbor, Maine.
She was considered to be the world's oldest recognized living person from March 2002 until her death.
Critic Leonard Maltin called him "the greatest American director who is not a household name."
Her family travelled extensively between Florida and Ontario, and later moved to Los Angeles, California, where she died in 1921.
As part of her theosophy-related work, she travelled to India.
In 2016, Forbes magazine ranked Schultz as the 595th richest person in the United States, with a net worth of $2.9 Billion as of September 2016.
Bara was one of the most popular actresses of the silent era, and one of cinema's earliest sex symbols.
Mortensen received international attention in the early 2000s with his role as Aragorn in the epic film trilogy The Lord of the Rings.
His wide-ranging research in physical science included chemical kinetics, x-ray diffraction, and adsorption of gases.
His multiple articles in the popular press are intended to illustrate the dangers of sleep deprivation.
In 2014, she was presented with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
From the 1930s, he often performed with Zena Dare, writing parts for her in his works.
Carroll Baker is a retired American actress of film, stage, and television.
His testimony helped end the careers of former acting colleagues Morris Carnovsky and Art Smith, along with ending the work of playwright Clifford Odets.
Astor died in the sinking of the RMS Titanic during the early hours of April 15, 1912.
His inexperience was attacked by critics and others in television news, making for a difficult first stint in the anchor chair.
Kaspar von Barth was a German philologist and writer.
Shortly thereafter, construction was started at its present site on Portage Trail and Second Street.
Johns Hopkins was an American entrepreneur, abolitionist and philanthropist of 19th-century Baltimore, Maryland.
He currently stars in the Showtime TV series Billions, which has aired for two seasons and has been renewed for a third.
Charlotte lived in West London during the later part of her life and continued to be active as a poet.
Clokey's second most famous production is the duo of Davey and Goliath, funded by the Lutheran Church in America.
His system correctly saw the Moon as orbiting Earth, and the planets as orbiting the Sun, but erroneously considered the Sun to be orbiting the Earth.
Their work with bicycles in particular influenced their belief that an unstable vehicle like a flying machine could be controlled and balanced with practice.
After the success of That Most Important Thing: Love in 1975, he returned to Poland where he spent two years making On the Silver Globe.
They are siblings, and are both trans women.
Colbert began her career in Broadway productions during the late 1920s, progressing to motion pictures with the advent of sound film.
He was also a driving force behind the development of the Las Vegas Strip.
He was born Saigō Kokichi, and received the given name Takamori in adulthood.
He was the leading political wit of his time, and was the highest paid Hollywood movie star.
Comiskey frequently sent von der Ahe money to help make ends meet.
Mutt and Jeff were two Norwegian spies who worked for the United Kingdom and MI5 and were members of the Double Cross System.
Marshal Samuel Gerard in the 1993 thriller film The Fugitive.
She played the role of Antonia, the niece of Don Quixote, in the 1947 Spanish film version of Cervantes's great novel.
His musical version of the novel The Phantom of the Opera entitled Phantom has enjoyed numerous productions in the U.S. and around the world.
During the 1960s and 1970s, he was arrested often enough to see the inside of 36 different prisons worldwide.
Joseph Cheshire Cotten, Jr. was an American film, stage, radio and television actor.
He was made prebendary of Canterbury Cathedral and professor of Arabic at Cambridge.
Huston won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role in The Treasure of the Sierra Madre.
He was the 1st person to be selected as a Satyagrahi followed by J.L Nehru in Individual Satyagraha by Mahatma Gandhi.
Marcos Orlando Letelier del Solar was a Chilean economist, Socialist politician and diplomat during the presidency of Salvador Allende.
Helena Petrovna Blavatsky was a Russian occultist, spirit medium, and author who co-founded the Theosophical Society in 1875.
For the Texas politician, see James Frank.
As one of the richest Americans in history and wealthiest figures overall, Vanderbilt was the patriarch of a wealthy, influential family.
Clinton Eastwood Jr. is an American actor, filmmaker, musician, and political figure.
There he designed his first graphic adventure game, Loom, published in 1990.
Constantine was born into a wealthy family; her father was successful in property and shipping sectors.
He originally came to prominence as a military strategist and systems theorist while employed at the RAND Corporation.
The dogs were cared for by Schneider's husband-and-wife attorneys, Robert Noel and Marjorie Knoller, who lived in the same apartment building as Diane Whipple.
He was the father of author and folk singer John Byrne Cooke.
He had thirty-six acting roles in his own and others' films, and also worked as a cameraman, composer, designer, editor, and theater manager.
He then united them against the Bakufu, the government that supported the Tokugawa shogun.
Earhart was the first female aviator to fly solo across the Atlantic Ocean.
Rand was a professor emeritus of graphic design at Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut from 1956 to 1969, and from 1974 to 1985.
He received his primary and secondary education in San Juan.
He was known for the visually innovative and explicit depiction of action and violence as well as his revisionist approach to the Western genre.
In the summer of 2001, age 54, he died suddenly of a heart attack while traveling in Russia.
On August 5, 1962, she died at age 36 from an overdose of barbiturates at her home in Los Angeles.
While he was still recovering in 1813, the Americans invaded the Niagara Peninsula, including Queenston.
As a chess composer, he authored a number of chess problems, often with interesting themes.
MacLachlan has won a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Television Series Drama and has been nominated for two Emmy Awards, all for Twin Peaks.
After retiring in 1932 to live with his brother in Oxford, he was one of the founding members of the "Inklings", an informal Oxford literary society.
She appeared in over 300 films, although she received screen credits for only 80 or so.
Jamie Lee Curtis, Lady Haden-Guest is an American actress and author.
She received an Honorary Oscar at the 1982 Academy Award ceremony and the Golden Globe Cecil B. DeMille Award in 1986.
He kept his army intact and led a successful guerrilla war against the Romans in Sicily.
Cicely Mary Barker was an English illustrator best known for a series of fantasy illustrations depicting fairies and flowers.
Kreuger & Toll, for example, was composed of bona fide businesses, and there were others like it.
Gael García Bernal is a Mexican film actor, director, and producer.
