On 3 June 2014 American troops vacated the base and it was handed over back to the Kyrgyzstan military.
The Low Rocky Point is a location on the south west coast of Tasmania, Australia, that is used a location for weather forecasting.
On the southern shore are Northwest Brook, Queen's Cove, Long Beach, Hodge's Cove, Caplin Cove, Little Heart's Ease, Gooseberry Cove, Southport and Butter Cove.
There were totally 22,713 households in the district, with 20,907 Libyan ones.
It was first charted in 1912-13 by Robert Cushman Murphy, American naturalist aboard the brig Daisy.
It is the only area of snow accumulation in the Darwin Mountains.
The eponymous community of Dog Creek is located on the northeast side of the creek's confluence with the Fraser.
It rises to 1,160 m at the west side of the head of Cook Glacier, 4 nautical miles east of Nordenskjold Peak.
The promontory that separates Chimney Bay from Bide Arm is moderately high.
Permanent settlement did not begin until 1894 and the first settler is believed to have been Richard Bursey.
 This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Norton Crag".
Today the route of the line forms part of the Camel Trail, a recreational route for walkers, cyclists and horse riders.
It is also known as the George Gordon Reserve.
Its center is the city of Tukzar or Tokzar.
The first Postmistress was Delilah Florence Smith.
He believed it to be a strait cutting off what is now known to be Antarctic Peninsula from the main land mass of Antarctica.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Prism Ridge".
It was discovered and first surveyed in 1936 by A. Stephenson, W.L.S.
The name was therefore altered to "Breakwater Rocks" by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1957.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Muus Glacier".
Lamellion is a hamlet in Cornwall, England.
Nearby lie the gardens of Trelissick House with their oaks, pines, beeches, rhododendrons, azaleas and camellias.
Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names after John P. Turtle, aurora researcher at Byrd Station in 1962.
Newman, USN, ships officer on the staff of the Commander, Task Force 43, during Operation Deep Freeze 1966.
According to the 2006 census, 11,086 people lived in this division.
243, along with many other surrounding towns and hamlets.
The name appears to be first used on a 1930 British Admiralty chart.
A town hall was created by William Coverdale in 1865 and is used today by various special interest clubs.
The seat of the municipality is located in the Village of Lacadena.
It was discovered and named in 1775 by a British expedition under James Cook.
Arctic, subarctic, and mountain environments are brutally unforgiving to the unprepared.
Portsmouth Lifeboat Station is located on Eastney Point near Southsea, in the English county of Hampshire.
The glacier flows eastwards into Rutford Ice Stream.
It is located mainly in Lanlivery civil parish, with the Saints' Way footpath running through it.
McGee is a hamlet in Pleasant Valley Rural Municipality No.
The name appears to be first used on a 1952 British Admiralty chart.
It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy aerial photographs, 1959–67, and Landsat imagery, 1972–73.
It was only served by the Canadian National Railway in 1953.
217 is a rural municipality in Saskatchewan, Canada encompassing 813.69 square kilometers in area.
It was charted and named "Spit Point" by personnel of the RRS Discovery II in 1930, but that name was changed to avoid duplication.
The Great Meteor hotspot track, also referred to as the New England hotspot track, is a vast trail of hotspot magmatism in the Northern Hemisphere.
In the 1935 census it was 124.
The agricultural use and fast drainage within the catchment areas of the Valency and Jordan are related to the extent of the Boscastle flooding.
Named by the UK Antarctic Place-names Committee in 1977 after the marin, a warm south or southeast wind of the Gulf of Lion in France.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Rampart Terrace".
There were totally 22,713 households in the district, with 20,907 Libyan ones.
Roaches Line connects the Conception Bay North Highway at Cupids Crossing and South River with the Trans Canada Highway and Veterans' Memorial Highway.
The area surrounding the base is off limits to civilian ship traffic.
The rural municipality in conjunction with the provincial government is in charge of maintenance of highways in its area.
Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Luis Aldaz, Meteorologist and Scientific Leader at Byrd Station, 1960.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Paul Beach".
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "The Pricker".
Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Captain Claude Navarrette, U.S. Navy, Deputy Commander and Chief of Staff to the Commander, U.S.
The peak is named after the ancient and medieval fortress of Peristera in Southern Bulgaria.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Utopia Glacier".
Slater Rocks is a cluster of rock outcrops or low rock hills 4 nautical miles north of Leister Peak in the Kohler Range, Marie Byrd Land.
Other towns in Rold Skov include Arden, Rebild and Skørping.
Bay du Nord is an abandoned community in Fortune Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador.
It rings the Gangotri Glacier, and contains peaks that are notable either for their religious significance to Hindus, for their difficult climbing routes, or both.
The forest is owned and administered by the State of Denmark.
The length of the river is approximately 170 km, and the average discharge at the Athabasca River confluence is 20 m³/s.
Garnet Canyon is located in Grand Teton National Park in the U.S. state of Wyoming.
It was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee after the constellation of Lepus.
The Firesteel River is the uppermost left tributary of the Finlay River in the Northern Interior of British Columbia, Canada.
Laboratory is an unincorporated community in Lincoln County, in the U.S. state of North Carolina.
Tucson International is operated on a long-term lease by the Tucson Airport Authority, which also operates Ryan Airfield, a general aviation airport.
This gives a microclimate that favors vegetation with similarities to what can be seen in South Eastern Europe.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Warren Peak".
Odell, for whom the adjacent Odell Glacier is named.
The estate has no visible boundary and is accessible to visitors all year round.
Mount Helms is a rounded, partly snow-covered peak rising between Mount Semprebon and Mount Oldenburg in the central Martin Hills of Antarctica.
The meaning of Penpoll is "head of a creek".
The first lifeboat was stationed in the town in 1825 and the present station was opened in 2001.
Hagen is a hamlet in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.
In 2010, the USDOE withdrew previous plans to develop Yucca Mountain nuclear waste repository in Nevada.
Truax Field Air National Guard Base, also known as Truax Field, is a military facility located at Dane County Regional Airport.
Consequently, the community is accessible by a gravel road but is only 20 minutes by car from the community of Montreal Lake.
Baledogle Airfield is a military airbase located in the district of Wanlaweyn in Lower Shabelle region of Somalia.
The Cascade Volcanoes have erupted several times in recorded history.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Schist Peak".
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Walcott Bay".
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Neilson Peak".
This feature, a multiple volcanic cone, was so named by the New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition, 1965–66, because it looks like an old Viking shield.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Scheuermann Spur".
First seen and photographed from the air by Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition, 1947-48.
The range is crossed by numerous roads and railway routes.
Salmon House Falls is located at the confluence of the two rivers, which is to the northwest of Tsitsutl Peak.
70 Mile House is situated on Highway 97 in the Cariboo region of British Columbia, Canada.
Trembraze is a hamlet north of Liskeard, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Mulgrew Nunatak".
They were formed during different geological periods, separated by millions of years, and occur in three regions referred to as the back-arc, main-arc and fore-arc.
The community had a population of 30 in 2001.
Sailor's Island is a settlement in Newfoundland and Labrador.
Philleigh lies within the Cornwall Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.
It was charted by Discovery Investigations in 1926, when the hill above the headland was called Sharp Peak.
Cook Ridge is a northeast trending ridge, mostly ice-covered, which parallels the west side of Paternostro Glacier and extends into the southeast corner of Davies Bay.
Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Robert T. Soond, geomagnetist/seismologist at Plateau Station, 1968.
Paryadin Ridge is a ridge extending from Cape Alexandra to Cape Paryadin at the west end of South Georgia.
The peak is named after the settlements of Golemani and Golemanite in Northern Bulgaria.
The primary unit at the base was the 376th Air Expeditionary Wing.
The Caucasus extends to the northeast of the Armenian Highlands.
The Carlton Trail Region is located in east central Saskatchewan, covering roughly 11,000 square kilometres east of Saskatoon and north of Regina.
Its capital is the city of Misrata.
Old Kea is a hamlet in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
Robinson Peak is a sharp peak on the ridge east of Rennell Glacier, standing 7 nautical miles south of Mount Virginia in the Heritage Range.
Powers such as Russia and China had been pushing for the closure of the base since 2005.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Sharpend Glacier".
Beddow on the site of an old dairy farm in the 1950s and early 1960s.
Kenney Nunatak is a conspicuous nunatak rising in Waddington Glacier, 1.5 nautical miles south-southwest of Ugolini Peak, in the Royal Society Range of Victoria Land, Antarctica.
Celestial Peak is a granite peak, 1,280 metres high, 8 nautical miles north of Mount Blowaway in the Wilson Hills.
For the other Aberdeen in British Columbia, in the City of Abbotsford, see Aberdeen, Abbotsford.
It flows southeast to join Beaumont Glacier near the head of Hilton Inlet, Black Coast, Palmer Land.
The beach is frequented by many tourists between Victoria Day weekend and Labour Day weekend in September.
As the base has evolved and changed, so has its impact on the area.
Scott Creek was probably named for an early settler.
Three notable rocks lie close northeast of Busen Point of which the outermost is Bucentaur Rock.
Merrell Valley is a valley in the Convoy Range of Antarctica.
Bighorn is an unincorporated settlement and locality in the Thompson Canyon in British Columbia, Canada.
According to the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee, the name has been in local usage since at least 1963.
Maish Nunatak is a nunatak located 5 nautical miles west-southwest of Mount Moses, in the central part of the Hudson Mountains of Antarctica.
Its area of 9,200,000 square kilometres is comparable to the area of China or the United States.
Trenarren is a hamlet northeast of Pentewan in mid Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for David R. Neilson, United States Antarctic Research Program biologist at Palmer Station, 1975.
Carlyon Bay, the principal settlement in the parish, is approximately two miles east of St Austell.
It is a Grade I listed building.
The ecclesiastical parish is named after a female saint, St Dominica, and is in the Deanery and Hundred of East.
It is near the hamlet of Blunts and north of Tideford Cross.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "The Trident".
The municipality also provides policing, fire protection, and municipal governance for the rural district, with a reeve as its administrator.
The Vikos Gorge is a gorge in the Pindus Mountains of northern Greece.
241 is a rural municipality in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan, located in the Census Division 9.
The Pine Grove Iron Works was a southcentral Pennsylvania smelting facility during the Industrial Revolution.
Named in association with Britannia by a University of Waikato geological party, 1978–79, led by M.J. Selby.
The name appears to be first used on a 1931 British Admiralty chart.
Longdowns is a village in Cornwall, United Kingdom.
Marsh Ridge is a rocky ridge in Antarctica, 3 nautical miles long.
The average size of the household in the district was 6.9, while the average household size of non-Libyans being 3.7.
This is recognized as the largest volcanic eruption throughout Canada within the last 10,000 years.
Sunset Beach is a hamlet in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.
The Canadian portion of the Plains is known as the Prairies.
Mount Dalrymple is a mountain between Mount Alf and Mount Goldthwait in the northern part of the Sentinel Range, Antarctica.
Swan Plain is a hamlet in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.
respectively, are under the administration of the Takla Lake First Nation.
Tea Cove was located northwest of Stephenville, Newfoundland and Labrador.
Mennon, Saskatchewan, is a community in mid-southern Saskatchewan.
Rainey Glacier is a tributary glacier on the north side of Archambault Ridge, descending from the Deep Freeze Range into Campbell Glacier, in Victoria Land.
It is located about 70 km from Salamanca city.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Whitmer Peninsula".
Marquise is a settlement in Newfoundland and Labrador.
Fireman Glacier is a glacier in the western part of the Quartermain Mountains, Victoria Land, Antarctica, flowing northwest into Cassidy Glacier.
Tabor Spur is a narrow, jagged spur jutting out from the front of the Bermel Escarpment between Taylor Outlier and Elliott Nunatak, in the Thiel Mountains.
Hesa Awal Kohistan District is a new district, created from the bigger Kohistan District in Kapisa Province, Afghanistan.
It is in the civil parish of St Erth
The lost village of Braunston Cleves or Fawcliff once stood north of the village of Braunston in the English county of Northamptonshire.
Bane Harbor is a Canadian settlement in the Placentia District of the province of Newfoundland and Labrador.
Little St. Lawrence was a small place in the Burin area.
The cemetery played a strategic role in the July 1 to 3, 1863 Battle of Gettysburg.
Alticane is now considered a ghost town with approximately one dozen abandoned houses remaining.
Troan is a hamlet in the parish of St Enoder, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
Cape Spencer-Smith is the northernmost cape of White Island, in the Ross Archipelago.
Specifically, the southern end of the Canadian Cascades begin at the Canada–United States border.
Lyttelton Peak is, at 2,335 metres, the highest peak of the Cobham Range, Antarctica.
In later years, Canals and then Rail transport connected Westham to Richmond along the James River trade route.
The Skeena Country is a historic geographic region comprising areas of both the British Columbia Coast and the British Columbia Interior in northwestern British Columbia, Canada.
The River Valency is a short river in north Cornwall, England, UK, with many small tributaries.
Milling was done at the rate of 150 tons/day, seven days per week, and 130 men were employed.
Petrel Island is an island 1.2 km southwest of Prion Island, lying in the Bay of Isles, South Georgia.
First observed and roughly mapped by the Byrd Antarctic Expedition.
Playfair Mountains is a group of mountains between the Swann and Squires Glaciers in southeast Palmer Land.
261 is a rural municipality in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan, located in the Census Division 8.
It carries a maximum of 2 cars and 12 passengers at a time.
The value of the manor was £1 sterling.
The bioregion is located to the east of Great Northern Highway south of Newman and approximately 200 kilometres north of Wiluna.
The rural municipality in conjunction with the provincial government is in charge of maintenance of highways in its area.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Willett Range".
The population is about 400 people in this village with about an additional 400 in the farming community nearby.
Orizari Glacier is the 4.7 km long and 800 m wide glacier in Veregava Ridge on the east side of Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica.
Named after the S.S. Fridtjof Nansen, which struck this reef and sank, November 10, 1906.
It had a population of 120 in 1940 and 161 in 1956.
The last owners of the beach were John and Valerie Trotter.
Mount Vic is one of the highest summits of the southern Chilcotin Ranges, which are a subrange of the Pacific Ranges subdivision of the Coast Mountains.
Herd of Ferguson Brothers, Port Glasgow, Scotland, the builders of the Discovery II.
Restronguet Point is a small narrow promontory in the civil parish of Feock in south Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
The community is part of the Lac La Ronge band.
To the south of the river is La Push Beach.
The watershed includes a portion of Greenland, the Atlantic Seaboard Watershed, and the North American portion of the American Mediterranean Sea Watershed.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Scott Uplands".
Red Post is a crossroads near Launcells in Cornwall, England.
The feature has steep ice and rock cliffs and is prominent when viewed from northward.
Mosquito is a settlement in Newfoundland and Labrador.
185 is a rural municipality in south-eastern Saskatchewan, Canada encompassing 886.60 square kilometers in area.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Unwin Ledge".
There is a single vent and a single flow, of weathered, fragmented pillow basalt, of maximum 30m thickness.
The feature is named after the medieval fortress of Monyak in southern Bulgaria.
Hand Deeps is an area of the English Channel located 8 nms south-west of Rame Head, Cornwall and 3.5 nm north-west of the Eddystone.
The point appears to be first named on a chart based upon DI surveys undertaken in the period 1926-30.
Helfert Nunatak is a prominent rock nunatak standing 15 nautical miles west of Mount Sharp of the Sentinel Range, in the Ellsworth Mountains of Antarctica.
It has a land area of 14,966.74 km².
Carnhell Green is a hamlet in west Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
Fladerer Bay is a bay about 28 kilometres long and 11 kilometres wide between Wirth Peninsula and Rydberg Peninsula in Ellsworth Land, Antarctica.
A small village known as Grampound Road grew up around the railway station and continues to expand despite the station closing on 5 October 1964.
It is in the civil parish of Blisland.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Rosanova Glacier".
Ball Stream is a meltwater stream 2 nautical miles west of Marble Point on the coast of Victoria Land.
Hulbe Glacier is a glacier about 10 nautical miles long draining the north side of Siple Island, Antarctica.
Primary education is provided by Delaware Community Primary School.
The site is a Site of Special Scientific Interest, noted for its geological characteristics.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Pinther Ridge".
Musson Nunatak is a pyramidal nunatak standing 10 nautical miles south of Mount Jackson, at the east margin of the Dyer Plateau of Palmer Land.
Named for Thomas B. Nolan, seventh director of the U.S. Geological Survey, 1956-65.
Mapped by United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1959-69.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Pampero Pass".
The six car ferry is operated by the Saskatchewan Department of Highways and Transportation.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Mount Talmadge".
He also carried out open field and resupply missions to various stations and camps elsewhere in Antarctica.
Mapped by United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy aerial photography, 1959-65.
The original founding date of Hastings was December 13, 1909
Amos Glacier is a 3-nautical-mile long glacier that flows southeast from Bettle Peak to a juncture with the Blue Glacier, in Victoria Land, Antarctica.
Lanjew is a farm in the parish of Withiel in Cornwall, England.
It is located along the Stewart-Cassiar Highway on the northeast side of Eddontenajon Lake and comprises a small commercial centre as well as the community.
Canim Lake is an unincorporated settlement and First Nations Indian reserve community in British Columbia, Canada.
The saddle is named after Skamni Point on the Bulgarian Black Sea Coast.
So named by DI personnel on the Discovery II because they charted it on Shrove Tuesday, March 4, 1930.
It is part of the town of Clarke's Beach.
The hamlet is 1 mile east of Gooseham in the civil parish of Morwenstow and lies within the Cornwall Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.
The mine is serviced by Kemess Creek Airport and the Omineca Resource Road from Prince George.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Waddington Glacier".
Mirovyane Peak is the peak rising to 1500 m in Maglenik Heights, north-central Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica.
The Tatacoa Desert has two distinctive colors: ocher in the area of Cuzco and gray in the Los Hoyos area.
Celebrity couple Richard Madeley and Judy Finnigan have a home in Talland Bay,
Halls Bay is a natural bay located near the Baie Verte Peninsula of the island of Newfoundland, in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador.
There were totally 22,713 households in the district, with 20,907 Libyan ones.
Mount Vang was named by Ronne for Knut Vang of Brooklyn, NY, who contributed photographic materials to the RARE 1947–48.
It was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1977 after the mistral, the cold northwesterly wind of southern France.
Canada replaced its border station at West Poplar River in 2015.
The school has between 9 and 12 students and currently operates as a one-room school focusing on outdoor experiential education called P.A.C.E.S..
Elliott Rock is a rock lying in Stewart Strait, close west of Bird Island, off the west end of South Georgia.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Cape Roberts".
Discovered by the United States Antarctic Service and named for Charles C. Shirley, chief photographer at the USAS West Base.
Casey Point is a narrow rock spur separating Sheraton Glacier and Arriens Glacier in the Mawson Escarpment, Antarctica.
It is named after Sharp Tor on Bodmin Moor.
Behind the beach there are a number of shops, bars and restaurants.
Mapped by United States Geological Survey from ground surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1960-63.
The king did so as a defensive measure in the event of a war with Sweden.
The Carrick Roads can be seen well from the Trelissick Peninsula.
White Spur is the southern wall of the Allegro Valley, in the Usarp Mountains of Victoria Land, Antarctica.
The largest peninsulas of Mols comprise Skødshoved to the west, and Helgenæs to the east.
It is located on Last Mountain Lake, across the narrow lake from Regina Beach.
Listed as a designated place by Statistics Canada, the hamlet had a population of 27 in the Canada 2006 Census.
to be paid out the revenues of the lordship of Fakenham.
Central Aisle Ridge is a north-south ridge immediately east of The Stage on the north side of lower Renegar Glacier, Scott Coast.
Veregava Ridge is the ridge rising to 3100 m at Mount Waldron in the northeast foothills of Vinson Massif in Sentinel Range, Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica.
First charted by the British Antarctic Expedition which named this feature for Sir James Clark Ross, the discoverer of the Ross Sea and Victoria Land.
It is in the civil parish of Treverbyn.
It is named in association with Walcott Glacier.
By 1884 the ore began to run out and people left.
Mason Nunatak is a nunatak 1 nautical mile long at the northwest end of the Meteorite Hills and the Darwin Mountains of Antarctica.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Trenholm Point".
The original station was established in 1803 and taken over by the RNLI in 1854.
The Black Rock Desert is part of the National Conservation Area, a unit of the Bureau of Land Management National Landscape Conservation System.
The glacier drains the west part of Flight Deck Neve and flows north between Elkhorn Ridge and Sunker Nunataks to Fry Glacier.
The peak was named for Henry McAlpin, an early settler.
Listed as a designated place by Statistics Canada, the hamlet had a population of five in the Canada 2006 Census.
The area is a remnant of the Pleistocene Lake Bonneville and is the largest of many salt flats located west of the Great Salt Lake.
Angarrick is a hamlet in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
It was served by the C.N.R Express after June 1953.
Mapped by United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1959-66.
Finn Spur is a rock spur 3.5 nautical miles northeast of Mount Ayres on the north side of Longhurst Plateau, in the Cook Mountains of Antarctica.
The Little Fort Ferry crosses to the east bank of the river.
Coombe is a settlement in Gwennap civil parish, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
The station was at the subsequent spur for the 1893 Granite Hill Railroad on a 0.5 mi serpentine path around Granite Hill to a quarry.
The desert also hosts an annual Jeep rally, known as Cholistan Desert Jeep Rally.
Charted by Discovery Investigations in 1928–30 and named after Stoker W.B.
The community is historically notable as one of the island's centres of Franco-Newfoundlander settlement and culture.
Canoe is home to the Co-Op Canoe Mill, which processes lumber from the surrounding forests for sale and export, via the Canadian Pacific Railway.
Agriculture is the major industry in the rural municipality.
The feature is 1 nautical mile in diameter, ice free and marks the lowest elevation in the Convoy Range.
Roundabout was a small settlement located west of St. Lawrence near Lawn.
The community was "depopulated" on October 12, 1965.
It has a highly developed tourism infrastructure, coupled with provisions for various mountain sports.
Daymer Bay lies west of Trebetherick village at grid reference SW 928 775.
Onnum Valley is an ice-free valley between Derrick Peak and Onnum Ridge in Britannia Range.
It serves as the regimental headquarters of the Gajaba Regiment of Sri Lanka Army since its formation in 1983.
Novosilski Bay is a bay 2 miles wide, indenting the south coast of South Georgia immediately south of Mount Fraser.
It is in the south of the country.
It lies on the Croatian and Dalmatian border and harbours dreadful wilderness.
It was probably named by early whalers or sealers who used the bay as an anchorage.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Polarmail Ledge".
Multiple items that had been used by the Maritime Archaic people were found at dwellings and burial sites.
Saskatchewan Beach is a community in Saskatchewan, with a beach.
The telephone area code for Rumford is 01841.
It hosts helicopters of the Royal Moroccan Navy.
Gooseberry Island was a settlement of about nine families in 1864 in the Bonavista area.
Condit Glacier is a glacier at the east side of Cathedral Rocks, flowing north into the Ferrar Glacier of Victoria Land.
Named by the New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition for Charles W. Swithinbank, glaciologist that season at Little America V.
It is located where the Highway 925 spans the Dillon River about 10 kilometres south of Dillon.
The feature extends 15.7 km in southwest-northeast direction and 6 km in southeast-northwest direction, and has its interior drained by Berisad Glacier and Orizari Glacier.
As program manager of the Foundation's Field Operation Program, Moulton made more than a dozen deployments to Antarctica in the years 1958 to 1977.
Mapped by USGS from U.S. Navy aerial photographs taken 1966-69.
The expedition was split into two phases due to adverse weather conditions and lasted in total eight days and six nights.
Point Retreat is a point at the east extremity of the Kar Plateau, in Granite Harbour, Victoria Land.
An arm of the Tasman Sea, the bay lies northwest of Tasman Bay and Cook Strait.
The population had grown to 225 by 1945.
Lyell Lake is a lake on the east side of Lyell Glacier, South Georgia.
Keeley Lake is a hamlet in Saskatchewan.
Wandering Albatross population counts are conducted annually.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Swarm Peak".
Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Paul F. Witte, construction mechanic with the Eights Station winter party in 1964.
Björnert Cliffs are a series of ice-covered cliffs which face seaward along the northern side of McDonald Heights, Marie Byrd Land.
Closely followed by shop keepers, quarry men, loggers and sawmill operators.
A hiking trail along Rough Butt Creek leads to a 35-foot waterfall.
The Ashville Formation is a geological formation in Saskatchewan and Manitoba whose strata date back to the Late Cretaceous.
A picture of the original hotel shows a moderately-sized two-storey building with a second-storey balcony.
The ice rise was mapped by United States Geological Survey from U.S. Navy aerial photographs taken 1966-69.
The most capable large igneous provinces in Canada are Archean age greenstone belts containing a rare volcanic rock called komatiite.
The river is stocked with brown, brook, and rainbow trout.
Grayson Nunatak is a nunatak situated 3 nautical miles west of Crummey Nunatak in Antarctica.
Kimmey received a Silver Star, and Staff Sgt.
The following ships were associated with Maitland:
The village has a pub, the Old Plough Inn, and a post office and school.
Recently the area has been subject to diamond exploration by various companies including Shane Resources, United Uranium, and Shore Gold.
It is famous in fishing circles as the home of some of the largest rainbow trout and steelhead in the world.
Rainey of the Cartographic Branch of the New Zealand Dept.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Sandebugten".
It was changed to a Post Office on May 30th 1891.
The Nechako Plateau is the northernmost subdivision of the Interior Plateau, one of the main geographic regions of the Canadian province of British Columbia.
Two of the families living in Baker's Tickle in 1881 were the Amy family and the Parsons family.
Weather Bureau, a member of the Little America V winter party, 1956.
Reunions are common, and many former residents return to Merasheen in the summer months.
Mapped by United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1960-64.
Tregardock is a coastal hamlet and beach in the civil parish of St Teath in north Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
Trevigro is a hamlet in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
The Regulator was an American sealing ship that was wrecked during the 1799-1800 season.
During the Middle Ages, Turkmens settled in large numbers in the Armenian Highlands.
It was mapped by the British Antarctic Expedition under Robert Falcon Scott, 1910–13, and so named by them because of its shape.
Mount McCoy is a high table-topped massif with dark, snow-free, vertical walls, at the east side of Land Glacier in Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.
Tubbs Mill is a hamlet in the parish of St Goran, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
Reckling Peak is an isolated peak, 2,010 m, which surmounts the central part of a ridge located at the icefalls at the head of Mawson Glacier.
Sirte District, is one of the districts of Libya.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Swarsen Nunatak".
It lies at the east side of the mouth of Clausen Glacier.
The feature is 12 kilometres east south east of Roberts Pike and overlooks Couzens Bay due east.
Surveyed by the SGS in the period 1951-57.
Radian Ridge is a ridge named in association with Radian Glacier.
In 2006 the village had a population of 43 people.
Butter Pot Provincial Park is a Provincial Park on the Avalon Peninsula of the island of Newfoundland.
Henderson Hall is named for Brevet Brigadier General Archibald Henderson, the fifth and longest-serving Commandant of the Marine Corps.
Monashee Pass, 1,205 m, is a mountain pass in the Monashee Mountains of the Southern Interior of British Columbia.
The town retains a small post office.
The glacier was observed and mapped by Troy L. Pewe, glacial geologist with U.S. Navy Operation Deepfreeze, 1957-58.
Located in the Humber Arm of the Bay of Islands, Curling was originally a fishing community.
Zenker Ridge is a low moraine ridge extending northeast from Osmic Hill to Discovery Point in Cumberland East Bay, South Georgia.
Jockey Eddie Arcaro won both the 1948 and 1953 American Derby races at the track.
This makes the Great Meteor track one of the oldest hotspot tracks on Earth.
The community celebrated its centennial in 2007.
The Macdonald Bluffs are prominent east-facing bluffs between Argosy Glacier and Argo Glacier in the Miller Range of Antarctica, descending to Marsh Glacier.
Cape Sharbonneau is a rounded, snow-covered headland forming the south side of the entrance to Lehrke Inlet, on the east coast of Palmer Land.
It is the seat of the rural municipality Calder No.
It is in the municipality of Sant Josep de sa Talaia and is situated approximately 3.1 kilometres to the South of Ibiza Town.
It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names after Lieutenant C.D.
Bath County is an extinct county formerly located in the British American colony of North Carolina.
Wilkins believed the feature to be a channel cutting completely across the Antarctic Peninsula, naming it Casey Channel after Rt.
The first postmaster, Robert English, chose the name Snowden, apparently in memory of a friend who drowned working on the Nipawin ferry.
10, is one of two Indian Reserves of the Westbank First Nation located in West Kelowna, British Columbia, Canada.
It is named after the Thracian mound of Ostrusha in Southern Bulgaria.
The village of Grey Islands Harbour is situated at the southern end of the island.
Tway is a hamlet in the Rural Municipality of Invergordon No.
Cape Vahsel is a headland forming the eastern tip of South Georgia.
New Bridge is a settlement in Newfoundland and Labrador.
Lizard is a village on the Lizard peninsula in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
Trethurgy is a village in the parish of Treverbyn, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
Wadebridge and Padstow Rural District was a local government division of Cornwall in England, UK, between 1968 and 1974.
The peak described was selected by Law to commemorate Wilkes' naming.
It had a population of 75 in 1956.
En route to a Union field hospital on the Spangler Farm, where he would die 2 days later, Armistead briefly met Capt.
The name by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee is suggested by the fin-like shape of the feature.
It was transferred to the United States Army in 1983 and redesignated an Army Airfield until its closure pursuant to BRAC action in 1988.
It lies in the north east of the country.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Steeple Point".
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Museum Ledge".
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Mount Blades".
The Taku Plateau is a sub-plateau of the Stikine Plateau in the far northwestern Interior of British Columbia, Canada.
Probably first sighted by the British expedition under Cook which explored the north coast of South Georgia in 1775.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Mount Tricorn".
Lucia Peak is a peak 2 nautical miles northwest of Adams Crest in the Ravens Mountains of the Britannia Range, Antarctica.
It was named after the seaplane tender the USS Curtiss which transported personnel to McMurdo Sound in Operation Deep Freeze II, 1956–57.
Monastery Nunatak is a spectacular isolated nunatak at the head of Ferrar Glacier, between Mount Feather and Pivot Peak, in Victoria Land, Antarctica.
There were totally 22,713 households in the district, with 20,907 Libyan ones.
220 in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan that is recognized as a designated place by Statistics Canada.
Goose Arm was a settlement located north of Corner Brook.
One major industry of Anahim Lake is forestry.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Mount Wilbanks".
Most of the Circum-Superior Belt lies along the margin of the Superior Craton, which is the most extensive fragment of Archean crust on Earth.
Port Elizabeth is a settlement in Newfoundland and Labrador.
Harrison Ice Ridge is an ice ridge between Echelmeyer Ice Stream and MacAyeal Ice Stream on the Shirase Coast of Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.
Tremail is a hamlet in Cornwall, England.
It is in the northeast of the country, in the historical region of Cyrenaica.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Yamagata Ridge".
Portholland is two adjacent villages, West Portholland and East Portholland at opposite ends of the same beach.
RAAF Base Rathmines was established in 1939 and was the RAAF's main flying boat base during World War II and the early 1950s.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Sombre Point".
Klutschak Point is a rocky point 2 nautical miles southeast of Cape Demidov on the south coast of South Georgia.
Trerise is a hamlet in the parish of Grade-Ruan, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
In 1916, the Enrico Parodi, a 339-foot-long, 3,818-ton steel vessel, struck Gurnard's Head during thick fog.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Redcliff Nunatak".
Jasmin is a hamlet in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.
Information on camping in the canyon's undeveloped campsites and other recreational activities is available from the BLM Field Office in Cañon City
Silverfish Bay is a roughly triangular body of water that lies within Terra Nova Bay along the Scott Coast of Victoria Land.
Pissing Mare Falls are located in Gros Morne National Park, Newfoundland, Canada.
Rankin did not disclose the locality because he wished to protect the fur seals found there and shown in his photo.
Olsen Peak is a peak, 2,140 m, standing 2 nautical miles northwest of Mount Wyatt Earp near the north end of the Sentinel Range in Antarctica.
It is situated south of Newcomer Glacier, west of Anchialus Glacier, north of Embree Glacier, and east of Zhenda Glacier and Skaklya Glacier.
Burrows is an unincorporated community in Saskatchewan.
Tregaswith is a hamlet in the parish of St Columb Major, Cornwall.
Common family names include: Wiseman, Greening, Holloway, Howse, Little, Parsons, Peddle and Reader.
It is on the A394 main road.
Cleveland Rock is a rock lying just off Cape Buller on the west side of the entrance to the Bay of Isles, South Georgia.
They were photographed by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump, 1946–47, the Soviet Antarctic Expedition, 1958, and the Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions, 1959.
Zoller Glacier is a glacier in the Cathedral Rocks between Emmanuel and Darkowski Glaciers, flowing north into the Ferrar Glacier of Victoria Land.
Horsefly, formerly known as Harper's Camp, is an unincorporated community in the Cariboo region of British Columbia, Canada.
Black Duck Cove is a settlement in Newfoundland and Labrador.
Mapped by United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos 1959-66.
Bragg's Island was a settlement in Newfoundland and Labrador.
The first Waymaster was Edward Humby in 1891.
Burlawn is a hamlet in the parish of St Breock, Cornwall, England, UK.
The Gorge is 2,433 feet deep as measured from Highcock Knob 3,073 feet to the James River 640 feet and is approximately 9.3 miles long.
This land lies near the center of the area traversed by American explorer Lincoln Ellsworth on an airplane flight during November-December 1935.
Abele, Jr., a member of the Byrd Antarctic Expedition.
The name derives from nearby Hamberg Glacier, and was given by A. Szielasko who explored this vicinity in 1906.
The earliest recorded use of the name to identify the South Georgian headland is a chart prepared for the British Admiralty in 1931.
The town of British Harbour first showed up in the census in 1845 but it was first settled well before 1800.
The stones caused his horses to limp and wore down the hooves of the cattle and sheep which Sturt had taken on the expedition.
The name was first used in 1949 by William Latady, aerial photographer with RARE.
It is the fourth largest desert in the world, and the largest in Asia.
Mount Kauffman is a prominent mountain, 2,365 metres high, that surmounts the northwest end of the Ames Range in Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.
While still in Utrecht city the Leidse Rijn crosses the Merwede Canal and the Amsterdam-Rhine Canal.
The community's name means "well-dressed" as in "ostentatious," though another meaning is "the quiet people".
The escarpment was mapped in detail by United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1960-64.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Olander Nunatak".
The cod fishery was the primary source of employment in Great Brule.
Crosson Ice Shelf is an Antarctic ice shelf, about 35 miles wide, north and northeast of Mount Murphy along the Walgreen Coast of Marie Byrd Land.
Bodrean and Frogmore are farmstead settlements in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom, situated two miles north-northeast of Truro.
It is situated approximately three-quarters of a mile south of Feock village.
1st Battalion Royal New Zealand Infantry Regiment
The beach is on the northern seaboard of the Spanish island of Ibiza.
Nearby is another ancient monument, Trevemper Mill.
Three communities fall within the municipality, Clifton, New Burnt Cove, and Burgoyne's Cove itself.
Major economic drivers in the municipality include agriculture and oil.
It is situated on Highway 20, 320 km.
HMAS Coonawarra is a Royal Australian Navy base located in Darwin, Northern Territory and is home to twelve fleet units of the RAN.
Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Brent E. Scudder, meteorologist at Byrd Station in 1966.
Freezland Rock is a conspicuous sharp-pointed rock, 305 metres high, located 2 nautical miles west of Bristol Island in the South Sandwich Islands.
Reid Ridge is a narrow rock ridge at the west side of the mouth of Cambridge Glacier in Victoria Land.
It is in the civil parish of Mawnan.
It is situated 2.5 miles north of St Austell, in the civil parish of Treverbyn in the 'clay country' area of china clay quarrying.
Noddy Bay is a settlement in Newfoundland and Labrador, located on the Northern Peninsula of Newfoundland.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Spaulding Rocks".
Trebarwith Farm is a Grade II listed building.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Nachtigal Peak".
Tregurnow is a settlement in St Buryan civil parish on the Penwith peninsula in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
Larsen, who visited Cumberland Bay in the Jason in 1893–94.
It had a population of 146 in 1951.
On 22 April – 24 April, 1982, during the Falklands War, the British Special Boat Service attempted to cross Cumberland East Bay.
Barripper is a village in west Cornwall, England, United Kingdom, approximately one mile south-west of Camborne .
Until the early 1970s it was officially known as Portsmouth Royal Dockyard; the shipbuilding, repair and maintenance element of the base was privatized in the late-1990s/early-2000s.
It had a population of 67 in 1956.
Cape Norman is a settlement in Newfoundland and Labrador.
Kana Cone is a red nested cinder cone in northern British Columbia, Canada, located northeast of Eve Cone in Mount Edziza Provincial Park.
Armour Peninsula is an ice-covered peninsula situated immediately east of Armour Inlet on Siple Island, along the coast of Marie Byrd Land.
Salmon Hill is a hill between Salmon and Blackwelder Glaciers in Victoria Land.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Weddell Point".
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Triassic Nunatak".
The Piute Wash Drainage and Piute Valley drains the eastern flank of the north-south Piute Range; the main wash drains portions of the northwest Newberry Mountains.
They were named by the University of Minnesota Ellsworth Mountains Party, 1962–63, for Peter J. Barrett, geologist with the party.
Listed as a designated place by Statistics Canada, the hamlet had a population of 37 in the Canada 2006 Census.
In 1966 the inhabitants of the village of Brakes Cove were forcibly resettled and the village ceased to exist.
Becker Point is a headland on Scott Coast at the foot of Miers Valley, Denton Hills, Victoria Land.
Zilch Cliffs is a series of steep cliffs that mark the east extremity of McDonald Heights near the coast of Marie Byrd Land.
There is a breeding colony of this animal on the point.
The eastern boundary of the Okanagan Highland is clearly defined by the valley of the Kettle River.
The station currently operates as an inshore lifeboat station but was originally a station for an all-weather lifeboat, however this boat was withdrawn in 1931.
It is a popular destination for rafting trips and is known for having some of the best white-water rafting in the United States.
Voight Nunatak is a nunatak rising to about 1,500 m, 3 nautical miles north-northwest of Tollefson Nunatak in the Yee Nunataks, Palmer Land.
The community had eighteen people in 1857 and was resettled between 1952 and 1955.
It has an area of 10,000 km²..
Almost a third of Cornwall has AONB designation, with the same status and protection as a National Park.
The feature lies 1 nautical mile west of Rhodes Icefall.
It is one of the oldest military garrisons in Sri Lanka.
439 is a rural municipality in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan, located in the Census Division 13.
Hall Rock is a large rock located 2 nautical miles northwest of Carapace Nunatak at the edge of the polar plateau of Victoria Land, Antarctica.
Cave Cove is a small cove located in King Haakon Bay, South Georgia.
Albert Mountain is a mountain in North Carolina's Nantahala Range of the Appalachian Mountains.
The hamlet is located 31 kilometres east of the town of Provost, Alberta, on highway 14.
It consists of a group of related igneous rocks that were formed during a massive igneous event starting about 1,270 million years ago.
St. Jude's is a settlement in Newfoundland and Labrador.
The Rancheria is a tributary of the Liard and defines the northern limit of the Stikine Ranges and their parent range, the Cassiar Mountains.
The cape was named by Murphy for Woodrow Wilson, President of the United States, 1913–21.
Reconnoitered by the New Zealand Antarctic Research Program Allan Hills Expedition who named it after the many journeys along its length.
Eilers Peak is a prominent peak, about 1,500 metres high, located 2.5 nautical miles north-northwest of Rand Peak in the central Nebraska Peaks.
Eddies Cove West is a settlement in Newfoundland and Labrador.
An archaeological excavation in 1995 discovered Dorset artifacts dated to between 150 CE and 750 CE.
Due to the karst nature of the plateau, there are no surface streams.
The project is detailed in Severin’s 1978 book The Brendan Voyage.
"Canim" means a type of large canoe in the Chinook Jargon.
Harbord Glacier Tongue is a glacier tongue forming the seaward extension of Harbord Glacier on the coast of Victoria Land, Antarctica.
Black Island is an abandoned community in Newfoundland and Labrador.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Adventure Point".
It has been argued that Sop's Arm is the Straumfjörð of the Vinland sagas.
It surmounts Rutford Ice Stream to the east and the ends of its tributaries flowing from Sikera Valley and Doyran Heights to the west.
Little Rapids is a village located east of Corner Brook in Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Ranvik".
First mapped from aerial photographs taken by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump in January 1947.
Molliers is a settlement in Newfoundland and Labrador.
The locality is the site of North Tacla Lake Indian Reserve No.
Cape Russell is a rock cape in Terra Nova Bay along the coast of Victoria Land, forming the south extremity of the Northern Foothills.
404 is a rural municipality in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan, located in the Census Division 15.
Several summits rise from the ridge which separates Sivjee Glacier and Mansergh Snowfield.
Wedemeyer Rocks is a group of rocks that outcrop near the base of the southern slope of Mount Berlin in the Flood Range, Marie Byrd Land.
The city is the 7th-most-visited city in Southern Europe, after Istanbul, Rome, Barcelona, Madrid, Athens and Milan, with 1,740,000 tourists in 2009.
Brooks, an English meteorologist on the staff of the Meteorological Office, from 1907 to 1949.
At one point the husband found a spot he liked and remarked "Isn't it just grand, Dora?!
221 is a rural municipality in south-central Saskatchewan, Canada located in Division 2.
According to the 2001 Statistics Canada Census:
The project will pave the way for development in this region, possibly connecting Highway 37 to Wrangell, Alaska, offering a new route to the Pacific Coast.
The lower peaks of Fukushima and Opalchenie stand at the south extremity of the plateau.
Running through the canyon is US 89.
Seaton Valley Countryside Park is the newest of Cornwall's four Country Parks.
A lifeboat was stationed in the town from 1836 until 1930.
The base was a transit point for U.S. military personnel coming and going from Afghanistan.
The North Fork Reservoir is behind it.
Willis Ridge is a narrow-crested ridge extending west–east between Aster Glacier and Sowers Glacier on the east side of Craddock Massif, Sentinel Range.
Goose Cove is a settlement in Newfoundland and Labrador.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Playfair Mountains".
It rises to about 1,600 metres at the end of the west ridge that descends from Adams Crest.
It is a rural municipality in west-central Saskatchewan, Canada on the Alberta - Saskatchewan border.
The community takes its name from its first settler, Norman Wilton, who moved to the area from Woody Point in 1927.
Backstairs Passage Glacier is a glacier about 2 nautical miles long, draining east along the north side of Mount Crummer to the Ross Sea.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Pape Rock".
However, the mill has recently re-opened at half capacity.
Mount Petrides is a mountain with much exposed rock midway between Oehlenschlager Bluff and Mount Sinha, in southern Erickson Bluffs, Marie Byrd Land.
Ford Peak is a rock peak, 1,830 metres high, standing 6.5 nautical miles west of Mount Billing in the Prince Albert Mountains of Victoria Land, Antarctica.
Between 1939 and 1945, an auxiliary rescue boat had been stationed at Valentia to help aircraft personnel flying in from the Atlantic during Second World War.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Shomo Rock".
It used to have a playground but it was closed around 2005 and the equipment moved to St.cleer.
It lies between Festive Plateau and Mount Longhurst on the north, and Starbuck Cirque and Mount Hughes on the south.
West End is a community in Saskatchewan.
The Klastline Plateau is a plateau in the Stikine Country of the Northern Interior of British Columbia, Canada.
There is considerable exposure of bare rock along the west slopes of the feature.
Funding cutbacks during the Vietnam War led to the closure of the base in 1967.
Almost a third of Cornwall has AONB designation, with the same status and protection as a National Park.
Sosa Icefalls is a line of icefalls nearly 200 m high at the south margin of Chapman Snowfield, Churchill Mountains.
Mount Hermon is a hamlet in the parish of Grade-Ruan in Cornwall, England.
The ferry does not operate at times of high water or winter freeze up.
Exploring Expedition, 1838–42, led by Lieutenant Charles Wilkes, USN.
The rail line that ran through the village was abandoned in 2005 and torn up in 2008.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Srite Glacier".
The name Kayville comes from Billie McKay.
The rapids near Beggerlay Canyon are regarded as the most difficult on the Grand Canyon of the Stikine.
As well, the municipality provides policing, fire protection and municipal governance for the rural district, with a reeve as its administrator.
Frame Ridge is a small straight ridge in the central part of Brown Peninsula, Victoria Land, Antarctica.
Ahrida is the medieval name of the Eastern Rhodope Mountains in Bulgaria.
It was named by the Victoria University of Wellington Antarctic Expedition for its proximity to Mount Dromedary.
Tutwell is a hamlet in the Tamar Valley east of Stoke Climsland, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
The 1967-1968 Marie Byrd Land Survey found lichen on Mount Rees, but no other traces of life.
It is the hometown of NHL players Barry Melrose, Joe Kocur and Wendel Clark.
Carswell is an impact crater within the Athabasca Basin of the Canadian Shield in northern Saskatchewan, Canada.
Sled Lake is a northern settlement in Saskatchewan.
In 2001, It became a Shabiya, and its territorial extension was reduced.
From 1995 to 1998 Jabal al Gharbi also existed as a Baladiyah.
Todd Gully is a valley about 0.7 nautical miles west of Brock Gully in the Allan Hills, Oates Land.
Black Icefalls run northeast from Vance Bluff to Mount Massam.
Highway 97C runs parallel to the creek between Logan Lake and its junction with Highway 8.
It was enlarged from a farming hamlet so that it now adjoins the neighbouring village of Higher Metherell.
It was named in 1691 for Dr. Thomas Wynne, William Penn's physician and the first Speaker of the Pennsylvania General Assembly.
Across Pass Creek on the same side of the Columbia is Robson, a one-time gold rush settlement and steamboat port.
It was 8.7 miles long and ran from two bone mills at Antingham to a junction with the River Ant at Smallburgh.
There are nearly 200 species of mammal in the Cerrado, though only 14 are endemic.
It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names in 1964 for James B.H.
It was named for Henry Balfour, President of the Royal Geographical Society from 1936 to 1938.
It is one of several military facilities located in the foothills eastern Aichi Prefecture.
It occupies most of the Arabian Peninsula, with an area of 2,330,000 square kilometers.
Connoire Bay is natural bay or cove on the island of Newfoundland in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
Other peaks of the range include Mount Roots.
But, Bartolomé de Las Casas also wrote about Portuguese voyages of discovery to Tierra de los Bacallao.
The rural municipality in conjunction with the provincial government is in charge of maintenance of highways in its area.
It lies 8 km north east from Brandon, Suffolk in the East of England.
Mapped by United States Geological Survey from U.S. Navy aerial photographs taken 1965-68.
The officially unnamed range west of that has been called the Noel Range, after its main peak Mount Noel.
Charted in 1930 by DI personnel on the Discovery II and named by them, probably for association with Crosscut Point.
The Olentangy River flows through the University campus.
Named in association with Britannia by a University of Waikato geological party, 1978–79, led by M.J. Selby.
the only meeting place in Commonmoor is a small village hall.
430, Saskatchewan was established December 11, 1911.
Christophersen Glacier is a glacier 8 nautical miles long, flowing west into Jacobsen Bight on the south coast of South Georgia.
Novisuccinea chittenangoensis has a small, delicate, ovate shell of 3¼ whorls, with deep sutures.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Stench Point".
Garson Lake is 65 km from La Loche and 136 km from Fort McMurray.
Penrose Hill is a hamlet near Porthleven, Cornwall, England, UK.
Windy Cove is a small bay entered 0.6 nautical miles southeast of Antarctic Point on the north coast of South Georgia.
Cape Norman Bay is a natural bay near Cape Norman, off the island of Newfoundland in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
It is situated in the civil parish of St Pinnock, one mile west of Doublebois on the A390 Liskeard to St Austell road.
Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for William E. Runyon, U.S. Navy, construction electrician at the South Pole Station in 1969 and 1974.
Tregadgwith is a hamlet east of St Buryan, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
Its total area is 88.09 square kilometers.
The CN Rail Bridge is a truss bridge over the Fraser River.
The Obudu Plateau is spread over an area of over 40 square miles and rises to about 5200 ft above sea level.
It is a major tributary of the Souris River watershed basin and as a result its flood levels are monitored by the United States Geological Survey.
The bluff was photographed from the air by the United States Antarctic Service, 1940, and by the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition, 1947.
The mountain was discovered by the Marie Byrd Land Traverse party of 1957–58 under C.R.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Tourmaline Plateau".
The post office closed in 1966 and mail was collected at British Harbour.
The nearby campground offers camping, boating, fishing and wildlife viewing as well as an unimproved boat launch leading to the canoe trail.
It is named after Pop Hariton, a leader of the 1876 April Uprising for Bulgarian independence.
It is on the south coast in the civil parish of St Michael Caerhays.
The Brown Hills are a group of mainly snow-free hills in the Cook Mountains, lying north of the lower reaches of Darwin Glacier.
Mapped by United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1960-64.
It is located on the eastern side of the tip of the Great Northern Peninsula, and the village of St. Anthony is nearby.
Mapped by United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1961-67.
It is now home to the West Mercia Police headquarters.
Mapped by United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1961-67.
Cape Crewe is an established name, dating back to about 1912.
Twin Nunataks are two small nunataks lying between Ricker Hills and Hollingsworth Glacier in the Prince Albert Mountains, Oates Land.
Rice Ridge is a low ridge with rocky exposures, 1 nautical mile long, which extends from the north side of Anderson Dome in the Jones Mountains.
The station is located at the mouth of Lowestoft's outer harbour on the South pier.
Roché Peak is a conspicuous peak rising to 365 m, the highest feature on Bird Island, South Georgia.
The name "Pillar Rock" was probably given by Lieutenant Commander J.M.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Transit Ridge".
Hutchinson Air Force Station is a closed United States Air Force station.
Wurtsmith Air Force Base is a decommissioned United States Air Force base in northeastern Iosco County in the U.S. state of Michigan.
It was discovered and named by the British National Antarctic Expedition in the Discovery in January 1902, while searching for safe winter quarters for the ship.
It was formed in 2007 from the former districts of Yafran, Gharyan and Mizda.
There were totally 22,713 households in the district, with 20,907 Libyan ones.
The feature was geologically mapped as Dick Formation, a clastic, sandstone unit, by the New Zealand Geological Survey in 1960–61.
Kauffman, U.S. Navy, a staff civil engineering officer who supervised the planning and building of Plateau Station, 1965–66.
The former Way Office was established in 1881, where The first Waymaster was John MacPherson in 1892 and Margaret MacPherson in 1897.
This included a granite quarry at Benton called Hall's Quarry.
It is situated on the Lizard peninsula approximately two miles north of Lizard Point.
It was mapped by the Holyoake, Cobham and Queen Elizabeth Ranges party of the New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition.
Morval Vintage Steam Rally, an annual weekend event which raises funds for local charities, takes place at Bray Farm in No Man's Land
It previously held the status of a village until December 31, 1971.
The local Hutterite colony and farm have been based in Lajord since 1979.
For the tributary of the Dease River in northern British Columbia, see Blue River.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Whiting Peak".
Cheslatta Falls, 18 m in height, is the final leg of the Cheslatta River and cascades into the Nechako at its confluence.
It is the local residue of the Base Realignment and Closure, 2005 process.
Inner Bay is a small bay lying southeast of The Knob in Elsehul, near the west end of South Georgia.
BNS Issa Khan is a naval base of the Bangladeshi Navy in Chittagong district of Bangladesh.
Jim Wicks brought his family to Benton in 1939 and was a cook in the logging camps and later ran a general store.
Cape Collier is a broad ice-covered cape on the east coast of Palmer Land, about midway between the south end of Hearst Island and Cape Boggs.
The plateau is covered by beech and fir forests, except for the highest parts covered by dwarf pine and grass.
It was mapped by DI personnel under Lieutenant Commander J.M.
The creek begins at King Salmon Lake and flows generally eastward to join the Taku River.
It was discovered by the British National Antarctic Expedition, 1901–04, and named for Robert Chalmers, Assistant Secretary to the Treasury, 1903–07.
It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey from ground surveys and U.S. Navy air photos from 1961-66.
The beach's consistent surf, exposed to the open Pacific Ocean, established it as one of the earliest and most popular surfing locations in British Columbia.
Mansfield Point is a settlement in Newfoundland and Labrador.
They are situated in the civil parish of St Stephens-by-Saltash approximately three miles northwest of Saltash.
Cases of torture of prisoners, and their alleged denial of protection under the Geneva Conventions, have been condemned internationally.
Horizontal drilling and fracturing techniques are used to extract the gas from the low permeability shales.
Trethewey lies within the Cornwall Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.
The Way Office was established in 1882.
The seat of the region is in the village of Montmartre.
Alert Point is a point lying at the north side of the mouth of Purvis Glacier, Possession Bay, on the north coast of South Georgia.
It is in the civil parish of Constantine.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Mount Sporli".
A farmhouse for centuries, it is now run as a bed and breakfast.
The site was originally occupied by an almshouse for the poor, and was founded by the Augustinians as a priory in the 12th century.
Kestle Mill stands just back from the road behind the old road bridge.
There are two bars, a laundromat, a café and a take-out restaurant within walking distance of the beach.
Straitsview is a settlement in Newfoundland and Labrador.
Jacobsen Valley is the shallow valley in Vinson Massif, Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains, descending northwards from the summit of Antarctica Mount Vinson.
The first business was opened by Esau Record in 1920.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Zetland Glacier".
The 1929 Grand Banks earthquake and tsunami struck this small fishing community destroying many small ships and local stores.
Wales Head is a headland 2.5 nautical miles east of Craigie Point on the north coast of South Georgia.
The Noonan–Estevan Highway Border Crossing connects the cities of Noonan, North Dakota and Estevan, Saskatchewan on the Canada–US border.
Cawsand Bay is oriented north-south, opening eastward into Plymouth Sound about 3 miles south-southwest of Plymouth, as the crow flies.
Camp Adair was a United States Army division training facility established north of Corvallis, Oregon, operating from 1942 to 1946.
Teddington Lifeboat Station is a lifeboat station in Teddington, in west London, on the River Thames.
Mapped by United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy aerial photographs, 1959-67.
The heights are named after the settlement of Bangeytsi in northern Bulgaria.
The valley extends northeast for 0.5 nautical miles from the head of Freshwater Inlet.
Breeding Nunatak is an isolated nunatak 10 nautical miles northeast of the Allegheny Mountains in the Ford Ranges of Marie Byrd Land.
The seat of the municipality is located in the hamlet of Birsay.
Mount Moore rises 305 m above the snow surface.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Murayama Crests".
Tripp Island is an island in the south part of Tripp Bay along the coast of Victoria Land.
St Austell Bay Parish Council covering Charlestown, Duporth, Porthpean and Trenarren; represented by 7 councillors.
Mapped by United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1959-65.
Hall who, with Harold W. Borns, did research on the so-called Mawson Tillite in this vicinity, 1968–69.
These are Grindle Rock, Wilson Rock und Freezland Rock.
This village is ninety kilometers west of Prince Albert.
The name appears on a 1938 British Admiralty chart.
New Fort York was built to replace Toronto's original Fort York at the mouth of Garrison Creek as the primary military base for the settlement.
The name North Bay was given to this feature by the Scottish geologist David Ferguson during his visit to South Georgia in 1911-12.
Soyuz-18 Rock is a distinctive nunatak 3 nautical miles west of Cheney Bluff in the Cook Mountains.
Druid is a hamlet in Winslow Rural Municipality No.
The name is one in a group in the vicinity of Discovery Point derived from the chemical fixatives used there in biological work by the FIDS.
The first lifeboat was stationed in the area in 1859 and the present station was opened in 1997.
The name appears to be first used on a 1931 British Admiralty chart.
Lewandowski Point is a rugged, partially ice-free point on the coast of Victoria Land, Antarctica, marking the south side of the mouth of Clarke Glacier.
Connon is a hamlet near Liskeard in Cornwall, England.
218 is a rural municipality in Saskatchewan, Canada encompassing 919.01 square kilometers in area.
The abandoned outport community of Bay du Nord was settled by fishermen in the 1830s.
St Martin-by-Looe is a coastal civil parish in south Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
The command also encompasses activities at bases in Barstow, California, and Jacksonville, Florida.
The name Matterhorn was given by the German group of the International Polar Year Investigations, 1882-83.
Neighbouring towns include Rothwell, Kettering, Rushton and Desborough.
A little further south is Tregidden Farm.
This school houses grade kindergarten to grade six.
The name appears to be first used on a 1931 British Admiralty chart.
The name appears on a chart based upon surveys of this area in 1930 by DI personnel, but may reflect an earlier naming.
The camp is located in the Heritage Range, below the Ellsworth Mountains, on Union Glacier, that gives the camp its name.
It is bounded to the south by a low subglacial ridge which separates this feature from Bentley Subglacial Trench.
Beckmann Fjord is a small bay immediately east of Bellingshausen Point, on the east side of the Bay of Isles, South Georgia.
Several events, such as the shooting of a local civilian and rumors of fuel dumping, had led to strained relations with some of the local population.
During the Cold War era, Ayni served as a major military base of the Soviet Union.
The community lies just north of Buchans and takes its name from the quarry established in the 1890s when the Newfoundland Railway was being built.
Mulberry is a hamlet in the parish of Lanivet, Cornwall, England.
It was built in 1911 and extended in the 1920s.
It is 40 miles from Placentia and 190 miles from St. John's.
It is located in Census Division 2 a part of SARM Division 2.
Brooks is a house near Boconnoc in Cornwall, England, UK.
It is located in southeastern Saskatchewan and is within SARM Division No.
A history of St Dominic post office was published in 1988.
The crater contains a classic crater lake with an island formed by the central uplift.
The seat of the municipality is located in the Town of Waldheim.
His research in Antarctica focused on adaptations of microbial ecosystems to the extreme environments.
On the edges of the moor are Crelly Farm, Crelly Barton and Higher Crelly Farm.
The Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names named the headland after John L. Kohler, U.S. Navy, a construction electrician at McMurdo Station, 1965–66 and 1966–67.
Its capital is the city of Ma'an.
It forms the northernmost segment of the Cascade Volcanic Arc, which includes Mount St. Helens and Mount Baker.
The origin of the town's name is probably from the French word 'gare'.
This glacier was discovered by Sir Hubert Wilkins on December 20, 1928 on his pioneer Antarctic flight.
Mount Lanzerotti is the northernmost of the Sky-Hi Nunataks, rising to about 1,550 metres in Palmer Land, Antarctica.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Shipton Ridge".
Neighbouring geographic townships include Strathy Township, Briggs Township, Strathcona Township, Best Township and Banting Township.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Squires Glacier".
The council members are sole trustees of the village hall
Reynolds Peak is a prominent peak rising 6 nautical miles northwest of Eld Peak on the west side of Matusevich Glacier.
Sancharak District or Sangcharak is a district of Sar-e Pol Province, Afghanistan.
Calvadnack is in the civil parish of Wendron.
Lomond contains two small communities; the municipal office is located in the village of Goodwater, and the former village of Colgate.
They were so named by the University of Minnesota Geological Party, 1963–64, because they established their base camp near these hills.
495 before changing its name to the RM of Shell Lake No.
It is in the civil parish of St Just in Penwith
Benito Beach is an unincorporated community in Saskatchewan.
First mapped by United States Geological Survey from air photos taken by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump in January 1947.
It was named by the New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition for Felton Mathew, the first Surveyor-General of New Zealand, in 1840.
Gaylord of the University of Nebraska, a member of the United States Antarctic Research Program glaciological team during the Ross Ice Shelf Project, 1973–74 field season.
Roa Ridge is a ridge of Antarctica.
The path from the road to the church is lined with granite blocks carved with quotations and verses taken from the Bible.
Turfdown is a hamlet east of Bodmin in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Pearson Peak".
Two relocatable classrooms were move away in 2009.
McIntosh Point is a hamlet in Saskatchewan.
Deer Harbour was a village located east of Clarenville.
The majority of the neighbourhood however is a mix of permanent homes and rental accommodations for students.
Cala Pada is a beach on the south east seaboard of the Spanish island of Ibiza.
The Hayle Estuary is an estuary in west Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
Charted and named by DI personnel in 1930.
The valley has been the site of a broad range of cultures for more than 10,000 years.
Siemiatkowski Glacier is a glacier about 25 miles long, flowing northwest to Nickerson Ice Shelf on the coast of Marie Byrd Land.
The feature rises to 1140 m in the west portion.
40 is a rural municipality in south-east Saskatchewan, Canada encompassing 1,036.91 square kilometers in area.
It is found at the lower section of the South Esk River.
Named by them in appreciation of the splendid cooperative work of their Supporting Party.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Mount Bitgood".
It is situated between Mawnan Smith and Constantine.
The RNLI rescue service is independent of TfL.
The ridge forms the west wall of Compton Valley.
It is surmounting Patton Glacier to the northwest and Crosswell Glacier to the southeast.
McWhinnie Peak is a peak 2 nautical miles northeast of Mount Harker in the Saint Johns Range, Victoria Land, Antarctica.
The peak stands 1.8 nautical miles west of Vogler Peak.
Opened in 1941 as an Army Air Corps flying school, it was active during World War II and the postwar era as Roswell Army Air Field.
Praia da Pipa is a beach within the Municipality of Aljezur, in the Algarve, Portugal.
The range was surveyed by the South Georgia Survey, 1951-52, and named for Sir Harold Salvesen, a director of Messrs. Chr.
"Isca" is a historical name used in Roman Britain for the River Exe.
The hamlet is located on the south shore of White Bear Lake about 14 km north of the Town of Carlyle on highway 9.
Two months later, construction began with thirty metric tons of wood.
Major projects tap in the large gas reservoirs hosted in Mississippian and Devonian limestones such as the Jean Marie Member of the Redknife Formation.
Kiwi Pass is a high pass in the Churchill Mountains of Antarctica, immediately northeast of Mount Egerton.
Listed as a designated place by Statistics Canada, the hamlet had a population of 83 in the Canada 2006 Census.
Its western peak rises to 2,158 metres; its eastern peak to 2,270 metres.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Mount Strange".
The present name, which dates back to about 1930, derives from the Norwegian term "skrapskjaer" or "skrapskjar" formerly used for these islands.
Established by the British as the Royal Naval Dockyard, Trincomalee it was home to the East Indies Station of the Royal Navy during World War II.
Horseshoe Valley is a large ice-filled valley in the southern Heritage Range of the Ellsworth Mountains of Antarctica.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "New Glacier".
It has a sizeable Indian reserve, home to the Nazko First Nation, and is well known in ranching history.
They were named by the University of Minnesota Ellsworth Mountains Party of 1962–63 for Donald E. Soholt, a geologist with that party.
It is widely accepted by geologists that the Canadian Cascade Arc extends through the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains.
Rock Creek is a freestone stream in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of Wyoming.
Trewarthenick lies within the Cornwall Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.
Mount Colburn is an Antarctic mountain, 520 metres high, rising above the east-central part of Shepard Island, off the coast of Marie Byrd Land.
It is flowing northeastwards, then north of Ruset Peak turning east-southeastwards to leave the range southeast of Long Peak.
However, fortunately the rudder floated back into the cove later, and thus they were able to repair the boat.
The name appears on a 1931 British Admiralty chart.
As of 2016 it is under construction.
Sea Serpent Cove is a small cove 1 nautical mile southeast of Vulcan Point on the west side of Candlemas Island, in the South Sandwich Islands.
It is home to many radio, television, and public safety transmitters.
Southeast Placentia is a settlement in Newfoundland and Labrador.
Also at the headwaters of Tonquin Creek is Vista Pass.
The South West Coast Path, which follows the coast of south-west England from Somerset to Dorset follows the cliff above the bay.
Horsburgh Point is a point, 3.4 nautical miles northwest of Scarlett Point, on the southwest side of Montagu Island in the South Sandwich Islands.
It is situated one mile north of East Looe on the B3253 road.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Mount Benkert".
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Mount Bagshawe".
Completed in 2007 the combined generation is 265 MW.
Ormiston is an organized hamlet in Excel Rural Municipality No.
Avonhurst is an unincorporated community in Saskatchewan located on the Canadian National Railway line northeast of Regina flourishing in the 1950s.
Probably named by DI personnel who charted Prince Olav Harbor in 1929.
Carluddon is a hamlet north of St Austell and southeast of Stenalees in Cornwall, England.
Timbrelham is a hamlet in the parish of Lezant, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
Her Majesty's Naval Base, Devonport, is one of three operating bases in the United Kingdom for the Royal Navy.
The Assiniboine 76 First Nations Indian reserve lies adjacent to the R.M.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Walgreen Coast".
It was mapped by United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1960–66.
It trained medical personnel and treated an estimated 85,000 patients during the war.
Almost a third of Cornwall has AONB designation, with the same status and protection as a National Park.
The beach is just over 151 kilometres in length, running north-eastward from a spit near Port Albert to the man-made channel at Lakes Entrance.
The glacier is named after the Bulgarian woman rebel leader Sirma Voyvoda.
It is inside the Vicentine Coast Natural Park.
The monument was the subject of a Pennsylvania Supreme Court case over control of the battlefield.
Mount Razorback is a craggy mountain rising to about 1,600 m east of Staten Island Heights in the Convoy Ridge, Victoria Land.
The river enters the Amargosa Desert and Valley just south of Beatty, a northeast watershed tributary to southern Death Valley.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Walgreen Peak".
It is part of the glacial divide between Kopsis Glacier to the east and Ellen Glacier to the west.
Walcott North Stream is an ice stream flowing from the northern side of Walcott Glacier into Walcott Lake.
It flows eastward through Ward Valley and Ward Lake into Alph Lake.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Staack Nunatak".
At 39 metres, this feature is the largest and deepest of several small freshwater lakes in the Maiviken area.
Blackwelder Glacier is a pocket glacier, 1 nautical mile wide and 2 nautical miles long, between Salmon Hill and Hobbs Glacier in Victoria Land.
The name Low Point was given for this feature, probably by Discovery Investigations personnel who charted this area in 1929.
The wash outfall is in the center-south of the Havasu-Mohave Lakes Watershed.
Gran Glacier is a glacier in Antarctica that flows south into Mackay Glacier between Mount Gran and Mount Woolnough.
The city of Havre is only a short drive from the Port.
It is located within a small canyon a little over halfway between Midway & Greenwood, beside the town which was named after the falls, Boundary Falls.
Mount Simmons is a mountain, 1,590 m, forming the north end of the Independence Hills, in the Heritage Range.
It operates a Severn Class all-weather boat and an Atlantic 75 inshore lifeboat.
It was mapped by the University of Minnesota Jones Mountains Party of 1960–61, who named it for Thomas P. Miller, a geologist with the party.
McCaw Ridge is an isolated ridge lying 4 nautical miles south of the central part of Ueda Glacier, near the base of the Antarctic Peninsula.
It is draining the north slopes of Mount Waldron, and flowing north-northwestwards to join Dater Glacier west of Sipey Peak.
Stibb lies within the Cornwall Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.
This frozen pond was the site of a 1960–61 United States Antarctic Research Program field party which had to be evacuated in a hurry.
Local literature describes Westbank as follows: The community of Westbank is located on the west side of Okanagan lake opposite the city of Kelowna.
It was probably named for Lieutenant Commander G.M.
It contains eleven houses and a building which used to house Rosuick Farm Shop, this being the purpose for which it was built.
It is in the civil parish of St Breock
Caatinga is a type of desert vegetation, and an ecoregion characterized by this vegetation in interior northeastern Brazil.
Mazenod is a hamlet in Sutton Rural Municipality No.
The second largest of Brazil's major habitat types, after the Amazonian rainforest, the Cerrado accounts for a full 21 percent of the country's land area.
The peak was mapped by United States Geological Survey from U.S. Navy aerial photographs, 1966–69, and was visited by a joint USGS-BAS geological party, 1986-87.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Utz Spur".
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Turtle Peak".
The name was proposed by Peter Bermel and Arthur Ford, co-leaders of the United States Geological Survey Thiel Mountains party which surveyed these mountains in 1960-61.
The portion eastward of Siple Island was first delineated from air photos taken by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump, 1946–47.
A similar unincorporated bedroom community, Grasswood Park, lies immediately to the east.
In the north, Nuqat al Khams has a shoreline on the Mediterranean Sea.
It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Commander Charles F. Bird, a Meteorological Officer on the Staff of the U.S.
The Windmill is 1.2 miles south west of the town of Stalham.
Tredavoe is a hamlet west of Newlyn in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
St Michael Penkevil lies within the Cornwall Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.
The Edwards Islands are a group of about 20 small islands, mostly ice free, lying off the southwest tip of Canisteo Peninsula in the Amundsen Sea.
Discovered and named by the British Antarctic Expedition, 1907–09, under Shackleton.
On the Alberta side lies the northwestern part of Jasper National Park.
The population continued to decline until the community was abandoned sometime after 1911.
The seat of the municipality is located in the hamlet of Wishart.
Paternostro Glacier is a glacier, 11 nautical miles long, in the Wilson Hills.
In 1959 Phillip Law of ANARE made investigations of features in this area.
Victor Cliff is an abrupt rock cliff 1.5 nautical miles long, which forms the southwest shoulder of Long Hills in the Horlick Mountains.
Valhalla Canyon extends from the northwest flanks of Grand Teton and Mount Owen and ends in Cascade Canyon.
Wishart is a hamlet in Emerald Rural Municipality No.
Fishguard Lifeboat Station is a Royal National Lifeboat Institution station.
Its drainage is the larger Iskut River.
Mount Chaudoin is an abrupt mountain rising to about 1,400 metres in the west part of the Gonville and Caius Range, Victoria Land.
The curriculum included transportation modes, terminal operations, and cargo/personnel movement.
Sechrist Peak is a peak on the southwest spur of the Mount Murphy massif in Marie Byrd Land.
Ferland is a hamlet in Mankota Rural Municipality No.
Guenter Bluff is a prominent rock bluff on the west side of Pomerantz Tableland, in the Usarp Mountains of Antarctica.
The name "Elsehul" dates back to the period 1905–12 and was probably applied by Norwegian sealers and whalers working in the area.
It is a Grade I listed building.
The Nanisivik Naval Facility is a Canadian Forces naval facility which is to be constructed on Baffin Island, Nunavut.
It is part of the civil parish of St Mabyn, and is about one mile east of St Mabyn village on the B3266 road.
Over the years this shoal has claimed many ships.
It is part of the glacial divide between Rumyana Glacier and Patton Glacier.
Polbrock is the first road access point to the Camel Trail when travelling from Wadebridge towards Bodmin.
It is located at the southern terminus of Highway 60 on the shore of Pike Lake, an oxbow created by the South Saskatchewan River.
North West Brook is a settlement in Newfoundland and Labrador.
Lower Post is an aboriginal community in northern British Columbia, Canada, located on Highway 97, the Alaska Highway, approximately 15 miles southeast of Watson Lake, Yukon.
It is the location of the Butte Sink Wildlife Management Area and Butte Sink National Wildlife Refuge.
The Independence Hills are a line of rugged hills and peaks, 10 miles long, with mainly bare rock eastern slopes.
The population of Palmer fluctuates during the year, hovering in the double digits with peak population occurring in the summer months.
Nazko is the gateway to the Nuxalk Carrier Grease-Alexander Mackenzie Heritage Trail.
A "Faerie Glen" also exists in Scotland and near Pretoria, South Africa.
These boundaries do not coincide with the Sydenham Ward boundaries for city councillor elections as they include parts of the downtown main street.
It was mapped by United States Geological Survey from ground surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1959–71.
The population density is 0.4 people per square kilometer.
Abbotts Steady is a settlement in Newfoundland and Labrador.
Northern Bay Sands has two freshwater pools on the northern end of the beach and the majority of its campsites on the southern end.
During the Miocene period, a basaltic lava flow engulfed the southern end of Anderson Bay.
The glacier drains from the plateau at Edson Hills on the west side of the range and flows east between Pioneer Heights and Enterprise Hills.
The station was later renamed CFS Dana when the military branches were merged.
It is named after the ancient Kii Province.
Tennyson made Merlin's Cave famous in his Idylls of the King, describing waves bringing the infant Arthur to the shore and Merlin carrying him to safety.
It is located just south of Palmerston North.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Mount Spaaman".
Mapped by United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy aerial photography, 1959-65.
He found that the fair evolved from "The Long Fayre" held in Bodmin which dated back before the 11th century.
Three Arms, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada, is a small settlement founded in or about 1864.
It became a Post Office on May 30, 1891 and the first Postmaster was James Rowsell.
The oldest of the buildings is the one facing on Beck’s Cove.
Mount Martyn is a cluster of bare rock faces with one peak, standing 3 nautical miles south of Eld Peak in the Lazarev Mountains of Antarctica.
Other falls of less magnitude are found at the gaps of the Blue Ridge, through which the rivers have forced their passage...
It is located in the Burin-Burgeo District, south west of Belleoram.
Sipey Peak is the peak rising to 2200 m in Veregava Ridge, central Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica.
Horizon is a hamlet in Bengough Rural Municipality No.
In the latter part of the 19th century the French hired Irish guardians to care for their property in winter.
Lantyan is a settlement in Cornwall, United Kingdom.
The Foundation, through its Office of Polar Programs, is responsible for the development of the U.S. Antarctic Program.
There were totally 22,713 households in the district, with 20,907 Libyan ones.
^ Indian and Northern Affairs Canada - Reserve/Settlement/Village Detail
It merges at its south side with Blue Glacier.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Lake Porkchop".
It was named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Frank J. Recely, Jr., United States Antarctic Research Program ionospheric physicist at Byrd Station in 1965.
Trewint Downs, part of Bodmin Moor, are further west.
Discovered by the Byrd Antarctic Expedition in 1929, and named for Adolph S. Ochs, publisher of the New York Times, a patron of the expedition.
Established in 1942, the airfield served as a training base for medium-range C-46 Commando and C-47 Skytrain troop carrier planes and glider pilots.
The population as of the 2011 census was 96
Springer Peak is a rock peak surmounting the north extremity of Webers Peaks in the Heritage Range, Ellsworth Mountains.
Piddington Roman Villa is the remains of a large Roman villa at Piddington, Northamptonshire, about 6 miles south-east of Northampton.
New Quay Lifeboat Station is an RNLI lifeboat station in the coastal resort of New Quay, Ceredigion, West Wales.
Named by the 1976–77 Victoria University of Wellington Antarctic Expedition led by Christopher J. Burgess.
When the school closed, the students were sent to Codette and Nipawin; the school's merry-go-round was sent to Codette.
After the war it became a Front-Line Strategic Air Command base during the Vietnam War and the Cold War.
Carne is a hamlet in the civil parish of St Anthony-in-Meneage, Cornwall, England, UK.
The new Fay Hut burned down in April 2009.
Piccaire was a small settlement located on Long Island, Hermitage Bay, just west of Gaultois, Newfoundland and Labrador.
In its lower reaches the north side of this glacier merges with Meiklejohn Glacier.
Mount Paterson is a mountain, 2,195 m, standing 2 miles north-northwest of Mount Carse in the Salvesen Range of South Georgia.
It was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee for the American schooner Express, Thomas B. Lynch commanding, which visited the South Orkney Islands in 1880.
The igneous rocks comprising the Mackenzie Large Igneous Province originated from processes not associated with normal plate tectonics and seafloor spreading.
The manor of Gothers was recorded in the Domesday Book when it was held by Sheerwold from Robert, Count of Mortain.
The land was cleared for farming, roads, houses, schools and churches were also built at that time.
Lies north of Punta Pabellion, it is located among Punta Zorra and Punta Barranco.
It is also known for the Roswell UFO incident, an event that supposedly happened on 4 July 1947.
and his children, Anna Maria, Barclay and Caroline.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Todd Gully".
Mattis met and fell in love with Tara Gunshoe, the daughter of a famous blacksmith Willy Gunshoe.
Basque, British Columbia, is located in the province of British Columbia, Canada, near the village of Ashcroft.
Kolich Point is a rock point located midway between Spike Cape and Gneiss Point on the east coast of Victoria Land, Antarctica.
Havre Du Croc means Harbour Of The Hook.
Gold Harbour is a small bay 5 miles south-southwest of Cape Charlotte, with Bertrab Glacier at its head, along the east end of South Georgia.
Armstrong Glacier is a glacier flowing from the south side of Mount Bagshawe westward into George VI Sound.
Named by FIDS for its association with Gadarene Lake and the incident of the Gadarene swine.
Kenneggy Downs is a hamlet on the A394 in Cornwall, UK.
Little Harbour Deep was a settlement located northwest of Baie Verte.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Promenade Screes".
A tent city, established in 1943 to build the base, was initially commanded by Major General Uzal Girard Ent for whom the base is named.
Named by a 1989-90 New Zealand Antarctic Research Program field party to the area.
The campground is also a departure point for people making further explorations into the park along the Monkman Pass Trail.
It is located above and east of US Route 95 and the Castle Dome mining district.
These pits are shallow holes lined with the skins of animals turned inside out and other ritual items.
The village is within the Gwennap Mining District of the Cornwall and West Devon Mining Landscape World Heritage Site.
The resident British Magistrates attended to the island’s defence throughout the War.
Its general slope is from south-west to north-east.
Discovered and mapped by the United States Antarctic Service.
Trenant Park is a Grade II listed country house in the civil parish of Duloe in east Cornwall, England, UK.
Marine Corps Logistics Base Albany is a United States Marine Corps base located just outside Albany, Georgia.
It was named on January 2, 1980 by the Geological Survey of Canada for its high quality of obsidian.
The name Blenheim Rocks has appeared for these rocks, but since about 1930 the name Black Rocks has been used more consistently.
The canyon was formed by glaciers which retreated at the end of the last glacial maximum approximately 15,000 years ago, leaving behind a U-shaped valley.
They were discovered by Sir Hubert Wilkins in an aerial flight on December 20, 1928.
Napoleonville is a village and the parish seat of Assumption Parish, in the U.S. state of Louisiana.
Praia do Canal is a beach within the Municipality of Aljezur, in the Algarve, Portugal.
Lower Trebullett is a hamlet in the parish of Lezant, Cornwall, England.
The Beaches is a village located southwest of Baie Verte, Newfoundland and Labrador.
Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Ronald C. Serlin, ionospheric physicist at Siple Station, 1969-70.
He accompanied the United States Antarctic Research Program Marie Byrd Land Survey party, 1966–67.
Carlita Bay is a small bay in the west side of Cumberland West Bay, South Georgia, just west of Islet Point.
The nearest hospital is also located in Stpehenville.
Mount Van Valkenburg is a mountain standing 1 nautical mile south of Mount Burnham in the Clark Mountains of the Ford Ranges, Marie Byrd Land.
O'Donnel River is a river located in the Atlin Country region of British Columbia.
Samuel Nunataks is a chain of about seven nunataks at the southeast end of the Nimbus Hills, in the Heritage Range.
The name, given by US-ACAN, is in association with Shackleton Inlet and is for the Nimrod, the ship of the British Antarctic Expedition under Ernest Shackleton.
The name "Johann Harbour" was used on a chart resulting from a survey of this area by DI personnel in 1926-27.
White Glacier is a broad westward flowing tributary glacier which joins the Land Glacier on the north side of Mount McCoy in Marie Byrd Land.
The beach appears on earlier charts, but the name was given by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey in 1951 following a sketch survey.
The Rockford Park District was formed in 1909 and is governed by an elected five-member board of commissioners who serve six-year terms without compensation.
Algar had one third of a virgate with 3 ploughs and 4 serfs.
Flint, manager of the United States Antarctic Research Program Berg Field Center at McMurdo Station in 1972.
The beach is in the municipality of Sant Josep de sa Talaia and is 13.3 miles west of the town of Ibiza town.
Two attempted escape, but were quickly captured.
The Glover Hills are prominent hills separating Atka Glacier and Baxter Glacier in the Convoy Range, Victoria Land, Antarctica.
Named for Søren Berntsen and Herman Berntsen, managers of the Tønsberg Hvalfangeri whaling station at Husvik.
From 1992 the name was used for the smallest Environmentally Sensitive Area in England.
An English form of the name has been accepted.
The mountain forms part of the divide between Bachtold Glacier and the head of Griffiths Glacier.
The name stems from a Nakoda word meaning "river".
In 1974 the district was abolished under the Local Government Act 1972, forming part of the new Restormel district.
The McClean ore body was discovered in 1979, followed by the discovery of the JEB ore body in 1982.
Trythogga is a hamlet west of Gulval in west Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
But now it has a population of 86.
Luck Point is a point at the west side of the entrance to Sea Leopard Fjord, in the Bay of Isles, South Georgia.
It is one of seven communities on the Eastport Peninsula.
Kitsu in the Tahltan language is the word for the northern lights.
It is a tributary of Mud Creek.
The mountain was mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and from U.S. Navy air photos, 1960–63.
Bradshaw Peak is a peak rising to 1,640 metres, 4 kilometres south east of Turk Peak, Churchill Mountains.
Fry Peak is a sharp-pointed peak which is the southernmost peak in the Welch Mountains, in Palmer Land, Antarctica.
Colgate is a hamlet in Lomond Rural Municipality No.
He had also held it before 1066.
The largest settlement is Torpoint, which is on the eastern coast, facing Devonport in Plymouth, Devon.
Mapped by the University of Minnesota-Jones Mountains Party, 1960–61, and so named by them because the continual falling of rocks made examination of the area hazardous.
The Blue River forms part of the boundary between the Shuswap Highland and the southwesternmost Cariboo Mountains.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Salient Nunatak".
They were mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy aerial photographs, 1961–67.
Clark Knoll is an ice-covered knoll 4 nautical miles southwest of Mount Dane in the western part of Radford Island, Marshall Archipelago.
It takes its name from Francois Lake 30 km south of Burns Lake and 10 km west of Fraser Lake.
The Erven Nunataks are a small nunatak group 7.5 nautical miles northeast of Putzke Peak in the McCuddin Mountains of Marie Byrd Land.
It includes two Local Nature Reserves, Seaton Valley North and Seaton Valley South.
It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for geologist Arthur B. Ford of the United States Geological Survey.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Mount Streich".
Its population was 268 as of the 2006 Census.
It was charted by Discovery Investigations personnel in 1929, and was probably so named at that time because a lighthouse was located on nearby Sheep Point.
The tongue appears to be nourished in part by Davis Glacier and partly by ice draining from Lamplugh Island and Whitmer Peninsula.
It is developed on the heights of the Waputik Range in the Central Main Ranges.
Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Jack R. Penrod, builder with the Byrd Station winter party, 1957.
The profile of the cliff is said to resemble a horse's head.
The desert is underlain by the Great Artesian Basin, one of the largest inland drainage areas in the world.
It is located near Eyebrow Lake, a prairie lake in the Qu'Appelle Valley, which shares its name with the town of Eyebrow.
The CBC also operates the 1,600-acre Naval Base Ventura County - Port Hueneme installation.
Zhenya's hump appears to be composed of fat, similar to a camel's hump.
They left Elliston in a small rowboat with the idea of moving further up the bay.
It flows north-northwestwards from Kushla Peak to join Dater Glacier northeast of Sipey Peak.
Access Slope is an ice slope between the north end of Lindstrom Ridge and Tether Rock in the Meteorite Hills, Darwin Mountains.
The range has steep cliffs on its east side, but it slopes gently into the Cambridge Glacier on the western side.
The Brier Icefalls are icefalls about 150 metres high and 5 nautical miles wide at the east side of Vantage Hill in the Britannia Range.
James Cook visited the island on 7 July 1754.
As well, the municipality provides policing, fire protection and municipal governance for the rural district, with a reeve as its administrator.
The rectangular medieval Bouchout Castle was surrounded by a large pond and could only be reached by a long drawbridge.
It also hosted a reconnaissance regiment, the 98 ORAP flying MiG-25RB, Su-17, Su-24MR, and MiG-31 aircraft.
To avoid possible confusion, the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee recommended Sheer Point for the feature described here.
Sheerness Lifeboat Station is an RNLI station located in the town of Sheerness on the Isle of Sheppey in the English county of Kent.
The Canadian Northern Railway (now the Canadian National Railway0 came through in 1919 and the first grain elevator was built that year.
To the west is the Walgreen Coast of Marie Byrd Land, and to the east is Bryan Coast.
Bands like The Undead, Screaming Dead, The Damned, The Cramps, T.S.O.L, 45 Grave and Rosemary's Babies also be considered old school horror punk bands.
This station was closed in 1902 when Porthcawl Dock was closed.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Mount Whitcombe".
The name suggests the easy identification of the peak and its use as a landmark.
It is located approximately 27 km north of Yorkton, Saskatchewan and approximately 20 km south of Canora.
The meaning of Ashton is "ash-tree farm".
Tuxford, named for George Tuxford, is a community in Saskatchewan.
6 flanks both sides of the Fraser, though the community is only on the right bank.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Snow Nunataks".
Mapped by USGS from surveys and US Navy air photos, 1957-59.
It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Commander Paul Allison, U.S. Navy, Plans Officer, U.S.
It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names in 1987 after Klaus J. Christoph, upper atmospheric physicist at Siple Station, 1970–71.
463 is a rural municipality in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan, located in the Census Division 15.
They were named by the University of Minnesota Geological Party, 1963–64, for Barton Gross, a geologist with the party.
Sutton Peak is a sharp peak, 1,410 metres high, on the ridge separating Henderson Glacier and Ahrnsbrak Glacier in the Enterprise Hills, Heritage Range.
The seat of the municipality is located in the Village of Speers.
Opabin Lake is a body of water located at an elevation of 2,277m in the mountains of Yoho National Park, near Field, British Columbia, Canada.
Aberdeen was one of the first lifeboat stations to be established in Scotland, it was founded in 1802.
Marinovic Beach is a gently sloping beach on the south shore of Explorers Cove, New Harbour, on the Scott Coast of Victoria Land, Antarctica.
D is an unorganized subdivision on the island of Newfoundland in Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
The small beach is accessed by climbing down the cliffs near the settlement of Tregardock.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Willey Glacier".
According to the 2001 Statistics Canada Census:
Nobby is a rock at the southeast end of the Clerke Rocks, lying some 40 nautical miles east-southeast of the southeast end of South Georgia.
They rise 17 nautical miles southeast of the Seward Mountains in central Palmer Land, Antarctica.
The name was suggested by Russell R. White, Jr., U.S. Navy aerographer and member of the University of Wisconsin survey party to the area, 1965-66.
Walters Peak is a sharp peak, 2,430 m, on the spur descending the north slope of Wisconsin Range between Faure Peak and Lentz Buttress.
5, on the left bank of the Fraser River at the mouth of Chimney Creek, 22.70 ha.
As far back as 1760 the Portuguese built a fort, which was later rebuilt and garrisoned by the Dutch in 1776 and later by the British.
Mount Goodwin is a rock peak that is the second most prominent summit in the Pirrit Hills of Antarctica.
Janke Nunatak is an isolated nunatak, 4 nautical miles northeast of Carlson Peak in the western Hauberg Mountains, in Palmer Land, Antarctica.
There were totally 22,713 households in the district, with 20,907 Libyan ones.
Delineated from aerial photographs taken by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump in January 1947.
There are a number of islands located in the bay, of which the largest is Brunette Island.
On 1 August 1940, the depot was commissioned as HMAS Melville.
Some of the largest cities in the region are Austin, College Station, Killeen, Round Rock, Bridge City, Mansfield, and Waco.
At some point the first floor of the hotel received an addition.
Discovery Rock is a submerged rock in Stromness Bay, South Georgia, lying 0.7 nautical miles north-northeast of Ems Rock.
The present house was built in 1829 by architect William Donthorne.
Flat Bay West is a settlement in Newfoundland and Labrador.
Ravens Mountains is a symmetrical group of mountains on the west side of Hughes Basin in Britannia Range.
The center of the area is approximately 15 miles west of Santa Fe, New Mexico.
Lockers Bay is a natural bay off the island of Newfoundland in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
It surmounts Newcomer Glacier to the west and south, and Vicha Glacier to the northeast.
It educates children from the ages of 4 to 11.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Waikato Spur".
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Rowley Massif".
Mount Stierer is a mountain rising 1.5 nautical miles north-northeast of Mount Bellingshausen in the Prince Albert Mountains, Victoria Land.
There is a small car park and picnic area from which a footpath leads through Bishop's Wood to Hustyn Mill.
It is characterized by Harry's River, which runs past the town and is a great Atlantic Salmon fishing river.
Listed as a designated place by Statistics Canada, the hamlet had a population of 62 in the Canada 2006 Census.
It was named in association with Magnis Valley by a University of Waikato geological party, 1978–79, led by M.J. Selby.
The creek provides irrigation water for nearby cattle ranches, and a tributary, Witches Brook, drains part of the area of the Highland Valley Copper mine.
So named by United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee because of a number of steeple-like features visible among the peaks.
St Ann's Chapel is a hamlet in the parish of Calstock, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
It is a popular cross-country skiing area in winter, partly because its middle reaches are accessible via trails from the Emerald Estates neighbourhood of Whistler.
They were named by the FIDS for Norwegian meteorologist Henrik Mohn.
The peak described was selected by Law to commemorate Wilkes' naming.
Bolling Air Force Base was a United States Air Force base in Washington, D.C.
It was discovered by Sir Hubert Wilkins in a flight on December 20, 1928, and named by him for George E. Miller of Detroit, Michigan.
Discovered by the Marie Byrd Land Traverse party, 1957–58, under C.R.
Normally, it is not counted as the lowest point on land, since the overlying ice sheet makes it essentially subterranean.
It is linked to Tyree Ridge by Podgore Saddle.
Frazier, officer in charge at Byrd Station, 1963.
He had also held it before 1066 and paid tax for 1 virgate of land.
The Auriga Nunataks are a small group of nunataks in Palmer Land, Antarctica, located 21 miles east of Wade Point at the head of Bertram Glacier.
Atlantic College Lifeboat Station opened in 1963 as one of the first experimental inshore lifeboat stations established by the RNLI.
The site has also been used as a road racing circuit.
It was designated Grade II listed status on 25 June 1985.
Snowshoe Canyon splits into an upper and lower canyon.
Conant Valley is a valley between Duncan Bluff and Communication Heights in the southern part of the Darwin Mountains; the valley mouth opens to Hatherton Glacier.
Greenville Valley is the large mainly ice-free valley lying south of Elkhorn Ridge in the Convoy Range of Victoria Land, Antarctica.
Mount Metschel is a prominent ice-free mountain in Antarctica, 1,845 metres high, standing 4 nautical miles southeast of Angino Buttress and the Skelton Icefalls.
Named for Edgar Clive Webb, member of the SGS who, with Ian.M.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Scuppers Icefalls".
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Mount Zeigler".
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Rubble Glacier".
The Bill Putnam hut is an alpine hut located in the Adamant range of the Selkirk mountains in British Columbia.
In recent years though lake levels have been on the rise which in turn will hopefully rejuvenate this summer retreat.
Kerley Downs is a moorland southeast of Chacewater in Cornwall, England.
It is linked by a saddle to Forbidden Plateau to the southeast.
Bearwallow is an unincorporated community in Henderson County, in the U.S. state of North Carolina.
The current superintendent of schools is Dr. Dennis L. Riker.
It was roughly charted in 1912–13 by Robert Cushman Murphy.
The coal was first discovered in 1904, but the main exploration of its economic potential occurred in the late 1970s to 1990s by PetroCanada.
The Sevier River enters the east desert flowing west, immediately turning southwest, then west, to enter the north of Sevier Lake, which is mostly south-southwest trending.
Mapped by United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1960-64.
It previously held the status of a village until December 31, 1967.
It was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee for Petty Officer Peter T. Cairns of HMS Owen, which first located this shoal in 1961.
The feature was surveyed in 1929 by Discovery Investigations personnel, who named it "Nogood Lagoon" because a motor boat could not get through the entrance.
It is situated northwest of Kopsis Glacier and east-southeast of Marsa Glacier.
Frazier Glacier is a glacier between the Clare Range and Detour Nunatak, flowing northeast to join Mackay Glacier east of Pegtop Nunatak, in Victoria Land, Antarctica.
It was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1971 after Cape Harcourt, the easternmost point of this island.
36 is a rural municipality in south-east Saskatchewan, Canada encompassing 832.36 square kilometers in area.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Mount Nordhill".
It is south of and near to Week St Mary.
It takes its name from the Finley River and was deposited just before 10,220-10,560 years ago.
The last commercial use of the canal was in 1934, and it avoided nationalisation in 1948.
Ringgold Knoll is a mountain 9 nautical miles south of Archer Point on the east side of Matusevich Glacier.
The rocks are popular with swimmers, divers, anglers and trawler fishermen, being home to a wide range of marine life.
Porth Hellick Down is an area of downland on the east side of the island of St Mary's in the Isles of Scilly.
Pinchard's Island is one of the communities that comprise an area on the northeast coast of the Island of Newfoundland, called Bonavista North.
Old Mill is a hamlet in the civil parish of Stokeclimsland, Cornwall, England.
Mapped by United States Geological Survey from U.S. Navy aerial photographs taken in 1966.
As of November 2008, six SEAL classes averaging 40 students come to Kodiak each year for a 28-day course.
Green Island Brook is a settlement in Newfoundland and Labrador.
The Elk Lakes cabin, maintained by the Alpine Club of Canada, is located a short distance east of Lower Elk Lake.
Listed as a designated place by Statistics Canada, the hamlet had a population of 39 in the Canada 2006 Census.
349 is a rural municipality in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan, located in the Census Division 13.
For the Robertson Barracks, Norfolk, England see Robertson Barracks, Norfolk
It is located 2 miles west-southwest of Yoder, Kansas.
The trailhead for the canyon is located on a side road off the Moose-Wilson Road, approximately 5 miles from the park headquarters at Moose, Wyoming.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Thompson Peak".
Canworthy Water is mainly in the civil parish of Warbstow, with parts north of the River Ottery in Jacobstow civil parish.
It is overlooking the terminus of Ellen Glacier to the south, Arapya Glacier to the west, and Ranuli Ice Piedmont to the northeast.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Pipe Peak".
There were 2 hides of land which never paid tax and land for 8 ploughs.
It was charted in 1930, along with other navigational hazards, by Discovery Investigations personnel on the William Scoresby, and named for C.A.
Hope, who directed a 1920 survey of King Edward Cove by personnel on HMS Dartmouth.
The bay is bounded by Port au Choix on the southern end and New Feroile on the northern end.
There is also a bridge called Newbridge near Gunnislake.
Clare Range is the range extending west-southwest from Sperm Bluff to the Willett Range on the south side of Mackay Glacier, in Victoria Land.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Webber Nunatak".
Trinity Bay is a large bay on the northeastern coast of Newfoundland in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador.
Mount Hooker is a rounded summit over 3,800 metres high, standing immediately south of Mount Lister in the Royal Society Range of Victoria Land, Antarctica.
The launch pads' marks and configuration from satellite images show that the base is 'targeting Iran and Israel with ballistic missiles'.
After running past Lesnewth it cuts a valley before entering the sea at the harbour of the village of Boscastle.
Grand Beach has a Local Service District which has been serving the community since the mid-1980s.
The cape was photographed from the air in 1940 by the United States Antarctic Service and in 1947 by the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition.
The most populous community in this division is Yorkton.
Creagh Icefall is an icefall at the head of Creagh Glacier in the Wilkniss Mountains, Victoria Land.
It was selected by Law of ANARE to perpetuate Wilkes' naming.
Lytton Mountain, officially gazetted as Mount Lytton,  2049 m, prominence 764 m, is the northernmost summit of the Cascade Mountains in British Columbia, Canada.
Jones, U.S. Navy, who piloted aircraft for magnetometry studies during Operation Deep Freeze 1966 and 1967.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Risting Glacier".
They had to leave their boat offshore, and the elements tore the rudder off the James Caird.
Applied by the names commission, Argentine Ministry of Defense.
Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Dion M. Murphy, aviation machinist's mate, U.S. Navy, a helicopter flight crewman during Operation Deep Freeze 1968.
Kealey Ice Rise is an ice rise, 40 nautical miles long and 15 nautical miles wide, forming a western lobe of the larger Fowler Ice Rise.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Susa Point".
St. Barbe is a settlement in Newfoundland and Labrador.
He named it for Professor W. Spring of the University of Liege, a member of the Belgica Commission.
Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Stephen V. Shabica, United States Antarctic Research Program biologist and Station Scientific Leader at Palmer Station in 1970.
It carries a maximum of 2 cars and 12 passengers at a time.
Puffin Island is a small island in Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada, in a navigation channel called Baccalieu Tickle and just off the coast of Baccalieu Island.
It has steep and partly ice-free southeast slopes, and surmounts upper Nimitz Glacier to the northeast.
In June 2009, it was transferred to the Marines of 2nd Marine Expeditionary Brigade.
Bedrock in the range is almost entirely made up of a coarse-grained fresh granite batholith.
Listed as a designated place by Statistics Canada, the hamlet had a population of 30 in the Canada 2006 Census.
The pass provides easy passage between Beacon Valley and Arena Valley.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Seal Glacier".
In May, 2007, the beach hosted the English National Surfing Championships.
Horseshoe Crater is a volcanic crater at the confluence of Radian Glacier and Pipecleaner Glacier in the Royal Society Range of Victoria Land, Antarctica.
Named by US-ACAN for Rear Admiral James Lloyd Abbot, Jr., Commanding Officer, U.S.
The Drainage mill is 1¾ miles west of the village of Ludham.
The ridge trends northwest–southeast and rises to about 1,650 metres.
Snowdrift Lake and Lake Taminah are situated at the head of the canyon.
The entire section of stream between the outlet of Butedale Lake & the Inside Passage is one long series of cascades collectively known as Butedale Falls.
The address where the accident occurred is Gvardeytsiv Kantemirovtsiv Street, Building 7, Apartment 85, between apartments 85 and 52.
Lance Cove was a small place with two families in the Harbor Main area in 1864. coord|47|28|N|53|04|W
Darmody is located 87 km northwest of the City of Moose Jaw on highway 627.
Maivatn is a lake near the head of Maiviken in northern Thatcher Peninsula, South Georgia.
In 2006, Sovereign had a population of 35 people.
It has steep and ice-free east and south slopes.
Trewint is also the name of places in the parishes of Blisland and Poundstock.
Sea Leopard Fjord is a bay 1 mile wide between Bellingshausen and Luck Points in the southeast part of the Bay of Isles, South Georgia.
The Pike Lake area is part of the aspen parkland biome.
Khamsin Pass is a pass at 750 metres, running north-south between the Relay Hills and the Kinnear Mountains, southward of the Wordie Ice Shelf, Antarctic Peninsula.
Technically, the ferry is a reaction ferry, which is propelled by the current of the water.
The S.S. years at Prince Olav Harbor before the shore station was built there.
Tuelmenna is a hamlet near Dobwalls in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
The settlement of Francois is located on the bay.
Eights Coast stretches between 103°24'W and 89°35'W, and Bryan Coast between 89°35'W and 79°45'W.
Tolcarne Wartha is a hamlet in west Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
This rural municipality in conjunction with the provincial government is in charge of maintenance of highways in its area.
Lance Cove was a village located south of Wabana, Bell Island.
Mount Curtiss is a peak about 1,300 metres high at the east end of the main ridge of Gonville and Caius Range, Victoria Land.
Abbott Rock is a settlement in Newfoundland and Labrador.
The base became the Ent Annex to the Cheyenne Mountain facility in 1975.
The hamlet is part of the rural municipality of Sliding Hills No.
It was charted by the British Antarctic Expedition, 1910–13, under Robert Falcon Scott, who so named it because of its distinctive shape.
As well, the municipality provides policing, fire protection and municipal governance for the rural district, with a reeve as its administrator.
It is located approximately 24 km West of Saskatoon, just south of Hwy 14.
On a map, the Robson Valley is located immediately south of the elbow in the boundary between Alberta and British Columbia.
Yee Nunataks is a group of scattered nunataks, about 24 miles long and 12 miles wide, centered 35 miles northeast of Lyon Nunataks in Palmer Land.
The mountain is 4 nautical miles east-northeast of Mount Tuatara on the south side of Byrd Glacier.
So named by United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee because the bay is frequented by sheathbills.
Just south of Fraddon is the settlement of Blue Anchor.
Harwich Lifeboat Station is an RNLI station located in the town of Harwich in the English county of Essex.
The seat of the municipality is located in the Town of Turtleford.
Penponds is a village west of Camborne, in west Cornwall, England, UK.
The Gates River is a short river in the Lillooet Country of the Southern Interior of British Columbia, Canada.
McDermott Glacier is a glacier flowing west from the Royal Society Range, Antarctica, between Dot Cliff and Berry Spur.
The creek is well known for the oyster beds.
Lords Creek was named for William Lord, who owned the land where the stream is located.
The ridge has a distinctive sickle shape.
It is included in the Hayle Estuary and Carrack Gladden Site of Special Scientific Interest.
It is located east and north from the town of Fort Nelson, extending to the Alberta and Northwest Territories borders.
Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Philip J. Tenney, traverse engineer on the South Pole—Queen Maud Land Traverse III, summer 1967-68.
The site of the battle was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1929.
Ramah was a small mission run by the Moravian Church in northern Labrador from 1871 until 1908.
Black Coast was named after Commander Richard B.
It consists of a north block north of the city of Prince Albert, Saskatchewan, and a south block between Duck Lake, Saskatchewan, and MacDowall, Saskatchewan.
Located on the south side of Bay St. George, it had one church in 1911.
It is situated two miles southeast of Wadebridge at grid reference SX 014 695 and near Burlorne Pillow.
In addition, the United States Navy operates the Naval Undersea Warfare Center sonar test facility on a part of the facility.
The area is accessible via the Christmas Valley National Back Country Byway.
Counties in the coastal region of the Carolina colony began to be formed in the latter 17th century.
It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names in 1964, for John Dearborn, a biologist at McMurdo Station, 1959 and 1961.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Penguin Bight".
This community is approximately twelve miles northeast of Regina.
The base was originally named Limestone Army Air Field, and was renamed Limestone Air Force Base following the establishment of the Air Force in 1947.
The remarkable size and spherical shape of these rock formation was first noted by Bell.
Trevemper is a hamlet to the south of Newquay, Cornwall, United Kingdom, on the west bank of the River Gannel at the rivers lowest bridging point.
They were named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee after the star Canopus in the constellation of Carina.
Fernando Air Base is the site of the Philippine Air Force's pilot training and education facilities located in the city of Lipa, Batangas, Philippines.
It was mapped by the Darwin Glacier Party of the Commonwealth Trans-Antarctic Expedition and named for E.S.
Grossenbacher Nunatak is a nunatak at the southwest end of the Lyon Nunataks, Palmer Land, Antarctica, 2 nautical miles southwest of Holtet Nunatak.
The spit is located between the Henichesk Strait to the north and the north-eastern shores of Crimea to the south.
The Spatsizi and Tanzilla Plateaus, and the Tahltan Highland, are also part of the Stikine Plateau.
It is the only permanent US military base in Africa.
A rock cliff marks the west side facing Hatherton Glacier.
It is a part of Gros Morne National Park.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Mount Passel".
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Odell Glacier".
In 1960 the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee limited the name Thor to the island actually used by the ship; the other island was left unnamed.
Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Paul R. Williamson, ionospheric physicist at Byrd Station in two austral summers, 1967–68 and 1969–70.
The glacier drains the northeast slopes of Mount Malone and the west slopes of Bracken Peak, flows northwards and joins Newcomer Glacier east of Mount Lanning.
After 1974 thefts, some sculpture elements were stored for safekeeping.
It was named by the New Zealand Antarctic Place-Names Committee in association with Byrd Glacier.
Mapped in 1957 by the New Zealand Northern Survey Party of the Commonwealth Trans-Antarctic Expedition, 1956–58.
The population peaked at 45 in 1941 but in the late 1940s people started to move away to find employment, mostly to nearby Clarenville.
It was charted by the Swedish Antarctic Expedition and named after Otto Nordenskiöld, leader of the expedition.
McDonald Lake is a lake in Saskatchewan, Canada, created when the Rafferty Dam was built in 1994.
It was named in 1954 for Major Charles J. Loring, Jr., USAF, a Medal of Honor recipient during the Korean War.
The feature is named after the settlements of Orizari in southern Bulgaria.
It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Larry R. Seaquist, a United States Antarctic Research Program meteorologist at Ellsworth Station in 1961.
The waters of the bay are up to 165 metres deep and may have been the site of a substantial meteor impact.
Murray Point is a hamlet in Saskatchewan.
The feature was charted and named descriptively by DI, 1929-30.
Running through the middle of the area is a tree-lined street named Arroyo Seco, which follows a creek of the same name.
It is situated on the Rame Peninsula, approximately four miles south of Saltash and two miles west of Plymouth.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Owen Shoals".
Outer Bonne Bay consists of the entrance to the fjord of Bonne Bay.
It is situated between Pityme and Rock although the buildings along the Rock Road are continuous.
Gaussiran Glacier is a glacier in the eastern part of the Britannia Range, Antarctica.
Mapped by the United States Geological Survey from tellurometer surveys and Navy air photos, 1960-62.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Mount Neuner".
The island was probably named by Discovery Investigations personnel who re-surveyed it in 1927.
It corresponds to the present-day areas of Myanmar, Thailand, Laos, Cambodia, Vietnam, and peninsular Malaysia.
Pollards Point is a village in Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada, located southwest of Baie Verte.
It was named after Paul J. Sullivan, an electronics technician in support of the U.S. Antarctic Program at McMurdo Station.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Mount Alpheratz".
The Opheim–West Poplar River Border Crossing connects the town of Opheim, Montana with Rockglen, Saskatchewan on the Canada–United States border.
Mount Kopere is a peak 1.5 nautical miles northwest of Lyttelton Peak in the central part of the Cobham Range, Antarctica.
It was first surveyed by the Swedish Antarctic Expedition, 1901–04, under Otto Nordenskiöld.
The feature is 10 nautical miles long and rises to 2,050 metres in Mount Rainbow.
This was the seat of the Rev.
The Nechako Lakes is an informal term for group of lakes in Northern British Columbia, Canada on the Nechako Plateau.
It had a population of 137 in 1956.
Nachtigal Peak is a rocky peak on a spur projecting northward from the southeast extremity of the Allardyce Range, South Georgia.
Other settlements in the parish include Cawsand, Cremyll and Kingsand.
Renamed for its association with Salmon Glacier by the New Zealand Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1960.
It was photographed from the air by the British Graham Land Expedition in 1937, and by the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition in 1947.
The rural municipality maintains its office in Grayson, Saskatchewan.
The feature was resighted by the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition under Finn Ronne, who named it for Lt. Cdr.
Marcoux Nunatak is a nunatak 1,530 metres high, about midway between the Schmidt Nunataks and Poorman Peak in the Wilson Hills of Antarctica.
Discovered by the British Antarctic Expedition and named for Eduard Suess, Austrian geologist and paleontologist.
Numerous auxiliary and service units, as well as four U.S. Army divisions, trained at the camp between 1942 and 1944.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Northern Foothills".
The structure is a grade II* listed building.
It is two miles east of Redruth in a former mining area at grid reference SW 747 427.
The peak is named after Laslo Klayn, geologist at St. Kliment Ohridski base in 1999/2000 and subsequent seasons.
It serves the borough of Coopersburg and Lower Milford and Upper Saucon Townships.
It was once on the main highway leading north from Prince Albert, Saskatchewan.
Horton, Royal Navy, chief engineer of the Discovery II at the time of the survey.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Soyuz-17 Cliff".
Riptide Cirque is a glacial cirque on the south wall of Eastwind Ridge immediately west of Mount Naab, in the Convoy Range, Victoria Land.
It was named in association with "Britannia" by a University of Waikato geological party, 1978–79, led by M.J. Selby.
Launcells Cross is a hamlet in the parish of Launcells in Cornwall, England.
The headland was roughly charted in 1819 by a Russian expedition under Fabian Gottlieb von Bellingshausen.
The neighbourhood comprises the subdivisions of Oakridge Acres, Oakridge Park, Oakridge North, Oakridge Meadows, Thornwood Estates, Hunt Club, Hunt Club Green, Hazelden, and Hazelden Park.
Initially the cost of the new building was forecasted as $101 million, however after seven years, the actual cost came out to $156 million.
Cape Alexandra is a cape which forms the northwest extremity of South Georgia.
Probably named by DI personnel who surveyed the Bay of Isles in 1929-30.
Misrata, also spelt Misurata or Misratah, is a sha'biyah in northwestern Libya.
Lower Tamar Lake is located on the Devon-Cornwall border, in England, near Alfardisworthy.
63 is a rural municipality in south-eastern Saskatchewan, Canada encompassing 740.91 square kilometers in area.
This store remained the centre of Wiltondale until the early 1990s.
Kelp Bay is a small open bay close east-southeast of Doris Bay on the north coast of South Georgia.
King penguins form huge breeding colonies - and the one at St Andrews Bay has 150,000 birds.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Acrid Point".
It lies to the south and east of what remains of the Aral Sea in Uzbekistan and Kazakhstan.
It's strategic location made it an ideal hub for sealing, fishing, and trading with Labrador.
Queen's is a neighbourhood located in downtown Kingston, Ontario, Canada.
Ashton is a village in the civil parish of Breage, west Cornwall, England, UK, at OS grid ref SW604286.
It is in the parish of St Stephens by Launceston Rural and is about halfway between St Stephens and Egloskerry.
Main River was designated a Canadian Heritage River in February 2001.
Davis was a member of the 11 man tractor party, led by Major Antero Havola, that journeyed from Byrd Station to South Pole Station, 1960–61.
Helgenæs is a peninsula, approximately twenty square kilometres in size, stretching out from Mols in Denmark.
Wiesnet Ice Stream is an ice stream about 15 nautical miles long flowing into Venable Ice Shelf west of Allison Peninsula.
Trebarber or Trebarver is a hamlet situated off the A3059, just south of RAF St Mawgan in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
The rural municipality in conjunction with the provincial government is in charge of maintenance of highways in its area.
The creek is a popular location for yachting and dinghy racing and there are mororing for visiting boats at the Pandora Inn, a waterside public house.
Old Colorado City was annexed into Colorado Springs.
The name is well established in local use.
During the South Georgia Survey, 1951–52, this peak could not be re-identified.
The agreement was implemented by the Natural Resources Acts and the Constitution Act, 1930.
The rocks were first reported by Jorge Reinel circa 1516 — 1522 and are noted as good fishing grounds in the era of the schooner fleet.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Shelton Nunataks".
Sithney Common is a hamlet in west Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
The first Postmistress was Mrs. Edward Mandville in 1951.
The nearest village of Santa Agnès de Corona is 5.2 miles east of the resort.
To the southwest of the Armenian Highlands is Upper Mesopotamia.
The waters are clean and safe for swimming.
There are extensive hiking and bicycling paths at the bay perimeter, especially in the shore areas of Mill Valley and the town of Tiburon.
In the north, Butnan has a shoreline on the Mediterranean Sea.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Pastor Peak".
460, and the Muskoday First Nation Indian reserve lies adjacent, but neither is technically part of the R.M.
Babine, British Columbia is a town in British Columbia.
Roughly charted by the British expedition under Shackleton, 1914–16, and surveyed by the SGS in the period 1951–57.
Carlyon is one of four new civil parishes created on 1 April 2009 for the St Austell area of south Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
The 1991 Base Realignment and Closure Commission recommended that Loring be closed and its aircraft and mission be distributed to other bases in the nation.
There were totally 22,713 households in the district, with 20,907 Libyan ones.
INS Trata is a missile battery base of the Indian Navy at Mumbai, Maharashtra tasked with the coastal defense of Maharashtra and Gujarat.
The Tulks Volcanic Belt is a volcanic belt located in the central interior of the island of Newfoundland in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador.
The canyon ranges up to 500 feet deep and 0.25 miles wide, and runs for just over 50 miles.
The manor belonged at various times to the families of Hewis, Colshull, Arundell, Whittington, Treise and Morshead.
The building is named for William Anthony Paddon, a former Lieutenant Governor of Newfoundland.
Back Shore was a locality located west of Cape Freels.
Located on Highway 167, the community is 20 km southwest of Flin Flon and 422 km northeast of Prince Albert.
The DeRemer Nunataks are a group of nunataks centered about 4 nautical miles southeast of Mount Blowaway in the Wilson Hills.
The name Little Jason Lagoon was approved in order to indicate the nature of the feature, and at the same time to conform with local usage.
As the land was cleared farming became the main industry.
Sagami General Depot is a United States Army post located in the city of Sagamihara, in Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan, about 40 km southwest of Tokyo.
Named in association with Britannia by a University of Waikato geological party, 1978–79, led by M.J. Selby.
Glendhow is a hamlet in Montrose Rural Municipality 315, Saskatchewan, Canada.
Listed as a designated place by Statistics Canada, the hamlet had a population of 47 in the Canada 2006 Census.
Such faulting is believed to be the surface manifestation of a deeper shear zone.
Named by the New Zealand Antarctic Place-Names Committee for Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, husband of Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Tor Point".
Alison Ice Stream is an ice stream about 8 nautical miles long flowing into Eltanin Bay south of Wirth Peninsula, Antarctica.
It was charted in 1930 by Discovery Investigations personnel on the Discovery II, who named it for H. Horsburgh, technical officer to the Discovery Committee.
Mount Watters is a massive peak westward of Scythian Nunatak in the Allan Hills, Victoria Land.
The ice shelf is nurtured by Smith, Pope, Vane, and Haynes Glaciers.
Chinstrap Point is the southeast point of Vindication Island, South Sandwich Islands.
It was handed over to British 3rd Battalion, Parachute Regiment on 2 June 2006.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Scambos Glacier".
This was water-powered and continued in use for corn until 1968.
The wind pump is a grade II listed building.
North Norfolk District Council Headquarters is located in Holt road in a prominent position south of the town of Cromer in the English county of Norfolk.
Minehead Lifeboat Station is the base for Royal National Lifeboat Institution search and rescue operations at Minehead, Somerset in England.
Sickle Ridge is a ridge in East Antarctica.
On its south, it is bordered by the Hermitage peninsula and the communities of Seal Cove, Hermitage and Sandyville.
The rural municipality of Beaver River in Saskatchewan, Canada was corporated on January 1, 1978.
Cannington Resort was once a very nice resort populated very well in summer months.
West of St Clether parish church is a holy well and associated chapel, said to be one of Cornwall's best preserved.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Poindexter Peak".
Trencreek is a hamlet in the parish of Jacobstow, north Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
Bradley Nunatak is a prominent nunatak standing 10 nautical miles southwest of Mount Tidd in the Pirrit Hills, Marie Byrd Land.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Shabica Glacier".
It was discovered in 1981 and developed by ExxonMobil.
During World War II it also had a Naval Outlying Field at the southern edge of the base.
Radford Island is an ice-covered island surmounted by several peaks, lying 6 nautical miles west of Saunders Mountain in the east part of Sulzberger Ice Shelf.
Stony Beach is a hamlet in Saskatchewan.
It was named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1987 after Lieutenant Commander John A. Ellerbeck DSC, Royal Navy.
Group tours by helicopter to the source of the Fraser are offered every few years by Wells Gray Tours.
Fulcrum is a peaked nunatak rising to about 2,000 metres at the north end of the Lever Nunataks in the Wilkniss Mountains of Victoria Land, Antarctica.
It is located within the Nantahala National Forest.
Jolly's Bottom is in west Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
The region is notable for its karst topography and tall rugged hills of limestone or granite.
Ward Glacier is a small glacier between Terminus Mountain and Howchin Glacier on the east side of the Royal Society Range in Victoria Land.
Nobleville is a town in Saskatchewan, Canada.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Parker Bluff".
Inman Nunatak is a nunatak standing 6 miles east of Mount Manthe in the southeastern part of the Hudson Mountains, Antarctica.
Evans Cove is a cove in Terra Nova Bay, Victoria Land, entered between Inexpressible Island and Cape Russell.
It is centred about the city of Humboldt, which is a separate entity from the similarly named R.M.
Tuati Peak is a peak, 2,595 m, which rises above the north wall of Mitchell Glacier at the glacier head, in Royal Society Range, Victoria Land.
Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Henry C. Savage, builder at Byrd Station in 1962.
There is a long standing feud between proponents of Powell Creek and those of the Nautley River over which body is the shortest.
The cove is within an Area of Outstanding Beauty, is a Geological Conservation Review site and was designated a Site of Special Scientific Interest in 1996.
The primary focus is on vintage cars, but old motorcycles and mopeds also participate as do other styles of cars.
Weather Bureau, who arranged the program for sending weather reports from the RARE.
Melcon Peak is an ice-covered peak rising to 2,500 metres 1.1 nautical miles south of Shapeless Mountain in Victoria Land, Antarctica.
Edenburg has a population of 30, and is a mixed use residential/agricultural area.
The district is part of Fezzen geographical division of Libya which is mostly desert.
However, the state government of Schleswig-Holstein has not yet officially confirmed and authorised this, so the sandbank technically remains an unorganised location.
In 1999, the Clarkboro Ferry carried 52,185 vehicles, the highest volume of any ferry in the province.
It lies in the community of Stackpole and Castlemartin.
Mapped by United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1960-63.
Spencer Nunatak is a prominent nunatak 9 nautical miles east-northeast of Mount LeSchack, lying between Wisconsin Range and Long Hills in the Horlick Mountains.
Three of the better-known stories are "The Stork in the Corn", "The Thirsty Tree", and "Black Pudding".
As well, the municipality provides policing, fire protection and municipal governance for the rural district, with a reeve as its administrator.
Elephant Ridge is referred to as "Man Pack Hill" in scientific reports in the early 1960s, and is locally known descriptively as "The Elephant".
The unit is 3 nautical miles long and stands 3 nautical miles south-southwest of Mount Tuatara.
Russell, U.S. Navy, officer in charge of the helicopter unit aboard the icebreaker Glacier in this area during U.S. Navy Operation Deepfreeze, 1958-59.
During the construction about 1.5 million tons of rock were removed.
It was named by a 1976–77 Victoria University of Wellington Antarctic Expedition field party after James K. Baxter, New Zealand poet and social critic.
There was one hide of land and land for 8 ploughs.
It is situated north of Gerila Glacier and south of the head of Embree Glacier.
The base was inactivated in 1973 as part of the drawdown after the Vietnam War.
It is located in the Census division No.
Raymond Ice Ridge is an ice ridge between Bindschadler Ice Stream and Kamb Ice Stream on Siple Coast, Marie Byrd Land.
It was re-surveyed by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey in 1952.
The community was never large and had only a population of 45 in 1898.
The area of New Polzeath inland of the terrace was developed later.
The name 'Komm' in Cornish means 'small valley, dingle'.
The South West Coast Path runs around the whole promontory and is within the Cornwall Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty and the Trevose Head Heritage Coast.
Treadwell, U.S. Navy, who earlier had been Deputy Commander as well as Commander, U.S.
The hamlet of Candiac is included in this region, as is the village of Kendal.
In January 2010 ISAF chief Stanley McChrystal and the country's prime minister Hamid Karzai visited the district to assess the ISAF's work in combating the insurgents.
Congleton is an unincorporated community in Pitt County, in the U.S. state of North Carolina.
It forms the southeastern extremity of the Doyran Heights, and overlooks Rutford Ice Stream to the east and Obelya Glacier to the west.
Mapped by the University of Minnesota-Jones Mountains Party, 1960–61, and named by them after Pillsbury Hall which houses the Dept.
It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names in 1964 for Karl C. Hamner, a biologist at McMurdo Station, 1960–61.
The name is an Anglicization of Yid'n Bridge, for a nearby bridge over the Carrot River.
The peak is named after the town of Beloslav in Northeastern Bulgaria.
Nouasseur Air Base near Casablanca in Morocco, was a United States Air Force base.
Surveyed in 1957 and named by the New Zealand Northern Survey Party of the Commonwealth Trans-Antarctic Expedition after Captain Lawrence E.G.
It has been absorbed by the Town of Paradise where population density is 3,338 per square mile.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Stevens Cliff".
It rises in northwest White County, Arkansas, near the town of Rose Bud.
It lies separated from Mount Dixey to the northeast by a low ice-filled col, and from Mount Flower to the east by a small glacier.
In 1995 there were three drying patches recorded to the north-north east and east-south east of the Mid Haisbro light buoy.
Stanford Plateau is an icecapped plateau, over 3,000 m high and 15 nautical miles wide, between the heads of Leverett and Kansas Glaciers.
Goonown is a hamlet near St Agnes in Cornwall, England, UK.
It is located within Pisgah National Forest.
It is nicknamed Gateway to Lake Diefenbaker.
At one time the community was much larger than Saskatoon, however, it dropped in population when the railroad pulled out to go to other settlements.
Not to be confused with Kazan, a city in Russia.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Mount Richter".
The station prompted the construction of a new mixed-use development known as Midtown Commons.
The docks cover an area of 39 hectares and include the 25,000 tonne capacity Alexandra Grain Silo complex.
Lussier Hot Springs is a quaint and undeveloped hot spring just inside Whiteswan Lake Provincial Park in British Columbia, a province of Canada.
Beckett, a utilities man at McMurdo Station, 1963.
The feature was first seen and photographed from the air on November 23, 1935 by Lincoln Ellsworth, and was mapped from these photographs by W.L.G.
A single vessel operates throughout the year, with 10 departures from Balfour between 0630 and 2140, returning from Kootenay Bay between 0710 and 2220.
The population density of the district was 1,126 persons per sq.
Horsefly Lake is a lake in the eastern Cariboo region of the Central Interior of British Columbia, Canada.
It is located about two miles south of Padstow just to the east of Little Petherick Creek.
Mapped by United States Geological Survey from ground surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1959-66.
Mapped by United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1956-62.
Mapped by United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy aerial photographs 1961-68.
The deep, sheltered coves in the area provide an ideal environment for cod and other fish to flourish in numbers.
Recharted by DI in 1929 and named after Midshipman W. P. O'Connor, Royal Navy Reserve, who assisted with the survey.
It is now a privately owned holiday home.
Canadian Forces Station St. John's is a Canadian Forces Station located in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador.
Currently, the Sydport Industrial Park utilizes the base's former piers and land.
Doublefinger Peak is a peak about 4 nautical miles inland from Granite Harbour, just northeast of Mount Marston, in Victoria Land.
Grimes Glacier is a steep glacier descending from the east side of Anderson Massif, in the Heritage Range of the Ellsworth Mountains of Antarctica.
Connor Downs is a village in west Cornwall, England, United Kingdom, in the civil parish of Gwinear-Gwithian.
It was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee for Flight-Lieutenant Bertie J. Conchie, Royal Air Force, pilot with the British Antarctic Survey, 1969–75.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Station Nunatak".
She made 11 deployments to Antarctica, 1990–2001, the last 10 to South Pole Station where she wintered, 1993.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Rullman Peak".
Its capital and largest city is Ajdabiya.
The name Ferrar Glacier was originally applied both to the part of this glacier below its right turn and to the present Taylor Glacier.
The base was subjected to numerous bombing raids during the bombing of Darwin and suffered significant damage.
Vacchi Piedmont Glacier is a piedmont glacier between Shield Nunatak and Oscar Point on the Scott Coast, in Victoria Land.
Petites was a small place with 11 families near Rose Blanche, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
Margaret is also the only New Zealand woman to be awarded the Polar Medal.
The lifeboat service is a "Declared Facility" , this means that H.M. Coastguard regard it as being on a par with the RNLI.
The parish was formed in 1941 from the ecclesiastical parishes of Maker and Rame.
9, Saskatchewan, Canada, is one of the eighteen census divisions within the province, as defined by Statistics Canada.
Guise Beach is a hamlet in Saskatchewan.
Dingle Nunatak is a nunatak appearing within the main ice cap of Snow Hill Island, 2.8 kilometres south of Day Nunatak.
The nearest towns are Three Rock Cove and Cape St. George.
East Taphouse is a village in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Scallop Ridge".
The tiny island of Seghy stands a few metres off Cripp's Cove.
On land, it borders Jabal al Akhdar in the east, Al Wahat in south and Benghazi in the west.
It contains Wheal Coates tin mine, and Blue Hills, which is the only surviving tin production centre in the United Kingdom
Egress Peak is a peak rising to 1,690 metres 6 nautical miles east of Mount Albert Markham in the Churchill Mountains of Antarctica.
The name appears on a 1929 British Admiralty chart but probably was applied earlier by Norwegian whalers operating from South Georgia.
It is located in the Rural Municipality of Coteau No.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Mount Thornton".
Discovered by the Discovery expedition and named for Admiral Pelham Aldrich, who gave assistance to Scott in preparing the expedition.
Corbin is a settlement in Newfoundland and Labrador.
521 is a rural municipality in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan, located in the Census Division 18.
Oeschger Bluff is a flat-topped snow and rock bluff that projects from the southeast part of Mount Takahe in Marie Byrd Land.
Located on the quay between Fishguard railway station and the northern breakwater, the station is staffed by two crews and has around 30 members.
Lyell Glacier is a glacier flowing in a northerly direction to Harpon Bay at the southeast head of Cumberland West Bay, South Georgia.
Ramage Point is an ice-covered point lying just west of Beakley Glacier on the north side of Carney Island, along the coast of Marie Byrd Land.
In 1985, its personnel participated in the recovery of corpses from Air India Flight 182, the worst aviation disaster in Irish territory.
The ferry does not operate at times of high water.
The SSSI was designated in 1988 for its geological interest.
Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names in honor of Graeme Blick, Geodetic Survey Advisor, Office of the New Zealand Surveyor-General, 1996-2002.
The area has since been annexed by the city of Mesa.
Also a large part of Shahidan people are as refugees outside the country, especially in Iran and Pakistan.
He Comes, an Infant Stranger" was organist at the Methodist church from 1889 until his death in 1908.
It is situated on the A394 road approximately three miles west of Penryn .
It is a tributary of Clear Creek, within the Powder River watershed.
Truthan House is a house near St Erme in Cornwall, England, UK.
Rice, U.S. Navy, Supply and Fiscal Officer of Mobile Construction Battalion One on U.S. Navy Operation Deepfreeze 1962.
Chamberlin Rampart is a series of ice-covered bluffs midway along the west slope of the Darley Hills, in the Churchill Mountains.
In 1086 it contained 3 hides and there was land for 30 ploughs.
Brandenberger Bluff is a steep rock bluff, 1,650 metres high, at the extreme north side of Mount Berlin in the Flood Range, Marie Byrd Land.
Mount Woollard is a mountain nearly 240 km west of the Heritage Range, Ellsworth Mountains, in Antarctica.
Suchland Islands is a group of about 8 small islands lying just inside the central part of the mouth of Cranton Bay.
Kylemore is an organized hamlet in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan, located 12 km east of Wadena, and approximately 250 km east of Saskatoon.
Scoresby Point is a point forming the south side of the entrance to Williams Cove, Larsen Harbor, at the southeast end of South Georgia.
Teeters Nunatak is a nunatak standing 5 nautical miles north of Hodgson Nunatak in the Hudson Mountains, Antarctica.
Mapped by the United States Antarctic Service.
Odell, formerly of Otago University, New Zealand.
It soon deployed to the European Theater.
The National Trust owns land to the west and north of New Polzeath and this curtails further development.
Part of the park is a Local Nature Reserve.
It had a population of 124 in 2012.
Fyfe, chief geologist of the New Zealand Geological Survey.
Mapped by United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1960-63.
It is about one mile south of Delabole.
Penberth is a valley, coastal village and cove on the Penwith peninsula in Cornwall, England.
At the time the province of Newfoundland was one of the world leaders in hatchery technology and production.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Schwall Peak".
Mount Nordhill is a high, sharp-pointed peak between Steel Peak and Kosky Peak in the east ridge of the Welch Mountains, in Palmer Land.
Its summit is 2,015 metres above sea level.
Named after the Norvegia, the Norwegian research vessel which visited the island in February 1929.
The rural municipality maintains its office in Kipling, Saskatchewan.
The population of the civil parish at the 2011 census was 156.
He is said to have married a local girl and briefly settled in the harbor town of Bath around 1716.
Beneath the glacier lies the Ferrigno Rift, a rift valley some 1.5 km deep, 10 km wide, and at least 100 km long.
It stands just south of Mount Kohnen and Bowyer Butte.
It was named by the northern party of the New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition.
He blasted the foundation for the nuclear power plant at McMurdo Station during U.S. Navy Operation Deep Freeze, 1961.
The eastern part of the region is within the Northern Rockies Regional Municipality.
First View Point is a small point between Cape Roberts and Avalanche Bay in Granite Harbour, Victoria Land, Antarctica.
Praia do monte Clérigo is a beach within the Municipality of Aljezur, in the Algarve, Portugal.
It is located in the civil parish of St Wenn, 7 miles west of the town of Bodmin.
It was again activated as a training base by the United States Air Force with the outbreak of the Korean War in November 1950.
Navigation on the waterway is controlled by the Queen's Harbour Master for Plymouth.
Tripoli District is in the Tripolitania region of northwestern Libya.
Although it is but a short distance from Sant Antoni, it is in the municipality of Sant Josep de sa Talaia.
Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Commander James N. Schenck, USCG, Executive Officer of USCGC Staten Island during U.S. Navy Operation Deepfreeze, 1971.
It is home to the several training centers of the army, including the Sri Lanka Military Academy and has a detachment of the Gemunu Watch.
Townrow of the University of Tasmania, palaeobotanist with the expedition.
Koppa is a descriptive Finnish word meaning "basket with a lid on top."
Naval Forces Japan, Seventh Fleet and other operating forces assigned in the Western Pacific.
Ferrigno Ice Stream is an ice Stream more than 15 nautical miles long flowing into Eltanin Bay southwest of Wirth Peninsula, Antarctica.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Salient Glacier".
Great Yarmouth and Gorleston lifeboat station is a RNLI base in Norfolk, England.
The rural municipality maintains its office in Lajord, Saskatchewan.
Skjold is an army camp in the small village Øverbygd in the municipality of Målselv in Troms county, Norway.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Adams Glacier".
It was named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee, following a survey by the SGS, 1951–52, for Alfredo R.L.
Other mountains included are Goward Peak, Schenck Peak, Morrill Peak and Thuma Peak.
Schulthess Buttress is a broad ice-capped bluff between Ricker and Higgins Canyons on the north side of Buckeye Table, Ohio Range.
Spear, construction electrician, a member of the wintering party at Byrd Station in 1962.
Merry Meeting is a hamlet in the valley of the River Camel and in the parish of Blisland, Cornwall, England.
The parish church is dedicated to St Dominica and has two aisles.
The rural municipality maintains its office in Wilcox, Saskatchewan.
Modren Peak is the peak rising to 1900 m in Owen Ridge, the southernmost portion of the main ridge of Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica.
Post Ridge is a rock ridge, 3 nautical miles long and trending WNW-ESE, situated immediately northeast of Mount Swan in the Ford Ranges, Marie Byrd Land.
Part of Seaton Valley Countryside Park occupies the site of a derelict caravan park.
The names Sitka Bay and Buller Bay have both appeared for this feature on maps for many years.
The lower tidal reaches also hold Bass, Grey Mullet, and Flounder.
Main River is a river in Newfoundland, Canada, a very popular canoeing destination.
Giannini Peak is a peak 13 nautical miles east-southeast of Mount Nordhill in the eastern part of Palmer Land, Antarctica.
The Codroy Valley is a valley in the southwestern part of the island of Newfoundland in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador.
It was named so by the party because the feature presented a right angle profile facing west when viewed from Camp Minnesota.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Rainey Glacier".
It is polygenetic in nature, having erupted more than once throughout its eruptive history.
It gets its name from the traditional bags Aboriginals once used to carry fire-starting flints.
Golemani Peak is the peak rising to 2800 m in the Bangey Heights of north-central Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica.
Tucson International Airport is a public joint civil-military airport owned by the City of Tucson 8 mi south of downtown Tucson, in Pima County, Arizona.
Out of these plans came the first European habitation of Australia at Sydney Cove.
The vast majority of the region's population reside in the El Paso metropolitan area.
Princeton is a settlement in Newfoundland and Labrador.
Mapped by United States Geological Survey from aerial photographs taken by the U.S. Navy, 1966-69.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Woodberry Glacier".
Split between two sites on Birnbeck Pier and at Knightstone Harbour, it is operated by the Royal National Lifeboat Institution.
Because it is rat-free it is a breeding area for South Georgia pipits and burrowing petrels.
The name "Beacon Height West" was first used by the Discovery expedition.
The glacier is named after the settlement of Padala in Western Bulgaria.
Naval Base Kitsap also provides service, programs, and facilities to meet the needs of their hosted combat commands, tenant activities, ships' crews, and civilian employees.
It is part of the Town of Humber Arm South.
The Cascade Volcanoes are part of the Pacific Ring of Fire, the ring of volcanoes and associated mountains around the Pacific Ocean.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Procyon Peaks".
Mapped by United States Geological Survey in 1974.
The locality of Sheslay is located at its confluence with the river of that name.
292, Saskatchewan was first organised as a Local Improvement District named Wirral Improvement District in 1905.
Nadir Bluff is a bluff which forms a shoulderlike projection from the east side of Mount Feather in the Quartermain Mountains, Victoria Land.
Mount Harry is a mountain 14 nautical miles southeast of the FitzGerald Bluffs, Ellsworth Land, Antarctica.
Stewart Hills is a several small nunataks and snow hills rising above an otherwise featureless terrain, 50 nautical miles northeast of Ford Massif, Thiel Mountains.
St Abbs Lifeboat Station is an independent marine-rescue facility in St Abbs, Berwickshire, Scotland.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Zenker Ridge".
The area around the formation is home to an abundance of springs, waterholes, rock caves and ancient paintings.
Their interior is drained by Guerrero, Hough, Remington and Obelya Glaciers.
Dome Nunatak is a dome-shaped nunatak, 990 metres high, protruding above the Mackay Glacier, about 4 nautical miles northwest of Mount Suess, in Victoria Land.
The community was settled in the late 19th century.
On the steep, wet cliffs to the east, two other nationally scarce plant species Ivy Broomrape and Maidenhair Fern are found.
Trabucco Cliff is a cliff at the tip of the broad spur which forms the northeast extremity of Mount Rees in the Crary Mountains.
Photographed from the air by Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition on December 22, 1947.
It is situated approximately one mile south of St Breward and six miles east-northeast of Wadebridge in St Breward civil parish.
Named by US-ACAN for Conrad G. Merrick, USGS topographic engineer with the Antarctic Peninsula Traverse Party, 1961–1962, who participated in the survey of these mountains.
MacDonald Spur is a long, low ridge extending eastward from Ballance Peak in the Allan Hills of Oates Land in Antarctica.
The Firebag River is a river in northern Alberta and Saskatchewan, Canada.
Hudson Bay is often considered part of the Arctic Ocean.
In 1905, Romanian settlers, seeking free government land under the Dominion Lands Act, founded Kayville.
Access from the highway is provided by an ice road in the winter and by the Wollaston Barge Ferry in the summer.
Tilland is a hamlet in the parish of Quethiock, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
Discovered by the Swedish Antarctic Expedition under Nordenskjold, 1901-04.
Mount Maglione is a low mountain 1 nautical mile northeast of Mount Ekblaw in the Clark Mountains of Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.
Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Theodore J. Rosenberg, ionospheric physicist at Siple Station, 1970-71.
Jean de Baie is a small place near Marystown.
The station was originally called Milford Lifeboat Station until 1892 when it was officially changed after an RNLI Committee of Management meeting.
Mapped by United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy trimetrogon photography, 1958-60.
It was climbed in December 1957 by the Darwin Glacier Party of the Commonwealth Trans-Antarctic Expedition, and named for H.H.
It is 1.2 miles directly north of the village of Santa Agnès de Corona within the municipality of Sant Antoni de Portmany.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Williamson Ridge".
It was discovered in February 1911 by Lieutenant H.L.L.
The col is relatively level, 1.5 miles wide, and is easily identified from positions east and west of the range.
Part of the lake including the hamlet is located within the Lac La Ronge Provincial Park.
The Christian population of the Western half of the region was exterminated during the Armenian Genocide of 1915 and to a smaller scale the Assyrian Genocide.
The small community has a population of about 250
The population of Limerick is approximately 150.
Access by foot requires about 40 km of bush-whacking from the Yellowhead Highway near Lucerne Campground.
Foolsmate Glacier is a small, heavily crevassed tributary glacier flowing northeast to enter Priestley Glacier, 11 nautical miles west of Shafer Peak, in Victoria Land, Antarctica.
It is named after A. Carl Rester, astrophysicist, Institute for Astrophysics and Planetary Exploration, University of Florida.
Pound Cove, Newfoundland is located north of Wesleyville.
Burrows, Scientific Leader at Scott Base, 1964–65.
Gray is a hamlet in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.
The capital is the city of Sabha.
It is approximately 12 feet in height and is composed of columnar basalt of the Chilcotin Group.
Naval Support Force, Antarctica, winter detachment at McMurdo Station, 1976.
A military engagement prior to the battle was conducted at the Gettysburg Railroad trestle over Rock Creek, which was burned on June 27.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Siniff Bay".
The structure is a grade II* listed building.
Pastrogor Peak is the partly ice-free peak rising to 1480 m near the north end of Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica.
Gony is an old sailors' name for the wandering albatross, which breeds on Bird Island.
Calstock Rural District was a local government division of Cornwall in England, UK, between 1894 and 1934.
The exposed basement in northern Alberta is composed of banded gneissic rocks, predominantly 2.4–2.1 Ga metaplutonic gneissic rock, but it also contains amphibolitic gneiss and paragneiss.
As well, the municipality provides policing, fire protection and municipal governance for the rural district, with a reeve as its administrator.
Cotton Plateau is a snow-covered plateau just east of the mouth of Marsh Glacier, in the Queen Elizabeth Range.
Colter Canyon is located in Grand Teton National Park, in the U. S. state of Wyoming.
Surveyed by the SGS in the period 1951-57.
Milton Keynes Wind Farm is a wind farm located 2 miles east of Emberton in the District of Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire, UK.
Smith Ridge is a ridge 4 nautical miles long, lying 1 nautical mile west of Frazier Ridge in the Founders Peaks, Heritage Range.
It lies within the Pembrokeshire Coast National Park and is owned and maintained by the National Trust.
Prion Island is an island 2.4 km north-northeast of Luck Point, lying in the Bay of Isles, South Georgia.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Rogged Bay".
Penlee Lifeboat Station is the base for Royal National Lifeboat Institution search and rescue operations for Mount's Bay in Cornwall, United Kingdom.
Sostra Heights are the heights rising ro 2460 m at Mount Malone on the east side of northern Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica.
Hempstead Watermill is a disused watermill 1.7 miles south east of the town of Holt in the English county of Norfolk.
Thompson spent a winter there while mapping the region.
Eventually, the name became anglicised to Cape Norman.
The county was established in 1696 and was abolished in 1739.
The name was approved by the Newfoundland Geographical Names Board on July 29, 1982.
The new country house encompassed the old property entirely, and once completed it was given the name Attingham Hall.
All could be potentially affected by volcanic activity and great subduction-zone earthquakes along the arc.
Chang Peak is a snow-covered subsidiary peak, 2,920 metres high, on the northeastern slope of Mount Waesche, in the Executive Committee Range, Marie Byrd Land.
Tyson Wash is one of the larger eastern-bank dry washes that enter the Colorado River in western Arizona.
The average size of the household in the country was 6.9, while the average household size of non-Libyans being 3.7.
The name appears to be first used on a 1929 British Admiralty chart.
Two ferry vessels are used, the MV Osprey 2000 and the MV Balfour.
The parish is bounded by the sea to the east and south.
Mirabilite Pond is an alkali pond at a high elevation in the southern part of Antarctica's Hidden Valley, west of Koettlitz Glacier.
The Northern Cordilleran Volcanic Province is part of an area of intensive earthquake and volcanic activity around the Pacific Ocean called the Pacific Ring of Fire.
It is primarily a farming area and known for its landmark life-sized, weathervane horse statue atop a cliff, known locally at "The Look Out".
It was charted in 1930 by Discovery Investigations personnel on the Discovery II and named for Vice-Admiral Sir Percy Douglas, a member of the Discovery Committee.
Havola Escarpment is an isolated, snow-covered escarpment about 30 nautical miles northwest of the Thiel Mountains in Antarctica.
The cove was named "Caleta Oviedo" in 1979 after an Argentine sailor who died in the Antarctic.
Named by New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition, 1969–70, for Barry C. Waterhouse, a member of the geological party who worked here.
The Little Fort Ferry is a cable ferry across the North Thompson River in British Columbia, Canada.
Almost a third of Cornwall has AONB designation, with the same status and protection as a National Park.
Crane Valley is a hamlet in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.
It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Peter A. Schoeck, an auroral scientist at Little America V Station in 1957.
Walton and Frinton Lifeboat Station is an RNLI station located in the town of Walton-on-the-Naze in the English county of Essex.
The church was rebuilt in the 1980s.
The ice rise was first mapped from these photos by the USGS.
Mapped by United States Geological Survey from ground surveys and Navy air photos.
Trewindle is a hamlet west of West Taphouse, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
The peak is joined at its south side to an ice-covered spur which descends southwest from Mount Murphy, on Walgreen Coast, Marie Byrd Land.
There were 160 private dwellings with 42 occupied by usual residents.
Trelowia is a hamlet southeast of Widegates, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
Doodle Bugs Café has daily lunch specials and is open Monday to Friday 6am to 2pm
It is on the A387 road about two miles west of Hessenford.
Ching Chuan Kang Air Base is a Republic of China Air Force base located in Taichung, Taiwan.
Carnot is just to the south of the A30 road.
The glacier was surveyed in 1951-52 by the SGS.
It is situated 7 miles from Land's End and 7 miles from Penzance.
The monument is a contributing object in Central Troy Historic District.
Mohr's Beach is a hamlet in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.
Listed as a designated place by Statistics Canada, the hamlet had a population of 54 in the Canada 2006 Census.
The Bar Rocks are a group of low rocks which lie near the head of Husvik Harbor in Stromness Bay, South Georgia.
Henwood is on the edge of Bodmin Moor and situated between Stowe Hill and Notter Tor.
The Lizard Lifeboat Station can refer to several Royal National Lifeboat Institution lifeboat stations located on The Lizard in Cornwall, United Kingdom.
The area where Camp Fannin existed was returned to non-military use during 1946.
She explained: "I have lost my husband too, so you should also pity me" - hence Pityme Inn.
Mattis and his family lived in an area around Stephenville Crossing when they arrived in Newfoundland.
Carkeel is a hamlet north of Saltash in southeast Cornwall, England.
Spaniard's Bay is a natural bay off the island of Newfoundland in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Picnic Passage".
In recent years, the population kept on growing, and is one of the few fastest gowing municipalities in Saskatchewan.
Black Pudding Peak is an isolated black mountain located 2 nautical miles northwest of Mount Brøgger in the Prince Albert Mountains, Victoria Land.
Mikado is a hamlet in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.
It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Tech.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Pontes Ridge".
It is part of the larger Arabian Desert.
He named nearby Grace Glacier after his wife.
Oates Coast is that portion of the coast of Antarctica between Cape Hudson and Cape Williams.
The ground here is reddish in color with patches and streaks of sulphur, and strong sulphurous fumes have been noted by all visitors to this island.
Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Joseph T. Rucker, photographer with the Byrd Antarctic Expedition.
Wilson Harbour was named about 1912, probably for J. Innes Wilson, who sketched some of the inland portions of the island at about that time.
H-4 Air Base is a Royal Jordanian Air Force base located near Ruwaished in Mafraq Governorate, Jordan.
It is situated three miles east of Land's End.
Mount Byerly is a major peak in the eastern part of the Nash Hills, Marie Byrd Land.
Charted and named in 1930 by DI personnel on the Discovery II.
Treneere falls within the Penzance East Ward of Cornwall Council.
Touchdown Glacier is a tributary of Darwin Glacier, flowing south between Roadend Nunatak and the Brown Hills.
It is almost completely surrounded by the rural municipality of Touchwood No.
The feature rises to 1230 m and is pyramid shaped, especially when viewed from the west.
The north aisle was added to the existing church building in the 15th century.
The offices of the Regional District are located at Prince George.
Carloggas is a hamlet in the parish of Mawgan-in-Pydar, Cornwall, England.
It was named by the Southern Party of the New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition, 1962–63, in association with David Glacier.
Conway Range is a range in the Cook Mountains between Mulock Glacier and Carlyon Glacier.
Charted in 1930 and given this descriptive name by DI personnel on the Discovery II.
Simpson River, in Kootenay National Park, is a tributary of Vermilion River flowing through Simpson Valley.
Karasura Glacier is the 7.2 km long and 2.7 km wide glacier on the northeast side of Bastien Range in Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica.
The Southwest Arm is bordered by a number of small communities called outports.
It was named in association with Britannia by a University of Waikato geological party, 1978–79, led by M.J. Selby.
The community is served by the Takla Landing Water Aerodrome.
Since 2006, it has been split up and the two parts officially renamed as Woodbridge Airfield and Rock Barracks.
Waiparahoaka Mountain is a mountain with elevation 3608 m, located SW of Mount Huggins in Victoria Land, Antarctica.
The Denfeld Mountains are a group of scattered mountains between Crevasse Valley Glacier and Arthur Glacier in the Ford Ranges of Marie Byrd Land.
Campbell Crag is a rock peak rising to 1,918 metres at the south end of Testa Ridge on the north slope of Mount Morning, Scott Coast.
It is in Bonavista District and is situated on the Clarenville Branch of the Newfoundland Railway.
Bellingshausen Point is a headland marking the east side of the entrance to Sea Leopard Fjord in the Bay of Isles, South Georgia.
Walcott Peak is a large nunatak midway between Mount Jukkola and Lokey Peak in the south part of the Guthridge Nunataks, in central Palmer Land.
It is the westernmost border crossing in the state of North Dakota.
Bowers Piedmont Glacier is a piedmont glacier on the coast of Victoria Land, covering about 40 square miles and lying just south of New Harbour.
Privately owned, Fremont Island is the lake's third largest island after Stansbury Island and Antelope Island.
The name appears to be first used on a 1930 British Admiralty chart.
Leach Nunatak is a nunatak 4 nautical miles west-southwest of Mount Ronne in the Haines Mountains, Ford Ranges, Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.
There are three Cornish crosses and a cross base here.
Much of its extensive, ice-covered surface is from 1,000 to 1,500 m above sea level.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Vogel Peak".
Many people own cabins in the bay to temporarily live there.
Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Warren W. Reddick, Jr., construction electrician, U.S. Navy, at Byrd Station in 1967.
It is reached by North Dakota Highway 42 on the American side and Saskatchewan Highway 350 on the Canadian side.
West Bend is an unincorporated community in Saskatchewan.
This expectation has to be confirmed by monitoring subject to oversight by the CNSC.
Big Brook is a settlement in Newfoundland and Labrador.
The Nation Lakes are a series of four lakes in the Nation River system of the Omineca Country of the Central Interior of British Columbia, Canada.
Crain, a utilitiesman with the South Pole Station winter party in 1967.
Church of St. Margaret of Antioch, near Kopčany, Slovakia, is one of still standing churches for which the Greater Moravian origin is considered.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Odom Inlet".
The ferry crosses the South Saskatchewan River, linking the communities of Lancer with Eston and providing a connection between Highway 30 and Highway 32.
HMAS Melville was a naval base of the Royal Australia Navy at Darwin, Northern Territory, Australia.
Upshall Station is located south east of Swift Current.
It is also the southern continuation of the Thelon Magmatic Zone, an orogenic belt between the Slave and Churchill cratons.
Mercer, Royal Naval Reserve, captain of the DI research ship William Scoresby, which engaged in whale marking and oceanographic work off South Georgia in 1926–27.
Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Ronald C. Taylor, meteorologist at Little America V Station in 1957.
Mall Bay village currently has approximate population of 20 full-time residents.
Baltimore Lifeboat Station is situated in Baltimore, Ireland and was established in 1919.
Mount Hassage is a prominent isolated mountain, 1,120 metres high, located 12 nautical miles southwest of Mount Horne in Palmer Land, Antarctica.
Camp Fannin was a U.S. Army Infantry Replacement Training Center and prisoner-of-war camp located near Tyler, Texas.
Johnson Point is a point jutting into Jacobsen Bight dividing it into two bays, on the south coast of South Georgia.
Because of the large tidal range and extensive drying foreshore at Southend, the lifeboat station uses two boathouses.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Cape Russell".
It is situated at the end of Calenick Creek, which opens into the River Truro near Sunny Corner.
220 was originally formed December 13, 1909.
Mapped by United States Geological Survey from ground surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1961-67.
The base was closed by the Base Realignment and Closure 1993 commission at the end of the Cold War.
Tasch Peak is a rocky peak in the southeast portion of Mount Rees, in the Crary Mountains of Marie Byrd Land.
Today one of MCLB Albany’s most important facilities is the Marine Corps Logistics Command's Maintenance Center.
It is home to the 86th Infantry Brigade Combat Team.
From the 16th century the Rectors of St Stephen resided here so the church of St Michael came to be regarded as the mother church.
It was named by the British Antarctic Expedition.
Hash Island is an island lying in the entrance to Larsen Harbour, on the southeast coast of South Georgia.
Fulda is a community in Saskatchewan, Canada, located north of Humboldt on Highway 20.
Carragana is a hamlet in Porcupine Rural Municipality No.
Named after Lawrence Edward Brown, a geologist who was a member of the USGS field party which crossed this glacier, 1969-70.
Lobster Cove is a fishing village near Rocky Harbour, Newfoundland.
2 which are governed by the band.
It was discovered by Lincoln Ellsworth on his trans-Antarctic airplane flight during November–December 1935, and named by Ellsworth for his pilot, Herbert Hollick-Kenyon.
Mapped by USGS from surveys and U.S. Navy aerial photographs, 1947–59.
The last remaining grain elevator burned down in 1983.
The peak was mapped by United States Geological Survey in 1974.
This pass was used by a Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey survey party in December 1960 and provided a good sledge route.
It was roughly sketched by the British South Georgia Expedition, 1954–55, and named "Larvik Peak" from association with nearby Larvik.
The mountain was first seen and photographed from the air on November 23, 1935 by Lincoln Ellsworth, and was mapped from these photographs by W.L.G.
Brighton Beach is a beach lying between Zero Point and Adventure Point in Possession Bay, on the north coast of South Georgia.
The Regional District of Central Kootenay is a regional district in the province of British Columbia, Canada.
Almost a third of Cornwall has AONB designation, with the same status and protection as a National Park.
It is here that a 90° left-turn runs north into the Sandhills.
As well, the municipality provides policing, fire protection and municipal governance for the rural district, with a reeve as its administrator.
Ackerman Ridge is a prominent rock ridge forming the northwest extremity of the La Gorce Mountains of the Queen Maud Mountains.
The average family income for the area is $85,636  which is considerably higher than the city average.
In 1956 she tried a repair to the waterwheel by herself, and was trapped when it started to rotate.
Raspberry is notable as one of the few places in which traditional Doukhobor communal houses remain standing.
The name appears to be first used on a 1931 British Admiralty chart.
The Shakotan Peninsula in Shiribeshi, on the west coast of Hokkaidō, Japan, is a mountainous peninsula which projects some 30 kilometres into the Sea of Japan.
Salamander Point is the northern point of Bellingshausen Island, South Sandwich Islands.
On Fort McNair sits Grant Hall which is the location of the 1865 military tribunal of the conspirators of the Assassination of Abraham Lincoln.
The point marks the division of Eights Coast and Bryan Coast.
The peak is named after Midzhur Peak in western Balkan Mountains.
The bluff was mapped in detail by United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy aerial photography.
Port Talbot Lifeboat Station was opened in 1966 as an Inshore Lifeboat Station with a D-class lifeboat.
Narita International Airport is located in the center of the Shimōsa Plateau.
Mapped by United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1959-65.
It is part of Ellsworth Land and stretches between 103°24'W and 89°35'W.
Gargoyle Ridge is a high rock ridge forming the south end of the Cobham Range in the Churchill Mountains of Antarctica.
The highway passes through Deaf Smith, Oldham, Potter, Carson, Gray, Donley, and Wheeler Counties.
Gneiss Point is a rocky point 2 nautical miles north of Marble Point, on the coast of Victoria Land, Antarctica.
The meaning of Trewint is "windy farm", though Trewint, Blisland means "windy land".
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Reece Pass".
It is one of several major ice streams draining from Marie Byrd Land into the Ross Ice Shelf.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Müller Point".
Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for T.W.
It is a tributary of the River Inny joining it at Two Bridges.
Trenewan is a hamlet in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom, about a mile north of Lansallos.
The Cape is used by Department of Fisheries and Oceans as a demarcation point for fishery zones.
It previously held the status of village until February 26, 2003.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Mount Shattuck".
Its landforms, fauna and flora are all similar to the Great Sandy Desert.
Otago Spur is a small spur projecting northward from the Buckeye Table, west of Discovery Ridge, Ohio Range.
It was nicknamed "Rattlesnake Bomber Base" for the numerous rattlesnake dens that were uncovered during its construction.
There are plans to build a new settlement Baal & West Carclaze south of the village as part of the St Austell and Clay Country Eco-town.
Trenithon is a farm south of Summercourt, Cornwall, England, UK.
It flows northwest into an expansion of the Jennings River.
Woodberry Glacier is a small tributary glacier flowing south between Evans Heights and Mount Fearon to the north side of David Glacier, in Victoria Land.
Named in honor of M. G. Woodgyer, a member of the 1962 Cape Hallett winter-over team, working as a technician on the geomagnetic project.
Hornaday Rock is a rock lying in Bird Sound, 0.6 nautical miles west-southwest of Cape Alexandra at the west end of South Georgia.
The glacier was discovered and photographed from the air in December 1940 by members of East Base of the United States Antarctic Service.
The hamlet is located 27 km south of the Town of Wilkie on highway 657.
Descriptively named by the Southern Party of the New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition, 1962-63.
Cougar Canyon is a canyon near Kalamalka Lake Provincial Park, in the district municipality of Coldstream.
SLAF Hingurakgoda is situated in close proximity.
Calvadnack is a 130 acres area of heathland 3.7 miles south-east of Camborne in Cornwall, England, UK.
The valley's climate is semi-arid in character and lodgepole pine predominates below treeline.
East Central, Saskatchewan is a geographic region consisting of parkland, prairie, rolling hills and forest.
The canyon was formed by glaciers which retreated at the end of the last glacial maximum approximately 15,000 years ago, leaving behind a U-shaped valley.
The British gained Placentia during the Treaty of Utrecht in 1713.
US Army Garrison Okinawa is a United States Army facility located in Yomitan, Okinawa Prefecture, Japan.
Upton Dyke runs westerly from the River Bure in the civil parish of Upton with Fishley .
Okla is a hamlet in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.
Preceded by a 4 p.m. artillery barrage from Benner Hill, the demonstration's infantry attack commenced with Johnson's Assault on Culp's Hill.
Treath is a hamlet east of Helford, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
Together with Smith Sound it makes a continuous channel which is the longest inshore waterway in the province at approximately 44 miles.
Reid Bluff is a bluff rising to 2040 m, at the head of Donnally Glacier, Churchill Mountains.
FOB Delhi in Afghanistan is a military expeditionary base occupied by the United States Marine Corps.
The Bunce family has mined the area for jade for about 40 years, starting with Claudia Bunce's father, Steve Simonovic.
Morris, U.S. Navy Reserve, who served aboard the USS Glacier along this coast in 1961–62.
Joss Pass, 1345 m, is a mountain pass in the central Monashee Mountains of the Southern Interior of British Columbia, Canada.
It was charted in 1940 by the United States Antarctic Service and erroneously called Cape Rymill at that time.
Named by United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee after the star Procyon in the constellation of Canis Minor.
It is thought to have last erupted in the Holocene epoch.
It was observed and photographed from the air by the U.S. Antarctic Service, 1939–41, and was mapped as the prominent northwestern peak of the island.
Mandarich Massif is a rugged Y-shaped massif which rises to 1,860 metres on the south side of Byrd Glacier in Antarctica.
An alpine trail along the Yukness Ledges connects Lake Oesa to nearby Opabin Lake.
Named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee after Bryan C. Storey, British Antarctic Survey geologist, 1974-79, who worked in the area, 1976-78.
The name "Kegel-Berg" was given for this feature by the German group of the International Polar Year Investigations, 1882-83.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Waterhouse Spur".
The present-day Chippewa County International Airport, Kinross Correctional Facility, and the community of Kincheloe are located on the site of the base.
had a population of 514 and Yellowquill had a population of 420.
The rural municipality in conjunction with the provincial government is in charge of maintenance of highways in its area.
"Fontas River...drains a large extent of country, roughly 3600 square miles.
The Tamar-class lifeboat is called Haydn Miller, after the farmer who left £3m to the RNLI in his will.
Jabal al Gharbi is one of the districts of Libya.
The crossing is about 100 metres in length, and takes 5 minutes.
The South West Coast Path follows the west flank of the hill with an alternative route passing to the east.
Its highest summit is Tsuius Mountain, 2487 m prominence: 1142 m.
The park also has red pandas, otters, various farm animals and red squirrels.
Ross Glacier which is nearby is retreating, and leaving a gravel beach in its wake.
It is half a mile northwest of Michaelstow.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Tyrrell Glacier".
First observed from aircraft by the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition, 1947-48.
Bacon Cove is a fishing and farming settlement in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador.
The feature has appeared on charts since the 1930s.
It rises at the north side of El-Sayed Glacier, 8 nautical miles southwest of Mount Shirley, in Marie Byrd Land.
Klinkit Lake Peak is a tuya in northwestern British Columbia, Canada, located near Klinkit Lake.
Broken Bay has its origin at the confluence of the Hawkesbury River, Pittwater, and Brisbane Water and flows openly into the Tasman Sea.
The hills are located between the heads of Darwin Glacier and Hatherton Glacier.
The name appears to have been first used by the British Antarctic Expedition and derives from Tripp Island which lies within the bay.
The name appears to be first used on a 1931 British Admiralty chart.
Predating European settlement were the First Nation peoples; the Cree and Saulteaux.
Coney Bay is a natural bay on the island of Newfoundland in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
A symbol of the god Shiva, it is the most revered peak in the group.
The rural municipality was established on 1910.
Cape Cove is a settlement in Newfoundland and Labrador located on Fogo island.
Tumamoc Hill is a butte located immediately west of "A" Mountain and downtown Tucson, Arizona.
Discovered by USN Squadron VX-6 on photographic flights of December 14-December 15, 1959, and mapped by United States Geological Survey from these photos.
It is located 13.07 km west-northwest of Batil Spur, the south extremity of Flowers Hills.
Halls Town small place with no location listed in the unpublished manuscript.
Some of the towns of the comarca have been officially declared Conjunto Histórico-Artístico owing to their cultural and architectural value.
Windwhistle Peak is a square sandstone peak south of Punchbowl Cirque in the Allan Hills, Oates Land.
Harvey Cirque is a cirque containing a small glacier between Scheuermann Spur and Corell Cirque in the southern part of the Darwin Mountains of Antarctica.
Carl Passage is a narrow channel 0.2 nautical miles long, joining Elephant Lagoon to Cook Bay along the north coast of South Georgia.
Augmented by the waters of McGillivray Creek, Lost Valley Creek and others, its flow becomes the Seton River from the foot of Anderson Lake onwards.
3 is a rural municipality in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.
Eclipse Glacier is a glacier flowing southwest into the northern part of Jacobsen Bight on the south coast of South Georgia.
Polbathick Lake is within the Lynher Estuary SSSI.
It was named by the UK Antarctic Place-names Committee for Eric M.P.
Rubble Glacier is an ice filled valley in the Palmer Land region of the Antarctic Peninsula.
Eastern point, the extreme of a narrow promontory rising to a wooded cone, 390 feet high.
Menster Ledge is a relatively level benchlike feature which rises to 1,800 metres 6 nautical miles southwest of Mount Olympus in Hughes Basin, Britannia Range, Antarctica.
The point was first seen and photographed from the air on November 23, 1935, by Lincoln Ellsworth, and was mapped from these photographs by W.L.G.
Sachigo Lake is policed by the Nishnawbe-Aski Police Service, an Aboriginal-based service.
The name Carlea was created from the first few letters of the names of two rivers that meet nearby, the Carrot and the Leather.
It has facilities such as a park and skatepark near its shore, with a trail around its shore.
Cave Point is a headland lying 0.5 nautical miles southwest of Barff Point on the east side of Cumberland East Bay, South Georgia.
Ueda Glacier is a large glacier flowing eastward along the south side of the Scaife Mountains to enter Hansen Inlet near the base of Antarctic Peninsula.
Sphagnum Valley is a valley sloping northwest from Echo Pass to Cumberland West Bay, South Georgia.
Brandau Crater is an ice-free volcanic crater lying to the south of the snout of Howchin Glacier on Chancellor Ridge, Royal Society Range.
Tresawle is a hamlet east of Tresillian, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
Dunbar Ridge is a narrow ridge, 10 nautical miles long, which separates the upper reaches of Balish Glacier and Schneider Glacier in the Heritage Range.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Porter Hills".
Peaks near Mount Austin include: Mount Wood, Mount Robertson, Mount Owen, Mount Nash, Mount Tricorn, and Arctowski peak.
Willowbrook is a special service area in the Rural Municipality of Orkney No.
The population in 1991 was 135, in 1996 decreased to only 117.
Goonbell itself had a halt on the same line.
Wilson Piedmont Glacier is a large piedmont glacier extending from Granite Harbour to Marble Point on the coast of Victoria Land.
It was closed for all military use in 1968.
Bridge Lake and others in this area are part of a region known as the Interlakes or Interlakes District.
Brown's Arm is a settlement in Newfoundland and Labrador.
In 2006, the Texas A&M College of Architecture completed an 8,000-square-foot Built Environment Teaching and Research Facility also known as Architecture Ranch.
To the east, it borders Egypt's Matruh Governorate, along with a small border on the Al Wadi al Jadid Governorate in the far southeast.
It honors those from Rensselaer County who served in the Revolutionary War, the War of 1812 and the American Civil War.
Mapped by United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1959-65.
Douglas Glacier is a glacier that flows east-northeast through the central Werner Mountains in Palmer Land.
McDames Creek 2 is a Statistics Canada census designation for what is properly known as McDames Creek Indian Reserve No.
The Klappan River is a major tributary of the Stikine River in northwestern British Columbia, Canada.
376 is a rural municipality in Saskatchewan, Canada, located west of the city of Saskatoon.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Mount Windle".
Castle Dome is noteworthy for its recreational use for day hiking.
As of 2011, the area is home to 16,730 residents.
Cape Archer is a cape which marks the north side of the entrance to Granite Harbour on the coast of Victoria Land.
Wells Glacier is a glacier 9 nautical miles west of Cape Brooks, flowing north into New Bedford Inlet in Palmer Land.
The headland of Cape Anguille is the most western point of land of the island of Newfoundland.
The McLaughlin Cliffs are abrupt rock cliffs that overlook George VI Sound between Armstrong Glacier and Conchie Glacier, in western Palmer Land, Antarctica.
Maturity is reached in five to eight months, and its life span is roughly 2.5 years.
By 1956 it had a population of 136.
Mapped by United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1959-69.
It was first roughly mapped by the British Antarctic Expedition, 1907–09.
Pa Tio Tio Gap is a glacier-filled gap at 1,000 m. It trends east-west between Robertson Massif and Endeavour Massif in Kirkwood Range, Victoria Land, Antarctica.
In chapter 8 they are described as follows:
The community was largely abandoned following the loss of the schooner Omega which took the lives of many of the men of the community.
The Simpson Desert is a large area of dry, red sandy plain and dunes in Northern Territory, South Australia and Queensland in central Australia.
Nattriss Head is a small but prominent rock headland marking the south side of the entrance to Drygalski Fjord on the southeast coast of South Georgia.
Named by US-ACAN for Schmitt, marine biologist, Honorary Research Associate of the Smithsonian Institution.
In 1508, the parish, including the cleared settlement of Althorp, was sold to John Spencer of Wormleighton in Warwickshire.
The feature was named "Sarg-Berg" by the German group of the International Polar Year Expedition, 1882–83.
Lamb Point is a low, ice-covered point forming the south side of the entrance to Howkins Inlet, on the east coast of Palmer Land, Antarctica.
Scorpio Peaks is a conspicuous massif with two high conical peaks dominating its western end and with a ridge of lower peaks extending eastward.
Cape Musselman is a cape forming the south side of the entrance to Palmer lnlet, on the east coast of Palmer Land.
The ferry has a length of 17 metres, a width of 6.7 metres, and a weight limit of 33.6 tonnes.
The population of Spirity Cove and Kings Cove combined peaked at 96 in 1935.
Quantock is an unincorporated area of Saskatchewan, Canada.
Barachois Brook is a Canadian community in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador.
Taylor Beach is a hamlet in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.
It rises from a snow divide with Benson Glacier to the northeast.
The rural municipality maintains its office in Corning, Saskatchewan.
Two days later Timothy H. O'Sullivan photographed corpses moved for burial to the edge of Rose Woods and which were subsequently reinterred in cemeteries.
It is reached from the south via Montana State Highway 241 and from the north via Saskatchewan Highway 37.
The cliffs between Carrack Gladden headland and Hawks Point to the east are of metamorphosed Devonian slates and rise to 60 metres high.
281 is a rural municipality located in southcentral Saskatchewan, Canada, adjacent to Last Mountain Lake.
Hay Wharf or Haywharf is a naval base in Marsamxett Harbour, in the town of Floriana, Malta.
Landing Zone Schueller is a former U.S. Army base west of An Khê District in central Vietnam.
Devick Lake is a lake near Heffley Creek, British Columbia.
First explored and given this descriptive name by the Northern Party of the British Antarctic Expedition, 1910-13.
Cala Bassa is a beach the north western seaboard of the Spanish island of Ibiza.
Moose Jaw is 14 kilometres south and Buffalo Pound Lake is 16 kilometres north.
Studies on the ecology of the Chittenango ovate amber snail are fairly recent.
The NCA is located in northwest Nevada, and was established by legislation in 2000.
It was opened in 1943 and only operated for four years, before closing in 1946.
Before 1938, there was a blacksmith in the building now known as "The Old Smithy".
A. L. Rowse the historian lived in his retirement in Trenarren House.
Treneere Manor was originally one of the bartons of the Manor of Alverton.
There are a couple of tourism attractions, as do many fishing communities.
The lifeboat service has saved many lives over the past 150 years.
Wild Knoll is the peak rising to 2370 m in the central portion of Bastien Range in Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica.
It is in along the Helmand River Valley in Nawa-I-Barakzayi District, Helmand Province.
Calderbank is a hamlet in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan located in Morse No.
The valley was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1990.
A loud explosive boom was heard by members of a New Zealand Geological Survey field party working in the area on 3 December 1977.
It was charted in 1930 by DI personnel on the Discovery II and named for Scottish geologist and polar explorer James M. Wordie.
The name appears on a chart based on surveys by DI personnel during 1925-30, but was probably applied earlier by Norwegian whalers operating from South Georgia.
It is part of the Town of Twillingate.
By April 2009 it had done so, vanishing completely.
The Marty Nunataks are a group comprising about six nunataks in the western part of the Britannia Range, Antarctica.
The main street in New Polzeath is Atlantic Terrace which faces across the bay.
However, by 2012 it was reported that reactivation plans, although delayed, had not commenced.
501 at the intersection of Highway 17 and Alberta Highway 641/Saskatchewan Highway 797.
Gondola Ridge is a high rocky ridge just south of Mackay Glacier, extending northeast from Mount Suess for about 4 nautical miles in Victoria Land, Antarctica.
Children from the area attend school in Fillmore, 13 km away.
Mornick is a hamlet in the parish of South Hill, Cornwall, England.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Mount Woollard".
It is also the administrative headquarters of the Piapot Cree First Nation band government.
By 1577, the land in the parish had been divided into four large sheep pastures.
The trailhead for the canyon is on the Moose–Wilson Road about 2 miles north of Teton Village.
Penwartha Coombe is a hamlet south of Perranporth, Cornwall, England.
Voy's Beach is a settlement located northwest of Corner Brook.
The area was a favourite holiday location of Margaret Thatcher during her premiership and also of former Prime Minister David Cameron.
The crossing is about 150 metres in length, and takes 5–7 minutes.
Isca Valley is a narrow ice-free valley lying next west of Ituna Valley and 2 miles east-northeast of Haven Mountain in the Britannia Range, Antarctica.
It operates two inshore lifeboats, a B Class rigid-inflatable boat and an inflatable D Class.
Just prior to the junction with the Muddy River, the wash flows from Lincoln County into northeastern Clark County.
The only communities located in this rather large bay are Main Brook and Goose Cove.
The southern boundary of the RM is the United States border with Daniels County and Sheridan County, both in Montana.
Parrish Peak is a very pointed, partly snow-topped peak, 1,775 m, surmounting the ridge next south of Seal Glacier in the Enterprise Hills, Heritage Range.
Suncor has an SAGD project in production, extracting bitumen from the oil sands of the McMurray Formation located in the river basin.
According to records, Moses and Honor Spurrell, along with their children, were the first to settle in the little community.
Located off U.S. Route 17 about 10 miles south of Camp Lejeune, it shares the main gate of Marine Corps Air Station New River.
Bonne Bay has a population of about 7000 people.
The facility was designed to hold one million books and eliminate redundancy in the collections of the two university systems.
For the river in Idaho, United States, see Pack River.
The individual ridges are 1 to 2 miles long and project northward from the higher main ridge.
Together with Patton and Pulpudeva Glaciers, it enters Ellen Glacier northwest of Mamarchev Peak and southeast of Mount Jumper.
The Echelmeyer Ice Stream, formerly known as Ice Stream F, is a glaciological feature of the West Antarctic Ice Sheet.
In the Domesday Book of 1086 Truthwall was held by the church of St. Michael i.e.
Mapped by United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1960-64.
To the west, Maker-with-Rame is bounded by Millbrook civil parish.
It included the largest grain elevator in the world at the time.
Foxtail Peak is a peak, 455 metres high, on the north side of Neumayer Glacier, 2 nautical miles west of Carlita Bay, South Georgia.
The ferry has a length of 17 metres, a width of 5.8 metres, and a weight limit of 29.5 tonnes.
The name was applied by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names in association with the name "Heritage Range".
Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for geologist Richard B. Waitt, a member of the USGS geological and mapping party to the Lassiter Coast, 1972-73.
The pinnacles are within a rectangle about 1 nm north-south and 0.5 nm west-east.
The area around Spruce Lake was first settled in 1910.
It was surveyed by the South Georgia Survey in the period 1951-57.
The area is a subregion of the Cariboo and includes the communities of Bridge Lake and Lac des Roches.
It had village status prior to December 31, 2005.
It had a population of 198 in the Canada 2006 Census.
During the 19th century it was described as being like "a thousand voices pent up in misery, with one long wail dying away in the distance".
The biggest attraction to the town is the Valley View Hotel which features and infamous Thursday Wing Night.
Pontrilas, Saskatchewan was a Canadian town that no longer exists.
The station operates a D-class inshore lifeboat, launched by tractor and trailer.
The northern boundary of the beach is bordered by the Ribeira da Granja.
Spangler Woods is a Gettysburg Battlefield location used during the Battle of Gettysburg and is near the Virginia Monument.
Metherell is a village in east Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
305 is a rural municipality in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan, located in the Census Division 9.
Whitmer, U.S. Navy, who wintered over at Williams Field, McMurdo Sound, in 1956.
First roughly mapped by United States Geological Survey from air photos obtained by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump in January 1947.
Its historical mile designation is Mile 620.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Aeolus, Mount".
The name dates back to at least 1912 and was probably given by whalers who frequented this coast.
Monkman Pass and Monkman Falls are part of Monkman Provincial Park.
It was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee after Anthony G. Davies of FIDS, who was Medical Officer at Horseshoe Island and Stonington Island, 1960.
The rural municipality maintains its office in Radville, Saskatchewan.
The name appears on a chart by J. Innes Wilson in 1912.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Pollux Rock".
Kennett Ridge is a rocky ridge, 6 nautical miles long, which descends eastward from the northeast end of Midnight Plateau in the Darwin Mountains of Antarctica.
Vault Beach faces southeast onto the English Channel and lies between Cadythew Rocks in the north and Dodman Point at the southern end.
Joke Cove is a small cove lying west of The Knob in Elsehul, near the west end of South Georgia.
Pikes Arm is a fishing community located on New World Island in Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
The river is about 48 kilometres long.
The Gold Range is a subrange of the Monashee Mountains in the southern British Columbia Interior.
The feature is named after the settlement of Podgore in northwestern Bulgaria.
The settlement was originally known as Peterborough and was founded in 1886.
Since 1912 it has become established for the northernmost point of the island, which is in keeping with the geographical position implied by the name.
It is in the Tamar valley next to Greystone Bridge.
John Spargo, the American socialist, was born in Longdowns.
The current lifeboat is the Severn class David and Elizabeth Acland.
Listed as a designated place by Statistics Canada, the hamlet had a population of 35 in the Canada 2006 Census.
Glandford watermill is situated on the River Glaven a little north of the village of Glandford within the English county of Norfolk.
The Middle School serves 7th and 8th grades.
Ranvika is a cove indenting the east coast of Peter I Island near the northeast corner of the island.
Named by the Darwin Glacier Party of the Commonwealth Trans-Antarctic Expedition, 1956-58.
The garden is also the home of the Penjerrick and Barclayi hybrid rhododendrons.
The canyon was formed by glaciers which retreated at the end of the last glacial maximum approximately 15,000 years ago.
Pigeon Cove was a small settlement of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada, located southeast of Anchor Point.
The value of the manor was £1-5s.
95 is a rural municipality in south-eastern Saskatchewan, Canada encompassing 790.13 square kilometers in area.
Treviskey is a hamlet in the parish of Veryan, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
It was Humphrey Littleton who told the authorities that Edward Oldcorne was hiding here after he had been heard saying Mass at Hindlip Hall.
Per the census of 2012, the total population in the region was 157,747 with 150,353 Libyans.
Nevertheless, the volcanic arc poses a threat to the surrounding region.
First roughly surveyed in 1936 by the British Graham Land Expedition under Rymill, and resurveyed by the Falklands Islands Dependencies Survey in 1948.
The Gravels is a settlement located south of Port au Port, Newfoundland and Labrador.
Bamiayn and Shahidan were razed by the Taliban as they fled the region in late 2001 and earlier.
Clarendon moved itself after it was overlooked by the Fort Worth and Denver Railroad.
Rebholz Nunatak is an isolated nunatak just north of the Hudson Mountains, located 8 nautical miles north-northwest of Teeters Nunatak.
It had a population of 31 in the Canada 2006 Census.
It was discovered in 1929 by the Byrd Antarctic Expedition, and named by Richard E. Byrd for Paul Block, newspaper publisher and patron of the expedition.
In Texas, the escarpment stretches around 200 mi south-southwest from the northeast corner of the Texas Panhandle near the Oklahoma border.
A Norwegian expedition under Eyvind Tofte circumnavigated Peter I Island in the Odd I in 1927.
It is located just east of Joss Mountain, which is the northernmost peak of the Sawtooths.
It is a short distance, 13 km west from Birch Hills, Saskatchewan.
The peak is named after the medieval fortress of Batil in Western Bulgaria.
Major lakes in the group are Babine Lake, Francois Lake, Ootsa Lake, Trembleur Lake, Takla Lake and Stuart Lake.
The outbreak, along with poor government services and the depletion of fuel supplies, forced the residents to abandon the town in 1965.
The peak was named for Philip T. Hayes, a USGS geologist in the McMurdo Sound dry valley area during 1958–59.
At the time of his death he was on leave to the National Science Foundation.
It was named by the New Zealand Geographic Board in 1994 after Sarah Atholl, an early New Zealand botanist with an interest in lichens.
Jufra was originally one of the 25 baladiya in the administrative system of Libya established in 1988.
The village straddles the old course of the A30 road but has now been bypassed and the new road passes to the north.
Here the strong currents from Hudson Bay and the Hudson Strait clash, sometimes even crushing trapped animals between the ice floes.
Residents of the area also maintain the Erwood Cemetery that exists approximately 1.5 miles from the hamlet.
The peak is named after the Thracian fortress of Bergison in Southern Bulgaria.
The Hall was designated as a potential home for the war cabinet in 1940.
Framnaes Point is a point 1 mile southwest of Cape Saunders, on the north side of Stromness Bay, South Georgia.
It was later photographed from the air by Lincoln Ellsworth in 1935, and by the United States Antarctic Service in 1940.
Over the years, numerous famous horses and jockeys appeared at the track.
Debren Pass separates it from the side ridge descending via Evans Peak.
Treator is a hamlet west of Padstow, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
Rumbolds Point is a point which marks the east side of the entrance to Doubtful Bay at the southeast end of South Georgia.
Mapped by United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1960-63.
Gloweth is a housing estate west of Treliske on the western outskirts of Truro in Cornwall, England.
It was named after sedimentary features, called turbidites, which were reportedly found in sedimentary rocks of the Beacon Supergroup that comprise the summit of this hill.
The name was formed from "Dunphy's Village" a part of Northeast Placentia.
Fairy Glen is also an online store that sells fairy, and fantasy products in the US.
The group was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for William R. Morgan, a cook at Eights Station in 1965.
The Post Office was established in 1951 on May 25.
In 2007 the U.S. federal government announced that the Inland Area of the Naval station would be closed.
Wheeler, British zoologist and member of the scientific staff of the Discovery Investigations Marine Station, Grytviken, South Georgia, 1925–27 and 1929-30.
It contained an iron works forge, sail makers shop, carpenter shop, bakery, bunk houses and a farm.
Zuncich Hill is a broad, ice-covered hill rising between the heads of Siemiatkowski Glacier and El-Sayed Glacier in Marie Byrd Land.
Scott's British National Antarctic Expedition, 1901–04, received Royal Navy officer training in HMS Britannia, then berthed at Dartmouth.
Named by the New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition, 1963–64, presumably because of its forward position in the group.
The beach is on the northern seaboard of the Spanish island of Ibiza.
It is part of the Town of St. Jacques – Coomb's Cove.
However, the $3.8 million total does not include any pending or future settlement amounts.
It overlooks lower Kirkpatrick Glacier from the north in Marie Byrd Land.
Marine Corps Base Camp Smedley D. Butler is a United States Marine Corps base located in the Japanese prefecture of Okinawa.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Mount Reynolds".
In 2012 Port d’es Torrent is one of the 12 blue flag beaches on the island.
Windsor is a hamlet in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
Berisad Glacier is a 4.5-kilometre-long, 1.5-kilometre-wide glacier in Veregava Ridge, central Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica.
St Davids Lifeboat Station is a Royal National Lifeboat Institution station.
Prior to the European immigration, both the Shuswap and Chilcotin First Nations were active in the area.
Buromskiy, who died in Antarctica in 1957.
It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Bernard D. Weiss, Meteorologist-in-Charge at Byrd Station, 1959.
The population density of the district was 1.86 persons per sq.
The inscription can be read as 'Aelnat fecit hanc crucem pro anima sua': the name of this man is Saxon.
The trail passes to the southwest of the summit, which can be reached by various herd paths.
Purvis Glacier is a glacier flowing generally northeast into the west side of Possession Bay, on the north coast of South Georgia.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Tvistein Pillars".
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Sore Thumb".
Narborough Bone Mill was a watermill that operated on the River Nar in the west of the English county of Norfolk.
It forms part of St Levan civil parish.
Eastern Point was a small place near Burgeo, Newfoundland and Labrador.
Mount Rex is an isolated mountain which rises above the interior ice surface of Palmer Land about 55 miles south-southeast of FitzGerald Bluffs.
The Shag Islands lie to the east and the larger Bear Island to the northwest.
It overlooks Kornicker Glacier to the northeast and Sirma Glacier to the west.
It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for F.S.
Birsay, Saskatchewan is an unincorporated community in southern Saskatchewan, Canada.
Kingsgate is a port of entry in southeastern British Columbia, just north of the Canada–US border at Eastport, Idaho.
It was first mapped in 1882-83 by the German group of the International Polar Year Investigations who referred to it as "Gletscher-Joch".
Coppett grew steadily untile the 1930s and at its peak had a school and two lobster factories.
Trekenning is a hamlet south of St Columb Major, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
The ferry has a length of 17 metres, a width of 6.7 metres, and a weight limit of 33.6 tonnes.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "O'Kane Canyon".
Milcombe is a hamlet in the parish of Pelynt in Cornwall, England.
Hedley is an unincorporated town in southern British Columbia, Canada, named after Robert R. Hedley, the manager of the Hall Smelter in Nelson.
Vertigo Cliffs is a spectacular, near vertical cliffs on the north coast of Vega Island.
Flat Islands is a settlement in Newfoundland and Labrador.
Lighthouse Bay is a small bay between Cape Crewe and Point Abrahamsen, forming the northern arm of Cook Bay along the north coast of South Georgia.
The desert covers the districts of Bhakkar, Khushab, Mianwali, Layyah, Muzaffargarh as well as Jhang, from the left bank of the river Jhelum.
Harbord Glacier is a glacier in Antarctica, flowing along the south side of Mount George Murray.
It was named by the New Zealand Geographic Board in association with Chancellor Lakes near the east end of the ridge.
These close-knit commands form a diverse and highly technical hub of naval activity.
Marston Glacier is a glacier in Antarctica, draining eastward from Mount Marston and Doublefinger Peak and entering Granite Harbour between Dreikanter Head and the Kar Plateau.
The Masonic Hall, Sheringham was built in 1914 to house the Electric Picture Palace.
It was charted in 1930 by Discovery Investigations personnel on the Discovery II, and probably so named because a conspicuous height of land overlooks the point.
Camp Geiger is a United States Marine Corps base.
The name Rotunda Glacier was used for this feature in the report "Tephra in Glacier Ice" by J.R. Keys, P.W.
In September 2015, the 2,000-acre tract was transferred to The Texas A&M System.
Named by the University of Minnesota geological parties to the Ellsworth Mountains for Jerry O'Neal, aerographer with these parties in 1963-64 and 1964-65.
It was named by the Norwegian expedition under Olaf Holtedahl, 1927–28, probably for Jens Esmark, professor of mineralogy at the University of Kristiania, Norway.
Hessler Peak is a sharp peak, 1,670 metres high, at the south end of Dunbar Ridge in the Heritage Range in Antarctica.
It was named by the British Antarctic Expedition, 1910–13, presumably for British geographer A.J.
Alticane was established in 1928 on the new Canadian National Railway branch line that ran between Speers and Mayfair.
Activity ranges from the early Pleistocene until historical times.
Harp Glacier is a tributary glacier flowing south from the glacial col west of Harp Hill into Commonwealth Glacier, Taylor Valley, in Victoria Land, Antarctica.
Measured along the Lualaba, the Congo River has a total length of 4,370 km.
The residents of Sound Island moved without government assistance during a period around 1953.
It was named for J. Arthurson, helicopter pilot with ANARE on the MV Magga Dan in 1961.
Appledore Lifeboat Station is the base for Royal National Lifeboat Institution search and rescue operations at Appledore, Devon in the United Kingdom.
He was Vice President, 1833–37, during the second term of President Andrew Jackson.
These have altered the trachyte at their margins to various shades of brown, hence the name of the ridge.
It was discovered by the Swedish Antarctic Expedition, 1901–04, under Otto Nordenskjold.
It lies along the B3306 road which connects St Ives to the A30 road.
Mulatto Mountain is the 574th highest mountain in the state of North Carolina.
It covers an area of 49,000 square kilometres.
Cape Paryadin is a headland which forms the southernmost point of the west tip of South Georgia.
Breakwater Rocks are a group of rocks extending across the south part of the entrance to Boat Harbour in Jason Harbour, South Georgia.
The vessel is now a hulk lying in King Edward Cove.
Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for C.E.
Cape Best is a cape which marks the west side of the entrance to Fortuna Bay on the north coast of South Georgia.
New Mill lies within the Cornwall Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.
Mapped by United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1959-61.
Woody Island is a settlement in Placentia, Newfoundland and Labrador.
This area was mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy photography.
Later work determined that the sketches were made from the north rim, but the name Artist Point stuck.
They are represented by deep-level plumbing systems consisting of giant dike swarms, sill provinces and layered intrusions.
The original plan for Apollo was for direct ascent, similar to Lunex.
It is approximately 500 metres eastsoutheast of the St. Anthony's Lighthouse on St Anthony Head.
Tregirls beach is 500 metres north at grid reference SW 911 769.
Discovered by the Discovery expedition, 1901–04, led by Scott, and named by him after Admiral Thaddeus Bellingshausen, leader of the Russian expedition of 1819-21.
Photographed from the air by Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition on December 22, 1947.
It has a chancel and nave, a south transept and a bell turret containing one bell.
Halls Town was a village south west of Bay Roberts.
It is located off Route 605 in Nawa-I-Barakzayi District of Helmand Province.
The bay takes its name from the village of Cawsand at grid reference SX 434 503, to the north-east of the Rame Peninsula.
It is located within the Town of Cupids.
Mount Fraser is a mountain, 1,610 metres high, standing on the south coast of South Georgia immediately north of Novosilski Bay.
Other family names that came to Victoria Cove in the 19th century, mostly from Fogo and Change Islands, were:
As a result, by the beginning of the 20th century, Bornholm had become Denmark's most forested region.
The Onion Lake Cree Nation has four schools within the community, one of which is a Cree immersion program.
Phyllis Bay is a small bight between Allen and Scarlett Points at the south end of Montagu Island, in the South Sandwich Islands.
Port Navas Creek, or Porthnavas Creek, is one of seven creeks off the Helford River in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
Mapped by the University of Minnesota-Jones Mountains Party, 1960-61.
The pier takes its name from the original RNLI lifeboat station which opened in 2002 further downstream at Tower Pier, next to the Tower of London.
An advance base and meteorological station was established at Cape Keeler by the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition under Finn Ronne in 1947–48.
Snippaker Creek Cone is a cinder cone of the Iskut-Unuk River Cones group in northwestern British Columbia, Canada, located near the western flank of Cinder Mountain.
Wadi al Shati, sometimes referred to as Ashati, is one of the districts of Libya in the central-west part of the country.
In the 15th and 16th century, Bouchout Castle was owned by the Van der Marck and Transylvan families.
It is very close to the border of the parishes of Lanivet and Withiel.
its source is within Orange County, California.
The peak is named after the settlement of Enitsa in Northern Bulgaria.
La Poile Bay is a natural bay in Newfoundland, Canada, in the southwestern area of the island, off the south coast.
Ferguson Glacier is a glacier on the east side of Gallagher Ridge in the Asgard Range, McMurdo Dry Valleys, Antarctica.
The Lisbon Naval Base, is the main installation and operational base of the Portuguese Navy.
The Andagua volcanic field is a volcanic field in southern Peru.
It flows southwards along the west side of Barnes Ridge and east of Chapman Peak, and joins Ellen Glacier southwest of Mount Besch.
The Andrews Rocks are a small group of rocks 0.5 nautical miles east of Cape Paryadin, South Georgia.
Jerash Governorate is ranked 7th by population.
Thomas E. Southwick, a United States Marine Corps navigator on a Navy R4D reconnaissance flight to these mountains on January 28, 1958.
It was named in association with Shangri-la by the New Zealand Victoria University of Wellington Antarctic Expedition, 1960–61.
7, Subdivision M is an unorganised subdivision in eastern Newfoundland, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
This area was explored by personnel aboard the USS Glacier and Staten Island in February 1961.
They include Grossenbacher Nunatak, Holtet Nunatak, Christoph Nunatak and Isakson Nunatak.
Its mission is to maintain and operate base facilities for the logistic, recreational, administrative support and service of the U.S.
Early fur traders named it Lower Post to distinguish between the upper and lower Liard trading posts.
The camp served as a staging area for troops passing through the New Orleans Port of Embarkation.
The glacier is named after the ancient Roman settlement of Burdenis in Southern Bulgaria.
The governorate's capital is the city of Amman, which is also the country's capital.
13, Saskatchewan, Canada, is one of the eighteen census divisions within the province, as defined by Statistics Canada.
Attachie is a locality in British Columbia, located at the confluence of the Halfway and Peace Rivers.
Indicated but not named on Ferrar's 1907 map.
Batchelor Hills is a neighbourhood of the city of Kamloops, British Columbia, Canada.
Key Lake was initially developed to open-pit mine two nearby uranium ore deposits: the Gaertner deposit and the Deilmann deposit.
According to the 2006 Statistics Canada Census:
Horner Nunatak is a nunatak 1 nautical mile east of Staack Nunatak, in eastern Palmer Land, Antarctica.
The ferry crosses the North Saskatchewan River, as part of Range Road 783.
Older residents of the community still refer to these places separately but street signs only read Bayview and Ragged Point.
Tregear is a hamlet near Garras in the parish of Mawgan in Meneage, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
Listed as a designated place by Statistics Canada, the hamlet had a population of 49 in the Canada 2006 Census.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Neshyba Peak".
Alexander Cone is a 1,978-metre cone-shaped feature in the All-Blacks Nunataks, west of the Churchill Mountains in Antarctica.
The name Tijuca Point was given by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee for the Tijuca, a three-masted barque built at Nantes in 1866.
The first resident first "watcher" on Scolt Head was pioneering ornithologist and photographer Emma Turner.
Teller Peak is a peak, 3,550 m, marking the northeast extremity of Michigan Plateau and the Watson Escarpment, Queen Maud Mountains.
The track was closed and reopened according to the contemporary state and local laws on gambling and eventually waned in popularity and social importance.
"Bore" is the Swedish word for Boreas, the Greek god of the north wind.
Praia da Oura is a blue flag beach within the Municipality of Albufeira, in the Algarve, Portugal.
Staten Island Heights is a predominantly flat, ice-covered upland between the Greenville and Alatna Valleys in the Convoy Range of Victoria Land.
At present it is a mix of separated dwellings.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Rand Peak".
The population was 25 at the 2011 Census.
Peter I Island, 450 km north of the coast, is claimed by Norway as a dependency.
It is in the municipality of Santa Eulària des Riu and is 6.4 miles north east of the town of Santa Eulària des Riu.
Creagh Glacier is a glacier, 4 nautical miles long, flowing northeast from Creagh Icefall to the vicinity of Canoe Nunatak, Wilkniss Mountains, Victoria Land.
Trebartha is a hamlet in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom, in the parish of North Hill and in the valley of the River Lynher.
Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Vaughn D. Rockney, meteorologist at Byrd Station, 1968-69.
The suburb forms part of the civil parish of Treverbyn.
Twombley Glacier is a glacier 6 nautical miles long, flowing from the north side of Kent Plateau into the south side of Byrd Glacier.
The feature was first mapped by the United States Geological Survey from U.S. Navy aerial photographs taken 1959–60.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Mount Paterson".
In 1959, an outbreak of tuberculosis on the island affected most of the residents.
Paradise Park is a zoo situated in Hayle, Cornwall, England.
Smith Inlet is an ice-filled inlet receding 28 kilometres in a westerly direction between Cape Boggs and Cape Collier, along the east coast of Palmer Land.
Kostinbrod Pass is the ice-covered saddle of elevation 1100 m separating Doyran Heights from Flowers Hills in Sentinel Range, Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica.
The pass is named after the town of Kostinbrod in Western Bulgaria.
There are also places called Trenance in the parishes of Mullion, Newquay, St Issey, St Keverne and St Wenn.
The existence of these rocks was reported in 1775 by a British expedition under James Cook.
Gander Bay was a small place in the Fogo and Twillingate area in 1864.
They were mapped and surveyed carefully by explorers from the United States and New Zealand in the 1950s and 1960s.
Tucson International Airport is not a hub or focus city for any airline.
The reef appears on a chart based upon surveys by DI personnel in the period 1925-31, but it may have been charted earlier.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Phleger Dome".
The Cascade Canyon Trail follows the length of the canyon and is one of the most heavily used hiking trails in the park.
Cala Salada is a cove on the Spanish island of Ibiza.
The hospital building was the work of John Foulston, 1839, and was built as a workhouse.
Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Grosvenor S. Wotkyns, hospital corpsman at Byrd Station in 1962.
Finger Point is a point marking the northern tip of Visokoi Island in the South Sandwich Islands.
It was named by the University of Minnesota Ellsworth Mountains Party, 1962–63, for Glenn E. Bowie, geophysicist with the party.
Mapped by United States Geological Survey from ground surveys and U.S. Navy air photos 1960-63.
The Maritimes had a population of 1,813,606 in 2016.
Polyphant, recorded as Polefant c. 1170, is a village in east Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
Cape Crewe is a cape which forms the north side of the entrance to Cook Bay, on the north coast of South Georgia.
Widich Nunatak is a nunatak 3.5 nautical miles east of Spencer Nunatak, lying between Wisconsin Range and Long Hills in the Horlick Mountains.
Trenean is a hamlet in the parish of Morval, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
In 2014, extended heavy rainfall in the southeastern Saskatchewan and southwestern Manitoba resulted in severe flash flooding across much of the region.
The feature is named after the settlement of Nebeska in southern Bulgaria.
Tenaja Canyon Creek, a stream or arroyo, tributary to San Mateo Creek, in the Cleveland National Forest in Riverside County, California.
The hamlet is located 114 km north west of the City of Swift Current on highway 32.
The communities are closely associated with Franco-Newfoundlander history.
St Austell Bay is a bay on Cornwall's south coast which is bounded to the east by Gribbin Head and to the west by Black Head.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Mount Woodward".
La Mujer Muerta is a subrange of the Sierra de Guadarrama, Sistema Central, located in Segovia Province, Spain.
352, Saskatchewan was incorporated November 15, 1910.
The area is part of the aspen parkland biome.
Lymsworthy Meadows is a Site of Special Scientific Interest in north Cornwall, England, UK, noted for its biological characteristics.
The group was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee for Timothy J.C. Christie, British Antarctic Survey surveyor at Stonington Island, 1970–71.
The mountain was discovered by Lincoln Ellsworth on his trans-Antarctic flight of November 23, 1935.
HMAS Gilolo was a Royal Australian Navy shore naval base on Gililo, in the Maluku Islands, Dutch East Indies.
It was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee after the constellation of Cetus.
The first lifeboat was built for the town in 1840 and the present boathouse was opened in 1994.
It previously held the status of a village until December 31, 1955.
It was mapped by the University of Minnesota Jones Mountains Party of 1960-61.
Listed as a designated place by Statistics Canada, the hamlet had a population of 121 in the Canada 2006 Census.
The second largest city in the governorate is Russeifa.
A narrow, paved road reaches the summit from Harrisonburg, Virginia.
Macdonald Cove is a cove indenting the west side of the peninsula which terminates at Cape Buller, on the north coast of South Georgia.
Brock Gully is a valley located 1 nautical mile south of Windwhistle Peak in the Allan Hills of Victoria Land.
Smith Glacier is a low-gradient Antarctic glacier, over 160 km long, draining from Toney Mountain in an ENE direction to Amundsen Sea.
BNS Titumir is a naval base of the Bangladeshi Navy, founded after the Bangladesh Liberation War of 1971, and located in Khulna.
Chynhale is in the civil parish of Perranzabuloe and is situated 3.7 miles east of St Agnes.
It became a logging center in the early 1900s as railroads such as the New Hope Valley Railway pushed through the area.
The name "Paryadin-Kamm," derived from nearby Cape Paryadin, was given by Ludwig Kohl-Larsen during his visit to South Georgia in 1928-29.
Felbrigg Hall is a 17th-century English country house near the village of that name in Norfolk.
Dog Cove was a town northeast of Ramea.
Prior to DoD ownership, 605 acres of this land were used as a municipal airport and the rest for agricultural purposes.
The 911-acre Richardson Bay Sanctuary was acquired in the early 1960s by the National Audubon Society.
Airliners on charter flights by visiting college football teams which play the Nebraska Cornhuskers also utilize Lincoln Airport as a primary destination.
The glacier is named after the Bulgarian woman rebel leader Rumyana Voyvoda.
It was probably named for George Thurland Prior, Keeper of Minerals, British Museum, 1909-27.
Daymer Bay beach is backed by dunes and behind them is St Enodoc's Church where the poet John Betjeman is buried.
Darlings Beach is a hamlet in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.
Previously Headquarters 3 Task Force, 3 Task Force Region, HQ Ready Reaction Force, and 3 Land Force Group have been based here.
The administrative center of the governorate as well as all government offices and parliament are located in the Abdali district.
Neuanlage is a hamlet in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.
It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1957–62.
It is now known as the Castle Airport Aviation and Development Center.
A Church of England church was built by 1910.
It serves as the regimental headquarters of the Vijayabahu Infantry Regiment of Sri Lanka Army.
The beach is 3.8 miles west of the town of Albufeira and is 31.3 miles west of the regions capital of Faro.
The Tagab District is situated in the eastern part of Kapisa Province, Afghanistan.
The feature was visited in the 1957–58 season by members of the Darwin Glacier Party of the Commonwealth Trans-Antarctic Expedition, 1956–58.
The Kudobin Islands are located close to Nelson Lagoon.
Mount Pleasant is a hamlet in the parish of Roche, Cornwall, England.
Comer Crag is a crag, 635 metres high, standing 1 nautical mile north of the head of Ice Fjord in the western part of South Georgia.
The Trans-Pecos is part of the Chihuahuan Desert, the largest desert in North America.
The quay is now the home of Southdown Marina.
Treburley is a village in Cornwall, England, UK, split by the A388 road leading from Callington to Launceston.
Photographed from the air by Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition, November 1947.
He was at Grytviken whaling station, 1912–14, and supervised the building of the church there.
Bulfinch Ridge is a ridge 4 nautical miles long that extends east from the north part of Endeavour Massif, Kirkwood Range, Victoria Land.
It was named by the New Zealand Victoria University of Wellington Antarctic Expedition, 1960–61, because of its proximity to The Keyhole.
Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Lieutenant Lynn D. Solem, U.S. Navy, Medical Officer at the South Pole Station, 1972.
Morales Peak is a peak which rises from the southern part of Metavolcanic Mountain in Antarctica, just east of Reedy Glacier.
Mount Wyman is a mountain, 2,665 m, at the end of the rock spur running west from Sandford Cliffs, Queen Elizabeth Range.
Northern Canada has a record of very large volumes of magmatic rock called large igneous provinces.
South Stream is a meltwater stream 2 nautical miles southwest of Marble Point on the coast of Victoria Land.
Angle Lifeboat Station first opened in 1868 after a letter from the local Coastguard requested a lifeboat station within the Milford Haven.
It previously held the status of village until December 31, 2005.
This lake contains seven other islands with the largest of those measuring 112 m by 112 m 48°47′49″N 57°39′29″W.
Mapped by United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos 1961-66.
Grand Bay West is a settlement in Newfoundland and Labrador.
Mount Hoffman is a distinctive rock peak 1.5 nautical miles south-southwest of Mount Tidd, in the southern flank of the Pirrit Hills of Antarctica.
Roché Glacier is the 5.8 km long and 2 km wide glacier draining the central part of Vinson Plateau in Sentinel Range, Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica.
The farm also produces jams, marmalades, sauces, chutneys, a pickle and a mustard.
Hodges, Royal Navy, of the Sappho, who visited and mapped portions of Cumberland Bay in 1906.
Ruby Lake Beach is a hamlet in Saskatchewan.
Pengover Green is a hamlet east of Liskeard in east Cornwall, England.
Deep Bight is a village located south of Clarenville.
Lewis Point is a point at the south side of the mouth of Anthony Glacier, on the east coast of Palmer Land, Antarctica.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Worsley Icefalls".
Mackay Glacier Tongue is the glacier tongue of the Mackay Glacier, projecting into Granite Harbour, Victoria Land.
Purbeck's Cove is a settlement in Newfoundland and Labrador.
Nai Peng, 7,043 m at 29°37'12"N, 95°03'00"E, first climbed 1984
Faulder has become an area of controversy lately as high levels of uranium have been found in the community's drinking water.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Perkins Glacier".
The name, applied by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee, is descriptive of the sharp peaks which suggest the bristles of a brush.
The highest of these rises to a sharp peak and is visible for a great distance.
It extended approximately 20 miles on either side of the railway.
It is situated northeast of Patleyna Glacier and northwest of the head of Padala Glacier.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Score Ridge".
The name "Little Jason" was in use at South Georgia prior to 1920.
All U.S. forces vacated the base in early June 2014, at which time control of the base was handed over to Kyrgyz authorities.
The town has a primarily Catholic population with some Anglicans.
Discovered and photographed from the air by the RARE, 1947-48, under Finn Ronne.
Naval Construction Battalion Center Port Hueneme is the West Coast homeport of the Navy’s Seabees.
It has been the site of many shipwrecks.
Treligga adjoining Tregardock was the location of a World War II aerial bombing and gunnery range at Treligga aerodrome, 2 km west of Delabole.
Campbell Glacier Tongue is the seaward extension of Campbell Glacier into northern Terra Nova Bay, on the coast of Victoria Land.
Commissioned in 1945, the base served as the RAN's radar training school.
It is at the junction of Pydar Street, King Street, and St Mary's Street.
Mitchellton is a hamlet in Lake Johnston Rural Municipality No.
Treen Cove is a tidal beach on the north coast of the Penwith peninsula, Cornwall, England, UK.
Velika Plaža is a beach in Ulcinj Municipality, Montenegro.
Oakshela is a hamlet in Saskatchewan, Canada.
Today, all that is left here are multiple ruins and the still standing Noble Five office.
Weybourne Windmill is located on the eastern high ground above the village of Weybourne in the English county of Norfolk.
Quarry is an abandoned railway community that was located in the Gaff Topsails area of the province of Newfoundland, Canada.
Named in association with Onnum Ridge by a University of Waikato geological party, 1978–79, led by M.J. Selby.
Walsh Nunatak is a nunatak on the north side of Haines Glacier, 8 nautical miles southwest of Mount Axworthy, in the Dana Mountains, Palmer Land.
It was first charted by the British Antarctic Expedition, 1907–09, which named this cape after Bernard C. Day, an electrician and motor expert with the expedition.
St Lawrence is a hamlet southwest of Bodmin, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
The opening of the valley is buttressed by a sidelobe of the Argosy Glacier and the valley floor is covered with patterned ground polygons.
It is also site of one of British Columbia's newest universities: Thompson Rivers University.
Keremeos Centre is a ghost town located in the Similkameen Country region of British Columbia, Canada.
Rathmines was also the RAAF Maritime Section's main training base.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Mount Nichols".
1, Saskatchewan is a rural municipality in south-eastern Saskatchewan, Canada along Highway 18.
Fiebelman Nunatak is one of the Grossman Nunataks of Antarctica, lying 3.5 nautical miles east-northeast of Cheeks Nunatak.
The seat of the municipality is located in the Town of Kinistino.
The nearest village by road is Pinehouse, 220 kilometres south of Key Lake.
He has used remote sensing, field work, and modeling to study ice dynamics since the early 1990s.
Settlements on the banks of the Hamoaze are Saltash, Wilcove, Torpoint and Cremyll in Cornwall, as well as Devonport and Plymouth in Devon.
Over 394,000 people visited the house in 2014/15, placing it as the fourth most popular National Trust house.
Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Donald K. Reynolds, ionospheric physicist at Byrd Station, 1967-68 season.
78 is a rural municipality in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.It is also located in the Census division No.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Mount Sharp".
The shoal is 10 miles long and 1 mile wide and lies parallel to the North east coast of Norfolk.
The Sentinel Range lies to its east.
Roughly charted by DI personnel on the Discovery in the period 1926-30 and surveyed by HMS Owen in 1960-61.
I'm sure the decision was made to name the mountain after him, in remembrance of his tragic loss after serving so well in that remote location.
It is situated to the south-west of the town of St Columb, and just south of the A3059 main road between St Columb and Newquay.
It was first mapped by the Swedish Antarctic Expedition, 1901–04, under Otto Nordenskiöld.
Naval Support Force, Antarctica, during U.S. Navy Operation Deepfreeze 1963 and 1964.
The SGS reported in 1957 that "Johan" is the correct spelling of the name, which is well known locally.
It was charted by the Swedish Antarctic Expedition, 1901–04, under Otto Nordenskiöld, who named it for Axel Hamberg, a Swedish geographer, mineralogist and Arctic explorer.
The regional district offices are in Burns Lake.
It was charted by Discovery Investigations personnel on the Discovery during the period 1926–30, and by HMS Owen in 1960–61.
They were first surveyed in 1936 by the British Graham Land Expedition under John Rymill and resurveyed in 1948 by the Falklands Islands Dependencies Survey.
Towle Glacier is a glacier in the Convoy Range of Victoria Land, draining northeast between Eastwind and Elkhorn Ridges into the Fry Glacier.
The ferry is free of tolls and operates between 7:00 am and midnight, during the ice-free season.
These nunataks are visible from the Hercules Inlet, a common starting point for long-distance expeditions trekking 1170km from the coast of Antarctica to the South Pole.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Roos Glacier".
Bentley Subglacial Trench is a vast topographic trench in Marie Byrd Land, West Antarctica, 80°S, 115°W.
Bay de Loup was a small locality located northeast of Burgeo.
It had hosted forces from several other International Security Assistance Force member states as well.
Mount Bowen is a peak in the Prince Albert Mountains, Victoria Land, Antarctica.
It is located near the town of Gotemba in the Shizuoka Prefecture of Japan, at the base of Mount Fuji.
Mattis Point is a settlement in Newfoundland and Labrador.
Naval Support Force, Antarctica, during Operation Deep Freeze 1971 and 1972.
Kennack Sands is a beach and sand-dune system on the east coast of the Lizard Peninsula, Cornwall, England, UK.
Beaver Flat is a resort village in the Rural Municipality of Excelsior No.
The Bigler Nunataks are a cluster of notable nunataks in Antarctica.
In 1901 the population had slightly increased to 168 with 89 Church of England members, 65 Methodists, and 14 members of the Salvation Army.
Rustad Bay is a small bay indenting the southwest side of Annenkov Island, off the south coast of South Georgia.
Named by the US-ACAN for Captain Ernest A. Schmid, USAF, who participated in the establishment of the IGY South Pole Station during the 1956-57 season.
Fox Island is a settlement in Newfoundland and Labrador.
It is 200 metres south of Kynance Cove and access is via a steep cliff path cut into the cliffs.
It was named by the FIDS for Hakon Mosby, a Norwegian meteorologist and oceanographer.
Hill is a training and maneuver center belonging to the United States Army located near the town of Bowling Green, Virginia.
Shortlanesend is in the former Carrick District.
Geographically and hydrologically the Neretva is divided in three sections.
In summer a considerable volume of water enters the lake from the ravine immediately north of Swine Hill.
The current station in Horton operates a D class lifeboat named Albert Wordley.
Mount Acton is the high, dominant peak of the west ridge of the Welch Mountains in Palmer Land.
It is a Grade II* listed building.
The peak is named after the Bulgarian cartographer Aleksandar Ruset.
The abandoned CNR branch line was also removed around 2015.
Combined Arms Training Center Camp Fuji is an installation of the United States Marine Corps next to the JGSDF Camp Takigahara(Japanese: 滝ヶ原駐屯地).
It contains over 80 volcanoes, with the most recognizable ones located in the Atlantic Ocean where they form seamounts.
It was named for legendary Marine Smedley D. Butler.
Simpson Peak 2170 m is the northernmost officially-named summit in the Stikine Ranges of the Cassiar Mountains system in northernmost British Columbia, Canada.
This feature was surveyed by the Swedish Antarctic Expedition, 1901–04, who named it "West Bay".
Later, in 1977, a prominent projection of the bluffs was named Barnes Bluff, after another Operation Deep Freeze officer.
Farewell Point is a point which forms the northeast extremity of Bird Island, off the west end of South Georgia.
It is stratigraphically equivalent with the Belly River Group in Alberta.
It is overlooking Ellen Glacier to the southwest and Young Glacier to the northeast.
It occupies less than 50,000 sq mi, making it the smallest of the North American deserts.
In 1974 it was abolished under the Local Government Act 1972, to form part of the new Penwith district.
Brigus Junction is a settlement in Newfoundland and Labrador.
Named by Taylor of the British Antarctic Expedition, presumably for Charles D. Walcott, Director of the U.S. Geological Survey and Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, 1907-28.
Mapped by United States Geological Survey from ground surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1959-66.
It is located within the civil parish of Constantine, 1 kilometre north-west of the village of the same name.
Trussall is a hamlet southeast of Wendron in west Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
In 1958 the 40th Anniversary of Lenin Komsomol alley was established, and the park was subsequently renamed to Lenin Komsomol Park.
Malheur Lake is a freshwater lake, while Harney Lake is saline-alkaline.
Mount Darbyshire is a prominent bare rock mountain 2,100 metres high, which stands close west of the Warren Range in Victoria Land.
He made over 110 Antarctic jumps during his nine Deep Freeze seasonal deployments through 1977.
Located entirely within the Canadian province of British Columbia, it extends from the Cascade Mountains in the south to the Coast Mountains in the north.
Cairns Glacier is a glacier on the west slope of Vinson Massif, Sentinel Range in Antarctica, situated between Branscomb Glacier and Tulaczyk Glacier.
The peak is named after the settlement of Prosenik in Eastern Bulgaria.
Richardson Hill is an ice-free hill in Antarctica, rising above the ice of Island Arena on the north side of the Darwin Mountains.
128 is a rural municipality in south-eastern Saskatchewan, Canada, covering 943.87 square kilometers in area.
Brittain Creek is a stream in Henderson County, North Carolina, in the United States.
Stavern has probably been a harbor since ancient times.
Named by the New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition for the well known New Zealand national rugby union team.
Named by the New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition for Edgar H. Thompson, Professor of Surveying and Photogrammetry at the University College of London, England.
It was photographed by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump, 1946–47.
Cook Glacier is a glacier which flows in a north-northeasterly direction to Saint Andrews Bay on the north coast of South Georgia.
The name appears to be first used on a 1929 British Admiralty chart.
38 is a rural municipality in south-east Saskatchewan, Canada encompassing 840.86 square kilometers in area.
The descriptive name appeared on a British Admiralty chart of 1938 based upon Discovery Investigations surveys in 1930.
Darwin Glacier is a large glacier flowing from the polar plateau eastward between the Darwin Mountains and the Cook Mountains to the Ross Ice Shelf.
The Mainprize Regional Park is a park in the rural municipality of Cymri No.
The feature has a sheer northwest face 150 metres high; the southeast side is level with the snow plateau.
Named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1954 for Erling D. Naess, Mgr.
So named by New Zealand Antarctic Place-Names Committee following geological work carried out by C.T.
The inlet is situated on the Logan Rock peninsula one mile east of Porthcurno, Cornwall.
Coney Arm is an abandoned community in Newfoundland and Labrador.
Whistle Cove is a cove lying at the head of Fortuna Bay on the north coast of South Georgia.
It is located south of the district of Risskov, along the Bay of Aarhus.
Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Richard J. Wold, United States Antarctic Research Program geologist at Byrd Station, 1960-61 season.
The Tonopah Desert is also just north of the Gila Bend Mountains massif which create the Gila Bend of the river.
The Kuberry Rocks are a small area of exposed rock at the north end of the Coulter Heights.
In the 19th century, notable horses of the time, such as Emperor of Norfolk and Domino raced.
The original name has therefore been restricted to the eastern valley, and Sphagnum Valley has been applied to the western part.
Between 2005 and 2009, the glacier retreated 1-kilometer.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Novosilski Bay".
Listed as a designated place by Statistics Canada, the hamlet had a population of 30 in the Canada 2006 Census.
Land Bay is an ice-filled bay, about 40 nautical miles wide, indenting the coast of Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica, just eastward of Groves Island.
and is home to the Williams Lake Indian Band.
The tower affords an excellent view of the harbour and of the former headquarters of Großadmiral Karl Dönitz of the Kriegsmarine across the bay at Larmor-Plage.
The name applied by the northern party of the New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition, 1963–64, is suggestive of the aspect of this relatively isolated feature.
Moorswater lies in a valley which is spanned by Moorswater viaduct carrying the Cornish Main Line railway.
Frenchman Butte is a butte located 45 km northeast of Lloydminster, is named after a Frenchman who was killed there by Indians in the 19th century.
Mount Howe harbours the southernmost known indigenous life — a colony of bacteria and yeasts.
The village is situated 2 1⁄2 miles east of Callington and five miles north of Saltash.
Central Texas contains the Texas Hill Country and corresponds to a physiographic section designation within the Edwards Plateau, in a geographic context.
It now functions as both Guangxi Normal University and as a tourist attraction.
Randall Ridge is an arc-shaped rock ridge at the north side of the Guthridge Nunataks, in the Gutenko Mountains of central Palmer Land.
Stejneger Peak is a conspicuous rocky peak, 190 m, at the head of Evermann Cove on Bird Island, South Georgia.
Uranus Glacier forms the southern boundary of the feature.
Despite its small size, the area has several notable residents and former residents including Arthur Lenton the pianist who grew up nearby.
Vereyken Glacier is a glacier in Antarctica, named after Jill Vereyken, ASA, Supervisor, Berg Field Center, McMurdo Station.
From the mouth of the valley at Porth Nanven, seals are frequently seen and occasionally dolphins and basking sharks.
The Botallack Mine is a former mine in Botallack in the west of Cornwall, England, UK.
It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey in 1974, and named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Ian W.D.
It contains excellently displayed fossil wood and is located on the southwest shoulder of Mount Glossopteris in the Ohio Range, Horlick Mountains.
Zawiya is one of the districts of Libya.
Tramagenna is a hamlet southwest of Camelford, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
It was first built as a shelter under the leadership of the professor and mountaineer Drago Karolin, the president of the Snežnik Ilirska Bistrica Mountaineering Club.
Eddontenajon is an unincorporated settlement in the Stikine Country of the northwestern British Columbia Interior in Canada.
The name Burnet, given by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee, is the English name of a plant which is common in this vicinity.
The tractor party, led by Major Antero Havola, passed a few miles northward of this knoll on December 25, 1960.
Much of the Atlantic Seaboard fall line passes through areas where no evidence of faulting is present.
The peak was photographed from the air by the United States Antarctic Service, 1939–41, and roughly mapped.
The Prince Albert Mountains are a major mountain group in Antarctica over 320 km long.
The current lifeboat is the Atlantic 85 RNLB Random Harvest
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Pungent Point".
312 is a rural municipality in north-central Saskatchewan, Canada on the South Saskatchewan River.
Named after the River Taff in Wales, the toponym in Welsh literally means "Hill of the Taff."
Congress is a hamlet in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.
Cornish Blue, a cheese made by the Cornish Cheese Company at Upton Cross, was the winning cheese in the World Food Awards in December 2010.
High Cross is the name of a cobbled plaza in Truro, Cornwall, United Kingdom, in front of the west face of Truro Cathedral.
Mount Tenniel is a mountain, 1,625 m, standing 7 nautical miles west-northwest of the mouth of Clifford Glacier on the east coast of Palmer Land.
The hall is Grade I on the National Heritage List for England.
Barker Nunatak is one of the Grossman Nunataks, located 2.2 nautical miles northeast of the Fletcher Nunataks.
Penelewey is a hamlet southeast of Playing Place in Cornwall, England, UK.
It operates a Trent Class all weather boat and a D class inshore lifeboat.
Starbuck Peak is a peak, 1,435 m, standing between the heads of Risting Glacier and Harmer Glacier in the south part of South Georgia.
His book, Voyages Round the World, published in 1833, is an authoritative work on early American Antarctic exploration.
Green Glacier is a glacier on the west side of Haskell Ridge, flowing north from the Darwin Mountains of Antarctica into Darwin Glacier.
The hamlet was formerly called Hille or Hill.
Leigh Canyon is located in Grand Teton National Park, in the U. S. state of Wyoming.
The name was in use prior to 1930 and was probably applied by sealers and whalers working in the area.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Whaler Channel".
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Abendroth Peak".
The North Walsham and Dilham Canal is a waterway in the English county of Norfolk.
It surmounts Embree Glacier to the west, Patleyna Glacier to the northeast and Ellen Glacier to the south-southeast.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Mount Weyant".
Renner Peak is the dominant peak on the small mountain mass between Chapman and Naess Glaciers on the west coast of Palmer Land.
The Robson Glacier is the primary source of the short Robson River, one of the uppermost tributaries of the Fraser River.
HMAS Maitland was a shore-based naval depot located in the area behind Horseshoe Beach and Nobby's Beach, in Newcastle, New South Wales.
Starbuck Cirque is a remarkable cirque, 4 nautical miles wide, between the base of Tentacle Ridge and Mount Hughes in Cook Mountains.
The station also has an Arancia IRB as support for the larger Atlantic 85-class inshore lifeboat.
The main range has two storeys and is built of red brick in the Queen Anne style.
The trees, prominent in Saskatchewan folklore, are dramatically different from the un-twisted aspens just across the road.
Anderson Pyramid is a distinctive pyramidal peak, the southernmost member of the Bigler Nunataks, in the Usarp Mountains of Antarctica.
Mapped by United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1961-66.
The residents of Zichydorf Village mostly came from Zichydorf in Austria-Hungary before World War I.
Fort Bonifacio, is the national headquarters of the Philippine Army and is located in southeastern Metro Manila in an area disputed between Taguig, Makati and Pateros.
The northern settlement is an unincorporated community in the Northern Saskatchewan Administration District.
For a view of Bloomfield, Google Earth has high resolution photographs of the area.
Tripoli District is one of the 22 first level subdivisions of Libya.
It is situated approximately half-a-mile north of Chacewater and straddles the main line railway.
The Morrison Rocks are a group of rocks which outcrop along the southern slope of Mount Frakes, in the Crary Mountains of Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.
Located along the Atlantic coast, various aquatic sub-basins are located in the Maritimes, such as the Gulf of Maine and Gulf of St. Lawrence.
It lies immediately adjacent to Cuisson Lake.
The two drainages, the Tyson and the Bouse, enter upper regions of the Imperial Reservoir Drainage.
The font which has a square bowl has been variously dated as 11th century and 13th century.
It is located near the national headquarters of the Philippine Air Force.
Meskanaw is a small community south west of Melfort, Saskatchewan.
It was roughly surveyed by the Swedish Antarctic Expedition, 1901–04, under Otto Nordenskiöld.
Many times a fall line will recede upstream as the river cuts out the uphill dense material, often forming "c"-shaped waterfalls.
The lake was given this descriptive name by the Western Journey Party, led by Thomas Griffith Taylor, of the British Antarctic Expedition, 1910–13.
271 is a rural municipality in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan, located in the Census Division 9.
An overhead cable is suspended from towers anchored on either bank of the river, and a "traveller" is installed on the cable.
Ethelbert Ridge is a ridge composed of igneous rocks within the Fossil Bluff groups of sedimentary rocks located east-southeast of Mount Alfred.
Calico Bay was named for its colorful bed thanks to abundant deposits of loam.
Pentreath Beach is a cove and beach on the Lizard Peninsula.
The cape described, though somewhat farther north, is apparently the only rock feature lying in that direction.
Its name started as Cornish dialect English for "wet my throat", here used as a name for a dry field.
It was named from datum, a geodesy and surveying term defined by fixed coordinates.
Though not the highest point on the ridge, the spire stands out "like a sore thumb" and is an excellent reference point.
Aelnat's cross which was found at Trevillet and then moved to Trevena, is finely carved.
The college now concentrates on training beach lifeguards.
It is filled with kelp and there is no anchorage.
The arc has formed due to subduction along the Cascadia subduction zone.
It had a population of 86 in 1951 and currently has a population of 150.
The southern end of the beach tends to attract naturists.
First observed from aircraft by the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition, 1947-48.
Colleen Lake is a small meltwater lake between the lower parts of Joyce Glacier and Garwood Glacier in Victoria Land.
In 1984 BC Hydro brought electricity to the area and the following year the road from Quesnel to Nazko was paved.
They gave it this descriptive name from the spectacular cavernous weathering occurring in the granite of the peak, suggestive of catacombs.
They extend along the west side of Matusevich Glacier southward of Eld Peak, and are about 25 nautical miles long.
Mapped by United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1959-65.
The value of the manor was 5 shillings though it had formerly been worth 10 shillings.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Sarcophagus Point".
The gatehouse is the oldest part of the house and is flanked by later wings, in the Strawberry Hill Gothic style, popularised by Horace Walpole.
Mount Beazley is a mountain surmounting the north extremity of the California Plateau.
The nearby hamlet of Rinsey is located 1 km to the southwest.
Reeves Bluffs is a line of east-facing rock bluffs, 8 nautical miles long, situated 15 nautical miles west of Cape Murray in the Cook Mountains.
Pwllheli received its first motor lifeboat in 1930 and because it was kept afloat, the boathouse went unused until 1953.
The name is one of a group in the area associated with surveying applied in 1993 by New Zealand Geographic Board.
The feature was photographed from the air by the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition, 1947–48.
Mapped by United States Geological Survey from ground surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1959-71.
This governorate is the largest in the kingdom of Jordan by area.
Depot Nunatak is a nunatak, 1,980 metres high, standing at the west side of Cassidy Glacier and the Quartermain Mountains in Victoria Land.
Rimrock Lake is a lake in the Cariboo Regional District of British Columbia, about 25 miles north of the city of Williams Lake.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Owen Peak".
Mount Hal Flood is now known officially as Mount Berlin.
Boney Point is a rock headland along the south side of the entrance to Tripp Bay in Victoria Land.
Listed as a designated place by Statistics Canada, the hamlet had a population of 15 in the Canada 2006 Census.
Chance Cove Provincial Park, is a provincial park located approximately 20 km south of Renews-Cappahayden, Newfoundland and Labrador.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Soyuz-18 Rock".
Johns Creek is a stream in Jackson County, in the U.S. state of North Carolina.
The name commemorates the midnight hours kept at this location.
The base is also used by the United States Navy and United States Coast Guard.
Tregolls is a farm in the parish of St Wenn and one mile northeast of the village of St Wenn in mid Cornwall, England, UK.
The stream which runs down the valley discharges into the Atlantic Ocean at Nanven.
First roughly surveyed in 1936 by the British Graham Land Expedition under Rymill.
They are found approximately twenty kilometers north-north-west of the town of Hafford, Saskatchewan and just over five kilometers south-west of Alticane.
17 is a rural municipality in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan, located in the southwestern part of the province on the United States border.
The cape is marked by a rock exposure and is situated at the south side of the terminus of Mawson Glacier.
Eve Cone, in the middle of the field, is one of the most symmetrical and best preserved cinder cones in Canada.
Named by United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee after the son of the god Zeus in Greek mythology.
The dominant landform is the Nechako Plateau.
The two communities are grouped together for census purposes as a single designated place named as Robson/Raspberry.
This continues the naming of features in the area after Saxon Kings of England.
Holywell is a coastal village in north Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
The town is located approximately 42 kilometres southwest of the Trans-Canada Highway on Route 370.
The village of Golden Prairie lies within its geographical boundaries, but is technically not part of Big Stick No 141.
It projects southward between Restronguet Creek and Carrick Roads.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Oviedo Cove".
Homer Groening, the father of cartoonist Matt Groening, is from Main Centre.
It was one of three naval bases of the Ukrainian Navy along with the Southern Naval Base and Main Naval Base in Sevastopol.
Largely comprising two Indian Reserves, 'Chopaka IR No.
Thrigby Post Windmill is located in the civil parish of Mautby in the English county of Norfolk.
It was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee for Able Seaman Ralph A. Holgate of HMS Owen, which first charted the shoal in 1961.
Gluvian is a hamlet in mid Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
In the Second World War the whaling stations were closed except Grytviken and Leith Harbour.
Almost a third of Cornwall has AONB designation, with the same status and protection as a National Park.
Blount Island Command is responsible for the United States Marine Corps' Maritime Prepositioning Ships Maintenance Cycle operations and oversight of the Marine Corps Prepositioning Program-Norway.
The ferry is free of tolls and operates between 7:00 am and midnight, during the ice-free season.
In Norwegian barns used for storing hay, there is a ramp up which the wagons are driven before tipping.
To the north the nearest large area identifiable is the Karlamilyi National Park.
Overturn Glacier is a short tributary glacier of the Hatherton Glacier 3.6 nautical miles west of Junction Spur in Darwin Mountains of Antarctica.
Woodbrook is an unincorporated community in New Castle County, Delaware, United States.
The smaller communities in Newfoundland may often be referenced by the Bay in which they are located, e.g.
The manor of Penpoll was recorded in the Domesday Book when it was held by Reginald from Robert, Count of Mortain.
Smith Sound is one of the key breeding grounds for the Atlantic cod in Newfoundland and Labrador.
Mapped by United States Geological Survey in 1974.
Medusa Peak is a peak, 1,700 metres high, located southeast of Perseus Peak on Tentacle Ridge in the Cook Mountains of Antarctica.
Simoom Hill is one of the Relay Hills, rising to 640 m, 3 miles east of Mount Edgell in western Antarctic Peninsula.
It was named in association with Shangri-la by the New Zealand Victoria University of Wellington Antarctic Expedition, 1960–61.
To the south it adjoins the Bay of Exploits.
339 started out with the name Roach from January 1, 1913 until March 14, 1914 when the name changed to Ayr.
The communities of Truax, Claybank and Crystal Hill are within the rural municipality.
In the centre of the moor are the remains of an Iron Age settlement consisting of four round houses.
The longest lava flow from the field and the volcanic complex, is about 12 km long.
The plateau reaches a maximum height of 3,275 metres in Mount Blackburn at the southern end.
It is part of the glacial divide between Sabazios Glacier to the north and Embree Glacier to the south.
It is about two miles northeast of Duloe.
Treworrick is a hamlet in the parish of St Cleer, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
The inner reaches of the arm is located at Sunnyside, and from there it is a mere 2.72 miles to Placentia Bay at Come by Chance.
Eastwind Ridge is a broad, partially ice-covered ridge about 10 nautical miles long between Chattahoochee Glacier and Towle Glacier in the Convoy Range of Antarctica.
Emma played a key role in the development of New Zealand systems to implement the Protocol on Environmental Protection to the Antarctic Treaty and its Act.
Lanescot is a village in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
It was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1963 in association with Coal Harbor.
Since 1992 the community has been a part of the Town of New-Wes-Valley.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Tollefson Nunatak".
On the west side are three coves with anchorage in 20 to 10 fathoms.
For the city in West Yorkshire see Bradford
It was named by the Soviet expedition after Soviet mathematician and academic naval architect Alexei Krylov.
The peak is named after the settlement of Toros in Northern Bulgaria.
Lancetes Lake is a small lake near the head of Maiviken, in the northern part of Thatcher Peninsula, South Georgia.
The name appears to be first used on a 1931 British Admiralty chart, and is probably in association with Fortuna Bay.
The canyon is located in Sugarbowl-Grizzly Den Provincial Park and Protected Area.
9 is located six miles southwest of Kelowna proper, adjacent to McDougall Creek.
Listed as a designated place by Statistics Canada, the hamlet had a population of 24 in the Canada 2006 Census.
The tiny island of Seghy stands a few metres off Cripp's Cove.
Naval Base Kitsap was the recipient of the 2005 Commander in Chief's Award for Installation Excellence - the Best Base in the U.S. Navy.
It was one of the many passes surveyed as a route for the Canadian Pacific Railway in the 1870s.
Three Nunataks are three nunataks, largely ice-covered, lying 2 nautical miles southwest of Haven Mountain at the northwest edge of the Britannia Range.
The ferry operates under contract to the British Columbia Ministry of Transportation and is free of tolls.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Schroeder Peak".
The lake was named Maivatn by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1990 in association with Maiviken.
An English form of the name, Humpback Rocks, was recommended by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1954.
He conducted ionospheric research in the Arctic and Antarctic regions and is the discoverer of the Van Allen radiation belts.
Today, approximately 35 people live in this coastal village, which is known for its beautiful scenery and whale-watching.
The spelling Mojave originates from the Spanish language while the spelling Mohave comes from modern English.
It is at 57.081993°N 102.01934°W﻿ / 57.081993; -102.01934.
Sand Mountain is a sandstone plateau in northeastern Alabama and northwestern Georgia.
Mount Sullivan is a mountain, 2,070 m, standing 12 nautical miles east of the north part of the Eternity Range, in Palmer Land.
Bay du Nord is an abandoned community in Hermitage Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador.
A 6-acre property with eight contributing buildings was included in the listing.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Sickle Ridge".
Billey Bluff is a rocky coastal bluff 4 nautical miles southwest of Mount Langway in the western part of the Ickes Mountains, Marie Byrd Land.
Bates Peak, about 600 metres high, is the westernmost peak on Rothschild Island, rising west of Fournier Ridge in the Desko Mountains.
Mount Manke is a mountain, 900 metres high, marking the eastern limit of the Harold Byrd Mountains in Antarctica.
It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy trimetrogon photography, 1958-60.
It is part of the Iskut-Unuk River Cones group and last erupted during the Holocene period.
It can be seen as an extension of Carrer de Pau Claris in Eixample.
The seat of the municipality is located in the Hamlet of Hyas.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Scott Peninsula".
Maagoe Peak is a peak, 1,850 metres high, at the north end of the Gifford Peaks in the Heritage Range of the Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica.
The mountains were photographed from the air by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump, the Soviet Antarctic Expedition and an Australian National Antarctic Research Expedition.
Round Harbour was located south west of Wesleyville, Newfoundland and Labrador.
It was charted by the Discovery Investigations, 1928–30, and named after Petty Officer J.
434, but are technically not part of the rural municipality.
It has a population of 287,300 making up 4.5% of Jordan's population.
This makes Zhenya the second-best preserved mammoth ever found.
Owen Ridge is a very high and rugged mountain ridge, 22 nautical miles long, which forms the southwesternmost element of the Sentinel Range, Ellsworth Mountains.
Mount Ratliff is a mountain, 2,520 m, located north of Watson Escarpment and 8 nautical miles north-northeast of Mount Doumani.
Although Kaleden is somewhat of a small community, it has its own school.
Avalanche Ridge is a linear rock ridge, 1 mile long, extending north from Pillsbury Tower and separating Basecamp Valley from Austin Valley, in Antarctica's Jones Mountains.
On July 2, 1863, Garnett's Brigade bivouacked on the border of the woods.
It projects south into the north side of New Bedford Inlet 4 miles northwest of Cape Kidson, on the east coast of Palmer Land.
It is the largest inland shifting sand dune system in the Pacific Northwest.
It was named by the New Zealand Antarctic Place-Names Committee in association with Reeves Glacier.
Flat Bay Brook is a settlement in Newfoundland and Labrador.
The center of the Wayne business district is the intersection of Lancaster Avenue and Wayne Avenue, its main street.
It also supported civil defense radiological equipment testing and maintenance.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Raymond Ice Ridge".
The glacier is named after the ancient Roman and medieval settlement of Karasura in Southern Bulgaria.
It was originally named "Saddleback Ridge" informally by British Antarctic Survey geologist Alastair Linn because of its pronounced saddleback appearance when viewed from the south.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Walsh Nunatak".
101 in the province of Saskatchewan, Canada.
The first Post office was established in 1965 and the first Post Mistress was Mrs. Mary O'Keefe.
The Lytton Ferry is a cable ferry across the Fraser River in British Columbia, Canada.
The beach was sketch surveyed and named by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey in 1951.
Whale Cove is a settlement in Newfoundland and Labrador.
Railroads brought tourists and visitors to the area from other parts of the United States and abroad.
Trethillick is a hamlet between Padstow and Crugmeer in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
It is covered with tussock and is almost 2 miles long in a northeast–southwest direction and 0.75 miles wide.
Marine Corps Base Hawaii occupies the entire Mokapu Peninsula, of 2,951 acres.
In 2012 Praia da Rocha Baixinha was designated a blue Flag beach.
The communities school closed due to a lack of students, who are now bused to Esterhazy.
The crag was first seen by members of the Swedish Antarctic Expedition, 1901–04, under Otto Nordenskiöld, who gave the descriptive name "Basaltspitze."
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Ruotolo Peak".
Duncan Aviation has hangars on the east side of the airport and parts storage on the west side.
Departing, she carried out wintering-over personnel of Deep Freeze I and construction party personnel left at Cape Hallett.
HMAS Cairns is a Royal Australian Navy base located adjacent to the Trinity Inlet on the shore of Trinity Bay in Cairns, Queensland, Australia.
Dubris Valley is a narrow ice-free valley just east of Danum Platform in the northern Britannia Range.
This honor was bestowed on Dr. Simsarian at his retirement from the U.S. State Department after a quarter-century of distinguished service.
The Rural Municipality of Shell Lake No.
It is reached by North Dakota Highway 40 on the American side and Saskatchewan Highway 47 on the Canadian side.
Bridge crossings were not only very expensive to build and maintain but obstacles to waterborne commerce.
The Sierra Crest also forms two paths around endorheic cirques between the west and east Sierra slopes.
Mount Vance is a mountain rising between Mount LeMasurier and Mount McCrory in the Ickes Mountains of Marie Byrd Land.
In 1911, it was inhabited by the lighthouse keepers and their families.
Back Cove is a small fishing village on Fogo Island, in the Fogo District.
On Talland Bay are two sheltered shingle beaches, Talland Sand and Rotterdam Beach, and the bay was once well known as a landing spot for smugglers.
Larga Valley is a valley 2 nautical miles long, trending northeast–southwest in the western part of Seymour Island, Antarctica.
It served as a depot for ICBM missile programs operated at Norton Air Force Base and Vandenberg Air Force Base, California.
Alticane is an unincorporated community in the Rural Municipality of Douglas No.
The line dividing them is roughly 69 degrees south.
The seat of the municipality is located in the village of Loon Lake.
There is no written source but Wheeler himself, now deceased told me this.
It is a few miles south of Spences Bridge, British Columbia.
The Posts of Opelousas and Rapides were established by the Spanish colonial government.
The naval base also has a heliport with the ICAO designator OKNB.
Mapped by United States Antarctic Service and by United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Access Slope".
Given this descriptive name by the Western Journey Party, led by Taylor, of the British Antarctic Expedition, 1910-13.
The name derives from the glacier tongue, which was named by Ernest Shackleton for A.E.
Tregarrick Mill is a hamlet in the parish of Pelynt, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
Fauquier is a community and former steamer landing in Central Kootenay in the Canadian province of British Columbia.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Mount Riley".
It was named in honor of Sir Peter Blake, who died in December 2001 during an environmental awareness expedition on the Amazon River.
Jomfruene is a group of three small tussock-covered islands and a number of barren rocks, lying 1 nautical mile west-northwest of Cape Paryadin, South Georgia.
Raspberry is a settlement in the West Kootenay region of British Columbia, Canada.
Listed as a designated place by Statistics Canada, the hamlet had a population of 15 in the Canada 2006 Census.
Bertwell is an unincorporated community in Saskatchewan.
The rocks are bare of vegetation and awash in heavy seas.
Charles Poulett Thomson, 1st Baron Sydenham, Sir Charles Bagot and Sir Charles Metcalfe lived at Alwington House.
Huggler Peak is a sharp snow-covered peak, 1,580 metres high, in the northern part of Anderson Massif, in the Heritage Range of the Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica.
It is part of the Ottawa–Streator Micropolitan Statistical Area, and at the 2000 census, the population was 354.
It is located in the central part of Saskatchewan, Canada along Highway 5 and 20 north of Regina and east of Saskatoon.
The reserve borders the Rural Municipalities of Shellbrook No.
The mill has no road access but can be accessed by boat, by foot or from Berney Arms railway station.
The post was created in December 1940 and named in honor of General Leonard Wood in January 1941.
The population was 25 in 1911, 174 by 1951 and 112 in 1956.
It is located on Mouse Islet to the north east of the Burin Peninsula between Grand Le Pierre and Goobies, 5km west of the Black River.
Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names after S. Edward Roos, oceanographer with the Byrd Antarctic Expeditions of 1928-30 and 1933-35.
The beach can be covered during spring tides.
The cave fills with water at high tide, but has a sandy floor and is explorable at low tide.
The Wanderer River is located to the north of the point.
The Squamish volcanic field is a small north-south trending volcanic field on the South Coast of British Columbia, Canada.
The drainage on the Alberta side is Healy Creek to the Bow River, then into the Saskatchewan River system to Lake Winnipeg and finally Hudson Bay.
A charter of Edward III confirming the possessions of Delapré Abbey mentions a place called Fawcliff near Braunston.
Mount Davis is a mountain located 1.6 km north of Mount Bentley and 2.4 km southeast of Mount Hale in the Sentinel Range, Antarctica.
In 1982 the population of Wiltondale had grown to 63.
Trevenson is a suburb of Redruth in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
It is 2,010 metres high, and rises between Mount Vito and Griffith Peak on the east side of Reedy Glacier.
It is currently used by multi-national forces including the United States which operates drones against Al-Shabaab militants.
The governorate has the second largest population in Jordan after Amman Governorate, and the highest population density in the country.
The Contrast Rocks are a small group of rocks 0.5 nautical miles east of Antarctic Point, along the north coast of South Georgia.
Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Earle B. Perkins, biologist with the Byrd Antarctic Expedition, 1933-35.
The area is currently the site of a few traditional Cornish houses and a large residential mobile home site, Tregatillian Homes Park.
Essentially rectangular in shape, it is bordered by almost vertical cliffs.
The largest cities in the region are Fresno, Modesto, Salinas, Visalia, Clovis, Merced, Turlock, Madera, Tulare, Porterville, and Hanford.
Trevarrian is a hamlet south of Mawgan Porth, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
It became a village in 1940, with a population of 640; by 1956 the population had dropped to 141.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Swann Glacier".
It was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1995 after Crispin Mark Jeremy Day, a long-serving British Antarctic Survey General Field Assistant.
Garden Cove has hiking trails passing by Big Rock Hill and Placentiamans Point.
The name dates back to at least 1920 and is now well established.
It has a land area of 12,220.29 km².
It is located in the town of Sandown in the English county and island of the Isle of Wight.
Almost all of the tools were made from purple and blue rhyolites that came from a source in Bonavista Bay roughly 145 kilometres to the north.
Additional facilities are a "computer resource room", a bookstore with gifts, and a restaurant.
It had a population of 182 in 1956.
Bird's Point is a community in Saskatchewan.
The River is named for its tannins-darkened water.
Pyramid Peak is a peak, 475 metres high, surmounting Cape Buller at the west side of the entrance to the Bay of Isles, South Georgia Island.
The Abbot Pass hut is an alpine hut located at an altitude of 2925 metres in Abbot Pass in the Rocky Mountains in Alberta, Canada.
Arthur Quiller-Couch refers to Summercourt fair in The Astonishing History of Troy Town.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Watson Peaks".
Higher Ninnes and Lower Ninnes are hamlets, south of Mulfra Hill in the civil parish of Madron in west Cornwall, England, UK.
Its ridge is separated from Mount Farrell to the south by Zmeevo Pass and overlooks Strinava Glacier to the east-southeast.
The Appalachian Trail goes along its summit, which is around 5,200 feet high.
It is part of the much larger Central System of mountain ranges.
Malpas lies within the Cornwall Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.
The town of Stranraer has a locally owned ski hill.
From 1907 he was a leader in the fight to introduce protective legislation for fur seals; fur seals breed on nearby Bird Island.
Waitt Peaks is a cluster of pointed peaks, mostly snow-covered, at the southwest end of a large horseshoe-shaped ridge.
The rural municipality maintains its office in Milestone, Saskatchewan.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Price Glacier".
Shipton Ridge is the main ridge forming the northeastern arm of the Allan Hills in Victoria Land.
Sabha is one of the districts of Libya.
It consists of two stratigraphic units known as the Pimainus Formation and the Spius Formation.
The farthest point of the peninsula is Jacobsen Head.
Burry Port Lifeboat Station first opened in 1887, with all funds coming from a legacy left by Mr and Mrs Barclay.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Mount Ratliff".
The Kappen Cliffs are steep rock cliffs that form the south edge of Kar Plateau on Scott Coast, Victoria Land, Antarctica.
The River Allen rises north of St Allen and flows southwards through the Idless Valley into Truro.
Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Lieutenant Robert M. Beazley, MC, U.S. Navy, officer in charge of the South Pole Station winter party, 1965.
The base is adjacent to the Port of Iskenderun.
Cold Northcott is a hamlet in Cornwall, England, UK.
Muchmore Valley is a valley 6 nautical miles long between Haskell Ridge and Colosseum Ridge in the Darwin Mountains of Antarctica.
Tertius is a sandbank located in the Heligoland Bight off the coast of Dithmarschen belonging to the German state of Schleswig-Holstein.
The Lazarev Mountains are a chain of mountains in Antarctica.
As of 2006, it had a population of 72,587, area of 31,890 sq.km and population density of 2.28 persons per sq.
Just below Hurricane Pass, a small glacier known as Schoolroom Glacier can be reached via a short side trail.
Pyne Glacier is a glacier east of Robson Glacier in the Gonville and Caius Range.
The park is a family recreation and activity center.
Bay Bulls is a natural bay off the island of Newfoundland in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
Renamed Beaubier to honour a young schoolteacher who died nursing the ill during the 1918 Spanish flu pandemic.
Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Floyd Virdin, construction mechanic at South Pole Station in 1967.
The base was named Firebase Cobra until the death of Capt.
It was discovered by the British National Antarctic Expedition, 1901–04, which named it for George R.M.
Mapped by USGS from ground surveys and USN air photos, 1959–65.
It is located 26 km north of Luseland on Grid Road 675.
East Beacon is the prominent eastern peak, rising to 2,265 metres in the Beacon Heights, in the Quartermain Mountains, Victoria Land.
On this basis, the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee recommended the present shortened form of the name.
In 1958, the Patience Lake mine was the first potash mine built in Canada.
Cape Fiske is a cape which forms the eastern tip of Smith Peninsula, on the east coast of Palmer Land, Antarctica.
This includes a large volcanic plateau in The Interior and three linear volcanic belts on The Coast.
The island takes its name from the family name of Keats who live in the Bonavista Bay areas.
It is located 40 km northwest of Regina, on the southern shore of Last Mountain Lake.
Norton Crag is a rock summit) in northeastern Halfway Nunatak, near the center of the upper Skelton Glacier.
Occupying the original territory of the British Royal Navy base known as HMS Jufair, USN presence was established on-site during World War II.
A National Trust house, Cotehele, lies north of St Dominic.
The settlement consists of a farm and converted cottages which are let as holiday accommodation.
Samson Island is a settlement in Newfoundland and Labrador.
Named by United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee for Brian J. Taylor, British Antarctic Survey geologist at Fossil Bluff station, 1961-63.
It is built of local Serpentinite stone and is situated in the hamlet of Landewednack, now a suburb of Lizard village.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Warburton Ledge".
Regina Centre is a former provincial electoral division in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.
It connected with a land line running via the Trereen valley, and by Burnewhall to Sheffield and on to Newlyn and Penzance.
It can be reached via a 3.2 km climbing trail which starts at Lake O'Hara and ascends approximately 250m.
Highway 367 and Highway 627 intersect in the town.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Murray Snowfield".
It is in the valley of the River Fowey between North Trekeive and South Trekeive.
It is situated about 2.4 kilometres north of Lytton.
2 miles east of Rama is the Spirit Creek Reservoir, the creek continues east.
From this viewpoint the waters stretch away towards Falmouth.
Adjacent to the park is located the Reinstein Woods Nature Preserve, a DEC protected area.
Specifically, the ferry is a reaction ferry, which is propelled by the current of the water.
Rosenberg Glacier is a steep, heavily crevassed glacier draining the west slopes of the Ames Range between Mount Kosciuszko and Mount Boennighausen, in Marie Byrd Land.
The population is 39,900 and is mostly composed of Tajik.
The Springdale Caldera is a large Early Silurian caldera in west-central Newfoundland, Canada.
Brazeau Creek forms the southern-most border of the Brazeau Bottom.
This line was named "Earl Granville's Line," and fell just north of 35½º north latitude.
In the last 100 years the station's rescue crews have received three RNLI awards for gallantry and three Blue Peter gold badges.
Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Richard D. Gillett, RM1, U.S. Navy, Radioman at South Pole Station, 1974.
The outcrops lie between Mount Tadpole and Mount Madison in the Churchill Mountains.
Each segment contains one of the three major volcanic zones.
The Seine River Diversion is a river diversion in Rainy River District in northwestern Ontario, Canada located near Atikokan.
Over the years its crews have won over 50 awards for gallantry the most recent being in 2000.
McSaveney Spur is a prominent rock spur 2 nautical miles northeast of Mount Bastion in the Willett Range of Victoria Land, Antarctica.
The island was previously owned by the Robartes of Lanhydrock who sold it to the Meyer family during the 1920s.
It is the post office and whistlestop-crossing on the historic Basque Ranch, one of the earliest ranches in the Interior of British Columbia.
Welltown is also a hamlet near Liskeard.
Mount Dawson is a sharp, pyramidal mountain located 4 km northwest of Mount Reimer in the north part of the Sentinel Range, Antarctica.
Ernest Harmon Air Force Base is a former United States Air Force base located in Stephenville, Newfoundland and Labrador.
Femme is an abandoned community in Newfoundland and Labrador.
A popular tourist destination in Durrell is the Durrell Museum, located on Museum Street.
Kakwa Pass,1570 m, is a mountain pass in the Canadian Rockies.
In addition, the farm produces traditional scrumpy cyder, reserve and classic cyder, with the latter made in second hand oak whiskey barrels.
Cunningham Peak is a mainly ice-covered peak, 2,170 metres high, at the head of Gowan Glacier along the Founders Escarpment, in the Heritage Range.
It has not been in operation since 2014 due to a lift malfunction of the Blue doublechair.
It had a population of 226 in 1921, 210 in 1940; 195 in 1951; and 209 in 1956.
Millendreath is a hamlet in the parish of Looe, Cornwall, England, situated two miles east of the town of Looe.
Pampero Pass is a snow pass at about 750 m, running north-south between Mount Edgell and Mistral Ridge in northwest Palmer Land.
Surveyed by the SGS in the period 1951-57.
The plateau is adjacent west of the Kaibab Plateau of the North Rim, with a basin containing the Kanab Creek watershed in between.
Shell Lake is a village in the boreal forest of central Saskatchewan, Canada.
Katepwa South is a hamlet in Abernethy Rural Municipality No.
After its closure in 1966, the airport facility became Grant County International Airport.
Maybe with the purpose of creating a contour that drains standing water to the sides of the fields.
Benson Bluff is a distinctive triangular rock bluff in Antarctica, about 1,300 metres high, at the west side of Ragotzkie Icefall in the Britannia Range.
The ferry is free of tolls and operates between 7:00 am and midnight, during the ice-free season.
St Columb Road is a small village near Fraddon and Indian Queens in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
There are 2 small businesses located in Schantzenfeld.
Murrish Glacier is a glacier about 15 nautical miles long on the east side of Palmer Land.
Mapped by United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1960-64.
But this explanation fails for the so-called "Newberry hotspot" track, which lies oblique to the motion of the craton.
The estimate terrain elevation above sea level is 1034 metres.
It is within Alberta's County of Vermilion River and Saskatchewan's Rural Municipality of Frenchman Butte No.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Shannon Point".
A third, alpine trail connects the East Opabin trail to nearby Lake Oesa.
Birkenhead Lake Provincial Park is accessed from the Gates Valley, via a turnoff up Blackwater Creek near the community of Gates.
A fictionalised version of Trelew is the hamlet used in the movie Arthur Christmas and is home to Gwen who has no Christmas presents.
It is part of the glacial divide between Valoga Glacier and Sikera Valley.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Windy Peak".
Mapped by United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos 1956-62.
It was named by the FIDS for Henryk Arctowski.
Newhaven Lifeboat Station is an RNLI station located in the town of Newhaven in the English county of East Sussex in the United Kingdom.
The interpretive centre is located in the Butala Homestead.
It is also home to the National Guard Patriot Academy, a program that gives potential recruits the chance to earn a high school diploma.
The Misfits' 1983 album Earth A.D. inaugurated this style and the bands Septic Death, The Banner, and Integrity have also been categorized into this subgenre.
Mount Rich is an isolated peak in the Brown Hills, 5 nautical miles northwest of Diamond Hill.
The Rural Municipality of The Gap No.39, Saskatchewan is a rural municipality in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.
The base is named for World War I aviator First Lieutenant John J. Goodfellow, Jr.
12 in southern Saskatchewan, Canada near the border with the US.
The peninsula is home to many communities, the largest is Baie Verte where it gets its name.
Handsley Valley is a small ice-free valley between Knobhead and Mount Handsley in the Quartermain Mountains of Victoria Land, Antarctica.
Mapped by United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1960-63.
Rocks within the caldera range in composition from basalt to rhyolite.
It is located in southeastern Saskatchewan and is within SARM Division No.
Jutting out into the Indian Ocean, it constitutes the easternmost point in Africa.
Croque is the name given by the English to Havre Du Croc.
it was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Lawrence A.
Mount Sumner is a mountain at the southeast end of the Rare Range, in Palmer Land.
The estuary of the River Hayle consists of a main channel, with several other nearby tidal areas, including Lelant Saltings, Copperhouse Creek and Carnsew Pool.
Dalton, Technical Officer of the Antarctic Division and second-in-charge of this expedition.
Beadle is an unincorporated community in Saskatchewan.
The Nisutlin Plateau is a plateau in northern British Columbia, Canada, extending from Teslin Lake to the Cassiar Mountains.
Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for George Widich, traverse engineer, Byrd Station winter party, 1960.
Stewart Strait is a strait 2 nautical miles wide between Bird Island and the Willis Islands, off the west end of South Georgia.
It is nicknamed the Peyto hut due to its proximity on the Peyto Glacier.
Glandford is in the civil parish of Wiveton within the district of North Norfolk.
Its highest point is Pico Almanzor, at 2,592 metres and it has been declared a natural park by the Autonomous Community of Castile and León.
At the time of its restoration by George Street in the 19th century, the church was cruciform with a western tower and south porch.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Mount Nickens".
Rozelle Bay is fed by Johnstons Creek and Whites Creek.
Plate Cove West is a village located west of Catalina.
King Island is a settlement in Newfoundland and Labrador.
Hodge's Cove was first called Hodge's Hole.
The Scotia Arc surrounds the small Scotia and South Sandwich Plates.
The docks are served by the Falmouth Docks railway station.
It previously held the status of village until December 31, 1985.
The Par River, also known as the Luxulyan River is a river draining the area north of St Blazey in Cornwall, in the United Kingdom.
Bloomfield is located on the east coast of Newfoundland, approximately 230 kilometers from the capital city of St. John’s and approximately 95 kilometers from Bonavista.
The beach is 9.1 miles south west of the village of Aljezur, and is 66.6 miles north west, by road, from the regions capital of Faro.
It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names in 1994 after David R. Marchant, a glacial geologist at the University of Maine.
Discovered by members of East Base of the United States Antarctic Service who explored this coast by land and from the air in 1940.
Horse Bluff is a coastal bluff at the west side of the Tindley Peaks, on the Rymill Coast of Palmer Land, Antarctica, overlooking George VI Sound.
Riviera Ridge is a ridge of Antarctica.
It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Gouke M. Leek, a glaciologist at Byrd Station, summer 1965–66.
It is most easily accessed in the north portion of The Petrified Forest National Park.
The eastern end of this coast was discovered from the air during flights of the United States Antarctic Service and the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition.
It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names in association with Mount England.
Fremont Island, at 2,943.04 acres, is an island located in Great Salt Lake in the U.S. state of Utah.
Access is via Porth Nanven beach, 500m along the coast to the north.
Marine Barracks Washington and the Historic Home of the Commandants were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
It was charted in 1930 by Discovery Investigations personnel on the Discovery II who named it for Captain C.A.
Mount Schimansky is a ridge-like mountain 6 nautical miles northwest of Heintz Peak of the Welch Mountains, in Palmer Land.
Some locals have returned to the area to build cottages.
Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for John T. Saunders, electronics technician, Byrd Station winter party, 1960.
The bay runs in 6.5 miles, with an average width of 0.75 miles, and has deep water throughout.
Named by the FIDS for Sir George C. Simpson.
It is located midway along the north shore of the lake of the same name, which is to the south of the town of Burns Lake
It is named after the town of Grasmere in northern England's Lake District.
The feature rises to 1700 m in the east near Reeves Bluffs and descends to 1400 m in the west.
Dome Creek is a community located between Prince George and McBride in central British Columbia.
The peak is on the west side of Bally Glacier, 8 nautical miles east-southeast of Pyramid Mountain.
It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey in 1974.
There is a Cornish cross in the village.
Victoria Cove, Newfoundland is situated on the west side of Gander Bay, near the town of Gander.
There is a length of fine sand which runs in an east-north-east direction.
It is part of the Rural Municipality of Elmsthorpe No.
Mount Bockheim is a peak, 2749 m, at the northwest end of Maine Ridge in Royal Society Range.
Quite a large number of the first settlers were German.
There is a very large oil refinery near the capital.
Lowry Massif is a compact block of ridgelines without a prominent culminating summit, rising to about 1,800 metres on the south side of Byrd Glacier, Antarctica.
His survey and astronomical fixes included the mapping of this point and resulted in considerable improvements to the existing maps of South Georgia.
Deserters Canyon is a canyon on the Finlay River in the Northern Interior of British Columbia, Canada.
It is situated in North Petherwin civil parish about half-a-mile north of North Petherwin village, five miles north-west of Launceston.
Since its closure, the base has largely been annexed by the City of Mesa.
Butter Pot incorporates both day-use and overnight camping facilities, and in winter months provides groomed cross-country ski trails.
It was discovered in 1957 by the New Zealand Northern Survey Party of the Commonwealth Trans-Antarctic Expedition and named by them in association with Fry Glacier.
The front limestone retaining wall and fountain on the east side of this newer home are all that remains of Alwington House.
Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Lieutenant Peter W. Schmehl, U.S. Navy Reserve, Navigator in LC-130F Hercules aircraft during Operation Deep Freeze 1968.
However the National Trust does charge for car parking at Lodge Park, Stackpole Quay, Bosherston and Broad Haven South beach from spring through to October.
Blakeney Tower Windmill, built in 1769, is located on Friar Farm just to the east of the village of Blakeney in the English county of Norfolk.
The reserve is administered by the Ashcroft Indian Band of the Nlaka'pamux people.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Passel Pond".
First ascent by the Australian-Chilean team of Damien Gildea on 31 December 2006.
It was so named by a 1989–90 New Zealand Antarctic Research Program field party.
The Smoke Creek Desert is southwest of the Black Rock Desert's South Playa and is between the Granite Range and the Fox Range.
It was named by the Darwin Glacier Party of the Commonwealth Trans-Antarctic Expedition for its similarity to the circle of an opera house.
The feature was charted and named by DI personnel in 1929.
Elk Hill is a hamlet in Saskatchewan.
The name was proposed by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee for Derek R. Gipps, a Senior Executive Officer with the British Antarctic Survey, 1961–73.
Fiddler's Green is an expeditionary fire base in Afghanistan built by the United States Marine Corps.
It is a very old mining village first build by the Davy family you can see traces of its past from places like "Davy's Row".
First mapped by the British Antarctic Expedition and named in association with Mackay Glacier.
Tregoose is a house near Grampound in Cornwall, England, UK.
The name, applied by United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1971, refers to the acrid volcanic fumes emitted on the west side of the island.
It terminates in Mount Isherwood at the north side of the Kohler Range, Marie Byrd Land.
AuRico Metals is actively implementing permits for a block caving mine.
Cheeks Nunatak is the largest and southernmost of three nunataks located 12 nautical miles northwest of the Merrick Mountains, in Palmer Land.
Smeaton, Saskatchewan is the village at the start of the Hanson Lake Road, which ends at Creighton.
Discovered and photographed from the air by the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition, 1947-48.
The nearest village is Sant Carles de Peralta which is 2.4 miles south west of the beach.
Lally Cove was a settlement located north of Belleoram.
Blackface is a form of theatrical makeup used predominantly by non-black performers to represent a black person.
By the 2000 the base was home to the 54 Division of the Sri Lanka Army.
Canterbury Spur is a flat-topped ridge leading north from the north face of Mount Glossopteris, 1.3 nautical miles east of Discovery Ridge, Ohio Range.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Spike Cape".
It is the largest island in the Placentia Bay.
Mapped by United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1959-66.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Pillow Rock".
Potassium–argon dating has indicated both shields formed during the Miocene epoch, with volcanism at Hutt Peak occurring as recently as 0.49 million years ago.
It is in the civil parish of Stithians
Most of Eights Coast is not claimed by any nation, like Marie Byrd Land, the large region west of it.
The falls and creek are fed by Arctomys Lake.
The Chyandour Brook rises near Carfury and flows into Mount's Bay at Chyandour.
They were named allusively by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1987.
The namesake of the valley was Will Haylmore, Mining Sub-Recorder for the Bridge River Mines District.
Trevanson is a small hamlet in north Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
It had two locations during its existence.
Rutland is a village located mostly in LaSalle County that stretches into Marshall County, Illinois, United States.
Ridge Cone is a cinder cone in northern British Columbia, Canada.
Zonda Glacier is a glacier about 8 miles long, flowing west-southwest between Fohn Bastion and Zonda Towers into George VI Sound.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Mount Ward".
Trerulefoot is a village in southeast Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
The feature was named "Pinguinbucht" from the large penguin rookery observed there by the Swedish Antarctic Expedition, 1901-04.
Fraddon is a village in mid Cornwall, England, United Kingdom, in the parish of St Enoder.
Public transportation to the airport is Sun Tran bus routes No.
Markham Island is a small but conspicuous island lying just off Oscar Point in the northern part of Terra Nova Bay, Victoria Land, Antarctica.
Baker Point is a headland at the south side of the entrance to Explorers Cove, New Harbour, McMurdo Sound, on Scott Coast, Victoria Land.
It was surveyed by the South Georgia Survey in the period 1951–57, and named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee for Morgens E.W.
The feature appears on charts dating back to the 1930s.
North Shore Fishing Lake is a hamlet in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.
Mount Frontz is a prominent mountain in the western Wisconsin Range, Antarctica.
A hanging glacier, it terminates on the north wall of Wright Valley.
Tredethy is a house and estate in the civil parish of St Mabyn, Cornwall, UK, at Grid reference SX 06 71.
Brake's Cove is an abandoned community in Newfoundland and Labrador.
The name appears on a chart based upon surveys of South Georgia by DI personnel in the period 1926-30.
Its shape is interrupted by long jagged rocks that jut out into the ocean on the north side of the island called Nervous Rocks.
Cul De Sac East was a settlement in Newfoundland and Labrador.
The community of Grandmother's Bay, an extension of the Lac La Ronge First Nation, lies approximately 5 miles to the northeast, directly across Otter Lake.
Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Arthur D. Warren, auroral scientist at Ellsworth Station in 1958.
As of the 2000 census, the base had a total population of 8,413.
It is located southeast of Alexis Creek, on the north side of the Chilcotin River.
Boxey is a settlement in Newfoundland and Labrador.
It was named by the University of Minnesota Geological Party, 1963–64, for Major Joseph Dobbratz, a United States Marine Corps pilot who supported the party.
It was mapped by the Victoria University of Wellington Antarctic Expedition and named for Professor L.R.
The lost village of Onley is located within the parish of Barby in the English county of Northamptonshire.
It was discovered by members of West Base of the United States Antarctic Service, in aerial flights and from ground surveys in November–December 1940.
In 2000, the center merged with nearby Naval Air Station Point Mugu to form Naval Base Ventura County.
It joins the Muskwa River to form the Fort Nelson River northeast of the town of Fort Nelson.
The "Longstone" was a standing stone which was broken up for gateposts around 1850.
Carnkief Pond is a Site of Special Scientific Interest in Cornwall, England, UK.
Strickland Nunatak is a large nunatak between Savage Nunatak and Spear Nunatak at the head of Reedy Glacier.
The site is on Cemetery Hill's east-northeast slope, east of the summit of the Baltimore Pike.
It stands 6.5 nautical miles west of Spike Cape, Victoria Land.
It is situated one mile south of Godolphin Cross and three miles northwest of Helston; it is northeast of Tregonning Hill.
105 Mile Post 2 is an Indian reserve in the Thompson Country of the Interior of British Columbia, Canada, just west of the town of Ashcroft.
Camp Atienza serves as the headquarters of the 51st Engineering Brigade.
Mount Bowlin is a mountain, 2,230 metres high, standing between the mouths of Van Reeth Glacier and Robison Glacier in the Queen Maud Mountains.
With a length of approximately 35 km and a width at its widest point of 9 km, it is situated about 6 km from Presque.
Kraken Cove is the largest cove at Candlemas Island, South Sandwich Islands, indenting the north coast of the island just west of Demon Point.
Canoe Forest Products Ltd. operates a plywood plant in the community.
Puke Toropa Mountain is a mountain in Antarctica; its name is a Maori name meaning "circular hill."
The glacier is named after the Bulgarian High School of Bolgrad, a major Bulgarian education centre in Ukraine established in 1858.
The bakery at Redbournbury Mill reopened to the public in July 2006, and 2007 has seen the introduction of periodic bakery courses at the mill bakery.
The area received considerable damage during the Soviet invasion.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Paget Glacier".
His son John became member of Parliament for the borough of Bossiney in the parliaments of 1614 and 1621–22 and died in 1623.
Mapped by United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy aerial photographs, 1961–68, and Landsat imagery, 1973-74.
The glacier is named after the seaside locality of Arapya in Southeastern Bulgaria.
The lifeboat was handed over to the RNLI at a ceremony in September, 2013.
Pirner Point is a point marking the north side of the entrance to Little Moltke Harbor in Royal Bay, South Georgia.
Discovery Bluff is a conspicuous headland forming the west side of the entrance to Avalanche Bay in Granite Harbour, Victoria Land.
Listed as a designated place by Statistics Canada, the hamlet had a population of 20 in the Canada 2006 Census.
Forsythe Bluff is a bluff rising to more than 2,500 metres along the west edge of the Daniels Range, in the Usarp Mountains of Antarctica.
It is situated in the civil parish of Wendron half-a-mile south of Wendron village, two miles north of Helston.
Ryan Glacier is a glacier, 2 nautical miles long, flowing west to the head of Ice Fjord, South Georgia.
It is located at the head of Ryder Glacier in western Palmer Land, about 27 nautical miles east-northeast of Gurney Point.
Mount Herr is a peak, 1,730 metres high, located 5 nautical miles northwest of Mount Gould in the Tapley Mountains of Antarctica.
Kestle is an ancient village originally named Kestell predating King John but not listed in Domesday.
The Army outpost was used to provide a presence next to the Grand Ronde Agency Coastal Reservation.
Benoits Siding is a settlement in Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
Significant areas of the camp are Sites of Special Scientific Interest.
There are a number of foul patches on the southern part of the shoal.
Halle Flat is a relatively flat area just southward of Coxcomb Peak in the Allan Hills of Victoria Land, Antarctica.
Ambepussa Army Camp is a military base located in Ambepussa, the Sabaragamuwa Province of Sri Lanka.
The highway is on the west side of the lake and the community is on the east side.
Ogo-dour Cove is a small cove located at grid reference SW 667 157.
The peak is named after Named after Fisek Hill in Northeastern Bulgaria.
Nash, of Pittsburgh, PA, a contributor to the expedition.
"Canim" means a type of large canoe in the Chinook Jargon.
Two private boats performed a dramatic rescue and all 21 people were saved.
Total production was 120,704 tons of ore grading 8.97% zinc, 4.73% lead, and 1.74 oz./ton silver.
Russkaya Station was established on Cape Burks by the Soviet Union in 1980.
Tremedda is a hamlet in the parish of Zennor, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
It is reached by U.S. Route 52 on the American side and Saskatchewan Highway 39 on the Canadian side.
Mintz Peak is a small peak rising above the southeast corner of Mount Hartigan in the Executive Committee Range, Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.
Dunes in the desert are low, eroded, widely spaced and positioned parallel to each other.
Vogel Peak is a peak, 1,350 m, rising 1.5 nautical miles southeast of Ross Pass in the Salvesen Range of South Georgia.
Mount Clara is a peak rising to about 790 metres to the east of Mount Normann and south of Larsen Harbour, in southeast South Georgia.
In addition to its role of hauling men and supplies, the "Connie" flew many hours of aerial photography over Antarctica.
194 is a rural municipality in Saskatchewan, Canada encompassing 1,014.10 square kilometers in area.
The ice-filled rift valley is connected to the ocean and is believed to impact ice loss on the West Antarctic Ice Sheet.
Penwithick has a small local shop which also has a sub post office, a social club as well as a premises selling fish & chips.
Sample Nunataks is a cluster of nunataks located at the convergence point of the Lovejoy and Harlin Glaciers, in the Usarp Mountains.
Bayview Heights is a hamlet in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.
Today, one can see Lockie's face painted in a mural on the side of local pizza establishment, Louis Gees in Corner Brook, Newfoundland and Labrador.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Sarnoff Mountains".
The name is derived from the position of the ridge relative to West Aisle Ridge, East Aisle Ridge, and its proximity to The Stage.
The peak is named after the settlement of Stikal in Southern Bulgaria.
Restitution Point is a point marking the north side of the entrance to South Bay in Prince Olav Harbor, on the north coast of South Georgia.
Mapped by United States Antarctic Service and by United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos.
4, Saskatchewan, Canada, is one of the eighteen Census divisions within the province, as defined by Statistics Canada.
Two arches were washed away by storm-water in 1839 and the bridge was consequently repaired with only one arch.
JGSDF Camp Fuji(Japanese: 富士駐屯地), namesake of this installation, is located 2.5 miles north of the USMC base.
The feature was first photographed from the air by Lincoln Ellsworth in November 1935, and its southern portion was plotted from these photos by W.L.G.
In 1872 land was bought for a chapel.
The feature is part of a nunatak group discovered and photographed from the air by Lincoln Ellsworth in November 1935.
Surveyed in 1957 by the New Zealand Blue Glacier Party of the Commonwealth Trans-Antarctic Expedition.
Discovered by the Discovery expedition and named for Otto Nordenskjöld.
Thomas Merritt, who composed several Christmas carols, including "Hark the Glad Sound!
Although the ranch has been through troubles since, it has very recently been rehabilitated to its former glory by the Protea South African Hotel chain.
Truax Field was named in honor of Wisconsin native Lieutenant Thomas L. Truax, who was killed in a P-40 training accident in November 1941.
Thompson Escarpment is a steep east-facing escarpment, 8 nautical miles long, located at the head of Flanagan Glacier in the Pioneer Heights, Heritage Range.
The name The Breakwater was probably given by Lieutenant Commander J.M.
It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names in 1982, after John B.
The feature is surrounded by the flow of the Rankin and Cline Glaciers, 3 nautical miles west of Rowley Massif.
It was named by F. Ronne after W.W. Ward of Beaumont, Texas, editor of the Beaumont Journal and a supporter of the expedition.
Passing through the wonderland of colors, they named the area "El Desierto Pintado" - The Painted Desert.
Gorlitz is a hamlet in southeastern Saskatchewan.
The no contact rule is the longer established concept of the two.
Within Canada, the name term Belly River Group is more widely used for what is essentially the same stratigraphic interval as the Judith River.
First surveyed in 1936 by the British Graham Land Expedition under Rymill.
St Michael Caerhays is a civil parish and village in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
The population was 890 at the 2010 census.
"Shoemaker" is an old sailors' name for the Cape hen, a bird which breeds on Bird Island.
The post office closed on October 13, 1967 due to de-population.
The base was used as a refuelling and stores point for RAN ships travelling between Australia and South East Asia.
Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Erik Syrstad, ionospheric physicist at South Pole Station, 1970.
It is situated three miles east of Callington and two miles west of Calstock village in Calstock civil parish.
Mikado is located at the intersection of Highway 5 and Highway 754.
Hoop Cove was a small locality located northeast of Belleoram.
Burrell was Minister of Agriculture and resided in the Grand Forks area.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Yochelson Ridge".
150 Mile House was an important stop on the Cariboo Wagon Road during the Cariboo Gold Rush.
It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names in 1994 in association with Koettlitz Glacier.
The beach of Praia do Penedo is inside the Vicentine Coast Natural Park, an area of outstanding natural beauty.
It is located seven miles south east of Cudworth, Saskatchewan in the rural municipality of Hoodoo 401.
Silk, RNZN, commanding officer of HMNZS Endeavour II in Antarctic waters, 1963-64.
Deer Island was a small place with only one family in the Bonavista area circa 1864.
The Indira Gandhi Canal is one of the largest canal projects in India.
HMS Tamar was the name for the British Royal Navy's base in Hong Kong from 1897 to 1997.
Smith's Harbour is a settlement in Newfoundland and Labrador.
The narrow upper surface is capped by ice but rock is exposed at many points along abrupt cliffs.
Camborne Urban District was an urban district in Cornwall, England, based on Camborne.
The word Cholistan is derived from the Turkic word chol, meaning desert.
The peak was probably seen on an aerial flight by the Byrd Antarctic Expedition.
It is situated on British Columbia Highway 97 approximately halfway between Dawson Creek and Chetwynd.
141 is a rural municipality in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.
Descriptively named from the tigerlike stripes by a 1989-90 New Zealand Antarctic Research Program field party.
The hamlet contains a pub, petrol station business park and Roche railway station.
Almost a third of Cornwall has AONB designation, with the same status and protection as a National Park.
Discovery Glacier is a broad glacier, 9 nautical miles long, between Hurricane Ridge and Mount Discovery on the Scott Coast, Victoria Land.
The Armenian Highlands is the central-most and highest of three land-locked plateaus that together form the northern sector of the Middle East.
It was charted and named in 1930 by Discovery Investigations personnel on the Discovery II.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Webb Peak".
Eights Coast to the east is already part of Ellsworth Land.
It is geochronologically equivalent to the Lower Colorado Group and the Viking Formation in central Alberta.
Fenton has a long history dating back to Anglo-Metis settlement before the Northwest Rebellion.
Known as Trincomalee Fortress during World War II.
Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Thomas R. Thurston, United States Antarctic Research Program meteorologist at Byrd Station in 1965.
SAS Saldanha is a South African Navy training base in Saldanha Bay.
Originally known as Hi-Catoctin, Camp David was built as a camp for federal government agents and their families by the WPA.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Outpost Nunataks".
Bangor Air National Guard Base is a United States Air National Guard base.
Maple Bush, Saskatchewan tourism attracts many visitors each summer due to the lake to which it is connected and the provincial park known as Douglas Park.
The name, which probably was given by early whalers, dates back to at least 1912.
It lies 335 km south west of the nearest large town, Alice Springs, 450 km by road.
Lockie MacDougall, a farmer and trapper, was born in 1896 and lived at Wreckhouse.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Soto Glacier".
The area includes the hamlets of Boskednan and Bodrifty, a former Iron Age settlement.
Lynstone is a hamlet near Bude in north Cornwall, England.
In June 1964 an expedition sponsored by the Government of Newfoundland, Memorial University of Newfoundland and the College of Fisheries explored the Virgin Rocks.
Members of the East Base of the United States Antarctic Service explored this coast in 1940.
It previously held the status of village until January 1, 2002.
Their confluence is south of the city of Fernie, British Columbia near the base of Fernie Alpine Resort.
In 1940 it had a population of 389.
It is located about 5 kilometres from the Alberta-Saskatchewan border.
This article is about the headland on South Georgia.
498 in the province of Saskatchewan, Canada.
Mapped by the United States Geological Survey from tellurometer surveys and Navy air photos, 1960–62.
The sea walls can still be seen including the sluice gate but the wheel is long gone.
It is continental Europe's westernmost capital city and the only one along the Atlantic coast.
Gitanyow was formerly named Kitwancool as was the Indian Reserve it is located on.
It is situated approximately 5 miles west of Padstow.
Chynhale is a house near Callestick in mid Cornwall, England.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Sutley Peak".
It was charted by Discovery Investigations personnel in 1926–30, and so named because a low rock lies off the point.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Shimmering Icefield".
So named by Nichols because the stream was located south of the U.S. Navy installations in the Marble Point area.
It is on the A395 road two miles southeast of Hallworthy.
Mount Waterhouse is a mountain rising above 1800 m, at the north west extreme of the All-Blacks Nunataks, west of the Churchill Mountains.
Weirdale is about 48 km north-east of Prince Albert, Saskatchewan along Highway 55.
The Cataract Gorge is a river gorge in Launceston, Tasmania, Australia, approximately 1.5 km from the city centre.
The icefall nourishes the Garfield Glacier near the coast of Marie Byrd Land.
To the south is the beach of Kenneggy Sands and to the north the hamlet of Kenneggy Downs.
The plateau rises gently toward the northwest to the heights of Mount Marston.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Scott Coast".
Named by the New Zealand Victoria University of Wellington Antarctic Expedition, 1960-61.
Portage is a borough with home rule status in Cambria County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Industries on the island included cod, salmon, herring, and seal fisheries, as well as logging and a sawmill.
It was the site for major volcanic activity in the Barremian–Aptian period.
Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Rudolph D. Terrazas, builder at South Pole Station in 1967.
Parkview is a hamlet in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.
Aviron Bay is natural bay on the island of Newfoundland in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
Williamson Head is a prominent cape 6 nautical miles west-northwest of Drake Head on the coast of Antarctica.
Mylor Creek is a tidal ria in south Cornwall, United Kingdom.
The glacier is named after the Bulgarian rebel leader Vidul Voyvoda.
Big Shell is a community in Saskatchewan.
It was built in 1914 by the Grand Trunk Pacific Railway.
Treloquithack is a hamlet northeast of Helston, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
Mount Hughes is a mountain, 2,250 metres high, midway between Mount Longhurst and Tentacle Ridge in the Cook Mountains of Antarctica.
RAFO Musannah is a Royal Air Force of Oman air base located 26.5 miles south west of Barka, Al Batinah South, Oman.
This moraine was charted by the Swedish Antarctic Expedition, 1901–04, under Nordenskjöld.
The value of the manor was 15 shillings though it had formerly been worth £2 sterling.
Located 10 miles south-west of Mile 147, Pink Mountain Provincial Park is one of the region's designated areas for wildlife.
Owen Peak is a peak standing inland from Hilton Inlet, eastern Palmer Land, on the south side of Gruening Glacier.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Peters Butte".
According to the 2001 Statistics Canada Census:
The population density of the district was 1.86 persons per sq.
Part of it was called Le Petit Maistre.
He negotiated a rent of a shilling per annum for four hectares of land at Ducloz Head, and paid ten years rent in advance.
Glentworth is a smaller community in Saskatchewan.
Listed as a designated place by Statistics Canada, the hamlet had a population of 18 in the Canada 2006 Census.
The river was named by fur traders of the Hudson's Bay Company for the Secwepemc Chief Pacamoos and nicknamed Tranquil for his quiet easy manner.
It is one mile south of Mevagissey and six miles south of St Austell.
Lockwood is located on Highway 20 15 km north of the Town of Nokomis.
Crescent Island is a small, roughly crescent-shaped island lying close south of Mollyhawk Island in the Bay of Isles, South Georgia.
The plateau covers the Huzur, Sirmaur and Mauganj tehsils of Rewa district.
The Murray Premises was renovated in 1979 and now contains office suites, restaurants, retail stores and, most recently, a boutique hotel.
It rises above the ice surface 6 nautical miles east-southeast of the summit of Mount Jackson in the eastern part of Palmer Land.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Walker Spur".
The lake is contaminated with domestic sewage and waste water through one drain located on the north-eastern side.
The population was 279 in 1951 and 289 in 1956.
Robertson Massif is a rugged, mainly ice-covered massif, 7 miles long, located north of Pa Tio Tio Gap.
Created by Adolf Neilsen and funded by the Newfoundland government.
Mount Liard is a peak 6 nautical miles east of Mount Durnford in the Churchill Mountains of Antarctica.
It is a town rich in history, as it sits along the Gold Rush Trail.
Gainsborough Creek is a tributary of the Souris River in southeastern Saskatchewan and southwestern Manitoba.
The ridge has a discontinuous appearance because of low ice cols between its peaks.
Day Nunatak is a nunatak appearing within the main ice cap of Snow Hill Island, 2.8 kilometres north of Dingle Nunatak.
Its Little Creek location in Virginia Beach, Virginia totals 2,120 acres acres of land.
The distance between these points is 5400 meters.
A ridge of exposed dark rock named Blackrock Ridge runs west-southwest–east-northeast, 1.5 nautical miles north of Penguin Point.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Rim Glacier".
The Painted Desert continues north into the Navajo Nation where off-road travel is by permit.
Mount McCrory is a mountain 2 nautical miles east-southeast of Mount Vance in the eastern part of the Ickes Mountains, Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.
It was deactivated on 1 February 1961.
529 before changing its name to the RM of Greenfield No.
They will play their first season in division five of the Duchy League.
Mapped by the United States Geological Survey in 1974.
Cecil Lake is a farming community 20 minutes east of Fort Saint John.
Founded in 1826, it is the oldest continuing Lutheran seminary in the United States.
The glacier is named after the settlement of Obelya in Western Bulgaria, now part of the city of Sofia.
The museum displays artifacts including cannon, firearms, and uniforms, and includes an exhibit gallery and theater.
The name Horse Head, recommended by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1954, is an English form of "Hestes Hode", applied by sealers and whalers.
Hewison Point is a point which forms the east side of Ferguson Bay and the southeast end of Thule Island, in the South Sandwich Islands.
The composer Graham Fitkin was born here.
It flows southwestward down Cristianitos Canyon, then turns south towards its confluence with San Mateo Creek, at an elevation of 75 feet, in San Diego County.
Primate is a special service area within the Rural Municipality of Eye Hill No.
The heights are encompassed by the flow of the Crosswell, Ellen, and Dater Glaciers, with their interior drained also by Pulpudeva and Strinava Glaciers.
It is named after Milan Ichev, geologist and builder at St. Kliment Ohridski base in 2000/01 and subsequent seasons.
It was discovered by a British expedition under James Cook in 1775.
The desert is relatively small, occupying about 1,250 square kilometres.
Young Hill is a hill in Antarctica.
It is on the A330 main road between Sithney and Helston.
Steel Peak is a high peak 1.5 nautical miles north of Mount Nordhill in the east ridge of the Welch Mountains of Palmer Land.
Named after the Soviet spacecraft Soyuz 13 of December 18, 1973.
2,107 m, is a mountain pass on the border between the Canadian provinces of Alberta and British Columbia, in the area of the Ball Range.
Ivany's Cove is a settlement in Newfoundland and Labrador.
O'Connor Peak is a mountain peak, 675 m, standing west of Long Point on Barff Peninsula, South Georgia.
The Neck is a settlement near Elliston, Newfoundland and Labrador.
RAAF Base Rathmines was a Royal Australian Air Force base located on Lake Macquarie in New South Wales.
The ore was then transported by tram railways over the cliffs to boats.
The castle fell into disrepair due to lack of maintenance, while the Spanish dominance and the iconoclastic fury further worsened its condition.
Skegness Lifeboat Station is an RNLI operated lifeboat station located in the town of Skegness in the English county of Lincolnshire.
Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for William L. Stockton, United States Antarctic Research Program biologist at Palmer Station in 1972.
A series of plateaux runs along the Kaimur Range.
Landing Zone Uplift is a former U.S. Army base north of Phù Mỹ in Vietnam.
Salient Nunatak is a prominent cusp-shaped nunatak which stands out from the north side of Ohio Range, Horlick Mountains, 3 nautical miles northeast of Mount Glossopteris.
It also supports navy personnel posted to other locations throughout the greater Sydney region.
Treworthal is a hamlet in the parish of Philleigh, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
Almost a third of Cornwall has AONB designation, with the same status and protection as a National Park.
Over the course of a week, the frozen carcass was extracted using steam, axes, and picks.
Los Angeles Air Force Base is a non-flying United States Air Force Base located in El Segundo, California.
Sabrina Valley is an ice-free valley between Pontes Ridge and Sabrina Ridge in the Britannia Range.
It was named after the Finnish concept of sisu, meaning a sense of steadfast, rugged perseverance.
Mount Blick is a conical peak rising to over 1400 m in the north extremity of Carlstrom Foothills, Churchill Mountains.
Mapped by United States Geological Survey in 1974.
183 is a rural municipality in Saskatchewan, Canada encompassing 1,006.68 square kilometers in area.
The rural municipality has within its boundaries the villages of Odessa, Sedley, and Vibank.
The hamlet is located 20 km west of the Town of Eston on highway 44 along the Canadian National Railway subdivision.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Perseus Peak".
Charted and named by DI personnel in the period 1925-29.
The current Lifeboat on station is a D-class, the Evelyn M, named after Evelyn Murdoch whose charitable trust paid for the construction of the vessel.
It was named by the New Zealand Geographic Board in 1994 following work in the area by a New Zealand Geological Survey field party, 1977–78.
It was decommissioned in 1964 and became the initial facility to house the Canadian Coast Guard College that same year.
It is between Three Burrows and Coldharbour and southeast of Goonbell.
The Rooms is a settlement near Galeville, Newfoundland and Labrador.
Mount Mende is a nunatak 0.5 nautical miles southwest of Mount Lanzerotti, rising to about 1,500 metres in the Sky-Hi Nunataks of Ellsworth Land, Antarctica.
The peak was reidentified by comparing Ellsworth's photograph with those taken in 1959 by the U.S. Navy.
Bartrum Glacier is a small steeply crevassed glacier in the Brown Hills, flowing west between Bowling Green Plateau and Blank Peaks.
It reopened in 1967 under its present name, and serves the area in St Bride's Bay surrounding Little Haven and Broad Haven resorts.
They were mapped by the United States Antarctic Service and by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos.
Blake Massif is a compact block of ridgelines without a prominent culminating summit, rising to approximately 1,800 metres on the south side of Byrd Glacier.
Seay Peak is a pointed ice-free peak, 1,805 m, the northeasternmost summit in the Finger Ridges, Cook Mountains.
It has now been rented by companies from Russia linked to state-owned Gazprom .
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Otago Spur".
The canyon is accessed by way of the Open Canyon Trail.
The island comprises sand dunes, salt marsh, intertidal sand and mud flats, and shingle.
The community will feature a "neighbourhood village", an area of mixed-use commercial buildings and public space.
Tripp Ice Tongue is an ice tongue that occupies the north half of Tripp Bay on the coast of Victoria Land.
St Cleer is a civil parish and village in east Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
Discovered by a Russian expedition under Bellingshausen in 1820.
The island has been designated as a Specially Protected Area by the South Georgia Government, due to its rat-free status and breeding wandering albatrosses.
It carries a maximum of 2 cars and 12 passengers at a time.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Sprocket Glacier".
No Arun-class lifeboats have been stationed at Littlehampton.
Similar to a high water mark of water, the term is a reference to arguably the Confederate Army's best chance of achieving victory in the war.
It carries a maximum of 2 cars and 12 passengers at a time.
Rosita Harbor is a small bay lying 1 mile north of Camp Bay in the west side of the Bay of Isles, South Georgia.
In 2006 the community had a population of 125 people.
The hamlet used to be home to its own winery and a blacksmith's and is now almost entirely residential.
Indian Burying Place is a settlement in Newfoundland and Labrador.
Osage is a village in Fillmore Rural Municipality No.
Wooddale is a settlement in Newfoundland and Labrador.
The Englishman merchant Anthony de la Roché discovered South Georgia in 1675.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Pegasus Mountains".
Its population had fallen to 13 by 1991, to 8 in 1996, and to 5 by 2001).
Ostrusha Nunatak is the rocky hill of elevation 1100 m projecting from the ice cap in the northeastern periphery of Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica.
It surmounts the peninsula that is bounded by Tomilin Glacier and Noll Glacier on the west and the Gillett Ice Shelf on the east.
It had a population of 357 in 1956.
According to Statistics Canada, it had a population of 79 in 2011, with 45 private dwellings.
The station was reclassified as unmanned by Canadian National in 1954.
The base comprises four locations in three states, including almost 12,000 acres of real estate.
Nilsen Island is a small island lying 1.5 nautical miles west of the north part of Novosilski Bay, off the south coast of South Georgia.
The senior headquarters at the camp has seen many changes.
From 1959 to 1965, Mooney served as Deputy United States Antarctic Projects Officer.
Its principal function is the delivery of both New Entry Training & Basic Training.
It is the nesting ground of many Atlantic seabirds such as the Leach's storm-petrel and black-legged kittiwake.
A high-powered Wireless Transmitting Station was built in 1939 and also the construction of fuelling facilities, boom depot and improvements to Darwin's water supply.
As well, the municipality provides policing, fire protection and municipal governance for the rural district, with a reeve as its administrator.
Approximately 1 mile out to sea are the Brisons, a pair of small islands to which an annual swim is held.
Dozmary Pool outfalls into the lake and the lake's own outfall forms one of the tributaries of the River Fowey.
The population of Black Point is 47 and is led by Mayor Annette Petit.The northern settlement is an unincorporated community in the Northern Saskatchewan Administration District.
Deserters Creek and Deserters Peak are in the same area and has the same name-origin.
Novocin Peak is one of the Bean Peaks, located near the southeast end of this group, in the Hauberg Mountains, Palmer Land.
Trelan lies within the Cornwall Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.
The widely visited UNESCO World Heritage Site of Leptis Magna is also located in the district.
Trewithian lies within the Cornwall Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.
Nils Larsen Glacier is a glacier descending to the west coast of Peter I Island close northward of Norvegia Bay.
But, cultivation of cotton and corn were the staple crops supporting the Ray family.
Cape Lázara is the northernmost point of Snow Hill Island, which lies off the Antarctic Peninsula.
Historically, Chyandour was one of the boundaries of the Borough of Penzance, and was the site of large tin smelting works.
It was once known as Orange Bay or Baie L'Orange.
The station is located on Littlehampton harbour side on the eastern bank of the River Arun, a quarter mile from the harbour entrance and the pier.
Nolan Pillar is a rock pinnacle standing 3 nautical miles southeast of Smith Knob and marking the east extremity of the Thiel Mountains, Antarctica.
Harvey Summit is a peak 2,644 metres high at the head of McDermott Glacier in the Royal Society Range of Victoria Land, Antarctica.
The Damien II was chartered by the British Antarctic Survey for various wildlife surveys between 1985 and 1992.
Pelican Point is a hamlet in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.
It was discovered on aerial flights from the West Base of the United States Antarctic Service in 1940, and named for Professor Chester A.
The district center is the village of Tagab, located in the western part of the district.
The LTTE occurred the area fortifying it.
Trevarrick is a hamlet in the parish of St Goran in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
The Hebron-Ben Nevis Oil Field is an oil field located in Jeanne d'Arc Basin.
It is located along Pan-Philippine Highway in Brgy Maulong.
It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos from 1961-66.
Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names in association with Goorkha Craters, a name applied by R.F.
Grand Island Army Airfield was a United States Army Air Forces airfield which operated from 1942 to 1946.
Overflow Glacier is a steep tributary glacier spilling into Ferrar Glacier from the south, just east of Briggs Hill, in Victoria Land.
Rester Peak is a peak rising to 3,638 metres 1.25 nautical miles northeast of Mount Rücker in the Royal Society Range.
Named by the New Zealand Geographic Board in 1998 in recognition of the radio repeater installed by New Zealand on Mount Newall.
It is also the political centre of the country, as its seat of Government and residence of the Head of State.
Traditionally, the varietals grown in this area are Sémillon and Malbec; together with Bonarda and Barbera in a smaller amount.
The glacier drains northeastwards along the north slopes of Branishte Peak and joins Rutford Ice Stream.
The plateau extends towards Nigeria's south eastern border.
It is used for geographic purposes, such as land surveying and natural resource explorations.
The journey from Truro to Falmouth is a Grade A route for kayakers.
The buildings once served as a fishery premises, with facilities for drying and packaging fish and warehouses for fish, barrels and other items.
The main settlers of the community were Millers, Ivanys, Kings and Clarkes.
Recent projects extract gas from the Muskwa Formation and Horn River Formation.
The camp is named after Andres Bonifacio, the revolutionary leader of the Katipunan during the revolutionary period of the Philippines against Spain - Philippine Revolution.
It covers 850,000 km², nearly 10% of Brazil's territory.
The population density of the district was 1.86 persons per sq.
Glezen Glacier is a glacier that flows east from Endeavour Massif in the Kirkwood Range of Victoria Land, Antarctica.
The Gunn Peaks are isolated peaks 9 nautical miles east of Mount Vang in southern Palmer Land, Antarctica.
Monchegorsk Air Base is a military air base in Murmansk Oblast, Russia located 13 km northeast of Monchegorsk and 11 miles southwest of Olenya.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Roberts Cirque".
After the U.S. Army discontinued its use as a military installation in December 1968, the Indiana National Guard assumed responsibility for oversight of the camp.
Missinipe had 39 residents in 2011 up from 5 residents in 2006.
Higher Tregarne and Lower Tregarne are two hamlets northwest of Mawnan Smith, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
It was mapped by the Victoria University of Wellington Antarctic Expedition and named after T.R.
Point Enragée, also known as Point Rosie, is located northwest of Marystown, Newfoundland and Labrador.
It is a designated Superfund site due to a number of soil and groundwater contaminants.
It was charted by Discovery Investigations personnel in 1930 and named in association with the harbor.
Today, Nouasseur AB is known as Mohammed V International Airport.
Mapped by United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1961-66.
It is one of a group of nautical names in the Convoy Range applied by the New Zealand Geographic Board in 1994.
Named by the New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition for the Australian national rugby team.
In 1979 Fowey became a civil parish.
286 is a rural municipality in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan, located in Census Division 12 which is a part of SARM Division 5.
It was discovered by the British National Antarctic Expedition, 1901–04, which named this peak for Captain E.W.
Gander Bay South is a settlement in Newfoundland and Labrador.
Briefly a ginger beer factory from 1896 to 1906, the complex then ceased all manufacturing.
The road that runs through Todpool is Bownder An Sycamor, which translates from Cornish as Sycamore Lane.
It was first climbed on December 28, 2013 by Ralf Laier, Pachi Ibarra and Seth Timpano in Alpine style during their traverse of the Soholt Peaks.
After being idle for years, the Canadian National Railway upgraded its tracks at this crossing to support rail traffic from the Bakken oil field.
Carey Park is a hamlet-estate in Cornwall, England, UK.
It was perhaps built in the 18th century but was remodelled in the early 19th century.
The ferry is free of tolls and operates between 7:00 am and midnight, during the ice-free season.
The stream was named for James C. Brittain, a pioneer who settled along the creek.
Given this descriptive name by the New Zealand Victoria University of Wellington Antarctic Expedition, 1960-61.
The capital of the governorate is the city of Irbid.
Trebullett is a hamlet in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
There is a nine-person Commission, also appointed by the Mayor, responsible for promulgating the Port’s terminal tariff.
This feature was named "Doppelspitz" by a German expedition under K. Schrader, 1882–83, and was identified by the British Combined Services Expedition of 1964–65.
It was charted and named by Discovery Investigations personnel in the period 1926–30.
Moran Canyon is located in Grand Teton National Park, in the U. S. state of Wyoming.
It was absorbed by the RM of Mervin No.
The cove is in a picturesque region, and is important ecologically as an area frequented by the rare Cornish chough.
At its peak the Edenbridge Hebrew Colony had about 170 inhabitants, a post office, a school, and a synagogue -- Beth Israel Synagogue.
Jeffries, an assistant to the staff of the Discovery Committee.
Long Beach is the largest and longest beach in the Pacific Rim National Park Reserve on the west coast of Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada.
It was named after Chaplain William Menster of the flagship USS Mount Olympus in Operation Highjump, 1946–47.
The surrounding area of Pathlow, became quickly settled, due to its large quantity resource of many North American herbs and medicinal plants.
Fort Hoskins was one of three "forts" built by the U.S. Army to monitor the Coastal Indian Reservation in Oregon in the mid- 19th century.
The concert was recorded for air on CBC-TV's "Adrienne Clarkson Presents" series.
Treskilling is a hamlet west of Luxulyan, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
Tennena Cone is a subglacial mound in northern British Columbia, Canada, located just southwest of Mount Edziza in Mount Edziza Provincial Park.
Lincoln Airport appeared in the 2008 Warner Bros. Pictures movie Yes Man and the 2013 Walt Disney Pictures movie Planes.
Alberich Glacier is a small glacier that drains west from Junction Knob toward the east flank of Sykes Glacier, in the Asgard Range, Victoria Land, Antarctica.
Since 1969 the camp had continued to serve as a military and civilian training facility.
Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for James D. Suggs United States Antarctic Research Program geologist with the Marie Byrd Land Survey Party, 1966-67.
It is located in the southwestern United States, primarily within southeastern California and southern Nevada, and it occupies a total of 47,877 sq mi.
Mobeetie was reduced even below its original small size with the closure of the United States Army's Fort Elliott in 1890.
The bay is demarcated by Cape Freels to the north and Cape Bonavista to the south.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Stratton Hills".
It has a very indented shoreline with numerous offshore islands and rocks.
The hamlet is located 116 km north of the City of North Battleford east of highway 795.
Quintrell Downs is a village in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom, close to Newquay, at the junction of the A392 and A3058 roads.
Two most recent were Lassen Peak in 1914 to 1921 and a major eruption of Mount St. Helens in 1980.
Mendenhall Peak is a peak, 2,130 metres high, standing 0.5 nautical miles west of Mount Wrather in the eastern part of the Thiel Mountains of Antarctica.
It served as the filming location for scenes in the 2001 film The Shipping News.
At present the Keroman U-boat base is open to the public.
The Bump is a knoll on Robertson Point, the east entrance point of Fortuna Bay, South Georgia.
Hunt, U.S. Navy Reserve, a medical officer with the Byrd Station winter party, 1966.
Bally Glacier is a glacier 6 nautical miles long which occupies the central part of the Carlstrom Foothills of the Churchill Mountains.
Brunette is a settlement in Newfoundland and Labrador.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Widich Nunatak".
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Skinner Ridge".
For over 300 years, Holmen was Denmark’s largest employer.
A former post office here was named Rayleigh Mount.
Sandy Beach is a hamlet in Abernethy Rural Municipality No.
It is named in association with Kitsu Peak and Kitsu Creek.
For most of its existence employment to the town has been limited to logging, to supply the local sawmills and for pulpwood.
In 1873 approximately three quarters of the population left for work on Anticosti Island leaving only 55 inhabitants by 1874.
The area is also rich in birdlife including birds of prey such as the Spanish imperial eagle and the Eurasian black vulture.
The Darley Oak is a notable oak tree here.
It was established in 1917 after the U.S. entered World War I and today serves as a training site for National Guard Soldiers.
Ootischenia  is a designated place near Castlegar, British Columbia.
It is 15 nautical miles long, draining north between the Dunbar and Inferno Ridges and coalescing with Balish Glacier before entering the Splettstoesser Glacier.
Cape Bauld, slightly south and east of Cape Norman, delineates the eastern end of the Strait of Belle Isle.
Evergreen Brightsand is a hamlet in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.
The seat of the municipality is located in the Town of Ituna.
St. Mein Bay is a natural bay off the island of Newfoundland in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
Taylor's Bay a settlement located east of Lamaline in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador.
It could be misleading to name this tongue in association with one of these partial sources.
The canyon is northwest of Jenny Lake and within the canyon lies Lake of the Crags, Ramshead Lake and Arrowhead Pool.
Robertson Ridge is a ridge circumscribing the northwest part of Clark Glacier in Victoria Land.
Hamner Nunatak is a nunatak lying west of the Warren Range, Antarctica, 5 nautical miles west-northwest of Wise Peak.
The last eruption occurred during March 1962.
Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Captain Richard Thornton, commander of USNS Eltanin on Antarctic cruises, 1967-68.
It was named by a 1989-90 New Zealand Antarctic Research Programme field party member Trevor Chinn to commemorate an incident at the site.
Views from Paintbrush Divide include Lake Solitude and of Mount Moran to the north and the Cathedral Group including Grand Teton to the south.
Canada replaced its inspection facilities, which were built in 1973, in 2015.
Coronach  is a community in southern Saskatchewan, Canada near the US border.
Palaly Military Base is a military base located in Palaly, Northern Province of Sri Lanka.
Baker's Head is a Canadian hamlet in the Placentia District of the province of Newfoundland and Labrador.
Gliozzi Peak — at 1,475 metres — is the highest peak in the group — and was first climbed by Di Gilbert.
Bartlett's Harbour was a postal and fishing village located north east of Pointe Riche, Newfoundland, Canada.
It is the largest waterfall of the Kicking Horse River, at about 30 metres high and 150 metres wide.
The Motion is a settlement located south of Bay Roberts, Newfoundland and Labrador.
Convoy Range is a broad mountain range in Antarctica.
The Alasay District is situated in the eastern part of Kapisa Province, Afghanistan.
Naval Base Guam is a strategic U.S. naval base located on Apra Harbor, Guam.
Trezelah is a hamlet north of Penzance in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
The New Zealand Northern Survey Party of the Commonwealth Trans-Antarctic Expedition worked in this area in 1957.
The beach is very popular for windsurfing and kitesurfing.
In 1901 it had a population of 47.
Webb Canyon is located in Grand Teton National Park, in the U. S. state of Wyoming.
Gold was first discovered in the Nickel Plate Mountain area in 1897 and several small mines were developed over the years.
It later reopened as Kinston Airport and is now known as Kinston Regional Jetport.
St. Teresa is a settlement in Newfoundland and Labrador.
Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Richard L. Reynolds, geologist with the USGS Lassiter Coast geologic and mapping party in 1970-71.
Brea Hill is grassed and treeless with rough footpaths leading to the summit and burial mounds.
Mathias, Royal Navy, a pilot in HMS Protector's ship's flight during the survey of the South Sandwich Islands in 1964.
Brighton, or Brighton Cross, is a hamlet in Cornwall, England, UK.
The village of Tramping Lake lies within the geographical borders of Mariposa No.
Darwin Névé is a large névé on the west side of the Cook Mountains and the Darwin Mountains which feeds both Darwin Glacier and Hatherton Glacier.
It was discovered in February 1911 from the Terra Nova of the British Antarctic Expedition, 1910–13, and named for Francis E.C.
In 2013 the family that owned the hamlet put it up for sale.
By 1956 it had a population of 197.
Ollivant Point is the westernmost point of Saunders Island, South Sandwich Islands.
The village formerly had a grocery store and upholstery business that was destroyed by a fire on the 7th of May 2016
It was so named by the New Zealand Victoria University of Wellington Antarctic Expedition, 1960–61, because of its prominent position overlooking the expedition's Christmas camp.
Fagan, Royal Engineers, surveyor on the British Combined Services Expedition of 1964–65, and the first person to climb the mountain.
Traces of the trail remain in the Eakin Creek canyon.
The population density of the district was 1.86 persons per sq.
After it was closed in 1960, it was reused as Marianna Municipal Airport.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Spring Glacier".
Its capital is Mafraq, which is known for its military bases.
It previously held the status of a village until July 1, 1936.
The canyon terminus is at Moran Bay on the southwest side of Jackson Lake, below Eagles Rest Peak.
The remains were found by 11-year-old Yevgeny Salinder who lives near the station.
The larger of the two rocks stands around 80 feet above the high water mark.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Mount Mumford".
It is located along the CanAm Highway: U.S. Route 85 on the American side and Saskatchewan Highway 35 on the Canadian side.
There were four grain elevators, small stores, and services.
Botany Bay, an open oceanic embayment, is located in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia, 13 km south of the Sydney central business district.
The names "La Roche Strait" and "Bird Sound" were used interchangeably for this feature on charts for many years.
The LZ experiment is a next-generation dark matter direct detection experiment.
The Birchall Peaks are a group of peaks 3 nautical miles west of Mount Iphigene, on the south side of Block Bay in Marie Byrd Land.
A small abandoned fishing community in Fortune Bay named after a nearby headland Lange de Cerf Head.
It is in the care of the National Trust.
It was discovered by the British National Antarctic Expedition, under Captain Robert Falcon Scott, who named this feature for Hartley T. Ferrar, geologist of the expedition.
About 2,350 years ago, a major explosive eruption occurred, sending a massive ash column into the atmosphere.
The Usk Ferry is a cable ferry across the Skeena River in British Columbia, Canada.
Happy Eater is a seasonal Café open spring and summer - enjoy the rustic building and animal heads
Bagshawe, British authority on tropical medicine, who raised a special fund to defray the expenses of biological equipment for BGLE, 1934-37.
Mount Band is a named from the profusion of colored lichens appearing in bands on brown rocks in the Mountains of Victoria Land in Antarctica.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Taurus Nunataks".
It was named in 1983 by the New Zealand Antarctic Place-Names Committee from association with Mount Beowulf which stands at the head of this glacier.
It is terminated to the southwest by a ridge, and to the northeast by three rock pinnacles.
Indian Point-Golden Sands is a hamlet in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.
Brancepeth is a hamlet in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.
Mapped by United States Geological Survey from ground surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1959-66.
The Sopkarga mammoth, alternately spelled Sopkarginsky mammoth, and informally called Zhenya, after the nickname of its discoverer, is a wooly mammoth carcass found in October 2012.
Also the location was in East Baghdad.
Highway 965 intersects Highway 155 at its eastern end and Highway 903 at its western end.
It was so named by the British South Georgia Survey, 1954–55, led by George A. Sutton.
Weymouth Lifeboat Station is the base for Royal National Lifeboat Institution search and rescue operations at Weymouth in Dorset, England.
Edward A. Bradley, S.J., seismologist with the party.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Smith Knob".
This post office was named by the first postmaster W A Belcham after his home town in England.
Alaska Basin is a subalpine basin on the west slopes of the Teton Range, in the U.S. state of Wyoming.
Mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy aerial photographs, 1961-67.
Topside Glacier is a cirque glacier, 0.5 nautical miles long, descending the south wall of Elkhorn Ridge in Greenville Valley, Convoy Range, Victoria Land.
The 2001 Canadian Census put the population of Westsyde at 7797.
It was mainly used to provision, protect and repair the various merchant marine convoys to Quebec, Halifax, and the United Kingdom.
Equipment and provisions stockpiled on the pond ice were eventually redistributed by the wind and lodged among the surrounding morainic boulders.
Morfee Lake is approximately 1.5 kilometers from the Alexander Mackenzie Hotel.
He also served on the staff during 1969 and 1970.
It is operated by the Indian Air Force in collaboration with the Tajik Air Force.
The rural municipality maintains its office in Earl Grey, Saskatchewan.
Naval Support Force, Antarctica, 1967 and 1968.
The Tower Lifeboat Station is a lifeboat station on the River Thames in London, UK, operated by the Royal National Lifeboat Institution.
Sagona was a village located on Sagona Island.
Best Township is a geographic township comprising a portion of the municipality of Temagami in Nipissing District, Northeastern Ontario, Canada.
Boot Rock is a rock, 30 metres high, which lies 0.1 nautical miles off the southeast side of Candlemas Island in the South Sandwich Islands.
It is the only 24-hour crossing on the Montana–Saskatchewan segment of the border.
It should be distinguished from Tregear in the parish of Gerrans.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Walcott South Stream".
It forms the north extremity of Sostra Heights, and surmounts Sabazios Glacier to the southwest and Anchialus Glacier to the southeast.
Round Harbor was a small settlement with only two families in 1864.
The position and number of these islands have been approximated on charts for years.
Chaplin, Royal Navy, of the Discovery, during his survey of the Undine Harbour area in 1926 but it is not used locally.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Pearsall Ridge".
Reconnoitered by the New Zealand Antarctic Research Program Allan Hills Expedition, 1964.
This change brings together information about the whole of Cumberland Bay together in indexes.
The most recent eruptive activity at these volcanoes is likely Pleistocene in age and are both likely products of glaciovolcanism during the last glacial period.
The church was built probably in the 9th or 10th century and was first mentioned in 1329.
Doctors Harbour 47°39′43″N 55°19′03″W is a locality just northeast of Belleoram.
One of the nautical names in Convoy Range.
Schist Peak is a peak, 1,650 m, surmounting the divide between the Willis and Packard Glaciers in the Saint Johns Range of Victoria Land.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Walcott Glacier".
Settled by English, French, Germans, Hungarians, Icelanders, Poles and Ukrainians in the late 19th century and early 20th century, makes this area very culturally diverse.
It was probably seen from the air by members of the United States Antarctic Service who photographed Wright Inlet in December 1940.
Located in Victoria Land, they run north-south between the Priestley and Ferrar glaicers.
Historically a fishing village, its role in the fishery has declined since the northern cod moratorium of 1992.
The cape is the nesting place of one of the world's largest colonies of thick-billed murre.
Not to be confused with Pillsbury Center, a skyscraper in Minneapolis, Minnesota that was renamed US Bank Plaza
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Sabrina Valley".
The area of Snežnik above 1,450 m covers 196 hectares and was protected in 1964 as a natural landmark.
Some of its predators include insects, amphibians, mammals, birds, and occasionally other snails.
The bluff is significant geologically as a locality for trachytic tuff, from which the feature derives its name.
It surmounts Patton Glacier to the northeast.
It flows into the Muddy in the Moapa Valley just west of Glendale adjacent to Interstate 15 approximately 40 miles northwest of Las Vegas.
Mount Brice is a mountain 2.5 nautical miles west of Mount Abrams in the Behrendt Mountains, Palmer Land.
The first lifeboat was stationed at Sennen Cove in 1853.
The station consisted of three pulsed radars, and support facilities, including barracks, married quarters, a school, chapel, bowling alley and gym.
It links the Deccan Plateau to the south with the Indo-Gangetic Plains and the Chota Nagpur Plateau to the north and east respectively.
Davis Knoll is a partly ice-covered knoll, standing 6 nautical miles north of Mount Ester at the head of Lucy Glacier.
Little Harbour East is a settlement located east of Belleoram.
On 23 February 1961, Carse was dropped off by HMS Owen with 12 tonnes of supplies, and a prefabricated hut.
The hut sleeps 18 in the summer and 16 in the winter.
Additional exploration was conducted from 1954 to 1957, when the company, reorganized as United Estella Mines Ltd., was forced to liquidate.
Payne Creek is a narrow cove just south of Goldcrest Point along the west side of Bird Island, South Georgia.
Listed as a designated place by Statistics Canada, the hamlet had a population of 25 in the Canada 2006 Census.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Sanctuary Cliffs".
"Trehøje" meaning three mounds, is one of four major vista points in the hills of Mols, each with a barrow on top.
Redlands is a settlement in Newfoundland and Labrador.
It is adjacent to Normal, and is the more populous of the two principal municipalities of the Bloomington-Normal metropolitan area.
Established by the United States Army Air Corps as an Advanced Flying School in June 1941, it was closed at the end of World War II.
Gurnon, U.S. Navy, a Lockheed Hercules aircraft commander in Antarctica during Operation Deep Freeze 1965–67.
Blowinghouse is the name of two settlements in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Oates Piedmont Glacier".
The Spatsizi River is a tributary of the Stikine River, rising near Mount Gunanoot in the southeastern Spatsizi Plateau, British Columbia.
Sa Caleta is a cove on the south west seaboard of the Spanish island of Ibiza.
The Koci Cliffs are arcuate cliffs, 2,424 metres high, standing 1 nautical mile south of Colwell Massif in Victoria Land, Antarctica.
Quirpon is a small, picturesque community situated on the northern tip of the Great Northern Peninsula of Newfoundland in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
New Harbour is a bay about 10 miles wide between Cape Bernacchi and Butter Point along the coast of Victoria Land, due west of Ross Island.
It is home to the hero Roland Couillionneur.
It was discovered and named by the British National Antarctic Expedition, 1901–04.
This beach is one of sixty nine blue flag beaches in the Algarve and is accredited with good facilities for the disabled.
Transportation corridors through the Robson Valley include the CN rail lines, and highways 16 and 5.
The name of this cove is from the Cornish 'veor' meaning large or great.
It has partly ice-free south slopes, and surmounts upper Nimitz Glacier to the southwest and its tributary Cairns Glacier to the northeast.
Brutus Island is a small island lying near the center of Prince Olav Harbour on the north coast of South Georgia.
Almost a third of Cornwall has AONB designation, with the same status and protection as a National Park.
Granite Spur is a rock spur along the north front of the Jones Mountains of Antarctica, 0.5 nautical miles west of Avalanche Ridge.
The abandoned community of Great Harbour Deep was located on the Southern arm.
Big Butt Mountain or Big Butt are the names of five distinct mountains in Western North Carolina.
It is separated from the Gangetic plain to the north by the Satpura and Vindhya Ranges, which form its northern boundary.
The lake was the site of the earliest known production of salt in the province.
Trenwheal is a hamlet in the parish of Breage, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom, and southeast of Leedstown.
The large majority of homes are rental properties, as there is only 9.7% homeownership in the neighbourhood.
Mount Huffman is a prominent mountain 4 nautical miles northeast of Mount Abrams, in the Behrendt Mountains of Ellsworth Land, Antarctica.
Church Bay is a bay 4.5 nautical miles wide, indenting the north coast of South Georgia between Low Rock Point and Cape North.
The Lemsford Ferry is a cable ferry in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.
It surmounts Roché Glacier to the north and Zapol Glacier to the southwest.
HMAS Kuranda was a Royal Australian Navy base at Cairns, Queensland.
The only other facility of this kind is located at MCLB Barstow’s sister installation, Marine Corps Logistics Base Albany.
Grand Bay is a small bay immediately to the west of Channel-Port aux Basques, Newfoundland, Canada.
The peaks were discovered by the Marie Byrd Land Traverse party of 1957–58 under C.R.
The New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition remapped the feature and amended the name to Mount Durnford.
Darmody is an unincorporated community in Eyebrow Rural Municipality No.
Good Spirit Lake is about 10 miles South of Buchanan.
It was charted and named "Pram Point" by Discovery Investigations in 1929.
It was flooded quite badly by Tropical Storm Chantel on August 1, 2007, when approximately 200 mm of rain fell within 6 hours.
The new parish is part coastal and part rural in character.
Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Carl O. Wyman, ionospheric scientist at Little America V, 1957.
It was originally a tributary of the Finlay River before the creation of Lake Williston.
It is located on New World Island.
Lusty Glaze is privately owned although it has full public access.
It was named by Discovery Investigations personnel who charted this area in 1929-30.
A gas station was built and operated by the Payne family in the late 1970s.
Furdale also relies on Saskatoon for its media, emergency services, etc.
On a 1744 French map the cove was noted as Baye de Tailleur.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Peruque Point".
Wilson Rock is the middle rock of a chain of rocks extending WSW from Turmoil Point, the westernmost point point of Bristol Island.
For use as in topography, see Fall line.
Studies show this feature has characteristics quite distinct from the Ross Ice Shelf and merits individual naming.
Luck Nunatak is a nunatak 2 nautical miles southwest of Mount Caywood, in the Behrendt Mountains of Ellsworth Land, Antarctica.
Steventon Island is a broad ice-covered island about 39 km long off of Antarctica, lying west of Court Ridge in the Sulzberger Ice Shelf.
The first postmistress was Mrs. Lillian Ivany, in honour of whom the post office itself was named.
5, and Alphonse Tommy Indian Reserve No.
Mount Gaberlein is a mountain, 1,210 metres high, standing 3.5 nautical miles north-northwest of Mount Bellingshausen in the Prince Albert Mountains of Victoria Land, Antarctica.
It is the largest bases of Bangladesh Navy.
Greenville Air Force Base is a former United States Air Force base in Greenville, Mississippi.
The municipality provides policing, fire protection and municipal governance for the rural district, with a reeve as its administrator.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Sverdrup Nunataks".
A lumber mill and the fishery were the main employers in the community.
Currently the population is approximately 85 people.
Stange Sound is a sound about 60 nautical miles long and 25 nautical miles wide along the coast of Palmer Land.
Lambourne is a house near Ruan High Lanes in Cornwall, England.
The land adjacent to Botany Bay was settled for many thousands of years by the Tharawal and Eora Aboriginal peoples and their associated clans.
Major Noll completed his military service retiring in 1988 as a Colonel..
Structures associated with the Maria Fold and Thrust Belt are exposed in a series of mountain ranges in southeastern California and western Arizona.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Wright Pass".
A cat road was proposed but not built until the 1960s.
Discovered by the Discovery expedition and first called "The Eskers."
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Steele Island".
Discovered and photographed from the air in December 1940 by members of the United States Antarctic Service.
Documents in the care of Cornwall Council include a reference to the customs, rights, and history of the Charter dating back as far as 1234.
Barr'd Harbour is a small settlement located northeast of Pointe Riche.
A local legend claims that the rocks were thrown out to sea by a child-eating giant called Bolster, after whom Bolster Day was named.
Schirmacher Massif is an island-like mountain massif in the east part of Palmer Land.
Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Lieutenant Alex J. Szabo, aircraft pilot of U.S. Navy Squadron VX-6 during Operation Deep Freeze 1966 and 1967.
Trevelver is a hamlet in the parish of St Minver, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Silk Glacier".
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Sponholz Peak".
436 is a rural municipality in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan, located in the Census Division 16.
Several small residential subdivisions are located within the park on the west.
Garden Cove is a village located south-east of Swift Current in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
Thumb Promontory was unofficially named by a New Zealand Antarctic Research Program field party to the Ohio Range, 1979-80.
Praia de Samouqueira a beach within the Municipality of Aljezur, in the Algarve, Portugal.
Caradon Hill is on Bodmin Moor in the former Caradon district of Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
The Rolling Plains and the Edwards Plateau subregions act as transitional zones between eastern and western Texas.
The range is located north of the West Road River and to the south of the Natalkuz Lake portion of the Ootsa Lake reservoir.
Tregorrick is a hamlet south of St Austell in mid Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
Bill Inlet is a small inlet lying immediately east of Undine Harbor, near the west end of South Georgia.
It has an asbestos slate roof with gable ends.
The meaning of Trenance is "valley farm".
Ruthvoes is a village in mid Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
The population at the census 2011 was 4,479
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Cape Reynolds".
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Trousers Rock".
The change involved correcting the calendar by 11 days so the fair day changed to 25 September.
Rosen Peak is a peak rising to 1220 m in the south part of Gross Hills, Heritage Range, Ellsworth Mountains.
Treves Butte is a prominent, partly ice-covered butte immediately northwest of Discovery Ridge in the Ohio Range.
The village is situated six miles south of Truro and two miles north of St Mawes.
Mapped by United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1959-66.
Rising on the Silwhoiakun Plateau to the northwest of Kamloops, the Bonaparte River flows west and south to join the Thompson River.
The Strzelecki Desert  is located in the Far North Region of South Australia, South West Queensland and western New South Wales.
No signs or historic markers provide information on the crossing.
New Mills is a hamlet in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
The centre of the village lacks any sort of local amenity but there is a nearby farm shop on its outskirts.
According to the 2001 Statistics Canada Census:
It is located on the east side of Lower Arrow Lake along Highway 6, where a car ferry links to the west side of the lake.
3, on Five Mile Creek 3.5 miles north of the mouth of the San Jose River, four miles north of 150 Mile House.
There are an additional 3,500 people in La Ronge and 2,000 in the Lac La Ronge First Nation.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Zuniga Glacier".
Located in Hare bay is the Hare Bay Islands Ecological Reserve.
There are 55 private houses, 51 which are inhabited.
Naval Station Sangley Point, transferred to the Philippines in 1971.
Greer Peak is a prominent peak, the northernmost of the Wiener Peaks, in the Denfeld Mountains of the Ford Ranges in Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.
The base includes 1,451 acres of sandy trails, cypress swamps, maritime forest, grassy dunes and soft and hard sand beaches.
Flying Dust First Nation is a Cree First Nation band government located adjacent to the city of Meadow Lake in Saskatchewan, Canada.
Mount Deane and Witjira National Park are just to the north.
Sulphur Point was recommended in 1953 by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee.
Bayview is a collaboration of small fishing communities along the southern island of Twillingate, Newfoundland and Labrador.
Blank Peaks is a cluster of ice-free peaks occupying the isolated ridge between Bartrum and Foggydog Glaciers in the Brown Hills of Antarctica.
Surveyed by the SGS in the period 1951-57, and named for Stanley B. Paterson, assistant surveyor of the SGS, 1955-56.
Forder viaduct was formerly at Milepost 252.25, 1.25 miles west of Saltash).
It is part of the Town of Placentia.
Helena Lake is a hamlet in the Rural Municipality of Parkdale No.
Blackhead Bay is a natural bay off the island of Newfoundland in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
Barter Bluff is a prominent rock bluff 1.5 nautical miles west of Leister Peak in the Kohler Range, Marie Byrd Land.
Vane Glacier is a broad glacier that drains the northeast slopes of Mount Murphy in Marie Byrd Land.
Lamorran was an ancient parish, and became a civil parish in 1866.
He flows along the border between the administrative regions Ramechhap in the west and the east Okhaldhunga Sagarmatha.
The seat of the municipality is located in the town of Cut Knife.
Mount Chalmers is a mountain along the eastern escarpment of the Conway Range, about 5 nautical miles south of the summit of Mount Keltie.
The cove is 2.5 nautical miles south-southeast of the Welcome Islands and has important fossil occurrences on its periphery.
Lisbon is the capital and the largest city of Portugal, with a population of 552,700 within its administrative limits in an area of 100.05 km².
The station current has two lifeboats at the station.
The point is a natural observation point over the rim of the Grand Canyon of the Yellowstone.
Mount Barren lies 0.8 nautical miles north of McIlroy Peak named after British surgeon Dr. James McIlroy.
According to the Post Office the population at the 2011 census was located in the civil parish of Veryan
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Weaver Nunataks".
Tresillian is a small village in mid Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
Onnum Ridge is a mountain spur that descends northeast to McCraw Glacier, 3 nautical miles south of Derrick Peak in the Britannia Range.
The Bear River is a river in northwestern British Columbia, Canada.
Trewollock is a hamlet north of Gorran Haven, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
An overhead cable is suspended from towers anchored on either bank of the river, and a "traveller" is installed on the cable.
It sits in a small meadow not far from the base of a mountain called The President.
Today Garden Cove has an active close community.
Mapped by United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy aerial photographs, 1961-67.
There's still two families living there plus a machine shop.
As well, the municipality provides policing, fire protection and municipal governance for the rural district, with a reeve as its administrator.
Pope Mountain is a largely ice-free mountain rising directly at the head of Tomilin Glacier, 3 nautical miles southeast of Governor Mountain, in the Wilson Hills.
It is named for Virginia native and Confederate Lieutenant General A. P. Hill.
Schmidtman, USCG, commander of the icebreaker USCGC Eastwind in the Ross Seas Ship Group in Operation Deep Freeze, 1960.
Each quarter the Hall is open to the public where people can visit the courtroom and learn more about the trials.
Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for William Showers, United States Antarctic Research Program biologist at Palmer Station in 1975.
It was created by a partition of the old East Kootenay riding which also created its sibling, East Kootenay.
See Inside and explore the Watermill here
Of South Georgia's 31 breeding bird species, 17 are found here.
Named with reference to a surveyor's chain.
The Marble Hills are a group of mainly ice-free hills in West Antarctica.
The wetland site consists of three shallow ponds with a combined winter surface area of 23,000 square metres.
The name "Mount Hodges" appears to have been applied some years later and is now well established.
The campus originally Bryan's Air Force Base underwent a major change to what is known now as the Riverside Campus.
Shelter Point is a point on the west side of Blue Whale Harbor on the north coast of South Georgia.
Tolcarne is also a hamlet in the parish and village of St. Day, Cornwall.
Yellowstone Crags is a group of crags which are locally eroded into striking pinnacles, situated 0.
It was named for the head of Husvik Harbour in Stromness Bay.
The feature stands at the eastern side of the terminus of Nimitz Glacier where it bends, or makes a corner, on joining Minnesota Glacier.
Murqub, sometimes spelt Al Murgub or Al Marqab or al-Morqib, is one of the districts of Libya.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Mount Suess".
It was named for Lieutenant A.D. Barff, Royal Navy, of the Sappho, who, assisted by Captain C.A.
The peninsula takes its name from its northern extremity, Barff Point.
The name Mutt and Jeff was probably given by Lieutenant Commander J.M.
The Bulkley River in British Columbia is a major tributary of the Skeena River.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Pa Tio Tio Gap".
Exploits was a community located on Burnt Island.
Merrick Point is an ice-covered point on the east side of Hamilton Ice Piedmont, Bear Peninsula, on the Walgreen Coast of Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.
Square Rock is a rock lying 0.3 nautical miles west of Cape Alexandra, at the west end of South Georgia.
A low moraine ridge, Zenker Ridge, extends southwest from Discovery Point to Osmic Hill.
The beach is on the western Seaboard in the north west of the Algarve.
To the northeast, there is an array of rocky peaks; to the southwest, the view overlooks Rampart Ridge and the large Upper Staircase glacier.
It is about 7 miles east of Newquay, at the junction of A39 and A392, and north of Indian Queens.
It is located opposite Cape North on Cape Breton Island, Nova Scotia.
Wordie Point is the south-west point of Visokoi Island in the South Sandwich Islands.
Point Hicks or Tolywiarar, is a coastal headland in the East Gippsland region of Victoria, Australia, located within the Croajingolong National Park.
Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Charles E. Nicholson, CE2, U.S. Navy, Construction Electrician at South Pole Station, 1974.
Citadellet Fortress was built in the 1680s by count Ulrik Frederik Gyldenløve and had an important role during the last Nordic war from 1709 to 1720.
Particularly because of a false floor, they proved to be the must satisfactory quarters used by American Antarctic expeditions.
Mount Shadbolt is the highest summit in the north part of Convoy Range, Victoria Land, standing at the north side of the head of Towle Valley.
The Estate comprises roughly 4,000 acres, but during the early 1800s extended to twice that amount at 8,000 acres.
It covers much of Alberta and southern Saskatchewan, and a narrow band of southern Manitoba.
It was likely first established as a seasonal fishing settlement in the early 1800s.
Westham was built at a transportation point on the James River.
Geographically, it resembles the deserts of Cholistan and Thar.
In 2006, it had a population of 856.
It previously held the status of a village until January 1, 1939.
Rymill was the leader of the British Graham Land Expedition, and in 1936 sledged eastward across Antarctic Peninsula to 6945S, 6328W.
The name appears to have been given by the German Antarctic Expedition under Filchner, 1911-12.
Garker lies close to the western edge of the Eden Project visitor attraction.
In the 1920s, the Gettysburg Airport was established in the west slope of the ridge.
St Erth Praze is a hamlet in west Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
The river-bed in the canyon is mostly dry due to the Nechako's diversion.
Sleepy Hollow is a hamlet in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.
The population of Plate Cove West was approximately 174 residents as of 2010.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Cape Reichelderfer".
The ridge forms the southeast wall of Abus Valley in the northwest part of the Britannia Range.
It became a Canadian Post Office on April 1, 1949 and was still active by 1966.
Tsinstikeptum 10, usually referred to as Tsinstikeptum Indian Reserve No.
The Lizard Lifeboat Station, operated by the RNLI, is situated at Kilcobben Cove half-a-mile east of the village.
Maine Ridge is a ridge that extends northwest–southeast between Marchant Glacier and Tedrow Glacier in the Royal Society Range, Antarctica.
It is one of the volcanoes in the central portion of the Mount Edziza volcanic complex and last erupted during the Pleistocene period.
Collier Bay is a natural bay off the island of Newfoundland in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
Sorenson Glacier is a glacier between Moore Dome and Rogers Spur on Bear Peninsula, flowing west into Dotson Ice Shelf on Walgreen Coast, Marie Byrd Land.
Mount McKerrow is a prominent mountain on the east side of Starshot Glacier, standing 5 nautical miles north of Thompson Mountain in the Surveyors Range, Antarctica.
Brooks Air Force Base was a United States Air Force facility, located in San Antonio, Texas.
While close to the border, the hut lies entirely in Banff National Park, and is the second-highest permanently habitable structure in Canada.
The name is reported to be descriptive of characteristic formations on the site.
Listed as a designated place by Statistics Canada, the hamlet had a population of 37 in the Canada 2006 Census.
Contentnea Creek begins as the outflow of Buckhorn Reservoir 12 miles west of Wilson, North Carolina.
The economy of the municipality is dominated by agriculture and more recently natural gas.
Wilmer is situated on benchland overlooking the Rocky Mtn Trench.
Mount Ashley is a mountain, 1,155 metres high, standing south of the Bay of Isles, South Georgia, between the heads of Grace Glacier and Lucas Glacier.
It is mapped by United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy aerial photography, 1959–65.
Adams Bluff is a bluff standing 5 miles north of Peters Peak in the Holyoake Range of the Churchill Mountains.
Brodie Peak is one of the Bristly Peaks, rising to 1,410 metres 5 nautical miles south-southeast of Mount Castro, in the central Antarctic Peninsula.
It was first seen on the ground by U.S. geologist Troy L. Pewe on January 14, 1958.
Victoria Cove was first recorded in the 1911 Census with a population of 140.
Contains postal telegraph, express, 1 store, 1 Catholic church, Bowring Bros. and Reid Nfld.
It is situated 11 km east of Mount Tyree, on the east side of the head of Crosswell Glacier and surmounting Hinkley Glacier to the southeast.
The population was 878 at the 2010 census.
Quirpon is a designated place in Canadian census data.
The Gander River is a river in eastern Newfoundland, Canada.
Richlea is a hamlet in Snipe Lake Rural Municipality No.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Saddle Bluff".
They were discovered by the United States Antarctic Service Expedition and named by Richard E. Byrd for his father-in-law, Joseph Ames.
Icefall Cone is a cinder cone in northern British Columbia, Canada.
Strahil Peak is the sharp rocky peak rising to 2700 m just west of the main crest of north-central Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica.
Cinq Cerf Bay is a natural bay on the island of Newfoundland in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
It is one mile east of Altarnun.
Mapped by United States Geological Survey from ground surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1956-62.
Haynes Glacier is a broad glacier flowing to the Walgreen Coast of Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica, to the east of Mount Murphy.
The Little Falls of the Potomac River is one example.
It was mapped by the Darwin Glacier Party of the Commonwealth Trans-Antarctic Expedition, 1956–58, who named it because of the green color of its surface.
Named by Ronne after Waverly, New York City, home of the Kasco Mills.
It was surveyed in 1936 by the British Graham Land Expedition under Rymill.
It was so named by the Ohio State University Geological Party, 1967–68, because an isoclinal fold is well exposed on the side of the hill.
Linton Military Camp is the largest New Zealand Army base and is home to the Headquarters 1 Brigade.
Once a thriving agricultural and fishing community, is situated at the end of the Cormack Trail.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Rockfall Cliff".
The highway connects with U.S. Route 95, from which the highway takes its number.
Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Edward J. Racine, a member of the crew of the icebreaker Eastwind in Operation Deep Freeze 1967.
Pentewan, the coastal village from which the new parish derives its name, is approximately three miles south of St Austell.
It was first mapped by the British Antarctic Expedition, 1907–09, under Ernest Shackleton, who named this feature "Rocky Point".
Sahali is a neighbourhood in South Kamloops, British Columbia, Canada, bordered by the Aberdeen and Downtown districts.
The mine is famous to geologists for its important mineral specimens such as mimetite and pyromorphite.
At Roseworthy there was once a holy well and chapel of Saint Winierus, which was also the site of the most splendid Celtic cross of Cornwall.
It was so named by the Victoria University of Wellington Antarctic Expedition because the valley is virtually the only easy route of descent from Midnight Plateau.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Saunders Rock".
The Post Office was established in 1893.
Port de Sant Miguel is a small beach resort with a white sandy beach on the north west coast of Ibiza.
It last erupted during the Holocene epoch.
Wirdnam, a RAF pilot stationed at McMurdo Station in 1960 as an observer, who also flew missions for U.S. Navy Squadron VX-6.
The industrial port lies about 15 km to the south from the beaches and the Aqaba city center.
The 740th Railway Operating Battalion was activated at Camp Harahan in December 1943.
Pampero is the cold wind that blows from the south Andes to the Atlantic Ocean.
It is part of the Johnstown, Pennsylvania Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Tyree Ridge is a narrow rock ridge that extends northeast for 3 nautical miles from Mount Tyree in the Sentinel Range of the Ellsworth Mountains.
Johnston Spur is a spur in the central part of the Guettard Range, extending eastward to the flank of Johnston Glacier, in Palmer Land, Antarctica.
Rennell Glacier is a glacier, 10 nautical miles long, in the Pioneer Heights, Heritage Range.
Breakbones Plateau is a small lava plateau just north of Chimaera Flats on Candlemas Island, South Sandwich Islands.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Smaaland Cove".
They were named for Prince Albert, the consort of the British Queen Victoria.
Shipwreck Moraine is an extensive moraine in a valley beside the Benson Glacier, between Black Pudding Peak and Mount Brogger, in Prince Albert Mountains, Victoria Land.
The beach of Praia da Pipa is inside the Vicentine Coast Natural Park, an area of outstanding natural beauty.
of State, Chairman of the Interagency Committee on Antarctica, 1971-72.
It is about 100 kilometres north of La Ronge.
The base is composed of 13 piers stretched over 977 acres of land and 326 acres of water.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Thoreson Peak".
Mrs Patrick Ness was a experienced traveller and writer after whom the Ness Award of the Royal Geographical Society is named.
He participated in the Staten Island cruise to Marguerite Bay and Weddell Sea in the 1962-63 season.
It is located in the south-southeastern part of the province, on the United States border.
Mount Sporli was first successfully climbed on December 17, 2011 by Simon Abrahams, Ralf Laier and Todd Passey.
Leipzig is a hamlet in Reford Rural Municipality No.
The name was spproved by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names in 1993 as recommended by the New Zealand Geographic Board.
It was discovered and photographed from the air by the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition of 1947–48 under Finn Ronne.
Black Island is made up of two islands and the cemetery is on Little Black Island.
An 18th-century bachelor named Matrimony Creek because he regarded the stream, like civil marriage, as "noisy, impetuous, and clamorous, though unsullied".
The parish is in the Liskeard Registration District and the population in the 2001 census was 321, increasing to 429 at the 2011 census.
The post office started out with the name D'Arcy Station in 1911 in the Federal Electoral District of Kindersley.
Death Canyon is located in Grand Teton National Park, in the U.S. state of Wyoming.
It was named for Professor Wladimir Köppen, a noted meteorologist and climatologist, who had recommended the establishment of a high level observatory near the base.
Eights Coast is that portion of the coast of West Antarctica between Cape Waite and Pfrogner Point.
Mapped by United States Geological Survey in 1974.
Spring Valley is a hamlet in Terrell Rural Municipality No.
Hope Point is the site of a monument in commemoration of Sir Ernest Shackleton.
It was charted and descriptively named by the British Antarctic Expedition, 1910–13, under Robert Falcon Scott.
The name is derived from the Cornish cross sited there.
Spy Hill is a community in Saskatchewan at the intersection of Highway 8 and Highway 600.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Outrider Nunatak".
High Cross is in the civil parish of Constantine, Cornwall.
It is currently listed as having 20 residents.
Nancledra is a small village with a population of around 150.
From its establishment in 1941 until March 31, 1949, the base was located in the Dominion of Newfoundland.
The estuary contains a historic boatyard and is an important location for migratory birds.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Murrish Glacier".
46 is a rural municipality in Saskatchewan, Canada encompassing 848.29 square kilometers in area.
A rustic campground, convenience store, and a subdivision are developed around the lake.
It was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1971 for Captain P.F.
It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Allen R. Crooker, a United States Antarctic Research Program biologist at Palmer Station in 1972.
In 1899 a Church of England school was built and served as a chapel in Pound Cove as well.
Groais Island is one of the Grey Islands, Bell Island being the other.
Cape Fanning is a cape which forms the north side of the entrance to Violante Inlet, on the east coast of Palmer Land, Antarctica.
Named by United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee for Peter J. Tilbrook, zoologist of the survey of the South Sandwich Islands from HMS Protector in 1964.
The bluff was photographed from helicopters of the USS Burton Island and Glacier in the U.S. Navy Bellingshausen Sea Expedition, February 1960.
The volcano gets its name from being adjacent to Sezill Creek.
St. Mark's Anglican School in Shearstown dates back to 1867.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Mount Shadbolt".
Praia do Vale dos Homens is a beach within the Municipality of Aljezur, in the Algarve, Portugal.
The Lubbock Reese Redevelopment Committee was renamed the Redevelopment Authority and could now execute contracts for base property.
