Rhododendron spinuliferum is a species of Rhododendron native to Yunnan, southwestern Sichuan, and Guizhou China.
It is one of the largest species of Bactris and is found at the highest elevations.
The discovery generated such excitement that a wax model was toured around the British Isles.
It has become naturalized in Sri Lanka, the West Indies, and the US State of Florida.
The center for biodiversity of Bergia is the Old World tropics, and this is also the center for biodiversity for the family.
The genus is most closely related to Ligustrum, classified with it in Oleaceae tribus Oleeae subtribus Ligustrinae.
The family includes the leadwood tree, Combretum imberbe.
Every leaf has a curvy margin rolling backward toward the underside.
Both species are native to Cameroon and adjacent countries.
Formerly this plant has been placed in the genera Anoplophytum, Caraguata, and Renealmia.
Ceanothus divergens, commonly known as Calistoga ceanothus, is an evergreen shrub in the Rhamnaceae family, an endemic of California.
The tree is particularly known for its bright orange flowers that grow in large cone or cylinder shaped clusters.
Achillea species are used as food plants by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species - see list of Lepidoptera that feed on Achillea.
Stephanomeria fluminea Gottlieb - Teton wirelettuce - Endemic to northwestern Wyoming; 2n=16
Flowers occur singly, and are five-parted and white.
It is known as Kumbhi in Hindi, and Slow Match Tree in English.
In harsh winters, Polylepis australis survives by producing rolls of loose, papery like exfoliating brownish bark; the rough outer covering of the woody stem of tree.
The genus is named after a naiad of Greek mythology.
Piper auritum is an aromatic herb with a heart-shaped, velvety leaf which grows in tropic Mesoamerica.
These herbaceous perennial plants are chiefly native to the mountainous parts of the Northern Hemisphere, growing in the moisture-retentive but well-draining soils of mountain meadows.
Maclura tricuspidata is a tree native to East Asia, occasionally grown for its fruit, somewhat similar to that of the related mulberry.
The sepals and the petals are alike.
They are shrubs, sometimes small trees and usually have small, crowded, rather aromatic leaves.
Rubus odoratus tall, with perennial, not biennial, stems.
chantinii Baker, 1889 - most of species range
It is a small shrub with attractive, pink, star-shaped flowers and is commonly cultivated.
The common name Virginia stock refers to a separate genus of the same family.
Sinobambusa farinosa T.H.Wen - Fujian, Guangdong, Guangxi, Jiangxi, Zhejiang
The name derives from the Ancient Greek metra or "heartwood" and sideron or "iron".
The seed also germinates without much difficulty, causing little plants to pop up in surrounding pots.
The flowers, which are sweet-scented, are usually white but pink flowering forms have been observed within the natural distribution.
Citropsis tanakae – Sierra Leone cherry orange
All species become big trees 30–35 m tall, rarely 45 m, with a trunk over 1 m trunk diameter, often buttressed at the base.
Summer grape prefers a drier upland habitat.
Found only in moist, shaded areas on the Island of Shikoku in Japan.
- Clasping Venus' looking-glass - widespread across North and South America from Canada to Argentina; naturalized in China, Korea, Australia
It can be planted in full sun or in partial shade.
Vulneraria montana Scopoli is a species of flowering plant native to the mountains of Southern Europe and parts of the Alps.
In New South Wales rainforests it can attain a height of 30 metres.
"CP teak" is a description of teak from the central states of India.
It grows to about 8 m in height.
Actephila consists of monoecious trees, shrubs, and subshrubs.
It is a fast-growing evergreen tree growing to 50 m in favourable conditions, but much smaller in poor soils.
It is common in of Cerrado vegetation in Brazil.
It is an herbaceous perennial growing to 1.2 m tall and wide, with mounds of branching stems covered in clouds of tiny white flowers in summer.
They are found from northern India to Bhutan, but are also cultivated in gardens.
Libertia is a genus of monocotyledenous plants in the family Iridaceae, first described as a genus in 1824.
Calystegia stebbinsii – Stebbins' False Bindweed, Stebbins' Morning Glory
Ptilimnium is a group of plants of the family Apiaceae described as a genus in 1819.
In addition, it is useful for beekeeping.
The plant was introduced to Europe in the 19th century during the European Potato Failure, where cultivation continues to this day for the Asian food market.
It is an erect annual plant that grows from 5 to 21 cm tall.
These roots are edible, traditionally eaten by the Chinook Indians.
It loves nitrogen rich soils, specially those a bit ruderalized.
The four main centres of distribution are Indonesia and Malaysia, Africa, Brazil, and Central America.
The trees were confirmed as a distinct species by DNA testing.
Lobelia tupa is a species of Lobelia native to central Chile from Valparaíso south to Los Lagos regions.
Solanum ptychanthum, West Indian nightshade or eastern black nightshade, is an annual or occasionally perennial plant in the Solanaceae family.
Baikiaea is the characteristic tree of two dry woodland ecoregions of southern Africa, the Kalahari Acacia-Baikiaea woodlands and Zambezian Baikiaea woodlands.
It is native to Europe and it is known elsewhere, including the Pacific Northwest of North America, as an introduced species where it has escaped cultivation.
It is a common tree of the Kalahari, bushveld and lowveld.
Ditta maestrensis Borhidi - Sierra Maestra in SE Cuba
Banksia splendida, commonly known as Shaggy Dryandra, is a shrub endemic to Western Australia.
It lacks the onion or garlic scent shared by most of the other species in the group.
The Balanophoraceae are a subtropical to tropical family of obligate parasitic flowering plants, notable for their unusual development and obscure affinities.
These plants are often planted as ornamentals and used medicinally as an herbal remedy.
A revision of the species in Madagascar and the other western Indian Ocean islands is in preparation, where the genus has an important centre of diversity.
Dimocarpus is a genus of about 20 species of trees or shrubs known to science, constituting part of the flowering plant family Sapindaceae.
Luffa is a genus of tropical and subtropical vines in the cucumber family.
It is regarded as invasive in most states of the USA and in some Canadian provinces such as Ontario, British Columbia, and Alberta.
Tridens flavus, the purpletop tridens, red top, or greasegrass, is a large, robust perennial bunchgrass native to eastern North America.
Other names for this tree are Achi, Egba, Emongi, Tola blanc, Tola branca, N'Tola.
^ Davidse, G., M. Sousa Sánchez, S. Knapp & F. Chiang Cabrera.
It is cultivated for its fruits in many countries.
Banksia prionotes, commonly known as acorn banksia or orange banksia, is a species of shrub or tree of the genus Banksia in the family Proteaceae.
Among ancient writers, the name amomum was ascribed to various odoriferous plants that cannot be positively identified today.
It is found on mountains and hills, at elevations of 150–1,800 metres.
Bombax species are used as food plants by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species including the leaf-miner Bucculatrix crateracma which feeds exclusively on Bombax ceiba.
Ornithopus perpusillus or little white bird's-foot, is a plant species of the genus Ornithopus.
The reddish stems and green, blade-shaped leaves are coated with a shiny cuticle to retain moisture.
It grows mainly in the temperate rainforests, but also grows in alpine areas.
The Teasel Banksia is a species of small shrub in the plant genus Banksia.
Furcraea hexapetala Urb., - southern Mexico, West Indies, Venezuela, Ecuador, Galápagos
Pallenis hierochuntica Greuter is sold under the name rose of Jericho.
For the nomadic Ababda, for example, trade in senna provides a significant source of income.
Romneya coulteri, the Coulter's Matilija poppy or California tree poppy, is a perennial species of flowering plant in the poppy family.
The young shoots of purple salsify can also be eaten, as well as young leaves [1].
The fresh fruit is also used in salads, desserts and main dishes.
It is not related to the ebony of commerce, but is instead a member of the mallow family, Malvaceae.
In eastern Asia and North America, its place is taken by the related species U. macrorhiza.
Crushed pennyroyal leaves emits a very strong fragrance similar to spearmint.
Native to tropical west Africa, it grows in Cameroon, Gabon, Ghana, Ivory Coast, Liberia, and Nigeria.
Hierochloe odorata or Anthoxanthum nitens is an aromatic herb native to northern Eurasia and North America.
They are perennial herbaceous plants with blue or sometimes white flowers that open from pink-tinged buds.
It occurs in West and Central Africa, where it is used as a vegetable.
Salak is a species of palm tree native to Java and Sumatra in Indonesia.
In the language of flowers, Hakea laurina symbolises nobility and longevity.
According to legend, Segou is home to 4,444 balanzan trees, plus one mysterious "missing tree" the location of which cannot be identified.
Its specific name, spinulosus, means "spiny" in Latin and is unusual for a plant with relatively short spines.
The entire genus is endemic to Australia.
Madia radiata Kellogg - golden madia - CA
The flowers are classically pea-shaped, and root nodulation is very common.
A native of Europe, Asia and North Africa, it has also been introduced into North America.
Nepenthes pervillei is the only pitcher plant found in the Seychelles, where it is endemic to the islands of Mahé and Silhouette.
- widespread across most of Mexico plus Arizona, New Mexico, Texas, Guatemala and Honduras
- S China, Indochina; naturalized in Angola, Japan, Java, E Himalayas
The inflorescences are located all along the stem branches next to the leaves.
The slightly fragrant white flowers emerge from a tall stalk that bolts from the base.
Coptis is a genus of between 10–15 species of flowering plants in the family Ranunculaceae, native to Asia and North America.
They grow in a variety of shapes: they can be huge and rounded, small and bottle shaped, or slim and serpentine, more than a metre long.
The corolla contains many narrow petals in shades of pink, purple, yellow, or white, and several staminodes that look very much like the petals.
The root as a dyestuff is soluble in alcohol, ether, and the oils, but is insoluble in water.
It is becoming rare due to habitat loss and over-harvesting.
Nicotiana alata is also sometimes called Persian Tobacco; this is mainly an ornamental plant however, grown for its pretty flowers and rarely for narghila tobacco.
It is a gnarled tree up to 10 m tall, or a lower spreading 1–3 m shrub in the more northern parts of its range.
Banksia arctotidis is a shrub endemic to Western Australia.
The St Helens Wax Flower is a small flowering shrub native to Tasmania, Australia.
Anisacanthus is a genus of flowering plants in the bear's breeches family, Acanthaceae.
The upper two petals are reddish violet, and the lower three are purplish to white with purple veining and yellow or orange bases.
S. javanicum and S. cordifolium also differ in their distribution with S. cordifolium's range endemic to northern Australia.
There is some evidence suggesting that the berries or their juice is useful in treating certain urinary tract infections.
The name tansy can refer specifically to Tanacetum vulgare, which may be called the common tansy or garden tansy for clarity.
This new genus Coelogyne should then contain about 160 species.
The plant is endemic to the Atlantic Forest ecoregion in southeastern Brazil.
The family comprises three extant genera: Sarracenia, Darlingtonia, and Heliamphora.
Inga stenophylla is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
Helianthus or sunflowers L.  is a genus of plants comprising about 70 species in the family Asteraceae.
It grows in the arid regions of western Canada, western United States and northern Mexico.
Speranskia is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae first described in 1858.
Collectively, these plants are also simply referred to as heliconias.
They grow naturally in rainforests and margins of adjoining humid forests in eastern Australia and New Guinea.
There are one to a few on a plant, growing on a slender peduncle.
It is native to the western part of Sichuan Province in southwestern China and cultivated elsewhere as an ornamental.
It is found in primary forest habitats in Amazonian Peru.
The trees are usually 17 m high and with 40 cm diameter.
It is called Akkal-Kara in Hindi, Akkal Kadha in Marathi, and Akkarakaaram.
The genus was named after J. de Medinilla, governor of the Mariana Islands in 1820.
In many urban areas, it has acquired the derisive nicknames of "ghetto palm", "stink tree", and "tree of Hell".
Four more have been discovered since that time.
The genus Oligoneuron is considered phylogenetically a basal or near-basal member of the subtribe Astereae.
Justicia sarithroides is a plant native of Cerrado vegetation of Brazil.
It has paired, lanceolate leaves, usually on unbranched stalks, and blue blooms which remain closed or nearly so.
It is 1 to 1.5 centimeters wide.
Rumex crispus, the curly dock, curled dock or yellow dock, is a perennial flowering plant in the family Polygonaceae, native to Europe and Western Asia.
Commercially it is marketed as Argentinian Brown Ebony, mistakenly as Brazilian Ebony, and as a family group as Partridgewood.
It grows in a variety of woodland habitats, and is often found in small woodland openings.
They are shrubs or small trees growing 1–6 m tall.
It is the sole species in the genus Spartium, but is closely related to the other brooms in the genera Cytisus and Genista.
Lithospermum prostratum is an ornamental plant native to Europe in the Boraginaceae family.
It is derived from Greek; poly means many and goni means knee or joint.
The colouring and grain pattern of the timber also makes it a popular choice for furniture manufactures.
Tree to 25 m tall; leaves smaller, with petiole up to 1 m long, and leaflets up to 1 m long.
Joseph Maiden raised it to species status in 1921.
Cariniana penduliflora is a species of woody plant in the Lecythidaceae family.
The genus is now generally included in Actaea.
It was later introduced to Spain, and then other European countries.
Not all of the species are heterostylous.
The woody, beaked fruits which follow are about 40 mm long and 20 mm wide.
Mexipedium is a monotypic genus of the Orchid family Orchidaceae, subfamily Cypripedioideae, consisting of only one species, Mexipedium xerophyticum.
Plants are monoecious or dioecious, the flowers are small, 4(2)-parted and usually borne in emergent leaf axils.
There are reports of isolated populations in the northwestern USA, but these are probably naturalized.
These beads of water were considered by alchemists to be the purest form of water.
It is classified as both a grain legume and, because of its high oil content, an oil crop.
This weedy species along with hare barley and smooth barley can be hard to control.
Indigofera sokotrana is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
Lanaria lanata is commonly known as Cape edelweiss or lambtails.
This species is reportedly pollinated by giant honey bees and birds, as well as bats.
Dendrobium is a huge genus of orchids.
Dissanthelium longifolium Tovar - Huánuco in Peru
Ixerba is an endemic of the northern half of the North Island of New Zealand.
The genus has been given its own tribe, the Pterocacteae.
This makes them tenacious plants and some species are considered weeds in places.
Campanula trachelium or nettle-leaved bellflower is a species of bellflower.
The water chestnut is not a nut at all, but an aquatic vegetable that grows in marshes, under water, in the mud.
Each raceme bears 6-13 small, purplish flowers that appear in June and July.
It is a small, usually short-lived deciduous tree growing to 6–8 m, with a trunk up to 25 cm in diameter.
Cistus is a genus of flowering plants in the rockrose family Cistaceae, containing about 20 species.
Notably, trees grow naturally in the Thylogale Nature Refuge.
The leaves are grey and hairy, oval to elliptic, 3 inches long and soft to the touch.
Desmodium pendulaeflorum is an ornamental plant of Fabaceae family.
Most species are in the Southern Hemisphere, especially in southern Africa.
There are four or five species in the genus.
Dalea searlsiae, with the common name Searls' prairie clover, is an uncommon perennial legume.
The plant is a significant source of food for the giant panda.
Lilium washingtonianum is a North American plant species in the lily family.
The leaves are heart-shaped, with coarse, rounded teeth.
Gymnocladus is a small genus of leguminous trees.
Viburnum is a genus of about 150–175 species of shrubs or small trees in the moschatel family, Adoxaceae.
The main countries growing soybeans are the United States, Brazil and Argentina.
Since propagation from seed has not yet been successful, all double chaconias have been propagated by cuttings from this individual.
The apetalous flowers are produced in small catkin-like inflorescences.
Many grow on saline soils, tolerating up to 15,000 ppm soluble salt and can also tolerate alkaline conditions.
It can be found at the margins of humid montane forests.
Dicraeopetalum stipulare is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
The name of this genus is derived from the Greek for "equal hair" referring to the pappus on the seed.
The stem leaves are lanceolate or oval-lanceolate, stalkless, half-clasping the stem.
It is native to India, Bangladesh, Cambodia, Laos, Burma, Thailand, Vietnam, Malaysia, Indonesia, and the Philippines.
It was known to be grown in cultivation in about 1658 and was illustrated by Carolus Clusius.
Vanda is a genus in the orchid family, which although not massive, is one of the genera more commonly found in the marketplace.
The first of the above mentioned plants is a form, certainly intermediate between N. sanguinea and N. singalana.
Kola nuts are notable for their high content of caffeine, and in past were commonly used for preparing of various cola drinks.
Avena fatua is a typical oat in appearance, a green grass with hollow, erect stems 1 to 4 feet tall bearing nodding panicles of spikelets.
It is native to China, Southeast Asia and New Guinea.
It shows the same variations of dark red with magenta dots.
It is also widely naturalized in many places, including most of North and South America.
In the south of its range, it only occurs at high altitudes in mountains.
The following list includes species accepted as members of Argythamnia as of September 2014.
The round-shaped fruit is a 12–15 mm diameter aggregation of drupelets; it is edible, and has a high content of anthocyanins and ellagic acid.
There are disjunct populations in Africa including the Ethiopian Highlands, the mountains of Ruwenzori and the Cameroon Mountains.
The genus is usually placed in the birch family Betulaceae, though some botanists split the hazels into a separate family Corylaceae.
It flowers usually in the winter and spring months, August to November.
It is widespread in northern Europe, eastern Asia and North America.
It contains 32 genera, totalling about 1200 species.
Lepanthopsis orchids are very small, often with flowers measuring less than 1 centimeter across.
The stem first grows upright, but bends early in development and becomes pendulous.
The bark is smooth or matt, mottled grey and very white/grey or light grey-brown.
Acacia covenyi is a rare plant from Southern New South Wales.
It is a shrub with stiff, prickly, divided leaves and pink to purple "toothbrush" flowers.
Matucana was erected by Britton & Rose in 1922.
Eschweilera sclerophylla is a species of woody plant in the Lecythidaceae family.
The genus has been monotypic until a second species, Dirachma somalensis, was discovered in Somalia and described in 1991.
Common names for the species in English include wood-apple and elephant-apple.
Millettia pterocarpa is a species of legume in the family Fabaceae.
About 8 other species of Xylotheca are to be found in central Africa and Madagascar.
Platanthera leucophaea, commonly known as the prairie white fringed orchid or eastern prairie fringed orchid, is a rare species of orchid native to North America.
It grows in moist places and is native to much of Europe, northwest Africa and southwest Asia.
Its scientific name commemorates the British queen Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz.
Banksia serratuloides is a shrub endemic to Western Australia.
On the stems these form at nodes and are likely the reason for the common name of rosary vine.
Brocchinia reducta  is one of few carnivorous bromeliads.
Lonchocarpus santarosanus, the Chapelno Blanco, is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
The entire genus is endemic to Australia.
Most well-known among these are H. phyllostachya of Madagascar and its cultivars, commonly called polka dot plant.
Giromon - A large, green cultivar, grown primarily in the Antilles.
C. alba can grow to 3 m high, but variegated forms are less vigorous.
This is apparent in the absence of Craspedia from parts of western Tasmania which are characterised by soils derived from pre-Cambrian quartzose rock.
Mimosa loxensis is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
Rafflesia kerrii is a member of the genus Rafflesia.
S. stenophyllum is most closely related to S. pachyrrhizum.
Prunus cerasifera is a species of plum known by the common names cherry plum and myrobalan plum.
It has long narrow serrated leaves and bright yellow inflorescences, or flower spikes, held above the foliage, which appear in spring and summer.
The range of D. brevifolia is from east Texas to Florida and north to Virginia.
Hummingbirds often will feed from the nectar-filled "goldfish" flowers.
Viola riviniana, the common dog-violet, is a species of the genus Viola native to Eurasia and Africa.
Mucuna pruriens is a tropical legume native to Africa and tropical Asia and widely naturalized and cultivated.
Some of the plants are alternatively placed in the genus Venidium.
They were placed in Capparaceae until DNA studies showed them to be more closely related to Resedaceae that to Capparaceae.
The fruit has a citrus flavour, sometimes described as a combination of rhubarb and lime.
The ancestors of the genus are believed to have entered South America during the late Cretaceous.
Botrypus virginianus, sometimes called rattlesnake fern is a species of perennial fern in the adders-tongue family.
Maclura pomifera, commonly known as the Osage orange, is a small deciduous tree or large shrub, typically growing to 8 to 15 metres tall.
It is also known as the Asiatic elm and dwarf elm, but sometimes miscalled the 'Chinese Elm'.
Due to a high concentration of pyrrolizidine alkaloids, it is poisonous to grazing livestock, especially those with simple digestive systems, like horses.
Monosolenium tenerum is a weedy species of liverwort found in east Asia.
Kayea ferruginea is a plant belonging to Calophyllaceae family; It was renamed as Mesua ferruginea and references from 1980s refer to K. ferruginea as Mesua ferruginea.
They are evergreen short-lived perennials and subshrubs with a sprawling habit, with small petunia-type flowers.
The leaves are made up of many pairs of slightly hairy oval-shaped leaflets, each up to about 3 centimeters long.
It is also used for making lawns in parks and gardens and is common in cool moist climates like the northeastern United States.
It is found in dry forests and woodlands across Victoria and into southern New South Wales.
The main growing regions are Brazil, Costa Rica, Veracruz Mexico and Abkhazia, Georgia.
It is a slender, upright tree which grows 5-7 metres in height, at forest margins, rocky outcrops, hillsides, and termite mounds.
It has become naturalised in a small region of northeastern New South Wales in Australia.
Hanguana loi Mohd Fahmi, Sofiman Othman & P.C.Boyce - Sarawak
It is defined to contain two families: Canellaceae and Winteraceae, which comprise 136 species of fragrant trees and shrubs.
It is native to Mexico and Central and South America and it has become one of the world's most invasive species.
It is known for its bright white or yellow flowers in late summer.
Flindersia is a genus of 17 species of trees in the family Rutaceae.
The Laurales are an order of flowering plants.
It thrives in a variety of soil types but avoids the acid and calcareous extremes of pH, and prefers well drained soils.
They have, however, been widely cultivated throughout the world as ornamentals for their white flowers and red fruits.
It is a cold-hardy perennial wetland plant that can grow in large colonies.
Heimia is a genus of flowering plants in the loosestrife family, Lythraceae.
These orchids have two leaves, arising from a pseudobulb, covered with a foliaceous sheath.
It is widespread through Mexico, Guatemala, Canada, St. Pierre & Miquelon, and much of the Western and northern United States.
Justicia irwinii is a plant native of Cerrado vegetation of Brazil.
However, the flower stalks of Kingia australis are completely different from that of Xanthorrhoea species.
The species grow to between 0.5–2 m tall, with large inflorescences of small five-petalled flowers, creamy-white to pink-tinged in most species, dark pink in F. rubra.
Dalbergia brachystachya is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
Colletia stands out by having two axillary buds instead of one, one developing into a thorn, the other one into a shoot.
The taste is considered less sour, as well as sweeter and stronger, than that of an orange.
Pollen from the tree was found near the Antarctic Peninsula showing that it formerly grew in Antarctica since the Eocene period.
Smaller leaves occur higher on the stem.
Ingestion of a single seed, well chewed, can be fatal to both adults and children.
The morphology of the pitchers closely resembles N. bicalacarata, although the peristome is more similar to that of N. gracilis.
Summer savory is preferred over winter savory for use in sausages because of its sweeter, more delicate aroma.
In addition to the blue-flowered species, 'Alba', a white flowered cultivar is also popular in cultivation.
In the fall, leafy stalks will detach from the parent plant, float away, root, and start new plants.
I. latifolia grows to a height of 50 cm.
It is "Listed as Vulnerable" under the Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999.
It is an achlorophyllous orchid growing entirely underground.
This plant is hardy in most of the UK and is available from specialist and larger garden centres.
It bears small, easily recognizable flowers up to 1 centimeter in width.
The bark of the balsam tree is cut to cause the sap to flow out.
Kangaroo paws are much in demand as house plants and as cut flowers.
Torenia is a genus of plants now classified in the family Linderniaceae.
It was formerly included in the Plantaginaceae, but reclassified based on genetic evidence.
It should be kept in a dry place and away from vermin.
Brachypodium phoenicoides - Mediterranean from Portugal + Morocco to Greece
It is native to eastern North America and collectively referred to as pawpaw.
These were transferred to Gomesa and a new genus Nohawilliamsia, has been described for Oncidium orthostates
Most members of the genus are perennial plants with pubescent leaves with stellate trichomes, narrow curving fruits, and small white to purple flowers in elongated racemes.
In the Quechua languages it is called chacruna or chacrona.
The white or greenish corolla has a reflexed standard petal and keel petals that are fused at the bases.
The leaves are opposite, simple broad lanceolate to ovate, 2–8 cm long and 0.5–4 cm broad.
In 2010, a phylogenetic comparison of DNA data showed that Reynoldsia was polyphyletic, consisting of two groups that are not each other's closest relatives.
This species lacks a scape but has cymose inflorescences that are 4-11 cm long.
The plant is very vigorous, with stiff upright stems protected by large and frequent thorns.
The leaves are pinnate, with two leaflets and a branched twining tendril at the apex of the petiole.
Tiliacora triandra is a species of flowering plant native to mainland Southeast Asia and used particularly in the cuisines of northeast Thailand and Laos.
The large, plicate leaves are parallel-nerved and resemble those of Peristeria and Lycaste, while the structure of the flowers bears a closer resemblance to Stanhopea.
It has an extensive range, from northern KwaZulu-Natal northwards along the east coast and into the southern African interior, and northwards into tropical Africa.
Br., is native to the coastal mountains and valleys of southwestern Oregon south to the San Francisco Bay Area
It is a close relative of carambola tree.
Bambusa mutabilis McClure - Hainan; naturalized in Puerto Rico
Some authors describe separate varieties, which are ecotypes adapted to specific, often very limited, habitat types.
Maxillarieae is a large and complex tribe of orchids native to South and Central America.
Nephrophyllidium is a monotypic genus of aquatic flowering plants in the family Menyanthaceae.
The flowers are yellow, and held in spherical clusters about five millimetres in diameter.
Alonsoa meridionalis, is an ornamental plant in the Scrophulariaceae family.
Kingiodendron platycarpum is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
Moreover, since the introduction of tropical species into cultivation in the 19th century, horticulturists have produced more than 100,000 hybrids and cultivars.
Dasypogonaceae is a family of flowering plants.
The leaves, branches and twigs of the genus are hairy.
Its members were previously included in the genus Senecio, but were divided out based on chromosome numbers, a variety of morphological characters, and molecular phylogeny.
Common names include maloxo, muqum, paloflojo, Timbo Blanco, Timbo-ata, and also "canafistula" though this usually is Golden Shower Tree.
It was growing at an elevation of 930 m in a very limited area.
Its flowers were regarded as a symbol of purity in the Tang Dynasty and it was planted in the grounds of the Emperor's palace.
It is widely grown in tropical regions as a leaf vegetable.
Garden cultivars are hybrids between S. candida and S. malviflora.
It is native to South America and is naturalised in Africa, Australasia, Europe, and North America.
Dune Sheoak was first collected in 1840 by Johann Priess.
For full development they must be planted in the ground.
The fruit is a siliqua 12–35 millimetres long with an apical beak, and containing several seeds.
The small flowers are unisexual, the female flowers borne in pairs, the male flowers wind-pollinating catkins.
Many of the species will produce hybrids if they come into contact.
Some species are found in the eastern United States and southeast Canada, and others extend as far south as Guatemala.
The fruit is a capsule opening vertically from the top to the base.
It a small fast-growing waxy-looking shrub that grows next to creeks.
It is sometimes considered to be a variety of Rosa odorata, as R. odorata var.
D. cuneifolia can become up to 3 cm in height without the inflorescence and 15 cm wide.
It is grown as an ornamental plant for its scented flowers; several cultivars have been selected with flower colour ranging from white to dark blue.
Ruellia trachyphylla is a plant native of Cerrado vegetation of Brazil.
Bark is grey to brown, rough, and somewhat coarsely reticulate, narrowly fissured and transversely cracked.
As a result, the blackcurrant has for most of the 20th century been subject to restrictions in parts of the United States as a disease vector.
The circumscription of Boraginales is essentially identical to the circumscription of Boraginaceae sensu APG.
The Nahuatl word tomatl gave rise to the Spanish word "tomate", from which the English word tomato originates.
The leaves are ovate to elliptic, green to dark green, with a pattern of fine wrinkles.
Some insects have evolved the ability to deal with Lonchocarpus toxins and feed on these plants.
Osyris is a genus of plants in the family Santalaceae, one of the many genera known as sandalwoods.
Synonyms include Banksia abyssinica, Brayera anthelmintica, Hagenia abyssinica var.
Erica jasminiflora is an endangered species of Erica, native to South Africa.
The genus name is a tribute to Italian, Jesuit Botanist and botanical artist Giovanni Baptista Ferrari.
Leaves are oblong and are covered with short hairs on both surfaces.
This species is an erect annual herb that stands 6–15 cm tall.
The leaves are narrow lanceolate, keeled and often dark-spotted.
Scopolia is a genus of five species of flowering plants in the family Solanaceae, native to Europe and Asia.
They have 5 or 3 long-pointed lobes with wavy or coarsely toothed edges.
They have often a sweet scent, attracting different kinds of pollinators, such as bees, wasps and beetles.
It is fast-growing and well-distributed species that lives in several climatic conditions.
Juncaceae is a family of flowering plants, commonly known as the rush family.
It is noted for its large berries.
The plant grows to a height of 6 to 12 in.
It is a herbaceous plant, which can reach 30 cm tall.
Dichorisandra thyrsiflora J.C.Mikan - southeastern Brazil; naturalized in Peru + Java
It can be distinguished from related genera, Cyclolobium and Limadendron by:
The leaves are opposite, simple, and entire, toothed or lobed; cool temperate species are deciduous, while most of the warm temperate species are evergreen.
Manicaria saccifera is an obligate swamp species, and as most other palms, it thrives in the wet, humid conditions of tropical lowland forests.
The leaves are trifoliate, roughly veined beneath, dark green, and often persisting through the winter, arising from short crowns.
The Slender-leaved banksia is a species of shrub in the plant genus Banksia.
The flowers are 1–2 cm diameter, with five white to pale yellow or pink petals and yellow stamens.
Argyrodendron has often been treated as a synonym of Heritiera, but a recent molecular study shows it to be distinct therefrom.
It was named by botanist John Lindley.
Holcoglossum amesianum is an orchid species in the genus Holcoglossum.
Salix subfragilis is a species of willow native to Japan, Korea, Russian Far East and northern China.
Its common name is the golden rat tail.
Theobroma is a genus of flowering plants in the mallow family, Malvaceae, that is sometimes classified as a member of Sterculiaceae.
Pomaderris brunnea, Rufous Pomaderris - southeastern Australia
It grows to about 1 to 3 metres in height and has reddish-purple flowers that appear in spring.
Pappus present with bristles 6–11 mm long.
It is native to the Malay Peninsula and Borneo.
The leaves are bipinnate or tripinnate, with a feathery appearance, and green to strongly glaucous blue-green in colour.
The species was first described by Johannes Conrad Schauer, the specific epithet is in honour of Ferdinand Bauer.
It can be found in Tierra del Fuego and on the Falkland Islands.
The Persoonioideae are a subfamily of closely releted genera within the large and diverse family Proteaceae and incorporates such genera as Persoonia, Acidonia, Toronia and Placospermum.
The complex green-yellow inflorescence, typical of Euphorbia, appears in late spring and early summer.
The toxin present in the spines is triffydin.
Additionally V. pubescens has both basal and cauline leaves while V. rotundifolia has only basal leaves.
Agropyron fragile - Siberian wheatgrass - from Caucasus to Mongolia; naturalized in scattered locales in western United States + Canada
Triglochin alcockiae – Cycnogeton alcockiae – Australia
The flowers attract butterflies and bees for pollination.
Cinnamon myrtle is a spice form of B. myrtifolia.
Clematis is a genus of about 300 species within the buttercup family Ranunculaceae.
Its flowering period begins at lower elevations as early as the beginning of May and ends in higher elevations at the end of July.
Also, its leaves contain compounds of medical interest.
Individual plants spread stems along the ground and send up the knobby flowers at intervals.
Adamantinia is a monotypic genus of orchids, described in 2004 by Cássio van den Berg and Cezar Neubert Gonçalves.
The fruit is an aggregate fruit 1 cm diameter, made up of numerous drupelets.
It is the only species currently classified in the genus Nerium.
The male and female flowers are on distinct specimens.
Desmoncus is a genus of spiny palms native to the Neotropics.
It is also found in the form of a stunted, spreading shrub, near the south coast and whenever it occurs among granite rocks.
Amsonia grandiflora Alexander – Arizona Bluestar - Arizona, Sonora, Durango
Some also eat the peel, which is very rich in vitamin C and dietary fiber.
The species was mentioned by Pliny the Elder in the first century AD and by the great herbalists, including Dioscorides.
This plant is cited in Flora Brasiliensis by Carl Friedrich Philipp von Martius.
The flowers bloom from mid-spring to early summer.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Myosotis is a genus of flowering plants in the family Boraginaceae.
In Khmer, it is called sânndaèk triës.
Its precise and natural distribution is uncertain, owing to its extensive cultivation and naturalization throughout the temperate and tropical regions of the globe.
It produces tufts of long, narrow leaves sheathed together at the bases.
Galearis is a genus of the orchid family native to North America and eastern Asia.
Parodiodendron is a monotypic plant genus under the family Picrodendraceae, described as a genus in 1969.
The plant is fast-growing and highly competitive.
It was renamed firstly as Aster teretifolius in 1865 and finally Olearia teretifolia in 1867 by Victorian Government Botanist Ferdinand von Mueller.
Lamb's-ear flowers in late spring and early summer; plants produce tall spike-like stems with a few reduced leaves.
It produces one to many stems 7 to 70 centimeters tall.
In addition, there is an older name for the watermelon, Citrullus battich Forssk., which would normally have to the precedence over Momordica lanata Thunberg.
Its flowers, produced from July to September, are in great numbers and are creamy-colored bell-shaped.
They are being kept under observation to ensure they do not escape into the wild.
Chapmannia gracilis is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
The flowers are born on leafless shoots, also called scapes.
The red cabbage is a kind of cabbage, also known as purple cabbage, red kraut, or blue kraut after preparation.
Patersonia is a genus of flowering plants in the Iridaceae commonly known as native iris or native flag.
The female flowers have pink/ red pistils.
– Ribbed false pennyroyal - Mexico, Guatemala, Texas, Arizona, New Mexico
Distribution is of limited occurrence on the Northern Tablelands, New South Wales, particularly in the Walcha, to Tenterfield, area and to the east.
It contains two species of shrubs and small trees which are endemic to Madagascar.
Species tend to have specific flowering seasons, though local environmental factors tend to effect exact timing, sometimes considerably.
The fruit is a cypsela with a pappus of narrow scales or simple or plume-like bristles.
They have been used to create various hybrids.
Glossy leaves are very ornamental in contrast with dark pink buds and snow white flowers.
The large leaves form a rounded crown.
It is pollinated by, and is a food source for, birds, mammals, and insects.
The seeds and young leaves were used by the Hopi Indians as a food source.
Paphiopedilum emersonii, described in 1982, is a species of orchid named after American orchid enthusiast Emerson 'Doc' Charles.
The two upper blue petals may fold together to face each other, or stick straight out.
They generally flower later than members of the Truncata Group and are more likely to be called Christmas cactus.
It is one of the several species of the so-called reed.
Prostanthera monticola – Monkey Mint-bush, Buffalo Mint-bush
The leaves appear at the time of expansion of the flower.
The tree ranges from Veracruz in Mexico south to Atlántico in Colombia.
The small flowers are often conspicuously spotted, and are borne at the base of the leaves.
Emilia sonchifolia, also known as lilac tasselflower or cupid's shaving brush is tropical flowering species of tasselflower and in the sunflower family.
However, the flowers of A. bibullatus are pinkish purple in contrast to the white flowers of A. tennesseensis.
It inhabits the drier hill slopes, while its close relative Lobelia keniensis prefers the moister valley bottoms.
Flower size and color are extremely variable.
Adrorhizon purpurascens is a species of orchid.
It is native to Brazil, typically in Cerrado vegetation.
It is a tall tree that produces timber of high commercial value.
Other sources maintain them as distinct species with non-overlapping native distributions.
The formal reconfiguration of this family was published by Nickrent and co-workers in 2010 and this concept is shown below.
This wattle is very popular in cultivation.
They are endemic to Australia, occurring primarily in the south.
When not found in cultivation, the plant may be found growing wild, often as a weed which invades disturbed areas and rangeland.
Grazing practices are changed to assure that land is not denuded, since land which is disturbed by overgrazing is susceptible to halogeton invasion.
The plant is similar in appearance to other members of the carrot family, with finely divided, feathery leaves with thread-like divisions, growing on 20–30 cm stems.
Banksia grandis, commonly known as Bull Banksia, Giant Banksia or Mangite, is a common and distinctive tree in South West Western Australia.
It was known as Dryandra carlinoides until 2007, when all Dryandra species were transferred to Banksia by Austin Mast and Kevin Thiele.
The Celastraceae, are a family of 96 genera and 1,350 species of herbs, vines, shrubs and small trees, belonging to the order Celastrales.
Flowers individually open in the morning and close by mid afternoon, lasting just one day.
Lupinus angustifolius is a species of lupin known by many common names, including narrowleaf lupin, narrow-leaved lupin and blue lupin.
Once the glue has set, the bee is let free and he can now dry his wings and fly off.
It is an important weed of cultivated crops, lawns, and golf courses.
The woolly leaves are heart-shaped to kidney-shaped with toothed edges and sometimes shallow lobes.
Other species, such as E. amabilis, are used as ornamental plants.
The small flowers are, pink, white, or greenish, forming in summer in dense clusters from the leaf joints or stem apices.
The flowers are small, borne in axillary cymes, unisexual with both genders occurring on the same plant, greenish yellow, and pollinated by wind.
Linum perenne is flowering plant in the family Linaceae, native to Europe, primarily in the Alps and locally in England.
Consolida is a genus of about 40 species of annual flowering plants in the family Ranunculaceae, native to western Europe, the Mediterranean and Asia.
The leftover of internal pressure is embodied by the constant streams of bubbles that outbreak when rising leaves are ruptured in the spring.
It is also referred to as wall barley and are tetraploids.
These are bluish grey in colour, and may be up to eight centimetres long and eight millimetres wide.
This is may be a signal to pollinators that a flower is old and depleted of pollen and nectar.
Settlers cleared part of the forest and the tree was used for many purposes including building construction and was especially prized for shipbuilding.
Holmskioldia is a genus of flowering plants in the mint family, Lamiaceae.
It is known by several common names including cowherb, cowcockle, cow basil, cow soapwort, and prairie carnation.
The name leucodermis means "white skin", referring to the white appearance of the stems because of a thick waxy coating on the surface.
The genus was named by Carl Linnaeus and John Ellis after Dr. Alexander Garden, a Scottish-born American naturalist.
The specific epithet lamii honours Dutch botanist Herman Johannes Lam, who made one of the earliest known collections of this species.
The trees are usually found by river and lake edges because their seeds are carried there by floods.
Stylidium tenellum is a dicotyledonous plant that belongs to the genus Stylidium.
Both 4- and 5-sepaled and petaled members are known.
In South India, it is called Musambi in Kannada and Malayalam, Bathaya Kaayalu(బత్తాయి కాయలు) in Telugu, and sathukudi in Tamil.
The flowers are a yellowish-green, turning brown by the winter.
Machaerium is a genus of legume in the Fabaceae family, and was recently assigned to the informal monophyletic Dalbergia clade of the Dalbergieae.
It is the only genus in the family Ceratophyllaceae, itself the only family in the order Ceratophyllales.
Many species are cultivated for their 2-lipped, hooded flowers in shades of blue, pink, white and purple.
The vernacular name recalls the similarity between its inflorescences and those of Cornus species, the dogwoods of Europe and North America.
argentea is a tree which grows to 7 m high.
Discocarpus is a genus of the plant family Phyllanthaceae first described as a genus in 1841.
Members of the family are native to European, Asian, African, Australian, and American tropics or subtropics, with some temperate members.
Can take full sun with adequate moisture like in a tropical location but best in shade.
Their hosts are woody shrubs and trees.
It is endemic to Africa and its adjacent islands.
The flowers are 3-4 cm diameter, bright yellow, and strongly perfumed, produced in trusses of 5-25 together.
They are popular in cultivation, but must be grown indoors where temperatures fall below 10 °C.
tristis, known as curve-leaf yucca, curved-leaved Spanish-dagger or pendulous yucca, is a variety of Yucca gloriosa.
In nature it is a rare shrub with hairy branches and leaves, and blue, purple or violet flowers.
It is the sole genus in the family Griseliniaceae; in the past it was often placed in Cornaceae but differs from that in many features.
If the animal dies, the plant may gain nutrients as the animal decomposes nearby, though this has not been confirmed.
Larvae of the foxglove pug, a moth, consume the flowers of the common foxglove for food.
The White Mountain Apache call it ha 'il chii' gah.
It is especially common in second growth, Douglas-fir or western redcedar forests, making use of those pools of sunlight that intermittently reach the ground.
A third was recorded as a sapling but is believed to have been destroyed by deer.
Fossil wood attributed to the Monimiaceae has been found in the Eastern Cape Province of South Africa and on James Ross Island, Antarctica.
The Swordfish Banksia, commonly known as the swordfish banksia or palm banksia, is a species of shrub in the plant genus Banksia.
is a palm native to Amazon Rainforest in Brazil.
The name is derived from the Latin term for a dice-box, and probably refers to the checkered pattern of the flowers of many species.
The plant has a distinct sweet aroma, which attracts the insects upon which it preys.
Currently, it can be found only in an area of approximately 8,000 km2 in the southwest of Morocco.
The butterfly known as the grizzled skipper is known to favour this plant which is often found growing in crushed masonry in the South of England.
White flowers appear in mid summer to mid autumn.
It is thought to attract prey by means of blue fluorescence.
Most species produce floral oils and are visited by specialist pollinators in the apid tribe Ctenoplectrini.
All parts of the plant contain a glycoside called wisterin which is toxic if ingested and may cause nausea, vomiting, stomach pains, and diarrhea.
Zingiberales contain eight families that are informally considered as two groups, differing in the number of fertile stamens.
The bark is smooth, and fibrous near the trunk base.
Icacinaceae belongs to the order Icacinales along with Oncothecaceae.
Acer rubrum is one of the most common and widespread deciduous trees of eastern and central North America.
It is native to much of western North America, where it grows in varied habitat.
Hybrids generally have these traits to a lesser degree.
Brahea armata, commonly known as Mexican blue palm or "blue hesper palm", is a palm is native to Baja California.
Attempts have been made in recent years to repopularise the species in Britain with new cultivated varieties appearing in garden centres.
They are quite colorful : tan overlaid with contrasting reddish-purple spots.
Banksia dentata, commonly known as the tropical banksia, is a species of tree in the genus Banksia.
The flowers are made up of bright yellow petals, the lowermost being streaked or veined with purple and the lateral petals with purplish undersides.
It is found in Belize, Guatemala, and Honduras.
Chimonanthus is a genus of flowering plants in the family Calycanthaceae, endemic to China.
Thlaspi, or pennycress, is a genus of herbs of temperate regions of the Eurasian continent.
Nannorrhops ritchiana is the sole species in the genus Nannorrhops in the palm family Arecaceae.
The fruit is delicious and is said to taste like gooseberries.
It has also been used in herbalism to treat cuts and kidney ailments.
Some regard these as being among of the most splendid looking of all orchids.
The Noongar peoples know the plant as koweda.
Spiranthes is a genus of orchids in the subfamily Orchidoideae.
Tartar buckwheat was domesticated in east Asia, and is also cultivated in Europe and North America.
Ribes alpinum grows to 2 m tall and 1.5 m broad, with an upright and dense shape.
Its native range is widespread, but mainly in European mountains, such as the Alps and the Carpathians, and the northern parts of Asia.
Except for three species in South America, all Helianthus species are native to North America.
It is also one of several trees known as "flame tree".
The following cultivars have gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit:-
The leaves are 1–3 cm long and 2 millimetres broad, shiny dark green, hairy underneath, borne in whorls of 8–12.
The stems of Stephanotis can reach 10 ft or more, but it is usually sold twined around a wire hoop.
It is one of the parent species of the hybrid Vanda 'Miss Joaquim', which was originally hybridised by Agnes Joaquim.
The wood is durable and used for boat-building.
The Urticaceae include a number of well-known and useful plants, including nettles in the genus Urtica, ramie, māmaki, and ajlai.
Mitella diphylla is a clump forming, open woodland plant native to eastern North America.
It is found only in the Minas Gerais state of south-east Brazil, in regions close to the city of Belo Horizonte.
The name "lime", possibly a corruption of "line" originally from "lind", has been in use for centuries and also attaches to other species of Tilia.
One plant can produce many small flower heads, each with pink, lilac, or occasionally white ray florets and yellow disc florets.
Commonly called greenhood orchids, they are terrestrial, deciduous, perennial, tuberous, herbs found in Australia, New Zealand, New Guinea, New Caledonia and one Indonesian island.
During summer in South Africa, D. cuneifolia oversummers.
It is found in Ecuador and Peru.
It is grown as an ornamental plant for its attractive inflorescences and when done flowering for its infructescence.
It now grows in other warm regions, as well.
Used as a medicinal herb, Schizonepeta tenuifolia,, is cultivated chiefly in the provinces of Jiangsu, Zhejiang and Jiangxi, China.
These are perennial herbs with oppositely or almost oppositely arranged leaves.
The genus is particularly well represented in Madagascar.
In Western Australia it was observed to be invasive in disturbed areas.
It is an evergreen that grows to a height of up to 3 metres.
Brocchinia species are native primarily to the ancient Guayana Shield in southern Venezuela and Guyana, with some species extending into Colombia and northern Brazil.
The genus name comes from the Greek kolla, a reference to the seeds, which become gelatinous in texture when wet.
Orthosiphon thymiflorus Sleesen - tropical Africa, Madagascar, Saudi Arabia, India, Sri Lanka, Indochina, Java
Dianthus deltoides is a species of Dianthus native to most of Europe and western Asia.
In others, such as Fuchsia, the seeds develop in juicy berries dispersed by animals.
is a plant native to Cerrado vegetation of Brazil, China, and Nepal.
It grows in wet areas near the banks of streams at elevations above 450 m above sea level.
It has several common names, including Guanabana, and Soursop.
Tigridia hallbergii Molseed - central + southern Mexico, Guatemala
Growing to 10 m, it is a vigorous, deciduous woody vine, notable for its showy trumpet-shaped flowers.
Its flowers is white, perulate and solitary.
The legume Sesbania bispinosa, also known as Sesbania aculeata Pers., is a small tree in the genus Sesbania.
Hylandia dockrillii, commonly named blushwood, is the only known species.
The inflorescences extend out beyond the crown, reaching 5 metres in length.
Plants flower repeatedly over the course of their lifespan and have separate male and female flowers, although these are borne together on the same inflorescence.
There is a species of bee that exclusively visits Pontederia cordata; waterfowl also eat the fruit of the plant.
Thelypodium howellii, the Howell's thelypody or Howell's thelypodium, is a rare plant of the Western United States.
Nephthytis is a genus of eight species of flowering plants in the family Araceae, native to tropical western Africa, with one species in Borneo.
It is also found in North America.
Prior to its introduction it was believed that Desert wheatgrass and crested wheatgrass are different species.
Some species rely on fire regimes for germination, and are an understorey dominant and nitrogen fixer.
White storage onion types include; 'White Wing' and 'Sierra Blanca'.
The bark is smooth, powdery, usually white but in autumn, butter yellow.
Commonly known as locusts, they are deciduous trees and shrubs growing 4–25 metres tall.
Hymenostegia bakeriana is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
The crop is cultivated like the potato, but must be given a strong trellis for support.
The stem and leaf surfaces have a few short, stiff hairs.
It is named for Lewis B. Cullman and Dorothy Cullman, philanthropists and supporters of the New York Botanical Garden.
The leaves have considerable variation in form, ranging in colour from white to green, and are often covered in fine hairs.
Schefflera arboricola is a flowering plant in the family Araliaceae, native to Taiwan as well as Hainan.
The family is cosmopolitan, occurring in temperate and subtropical climates, but almost unknown in the tropics.
Leaves are trifoliate, oval, up to 8 cm long, with small urcinate hairs.
Consistently grows to maximum 3m and so makes a very popular indoor or patio plant, requiring a position with indirect sun light.
In India, it is also called wild karanda /wild karavanda, referring to the related karanda.
The northernmost species is found at 31°N in southern Japan.
It includes a number of other well known cultivated plants, such as freesias, gladioli and crocuses.
Adenia is a genus of flowering plants in the passionflower family, Passifloraceae.
It ranges from southern Pakistan eastward throughout India to Myanmar and Thailand and south to Sri Lanka.
In the Mediterranean Basin and in Northern Europe, celeriac grows wild and is widely cultivated.
The genus Axinandra includes four species, one in Sri Lanka and the others in Borneo and the Malay Peninsula.
and several other species have only a diluted connection with the core species of Oncidium.
Where it has been introduced in north America it may be used by the anise swallowtail.
The stems are smooth, branching, swollen at the base, purple-striped, and hollow except for partitions at the junction of the leaves and stem.
The species are herbaceous, mostly perennial plants growing to 0.5–3 m tall, with simple or branched stems.
One species, Ardisia japonica is one of the 50 fundamental herbs in traditional Chinese medicine.
They have a wide distribution in East Asia, Australasia, Africa, and the Americas.
Spirodela often forms floating mats with related species, e.g.
Brahea edulis is a palm endemic to Guadalupe Island, Mexico; a few stands have been planted elsewhere.
The yellow flowers are quite small, and the plant has greenish-yellowish foliage.
Chaenomeles is used as a food plant by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species including the brown-tail and the leaf-miner Bucculatrix pomifoliella.
They are usually gnarled in shape, but in certain areas some trees are 15–20 m tall and have 2 m-thick trunks.
It was later identified on Guadalupe Island, and on San Clemente Island and Catalina Island.
Cyperus papyrus is a species of aquatic flowering plant belonging to the sedge family Cyperaceae.
It is found in Cyprus and Cuba.
Tecomanthe is a tropical genus not otherwise represented in New Zealand.
This plant is cited in Annotated Checklist of the Flowering Plants of Nepal; first published as "Naturbilder aus Südwest China" by Österreichischer Bundesverlag, Vienna, 1927.
It grows in sunny locations and a variety of soils, and functions as a pioneer species in ecological succession.
It and the related Bischofia polycarpa are the only two members of genus Bischofia and tribe Bischofieae.
Open areas of this kind were made by wildfire, fires set by Native Americans, and the grazing activity of animals.
Dodecatheon is a genus of herbaceous flowering plants in the family Primulaceae.
Purpleheart comes from the rainforests of Brazil, Guyana, and Suriname.
The Raparadish group are allopolyploid hybrids between Raphanus sativus and Brassica rapa, used as fodder crops
The bark is most fragrant and exudes a slightly sticky, milky sap when punctured, characteristic of the Apocynaceae family.
Lomatia tasmanica, commonly known as King's lomatia, is a Tasmanian shrub from the family Proteaceae.
Ammobium is genus of perennial Asteraceae species described as a genus in 1824.
Durio dulcis, known as durian marangang, red durian, tutong, or lahong, is a fairly large tree in the genus Durio.
The leaf underside is a striking purple color.
Pycnocomeae is a tribe of plant of the family Euphorbiaceae.
Some species are commonly cultivated and can be grown in pots and baskets.
Lithocarpus trees are evergreen trees with leathery, alternate leaves, which may be either entire or toothed.
It is commonly confused with mare's tail, Hippuris vulgaris.
It is possible to form hybrids in some instances between multiple genera within the Oncidiinae.
Glechoma × pannonica Borbás - eastern Russia, Ukraine, Hungary, Baltic Republics
It has sparse foliage that forms a rounded outline.
Many named hybrid cultivars were bred from S. bulbifera and S. tricolor.
The fruit is oblong-shaped and dark red in color, although some varieties have white or pink skins.
The flower spikes age to grey and swell with the development of the woody follicles.
Vouacapoua is a genus of legume in the Fabaceae family.
There are many varieties of torch lily, and they bloom at different times during the growing season.
Delphinium staphisagria is a species of Delphinium, or larkspur, of the family Ranunculaceae.
Its natural habitat is dry, calcareous, open areas such as barrens and woodlands.
Myosotis stricta is a plant species of the genus Myosotis.
This is in allusion to the ray florets, frequently pale purple in this genus.
It contains only one known species, Spegazziniophytum patagonicum, endemic to Argentina.
It was first discovered in 1951 upon Ptari Tepui.
It occurs in shrubland, coastal heath and woodland on the south coast of Western Australia between Two Peoples Bay and Cheyne Bay.
However, an oil prepared from the flowers is used in traditional Chinese medicine.
Ballota nigra is a perennial herb of the family Lamiaceae.
The stems lie prostrate on the ground or may climb.
It is also commonly seen in the literature by its synonyms, Chrysanthemum parthenium and Pyrethrum parthenium.
Its range throughout the state subsumes nearly the entire ranges of all the other California native manroots species and intergrades.
Onosma is a genus of flowering plants in the family Boraginaceae.
Tripterygium wilfordii has been promoted for use in rheumatoid arthritis and psoriasis; however, due to safety concerns this use is not recommended.
The leaves are pinnate, with 4–5 alternately-arranged leaflets 8 cm long and 2.5 cm broad.
Tagetes tenuifolia, the signet marigold or golden marigold, is a species of the wild marigold in the daisy family.
The silvery green leaves are deeply cut, with a small fringe of hairs at the margins.
It has been introduced to tropical regions around the world, such as Southeast Asia and Hawaii.
Camellia oleifera, which originated in China, is notable as an important source of edible oil obtained from its seeds.
Cultivation areas and post-harvesting method can significantly affect the quality of the herb.
The terminal flower heads are about 2.5 cm wide.
They are herbaceous perennials and are known as goldenbanners or false-lupines.
Mahonia trifoliolata is a species of flowering plant in the family Berberidaceae, in southwestern North America.
One of three known caffeinated holly trees, the leaves of the guayusa tree are dried and brewed like a tea for their stimulative effects.
The type species of the genus is Mahonia aquifolium, from the Pacific coast of North America.
The large durian fruit it bears has thick, yellow flesh with a mild, sweet taste and creamy texture similar to that of Durio zibethinus.
Ribes bracteosum is a deciduous shrub, without thorns, growing to 3 m tall.
Ficus racemosa is a species of plant in the family Moraceae.
The dozen-odd species are often called "sages", although they have no relationship to the genus Salvia.
It is assumed that the Liliales originate from the Lower Cretaceous, over 100 million years ago.
Brachystegia kennedyi is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
The species occurs in the sandplains of the coastal Southwest of Australia, the northernmost range being Narrogin and extending east to Esperance.
It produces small, white flowers arranged in dense clusters at the end of the branches.
Migratory birds are thought to have dispersed F. chiloensis from the Pacific coast of North America to the mountains of Hawaii, Chile, and Argentina.
Dicentra cucullaria is a perennial herbaceous plant, native to rich woods of eastern North America, with a disjunct population in the Columbia Basin.
It consists of six evergreen tree species in particular native to Vietnam, China, Peninsular Malaysia, and Borneo.
It is proving to be invasive, and is increasingly important to coastal ecology and development in Oregon, Washington, and British Columbia.
Senegalia mellifera is a common thorn tree in Africa.
- tropical Africa, Yemen, Himalayas, southern China, Indochina, Java
Dendrothrix wurdackii Esser - Amazonas State in Brazil
The oil from the seeds is traditionally used to soften and protect hair.
Several former members of Clusiacae are now placed in Calophyllaceae and Hypericaceae.
This plant is cited in Flora Brasiliensis by Carl Friedrich Philipp von Martius.
It can be distinguished from its relatives by its triangular, serrated leaves.
Juvenile plants have larger leaves than adults.
They are native to Australia, Indonesia, New Guinea, New Zealand, and the Solomon Islands.
It describes the appearance of the highly developed peristome teeth of this species.
Talisia is a genus of 52 species of flowering plants in the soapberry family, Sapindaceae, native to tropical regions of the Americas.
Chaenomeles is a genus of three species of deciduous spiny shrubs, usually 1–3 m tall, in the family Rosaceae.
^ The Legume Phylogeny Working Group.. "A new subfamily classification of the Leguminosae based on a taxonomically comprehensive phylogeny".
In both APG and APG II, the family Buxaceae is unplaced as to order and left among the basal lineages of the eudicots.
Of the eight Harpullia species which grow naturally Australia six occur only in Australia.
It is known as chhë tiël pré:ng in Khmer, as 东京龙脑香 dong jing long nao xiang in Chinese.
The açaí palm is a species of palm tree in the genus Euterpe cultivated for its fruit and hearts of palm.
The fruit is a small capsule 5–10 mm long containing numerous minute seeds embedded in fine, cottony hairs.
The genus is named for Werner Rauh, a German botanist.
The genus consists of aquatic plants with leaves either floating or submerged, found in a variety of still water habitats around the world.
The leaves are opposite or in whorls of three or four, 5–50 centimetres long and 3–25 centimetres broad, dark green and glossy with a leathery texture.
It can be a serious weed of rice cultivation in Asia.
The flowers generally open at dawn, and may be yellow, white, or lavender, often with darker shades at the base.
As time progresses the leaf margins curl under to close the gap which creates a small hole.
Avellanita is a monotypic plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae.
Keckiella cordifolia - heartleaf keckiella, climbing penstemon
The 1.5-3 cm spines are in groups of 4-12, with no differentiation into central and radial types, and range from a brownish to grayish color.
The flowers each have four clusters of stamens and staminodes.
Nigella sativa grows to 20–30 cm tall, with finely divided, linear leaves.
Its conservation status has been assessed as data deficient.
- Trinidad, Venezuela, the Guianas, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, Bolivia, Brazil
Fagaceae is a family of flowering plants that includes beeches and oaks, and comprises eight genera with about 927 species.
Parkia speciosa, is a plant of the genus Parkia in the family Fabaceae.
The neck is entirely usable because the small seed cavity is confined to the bulbous base of the fruit.
Most species are perennial herbs or subshrubs but a few are woody shrubs or small trees.
Sasaella kogasensis Nakai ex Koidz, Kogashi azuma zasa - Hokkaido, Honshu
The yellowish flowers occur in slender, loose sprays.
The caudex of D. mexicana is divided into regular polygonal plates that become protuberant with age, and separated by deep fissures.
The fruit is a wide or narrow, flattened legume pod containing one to five flat seeds.
Adansonia digitata is the most widespread of the Adansonia species, and is native to the African continent.
The species was definitively identified as Pueraria mirifica in 1952.
It has dissected leaves with a blade that is 30 to 80 millimetres.
Each palmate leaf is made up of 7 to 9 green leaflets up to 2 centimeters long.
The whorls of multiple orange-yellow flowers, opening from red buds, are arranged in tiers.
In Marathi, it is called dhemase ढेमसे.
Like many members of the Abietinae, it is rarely seen in cultivation; however, it has been described as having horticultural potential.
Santolina melidensis Rodr.Oubiña & S.Ortiz - Spain
The leaves may be tipped with hard points or spines, and they are accompanied by shiny white lance-shaped stipules.
Preparations made from the root of Ardisia crenata are used as an ingredient in traditional Chinese medicine.
They have compound leaves made up of a few leaflets.
Salacca is a genus of about 20 species of palms native to Southeast Asia and the eastern Himalayas.
The species names are frequently given with feminine gender; however, the genus is correctly of masculine gender.
It is an invasive species in Hawaii, where it displaces native trees such as Metrosideros polymorpha, with profound impacts on nitrogen cycling.
Some species, including Astilbe rivularis, are used in traditional medicine.
It is endemic to coastal areas of tropical West Africa, also growing inland along riverbanks, and is found in Cameroon, Côte d'Ivoire, Nigeria, and Ghana.
It has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.
Dipterocarpus semivestitus is a species of tree in the family Dipterocarpaceae, occurring in Kalimantan and peninsular Malaysia.
This plant was described in 1817 by the Portuguese botanist Félix Avelar Brotero.
Adansonia perrieri is an endangered species in the genus Adansonia.
The hybridization was made by California plant breeder Eva Kenworthy Gray in 1926.
It is a mint species within the genus Mentha.
The attractive flowers are 5–6 cm long.
In Chile, A. colubrina produces flowers from September to December and bean pods from September to July.
This plant is usually propagated by seeds.
It is threatened by the loss and fragmentation of its habitat and fire suppression.
They are instead in Plumbaginaceae, the plumbago or leadwort family.
The chemical composition is comparable with more commonly cultivated legumes.
Because of its various uses, both medicinal and culinary, the name horopito when used in common speech normally refers to the colorata species.
Indeed, the sayaca tanager will defend richly fruiting A. glandulosa trees against similar-sized birds such as the blue dacnis or the red-eyed vireo.
It is a glabrous large shrub or small tree with flaky bark, white or cream-coloured flowers and is capable of root suckering.
Demand for the roots may lead to the overexploitation of the tree.
Aulacospermum is a genus of flowering plant in the Apiaceae, with 14 species.
Corchorus is a genus of about 40–100 species of flowering plants in the family Malvaceae, native to tropical and subtropical regions throughout the world.
The grains are cooked in water, like rice, or boiled with milk and sugar.
Oxalis corniculata, the creeping woodsorrel, also called procumbent yellow-sorrel or sleeping beauty, resembles the common yellow woodsorrel, Oxalis stricta.
Stylidium alsinoides is a dicotyledonous plant that belongs to the genus Stylidium.
It has a solitary erect leaf and white to pale green flowers and grows to 60 cm.
It can also be found in drier areas, including roadsides, pastures, and woodlands.
Polygala chamaebuxus is an ornamental plant of Polygala genus in the Polygalaceae family.
This bunchgrass is often used as an ornamental grass.
It is also the national flower of India, and Vietnam.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
In his publication Fragmenta Phytographiae Australiae Mueller named the plant Helicia praealta.
glabra Nie & Huang is restricted to mixed forest in the Chinese province of Heilongjang.
Watercress is an aquatic plant species with the botanical name Nasturtium officinale.
The scientific name means "finger-like" and refers to the ease with which a flower of Digitalis purpurea can be fitted over a human fingertip.
Only two are recognized by the World Checklist.
It is common on moist heathland, bogs and moorland throughout Britain.
It has been introduced across Africa, Asia, Australia, the Americas, and the Pacific, where it is subject to eradication through management practices.
Allergic responses to Murraya may include headaches, blocked sinuses and breathing difficulties.
Zornia is a cosmopolitan genus of herbs from the legume family Fabaceae.
Encelia species are used as food plants by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species including the leaf miner Bucculatrix enceliae which feeds exclusively on Encelia farinosa.
glabriusculum is a variety of Capsicum annuum that is native to southern North America and northern South America.
Besides those grown for their edible leaves, some are grown for decorative foliage, such as Coleus.
In other words, triticale is an allotetraploid.
Allamanda is a genus of flowering plants in the dogbane family, Apocynaceae.
Most of the leaves are attached near the bottom of the stem.
By far the best known species is the Royal Poinciana.
It was named after John Ansell, an English assistant botanist.
The genus was first named by Jacques Labillardière in his work, Relation du Voyage à la Recherche de la Pérouse, issued in 1800.
Its main notability is its roots are used as a red dye.
It is the most basal clade in this group; in other words, it is sister to the remaining eudicots.
Flowers, leaves, and roots of this plant are usually macerated and used to treat asthma, bronchitis, fever, flu, and uteral inflammation.
Nutrients derived from the prey are used to supplement the nutrient-poor substrate that the plant grows in.
A further species, Aztekium valdesii, was discovered in 2011 by M.A.
It is widely distributed in China and is cultivated extensively there.
Well known members include Emmenanthe, Nemophila and Phacelia.
The flowers usually appear in spring and may have a variety of colors, while the fruits are almost always red.
Rudbeckia hirta is the state flower of Maryland.
Ammodaucus leucotrichus is a species of flowering plant in the Apiaceae family and the sole member of the genus Ammodaucus.
They are widespread across much of the Northern Hemisphere, including most of Europe, Russia, China, Central Asia, Canada the United States, Mexico, and Central America.
This subfamily was formerly given family rank as Lobeliaceae, under a somewhat different circumscription.
A putative species of the genus Cannabis.
Amaranthus deflexus is also known by the common names large-fruit amaranth, low amaranth, Argentina amaranth, and perennial pigweed, is native to Korea and South America.
Male and female flowers are on separate trees and the female trees bear bunches of small, round edible fruits in late summer, mostly eaten by birds.
It is distinct from other species of the genus because of its morphology and molecular genetics.
D. recurvum grows up to one metre high at lower altitudes, or down to less than five centimetres at higher altitudes.
Zoysia pauciflora Mez - North Island of New Zealand
Droseraceae is a family of flowering plants.
Echinacea paradoxa is a North American species of flowering plant in the sunflower family.
Quercus castaneifolia, the chestnut-leaved oak, is a species of oak in the turkey oak section Quercus sect.
Africa has one species, as does southern Chile, and several species are distributed thru Malesia and the southwest Pacific.
It is a variety of Brassica rapa, the plant species that yields the turnip, mizuna, napa cabbage, and rapini.
Common names for the genus include glasswort, pickleweed, and marsh samphire; these common names are also used for some species not in Salicornia.
No forms or varieties of N. densiflora have been described.
The primary threats are industrial forestry and pine plantations in Alabama, Georgia, and Tennessee.
Ostryopsis is a small genus of deciduous shrubs belonging to the birch family Betulaceae.
Cipocereus is a genus of cacti from Brazil.
This plant is often used as a house plant.
Members of the genus are commonly known as prairie clover or indigo bush.
Stylidium adnatum is a dicotyledonous plant that belongs to the genus Stylidium.
Chrysogonum virginianum, the golden-knee, green and gold, or goldenstar, is a North American species of plants in the sunflower family.
Foeniculum subinodorum Maire, Weiller & Wilczek - North Africa
Disteganthus is a genus of the botanical family Bromeliaceae, subfamily Bromelioideae.
The floral emblem of South Australia, Swainsona formosa, formerly Clianthus dampieri, is similar.
Mildbraed's treatment of the genus taxonomy is the general demarcation which has been used in subsequent revisions and additions.
It is the dominant understory shrub in many Korean hillside forests, growing at 400-1500 m altitude.
Pollen cones begin forming in their buds in July, while seed conelets are formed during a relatively short period of time in August.
Macleaya cordata, the five-seeded plume-poppy, is a species of flowering plant in the poppy family Papaveraceae, which is used ornamentally.
The Embryophyta are the most familiar group of green plants that form vegetation on earth.
Temple force-fed seventeen tambalacoque fruits to wild turkeys.
Cenchrus prieurii - Sahara, Arabian Peninsula, Indian Subcontinent, Myanmar
The fruits of the genus Cucurbita are good sources of nutrients, such as vitamin A and vitamin C, among other nutrients according to species.
The Noongar peoples know the tree as Manyat.
Citrus is a genus of flowering trees and shrubs in the rue family, Rutaceae.
The name Chamaedaphne comes from the Greek for "ground laurel"; the common name comes from its tough, leather-like leaf.
Acanthocalycium is a genus of cactus consisting of several species from Argentina.
It is closely related to N. merrilliana and was for a long time considered a heterotypic synonym of this species.
These eight to 10 broad disc florets are functionally staminate.
This plant is cited in Flora Brasiliensis by Carl Friedrich Philipp von Martius.
The three plants in this genus are known generally as inside-out flowers, and they are endemic to the West Coast of the United States.
Coffee growers use the species to divert birds.
Its fruit is an edible dark purple berry 1 cm in diameter, ripe in early autumn.
It is unique in the plant kingdom as the only known flower to pollinate itself.
In the United States, Wooly Congea can be grown outdoors in USDA zones 10 and 11.
Piassaba fiber is made into brooms, baskets, and other products.
The flower head contains 8 to 90 small dark maroon flowers.
The taste is not comparable to any other fruit.
Propagation is by semiripe cuttings in summer, by seed, or by division in autumn or spring.
Hovea elliptica, commonly known as the tree hovea, is an ornamental plant in the Fabaceae family.
The genus has 45 species and is pantropical.
The Melocanninae is a subtribe of bamboo.
Most wild lettuces are xerophytes, adapted to dry habitat types.
Copernicia cowellii Britton & P.Wilson - Camagüey Province in Cuba
The soil is acidic, rocky, and shallow, sometimes as shallow as 3 centimeters.
The field madder, Sherardia arvensis, is a close relative and may be confused with a tiny bedstraw.
The genus is distributed in the Americas, Eurasia, and Australia.
Like many plants in the Solanaceae, Iochroma species contain phytochemicals with potential pharmaceutical value but the genus has not been exhaustively studied in this respect.
The d'Entrecasteaux expedition made immediate use of the species when they discovered it, the timber being used to improve their oared boats.
Mullein remedies are especially recommended for coughs and related problems, but also used in topical applications against a variety of skin problems.
It might flower only every seven years.
Nepenthes, also known as tropical pitcher plants, is a genus of carnivorous plants in the monotypic family Nepenthaceae.
They grow to 4 – 30m tall, and some are dry-season deciduous.
Its hosts are certain fungi that are mycorrhizal with trees, meaning it ultimately gets its energy from photosynthetic trees.
The protein content is higher than that of wheat, although the glutenin fraction is less.
The Verbenaceae  are a family, commonly known as the verbena family or vervain family, of mainly tropical flowering plants.
Members of the genus are native to southwestern and central Asia.
Quercus phellos is a North American species of a deciduous tree in the red oak group of oaks.
Megistostigma burmanicum - Assam, Myanmar, Thailand, Perlis
Temple's hypothesis that the tree required the dodo has been contested.
Megalopanax rex is a species of flowering plant of family Araliaceae, the only representative of genus Megalopanax.
Oryza is a genus of plants in the grass family.
Molecular phylogenetic analyses suggest that Bocquillonia is nested in Alchornea.
Originally described by Carl Linnaeus, it has a convoluted taxonomic history.
However, Aechmea mulfordii is a large terrestrial plant, growing near the sea level on sand dunes.
Cottendorfia is a genus of the botanical family Bromeliaceae, subfamily Pitcairnioideae.
It is an extraordinary species of rhubarb.
The early colonists use the plant to make a native tea that was considered refreshing but also used as a tonic.
River jam grows to a height of about eight metres.
Blandfordia is a genus of flowering plants, placed in the family Blandfordiaceae of the order Asparagales of the monocots.
The whole plant is used as forage for animals, with its use as cattle feed likely responsible for its name.
Between half and three quarters of the fruit's weight is sugar.
Cucurbita fruits have played a role in human culture for at least 2,000 years.
The seeds float and are occasionally found as "sea beans".
Sauropus androgynus, also known as katuk, star gooseberry, or sweet leaf, is a shrub grown in some tropical regions as a leaf vegetable.
It is a common misconception that the word ʻōhiʻa is used to refer to the tree and that the word lehua refers only to its flowers.
The leaves are green to greyish green, slender, 3–5 cm long and 2–4 mm broad.
Corokia species are shrubs or small trees with zigzagging branches.
It is often found in the understory of the herb layer of coniferous forests as part of a multilayered canopy system on gleysolic or organic soils.
This species is not to be confused with Selaginella lepidophylla, also known as "rose of Jericho" and "false rose of Jericho".
The genus Zingiber is native to Southeast Asia, China, the Indian Subcontinent, and New Guinea.
Plants of the genus Medicago, or bur clovers, are closely related to the true clovers and sweet clover.
Ambrosia dumosa has been studied to determine allelopathic interactions with creosote bush, Larrea tridentata, which produces a chemical that inhibits the growth of A. dumosa.
Specifically, it has been recorded from Apacará and Chimantá Tepuis.
Unpruned, it will grow about 3–5 m tall in the garden.
Chinese yam, also called cinnamon-vine, is a species of flowering plant in the yam family.
The species is native to Turkey, Cyprus, Syria, Lebanon, and Israel but cultivated as an ornamental in many other places.
Native to Oklahoma and Arkansas in the south-central United States.
The specific epithet stenophylla is formed from the Greek words steno and phylla, and refers to the shape of the lamina.
Some recent studies have supported a sister-group relationship between Calceolariaceae and Gesneriaceae.
Along with other members of the genus Brachychiton, it is commonly referred to as a Kurrajong.
This variety appears in cultivation, and has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.
The flowers are small catkins 1.5-4.5 cm long, produced in early spring; they are often purple or red in colour, whence the name of the species.
Its taxonomic identity is considered to be unsure.
Members of this genus are commonly referred to as lady's slipper orchids.
Myanmar's teak forests account for nearly half of the world's naturally occurring teak.
The bloodwoods had been recognised as a distinct group within the large and diverse Eucalyptus genus since 1867.
The family includes 254 species of trees, shrubs, lianas, and perennial herbaceous plants in two subfamilies.
Cyanthillium is a genus of tropical plants in the ironweed tribe within the sunflower family.
They are native to the Himalaya, China, the Russian Far East, and Japan.
When recognised, about five species are placed in the genus, including G. strictiflora and G. cauliflora.
Pithecellobium johansenii is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
The habitat is Australian riverine, littoral, subtropical or tropical rainforest.
Diffusa means "spreading", and refers to the plant's growth habit.
On July 27, 2011, the plant was federally listed as a threatened species of the United States, a ruling which took effect on August 26, 2011.
The Wettstein system, last updated in 1935, placed the family in order Pandanales.
Endemic to Australia, it is widely distributed through arid and semi-arid inland areas of Western Australia, South Australia, the Northern Territory and Queensland.
It grows on ledges on steep slopes, and in crevices.
The specific epithets sebifera and sebiferum mean "wax-bearing" and refer to the vegetable tallow that coats the seeds.
It is native to Europe, Asia, northern Africa, and western North America, and introduced elsewhere.
Weberbauerella brongniartioides is a South American species of legume.
However, in most other countries, C. esculentus is considered a weed.
The cultivar 'Sunlite' has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.
Celianella is a genus of flowering plant belonging to the family Phyllanthaceae first described as a genus in 1965.
Many Rhodanthe species were formerly classed under different genera, including Helipterum, Podotheca, Acroclinium and Waitzia.
- Sinaloa, Jalisco, Colima, Durango, Michoacán, Guerrero, Nayarit, Oaxaca
S. tenerrimum is most closely related to S. alsinoides, though it differs by its asymmetrical petals.
In the rest of Great Britain it is very rare, and in Ireland it is absent.
The specific epithet is Latin for "spatula shaped," a reference to the form of the leaves.
The leaves are round, with a radial notch in Nymphaea and Nuphar, but fully circular in Victoria and Euryale.
Kalappia is a genus of legume in the Fabaceae family.
The seeds are small and can be cream, yellow, orange-red, or brown in colour.
This allows accumulated water to drain from the nestlike center of the plant, thus preventing microbial decay.
The Meyer lemon is commonly grown in China in garden pots as an ornamental tree.
It is a very popular ornamental and street tree, Ferntree gully road in Melbourne has an avenue of muggas planted.
Lupinus rupestris is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
The former genus and polyphyletic group of 99 species described by Gentry in 1992 is now usually referred to as "Tabebuia sensu lato".
Although roots and stalks are used in traditional herbal medicine along with the flower, the petals and other flower parts are the most potent.
The flower heads consist of flat-topped pink to rose-violet ray florets and yellow disk florets.
The leaves are opposite, 3-7 cm long, oblong-lanceolate, dark green above, pale below, with a short petiole and a leathery texture.
The leaves do grow faster after harvest but tend to be smaller.
Varieties are also known as western coralroot and summer coralroot.
It is present along the coastal plain of the U.S. where it is most often found growing in dry, sandy soils.
Its common name arises from the partly opened inflorescence, which is shaped like an acorn.
The flowers are the most striking feature, being sweetly fragrant white trumpets up to 20 cm long, sometimes tinted purple, especially at the margin.
Stevia is a tender perennial native to parts of Brazil and Paraguay that favors humid, wet environments, although the root does not tolerate standing water.
Sometimes the finished product is mixed into cocktails with other psychoactive drugs such as caffeine and codeine.
Corynopuntia, also known as club chollas, is a genus in the family Cactaceae, established by Knuth in 1935.
A 2003 study indicated that Aphanes may belong to the genus Alchemilla, commonly called lady's-mantle.
Serissa is one of the most common bonsai, especially in Japan.
Pulsatilla vernalis is a species of flowering plant in the family Ranunculaceae, native to mountainous habitats in Europe.
Rhinanthus angustifolius or Greater Yellow-rattle is a Lamiales plant species of the genus Rhinanthus.
The generic name derives from anón, a Hispaniolan Taíno word for the fruit.
Contact with skin can cause irritation and rapid blistering; contact with eyes will result in temporary blindness.
Eugenia species are sometimes used as food plants by the larvae of hepialid moths of the genera Aenetus and Endoclita.
Dalbergia is a large genus of small to medium-size trees, shrubs and lianas in the pea family, Fabaceae, subfamily Faboideae.
The glabrous, glandular leaves are lanceolate, 3–20 mm wide and 4–7.5 cm long, and are arranged alternately.
Though usually considered an annual, it may survive for more than a year in climates not subject to frost.
- Baja California, Baja California Sur, California
The leaves are generally 6-9.5 mm long and 4-6.5 mm wide.
It is a mint species within the genus Mentha.
It has become one of the most popular flowering shrubs in South Florida gardens and landscapes.
Often simply called red oak, northern red oak is so named to distinguish it from southern red oak, also known as the Spanish oak.
Leucas is a genus of plants in the Lamiaceae family, first described by Robert Brown in 1810.
One familiar species is Acmella oleracea, which has been widely cultivated for centuries.
It is a medium-sized to large deciduous tree growing to 20–35 m tall, with a trunk of up to 2 m in diameter.
It is a dense deciduous shrub growing to 4.5 m in height, but more commonly 1-2 m tall.
At least 8-10 weeks are needed at an average temperature of 5° C.
Species of the genus Catasetum occur from Mexico to Argentina, including much of Central America, the West Indies, and South America.
Longevity of flowers depends on the species and is between five and thirty days.
It is commonly used to season mild-flavoured dishes and is a constituent of the French herb mixture fines herbes.
Genus Level Properties: Most conspicuously-- globelike disk flowers, rays 3-lobed at tip.
The plant probably originated in Persia and was originally cultivated for its leaves and seeds.
It is widely grown throughout the tropics and sub-tropical parts of the world as a street tree.
It relies strongly on vegetative reproduction for continuation of the species.
This species boasts the largest simple leaf and single flower of any native plant in North America.
It is sometimes grown in wildflower, shade, and rock gardens.
However, the plant changes its colour according to the pH value of the soil, due to a pigment belonging to anthocyanins.
The leaves are deciduous, ovate, 7-13 cm long and 4-10 cm broad, with a heart-shaped base, coarsely serrated margin and acute apex.
Some populations are located on the Channel Islands of California.
Plants in this genus are sometimes known as noseburns.
L. maackii is enumerated as an endangered species in Japan.
Its tall bright yellow spikes, known as inflorescences, are terminal and well displayed.
He described the plant as a climbing stem cylindrical in cross-section, and pitchers of the rosettes shortly incurved from the tendril and ovate in form.
The surface of the fruit has hooklike projections.
The summer flowers age to purple and are followed by 30 cm long, boat-shaped seed pods.
No forms or varieties have been described.
In South and Southeast Asia, the term "damson plum" sometimes refers to Jambul, the fruit from a tree in the Myrtaceae family.
Passiflora foetida is a species of passion flower that is native to the southwestern United States, Mexico, the Caribbean, Central America, and much of South America.
According to the USDA, it is endangered in the State of Kentucky and threatened in the State of Tennessee.
Sesbania drummondii, known as poisonbean, rattlebox and rattlebush, is a medium-sized perennial shrub in the legume family Fabaceae.
Machaerium cuzcoense is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
It is one of Norway's two national flowers.
Although it is not native to Bermuda, it is an abundant invasive species there.
in the horticultural trade, is the nothogenus for hybrids between the orchid genera Miltonia and Oncidium.
Hernández Pérez de Larrea, a patron of science.
It originated in Asia and is most commonly found growing wild in Vietnam, Southern China, Korea, Taiwan, Japan, Myanmar, and India.
It is a small prostrate evergreen subshrub forming large colonies.
The tree is a popular garden plant and also of importance to the cut flower industry.
Trillium simile, the jeweled wakerobin, is a spring-flowering perennial plant which is native to southern parts of the Appalachian Mountains in southeastern United States.
It has shown to increase plant yields and the soil nutrients of nitrogen, phosphorus, and potassium.
The California endangered plant sometimes called Eremalche kernensis is today generally considered to be a subspecies of Parry's mallow, Eremalche parryi ssp kernensis.
Most of these are native to the Americas, with 66 species found in the Old World.
It has been introduced to Africa, Australasia-Pacific region, Europe, and North America; it is considered an invasive species in many tropical and sub-tropical localities.
Daniellia is a genus of legume in the Fabaceae family, named after William Freeman Daniell.
Another common name is false acacia, a literal translation of the specific name It was introduced into Britain in 1636.
Haplormosia monophylla, commonly known as Liberian Black Gum, is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
Fenestraria is a genus of succulent plants in the family Aizoaceae, native to the Namaqualand in Namibia.
The species was first described by Swedish botanist Olof Swartz in 1797 in his Flora Indiae Occidentalis.
It is found in lowlands and hill forests up to 570 m and is threatened by habitat loss.
Streptanthus niger is an endangered species within the family Brassicaceae.
The flower corolla is urn-shaped or funnel-shaped with 4 to 7 lobes.
Numerous cultivars have been developed, many of them selected for purple foliage, such as P cerasifera var pissardii L.H.
Leaves are stalked, alternate, lanceolate or falcate to 12 x 2 cm, slightly discolorous to concolorous, glossy, light green and thin.
Wenge, a dark colored wood, is the product of Millettia laurentii.
Banksia victoriae, commonly known as Woolly Orange Banksia, is a species of large shrub or small tree in the plant genus Banksia.
Efforts are being made to re-introduce it to newly suitable habitat in the Fens as part of the Great Fen Project.
The species' range extends across arid and semi-arid regions of Central Australia, from Carnarvon in Western Australia to western Queensland and eastern New South Wales.
Leontodon is a genus of plants in the dandelion tribe within the sunflower family, commonly known as hawkbits.
It is also regionally called scrub oak, oak brush, and white oak.
It is, native to the Mojave Desert in the southwestern United States, in the States of California, Arizona, Nevada, and Utah.
Olea species are used as food plants by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species including double-striped pug.
subalata is a perennial tree native to Africa, India and Pakistan.
Phellodendron, or cork-tree, is a genus of deciduous trees in the family Rutaceae, native to east and northeast Asia.
Each fruit has two sections, one that remains attached to the adult, and the other which that falls off for dispersal by wind or water.
The disk florets surround usually some four to eight female florets in the centre.
The leaves and young plants are edible when cooked.
The entire genus is endemic to Australia.
It is native to Argentina, and it has also been introduced into parts of Eurasia.
In Mexico it has been found in Sonora, Chihuahua, Coahuila, Durango, Nuevo León, Zacatecas and San Luis Potosí.
It has yellow to orange flowers and is widely grown as a garden plant.
The species was formerly widely included in the genus Acacia as Acacia albida.
Stenocereus thurberi is a well-known member of this genus and is widely distributed in Arizona and northern Mexico.
The second greatest center of oak diversity is China, which contains approximately 100 species.
Fothergilla monticola Alabama witch alder; commonly included in F. major
Seminole pumpkin - a squash cultivated by the Seminole Indians of Florida
It is a weak-wooded deciduous shrub or small tree growing to 6 m tall, with brown shoots.
Most members of Asteraceae are herbaceous, but a significant number are also shrubs, vines, or trees.
Consolida ajacis is an annual flowering plant of the family Ranunculaceae native to Eurasia.
It is the only member of the genus Podocytisus.
Dichanthelium latifolium Harvill – broadleaf rosette grass
It can be distinguished from its congeners by the combination of white florets and distinctively beaked cypselae.
The leaves are oppositely arranged or whorled about the stem.
Fossils ascribed to Banksieaephyllum have been found in sediments dating from the Paleocene to early Miocene.
The plants have separate male and female flowers on the same tree.
Nepenthes tobaica is closely related to N. angasanensis, N. gracilis, N. mikei, and N. reinwardtiana.
The name arracacha was borrowed into Spanish from Quechua raqacha, and is used in the Andean region.
The two species hybridize quite readily but have noticeably different calcium levels.
Several cultivars and hybrids have been developed in cultivation.
Dehusking, germination, cooking, and roasting have been shown to produce beneficial effects on nutritional quality of both the legumes.
The blooming period can occur from mid-summer to early fall and lasts about a month.
Encelia densifolia C.Clark & Kyhos - Baja California Sur
The flowers are white to pink, often with small red spots on the upper three petals; they are produced in late spring to early summer.
Tigridia purruchucana Ravenna - Lima Province in Peru
Lecointea ovalifolia is a legume of the Fabaceae family found exclusively in Peru.
Ajuga tenorii C.Presl in J.S.Presl & C.B.Presl – Italy
Zoysia sinica Hance Japan, Korea, eastern China, Ryukyu Is
The hairy leaves are compound and 35–60 cm long, with 11–17 leaflets.
Flowers bud and open from December to February; fruits form from December through April.
Afzelia pachyloba is an economic species of tropical forest tree in the Fabaceae family.
The flowers have dark red bracts greater than 1 cm in size.
Kairothamnus is a genus of plants under the family Picrodendraceae described as a genus in 1980.
Camissoniopsis cheiranthifolia is a species of the evening primrose family and is native to open dunes and sandy soils of coastal California and Oregon.
The round to oval yellow flower spikes appear in spring and summer.
It is very hardy, being capable of standing extremes of temperature and excessive drought.
The fruits are eaten or used to flavour drinks.
The small genera Eucalyptopsis, Stockwellia and Allosyncarpia formed a clade which arose earlier still.
But Philadelphus is a basal asterid, not closely related to Jasminum, and among the eudicots quite distant from Citrus.
Species of Empetrum include: E. nigrum and its tetraploid subspecies E. nigrum ssp.
In Iran it is called Limu Shirin.
Greater butterfly-orchid is a herbaceous perennial of medium height.
It was known as Dryandra formosa until 2007, when all Dryandra species were transferred to Banksia by Austin Mast and Kevin Thiele.
The tree is more drought-tolerant than the fruit.
It is often used as forage and is widely used as food for livestock due to its nonbloating properties.
Dipterocarpus is a genus of flowering plants and the type genus of family Dipterocarpaceae.
Because of the tamarind's many uses, cultivation has spread around the world in tropical and subtropical zones.
Pistacia vera often is confused with other species in the genus Pistacia that are also known as pistachio.
Gerbera is very popular and widely used as a decorative garden plant or as cut flowers.
The flowers are produced in panicles 15–20 cm long at the ends of the branches; it is dioecious, with separate male and female plants.
Trifolium wormskioldii is a species of clover.
Pitchers are narrowly infundibulate throughout and range in colouration from cream to dusky purple with red or black spots.
The fruit is an edible drupe 5–6 mm diameter, it is a reddish purple ripening dark purple to black.
Leaves are found in colonies or clusters as the rhizome spreads, forming mats.
The flower of amancae was painted in watercolors by Martinez de Compagnon, Bishop of Trujillo.
It is found in spring seeps, wet meadows, pond margins, and stream courses.
It is common in most of the semi-arid parts of Eastern Africa but may now be rare in parts of its natural distribution.
Macrolobium amplexans is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
It is thought that the edible roots of Colocasia esculenta have been cultivated in Asia for more than ten thousand years.
They are used in landscaping, particularly in southern counties of California.
It flowers in late spring and, at least in more temperate regions, through the summer.
It is native to insular Southeast Asia, Thailand, Papuasia, and Queensland.
The plant was first described in 2005 from lowland forests in eastern and northeastern Brazil, whence its name.
This variety is the most likely progenitor of the domesticated C. annuum var.
The Passifloraceae are a family of flowering plants, containing about 750 species classified in around 27 genera.
Many members of the genus are widely cultivated for fruit and ornament.
This family is now placed in the order Malpighiales, though under the Cronquist system, they formed an order in themselves.
A. montana might find its greatest impact as rootstock for cultivated Annonas.
They show peculiar, ball-like inflorescences of many bracts, bearing small flowers.
Liquorice flavours are also used as candies or sweeteners, particularly in some European and Middle Eastern countries.
Therein, they are treated as type genus of the smaller subtribe Lespedezinae, which unites the present genus and its presumed closest relatives, Campylotropis and Kummerowia.
They are cultivated for their cornflower-like blooms appearing in summer, in shades of blue, yellow and white.
It is found in Brazil and Guyana.
The hybrid is a strong climber and frequently produces upper pitchers.
There are some small leaves at the stop of the stem.
It is a dioecious, perennial, herbaceous climbing plant which sends up new shoots in early spring and dies back to a cold-hardy rhizome in autumn.
It is found in tropical Western and Central Africa where it is threatened by habitat loss.
It is higher in sulphur content than the white onion, which gives it a stronger, more complex flavour.
It is also found in Samoa, where it is the national flower, and is locally called "teuila."
It is widely cultivated as a garden plant and fruiting tree.
Like all members of the genus Chionodoxa, the bases of the stamens are flattened and closely clustered in the middle of the flower.
Widely cultivated as an ornamental, it is naturalized in New York State.
The sepals are oval, separate and white-greenish.
This plant is often used as an underplanting in perennial gardens.
Acacia plumosa is a plant native to Brazil, which is also called Unha de Gato in Portuguese.
Elettaria cardamomum, commonly known as green or true cardamom, is a herbaceous perennial plant in the ginger family, native to southern India.
melissophyllum - western Europe from Britain to Spain + Italy
The female flowers have five separate carpels that can each form a woody fruit containing several seeds.
The bark is fibrous in mature trees.
Anthocarapa is a monotypic genus of tree in the mahogany family Meliaceae.
Elodea canadensis, sometimes called American or Canadian water weed or pond weed, is widely known as the generic water weed.
Along with Drypetes, it contains mustard oils as a chemical defense against herbivores.
This plant has become popular in North American cuisine as well, and is now grown throughout the world.
It is a native of eastern Australia, occurring in every state and territory except Western Australia.
It is unique because of its leaflike sheaths of the ramicauls.
The fruit of the mangosteen is sweet and tangy, juicy, somewhat fibrous, with fluid-filled vesicles, with an inedible, deep reddish-purple colored rind when ripe.
The plant can also be used in cooking.
The specific epithet bellii honours American botanist Clyde Ritchie Bell.
The leaves vary greatly in shape among different species, from simple and cordate to compound with three to many leaflets.
It grows to a height of 6-10m.
The tallest currently known specimen is located in Tasmania and is 87.9 m tall.
Spartina longispica Hauman & Parodi ex St.-Yves - Argentina, Uruguay
Couroupita is a genus of flowering plants of Lecythidaceae family first described as a genus in 1775.
Oreopanax is a genus of shrubs and trees in the family Araliaceae, comprising circa 85 species native to the Americas.
Morisia hypogaea is an ornamental plant in the family Brassicaceae.
It grows in mixed stands with oak, and in some areas beech, and is also a common tree in scree forests.
Lepidium meyenii is an herbaceous biennial plant of the crucifer family native to the high Andes of Peru.
It is found only in Somalia, and is threatened by habitat loss.
In the Linoideae, the largest genus is Linum, the flaxes, with 180-200 species including the cultivated flax, Linum usitatissimum.
These are clumping, and sometimes climbing bamboos.
^ Kew World Checklist of Selected Plant Families
It inhabits dry forests in Costa Rica, Nicaragua, Honduras Panama, Venezuela, and Colombia.
They burrow horizontally into the trunk, then vertically down.
This refers to the fact that most species can be grown in moist habitats for part of the year.
The name "lords-and-ladies" and other gender-related names refer to the plant's likeness to male and female genitalia symbolising copulation.
^ Thulin M, Lavin M. "Phylogeny and Biogeography of the Ormocarpum Group: A New Genus Zygocarpum from the Horn of Africa Region".
Aspidogyne mendoncae is a species of orchid that grows in Brazil.
The fruit is a small spherical red drupe, popular with birds.
Most species produce edible fruits, which are sometimes used to make alcoholic beverages.
Lasiocroton gracilis Britton & P.Wilson - SE Cuba
The flowers can grow up to two inches across and can be found in a variety of colors.
It is naturalized elsewhere, including Florida, Hawaii, South America, and tropical Africa.
First described by Alex George in 1981, it is placed in Banksia section Oncostylis, series Abietinae.
Rhizanthella, commonly known as underground orchids, is a genus of three species of flowering plants in the orchid family, Orchidaceae and is endemic in Australia.
Projects are currently underway in some countries in southeast Asia to infect cultivated Aquilaria trees artificially to produce agarwood in a sustainable manner.
The flower secretes a fluid into the flower lip, which is shaped like a bucket.
Among the biologically active chemicals found in the pant are genistein, 2'-hydroxygenistein, luteone and wighteone.
The species are native to parts of western Europe and northwest Africa, with the majority of species in Iberia.
Celastrus orbiculatus is a woody vine of the Celastraceae family.
This invasive species was introduced to the United States in the early twentieth century as an ornamental species.
Ballota is a genus of flowering evergreen perennial plants and subshrubs in the family Lamiaceae.
It is endemic to the north coast of Scotland, including Sutherland, Caithness and Orkney.
The specific name pratensis is Latin for "meadow."
Its common name refers to its preference for alkaline soils, a halophyte.
This plant originates from cuttings taken from a wild plant found growing along a roadside.
Eupatorieae is a tribe of over 2000 species of plants in the aster family.
Flower heads are yellow and range in size from half to one inch in diameter; the florets are all of ray type.
It is known from a single location.
Native to North America, North Asia, and Northern Europe, it grows on peat or acidic soils, in open wetland, heath or moorland.
It is found in forests, thickets, banks of streams and foothills at elevations of 500 to 1,300 metres.
Ilex pubiflora is a species of Ilex genus in the Aquifoliaceae family.
These species bear zigzag culms and fleshy fruits.
Pandorea jasminoides is a species of woody climbing vine in the family Bignoniaceae.
Small green flowers are followed by red berries in the autumn.
The lower part of each leaf encloses the stem, forming a leaf-sheath.
Xerorchis is an orchid genus in the subfamily Epidendroideae, and the sole representative of tribe Xerorchideae.
It is native to high mountain regions of Bolivia and Argentina, above 3,000 m.
It favors warm humid to sub-humid climates and whitish flowers from April to June in its native Australia.
The flowers are mostly white, with a more or less spiny ovary.
Brunsvigia josephinae, commonly called Josephine's lily or candelabra lily, is a deciduous, subtropical species of Brunsvigia originating from South Africa.
The largest genera are Elaphoglossum, Polystichum, Dryopteris, and Ctenitis.
& Blanche - Palestine, Lebanon, Syria, Israel, Jordan
Dryadella is a genus of miniature orchids, formerly included in the genus Masdevallia.
Iris hartwegii is a species of iris endemic to California, where it can be found on low-elevation mountain slopes in the central counties.
Microseris scapigera is a yellow flowered daisy, perennial, herb, found in New Zealand.
The area of distribution extends from China in the North down to Queensland, Australia in the South.
It has green, ovate leaves and yellow or white flowers.
It grows in areas of scanty rainfall and high temperature.
The characteristic spines of N. bicalcarata are greatly reduced and are only present as small bumps.
The genus as a whole as well as its species are commonly known as Bermuda grass or dog's tooth grass.
It was first described in 1997 by William R. Barker from a single collection made in the Tamworth Area, Northern Tablelands, New South Wales in 1904.
Anthoxanthum odoratum - widespread from Iceland to the Canary Islands to Mongolia; naturalized in North and South America, South Africa, Japan, East Asia, and various islands
The species is endangered in Maine, where it is in serious decline due to commercial development of its beach habitats.
It is widely distributed but its populations are fragmented.
It is found in Argentina, Brazil and Bolivia.
Aganisia produce pseudobulbs and small flowers produced from a creeping rhizome.
It contains only one known species, Conosapium madagascariense endemic to Madagascar.
Mentha arvensis corn mint, field mint or wild mint, is a species of flowering plant in the mint family Lamiaceae.
Hickory flowers are small, yellow-green catkins produced in spring.
The tree and its fruit give their name to the plant family, which also includes species such as lilacs, jasmine, Forsythia, and the true ash trees.
Sinofranchetia is a genus of flowering plant in the Lardizabalaceae family.
It has ascending leaves, erect inflorescence, and yellow fruit.
Danthonia compressa Austin - mountain oatgrass, flattened oatgrass, slender oatgrass - eastern North America from Georgia to Nova Scotia + Ontario
The South Carolina populations were found in 1957 and 1981, and the first is protected at Steven's Creek Heritage Preserve.
Crops from this genus are sometimes called cole crops—derived from the Latin caulis, denoting the stem or stalk of a plant.
It is considered a member of the Argentina anserina species aggregate, or is alternatively treated as a subspecies of A. anserina by some botanists.
The fruit is a globose to oblong red hip 1–2 cm diameter.
The sepals, petals and column are usually white or cream, and the labellum is usually yellow, though white, apricot and orange coloured forms are sometimes encountered.
It grows in California, Nevada, Arizona, New Mexico, Sonora, and Baja California, and was an important food for Native Americans.
It is an invasive species in a number of countries.
The leaves have been distilled commercially for a piperitone based essential oil.
R. macraei usually has a creeping rather than erect or sprawling habit.
The common species in Europe and North America grow close to the coast, often in dunes.
The genus includes more than 350 species, distributed through the Neotropic, Afrotropic, Indomalaya, and Australasia ecozones.
Isopogon is a genus of 35 species of mainly low-growing and prostrate perennial shrubs in the family Proteaceae endemic to Australia.
The prairie turnip was a staple food of the Plains Indians.
The inflorescence is a raceme, which produces pink flowers whose petals are vertically paired.
It has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.
In cultivation they are popular for their easy flowering habits, and the flowers are generally brightly coloured.
The herb is grown primarily in northeastern Africa and southern Asia for its strong fragrant lemon scent, and is used in cooking.
& Betancur, J.. Sinopsis del Género Aechmea para Colombia.
It is found especially in prairies, at the side of roads and in uncultivated fields.
It grows in habitats such as dry forests and the thin soil around rock outcrops.
Saccharum is a genus of tall perennial plants of the broomsedge tribe within the grass family.
It is also found in the wild Pantanal vegetation in Brazil.
They were not formally validated until 2011.
Zea italica is a species of medicinal true grass, native to Tropical America.
It is found largely in open areas of subarctic boreal forests, though it is also found in a wide variety of habitats in the region.
It has become naturalised in Western Australia and parts of Victoria.
For the same reason Uvularia may also refer to the similarly derived palatine uvula, which hangs down from the soft palate in the mouth.
It inhabits prairies, plains, roadsides, and disturbed areas from southern Canada through most of the United States to northern Mexico.
Picconia is a genus of two species flowering plants in the family Oleaceae.
Nepenthes alata is a tropical pitcher plant endemic to the Philippines.
Its closest relative is Calycopeplus from Australia.
It has become a weed and invasive species in forested habitats in the United States and Canada, particularly in the Northeast and along the Pacific Coast.
The word ramie is derived from the Malay word rami.
Most species are native to the Eastern Cape Province of South Africa.
Phaseolus rosei is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
The Noongar peoples know the tree as Waddib.
In most languages, pineapple is called "ananas".
The tree is grown commercially for timber.
The generic name honours 14th-century Italian writer Manfredus de Monte Imperiale.
The opposite sepals are almost as long as the petals which are in male and in female flowers.
Brunsvigia are tender bulbs, winter-growing and summer-dormant, generally flowering in early autumn.
It has been cultivated as livestock fodder since at least the era of the ancient Greeks and Romans.
It occurs in parts of the western United States and western Canada, usually in rich forest.
Austromuellera is a genus of only two known species of medium-sized trees, constituting part of the plant family Proteaceae.
Triodanis coloradoensis McVaugh - Colorado Venus' looking-glass - endemic to Texas despite the name
It has been assessed as vulnerable on the IUCN Red List
The family contains six genera with a total of 34 known species.
It occasionally grows terrestrially but is usually a highly branched liana with reddish brown stems of 15 m or longer.
Its common names include soncoya, sincuya, and cabeza de negro.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland.
Leaves of poison sumac have 7–13 leaflets, and of Lacquer Tree, 7–19 leaflets.
The species is closely related to the wych elm U. glabra.
All members lack chlorophyll and are mycoheterotrophic.
Flowers are bisexual but sometimes also unisexual and pistillate.
In response, disease-resistant cultivars have been developed, capable of restoring the elm to forestry and landscaping.
Epifagus virginiana — commonly called beech drops — is an obligate parasitic plant which grows and subsists on the roots of American beech.
Hedeoma acinoides Scheele – Slender false pennyroyal - Texas, Oklahoma, Coahuila
This tree inhabits wooded bottomlands, the prairie border, and the midwest savanna understorey.
Mertensia virginica has the largest flowers in the genus and is commonly cultivated.
This species was first described in 1996.
Common names include bindweed and morning glory; both names shared with other closely related genera.
Its starchy taproot is a popular food item in South America where it is a major commercial crop.
Jones is used by natives of northwestern Mexico to flavor various food items.
Acacia lingulata is a shrub in subfamily Mimosoideae of family Fabaceae.
As with other typical members of the Euphorbia family, it has a white milky sap, and is poisonous.
Yellow spots on the living leaf may be caused by Peronospora gei – a downy mildew.
S. javanicum is found in Java, east Sumba island, and from eastern New Guinea.
They grow in wide geographical range from wet forests at sea level to mountainous regions in the Andes, as high as 1,800 m.
Natural hybrids between S. greggii and S. microphylla were discovered in Mexico in 1991 by an English plant expedition.
In its native environment it is grown in higher areas where rice and corn do not grow well.
Bambusa longispiculata Gamble - Bangladesh, Myanmar; naturalized in Vietnam, Costa Rica, Honduras, Nicaragua, Colombia, Ecuador, Puerto Rico
The leaves are deciduous simple and alternate, oval to oblong, 12–25 cm long and 6–12 cm wide, with smooth margins and downy on the underside.
The Douglas Iris was first described by 19th century botanist David Douglas in Monterey, California.
Gymnema lactiferum, is a species of climbing perennial shrub native to India and Sri Lanka.
Its flowers are creamy yellow, and when the petals are shed they leave a greenish-looking dried flower, good for arrangements.
Common names include sweetscented marigold', Mexican marigold, Mexican mint marigold, Mexican tarragon, Spanish tarragon, sweet mace, Texas tarragon, pericón, yerbaniz, and hierbanís.
The exact origin of its English common name is unknown but first appears in 1596 in botanist John Gerard's garden catalogue.
It can thus be easily be distinguished from Socratea exorrhiza, as the stilt roots of the former are much less tightly appressed upon one another.
It is found in Colombia and Ecuador.
It is a member of the celery family, the Umbelliferae, and has yellow flowers.
The genus members manifest generally cylindrical spikes or racemes.
Its leaves are short-petioled, up to 3 inches in length and 2 inches in breadth light green on upper surface, dark brown on lower surface.
It has been recorded from Borneo, Cambodia, Peninsular Malaysia, Singapore, Sulawesi, Sumatra, and Thailand.
Members of the genus are native to the arid lands of Central and Northern Mexico.
It ranges from Tanzania and Madagascar east through India and Queensland, Australia to the Pacific islands of Fiji and Samoa.
The Jepsonia is a perennial with a cormlike caudex, toothed leaves, and a cyme inflorescence that blooms in the fall.
It is commonly confused with Syzygium australe, brush cherry.
is the official abbreviation for this genus.
It is generally a short-lived tree with a lifespan comparable to humans, although there are some specimens known to be over 250 years old.
Common Purslane is widely considered an edible plant, and in some areas an invasive type of weed.
Land clearing, exotic myrtle rust, and especially draining and clearing of swamps threaten many species.
Brasiliocrotonis is a monotypic plant genus in the family Euphorbiaceae.
They are up to 12 cm in diameter.
The family is also known as the sundew family.
Most are shrubs but one species can reach tree stature.
It typically matures to 5-8’ tall, and can spread by root suckers to form colonies.
It is a Class B Noxious weed in Washington state.
Due to its relation to winter wheat, it is very difficult to control.
Plants bear more or less clustered unifoliate pseudobulbs, coriaceous dark-olive leaves, and possess long inflorescences with successive flowering.
Nepenthes carunculata is considered a heterotypic synonym of N. bongso by most authorities.
A notable feature of the family is the drooping, often frilly, small clusters of flowers.
Angostylis is a genus of plant of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1854.
Lagochilus seravschanicus Knorring - Kazakhstan, Tajikistan, Uzbekistan
Its primary distinguishing characteristic from other North American Tilia species is the presence of dense felt of white hairs on the underside of the leaves.
Fragaria nipponica is a species of strawberry native to the western side of the Japanese island of Honshū, with a variety Fragaria nipponica var.
Its best known species are the cooking herb Cooking basil, O. basilicum and the medicinal herb Tulsi, O. tenuiflorum.
On the other hand, Govaerts et al.
The species grows in eucalypt forest but no informative assessment of the likely preferred habitat for the species is available.
It can be plagued by numerous nutrient deficiencies, as well as insect and mammal pests, and fungal and bacterial diseases.
Yermo xanthocephalus commonly known as the desert yellowhead is an American perennial, endemic to southern Wyoming.
Flowering continues over a long and continuous period from late spring to fall.
Two blooming periods are known for other plants.
Chloroleucon chacoense, the palo barroso or palo overo, is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
Quercus muehlenbergii, the chinkapin oak, is an oak in the white oak group.
Throughout history the cooked fruit has been used as food, but the tree is also grown for its attractive pale pink blossoms and other ornamental qualities.
The crown is rounded and the bark is smooth and grey.
It is a shrub or small tree, reaching a maximum height of 4 m, with thin papery bark.
Where they are present in large numbers, it is usually an indication of excessive disturbance to the land.
Dirachma is the sole genus of the family Dirachmaceae.
Bush bananas are cooked in hot earth beside the fire or eaten raw when young.
The leaves are not as narrow as true willows, but is narrow compared to other magnolias, giving this tree a finer texture.
This plant is cited in Flora Brasiliensis by Carl Friedrich Philipp von Martius.
Some species have leaves with lobes that radiate from a common point and others have divided leaves—both are typically fan-shaped with small teeth at the tips.
Common names include holly grevillea, prickly grevillea or variable prickly grevillea.
The young shoots have a strong yet pleasant distinct aromatic flavor.
Rataj places it in his Section Paniculati - Subgenus Echinodorus
It is suitable for cultivation in temperate regions.
It is a near-threatened species found only in Ecuador.
The reniform-shaped leaves are attached to petioles and arranged in a circular pattern around the stem.
They are upright to erect when new, then sometimes sprawling, spreading, and bending as the season progresses.
Europe, northwestern Asia; at 0-1900 m altitude.
It has been introduced to North America and is widely naturalised there.
Berberis thunbergii is a species of Berberis, native to Japan and eastern Asia, though widely naturalized in China and in North America.
It can live for over a hundred years.
Malus tschonoskii is a species of flowering plant in the family Rosaceae, native to Japan.
It is native to Europe, northern Africa and temperate Asia, and it is widely naturalised elsewhere.
Through hybridization, growers have successfully created flowers with different shapes and colors while retaining the glyphs.
The flowers emerge from midsummer to the beginning of fall, with as many as 55 flower heads in a flat-topped array.
The family has been recognised by most taxonomists, and is sometimes known as the "lizard's-tail family".
It is native to Southeast Asia, southern China, the Himalayas, and New Guinea.
variegata, and not a separate species or sub-species.
Athamantha, or Athamanta, is a genus of flowering plant in the Apiaceae.
The majority of the species are endemic in Western Australia, but a few species occur in New South Wales, Victoria, Tasmania and South Australia.
The plant can grow to 3–5 meters in cultivation and even larger in its native state.
This plant grows best in full sun to partial shade.
Rhipidocladum harmonicum - from southern Mexico to Bolivia
The flowers are white, produced in dense panicles 8–25 cm long.
It is derived from the Latin vieo, meaning to weave or to tie up, a reference to the use of Vitex agnus-castus in basketry.
One such likely Cretaceous member is the genus Pluricarpellatia, found in rocks 115 million years old in what is now Brazil.
The plant is a vine with red-purple pealike flowers.
The flowers are spaced loosely and are a bit waxy.
Red-orange flowers appear in spring to mid-summer.
Triadenum, the marsh St. Johnsworts is a genus of flowering plants in the family Hypericaceae or Clusiaceae.
It is known in other places as an introduced species, including much of North America and Australia.
Saccharum spontaneum L. - Asia, Africa, Sicily, Papuasia
With this stimulus, the tentacles begin to slowly enclose the victim.
Fast growing, Moluccella laevis will reach 1 metre and spread to 30 centimeters with an erect, branching habit.
The common names are tower of jewels, red bugloss, Tenerife bugloss or Mount Teide bugloss.
Clethra is one of two genera in the family Clethraceae.
It was discovered in 1995 by Siegfried and Irmgard Hartmeyer.
These leaves are modified into spines in many genera, in some spectacularly so.
Some species are called tormentils, though this is often used specifically for common tormentil.
It has evergreen, lance-shaped, and parallel-veined leaves ranging from dark green to light yellow green in color that form a basal rosette.
Lophostachys sessiliflora is a plant native of Cerrado vegetation of Brazil.
Aristida is distinguished by having three awns on each lemma of each floret.
Stellaria media, chickweed, is a cool-season annual plant native to Europe, but naturalized in many parts of North America.
The soft spongy wood was used for making shields, and the bark as a fibre.
It was described from a single tree in the Kerala Western Ghats of India.
Several major threats exist to sage brush ecosystems, including human settlements, conversion to agricultural land, livestock grazing, invasive plant species, wildfires, and climate change.
Celtis jessoensis, known as the Japanese hackberry or Jesso hackberry is a species of hackberry native to Japan and Korea.
In Brazil the Pequi is most popular; it has a variety of uses, not the least among them being the production of pequi oil.
The plant Quiabentia chacoensis is a species of cactus native to the Gran Chaco of South America, infrequent in plain or mid-mountain habitats.
Cynodon aethiopicus - Africa; introduced in South Africa, Queensland, Hawaii, Texas
Spartina × townsendii H.Groves & J.Groves – Townsend's cordgrass - western Europe
These genera together comprise about 25 species.
Mature height for the bamboo is around 3 meters length.
The tree has long been cultivated in rural Nepal for its fruit.
It is perennial herbaceous, hairy vines growing 4 to 5 meter in length, endemic to India.
It is used for patching, sealing and to waterproof canoes.
trichosiphon occurs at high altitudes on La Palma.
I. tuberculata was first described by J.
Thus Nemexia is not currently considered an accepted genus taxon by most plant taxonomists.
Some authors advocate merging the two genera Hierochloe and Anthoxanthum, though others disagree.
Buddleja saligna, the false, or bastard, olive, is almost endemic to South Africa where it has a wide distribution.
The plant takes the form of a sprawling, mat-forming perennial, and is especially abundant close to the coast.
The specific epithet villosa is Latin for "hairy" and refers to the dense indumentum of this species.
It is still commonly eaten in the desert today.
Pachypodium bicolor belongs to the dogbane family Apocynaceae, now merged with the milkweed family Asclepiadaceae, a move with great botanical implications to succulent enthusiasts.
It is also sometimes called mother-die, a name that is also applied to the common hawthorn.
Instead, it is a flowering plant in the family Bromeliaceae which grows hanging from tree branches in full sun through partial shade.
It is this characteristic that the botanist Linnaeus used to assign the specific name hypogaea, which means "under the earth."
It is a shrub of about 3 m and is often found in mangrove forests or sandy beaches.
Maniltoa is a genus of flowering plants in the pea family, Fabaceae.
The flowers have four petals; they are zygomorphic, with all the petals directed somewhat upwards.
Koilodepas hosei Merr., synonym of Claoxylon hosei Airy Shaw
Because it fixes atmospheric nitrogen in its roots, it often grows vigorously and competitively in infertile soils.
It grows in sandy soils and other kinds of soils in sunny areas.
The star mustard, a plant introduced to eight U.S. states is the same species as the Isle of Man cabbage but a different subspecies.
It is often used as a spice in dishes containing wild game.
It is a common, quick-growing, small-leaved climbing species which prefers full sun and good drainage.
It is also found in North Africa.
This genus is also known from the extinct species Corylopsis reedae described from Eocene leaf fossils found in Washington State, USA.
Edmund Roberts noted on his 1834 trip to China that amomum was utilized as a spice to "season sweet dishes," in culinary practice.
Its species are all restricted to South America.
Morina is a genus of the angiosperm family Caprifoliaceae.
Although it is named after the city of Kuching in Sarawak, this plant has a wide distribution across Borneo, New Guinea, Peninsular Malaysia, Sumatra, and Thailand.
Rhabdodendron is placed in its own family, Rhabdodendraceae, which has only been recognized for the past few decades.
The species is well renowned for its striking large red springtime inflorescences, each including hundreds of individual flowers.
It occurs naturally north of Greymouth and Kaikoura near the sea and, as the name suggests, usually on rocks.
^ Drew, Bryan T. Sytsma, Kenneth J.
Purple toothwort grows in Middle and South Europe: Western Belgium, Western and Central France and Northern Spain, and locally in Central Italy.
Koeleria riguorum – New Zealand South I
Dalbergia lemurica is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
Stylidium violaceum is a dicotyledonous plant that belongs to the genus Stylidium.
Chaenomeles speciosa is a thorny deciduous or semi-evergreen shrub native to eastern Asia.
Joseph Banks and Daniel Solander collected specimens of Clianthus in 1769 and C. puniceus was described in 1835.
Holcus species are used as food plants by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species including Coleophora lixella.
Detarium is a plant genus of the family Fabaceae.
It can live 500 years, but usually does not reach 100.
Citrus myrtifolia, the myrtle-leaved orange tree, is a species of Citrus with foliage similar to that of the common myrtle.
The botanical definition of a "nut" is a fruit whose ovary wall becomes very hard at maturity.
Pentaphragma is the sole genus in Pentaphragmataceae, a family in the order Asterales.
Podolepis is a genus of the pussy's-toes tribe within the daisy family.
Dalbergia oligophylla is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
It is a bunchgrass often used as an ornamental grass in garden design and landscaping.
Some occur in more moist areas, such as the mountains of central Africa.
shastense Skinner -- Shasta lily - Oregon, northern California
Angel Wing Begonias will grow well under shade cloth, lattice, or in early morning/late afternoon sun.
Abacá, binomial name Musa textilis, is a species of banana native to the Philippines, grown as a commercial crop in the Philippines, Ecuador, and Costa Rica.
Sinobambusa tootsik Makino ex Nakai - Fujian, Guangdong, Guangxi, Vietnam; naturalized in Japan including Ryukyu Islands
Longleaf pine takes 100 to 150 years to become full size and may live to be 500 years old.
This is also reported from the southern part of India and the regions of Western Ghats hot spots.
Its mucilaginous leaves are used as a dry or fresh vegetable in a variety of dishes, and as medicine for several different ailments.
It is prized by woodworkers and woodturners as a rare and exotic timber, often used in wood turnings, knife handles and other specialist items.
Davidsonia jerseyana, Davidson's plum or Mullumbimby plum, is a slender small tree, generally 5 metres high, native to lowland subtropical rainforests of New South Wales.
As of 2012, this plant could still be found in only five small sites in East Sicily.
The flowers are yellow, orange, or red, produced in tight racemes.
The bark of A. pycnantha produces more tannin than any other wattle species, resulting in its commercial cultivation for production of this compound.
It is found on all continents except Antarctica.
Its habitat is confined to very local damp, lime-rich places, in long herbage.
Platonia is related to Montrouziera from New Caledonia.
Based on a molecular phylogenetic study it was transferred to the family Myrsinaceae, before this family was later merged into the Primulaceae.
Fraser magnolia is a small, deciduous tree growing to 14 m tall, as a basal-branching, fragrant plant, with brown bark with a "warty" or "scaly" texture.
Tigridia mexicana Molseed - central + southern Mexico
Sagina subulata Fenzl) is a species of Sagina, native to Europe, from Iceland south to Spain, and east to southern Sweden and Romania.
It occurs naturally in heathland and woodland areas.
Tessmannia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Fabaceae.
It is locally known as pitaya dulce, Spanish for "sweet pitaya" or sweet cactus fruit.
It usually forms rosettes 8 cm across, although plants up to 20 cm in diameter have been reported.
- rod wirelettuce - California, Oregon, Nevada, Baja California; 2n=16
Pentabrachion is a plant genus from the family Phyllanthaceae first described as a genus in 1864.
Schizopetalon is a genus of the botanical family Brassicaceae.
The same hybrid was produced experimentally in Japan where it is known as Abelmoschus glutino-textile.
Anthonotha leptorrhachis is a species of tree in the Fabaceae family.
- tufted wirelettuce - Washington, Oregon, California, Nevada, Idaho; 2n=16
In coastal areas this tree grows in woodland habitat on sandy substrates.
It flowers in May and often has a second flowering in July.
Quercus ilex, the evergreen oak, holly oak or holm oak, is a large evergreen oak native to the Mediterranean region.
It is threatened by habitat loss, and is on the World Conservation Union Red List.
This species is a target of Gypsy moths.
Among eucalypts, only Eucalyptus regnans grows taller.
Spartina arundinacea Carmich - Tristan da Cunha, Amsterdam Island in Indian Ocean
Four genera comprise this family: Medusandra, Soyauxia, Peridiscus, and Whittonia., with a total of 12 known species.
Growing in sun or shade, it is well-suited to the temperate forest understory and can rapidly colonize areas to form monotypic stands and out-compete native vegetation.
Richeria dressleri - Costa Rica, Nicaragua, Panama, Ecuador
The fruit of this cactus was an important food for the Seri people in Sonora, who call the cactus xaasj.
The shoot tips have been sold as tropical asparagus.
Elliptical leaves, about 10-40 per plant, are scattered along the stems.
The name Adenandra derives from Greek aden, a gland; ander, a man.
indicated that the epiphytic genus Capanea is derived from within Kohleria, and the two species of Capanea were subsequently transferred to Kohleria.
It originated in China, where its name ultimately derives.
Four species are native to rain forests of western and central Africa and one, Oxystigma msoo, is native to eastern Africa.
Astragalus nitidiflorus is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
Sarracenia flava, the yellow pitcherplant, is a carnivorous plant in the family Sarraceniaceae.
It is frost hardy except in young age.
Flowers emerge from the center of the leaves, and may be very big in relation to the overall size of the plant.
A good collection of pictures of plants in this family has appeared in a scientific paper.
Only one species, T. youngiana, is commonly seen in cultivation.
Nepenthes sibuyanensis  is a tropical pitcher plant endemic to Sibuyan Island in the Philippines, after which it is named.
Laelia is abbreviated L. in the horticultural trade.
The tufted saxifrage grows on ledges and gravelly places.
It was initially given the name Beltrania, but this turned out to be an illegitimate homonym.
It can grow taller to 5 m in sheltered areas, and much smaller in more exposed areas.
Malcolmia maritima, Virginia stock is a popular annual garden plant from the family Brassicaceae.
Its species are native to tropical habitats in southern Mexico, Central America and northwestern South America.
Like many members of series Abietinae, it has not been considered to have much horticultural potential and is rarely cultivated.
One member of the genus, Elettaria cardamomum, is a commercially important spice used as a flavouring agent in many countries.
However, the tree's bark also contains brucine and other poisonous compounds.
It is native to temperate southern South America, where it is distributed in Chile and Argentina.
It contains only one species, Brasiliopuntia brasiliensis.
The seed-pods are 30mm long and are almost hairless, unlike those of the similar species Calicotome villosa.
Chrysophyllum cainito is a tropical tree of the family Sapotaceae.
Some Hatiora species are well known and widely cultivated ornamentals, known as Easter cactus or Whitsun cactus.
This genus alone makes up the monogeneric Trichocentrum alliance, a quite distinct lineage of the subtribe Oncidiinae.
Flowers of at least some astilbe species have a strong and pleasant aroma.
The cucumber is originally from South Asia, but now grows on most continents.
Desmoncus stans Grayum & Nevers - Costa Rica
Prior to the European colonization of the Americas, cane was an extremely important resource for local Native Americans.
The plant can also be described by the formula Laburnum anagyroides + Chamaecytisus purpureus.
Thrinax is a genus in the palm family, native to the wider Caribbean.
The seeds are spread very effectively by traditional hay-making practices.
The generally recognised eight Sceletium species are S. crassicaule, S. emarcidum, S. exalatum, S. expansum, S. rigidum, S. strictum, S. tortuosum and S. varians.
The population has declined considerably because of overexploitation and habitat degradation.
The flowers are produced in early spring, before the new leaves, in compact panicles; they are inconspicuous with no petals, and are wind-pollinated.
Plants with 1 to 3 basal leaves that are 1 or 2 times ternate.
Like other members of the family, the plant contains an irritant which causes intense discomfort to the lips, mouth and throat.
Together with its closest relative Austromuellera, it lies within the subtribe Musgraveinae of tribe Banksieae in the Grevilleoideae subfamily of family Proteaceae.
Ormosia jamaicensis is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
The one Asiatic species previously treated in Penstemon is now placed in a separate genus Pennellianthus.
The genus now contains only seven species, two native to eastern North America and the other five native to Asia, Australia, Africa, or Madagascar.
Lagochilus turkestanicus Knorring - Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan
It is native to Southeast Asia, the Indian Subcontinent, Japan, southern China, and New Guinea.
Kakabeak featured on New Zealand's definitive stamps from 1960 to 1969, initially on the pre-decimal 2d stamp, and then on its replacement 2c stamp from 1967.
Nepenthes smilesii is a tropical pitcher plant native to northeastern Thailand, southern Laos, Cambodia, and Vietnam.
The genus is named after Juan Ignacio Molina, a 19th-century Chilean naturalist.
Campanula  is one of several genera in the family Campanulaceae with the common name bellflower.
Due to their attractively coloured flowers, these bushes attract birds and insects that feed on flower nectar.
Its leaves are elliptic to broad-elliptic or ovate-elliptic, bluntly acute.
The sole species is Clonostylis forbesii is a flowering tree found in Sumatra.
White flowers appear in late spring to early summer.
Tacarcuna gentryi Huft - Darién Province in Panama, Magdalena Department in Colombia
It has an overall white appearance due to wooly hairs that cover the stems and leaves.
Ruellia rasa is a plant native of Cerrado vegetation of Brazil.
Nepenthes talangensis  is a tropical pitcher plant endemic to Sumatra, where it grows in upper montane forest at elevations of 1800–2500 m above sea level.
Its common names include Chinese plum and Japanese apricot.
The north-eastern NSW and south-eastern Qld endemic species L. pulchella has obtained the conservation status of "vulnerable" species by both the Qld and NSW governments.
Anodopetalum biglandulosum is a Tasmanian endemic shrub or small tree species that is a common component of Tasmania's cool temperate rainforests.
The bark is grey, and fissured when old.
Archidendron is a genus of flowering plants in the pea family, Fabaceae.
Its common use as an herbal remedy for toothache and oral infections earned it the nickname toothache plant.
The dense bunches also provide cover for small animals such as the rare Botteri's sparrow.
They are fan palms, the leaves with an armed petiole terminating in a rounded, costapalmate fan of numerous leaflets.
The seedpods of the plant often bend the stalks down to the ground where they have a better chance of propagating a new generation of plants.
Reinhardtia latisecta Burret - Belize, Honduras, Nicaragua, Costa Rica
It is an important source of nectar in the honey industry and its hard, strong timber is used in construction.
It is known from Palawan and the neighbouring Calamian Islands and Linapacan, where it grows at 0–600 metres above sea level.
Cyrtostylis, alongside its close relative, the well-known and widely cultivated B. media.
There are several subspecies, most of which are known by the common name goosefoot violet.
Ticodendron incognitum is the only species of Ticodendron, and the only member of the family Ticodendraceae.
The tree has small deep green leaves, superficially similar to Delonix regia.
which was cut down by the local aboriginal because of their superstition when it bloomed in 1979.
Chlorophytum tuberosum is a species of flowering plant, one of several species known by the common name musli.
Kleinia neriifolia also known as Verode or Berode is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family.
Margaritaria is a plant genus of the Phyllanthaceae family first published as a genus in 1782.
This plant is cited in Flora Brasiliensis by Carl Friedrich Philipp von Martius.
Aster alpinus is an ornamental plant native to the mountains of Europe, with a subspecies native to Canada and the United States.
Alfalfa sprouts are a common ingredient in dishes made in South Indian cuisine.
They are, however, used as food plants by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species including Silver-ground Carpet.
Nemophila is a genus found in the flowering plant family Boraginaceae.
Peganum harmala, commonly called esfand, wild rue, Syrian rue, African rue, harmel, or aspand, is a plant of the family Nitrariaceae.
The fruit is a berry type, and has waxy yellow skin with reddish-brown seeds.
Amsonia palmeri A.Gray – Palmer's Bluestar - Arizona, New Mexico, Texas, Sonora, Chihuahua
Seed can last for many years; old spikes 9 to 12 years old have been found to have seed that remains 100% viable.
Many grow in mountainous areas and are adapted to warm mediterranean climates as well as subtropical and tropical climates.
Pickeringia is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the legume family, Fabaceae.
It is included in both the state and federal lists of endangered species.
Ferraria variabilis Goldblatt & J.C.Manning - Cape Province, Namibia
In cultivation, watering too much in winter often leads to root rot.
The northernmost limit of its natural occurrence is coastal Georgia, although it has been introduced into coastal South Carolina on landscaping trees.
The 25 extant genera include Cartrema, which was resurrected in 2012.
Haageocereus is a genus of cacti endemic to the lower elevations of the extremely dry desert along the coast of Peru and northern Chile.
The tree typically grows to a height of 2 to 35 metres.
The leaves are alternate, leathery, with an entirely too coarsely toothed margin, and are typically 5–10 cm long.
The long, lateral petals equally end in a thickened club-shaped tip.
The fruit is edible but rather sour.
Plants in this genus have small dioecious flowers, and clusters of small grape-like drupes.
The type species is Chiloglottis diphylla R.Br..
Smokebushes are rarely cultivated, though the flowers of several Western Australian species are harvested for the cut flower industry.
Tarragon grows to 120–150 cm tall, with slender branched stems.
Like the rest of the Clematis genus, it contains essential oils and compounds which are extremely irritating to the skin and mucous membranes.
Its flower heads emerge in the late summer to early fall and show pale blue-violet rays with yellow centres.
It is found in Argentina and Bolivia.
Canarium ovatum, commonly known as pili, is a species of tropical tree belonging to the genus Canarium.
It is native to central and southwestern Asia from Turkey to Turkmenistan and Pakistan.
Stylidium simulans is a dicotyledonous plant that belongs to the genus Stylidium that was described by Sherwin Carlquist in 1979.
As an herb used in traditional Chinese medicine it is known as Ban Zhi Lian.
There has also been records of the seedpods being turned into a children's rattle or toy.
Persicaria vivipara is a perennial herbaceous flowering plant in the knotweed and buckwheat family Polygonaceae, commonly known as alpine bistort.
latisquama Cronquist - Great Plains, Mississippi Valley
The leaves are oval, green, 3-7.5 cm long.
It belongs to the tribe Gossypieae, in the mallow family, Malvaceae, native to the tropical and subtropical regions from both the Old and New World.
It is found at variable altitudes from sea level to 1000 metres, in non-flooding areas with good drainage and in soils of good fertility.
It is widely planted in many lands and has become naturalized in parts of North America.
The flowers develop one at a time at the base of the leaf.
The species Hindsia longiflora and H. violacea were used to separate the genus from Rondeletia.
The Pitcairnioideae comprise the terrestrial subfamily of the bromeliads with over 1000 species in 16 genera.
Koalas reintroduced to Kangaroo Island impact on native E. viminalis and is part of a A$4,000,000 management project from 2005-9.
Although continental climates prevail over all of its natural range, it grows well in the maritime climate of Vancouver.
The simple stem grows from rhizomes and carries thin, basal leaves with a slight to a somewhat longer stalk.
It can be described as having from seven to 40 genera, depending on the source and the method of circumscription used.
Penstemon strictus, the Rocky Mountain penstemon, is a penstemon with showy blue flowers.
It is native to western Latin America from the Valdivian temperate rain forests of southern Chile and adjacent regions of southern Argentina, north to southern Mexico.
The supplejack in Arrernte is called Atnyerampwe, and the gum is Ngwarle atnyerampwe.
Monardella stoneana Elvin & A.C.Sanders - San Diego County in California, Baja California
They are thick and succulent with a crunchy texture and a natural saltiness.
Most species of Alchemilla are clump-forming or mounded, perennials with basal leaves arising from woody rhizomes.
This plant has further commercial value because it may be used in the production of heart of palm.
Cornus alba is a species of flowering plant in the family Cornaceae, native to Siberia, northern China and Korea.
The generic name honours Persian physician Avicenna.
This genus has two recognized subgenera: the type subgenus and Wittmackiopsis Mez.
Seven are endemic to Madagascar, though one, C. roseus, is widely naturalized around the world.
Asystasia mysorensis is an edible plant species in the family Acanthaceae found in Africa.
Native aboriginals are known to have buried the fruit underground to ripen.
Some species can fix nitrogen from the atmosphere with the help of symbiotic bacteria that form nodules in their roots.
Rhodora was a section of subgenus Pentanthera in the genus Rhododendron, that has since been discontinued.
The name D. vegeta is commonly misapplied to both D. iridioides and D. grandiflora.
It is native to Europe and northern Asia.
Lupinus odoratus is a species of lupine known by the common name Mojave lupine.
Helianthella, the little sunflower, is a genus of North American plants in the sunflower family.
They have rough-textured leaves, hence the common name sandpaper vine.
It is known by a variety of names such as Christmas berry, Australian holly, coral ardisia, coral bush, coralberry, coralberry tree, hen's-eyes, and spiceberry.
It is found in Colombia and Ecuador.
A salt-tolerant coastal plant which is now flourishing along roads and motorways in Europe, especially under the crash barriers in the central reservation.
The species is speacilised to Ultramafic soils and found within the Bidu Bidu forest reserve.
Most penstemons are deciduous or semi-evergreen perennials, the remainder being shrubs or subshrubs.
Pollination occurs early the following spring, with the male cones 3–8 cm long.
Foliage is highly attractive glossy, dark green & lacy.
The fruit can be peeled by pinching the tip, which should cause the skin to slough off so it can be pulled away.
Delosperma is a genus of around 100 species of succulent plants, formerly included in Mesembryanthemum in the family Aizoaceae.
It is also cultivated as a lawn grass in other tropical regions, and naturalized in scattered locations in tropical North and South America.
The taxon originally named N. junghuhnii by John Muirhead Macfarlane has never been formally published.
It is native to Southeast Asia and southern China.
Tony Bean assessed this species' conservation status as data deficient in 2000.
Halimione portulacoides or sea purslane is a small greyish-green shrub widely distributed in temperate Eurasia and parts of Africa.
It is monotypic within the genus Botrypus, this means that it is the only species included within the genus.
^ Prance, G. T. & S.A. Mori.
The aquatic herbs in the genus Elatine often have reduced characteristics as part of their adaptation to an aquatic habitat.
They are commonly known as Mitchell grass after Scottish explorer, Thomas Mitchell, who first collected a specimen near Bourke in New South Wales.
Plantaginaceae, the plantain family, is a family of flowering plants in the order Lamiales.
It is a hybrid between N. entrerianum and N. gracile.
Quercus durata is an evergreen shrub occasionally reaching 3 meters in height but usually much shorter.
The names have the derivations stapeliiformis = resembling Stapelia, and sepentina = serpentine.
It is found in Kenya, Madagascar, and Tanzania.
It is a deciduous tree, reaching a height of 10–20 m.
The flowers are borne on stalks ranging from 1 to 10 millimeters in length.
It is widely cultivated and contains a number of subspecies and cultivars.
Ficus sycomorus, called the sycamore fig or the fig-mulberry, sycamore, or sycomore, is a fig species that has been cultivated since ancient times.
It is sometimes placed in the families Gratiolaceae, Plantaginaceae, or Veronicaceae.
It is native to China, the Indian Subcontinent, Southeast Asia, Papuasia, and Queensland.
There are eight species and nineteen taxa currently recognized.
It is native to southeast Asia, from Indonesia and the Malay Peninsula to the island of New Guinea.
Unlike any other Neotropical Moraceae, the leaves and twigs of Poulsenia are covered in small prickles.
T. peltatum is currently cultivated in only three botanical gardens: Abidjan, Bonn, and Würzburg.
Eriocephalus africanus is fragrant, with lightly felted foliage that gives the plant a matt silvery appearance.
Goodyera flowers are characterized by a saccate nectary of the lip with a beak-shaped apex.
It is found in Cameroon and Nigeria.
They are frequently found in wetland areas.
However, the majority of onions grown for pickling are common onions.
The leaves are grayish-green, and the plants are hairy all over.
The generic name honors the botanist, physician, and philosopher Andrea Cesalpino.
Many species are widely planted in the tropics as orchid trees, particularly in India, Sri Lanka, Vietnam and southeastern China.
It is pollinated by large butterflies, mostly swallowtails.
Salix reinii is a species of willow native to Japan and southern Kuriles.
It can also grow well with pine trees.
It is endemic and found only in Ecuador.
It is a shrub growing to 1–2 m tall.
Flowers, which can be seen from March to June, grow in clusters.
The genus Myosurus, or mousetail, belongs to the buttercup family.
It was first described in 2006, having previously confused with Borassus aethiopum and Borassus flabellifer.
Cynodon transvaalensis - South Africa, Lesotho; introduced in other parts of Africa plus in scattered locales in Iran, Australia, and the Americas
The plant is probably native to southeastern Europe and western Asia.
It is also used as an abortifacient.
S. l. lucida - shining willow, Newfoundland west to eastern Saskatchewan, and south to Maryland and South Dakota
It has a nearly cosmopolitan distribution, but is concentrated in two centers of diversity, one in Australia, the other in western North America.
It grows to a height of 60 cm.
It ranges from the Eyre Peninsula in South Australia, to north of Armidale, New South Wales, and across Tasmania and the islands of Bass Strait.
Cistanthe is a plant genus which includes most plants known as pussypaws.
It is a healing, therapeutic and aromatic plant that only grows wild on the mountainsides and gorges of the Greek island of Crete, Greece.
It is threatened by habitat loss and overharvesting.
Economic uses of the Rhamnaceae are chiefly as ornamental plants and as the source of many brilliant green and yellow dyes.
Berberidopsidaceae is a family of flowering plants.
It prefers good soil that is slightly acidic.
Contact with it causes skin irritation, and if the eyes are afflicted, blindness may occur.
Chrysochlamys is a plant genus of the family Clusiaceae.
In the north latitudes it is in flower from August to October, and the seeds ripen in October.
It grows to 10–15 cm tall, with a stout stem, single or a few together, from a thick, yellow taproot.
In Chinese they are known as Mumian, meaning "tree cotton".
This practice became popular in the 1910 – 1930 time period, and has become a substantial symbol for lesbian women in the modern era as well.
It was adopted by Ipswich City Council as a floral emblem in 1996.
There has also been some revival of the use of woad for craft purposes.
Species such as Dendropanax trifidus or "kakuremino" in Japanese, are used in roji gardens, traditional moist and mossy areas leading to the chashitsu for tea ceremonies.
It grows in coastal areas of bays, lagoons, and tidal creeks, typically growing inland of other mangroves, well above the high tide line.
The leaves are 1.5–5 cm long and 1–3 cm broad, and softly hairy.
Some species are serious pathogens of cereal crops, with the greatest effects being in savanna agriculture in Africa.
Flowers have a tubular calyx, and the corolla may be funnel- or bell-shaped, or salverform.
The genus is native to central, south-central, and eastern Asia.
Native from eastern North America, where it is found growing in dry or open woods.
Two Mexican species have become a pest in parts of Australia and Taiwan.
Banksia serrata is pollinated by and provides food for a wide array of vertebrate and invertebrate animals in the autumn and winter months.
It is an evergreen plant growing to 15–30 centimetres tall, with glossy green trifoliate leaves, each leaflet around 5 centimetres long.
It can be found in areas where other plants do not grow, such as sandy, dry, degraded slopes, salty soils, disturbed areas, and rocky cliffs.
- small wirelettuce - widespread throughout western United States + Baja California; 2n=16
This plant has a commercial value because it has oil seeds which may be used to make cosmetics.
Common names include Queensland umbrella tree, octopus tree and amate.
It is known in Spanish as zarzaparrilla, which is derived from the words zarza meaning "bramble", and parrilla, meaning "little grape vine".
Phaseolus lunatus, commonly known as the lima bean, butter bean, or sieva bean, is a legume grown for its edible seeds or beans.
It contains about 300 species of shrubs and trees, that are found worldwide, mostly in warmer regions.
Alnus nepalensis is a large alder tree found in the subtropical highlands of the Himalayas.
The basal leaves few with long petioles and deeply 3-parted with leaflets lacking stems or rarely with a stalk.
It has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.
Dendrocnide species are used as food plants by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species, including Aenetus scotti.
At least two species are native to South Africa.
For both these reasons it should not be disturbed.
The flowers are produced in drooping panicles 25 to 50 cm long.
Its name means "mountain cereus", formed from the Greek prefix oreo- and the New Latin cereus, meaning wax or torch.
Edible grains from other plant families, such as buckwheat, quinoa and chia, are referred to as pseudocereals.
The leaves are generally 36-86 mm long and 1.5-2.5 mm wide.
They are herbaceous annuals, rarely perennials, growing to 10–120 cm tall.
Neohouzeaua stricta - straight-culmed Burma bamboo - Myanmar
Anatomical characteristics of leaf blades differ between the taxa.
Plants may grow up to one metre high and produce basal clumps of round, deeply lobed, dark green, fuzzy leaves with winged leafstalks.
Specifically, its root system must be partially submerged in water most of the time, and it wants very good light.
The Saint Helena olive was a plant from the monotypic genus of flowering plants Nesiota within the family Rhamnaceae.
Symplocarpus foetidus, commonly known as skunk cabbage or eastern skunk cabbage, is a low growing, foul-smelling plant that grows in wetlands of eastern North America.
Amaranthus wrightii is a species of flowering plant.
These are epiphytes that bloom in early spring.
The 68 genera are placed in seven subtribes:
To the casual observer the flower appears to have a small bell-clapper sticking out.
English common names include cloudberry, bakeapple, knotberry and knoutberry, aqpik or low-bush salmonberry, and averin or evron.
They sometimes produce a light yellow or pure white variation mixed in with the reds.
Ptilimnium viviparum Mathias - Virginia, West Virginia, Maryland
Aspidosperma macrocarpon is a timber tree native to Brazil.
Koeleria besseri – Europe from Czech Rep to central European Russia
Cephalanthera gracilis S.C.Chen & G.H.Zhu - Yunnan
Elaeis is a genus of palms containing two species, called oil palms.
Sageretia is a genus of about 35 species of shrubs and small trees in the family Rhamnaceae, native to southern and eastern Asia and northeast Africa.
Quercus laurifolia is a tree growing to 65–80 feet) tall, with a large, circular crown.
Abarema ganymedea is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
It is found in wet montane forest habitats in central Colombia.
Also, the narrow range of the Cicer reticulatum suggests that the prospects for improving the adaptive range of domesticated chickpea are quite limited.
The natural distribution of the about sixty species belonging to this family is restricted to the southern half of South-America.
The plant produces one flower head per flowering stalk.
It is also known to occur in Montana and Washington.
Due to its compactness, it can also be planted in a pot or other container.
Nepenthes × mirabilata is a natural hybrid involving N. alata and N. mirabilis.
Scapes are relatively short for the genus, rarely more than 10 cm tall.
The genus is characterized by opposite, blunt-tipped leaves and pink flowers with 9 stamens.
Although suggested a century earlier by Charles Darwin, carnivory in the genus was not proven until 1998.
Bromeliads in the genera Guzmania and Vriesia are the more commonly cultivated members of this subfamily.
At the northern edge of its range in England, it has always been rare, and is now extinct.
The research concluded that of the 40 genetically diverse populations of Echinacea studied, there were nine distinct species.
is a species in the Poaceae family native to Palestine and the Levant.
It is a member of the Ericaceae.
The variegation of the leaves arises from the distinct white veins contrasted with the dark green of the leaf.
It also contains antioxidants and both soluble and insoluble dietary fiber.
The dicot and annual herb  is found in scrublands, desert flats, washes and open stony areas between 50 and 1,500 m in elevation.
Banksia burdettii, commonly known as Burdett's banksia, is a species of shrub or tree of the genus Banksia in the family Proteaceae.
It is native from central and eastern North America.'
Cocona is harvested in parts of South America around the Amazon rainforest such as Purús Province in eastern Peru.
It is native to southern Europe and western Asia, and naturalized elsewhere It has been cultivated as a leaf vegetable in England since the 17th century.
Restrepia antennifera, the Antennae-carrying Restrepia, is an epiphytic, miniature species of orchid found at higher altitudes in cool, moist montane forests in Venezuela, Colombia and Ecuador.
It was formerly classified in the genus Eupatorium.
Archidendron pahangense is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
Rhigozum is a genus of flowering plants in the Bignoniaceae family.
It is sometimes branched, as in the cases of E. macra and E. petersii.
Typhonium taylorii A.Hay - Northern Territory of Australia
Abolboda sprucei Malme - Colombia, State of Amazonas in southern Venezuela
It is very nearly cosmopolitan in distribution, with species on every continent except Antarctica.
Rhynchocalyx is endemic to the KwaZulu-Cape coastal forest mosaic ecoregion of the Natal and Eastern Cape provinces of South Africa.
The genus has a subcosmopolitan distribution, with species occurring nearly worldwide, mainly in temperate regions.
The seed-like fruit is narrow with a pappus of several pointed scales.
The flowers are nodding, bell-shaped, 3–5 cm long, creamy white, produced in arching panicles from early summer to early autumn.
Prunus padus, known as bird cherry, hackberry, hagberry, or Mayday tree, is a species of cherry, native to northern Europe and northern Asia.
The Calceolaria Herbeohybrida group, also called C. herbeohybrida Voss, is a group of ornamental hybrids known only in cultivation, called florists slipperwort.
The genus name as well as the common name refer to the plant's yellow roots, which was used to produce a yellow dye by Native Americans.
It is used as a vegetable specially in Sri Lanka and some asian countries.
Aurinia contains the following species accepted by The Plant List:
It is insoluble in water, but soluble in alcohol, chloroform and ether.
The trees have been widely planted in tropical regions elsewhere, including lowland Central America, northern South America, and the Caribbean.
Like many cactuses, it bears leaves which have become specialized as spines, as well as succulent leaf blades.
Saraca asoca is a plant belonging to the Caesalpinioideae subfamily of the legume family.
Currently, the chickpea’s immediate ancestor, Cicer reticulatum, and its interfertile sister species Cicer echinospermum, are the main sources of new variation.
The species is quite variable, and several subspecies or varieties have been recognized within it.
The flowers are small, white, and star-shaped, and they occur in small umbels of 5-7.
It also resembles the ʻōhiʻa lehua of Hawaiʻi.
Cleistocactus winteri is a succulent of the Cactaceae family.
Tricyrtis is a genus of Asian flowering plants in the lily family, with approximately 20 known species.
The parsnip is usually cooked, but can also be eaten raw.
Species of Meineckia may be monoecious or dioecious.
The family name comes from the genus Urtica.
In some developing nations, grain in the form of rice, wheat, millet, or maize constitutes a majority of daily sustenance.
Bambusa riparia Holttum - Papua New Guinea
However, due to the slow-growing nature of N. rajah, few hybrids involving the species have been artificially produced yet.
The leaves are grey green and have a spine at the tip.
Baloghia is a genus of plants under the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1833.
Plants in cultivation have at times been misidentified as Cleome arborea, C. pungens or C. spinosa.
Blooms are 4" in diameter and are held from May until June.
Solidago, commonly called goldenrods, is a genus of about 100 to 120 species of flowering plants in the aster family, Asteraceae.
They grow from the base of the plant.
William Turner, a herbalist of the time, gave it the name "holyoke" from which the English name derives.
Species of this genus are referred to as hedgehog cacti, though that name is also applied to plants from the genera Echinocereus and Echinopsis.
Other names include melawis and ramin telur.
The tree's flowering in late winter and early spring is highly regarded as a seasonal symbol.
Arctostaphylos andersonii, the Santa Cruz manzanita, is a species of Arctostaphylos, limited in geography to the Santa Cruz Mountains of California.
The abbreviation for this genus is Odm.
Some species are commonly called mimosa, which more accurately refers to plants of genus Mimosa.
G. elegans is also nicknamed "heartbreak grass".
The common name refers to the shape of its inflorescence, which is typical of the arum family.
The black-eyed pea, black-eyed bean or goat pea, a legume, is a subspecies of the cowpea, grown around the world for its medium-sized, edible bean.
Chlamydomonas reinhardtii is a single-cell green alga about 10 micrometres in diameter that swims with two flagella.
The flowers are hermaphrodite, and are widely grown in horticulture.
There are also isolated populations in Massachusetts and in the Great Lakes region.
Tetrameristaceae is a family of flowering plants.
It is native to Western Europe and Tunisia, cultivated in many places as an ornamental plant in gardens, and naturalized in several regions.
The natural range of the one accepted species extends from eastern Malesia, Australia to the western Pacific Ocean.
The plant can reach up to 80 cm, It typically flowers in May and June, but not always.
The generic name is derived from the Latin word coluber, meaning "snake", and refers to the snake-like stems or stamens.
Most species have bisexual flowers, but some taxa are dioecious.
Alkanna is a genus of herbaceous plants including about 60 species of the family Boraginaceae.
Lathyrus lanszwertii is a species of sweet pea known by the common names Nevada sweet pea or peavine.
They prefer mildly acidic soils, growing in woods near pines, hemlock or mossy hummocks.
The tree's seeds are shiny, black and have a crimson appendage-like aril.
The plant can grow to 15–150 cm in height.
Zoysia seslerioides Clayton & F.R.Richardson - Vietnam
English botanist Brian Burtt transferred the species to the genus Hakea in 1941.
The species P. bolusii and P. nelii are cultivated as ornamentals.
Despite its common name Brazilian fuchsia, it is not closely related to the true fuchsias.
Consequently, dicoumarol may be found in decaying sweet-clover, and was the cause of the so-called sweet-clover disease, recognized in cattle in the 1920s.
Such a change in flower color is common in Boraginaceae and is caused by an increase of pH in the flower tissue.
The plants are well known as the original source of the heart medicine digoxin.
Since then, more populations have been found in the US but it still remains one of the most imperiled plants in North America.
Galearis spectabilis is an orchid species of the genus Galearis.
The Orchidoideae, or the orchidoid orchids, are a subfamily of the orchid family.
"Loche", a group of landraces in Peru.
'Limniris' is derived from the Latin for marsh or living-in-lakes Iris, or pond iris.
Several species have been formally described and another has been temporarily designated Fischeripollis sp.
Known small white varieties include 'Crystal Wax',(or 'White Bermuda').
In Pilosella, many individual plants are capable of forming both normal sexual and asexual seeds, whereas individual plants of Hieracium only produce one kind of seeds.
It is also endemic from Befandriana Nord to Mandritsara.
Libertia umbellata Ravenna - Los Lagos region of Chile
The large leathery, dark green leaves are 15–30 cm long.
Chrysophyllum members are usually tropical trees, often growing rapidly to 10–20 m or more in height.
Stems are up to 45 cm tall, with white, pink, or rose-colored flowers that sometimes turn darker pink as they get older.
The genus includes herbaceous plants and small subshrubs.
Within the monocots Pandanales are grouped in the lilioid monocots where they are in a sister group relationship with the Dioscoreales.
Leymus paboanus - Russia, China, Mongolia, Central Asia, Afghanistan
The plant grows in woods, prairies, and disturbed habitat, such as roadsides.
Endodesmia calophylloides is a flowering plant species of the family Calophyllaceae and the sole species comprised in the genus Endodesmia.
Lehua papa, however, is restricted to a narrow habitat range at the summits of very wet, windswept ridges and cliffs in the Koʻolau mountains.
The fruit is a samara comprising a single seed 1–2 cm long with an elongated apical wing 2.5–4 cm long and 5–7 mm broad.
They are known horticulturally as "Mimulus" and were formerly placed in the genus Mimulus when it was defined broadly to include about 150 species.
It is found in southern China, Southeast Asia, the Indian subcontinent, and New Guinea.
Magnolia delavayi is a species of flowering plant in the genus Magnolia native to southern China, occurring in Guizhou, Sichuan and Yunnan at 1,500-2,800 m altitude.
Sagotia brachysepala Secco - French Guinea, Suriname, Guyana, Venezuela, Colombia, Brazil
It is native to China, from Jiangsu south to Fujian and Guangdong, and west to southeastern Gansu and Yunnan.
Triglochin linearis – Cycnogeton lineare – Western Australia
One species also occurs in the southern Andes in South America.
The species occurs particularly in wetland habitats, but also on dry sand dunes and grassland.
Beschorneria rigida Rose - Guanajuato, San Luis Potosí, Puebla
Rhizophora is a genus of tropical mangrove trees, sometimes collectively called true mangroves.
Descurainia sophia is a member of the mustard family.
It has not yet been covered in some others, such as Flora of Australia, and Flora of North America.
It is an attractive small shrub and is a popular garden plant.
Sclerolobium beaureipairei is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
This species has been the source of much confusion since its discovery.
Clinical use for a variety of liver ailments, such as hepatitis, has also prospered throughout many parts of the world.
Use of the plant is contraindicated in pregnancy, during lactation or with infants due to the small amount of cardiac glycosides.
They grow to 1.8 m and are primarily found in woodlands, adjacent to creeks and moist, prairie-like areas.
Citrus myrtifolia is sometimes planted in gardens.
As a result, it is collected as a major non-timber forest product in Laos, and is that country's second export crop after coffee.
Another related species, Acer sieboldianum, is best distinguished by its yellow flowers, and smooth bark even on old trees.
Sweet pea is a flowering plant in the genus Lathyrus in the family Fabaceae, native to Sicily, Cyprus, southern Italy and the Aegean Islands.
Renanthera monachica is a species of orchid endemic to the Philippines.
Encountered as a shrub or small tree up to 6 m in height, it has prickly dark green leaves and dome-shaped cream-yellow flowerheads.
Represented by two known species, these plants are endemic to Mexico.
It is a pantropical family of shrubs and medium-sized to fairly large trees, occurring in wet, tropical forests and swamps of America, Africa and Asia.
The genus is named after the Prussian botanist, botanical artist and horticulturist The Prince and Earl of Salm Reifferscheid-Dyck.
However, it produces excellent yellow, buff and golden-orange dyes, used in the past for fabrics.
Among those genera Malvaviscus is distinguished by having auriculate petals and red, fleshy fruits.
Research by van Wyk and colleagues in South Africa suggests the genus may comprise at least two major lineages, recognizable by anatomical and other features.
The juvenile leaves are ovate and glaucus, and adult leaves are lanceolate to broad-lanceolate.
Its stem is erect, branched, and 4 to 30 inches high.
It is often seen growing where soil has recently been disturbed, such as alongside new roads.
Other common names for this species include white dogwood, pill flower and sago bush.
Since it is not dependent on sunlight to grow, it can grow in very dark environments as in the understory of dense forest.
Protected populations occur in the Tianmushan National Reserve[1], Huangshan[2], Wuyi Shan[3], and Badagongshan Nature Reserve[4].
The Crotonoideae are a subfamily within the family Euphorbiaceae.
It is apt to develop leaf spot.
It is a herbaceous perennial plant growing to 25 cm tall, with alternate, oblong-lanceolate leaves 5-12 cm long and 2-4 cm broad.
Dactylorhiza were previously classified under Orchis which has two round tubers.
The leaves are small and almost scale-like, being sessile or subsessile.
The ornamental orchid species Phalaenopsis hieroglyphica is native to certain islands of The Philippines.
Although small, this family has the diversity within to include trees, herbs, and shrubs.
Strelitzia reginae is a monocotyledonous flowering plant indigenous to South Africa.
It is the sole member of the genus Hyaenanche and the subtribe Hyaenanchinae.
The genus Anchusa belongs to the tribe Boragineae of the borage family.
Ipomoea × multifida is a hybrid between I. coccinea and Ipomoea quamoclit.
Vitis cinerea, the graybark grape, is a variety of grape.
Common names include firebush, hummingbird bush, scarlet bush, and redhead.
It is one of only 11 members of the Euphorbia native to California, and one of four native to the Santa Monica Mountains.
astrolux is a taller shrub to 5 m high found only in Nattai National Park.
It contains several species of flower known generally as checkerblooms or checkermallows, or prairie mallows in the United Kingdom.
Cestrum aurantiacum  is an invasive species native to North and South America.
It is also found in Central and South America.
Adult leaves remain in the juvenile phase and are ovate, sessile, 2.2 x 2.3 cm, concolorous, dull grey.
Annesijoa is a monotypic genus of plants in the family Euphorbiaceae.
It thrives in open, disturbed, rich, bottom ground, particularly in cultivated fields.
Their prominent bracts equal the length of the ovary.
One of these is in the alpine and subalpine zone of Kosciuszko National Park, where seven species are found.
Grammatophyllum speciosum, also called giant orchid, tiger orchid, sugar cane orchid or queen of the orchids, is a species of orchid native to tropical Asia.
Prosopis juliflora is a shrub or small tree in the family Fabaceae, a kind of mesquite.
The flower is bisexual and has three stamina and a three-stigma carpel, with the flower head having 3–8 unequal rays.
Rosa canina, commonly known as the dog rose, is a variable climbing, wild rose species native to Europe, northwest Africa, and western Asia.
Eucalyptus angustissima, or narrow-leaved mallee, is a small tree that is native to the south of Western Australia.
Globularia vulgaris is a plant belonging to the genus Globularia, in the family Plantaginaceae.
Species are commonly known as woolflowers, or, if the flower heads are crested by fasciation, cockscombs.
It is a herbaceous perennial plant growing to 40–100 cm tall, with alternate, oblong-lanceolate leaves 5–14 cm long.
Moluccella is a genus of annual and short-lived perennial plants native to Central + southwestern Asia and the Mediterranean.
Some authors recognize infra-specific taxa based, mainly, in their balsam phytochemistry; while other authors do not recognize such categories.
- Gansu, Guangxi, Guizhou, Hubei, Hunan, Shaanxi, Sichuan, Yunnan
However, yellow or red sweet onions may be used as well.
Members of this family are very common perennial herbs growing mainly in the Northern Hemisphere, but various species have been introduced almost everywhere.
The number of species in the Oleaceae is variously estimated in a wide range around 700.
It is a critically endangered endemic species, with only 25 plants known, all in one small wood, now protected as the Konecny Grove Natural Area.
It is also cultivated and has won prestigious awards at flower shows.
Franklinia is now thought to be closer in relation to the Asian genus Schima.
Leucanthemum is a genus of flowering plants in the aster family, Asteraceae.
Recent archaeobotanical research has confirmed the presence of domesticated pearl millet on the Sahel zone of northern Mali between 2500 and 2000 BC.
In Chile it occurs from 32 to 40° South Latitude approximately.
Balakata baccata grows up to 26 meters tall, while B. luzonica can reach 36 metres.
The genus is named after the astronomer Nicolaus Copernicus.
Aponogeton distachyos or Aponogeton distachyum, also known as waterblommetjie, Cape-pondweed, water hawthorn, vleikos and Cape pond weed is an aquatic flowering plant.
This species forms a complex for several ill-defined species.
In China, the root is made into a medicinal tea commonly called [bǎn lán gēn].
Flower forms are variable, with one head per stem; these can be as small as 5 cm diameter or up to 30 cm.
It is a common element of America's north central and northeastern mixed forests.
The name of the genus is derived from Greek roots meaning "gland-bearing and smooth flower".
Other common names include rhombus-leaved sida, Paddy's lucerne, jelly leaf, and also somewhat confusingly as Cuban jute, Queensland-hemp, and Indian hemp.
They have very large flowers and glossy foliage.
Cirsium palustre, the marsh thistle or European swamp thistle, is a herbaceous biennial flowering plant in the daisy family Asteraceae.
Cyclanthaceae is a family of flowering plants.
It grows as a vine and is deciduous in cool climates.
Its common name is hophornbeam in American English and hop-hornbeam in British English.
- France, Spain, Britain, Germany, Abruzzo, Ukraine, Crimea
They are born in axillary cymes without bracteoles.
The common bean is a highly variable species that has a long history of cultivation.
It is commonly known as dahoon holly or cassena, the latter derived from the Timucua name for I. vomitoria.
Glass is a non-crystalline amorphous solid that is often transparent and has widespread practical, technological, and decorative usage in, for example, window panes, tableware, and optoelectronics.
Numerous species once included in Trixis but now considered better suited to other genera: Acourtia Clibadium Dolichlasium Holocheilus Perezia Riencourtia
The scientific name 'erioloba' means "wooly lobe", a reference to the ear-shaped pods
They described the species as a bushy shrub 2–3 metres tall, with 10-millimetre-long, 2-millimetre-wide phyllodes, and yellow flowers.
They should be planted in well-drained compost as the stems are prone to rotting if kept moist for long.
The common name arises from their having a hollow, leek- or onion-like leaf.
In cultivation it hybridises readily with the closely related H. argutifolius.
Veratrum album, commonly known as false helleborine, white hellebore, European white hellebore, or white veratrum; syn.
The genus includes edelweiss, a well-known plant from the mountains of Europe.
It is well known in Sri Lanka where it is called Sinhalese: නවහන්දි Navahandi in Sinhalese.
It was known as Dryandra idiogenes until 2007.
It is often found near the upper limit of forest growth, giving way to giant heather zones above it.
ex Schott - Northern Territory, Western Australia
Stylidium is a genus of dicotyledonous plants that belong to the family Stylidiaceae.
The plant is easy to grow from seed in a well drained soil, which should be allowed to dry between watering.
N. rajah has two such mosquito taxa named after it: Culex rajah and Toxorhynchites rajah.
Onopordum acanthium L. - Cotton Thistle, Scotch thistle, Scotch common-thistle, heraldic thistle, woolly thistle
Dysosma delavayi has also shown a tendency to produce stolons, which aids propagation of this rare plant.
This species main distribution area is near Beja region and blossoms in March to May.
It was probably a Rhamnus species and was named for Lycia, the province in which it grew.
Nepenthes × alisaputrana more closely resembles N. rajah than N. burbidgeae, but it is difficult to confuse this plant with either.
Tridens flavus is easily distinguished by its short, hairy ligule.
The genus is named for Sylvestris Ochagavia, Chilean minister of education.
In 1493, Christopher Columbus first saw plants of this genus in Guadeloupe.
P. lutea grows in bright shade to sunny places with moist, rich soil.
The APG II system, of 2003, also recognizes such a family.
wallichiana was identified by Melville and Heybroek after the latter's expedition to the Himalaya in 1960.
A number of species which were formerly included in the genus have been transferred to Blennodia and Calocephalus, leaving one single species Leucophyta brownii.
Plants of this genus are toxic to sheep due to the presence of the sesquiterpene lactone hymenoxon.
Common name include Neger's Barberry and Michay de Neger.
Most current classifications include the segregate family Lobeliaceae in Campanulaceae as subfamily Lobelioideae.
In a broader circumscription, all the plants native to the countries around the Mediterranean Sea are placed in M. officinarum, which thus includes M. autumnalis.
Other species of mayhaws include Crataegus opaca, the western May Hawthorn, which is native from east Texas to Alabama.
The achenes bear a beak-like tubercule and are sometimes subtended by bristles.
The foliage is pale green with a tinge of blue.
It is also known as Texas star, brilliant hibiscus, and scarlet hibiscus.
Liriodendron tulipifera is native to eastern North America, while Liriodendron chinense is native to China and Vietnam.
This increases shade in the habitat, which negatively affects this and many other species in the herb layer.
Laguncularia racemosa is a species of flowering plant in the leadwood tree family, Combretaceae.
It is found in Mozambique and Tanzania.
Since 1960, world production of wheat and other grain crops has tripled and is expected to grow further through the middle of the 21st century.
Banksia menziesii, commonly known as firewood banksia, is a species of flowering plant in the genus Banksia.
According to DNA fingerprinting studies, breadfruit has its origins in the region of Oceania from New Guinea through the Indo-Malayan Archipelago to western Micronesia.
It comprises some important agricultural crops, including sugarcane, maize, sorghum, and switchgrass.
Several species of Curculio weevils infest the acorns.
Pueraria thomsonii has been used in traditional Chinese medicine for treatment of fever, acute dysentery, diarrhea, diabetes, and cardiovascular diseases.
It is native to: the Mediterranean region in southern Europe, North Africa, and Western Asia; East Europe and the Caucasus; and the Indian Subcontinent.
Commonly found in grassland, the genus originated in the northern hemisphere, but is now found worldwide.
The entire genus is endemic to New Zealand.
Phygelius capensis is a species of flowering plant in the Scrophulariaceae family, native to South Africa.
It is common in Cerrado vegetation in Brazil.
It is also found in Kerala, India.
Helonias bullata is a rare perennial rhizomatous herb native to the eastern United States, the only known species in the genus Helonias.
It has white or pink flowers surrounded by a whorl of leaflets and blooms in spring.
It may be an annual, biennial, or perennial, depending on the climate in which it is grown.
It readily hybridizes with other species in the genus Aquilegia.
Crotalaria juncea, known as brown hemp, Indian hemp, Madras hemp, or sunn hemp, is a tropical Asian plant of the legume family.
Adult leaves are stalked, alternate, lanceolate or falcate to 17 x 2.5 cm, concolorous, and dull green.
The aquatic plant Heteranthera limosa is a member of the water hyacinth family known by the common names ducksalad and blue mudplantain.
The plant uses these nutrients to supplement the nutrient-poor soil in which it grows.
This genus occurs in China, the Himalayas, Southeast Asia, Malaysia, Australia, New Caledonia and the Pacific Islands.
It can grow to over 10 cm in height, but it is usually smaller.
Hardenbergia is a small genus of leguminous vines from Australia.
It is 1–3 feet tall and bears 1 foot long spikes with blue, pink, purple and white flowers.
The age of the family is very roughly estimated at 100 million years.
It is a deciduous tree, reaching a height of 3–10 m.
A European native it grows on chalky grass land and limestone mountain pastures.
Tiliacora is a genus of flowering plants in the family Menispermaceae.
Male and female flowers are mixed together in the same clump.
Alopecurus setarioides - France, Greece, Italy, Balkans, Turkey
The flowers are often numerous and highly odoriferous.
Nealchornea yapurensis Huber - E Colombia, Peru, Ecuador, Amazonas State
Typhonium praetermissum A.Hay - Northern Territory of Australia
Ranunculus asiaticus is a species of buttercup native to the eastern Mediterranean region in southwestern Asia, southeastern Europe, and northeastern Africa.
Acantholimon is a genus of small flowering plants within the plumbago or leadwort family, Plumbaginaceae.
The genus name is the Latinized form of the Greek name for these plants, aron.
The specific epithet glabrata is derived from the Latin word glaber, meaning "hairless", and refers to the mostly glabrous nature of this species.
This revision has been generally accepted in Australia.
It is not in any danger of extinction, but is yet very rare.
Known until recently as Dryandra viscida, it is thought to be rare but not threatened.
It is sometimes placed in the families Scrophulariaceae or Veronicaceae.
The APG III system agrees with the older Cronquist circumscriptions of treating Psiloxylaceae and Heteropyxidaceae within Myrtaceae, and Memecyclaceae within Melastomataceae.
The flowers also serve as a food source for southwestern butterflies.
The largest tribe in the family, called Bignonieae, consists mostly of lianas and is noted for its unique wood anatomy.
A. albicarpa grows both as an epiphyte and as a terrestrial plant.
It is a low-growing, spreading subshrub reaching 10–25 cm tall, with evergreen needle-like leaves 4–8 millimetres long, borne in whorls of four.
Winged bean is widely recognised by farmers and consumers in southern Asia for its variety of uses and disease resistance.
Protea neriifolia, also known as oleanderleaf protea, is a flowering plant that is endemic to South Africa.
The genus name Spiranthes is derived from the Greek speira and anthos, and was inspired by the spirally arranged inflorescence.
Meliaceae, or the mahogany family, is a flowering plant family of mostly trees and shrubs in the order Sapindales.
Its common names include Mount Diablo helianthella, Mount Diablo sunflower, and Diablo rockrose.
Psilopeganum is a genus of flowering plants of the family Rutaceae.
The fruit is eaten by wildlife, helping disperse the seeds.
They have compound leaves and three-celled pistils.
- Cameroon, Central African Republic, Gabon, Cabinda, Congo-Brazzaville, Zaire, Angola
Lennea viridiflora is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
The stems grow slowly and often tightly together, reaching 1–2 m or more tall.
However domestic cultivars can grow in almost any temperate climate.
It can be found in purple moor grass and rush pastures.
They have slender roots and thin stems that are upright or ascending.
The flowers are produced in panicles or corymbs; they are white in most species, sometimes pink or reddish.
The plant can be identified by its white or purple colored flowers that resembles cat whiskers.
Euphorbia virosa, the Gifboom or poison tree, is a plant of the spurge family Euphorbiaceae.
It is most likely that in Israel and Lebanon it has turned wild.
Paracroton is a genus of flowering plants in the Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1859.
Combretum edwardsii, the Natal combretum or forest climbing bushwillow, is an uncommon forest plant, endemic to the mistbelt region of eastern South Africa.
The pulp is white tinged yellow, edible and sweetly aromatic.
It is in the Inuleae tribe of the Sunflower family.
Nepenthes macfarlanei is a carnivorous pitcher plant species endemic to Peninsular Malaysia.
The plants are related to the citrus family, and have oil glands in the leaves which give off a distinctive aroma.
Asciadium coronopifolium is a species of flowering plant in the Apiaceae, the only member of the genus Asciadium.
It has spread throughout southern Europe both as a weed and cultivated as a garden plant.
The plant family Proteaceae was named after the shape-shifting god Proteus of Greek Mythology.
Smoking dried eschweilera compressa leaves leads to a euphoric state similar to that of a marijuana high.
Paphinia litensis is a species of orchid endemic to Ecuador.
Both varieties have been granted the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.
It has also been proposed that these large flowers could work as thermal regulators, much like the large ears of a Fennec fox.
As the marsh accretes, S. alterniflora moves still further out to form a new edge.
Talinum fruticosum is an herbaceous perennial plant that is native to Mexico, the Caribbean, West Africa, Central America, and much of South America.
Lepechinia rossii S.Boyd & Mistretta – Ross' pitcher sage - southern California
They are generally herbs, covered with bristly hairs.
The species has been reported from the United States, Canada, Russia, China, Japan, Korea, India, Nepal, Kashmir, Greenland, Pakistan, and almost every country in Europe.
Stylidium schizanthum is a dicotyledonous plant that belongs to the genus Stylidium that was described by Ferdinand von Mueller in 1859.
For a long time it was synonymised with Arctic Mouse-ear Cerastium arcticum but it is now widely regarded as a separate species.
Byrsonima crassifolia is a species of flowering plant in the acerola family, Malpighiaceae, that is native to tropical America.
The Sarraceniaceae are a family of pitcher plants, belonging to order Ericales.
Pinguicula moranensis  is a perennial rosette-forming insectivorous herb native to Mexico and Guatemala.
Delonix velutina is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
In Kerala, this is called 'plasu' and 'chamata'.
Hedeoma todsenii R.S.Irving – Todsen's false pennyroyal - New Mexico
This remarkable fruit and seed develop from an orange flower with five incurved petals.
Some of the species are native to eastern North America from southeastern Canada through the Eastern United States to Mexico and Central America.
Bouteloua eriopoda, commonly known as black grama, is a perennial prairie grass that is native to the Southwestern United States.
The plant has white or cream flowers which occur from late winter to mid spring.
Bambusa mohanramii P.Kumari & P.Singh - Meghalaya
It is a hairy annual or perennial herb growing 10 to 50 centimeters tall with a slender, sometimes branching, erect stem.
They often thrive in arid soil and are resistant to drought, on occasion developing extremely deep root systems.
Pennisetum  is a widespread genus of plants in the grass family, native to tropical and warm temperate regions of the world.
Senegalia laeta, the gay acacia or daga, is a legume found in the family Fabaceae.
It is a deciduous shrub growing to a height of 2–4 m. The leaves are elliptic-acute, 6–12 cm long, with a finely hairy margin.
It is also known as lemon-scented gum, blue spotted gum, lemon eucalyptus and eucalyptus citriodora.
On October 18, 2008, Daily Prothom Alo reported that the plant is about to bloom.
Hence, it can be used to do alkali-acid litmus tests.
Helminthotheca is closely related to the genus Picris, both within the Hypochaeridinae subtribe.
There are 13 known species within this genus of wildflowers, most of which are limited to serpentine soil habitats within California, United States.
The species is also cultivated in Southern California as a shade tree.
Found in sandy soils in the south coastal region of Western Australia in the vicinity of Lake King, it is non-lignotuberous, regenerating by seed after bushfire.
- Eurasia + North Africa from Iceland + Azores to Kashmir + Yakutia; naturalized in East Asia, Australia, North + South America, various islands
All are found in the New World, with a center of diversity in the Mexican highlands.
The genus comprises annual and perennial herbaceous plants, growing to 2 m tall.
It has eliptical to broadly ovate or orbicular leaves about 1 cm long, that are somewhat folded upwards along the midrib.
Waitzia is a genus of Australian plants in the everlasting-daisies within the sunflower family.
It is used as the foodplant for the pearl-bordered fritillary and the small pearl-bordered fritillary.
The spiciness of black pepper is due to the chemical piperine, not to be confused with the capsaicin characteristic of chili peppers.
The flowers are borne in an umbel.
As is common to many members of the onion tribe, when their leaves are bruised they produce a distinct garlic smell, hence its common name.
The name candelabra primula or candelabra primrose refers to species of Primula section Proliferae.
Tulipa turkestanica is a species of tulip native to central Asia.
Harrimanella is a genus of flowering plant in the heath family Ericaceae, with a single species, Harrimanella hypnoides, also known as moss bell heather.
It comprises between 15 and 25 species.
Platymiscium is a genus of legume in the Fabaceae family, and was recently assigned to the informal monophyletic Pterocarpus clade within the Dalbergieae.
Gyranthera is a genus of tropical trees of South America and Central America, belonging to family Malvaceae.
Copernicia gigas Ekman ex Burret - Cuba
Palafoxia sphacelata Cory : Showy Palafox, Sand Palafox, Rotting Palafox - Chihuahua, Veracruz, TX NM OK KS NE CO
Root extracts have been found to contain substances with anti-inflammatory effects in mice.
They flourish in the shade, and will not do well if overwatered.
The flowers are 7–10 mm in diameter, with five very pale pink petals and pale yellowish stamens, produced in corymbs in the spring.
Gomphrena pohlii is a plant native to Cerrado vegetation in Brazil, specially in São Paulo.
As an ornamental plant it is a spring-blooming favourite, often seen cascading over rocks and walls, or used as groundcover.
The greatest diversity of Dipterocarpaceae occurs in Borneo.
It is also known as adder's tongue, dog's-tooth violet, serpent's tongue, trout lily, deer tongue, and yellow snowdrop.
The yacón, in contrast, is a close relative of the sunflower and Jerusalem artichoke.
Prosopis is a genus of flowering plants in the pea family, Fabaceae.
The leaves are oval and glossy green and measure from 4 to 19.3 cm long and 1.25 to 13.2 cm wide.
The tree has been naturalized in parts of Africa, India, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka and Indonesia.
The members of the family are shrubs, woody epiphytes, and lianas, with alternate, pinnately nerved leaves.
However, the seed hulls appear to contain silica fibers, which are linked to esophageal cancer.
Star of Persia is a member of the onion subfamily within the amaryllis family.
Amburana acreana is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
The grapefruit is a subtropical citrus tree known for its sour to semi-sweet somewhat bitter fruit .
It is of the family Rosaceae and the genus Prunus.
It was last seen when it was collected by Banks and Solander in 1771 on Cook's first voyage.
Pedunculagin, casuarictin, strictinin, casuarinin and casuariin are ellagitannins found in the species within the genus.
The large coconut-sized fruit, weighs about 3 kg, is round or pear-shaped some 10–15 cm in diameter, and greyish-brown in colour.
The flowers are white, or pale pink with five darker stripes, produced from late spring to the end of summer.
It has been classified as "Endangered" under the EPBC Act.
It is found in Honduras and Nicaragua.
The tree is occasionally considered a nuisance as it readily invades old fields, forest clearings, and rangelands, proving particularly difficult to eradicate with herbicides.
It is common and widespread in a range stretching from Texas and Florida north to Minnesota, Ontario and Massachusetts.
Common names for plants in this genus include Blue Cohosh, Squaw Root, and Papoose Root.
It is not a grass, but belongs to the trillium family, Melanthiaceae.
This plant has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.
& Y.W.Yuan - Guatemala, Nicaragua, Costa Rica, Panama, Colombia, Venezuela, Ecuador
Attempts at weed control by herbicidal use, to the neglect of other methods, may have led to a proliferation of this species in some environments.
The flowers are borne in racemes 2–30 cm long, each flower small, greenish, with five small petals.
Both of these names have incorrectly been listed as synonyms over history, and these species have been confused regularly despite the visual differences.
Rhanterium epapposum is a plant of the Asteraceae family.
In Hong Kong, it is a protected species under Forestry Regulations Cap.
It is native to eastern North America from the extreme south of Ontario to central Georgia, and west to Missouri and Arkansas.
The Noongar peoples know the plant as Budjan or Butyak.
In North America, it has been documented as introduced in California, Alabama, Iowa, and Washington, DC, and grows wild in other parts of the continent.
Small buds appear along the trunk and roots of the host, which after 9 months open the giant flowers.
One of many species of manzanita, Arctostaphylos manzanita has the common names Common manzanita and Whiteleaf manzanita.
Arabidopsis is a genus in the family Brassicaceae.
Distenganthus has three known species, native to northeastern South America.
Corylus colurna is a deciduous tree native to southeast Europe and southwest Asia, from the Balkans through northern Turkey to northern Iran.
It is a shrub growing to 4 m tall, often very spiny.
& Drude - Bangalow Palm, Piccabeen Palm
It is native to the southeastern Edwards Plateau in Texas.
The leaves are mimosa-like, up to 30 cm in length and they fold up at night.
Some botanists treat the subgenus as a distinct genus Padus.
It was first described, as Chondrosum eriopodum, in 1848 from specimens collected along and nearby the "Del Norte" river in New Mexico.
Hooked spines up to five millimetres long also occur in the axils of leaves and stems.
Its leaves are broad, shiny and elliptical, with a large pair at the base, and much smaller, more lanceolate leaves up the stem.
Many species, though by no means all, are known as gum trees because they exude copious kino from any break in the bark.
The common name for some species is "lipstick plant", which comes from the appearance of the developing buds.
The foliage leaf blades are long and thin, 1.3–16.4 cm long and 2–7 mm wide.
Its long straight limbs are resistant to termites, and so are locally used for fence posts.
There are two large opposite basal leaves,
It is known by several common names within South America: ceibo, seíbo, corticeira and the more ambiguous bucaré, to name a few.
It is now beginning to become accepted  that Grevillea is paraphyletic with respect to Hakea.
Because western salsify is a widespread plant, it has a large number of alternative common names.
The alternately arranged lanceolate leaves are dark grey-green and broader than other ironbarks, measuring 12–18 cm long and 2.5–5 cm wide.
It is found in Cameroon and Nigeria.
Sarcococca is a genus of 16–20 species of flowering plants in the box family Buxaceae, native to eastern and southeastern Asia and the Himalayas.
Its genus is distributed in southern China, the Himalayas, Indochina, Indonesia, Malaysia and the Philippines.
The species are native to eastern Asia and southeast North America, some reaching a height of 20–45 cm, with only weakly woody stems.
This has led to their being very useful as natural dyes.
The genus is widespread across Florida, Mexico, Central America, the West Indies, and South America as far south as Argentina.
Well-known and popular, the tree and its flower are the national plants of Brazil.
Typhonium trilobatum Schott - southern China, Indian Subcontinent, Indochina; naturalized in Windward Islands, Ivory Coast, Borneo, Philippines
The sweet, aromatic fruit is used as a spice-fruit in cooking, being included in beverages, jams and desserts.
Senegalia gaumeri is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
They are found in New Caledonia, Australia and New Zealand.
The seeds are coated with a sticky resinous substance.
Some of the species contain silica in their bodies for rigidity and so the mesophyll often has sclerenchymatous idioblasts.
It has soft hairy new growth that becomes hairless with age.
They are cultivated and planted for both timber and as street trees.
It prefers grassy places and dry soils, avoiding heavy soils, and flowers between July and September.
Until recently, the composition of the order and its division into families varied greatly from one author to another.
Baptisia alba, commonly called white wild indigo or white false indigo, is a herbaceous plant in the bean family Fabaceae.
It is a vigorous climbing annual vine.
The tree blossoms in September and October, and gives fruit from November to March.
The nectar contains not only sugars, but also the alkaloid coniine, which probably intoxicates the prey.
Tecoma stans is the official flower of the United States Virgin Islands and the floral emblem of the Bahamas.
Most are epiphytes, but some are terrestrials with glossy, strap-like, plicate leaves, which are apical, oblong or elliptic-lanceolate, acute or acuminate.
& Thomson was described from Nepal, and is sometimes restricted to the plants occurring in the Himalaya, with Chinese plants distinguished as Decaisnea fargesii Franchet.
The Euphorbioideae are a subfamily within the family Euphorbiaceae.
It is one of two accepted species in the genus Myrrhis.
Lathyrus nissolia or grass vetchling is a plant species of the genus Lathyrus.
This plant has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.
Codon was long regarded as an unusual member of Hydrophyllaceae, but in 1998, a molecular phylogenetic study showed that it is closer to Boraginaceae.
Mangifera caesia is a species of flowering plant in the cashew family, Anacardiaceae.
It is the second-most widely planted species of millet, and the most important in East Asia.
Pseudophoenix vinifera is a palm species endemic to Hispaniola.
Hickelia is a genus of African bamboo in the grass family.
The flowers appear in the fall and show ray florets that are a violet-purple and yellow disc florets.
It is among the most commonly cultivated bromeliad types, with cultivars producing flowers in shades of maroon, red, orange, yellow or pink.
Geum rivale, the water avens, is a flowering plant of the family Rosaceae.
Recent classification systems of the genus recognize ten to thirteen species in two distinct subgenera, Engleriana and Fagus.
The genus was also named Blatti by James Edward Smith, but Sonneratia had botanical nomenclature priority.
The genus name commemorates the 18th-century German-Swedish herbal doctor Johan Andreas Murray, a student of Linnaeus.
In North America and Europe the species is very successful and has been classified as an invasive species in several countries.
Nepenthes × tsangoya is a tropical pitcher plant.
It is dioecious, but can also reproduce without fertilisation.
Coccothrinax is a genus of palms in the Arecaceae family.
The genus is distributed in paleotropical areas: Madagascar through South and Southeast Asia, Malesia to Melanesia, Hawaiʻi, and Australia.
Glebionis segetum is a herbaceous perennial plant growing to 80 cm tall, with spirally arranged, deeply lobed leaves 5–20 cm long.
Monardella stebbinsii Hardham & Bartel - Plumas County in northern California
The horticultural abbreviation for this genus is Mcr.
It should not to be confused with the much smaller true black lentil.
The environment also has a strong influence on the morphology of an individual plant.
It contains about 140 species that are native to tropical and subtropical regions of the Americas.
Kingdon-Ward gave it the temporary name "Joseph's Sikkimensis" after Joseph's coat of many colours.
The leaves are alternate, tripinnate, only coarsely toothed, unlike the ferny, lacy leaves found in many other members of the family Apiaceae.
P. tarminina belongs to the Tacsonia subgenus of Passiflora.
It was officially recognized as a national "rare flower" in Presidential Decree No.
Geohintonia mexicana is a species of cacti, the only species in the genus Geohintonia.
Rhododendron ferrugineum is an evergreen shrub that grows just above the tree line in the Alps, Pyrenees, Jura and northern Apennines, on acid soils.
It generally grows as a small shrub to 1.5 m high with fine narrow leaves, and is best known for its unusually coloured dark purple-violet inflorescences.
and has persistent, fibrous or flaky bark which is a grey to grey-black colour.
The fruit is subglobose, 5–8 mm diameter.
The largest genera are Capparis, Maerua, Boscia and Cadaba.
In the Americas, Eriocaulon is the only genus in its family that occurs north of Florida.
Stachys officinalis is commonly known as common hedgenettle, betony, purple betony, wood betony, bishopwort, or bishop's wort.
Securinega is a genus of plants in the family Phyllanthaceae, first described as a genus in 1789.
One orchid species may attract only one or a few species of bees from dozens of species in the habitat.
They are winged, which is also extraordinary for an orchid.
The family consists of only one genus, Degeneria, which was named after Otto Degener, who first found D. vitiensis in 1942.
One of the varieties still in use today is 14 x L8, the second most popular burley tobacco variety in the U.S..
The leaves are often confused with betel, but they lack the intense taste of the betel leaves and are significantly smaller.
It is non-toxic, and has been used traditionally in folk medicine as a remedy against abdominal and respiratory diseases.
Those that were once separated in Boisduvalia are called spike-primroses or boisduvalias.
P. sativum is an annual plant, with a life cycle of one year.
The plant is small, growing to 30–40 cm tall by 15 cm wide, with blue-green foliage and tiny white or off-white flowers in Spring and Summer.
Some species of Andrachne, Antidesma, Margaritaria, and Phyllanthus are in cultivation.
Some species are cultivated in gardens for their showy flowers.
The genus is named after the royal French gardeners Jean Robin and his son Vespasien Robin, who introduced the plant to Europe in 1601.
It is a deciduous small tree or large shrub growing to 5–10 m in height, with smooth grey bark.
According to the Angiosperm Phylogeny Group both families are unplaced to order, but nevertheless included in the Eurosids I.
see Acidosasa Fargesia Gelidocalamus Indocalamus Oligostachyum Pleioblastus Sasa] Sasaella Sasamorpha Sinobambusa Yushania
Epiphyllum anguliger, commonly known as the fishbone cactus or zig zag cactus, is a cactus species native to Mexico.
Chrysopsis, are plants in the sunflower family native to the southern and eastern United States.
Liquorice extracts have a number of medical uses, and they are also used in herbal and folk medications.
Vinca is a genus of flowering plants in the family Apocynaceae, native to Europe, northwest Africa and southwest Asia.
Alstroemeria psittacina, with the common names Peruvian lily, parrot flower, parrot lily, lily of the Incas, and princess lily.
Growing wild, they are regarded as invasive species in many regions.
Eschweilera tetrapetala is a species of woody plant in the Lecythidaceae family.
This species is variable, and tends to hang its flower below the leaves in northern areas.
Lamium is a genus of about 40–50 species of flowering plants in the family Lamiaceae, of which it is the type genus.
Lagochilus hindukushi Kamelin & Gubanov - Afghanistan
The historical range covered an area of approximately 17.7 by 4.8 kilometers, extending southsoutheasterly from Leavenworth, Washington, to the area now known as Camas Meadows.
More than other Canna species, C. discolor is used extensively in agriculture in Asia.
Gentiana pneumonanthe is a species of the genus Gentiana.
The leaves are opposite, 2–7 cm long and 1–3 cm broad, rarely larger, with an entire margin and a 2–8 mm petiole.
The genus is characterized by palmately lobed leaves, pedicels lacking articulations, at least six petals per flower, and at least six locules per ovary.
The flowers are small, white or pink, with a five-lobed tubular corolla which is produced in mid-spring.
Unlike most other orchids, sun orchids lack a highly modified labellum and all three petals are similar in size, shape and colour.
Bladderworts are unusual and highly specialized plants, and the vegetative organs are not clearly separated into roots, leaves, and stems as in most other angiosperms.
It is used over an average course of six weeks to treat hemorrhoids, chronic constipation and infections of the anus.
They are found in western China, Myanmar, northeast India, Bhutan, and Nepal.
Sageretia laxiflora is a 10m tall shrub.
It is native to most of North America throughout the United States and Canada, including northern areas.
Members are also known as sea-lavender, statice, caspia or marsh-rosemary.
The flat, tough-textured leaves are usually hairless, with blades 2–6 millimetres wide.
At the base of the 3–10 cm feathery leaves there are two straight, light grey thorns, growing to 7–20 cm long.
Argemone is a genus of flowering plants in the family Papaveraceae commonly known as prickly poppies.
It is a mangrove tree, growing to 12–18 metres tall.
It is commonly grown in gardens, and thrives best in a mixture of loam and peat.
The series was first classified by Diels in Die Natürlichen Pflanzenfamilien in 1930.
Siparunaceae is a family of flowering plants in the magnoliid order Laurales.
Eschweilera atropetiolata is a species of woody plant in the Lecythidaceae family.
Alhagi species are used as food plants by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species including Coleophora argyrella which feeds exclusively on A. maurorum.
Acer cappadocicum is a maple native to Asia, from central Turkey east along the Caucasus, the Himalaya, to southwestern China.
Epithelantha is a genus of cactus that is native to northeastern Mexico, and in an area from western Texas to Arizona.
They are pubescent on both sides when young, but in a later stage they become glabrous.
Flowers are white and appear in Mid winter to early spring.
It is a member of the lily family, or Liliaceae.
It is a member of the mint family Lamiaceae and native to the Mediterranean region, though it has naturalized in many places throughout the world.
The leaves are alternate, 15–40 cm long, pinnate, with 14-30 leaflets, the terminal leaflet often absent.
This plant is probably the best known species in this genus, and it is often grown as a houseplant in temperate areas.
Modern classifications place them in the order Malpighiales.
Its range stretches from the United Kingdom to Morocco to Lebanon to Ukraine.
Originally described by the early American explorer, William Bartram, when he found these plants blooming near the rivers of coastal Georgia.
Trachelospermum jasminoides is a species of flowering plant in the family Apocynaceae, native to eastern and southeastern Asia.
Its beauty has inspired many artists and intellectuals.
nivalis, sometimes referred to as P. nivalis or P. hyperboreus.
It contains only one known species, Hohenbergiopsis guatemalensis, native to Oaxaca, Chiapas, and Guatemala.
The flowers are pink, red, mauve, lilac, or white, and 2.5–5 cm diameter; they are pollinated by bees and other insects, and also by nectar-feeding birds.
Stellaria holostea, the addersmeat or greater stitchwort, is a perennial herbaceous flowering plant in the carnation family Caryophyllaceae.
It is found from the Oshima Peninsula in Hokkaidō south to the Ōsumi Peninsula in Kyūshū.
In frost-prone areas, C. canariensis is best grown under glass in the winter.
It can be found in sagebrush and shadscale habitat, and it grows well in areas with cold winters.
They are covered with greyish or whitish hairs, especially on the underside, and the edges are rolled under.
They are annual or perennial herbaceous plants growing to 0.8-2 m tall.
Passiflora edulis is a vine species of passion flower that is native to southern Brazil through Paraguay to northern Argentina.
It is native throughout the cooler regions of the Northern Hemisphere in Europe, northern Asia, and northern North America.
It is native to the eastern United States and to central and eastern Canada.
The most widely cultivated species is Moringa oleifera, a multipurpose tree native to the foothills of the Himalayas in northwestern India and cultivated throughout the tropics.
Because of its thinly scattered distribution and low genetic variability, it is of conservation concern.
Coleophora biforis and C. otidipennella feed exclusively on Luzula.
It is native to eastern Asia, from China west to Nepal and south to Myanmar.
Often the same flower can have petals of several different colours.
S. griseus fruits, locally known as iguaraya, are relished by the Wayuu from the La Guajira Peninsula of Colombia.
Growing to 3 m or more, it is an evergreen climber with waxy triangular leaves to 8 cm long.
They occur in and the McPherson Range and nearby areas of rainforest along creeks and gullies.
The species became extinct in 1860 in its native habit, but the plant was known to have been cultivated.
Corymbia maculata, commonly known as spotted gum, is an endemic Australian tree.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Oreocereus is a genus of cacti, known only from high altitudes of the Andes.
Acacia pycnantha, commonly known as the golden wattle, is a tree of the family Fabaceae native to southeastern Australia.
It is known by a number of common names, including common meadow violet, purple violet, the lesbian flower, woolly blue violet, hooded violet, and wood violet.
Anredera is a genus of plants native to Latin America, the West Indies, Texas, and Florida.
It is also steeped in water which is then used for bathing and for washing livestock.
Khat contains the alkaloid cathinone, an amphetamine-like stimulant, which is said to cause excitement, loss of appetite, and euphoria.
A number of species are grown as ornamentals, but growing them is difficult outside their native subarctic and alpine climates.
For similar reasons, the leaves are sometimes used as a laxative or purgant.
This perennial herb is variable in morphology, but usually forms a tight mat or loose clump on the ground.
Khaya is a genus of seven species of trees in the mahogany family Meliaceae, native to tropical Africa and Madagascar.
Alnus cordata has gained The Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.
Calystegia sepium – Large Bindweed, Hedge Bindweed, Bearbind, Hedgebell
The fruit is a 4–5-lobed capsule, containing numerous seeds.
The leaves are oval-acute, 2–3.5 centimetres long and 1–1.5 centimetres broad, shiny green above, pubescent below with dense whitish to yellowish hairs.
The species is not threatened, but is protected under state legislation.
They are valued as ornamental plants and a pollen source, and some species have culinary and/or medical value.
It thrives well under a hot to moderately warm and humid climate.
The edible seeds are known locally as butterpips.
It is also called "dwarf horse chestnut" in recognition of its resemblance to its more famous relative horsechestnut.
The genus differs from other Goodeniaceae in the structure of the stigma and the fertilization mechanism.
This plant produces edible tubers that were heavily collected by the Native Americans as a food source.
The genus was formerly known as Echinella Pridgeon & M.W.Chase, but as this latter also refers to an algae genus, it has been changed to Echinosepala.
The English name "water trumpet" refers to their inflorescence, a spadix enclosed by a spathe, which resembles a trumpet.
The leaves resemble bilberry leaves in shape, hence the name in the Finnish and Swedish languages, which translates as "bog bilberry willow".
Gymnocalycium, commonly called chin cactus, is a genus of about 70 South American species of cactus.
"Chicory" is also the common name in the United States for curly endive; these two closely related species are often confused.
The resistance form N. longiflora imparts near immunity to race 0 black shank, but no resistance to race 1.
The rowans or mountain-ashes are shrubs or trees in the genus Sorbus of the rose family Rosaceae.
Many, but not all, individuals are polyploid.
There are currently about 12 recognised species including:
Two other genera, Octomeles and Tetrameles, are now classified in the family Tetramelaceae.
After leaf-shedding, buds sprout and develop into flowers.
Estimates differ as to when the Comminales evolved, but most suggest an origin and diversification sometime during the mid- to late Cretaceous.
The species was introduced into cultivation in 1902, where it survives as a single clone reproduced by vegetative propagation.
Most accidental poisoning is by breathing in the powder or by absorption through the skin.
It tolerates floods well, and has been replanted in Africa, where it has helped to control erosion and provides hay for animals.
In traditional Indian medicine it is used as 'Rasayan' or adaptogen.
The genus is named in honour of Joseph Hugues Boissieu La Martinière, a botanist on La Pérouse's expedition to Australia.
A related species, the dwarf ebony is now completely extinct.
It is a tree found only in Sulawesi in Indonesia.
Inga herrerae is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
Some Calamagrostis can be very decorative; for example, in North America, Britain and Europe, a hybrid cultivar of Calamagrostis is widely grown as an ornamental grass.
It is indigenous to the Samoa Islands where it is known as the pua-lulu and occurs from New Caledonia to eastern Polynesia.
Populations in the eastern United States are probably naturalized.
Fuscospora gunnii, the tanglefoot- or deciduous beech, or fagus, is a deciduous shrub endemic to the highlands of Tasmania, Australia.
In Bermuda it has been known as crab grass.
Epacris impressa, also known as common heath, is a plant of the heath family, Ericaceae, that is native to southeast Australia.
Zygophyllum fabago is a species of plant known by the common name Syrian bean-caper.
Calotropis gigantea is a species of Calotropis native to Cambodia, Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines, Thailand, Sri Lanka, India, China, Pakistan, Nepal, and tropical Africa.
The aerial roots seem like fine hairs.
canadensis - northeastern USA, eastern + central Canada including Labrador
The mycorrhiza helps the orchid absorb and assimilate nutrients.
Cucumis humifructus, the aardvark cucumber or aardvark pumpkin, is a kind of cucumber from southern Africa, tropical Africa, and Madagascar which fruits underground.
It has a circumpolar distribution, occurring throughout the upper latitudes of the Northern Hemisphere.
The plant is a large, deciduous shrub that grows a maximum of 6 m tall with stems of a maximum of 10 cm in diameter.
Upright, to 40 cm; softly hairy, with hairs at more-or-less right-angles to the stem.
The name luffa was taken by European botanists in the 17th century from the Egyptian Arabic name لوف lūf.
It also has a shallow root system that facilitates soil erosion.
Himantandraceae is a family of flowering plants recognized by the APG II system of 2003, assigned to the order Magnoliales in the clade magnoliids.
Kalmias are popular garden shrubs, grown for their decorative flowers.
Cladium mariscus is frequently encountered in English fens.
There are two varieties, which may not be fully distinct:
It is called natsutsubaki(ナツツバキ, "summer camellia") in Japanese, and nogaknamu(노각나무, "overripe cucumber tree") in Korean.
Other species with large tubers are Sinningia iarae, Sinningia lineata, and Sinningia macropoda.
The fruits have been studied in considerable detail.
B. sceptrum is one of the most striking yellow-flowered banksias of all.
Solanum centrale was first described by J.M.
Rhipsalis is one is part of the tribe Rhipsalideae within the subfamily Cactoideae of the Cactaceae.
In Vietnam, it is called khoai từ or củ từ.
The hairless leaves are alternate, 3 to 6 inches long, divided into 3-5 pointed lobes and have serrate or crenate edges.
Ochna thomasiana is probably the most commonly planted, but it is often misidentified in the horticultural literature.
Each individual flower has five minute pedals and ten stamens.
It bears solitary white flowers, on stems up to 3 cm tall.
A 2011 experiment has shown that adding dead insects to these cups increases the seedset of teasels, implying partial carnivory.
It is the only species in the monotypic genus Gilmania.
It grows up to 30 m tall, and has distinctive flattened seed pods.
It is commonly confused with the Canada plum, although the fruit is smaller and rounder and bright red as opposed to yellow.
Its common names are axlewood, bakli, dhau, dhawa, dhawra, or dhaora, takhian-nu, and raam.
The tree grows wild but has been cultivated for its fruit and wood since prehistoric times by Native Americans.
Cassia aldabrensis is a species of legume in the subfamily Caesalpinioideae endemic to Assumption and Aldabra near the Seychelles.
Its name derives from the fact it is usually the first one to flower in the spring.
It is naturalized in Tasmania, New Zealand, Canada, and the northern half of the United States.
Iris albicans is included in the Tasmanian Fire Service's list of low flammability plants, indicating that it is suitable for growing within a building protection zone.
The stems may be decumbent or erect, 10–40 cm in length, with narrow cauline leaves that may drop off before the flower develops.
Vaughan is a city in Ontario, Canada.
The entire genus is endemic to tropical west-central Africa.
Miqueliopuntia miqueli is native to the Chilean coasts of South America.
colubrina is a tree native to Argentina and Brazil.
Acorus is a genus of monocot flowering plants.
Couratari longipedicellata is a species of woody plant in the Lecythidaceae family.
It produces arrays of numerous small yellow flower heads at the top of the stem.
The flowers are pink to pale purple, with four broad petals 1.5–6 cm long.
Cryptocentrum latifolium is a member of the Orchid family, the largest species in genus Cryptocentrum.
Kenaf [etymology: Persian], Hibiscus cannabinus, is a plant in the Malvaceae family also called Deccan hemp and Java jute.
Crotonogynopsis usambarica Pax - Cameroon, Zaïre, Uganda, Tanzania, Mozambique
It grows only in very wet years, which rarely occur in the region.
American dwarf birch is a multi-stemmed shrub typically growing to 1–3 m tall, often forming dense thickets.
Flowers are hermaphroditic and actinomorphic; the calyx has 5 sepals united at the base, accompanied frequently by an epicalyx.
This plant species provides food for caribou, Arctic hares, greater snow geese, and grizzly bears.
†Bambusa lugdunensis Saporta - Neogene deposits of Europe
Pogostemon stellatus is an aquatic perennial herb from eastern and southeastern Asia, the Indian Subcontinent, New Guinea, and northern Australia.
The Gomphrenoideae are a subfamily of the Amaranthaceae.
The species' wide distribution and consequent genetic drift has led to an extensive synonymy.
The species is also notable for having a very prominent indumentum.
Banksia anatona, commonly known as the cactus dryandra, is a flowering plant in the family, Proteaceae and is endemic to Western Australia.
Heliotropium pannifolium, the Saint Helena heliotrope, is now extinct but was formerly a hairy-leaved small shrub up to 1 m in height.
sublanceolata occurs the subtropical rainforest of northeastern New South Wales, and south eastern Queensland in Australia.
Myrcia is a genus of the flowering plant family Myrtaceae described as a genus with this name in 1827.
Prunella vulgaris is an herbaceous plant in the genus Prunella.
Phylloxylon spinosa is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
Amaranthus, collectively known as amaranth, is a cosmopolitan genus of annual or short-lived perennial plants.
It is a small, prostrate annual plant, the stems growing to 10-20 cm long, typically with four stems from the base.
Tipuana tipu, also known as tipa, rosewood and pride of Bolivia, is a South American tree.
Fossil flowers have been collected from the Upper Cretaceous of Mexico and the Paleocene of Argentina.
The seeds are flat, oval and brown.
The light yellow flowers attract bees, which produce from them a sought-after white honey.
The flowers are unisexual, with male and female flowers on different plants or on the same plant.
simplex – inflorescences with a short stem
Australia is covered by 92,000,000 hectares of eucalypt forest, comprising three quarters of the area covered by native forest.
adstringens is difficult to tell apart from Vachellia karoo without seeing the seed pods.
They are flowering herbaceous plants, subshrubs, or small shrubs growing to 0.3–1 m tall.
- Puerto Rico, Lesser Antilles, Trinidad, French Guiana, Ecuador, northern Brazil
This species is very valuable to bees.
Oxypetalum coeruleum is a species of flowering plant, native to South America from southern Brazil to Uruguay.
The tree has also been introduced to Florida.
Dissanthelium californicum is a rare species of grass.
Euthamia is a genus of flowering plants in the aster family, Asteraceae.
Rafinesquia neomexicana A.Gray - Baja California, Sonora, USA
Pachypodium geayi is a species of Pachypodium that originated from Southwest Madagascar.
Its leaves are used in many dishes in India, Sri Lanka, and neighbouring countries.
It grows on a high altitude in the mountains.
The purple cultivar 'Zwartkop' has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.
It is popular in Japan, where its juice is used to improve the taste of many dishes, especially cooked fish, sashimi, and hot pot dishes.
The orchid genus Dracula, abbreviated as Drac in horticultural trade, consists of 118 species native to Mexico, Central America, Colombia, Ecuador and Peru.
The species is native to the Gulf Coast of the Southeastern United States, and has been found from Mississippi to Georgia.
Asclepias incarnata is a herbaceous perennial plant species native to North America.
The flowers can be picked for food.
The latter name is ambiguous and not used.
The generic name honours Carl Peter Thunberg.
It begins flowering a little earlier than G. urbanum, so early pollinations will be within the gene-pool of the single species.
The fruit is similar in sweetness to the sugar-apple but has a very different taste.
Herbarium specimens informally named N. junghuhnii by Macfarlane were collected by Junghuhn in the Batak region of North Sumatra, near Lake Toba.
Sclerolobium pilgerianum is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
It is a herbaceous perennial plant growing 20-70 cm tall, green in spring and summer, and turning light brown in autumn and winter.
The coumarin phenylpropanoids umbelliferone and scopoletin have been isolated from the roots of Scopolia japonica.
A. thaliana is considered a weed; it is found by roadsides and in disturbed land.
The species was formally described in 1853 by German botanist Otto Wilhelm Sonder based on plant material collected from the Mount Lofty Ranges.
Banksia cynaroides is a shrub endemic to Western Australia.
S. cordifolium is most closely related to S. javanicum, which has smaller leaves, sepals, capsules, and seeds.
In parts of India, it is known as Kher or Khor.
The wood, which varies from yellowish to rosy reds and rich browns, is valued for woodworking, and makes good charcoal and fuel wood.
Senna artemisioides is a flowering plant in the family Fabaceae.
The related species Mentha canadensis is also included in Mentha arvensis by some authors as two varieties, M. arvensis var.
Numerous names have been proposed at the levels of subspecies and varieties.
While not reported in northern Baja California, it has been predicted on the basis of its climatic adaptation to occur there also.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Because of this polymorphism, A. anthora is included in the Aconitum vulparia group.
This plant is cited in Flora Brasiliensis by Carl Friedrich Philipp von Martius.
It can easily be propagated by cuttings, or by division of the roots.
It is found in Oman and Yemen.
By far the highest species diversity is in Australia.
Trichopus zeylanicus is a small herbaceous plant, which is one of only two species of its genus, Trichopus.
It is classified as Critically Endangered by the International Union for Conservation of Nature.
The generic name is derived from the Greek word άκανθα, meaning spine, and the Latin word cereus, meaning candle.
It is known in Nigeria as obeche, in Ghana as wawa, in Cameroon as ayous, and in Ivory Coast as samba.
Bombax is a genus of mainly tropical trees in the mallow family.
The species are trees and shrubs growing to 2–30 m tall.
Granivorous birds often eat paspalum seeds; the chestnut-breasted munia readily feeds on the seeds of P. longifolium, for example.
The flowers are five-sided and pale yellow; the yellow-orange fruits are born inside a balloon-like calyx.
The flowers are easily recognised by bearing 6 stamens with numerous ovaries on a stalk.
Eragrostis is commonly known as lovegrass or canegrass.
The best known species in this order are those of the Lauraceae, and the ornamental shrub Calycanthus of the Calycanthaceae.
The tentacles of all Drosera species have specialised stalked glands on the leaf's upper surface that produce a sticky mucilage.
The flower heads are sometimes produced one at a time, sometimes in groups of 3 or 4.
It was in the former Myrsinaceae family now recognised as the myrsine sub-family Myrsinoideae.
Arenga pinnata is an economically important feather palm native to tropical Asia, from eastern India east to Malaysia, Indonesia, and the Philippines in the east.
It grows to 80 cm, producing strap-shaped leaves and small globes of blue flowers in early Summer.
Fevillea is a genus of the plant family Cucurbitaceae and the only genus of the subtribe Fevilleinae.
Sidalcea pedata – birdfooted checkerbloom, Big Bear checkerbloom
Gourds of L. siceraria have been used to store water and other liquids since ancient times.
Myrothamnus is a genus of flowering plants, consisting of two species of small xerophytic shrubs, in the southern parts of tropical Africa and in Madagascar.
The bark is smooth, mottled grey, reddish-grey or white.
Parkinsonia aculeata is a species of perennial flowering tree in the pea family, Fabaceae.
Its main means of reproduction is by stolons, as its ratio of viable seeds to sterile ones is naturally low.
The etymology of its name Dysoxylum derives from the Greek word ‘Dys’ meaning "bad" referring to "ill-smelling" and ‘Xylon’ meaning "wood".
About 20 species of these lady's slipper orchids are known from SW Mexico, Central and tropical South America.
Hymenosporum flavum, or native frangipani, is a rainforest tree which is native to Queensland and New South Wales in Australia and New Guinea.
The APG II system, of 2003, also recognizes this family and assigns it to the order Caryophyllales in the clade core eudicots.
But, according to N.H. Williams of the University of Florida, this genus should be remerged with the genus Telipogon.
in K.M.Schumann & U.M.Hollrung – Maluku, New Guinea, Northern Territory of Australia
The fruit is a red pome 6–9 millimetres diameter; they are eaten by fruit-eating birds, which disperse the seeds in their droppings.
Cerbera odollam is a dicotyledonous angiosperm, a plant species in the Family Apocynaceae and commonly known as the suicide tree, pong-pong, and othalanga.
Meanwhile, many similar Asian and even African bamboos were placed in this genus under a very broad concept for the group.
The flowers are white petaled with yellow centres and are held a centimetre or two above the water.
It grows to a height of 10–30 cm from a creeping rhizome, with narrow, triangular leaves 7–15 mm across.
These are often twisted, and are always covered in distinctive minni ritchi bark, which peels in small curly flakes.
It is also used as a honey plant.
The family Gelsemiaceae was described in 1994.
Cynoglossum officinale is a herbaceous plant of the family Boraginaceae, found in most parts of Europe, and also North America where it was accidentally introduced.
It then enlarges and strangles its host, eventually becoming a freestanding tree by itself.
It is common in the Wheatbelt, and also extends into the semi-arid interior.
This plant is indigenous to KwaZulu-Natal in South Africa.
Erigeron divergens is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name spreading fleabane.
It came into the news in 2005 when the Mount Diablo buckwheat was rediscovered.
They are all large palms, with large fan-shaped leaves with stout petioles ranging from 2-5 metres in length.
They have flowers with petals and petaloid sepals with compound pistils.
Pallenis maritima is a protected plant in southern France.
It is known by many common names, including purple coraltree, gallito, bois immortelle, bucayo, and the more ambiguous "bucare" and "coral bean".
Euthamia gymnospermoides – Great Plains goldentop, Texas goldentop - Great Plains + Great Lakes from Texas to Ontario
Abatia has opposite leaves with very small stipules and marginal glands at the base of the blade of the leaf.
It is a specimen of Leonotis ocymifolia var.
They are morphologically similar to Phalaenopsis and were a long time considered as species of that genus.
Melastoma dodecandrum - Dì niè or De rěn
Helianthella gypsophila B.L.Turner - Nuevo León, Coahuila
It is a different fruit from the Palestinian sweet lime and from familiar sour limes such as the Key lime and the Persian lime.
The entire plant above ground including the flower petals are covered with stinging hairs.
Persicaria bicornis is a North American species of flowering plants in the buckwheat family common name, pink smartweed.
There are about 256 species in this genus.
Isocoma rusbyi Greene - Rusby's goldenbush - Arizona New Mexico Utah Colorado
It can grow in sub-tropical climates and humid, tropical areas.
Other side effects may include high heart rate and blood pressure, trouble sleeping, and, rarely, liver toxicity.
By far the highest species diversity is in China, where 50 species occur.
Afzelia xylocarpa is a tree from Southeast Asia.
The plant is endemic to, is native to Neotropic ecoregions.
They produce an unbranched, erect, terminal inflorescence bearing usually white or yellow, nodding flowers.
Many plants of this genus, especially F. communis are referred to as "giant fennel," although they are not fennel in the strict sense.
The flowers are small, white, and bell-like, produced in panicles up to 12 cm long.
It is found in Democratic Republic of the Congo and Uganda.
The species produces very small flowers, about 0.45 cm wide, on a racemose, many-flowered inflorescence.
A member of the Asteraceae, dicotyledonous plants, related species include the sunflower, daisy, chrysanthemum, and zinnia.
It is an Australian plant endemic to Lord Howe Island, Norfolk Island and parts of coastal Queensland.
Rubiaceae has a cosmopolitan distribution; however, the largest species diversity is concentrated in thetropics.
Arenga retroflorescens H.E.Moore & Meijer – Sabah
The inflorescence is a raceme of up to 30 flowers each about a centimeter long.
They are commonly visited by hummingbirds in late summer.
Its closest relative is not known as there are some incongruences between chloroplastic and nuclear molecular markers.
How this plant is pollinated is not known.
Its scientific name means "forest apple" and the truly wild tree has thorns.
Sexual reproduction has since been shown to be possible.
It occurs naturally in woodland, open forest and heathland on sandstone soils.
The vegetable is popular in China and Vietnam.
Thismiaceae is a family of flowering plants whose status is currently uncertain.
The leaves are pinnate, 5–9 cm long, with 5–9 rounded to oval leaflets with a serrated margin, and numerous glandular hairs.
The gymnosperms and angiosperms together compose the spermatophytes or seed plants.
Frailea is a genus of globular to short cylindrical cacti native to Brazil.
Most of the uncertainty in the number of species relates to those in Eurasia, many of which have been synonymized with P. caeruleum in the past.
Dicliptera is a genus of flowering plants in the bear's breeches family, Acanthaceae.
It is a member of the family Lythraceae, which are also known as the loosestrife family.
They are usually aggregated in axillary racemes or panicles.
Melampodium longipilum - from Guatemala to San Luis Potosí
Pleiogynium timorense, commonly known as the Burdekin plum, is a medium-sized fruit-bearing tree native to Malesia, Australia and the Pacific Islands.
Up to 5 raw leaves can be eaten a day.
The desert banksia flowers in late winter to spring.
It is grown for its dark green foliage with bright, metallic-purple stripes radiating outward from the central leaf vein.
It is also slender and has larger fruit which are produced in large clusters from the trunk or branches.
Banksia coccinea, commonly known as the scarlet banksia, waratah banksia or Albany banksia, is an erect shrub or small tree in the family Proteaceae.
Manniophyton is a genus of lianas of the spurge family described as a genus in 1864.
- Cape Province, Namibia, Free State, Lesotho, KwaZulu-Natal; naturalized in Mediterranean, Australia, New Zealand, USA
Twenty five species, or more, have official IUCN global conservation statuses of either "critically endangered", "endangered" or "vulnerable".
It contains 20 species classified in three subfamilies and six genera.
The genus is found in every state of Australia except the Northern Territory.
The plant was named at the request of Rev.
The flowers are borne on pedicels that have tiny, sharp bracteoles.
Several species are used for timber, producing a hard, dark heartwood timber similar to ebony.
Molecular phylogenetic comparisons of DNA sequences have shown that Raukaua is closely related to Schefflera sensu strictissimo, Cheirodendron, Motherwellia, and Cephalaralia.
It is considered a means of repelling witchcraft in Karanga traditional medicine.
While their flowers are small and not prominent, persoonias are best known in the Australian bush for the striking bright green foliage of many species.
One plant can produce several flower heads in a branching array, each head with 4-7 pink or purple disc flowers but no ray flowers.
The plant has solitary axillary peduncles that are shorter or slightly longer than the leaves.
Their reed-like stems range in height from about 1 ft to 25–30 ft.
The entire genus is endemic to the Republic of Chile in South America.
Cephalanthera falcata Blume - China, Japan, Korea
Argyrodendron trifoliolatum is an Australian rainforest tree.
It contains the psychoactive alkaloid mescaline as well as other alkaloids, although reported levels vary considerably and do not approach the concentrations found in Echinopsis pachanoi.
Although often found amongst tall vegetation the seeds of small teasel require disturbance for germination.
It shows the same variations in color and markings.
The low rough aster is also present on the French overseas territory of St. Pierre and Miquelon just south of Newfoundland.
The pecan is a species of hickory native to Mexico and the southcentral and southeastern regions of the United States.
It is native to parts of Africa and India.
Cercis is derived from the Greek word κερκις meaning "weaver's shuttle", which was applied by Theophrastus to C. siliquastrum.
The family includes both epiphytes, such as Spanish moss, and terrestrial species, such as the pineapple.
The fruit is an obovoid capsule covered with stiff hairs, containing numerous seeds.
It includes several species of plants known commonly as pitchersages.
The name is derived from the genus Helianthus, which is Greek for sun flower.
The seeds, popularly known as "keys" or "helicopter seeds", are a type of fruit known as a samara.
In the wild muggas grow on infertile soils, often little more than sandy gravel.
In urban settings, it is often planted in parks for its bright red flowers.
It stretches further south in mountainous areas of Norway, Montana, and Canada.
The bracts gradually change through pink, lavender, and finally gray over the course of several weeks.
The genus Fagopyrum is in the flowering plant family Polygonaceae.
Elaeagnus multiflora, the cherry elaeagnus, cherry silverberry, goumi, gumi, or natsugumi, is a species of Elaeagnus native to China, Korea, and Japan.
It inhabits Madrean and Mesoamerican pine-oak forests between 6,000 and 9,000 ft.
Its small size favors its use in urban landscaping.
They originate from the region between Brazil and Mexico.
Some species use beetles, bees, wasps, butterflies or moths as pollinators.
Many of these genera were formerly included in the family Scrophulariaceae sensu lato.
The member species of Schomburgkia have since been moved to different genera: Myrmecophila, Laelia, and Pseudolaelia.
Danthonia unispicata Munro ex Macoun - onespike oatgrass - ALB BC SAS WA ID MT OR WY SD UT NV CA
Tigridia , the peacock flowers, tiger-flowers or shell flowers, is a genus of bulbous or cormous plants, belonging to the family Iridaceae.
In tropical climates they flower year round and are commonly used in Hindu worship, as well as in ayurveda and Indian folk medicine.
The name Populus candicans has been variously used for either P. balsamifera or P. × jackii; it is currently considered a synonym of P. balsamifera.
Pomaderris oraria - Bassian Pomaderris, Limestone Pomaderris, Australia
Lactuca, commonly known as lettuce, is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family, Asteraceae.
The three bracts have generally lance-shaped blades up to 11 centimetres long borne on petioles.
Jam is prepared by stewing the flesh with brown sugar and ginger.
Cenchrus mitis Andersson - Somalia, Kenya, Tanzania, Uganda, Mozambique
Miconia fruit are a favorite food of many birds.
It is sometimes a pioneer species, colonizing land in the primary phase of ecological succession, such as roads and bare land turned over during frost heave.
Eucalyptus cloeziana, Gympie Messmate, is a small to tall tree with rough bark on most or the whole of the trunk and larger branches.
It has an altitudinal distribution of 0–600 m above sea level.
Their fruits are pods and may contain large amounts of sugar.
Common names include orchid tree, Hong Kong orchid tree, purple bauhinia, camel's foot, butterfly tree, and Hawaiian orchid tree.
Corypha is a genus of palms, native to India, Malaysia, Indonesia, the Philippines, New Guinea, northeastern Australia.
They make this genus one of the most prolific of the summer annuals, with seedlings coming up constantly.
Cotyledon orbiculata, commonly known as pig's ear or round-leafed navel-wort, is a South African succulent plant belonging to the Cotyledon genus.
The New Guinea species Polyscias macranthum can occasionally become quite large and is locally used for lumber.
The wood of trees of this genus in called "Babi Kurus" in local language.
^ a b c d Solanaceae Source.
The flowering annual herb Leucas cephalotes is a common weed which also has uses as an edible vegetable and herbal remedy.
The stem has long stiff hairs angled downwards.
This flowering plant of the Asteraceae family has been listed as an endangered species by the U.S. federal government as well as the state of California.
On the other hand, it has been stated that the spelling "is generally treated as correctable to 'hypopitys'", as followed by other authorities.
Several other species also have fruits that are edible when ripe, and yet others are used as dyestuffs or in folk medicine where they are native.
Erythrophleum is a genus of legume in the Fabaceae family.
The leaves are spirally arranged or whorled, simple, with an entire or waved margin.
The leaves are opposite, and either simple or pinnate with 3-13 leaflets.
They are larger than the male flowers and yield the edible drupe.
It has bright green, heart-shaped, fleshy shiny leaves 4–13 cm long.
It is a small riverine species of Southeast Asia.
Chondrostylis is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1897.
This plant is cited in Flora Brasiliensis by Carl Friedrich Philipp von Martius.
Though smaller than most damsons, bullaces are much larger than the closely related sloe.
Quercus imbricaria is a medium-sized tree growing to 20 meters tall, with a trunk up to 1 meter in diameter.
It usually grows in rich deciduous forests and mountain ranges where the soil is clayey and calcareous.
heudelotii - W Africa from Senegal to Benin
The three genera are herbaceous but differ greatly in characteristics.
It is endemic to Cape Province in South Africa.
Cynometra is genus of tropical forest trees with a pantropical distribution.
Introduced to the United States as early as the 19th century for culinary and cultural uses, it is now considered an invasive plant species.
Nepenthes × alisaputrana, or the Leopard Pitcher-Plant, is a hybrid of two well-known Nepenthes pitcher plant species: N. burbidgeae and N. rajah.
Phyla nodiflora, is an ornamental plant in the Verbenaceae family, and is native to South America and the United States.
This species generally has three to four scapes and cymose inflorescences that are 28-39 cm long.
There are two subspecies, B. nobilis subsp.
Abarema cochliocarpos is a species of tree in the legume family, Fabaceae.
Like other species of Indian paintbrush, it is a root parasite.
It is found in Brazil, Guyana, and Venezuela.
It was previously in the family Euphorbiaceae, tribe Drypeteae, and was the sole pantropical zoochorous genus of the family.
Hacquetia epipactis is a species of flowering plant of the Apiaceae family, native to moist, shady woodland habitats in Europe.
Patersonia inflexa Goldblatt - Papua New Guinea
Boraginaceae is hard to characterize morphologically if it includes the genera Codon and Wellstedia.
The genus includes three to six species depending on taxonomic interpretation; six are accepted by the Flora of China.
Whorled sunflowers, H. verticillatus, were listed as an endangered species in 2014 when the U.S.
The Orchidaceae have about 28,000 currently accepted species, distributed in about 763 genera.
Grevillea longifolia is a plant of the family Proteaceae, formerly known as Grevillea aspleniifolia.
Atractylis is native to the greater Mediterranean region.
Each stem terminates in a nodding, fragrant flower on a stem from 30 to 170 mm high.
Dill is widely grown in Eurasia where its leaves and seeds are used as a herb or spice for flavouring food.
It is naturalized in some areas and considered a noxious weed in others.
V. tricolor is a small plant of creeping and ramping habit, reaching at most 15 cm in height, with flowers about 1.5 cm in diameter.
One major characteristic of the Cucurbitales is the presence of unisexual flowers, mostly pentacyclic, with thick pointed petals.
Its common names in Italian include barba di frate, agretti, and liscari sativa.
The genus comprises about 150 species native to the Neotropics, mostly in Brazil.
These are also found in "Kavus" or the Sacred Groves of Kerala.
Aboriginal Australians sometimes chew the nicotine-containing leaves of Duboisia hopwoodii mixed with wood ash for their stimulant and, after extended use, depressant effects.
The roots were also subjected to supercritical carbon-dioxide based extraction at the Central Food Technological Research Institute, Mysore, India.
It is classed as an invasive species in parts of the U.S., and is found primarily in the U.S. states of California, Texas, Louisiana, and Florida.
Calycoseris parryi is a spring wildflower found in the Mojave Desert, the Sonoran Desert, and surrounding regions of the southwestern United States and northwestern Mexico.
The leaves are heart-shaped and the stems are covered with brown hairs.
Dovyalis caffra, Aberia caffra the Umkokola, Kei apple, Kai apple, or Kau apple, is a small to medium-sized tree, native to southern Africa.
Protea compacta is similar to Protea eximia.
Annamocarya is a genus of flowering plants in the family Juglandaceae, containing only one species, Annamocarya sinensis, native to southwestern China and northern Vietnam.
The Pisum sativum flower has 5 sepals, 5 petals, 10 stamens and 1 subsessil carpel.
It is found in Western Australia, from the Perth region north to the Murchison River, and generally grows on sandy soils, in scrubland or low woodland.
Inga portobellensis is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
Callistemon  is a genus of shrubs in the family Myrtaceae, first described as a genus in 1814.
It is sold in the aquarium trade, but is of uncertain status.
Menodora is a genus of perennial plants and shrubs in the olive family Oleaceae.
It grows along the Pacific Coast of North America from Alaska to far northern California.
Cercis fossils have been found that date to the Eocene.
Camellia yunnanensis is a 1.3–7 m tall shrub or small tree.
It was defined by Russian botanist Nikolai Tzvelev in 1990, preceding Bracteantha which was described the following year.
see Acidosasa Chimonocalamus Fargesia Oligostachyum Phyllosasa Sasaella Sinobambusa Yushania
Olonā has alternate leaves whose shape greatly varies depending upon the environment from thin lancolate to broad elliptic.
Some of these were eventually reclassified as nonflowers, while others were dated more accurately to a later geological time.
It is a member of the carrot family.
They are woody plants of the tropical regions of America.
Oldenlandiopsis is a genus of flowering plants in the family Rubiaceae.
The family contains 372 genera and 4060 accepted species.
It has been introduced into Ontario, Canada, where it has been called the Eggleaf Twayblade.
A well-known and very close relative – being also part of the Piperaceae – are the radiator plants of the genus Peperomia.
There are two subspecies: Acacia sclerosperma subsp.
Virola is a genus of medium-sized trees native to the South American rainforest and closely related to other Myristicaceae, such as nutmeg.
Chenopodium album is a fast-growing weedy annual plant in the genus Chenopodium.
The leaves are petiolate and reniform and about 10 cm wide.
It is palatable and nutritious for animal feed.
Sampantaea amentiflora is a plant species of the family Euphorbiaceae, first described as a genus in 1972.
Some authorities, including the USDA Plants database  consider the name Campanulastrum americanum to be the valid and correct name for this species.
Infusions have been used as a gargle, a lozenge, especially when mixed with cocaine, as a local hemostatic and remedy for diarrhea.
Zombia antillarum, commonly known as the zombie palm, is a species of palm tree and the only member of the genus Zombia.
The largest of these families are Rosaceae and Urticaceae.
Oclemena × blakei G.L.Nesom : Blake's Aster MI PA NJNY CT RI MA VT NH ME NS NB QUE ONT
The APG II system of 2003 also recognizes this family, and assigns it to the order Poales in the clade commelinids, in the monocots.
The name waratah comes from the Eora Aboriginal people, the original inhabitants of the Sydney area.
Although "organic" rotenone is no longer considered an environmentally safe chemical.
Howellia aquatilis is a small plant in the family Campanulaceae and is considered to a threatened species since 1994.
Codonopsis is a genus of flowering plant in the family Campanulaceae.
Telugu name: Duvvena Kayalu "duvvena benda"(దువ్వెన బెండ)
It is endemic to Veracruz state, in eastern Mexico.
Native to Australia and New Zealand, the genus includes at least 24 species including herbs, shrubs, trees and climbers.
Tradescantia zebrina is native to Mexico, Central America and Colombia, and naturalized in parts of Asia, Africa, Australia, South America, and various oceanic islands.
Viola banksii, commonly known as native violet, is sold and grown throughout garden nurseries and grown and loved in gardens around Australia, especially in the east.
Until 1997, it was rarely placed in the Hydrocharitaceae,] and was often taken as constituting the family Najadaceae.
The tree has no common name in English.
The tetrads of D. clavatus are tetrahedral and 34–40 µm in diameter.
Dampiera atriplicina C.A.Gardner ex Rajput & Carolin
Echinacea purpurea is a North American species of flowering plant in the sunflower family.
It is now available in a range of colours, including yellow, orange, pink, apricot, and the traditional red.
Winika is a monotypic genus of epiphytic orchids that is endemic to New Zealand.
It is also very popular in the Indian state of West Bengal, known Kunduri in Bengali with popular Bengali cuisine like Kunduri Posto.
Cleidiocarpon laurinum Airy Shaw - Thailand, Myanmar
This species generally has 1-13 scapes and cymose inflorescences that are 3-16 cm long.
Calyptrogyne ghiesbreghtiana, commonly called the coligallo palm, is an understory palm native to Central America and southern Mexico, where it grows in tropical rainforests.
Taxonomists are debating whether to put Miltonia into the Oncidium genus because of the many connections between the two.
It is the national tree of Costa Rica.
Different species hybridize easily, and this has been used in the development of the wide range of garden roses.
It also includes the pomegranate and the water caltrop.
The mangrove genus Avicennia, sometimes placed in the Verbenaceae or in its own family, Avicenniaceae, has been placed in the Acanthaceae.
One is Mimosa pudica, because of the way it folds its leaves when touched or exposed to heat.
Apiopetalum is a genus of plant in the family Apiaceae, comprising 2 species.
The 1981 Cronquist system placed the family in a separate order Plumbaginales, which included no other families.
This plant is cited in Flora Brasiliensis by Carl Friedrich Philipp von Martius.
They are native primarily to China, with a few species in Vietnam and in the eastern Himalayas.
Cosmos bipinnatus, commonly called the garden cosmos or Mexican aster, is a medium-sized flowering herbaceous plant native to Mexico.
Meryta has its center of diversity in New Caledonia.
Seen in the Southern Peninsula area of Cape Town as of 1 November 2014.
The scent has been compared to honeysuckle.
erythrocarpum Kloet – southern Appalachian Mountains of southeastern United States
It often grows in very large clumps and each stem can bear up to 21 flowers.
The leaves are thick, and covered with tiny papillae that look like waterdrops on the top and bottom of the leaves.
Lathyrus japonicus is a legume native to temperate coastal areas of Asia, Europe, and North and South America.
Most Stanhopea flowers flash prominent, elegant horns on the epichile.
Hedeoma is a genus of flowering plants in the mint family, Lamiaceae.
Its common name derives from the fact that the timber has a high silica content, making it tough and difficult to saw.
It is part of the grass family.
The leaves have a spiny petiole; in most species they are pinnate with numerous leaflets, but some species, notably S. magnifica, have undivided leaves.
Common names include starwort, stitchwort and chickweed.
Thunia is a genus of orchids and the only genus of the subtribe Thuniinae.
Historically, this wild species has been used primarily for grazing; recently, however, it has been incorporated into a pest management strategy.
Antidesmeae is a tribe of the plant family Phyllanthaceae.
The species is native to the United States, Canada, and the State of Tamaulipas in northeastern Mexico.
Leucophyta is a plant genus which is endemic to Australia.
Inga sinacae is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
Slender rush grows to be between 15 and 60 cm tall.
Byblis aquatica is an insectivorous plant belonging to the genus Byblis, commonly known as the rainbow plants.
It is herbaceous, short lived perennial.The largest is 4.6 m tall.
Chloridoideae is one of the largest subfamilies of grasses, with roughly 130 genera and 1,600 species, mainly found in arid tropical or subtropical grasslands.
Calotropis procera is a species of flowering plant in the family Apocynaceae that is native to North Africa, Tropical Africa, Western Asia, South Asia, and Indochina.
It is commonly called common screwpine, iidool, pandanus palm, screw pine, screw palm or spring pandanus.
Enchanter's nightshade is not related to the nightshade family that includes deadly nightshade and the Solanum genus.
De Candolle named the genus after Horace-Bénédict de Saussure and Nicolas-Théodore de Saussure.
Crotonogynopsis is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1899.
This plant has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.
Dipteronia dyeriana is listed by the IUCN as being a "Red List" threatened species.
The bark is gray or less often brown, and in tree species smooth or fissuring when older.
Mareya brevipes Pax - Cameroon, Gabon, Congo-Brazzaville, Equatorial Guinea, Zaïre, Central African Republic, Uganda
Isolated populations have also been found in western Texas, Wyoming and Colorado, and the species is reportedly naturalized in Hawaii.
The species name acutangulus is derived from Latin and refers to the ribs of the fruit calyx tube.
Some taxonomists consider them to be part of the species C. annuum, and they are a member of the C. annuum complex.
Lilium michiganense is a species of true lily commonly referred to as the Michigan lily.
Members of this genus accumulate iminosugars in their leaves.
The leaves emit a ginger aroma when rubbed.
Erodium is a genus of flowering plants in the botanical family Geraniaceae.
Although there is a variety with white flowers, L. diffusa var.
Dendrobium gibsonii is a species of orchid native to China, the Himalayas, and northern Indochina.
The fruit is a cluster of dry, slender, leathery achenes 2–6 cm long.
The plant can grow up to 1.5 ft in height.
Botanically, the wheat kernel is a type of fruit called a caryopsis.
Described formally by Peter Weston and Mike Crisp in 1991, A. flammeum was designated the type species of the genus Alloxylon.
Other common names for the plant include pale smartweed, curlytop knotweed, and willow weed.
The probable origin of this story is that sheep eating a calcium-poor diet are likely to develop bone weakness, and N. ossifragum favours acidic low-calcium soils.
Horticulturally, the species are often treated as separate entities because of their differing habits and leaf shapes.
The genus was previously included in the Scrophulariaceae.
The fruit is a 2-cm diameter drupe, and primarily dispersed by bats and toucans.
Eucalyptus globoidea, known by the common name White Stringybark, is a tree native to eastern Australia.
The specific name populneus pertains to a perceived similarity to genus Populus, the Poplars.
It was formerly placed in the genus Listera, but molecular phylogenetic studies have shown that Neottia nidus-avis, the Bird's-nest Orchid, evolved within the same group.
They are mostly natives of the temperate Northern Hemisphere, with a few species reaching the Southern Hemisphere in the Andes in South America.
They are lowland epiphytes mainly found in Central America, from Cuba and Mexico to Argentina.
Stipules are narrow and not attached to the stalk, or soon falling.
The leaves and bracts are blue-green, and the flowers purple.
Dresslerella is a genus of miniature orchids, with about 13 species native to South and Central America.
The flowers are large and pure white highlighted with black-tipped stamens although the buds are tipped with red.
Talbotiella eketensis is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
Both sides of the leaf are initially downy with the upper surface becoming smooth.
Uncaria is a genus of flowering plants in the family Rubiaceae.
The flexible limbs of some species are used in basket weaving.
Frangula californica is a species of flowering plant in the buckthorn family native to western North America.
Remnants of einkorn have been found with the iceman mummy Ötzi.
Together with ordinary autophytic plants, the Ericales include chlorophyll-deficient mycoheterotrophic plants and carnivorous plants.
It is one of the most variable species in the genus and was once considered to be a variety of H. tatei.
Elephant garlic is a perennial plant belonging to the onion genus.
It is an ornamental plant and it is used medicinally and in cooking, and it became the official state flower of California in 1903.
- Arizona, New Mexico, Texas, Sonora, Chihuahua
Nevertheless, other plants, including papaya, produce glucosinolates in unripened fruit, skin and seeds.
It is an erect annual plant that grows from 7 to 27 cm tall.
This species has serrated, dull green leaves and large, bright flower spikes, initially white before opening to a bright orange.
The use of the fruit as an exotic flavouring, one of the best known bushfoods, has led to the attempted domestication of the species.
In its natural habitat, M. hortensia occurs near beaches under the direct influence of sea-water spray and sea-winds.
Some view the plant as a weed, but others make use of its fiber for various purposes.
Pueraria is a genus of 15–20 species of plants native to Asia.
It is native to southeastern South America, with species endemic to Brazil in the Atlantic Forest and/or Cerrado ecoregions.
It is closely related to Moluccella and Marrubium.
It is a popular ornamental plant and is also used in herbal medicine.
Streblorrhiza speciosa was a perennial shrub endemic to Phillip Island.
As with other mangroves, it occurs in the intertidal zones of estuarine areas.
Melampodium costaricense - Costa Rica, Panama, Belize, Nicaragua, Colombia
Sasaella hidaensis Makino, Hishu zasa - Honshu, Shikoku
Its fruit is still sold as a local delicacy in some South American produce markets.
It grows most actively during the spring and fall, while resting during the heat of midsummer and the short cool days of winter.
This is referred to as the North American clade.
The genus was named for William Wright, Scottish physician and botanist, by Robert Brown.
Arnoglossum is a member of the tribe Senecioneae which has been undergoing extensive revisions in recent years.
The leaves are generally 2.5-18 mm long and 1.5-9 mm wide.
Common local names include yarumo or yagrumo, or more specifically yagrumo hembra to distinguish them from the similar-looking but distantly related Schefflera.
The order name is derived from genus Fagus, beeches.
The leaves have rounded tips, and definite raised veins.
These shrubby plants or trailing vines belong to the "typical" legumes, with the peas and beans, though they are part of another tribe, the Desmodieae.
The plus sign indicates its unusual origin.
Towns such as Toulouse became prosperous from the woad trade.
They are found in woods and brush thickets where they bloom mid to late summer or fall.
The fossils of B. strahanensis were discovered in sediment at Regatta Point during the early 1980s.
Over 150 species are native to Mexico.
Second only to members of the family Proteaceae, melaleucas are an important food source for nectarivorous insects, birds, and mammals.
Prasiola is a genus of fresh water and marine green algae.
Dipterocarpus fusiformis is a species of tree in the family Dipterocarpaceae.
This species is a weedy wildflower which has naturalized in many areas, including much of Europe.
The plant grows on steep, exposed cliffs and has been damaged by hurricanes and landslides.
It flowers from late winter to late spring.
Common names for plants in this genus include dancing-lady orchid and golden shower orchid.
It is very common on road verges and in disturbed areas of Perth.
The winter buds are light red, covered with pale scurfy down, protected by a pair of opposing scales.
Sorbus pseudomeinichii, known as false rowan and Catacol whitebeam, is a rare tree endemic to the Isle of Arran in south west Scotland.
Tragiella is a genus of plant of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1919.
In traditional medicine, the plant has medicinal qualities, having "nearly the same properties as dandelion and succory".
The carrot is a root vegetable, usually orange in colour, though purple, black, red, white, and yellow cultivars exist.
Three varieties are recognised and it hybridises with the silver and dwarf birches.
is a species of Malope native to the Western Mediterranean Region.
The English name skirret is derived from the Middle English 'skirwhit' or 'skirwort', meaning 'white root'.
The species is sparsely distributed, but most commonly occurs in the central areas of its range.
The type species for the genus is Oldenlandia corymbosa.
It occurs in Western Australia's semi-arid shrubland.
Hoheria are mostly evergreen,with Hoheria glabrata/ Mountain ribbonwood a deciduous species.
Some Brachyscome are popular as easily cultivated ornamental plants for flower gardens, and many cultivars are bred for their form, foliage, and flowers.
wigginsii Skinner -- Wiggins' lily - southwestern Oregon, northwestern California
Solanum lycocarpum, the wolf apple, is common in the Brazilian savanna, the Cerrado ecoregion.
A. tennesseensis fruits are greenish, hairy, and are more elongated as is more typical for legumes.
danicum, but these are now recognized as Arum cylindraceum.
It is closely related to the genus Luma; some botanists include Myrceugenia in that genus.
The flowers are small, greenish-white or yellowish, and bisexual.
Although records of pollinators are limited, most species appear to be pollinated by insects.
The geographic distribution of species is given below:
Colouration ranges from green to purple in older plants.
Colocasia esculenta is a tropical plant grown primarily for its edible corms, the root vegetables most commonly known as taro.
It is most often grown as a leaf vegetable, but sometimes for its stem and seeds.
Common names include Gymnema, Cowplant, Australian Cowplant, and Periploca of the woods.
Myricanthe is a genus of plants in the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1980.
Plants from the Hose Mountains appear to lack the decurrent leaf attachment found in specimens from Central Kalimantan.
The center of diversity lies in Central America, Mexico and the dry forests and thorn bush savannas of South America.
It was discovered northeast of Melbourne, Australia, in 1995, and released commercially in 2001.
This species is hemiparasitic, meaning it receives energy from both photosynthesis and root parasitism.
The Spanish name for this plant is tajinaste rojo.
Centroplacus is a genus of the family Centroplacaceae.
Saccharum coarctatum R. Webster - southeastern USA
Below 800–900 m ASL, the palm is essentially the only remaining tree, occurring in a major subpopulation and scattered groups in sheltered locations.
Leaves broadest at the middle; umbel bracts 12–35 mm.
Evidence shows individual seed dispersal as far as ten kilometres.
Both species are native to the Indomalaysian region, and A. indica is also widely cultivated and naturalized outside its native range.
The plant reaches between 1' and 3' in height "with numerous ascending linear leaves and magnificient, showy, compact spikes of rose pink blossoms.
The leaves are narrow, tapering to a point.
Trifolium stoloniferum, the running buffalo clover, is an endangered species of perennial clover native to the eastern and midwestern United States.
The fruit becomes dry and is no longer good for concentrate.
This plant has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.
As part of a 2002 marketing campaign, the plant conservation charity Plantlife chose sea thrift as the "county flower" of the Isles of Scilly.
Vigna mungo, black gram, urad bean, mungo bean or black matpe bean is a bean grown in the Indian subcontinent.
The fruits of the tree burn brightly when ignited, and can be used for illumination as torches or candles.
After flowering the foliage dies away entirely, a property that allows their survival in the summer drought of Central Asia.
Lespedeza is a genus of some 40 species of flowering plants in the pea family, commonly known as bush clovers or Japanese clovers.
It is also found in Mexico, the West Indies, and South America.
Such a family has not been recognized by many taxonomists.
Inga bollandii is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
Jubaea is a genus of palms with one species, Jubaea chilensis, or J. spectabilis, the Chilean wine palm or Chile cocopalm.
Centrolepis species are all tufted plants with narrow leaves from the base.
Viola purpurea is a species of violet which bears yellow flowers.
It is a herbaceous perennial, native to warm, open woodland habitats in southern Europe, north Africa and much of Asia.
This plant was previously known as Drosera "maglisburg".
Dialium orientale is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
Hordeum brachyantherum - Russia, Alaska, Canada including Yukon, USA, Baja California
It was established in 1789 by Antoine Laurent de Jussieu.
It was originally described by Tausch in Deut.
The tree is native to Africa, India, the Indian Ocean and Asia, but it has also been introduced to the Caribbean.
Xerophyllum tenax is a North American species of plants in the corn lily family.
Additionally the blades have 2-6 raised veins, and a swollen center when viewed in cross section.
Sparganium is a genus of flowering plants, described as a genus by Linnaeus in 1753.
Nashia is a genus of flowering plants in the vervain family, Verbenaceae.
The leaves of beech trees are entire or sparsely toothed, from 5–15 cm long and 4–10 cm broad.
The wild species blooms in white or yellow, and is hardy from USDA Zones 3a-10b.
The name Knautia comes from the 17th-century German botanists, Drs.
Many people consider the fruits to be foul-tasting.
Inga skutchii is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
As with many other cactus species, its most serious threat relates to poaching by plant collectors.
A profuse producer of nectar, B. sessilis is valuable to the beekeeping industry.
It contains only one known species, Astrococcus coriaceus, native to neighboring states of identical names, Amazonas State in southern Venezuela and Amazonas State in northwestern Brazil.
It is found only in Pahang and Johor in Malaysia.
Amomyrtus meli D.Legrand & Kausel, a large tree endemic to the rainforests of Chile
This group contains the fewest genera but the greatest number of species.
Although this plant is considered a weed in some parts of the world, in other parts it is a source of food or medicine.
It is an annual species found in sandy areas, near riverbeds, lakes, and fields.
Hyoscyamus niger, commonly known as henbane, black henbane or stinking nightshade, is a poisonous plant in the family Solanaceae.
Beilschmiedia tawa, the tawa tree, is a New Zealand broadleaf tree common in the central parts of the country.
The base of the lip has a white color on the margins.
There is much variation among individuals of this species, and there are several distinct varieties:
Pentaphylax is a genus of flowering plants, with one or two species which are shrubs and small trees.
Omphalodes verna is an herbaceous perennial rhizomatous plant of the genus Omphalodes belonging to the family Boraginaceae.
Adenostoma sparsifolium, Redshanks or less commonly, Ribbonwood, is a multi-trunked tree or shrub native to dry slopes or chaparral of Southern California and northern Baja California.
The plants take longer to reach maturity than bush beans, but once producing, the beans are quick-growing and daily checking/harvesting is often a necessity.
The World Checklist of Selected Plant Families regards Agave angustifolia as an illegitimate synonym for Agave vivipara L.
Several species are pachycaul plants with a very stout stem for their overall size, used to store water during periods of drought.
This plant has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.
B. H. Danser, in his 1928 monograph "The Nepenthaceae of the Netherlands Indies", wrote the following:
Found only in Brazil, it is threatened by habitat loss.
Conioselinum is a genus of flowering plant in the Apiaceae family, native to Eurasia and North America.
Cercis occidentalis, the western redbud or California redbud, is a small tree or shrub in the legume family.
It is a distinctive member of Protea, having the largest flower head in the genus.
Some, particularly the willowherbs are common weeds in gardens and in the wild.
Studies have shown that the meat of sheep grazed on river saltbush is high in Vitamin E and has high "consumer appeal".
It is also sometimes referred to as bachelor's buttons or featherfew.
The genus Didymeles is restricted to Madagascar and the Comoros.
Zosteraceae is closely related to Potamogetonaceae, a family of freshwater aquatics.
Most of the species, of which there may be 75-90, are indigenous to the New World.
^ NatureServe, "Anaphalis margaritacea", NatureServe Explorer: An online encyclopedia of life, Version 6.1., Arlington, Virginia 
It was formerly classified in the Phyllanthaceae and given its own tribe, the Centroplaceae.
Banksia sphaerocarpa, commonly known as the Fox Banksia or Round-fruit Banksia, is a species of shrub or tree in the plant genus Banksia.
Cyanotis ake-assii Brenan - Mali, Ivory Coast
It can also grow back after being dormant as root stock for years after drought years.
It shares the common name "lilly pilly" with several other plants, however in New Zealand, it is commonly known as 'monkey apple'.
It flowers in the southern hemisphere from April to October.
Eschweilera subcordata is a species of woody plant in the Lecythidaceae family.
Unlike its relatives, which are for the most part substantial trees and shrubs, C. canadensis is a creeping, rhizomatous perennial growing to about 20 cm tall.
The specific name lehmanniana honours the botanist Johann Lehmann.
Other common names are velcro plant and vegetable velcro.
It is commonly cultivated; it is eaten and used in traditional Chinese medicine.
The specific epithet longifolia, formed from the Latin words longus and folius, refers to the exceptionally large leaves of this species.
Mezoneuron kauaiense is a rare species of flowering plant in the pea family, Fabaceae, that is endemic to Hawaii.
Plants grow10 to 40 cm tall, from short tuber-like rhizomes that are 10-30 mm long.
Sida rhombifolia is a perennial or sometimes annual plant in the Family Malvaceae, native to the New World tropics and subtropics.
The scarlet gourds are a genus with 25 species.
Alopecurus pratensis, known as the meadow foxtail or the field meadow foxtail, is a perennial grass belonging to the grass family.
Since that time, molecular phylogenetic studies have greatly clarified relationships within the family, and the number of accepted genera is now between 80 and 85.
This second form, native to the New South Wales coast from near Brisbane to Batemans Bay, he named Viola banksii.
Choerospondias axillaris, known in English as the "Nepali hog plum", is a tree in the family Anacardiaceae.
It has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.
There are 30 recognised Durio species, at least nine of which produce edible fruit.
Senecio vulgaris, often known by the common names groundsel and old-man-in-the-Spring, is a flowering plant in the daisy family Asteraceae.
Not to be confused with Diospyros macassar, a junior synonym of D. rumphii.
The foliage is opposite, simple with dentate margins, wrinkly, ovate, and with long petioles.
There are primary panicles, which may be chasmogamous, and secondary panicles, which are often cleistogamous.
A height of 20-30 cm is normal since this cactus is recumbent.
The leaves of A. leucoderme are yellow-green underneath rather than the whitish underside of Florida maple.
It is found only in the Philippines.
Dipterocarpus caudiferus is a species of tree in the family Dipterocarpaceae endemic to Borneo.
The largest genera are Draba, Erysimum, Lepidium, Cardamine, and Alyssum.
It is found only in Ecuador and also Brazil.
The wood is valued by some for its striped figure and is used in furniture.
It is distributed throughout the tropics, subtropics, and warm temperate regions.
Parietaria judaica, with common names spreading pellitory or pellitory of the wall, is a species of herbaceous perennial plant in the family Urticaceae, commonly nicknamed sticky-weed.
A member of the myrtle and eucalyptus family, the tree can grow to a height of thirty feet, and propagation is by seed.
They have been used for various purposes.
Quercus marilandica is a small oak, one of the red oak group Quercus sect.
Some authorities think that it may be a cultivar of P. orientalis.
They are colloquially known as cestrums or jessamines.
Hibiscadelphus distans is an extremely rare species of flowering plant in the mallow family, Malvaceae, that is endemic to the island of Kauaʻi in Hawaii.
and the New Jersey Natural Heritage database.
It is one of the primary trees used in the production of myrrh, a resin made from dried tree sap.
In 1926 the Welsh botanist Eleanor Vachell was asked by the British Museum to investigate a report of the Ghost Orchid in England.
The genus comprises about 1200–1800 species, and has a native range that extends from Africa and Madagascar through southern Asia east through the Pacific.
Ateleia salicifolia is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
do Parque Nacional da Serra da Canastra, Minas Gerais, Brasil.
Orchidantha remains a poorly known genus, found from southern China to Borneo.
Hicksbeachia is a genus of two species of trees in the family Proteaceae.
The plant is native to the Inner and Outer North California Coast Ranges, such as the Santa Cruz Mountains, and surrounding the San Francisco Bay Area.
One distinguishing feature of the grass pinks is that, unlike most orchids, they are non-resupinate.
Restrepia citrina is an orchid, close related to the pleurothallinids.
Common names for the genus include box-thorn', desert-thorn, wolfberry, אטד aTaD, and eawsaj عَوْسَج.
Its habitats are Zimbabwe, Zambia, Malawi and Zaire.
The ribs have tubercles, with ungrooved areoles.
It was known as Nothofagus fusca prior to 2013.
Ballota rotundifolia K.Koch - Erzurum region of Turkey
Cladanthus is a genus of plants in the family sunflower family, native to the Mediterranean region.
It is an annual growing to a height of 150 cm, with spirally arranged leaves.
These plantlets arise from mitosis of meristematic-type tissue in notches in the leaves.
Common names in English include sappanwood and Indian redwood.
It is found in El Salvador and Guatemala.
Silene latifolia, the white campion is a dioecious flowering plant in the family Caryophyllaceae, native to most of Europe, Western Asia and Northern Africa.
Within the aster family, the Eupatorieae are in the subfamily Asteroideae.
Astartea is a genus of flowering plants in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae.
The coconut also has cultural and religious significance in certain societies, particularly in India, where it is used in Hindu rituals.
It is an herbaceous plant that grows in clumps about a 12 inches high.
Thynnid wasps are unusual in that the female is flightless and mating occurs when the male carries a female away to a source of food.
It is a common and conspicuous part of the natural forest ecosystems in much of its native range.
Erythrina humeana is an ornamental tree and medicinal plant native to South Africa.
Generally, the onion retains a slightly crunchy texture through the brining process, which can add a different mouthfeel to the drinking experience.
Quercus georgiana, the Georgia oak or Stone Mountain oak, is a rare deciduous red oak, native to the southeastern United States.
It is widely used in folk medicine for stomach ache, as sudorific, and as liniment for rheumatism.
It grows two to three meters tall.
It is an endangered subspecies thought to have been extinct since 1937, but it was rediscovered in southern California in 2001.
This subfamily features the most plant types which are commonly cultivated by people, including the pineapple.
This genus is abbreviated Aer in the horticultural trade.
Dark bluish to mauve berries follow the flowers on female shrubs.
Purdiaea is a genus of flowering plants in the family Clethraceae described as a genus in 1846.
Several species of Canellaceae are important in herbal medicine or as a substitute for cinnamon.
Cephalanthera longibracteata Blume - China, Japan, Korea, Russian Far East
The pistils have superior ovaries and five stigmas protruding from the central column in the flower.
Lallemantia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Lamiaceae.
Inga blanchetiana is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
A few species of Ochna are cultivated as ornamentals.
Dropseed has little value as food; its palatability decreases with its age.
Like most Acacia species, it has phyllodes rather than true leaves.
The vines may be up to 3 to 5 meters long with fragrant pale pink or greenish-yellow pea-like flowers which bloom in the summer.
Chinese people have traditionally considered Elaeagnus multiflora to be among a group of "nutraceuticals", or foods that are edible and have medicinal values.
It is known for its distinct brilliant red flowers.
Eschweilera boltenii is a species of woody plant in the Lecythidaceae family.
Olea capensis, also known by the common name black ironwood, is an African tree species belonging to the Olive family.
It secretes a polysaccharide, which may be useful for its survival in the cold climate.
The genus is endemic to the West Indies.
The inflorescence is a panicle with widely spaced flowers.
Neillia is a genus of the botanical family Rosaceae.
Rumex maritimus, common names golden dock, bristle dock, or seashore dock, is an annual plant species of the genus Rumex.
It contains only one known species, Adenopeltis serrata, endemic to the central part of the Republic of Chile in South America.
These act as stimulant laxatives, with the hydroanthracene glycosides stimulating peristalsis, and emodin exciting smooth muscle cells in the large intestine.
Catananche is a genus of flowering plants in the dandelion family.
The tree is found in subtropical broadleaved evergreen forests, ranging from the eastern Himalayas of Nepal, Bhutan, and northeastern India, across Indochina, southern China, and Taiwan.
In China for example about 80 are found, while there are 20 in North America north of Mexico.
This species is found only in Brazil.
Flowers are solitary or grow in small, whorled clusters, usually in the leaf axils along the stem.
All strawberries have a base haploid count of 7 chromosomes.
The plants vary from annual and creeping herbs to shrubs.
Technically, the plants do not contain a poison; they contain a potent allergen.
The upper lip is hood shaped and laterally compressed.
The stems and base are covered in leaves so dissected that they resemble branching green threads coming out of the stem in fractal patterns.
Some Portulaca species are used as food plants by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species including the Nutmeg.
Illicium is a genus of flowering plants treated as part of the family Schisandraceae, or alternately as the sole genus of the Illiciaceae.
The stems are usually 1.5 to 3.5 inches in diameter and up to 25 inches high, and obscured by heavy spines.
- Trinidad & Tobago, Colombia, Venezuela, the Guianas, northern Brazil
It is a root vegetable used as a spice.
It is distinguished from the grain sorghum by the grain not being exposed at maturity.
Naturally, such a plant cannot be placed anywhere in a garden.
Like the true clovers, black medick has three leaflets and a small, yellow flower closely resembling those of the lesser trefoil.
The plant contains beta-carbolines, which act as a psychedelic drug.
The plant's conservation status is listed as "endangered", and its continued existence on this planet is threatened by habitat loss.
It inhabits woodlands and riverbanks, and is also a popular garden subject.
Hymenoxys brachyactis - East View rubberweed - New Mexico
It flowers in summer, with striking black-eyed flowers with black stamens.
The variability of the species in colour, hairiness, and in the number of flowers, has led to an extensive synonymy for the species.
Nerstrand-Big Woods State Park, River Bend Nature Center, and several tracts owned by The Nature Conservancy protect portions of its habitat.
Grevillea juniperina adapts readily to cultivation and has been important in horticulture as it is the parent of many popular garden hybrids.
The ants chew holes in the tips of the hollow stipular thorns, known as domatia, so that they can enter, and create their colony inside.
The plant captures small aquatic invertebrates using traps similar to those of the Venus flytrap.
Its abbreviation in the horticultural trade is Brs.
Melocanna is a genus of Asian clumping bamboo in the grass family.
The fruits are rather large drupes with a fleshy exocarp and a thin, woody endocarp.
The taxon name comes from Greek kynos and anchein, hence the common name for several species is dog-strangling vine.
Suessenguthia is a genus of the Acanthaceae plant family comprising six species of shrubs with showy, tubular flowers arranged in few-flowered heads.
Stenocereus are often used as ornamental plants in hot and arid regions, and as noted above, some species can double as a fruit crop.
Himatanthus stenophyllus Plumel - Colombia, NW Brazil, Guyana, Suriname
The flowers of all Cosmos attract birds and butterflies, including the monarch butterfly.
It is a rhizomatous herbaceous perennial, from Europe and Central Asia.
Garden cress is genetically related to watercress and mustard, sharing their peppery, tangy flavor and aroma.
Cyanotis arachnoidea C.B.Clarke - tropical Africa, Indian Subcontinent, southern China, Indochina
The eleven Australian species may have the common name coogera and they grow naturally in the rainforests of eastern Australia and the Northern Territory.
The species is unusual in Citrus for having deciduous, compound leaves and pubescent fruit.
Southwestern USA, just into extreme northwest Mexico.
Recent work suggests that the genus is polyphyletic.
All bear the familiar daisy-like composite flowerheads.
Moenchia erecta, erect chickweed or upright chickweed, is a small annual plant in the family Caryophyllaceae.
This plant is cited in The movements and habits of climbing plants by Charles Darwin.
This soap is still used to clean delicate antique tapestries.
Individual plants live for only one or two years.
This species is found in rocky, calcareous soils.
macrocephalum, the east Maui silversword or Haleakala silversword, is a rare plant, part of the daisy family Asteraceae.
besseyi Gleason, western sand cherry - Saskatchewan, Manitoba, western Ontario, south to Colorado and Kansas
Peel off the lower leaves, dip in rooting powder, and insert 2 inches into potting soil.
The tree grows to approximately 35 metres in height and 0.7 metre in diameter.
Melaleuca huegelii, commonly known as chenille honey-myrtle, is a plant in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae and is endemic to the south-west coastal areas of Western Australia.
Cultivated species and weedy annuals have been introduced worldwide.
The family is large, with about 1207 known species described in seven genera.
The rosids are members of a large clade of flowering plants, containing about 70,000 species, more than a quarter of all angiosperms.
Outlying patches of the tree are found to the north of Yanchep and further inland where rivers intersect the range.
The plant prefers rocky limestone places at about 1,800–3,000 metres altitude.
Bambusa tuldoides Munro - Guangdong, Guangxi, Indochina; naturalized in Ryukyu Islands, Bangladesh, Chiapas, El Salvador, Cuba, Puerto Rico, Hispaniola, Trinidad, Ecuador, Brazil, Colombia
They generally form clumps of cylindrical stems and narrow leaves with hair-lined edges.
It grows at 1,200–3,500 m altitude in the Andes, typically growing in rock crevices, and often close to waterfalls.
In some of those areas, it has escaped cultivation and become a weed species.
These include the kidney bean, the navy bean, the pinto bean, and the wax bean.
The tetraploids showed little promise, but hexaploid triticale was successful enough to find commercial application.
Printed by the SLU Reprocentralem, Umea, Sweden, ISBN 91-7191-105-7,285pp}}
Other species occur well into tropical areas such as Honduras and Myanmar.
The resulting hybrid is sterile and must be treated with colchicine to induce polyploidy and thus the ability to reproduce itself.
Augusta Kennedia, Kennedia macrophylla, is a leguminous plant native to Western Australia.
In the Jicarilla language, osha is called ha’ich’idéé.
Like sedums, Rhodiola species are often called stonecrops.
They are distributed from Central China to Sikkim, Nepal and Bhutan and to western Malaysia.
Banksia aemula, commonly known as the wallum banksia, is a shrub of the family Proteaceae.
The specific epithet spectabilis is Latin for "visible" or "notable".
There have been no studies that show a direct correlation between the use of tribulus and an increase in natural testosterone.
Its common names include snow-poppy and dawn-poppy.
Stanhopeinae and Coeliopsidinae are now considered closely related sister subtribes.
Carlesia sinensis is a species of flowering plant in the Apiaceae, the only member of the genus Carlesia.
In its native environment it plays a key role sealing human and natural disturbances on the forest edge.
However, they proliferate widely within this area.
Talisia esculenta is a medium-sized tree native to the Amazon Basin, and is found in Brazil, Colombia, Peru, Paraguay and Bolivia.
It is native primarily to the Midwestern and lower Great Plains regions of the United States, extending southeast into the Nashville Basin.
Acer micranthum is occasionally cultivated as an ornamental tree in European and North American gardens.
Laurus nobilis is an aromatic evergreen tree or large shrub with green, glabrous leaves, in the flowering plant family Lauraceae.
^ Martinelli, G., Magalhães Vieira, C., Gonzalez, M., Leitman, P., Piratininga, A. Ferreira da Costa, A.
It is found only in Costa Rica.
Vachellia horrida is a low spreading shrub or sometimes tree native to both the wet and dry scrublands of tropical to subtropical East Africa.
The flowers are variable – usually red but can range from pink, yellow to cream.
A recent revision based on nuclear and chloroplast DNA sequences divides the tribe into 6 subtribes and 18 genera.
Tetraberlinia tubmaniana is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
It has naturalized throughout the world, and is considered an invasive weed in Africa, Australia, the southern United States, Hawaiian Islands, New Guinea, and French Polynesia.
- E + SE + S Africa
sinensis for the Chinese tea, and Camellia sinensis var.
Lilium speciosum contains phenolic glycosides, such as 6′-O-feruloylsucrose and-26-methoxyspirost-5-en-3β-ol 3-O-α-l-rhamnopyranosyl-(1→2)-β-d-glucopyranoside, and steroidal saponins.
Dampiera is a genus of plants in the Goodeniaceae family which are endemic to Australia occurring in all states.
The name alludes to the resemblance between this genus and true rice, Oryza.
It is thus considered to have rapid plant movement.
Dischidia is a genus of plants in the Milkweed family, Apocynaceae.
These non-astringent varieties are however considered to have a less complex flavor.
The inflorescence is at the end of short branches and often consist of about five flowers.
This plant favors dry, sand or gravel soil, but has also been reported on stream margins.
The family has only recently been recognized by taxonomists.
It was first discovered in the ravine of Tai Mo Shan in 1955 by AFCD.
The greyish-green leaves emerge in autumn, they grow between 20–70 cm tall.
The leaves are evergreen, alternate, simple, broad lanceolate, very large, up to 1 m long, with an entire or waved margin.
The Rhamnaceae have a worldwide distribution, but are more common in the subtropical and tropical regions.
Its flowering season extends from mid-summer to late October, with blue to violet blossoms arranged into showy, branched panicles.
Fallopia multiflora Haraldson is a synonym of Reynoutria multiflora Moldenke - Eastern Asia
Members of the Anacardiaceae bear fruits that are drupes and in some cases produce urushiol, an irritant.
It is known only from a fossil leaf and several fossil leaf fragments found in Early to Middle Pleistocene sediment at Regatta Point in western Tasmania.
Trichosanthes is a genus of tropical and subtropical vines.
Extinction was probably caused by the climatic and physical disruption of the Early Pleistocene Glaciations.
They differ conspicuously in the glossy, deeply lobed leaves of A. ginnala, compared to the matte, unlobed or only shallowly lobed leaves of A. tataricum.
Hedeoma × serpyllifolia Small - Texas, New Mexico
The most common mode of reproduction is self-fertilization, with occasional fertilization by another plant of the same species.
Other genera have later been moved to Metteniusaceae, so that Icacinaceae now include c. 23 genera and 160 species.
Banksia lemanniana is killed by bushfire and regenerates from seed.
The hybrid symbol × in front of the name indicates that this is an inter-generic hybrid, a cross between plants from different genera.
Hedychium coccineum grows on the edge of forests and in mountain grasslands.
The genus name is derived from the Ancient Greek ἰξία), the pine thistle, Carlina gummifera, an unrelated plant in the Asteraceae family.
The fruit, a dark three-angled nut, is about 3–4 millimetres in diameter, surrounded by the remnants of the flower.
They are able to attain these sizes without numerous internal cell wells because they build calcium carbonate shells around themselves.
Other scientists have applied this taxon to other species; see below.
It is endemic to the San Francisco Bay Area in California in the United States, where it occurs in Marin, Napa, and Santa Clara Counties.
The species in this genus are native to western North America and southwestern South America.
It is one of several species called "jujube," and is closely related to Z. jujuba, the true jujube.
It is also naturalized in Argentina, New Zealand, and the Eastern United States.
plukenetii are pollinated by sunbirds, whilst the smaller, exclusively white, flowers of E. plukenetii ssp.
Salix discolor, the American pussy willow or glaucous willow, is a species of willow native to North America, one of two species commonly called pussy willow.
In some places it is called ibiocaí
When the flowers emerge on the forest floor, they are pollinated by a ground-foraging species of native bat.
It is evergreen, and in northern temperate climates it flowers from July to September.
The genus Ophrys is a large group of orchids from the alliance Orchis in the subtribe Orchidinae.
It is sometimes cultivated as a decorative plant.
The species name stimulosus comes from the Latin stimul(us), meaning to "goad", "prod" or "urge".
The species formerly known as Austromyrtus lasioclada, which is common in northern New South Wales and south-eastern Queensland, is now known as Lenwebbia lasioclada.
It was first illustrated in 'Flowers of the Mediterranean' in 1965.
Ricinocarpeae is a tribe of the subfamily Crotonoideae, under the family Euphorbiaceae.
Lonchocarpus calcaratus is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
Rose plants range in size from compact, miniature roses, to climbers that can reach seven meters in height.
Guayacaú Negro is used for timber in several Latin American countries, especially Argentina and Paraguay.
Muilla coronata is a species of flowering plant known by the common name crowned muilla.
The palms are also cultivated on Norfolk Island, where seeds are produced for export.
Bartonia is a genus of the gentian family, tribe Gentianeae, subtribe Swertiinae.
In South Africa it is commonly known as a crane flower and is featured on the reverse of the 50 cent coin.
However, management of all wild melons is similar, apart from some variation in sensitivity to the herbicide glyphosate.
psittacorum is found on Lord Howe Island, Norfolk Island and the Kermadec Islands
They have wide-spreading underground and overground stolons and erect, square, branched stems.
It is an annual plant with decumbent growth to 2-10 cm tall with downy stems.
Utricularia gibba, commonly known as the humped or floating bladderwort, is a small, mat-forming species of carnivorous aquatic bladderwort.
When tested, the perennial wild Cicer species recovered after wilting and drying out and also tolerated high temperatures.
Leaf shape and arrangement varies from rough toothed to a configuration of opposingly lobed pairs along the plant stalk, pinnately lobed.
The leaves are palmately compound, with 9–11 leaflets 10–20 cm long and 2.5–4 cm broad, on a 20 cm petiole.
Rudbeckia hirta is one of a number of plants with the common name black-eyed Susan.
Common names include sugar palm, arenga palm, areng palm, black-fiber palm, gomuti palm, aren, enau, irok, and kaong.
The genus Gossypium comprises around 50 species, making it the largest in species number in the tribe Gossypieae.
Najas oguraensis Miki - East Asia, Himalayas
The genus name Mahonia honours the Philadelphia horticulturist Bernard McMahon who introduced the plant from materials collected by the Lewis and Clark Expedition.
Acrocomia crispa, a palm species which is endemic to Cuba.
It is native to S Mexico, Central America, and South America.
The composition and chemistry of the oils found in Humulus japonicus differs from its relative the common hop, Humulus lupulus.
The subsurface architecture of these terrestrial wild orchids consists of a rhizome structure, from which emanate tubers.
Leaves are often clustered at the ends of branches, with blades up to 15 cm long.
L. inebrians is widely distributed in the Samarkand and Bukhara provinces of Uzbekistan.
The leaf blades are heart-shaped or kidney-shaped, with wavy, scalloped edges.
Plants are often found growing along the margins of hedges, giving rise to the old British folk name of Jack-by-the-hedge.
Other species of Capparis are also picked along with C. spinosa for their buds or fruits.
The green leaves are elongated wedge shaped with serrated edges about 20 mm wide and 100 mm long.
Salix rupifraga is a species of willow native to mountains of Honshū.
See also Dendrobium cuthbertsonii, whose flowers have been reported to last up to ten months each.
There are about 60 species of Arctostaphylos, ranging from ground-hugging arctic, coastal, and mountain species to small trees up to 6 m tall.
Trillium nivale, the snow trillium or dwarf white trillium, is a member of the Melanthiaceae family.
The flowers are profusely borne, 2–5 cm diameter, with five petals and a 1 cm spur.
It is a dicotyledonous plant with simple leaves, which are alternate or in fascicles on short shoots.
Its rind and crushed leaves emit an intense citrus fragrance.
It is among the hardier bulbous irises, and can be grown in northern Europe.
It has value in agricultural and horticultural use and has a range of medicinal properties.
It is known by various other names, including tree fuchsia, African greenheart and African walnut.
An oily, yellow liquid oozes from cuts to the stems and roots.
Like most other Boraginaceae, the majority have trichomes on the leaves.
The name is derived from the Greek words 'gramma' and 'phyllon', referring to the parallel leaf veins or the markings of the perianth.
Banksia elegans, commonly known as the elegant banksia, is a species of woody shrub in the genus Banksia of the family Proteaceae.
The leaves are alternately arranged, simple, 6–12 cm long and 3–6 cm broad, and have a serrated margin.
The bee, having stored the aromatic oils in his back legs, can then fly off to mate with a female bee.
The flowering period occurs between April and August.
Semecarpus anacardium is a native of India, found in the outer Himalayas to Coromandel Coast.
This plant is cited in Flora Brasiliensis by Carl Friedrich Philipp von Martius.
Gentiana macrophylla is called Qin Jiao in Chinese.
Then the species included all of the individuals previously named C. quisqueyana, extending its distribution to the island of Hispaniola.
Common names include strict forget-me-not and blue scorpion grass.
Peraphyllum is most closely related to Amelanchier, Malacomeles, Crataegus, and Mespilus.
As of March 2015, five species are recognised by The Plant List:
Prosopis affinis is a species of flowering tree in the pea family, Fabaceae, that is native to Argentina, Brazil, Paraguay, and Uruguay.
The seeds are very slow in germinating.
In Great Britain it is confined to lowland regions in southern and central England and southern Wales, and is scarce and declining due to agricultural intensification.
It grows in bogs, wet savannas, swamps, and other wet habitat types.
Botanist Les Pedley named this group Racosperma, which was inconsistently adopted.
Inga saffordiana is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
Its other common names include dyer's whin, waxen woad and waxen wood.
It differs from C. cardunculus in that the leaf lobes and inner bracts of involucre are less spiny.
Echinodorus subalatus is a species of aquatic plants in the Alismataceae.
The Cynareae are a tribe of flowering plants in the daisy family and the subfamily Carduoideae.
It is known as algarrobo negro in Spanish, which means "black carob tree".
The species is cultivated as an ornamental plant for its silvery foliage.
It is a perennial herb of woodland edges, grassland and shady hedge banks.
It grows across Arizona into western New Mexico mountain ranges.
The leaf blade length can be between 40 to 300 mm.
Ferraria ovata Goldblatt & J.C.Manning - Cape Province
It grows in forests, at altitudes of around 300–1,100 metres.
The name derives from the Ancient Greek κρόταλον, meaning "castanet", and is the same root as the name for the rattlesnakes.
Mowing grass to a higher level will allow more competitive plants to thrive in the area.
Androlepis is a genus of epiphytes in the botanical family Bromeliaceae, subfamily Bromelioideae, native to Central America and southern Mexico.
^ a b Kew World Checklist of Selected Plant Families
The genus Cayratia comprises approximately 45 species of plants, some of which have utility value to people.
It is cosmopolitan in distribution, first described for modern science by Linnaeus in 1753.
It is native to the maquis shrublands surrounding the Mediterranean Basin north to Bulgaria and west to Portugal and the Canary and Madeira Islands.
Nuttallanthus was until the 1980s included in a wider circumscription of the genus Linaria, a genus now considered restricted to the Old World.
These are small to relatively large trees found in scrubs or semi-evergreen forests.
White flowers appear in late spring and early summer.
Dichanthelium scabriusculum Gould & C.A.Clark – woolly rosette grass, tall-swamp panicgrass
Trichostema  is a genus of flowering plants in the Lamiaceae family, which are aromatic herbs or subshrubs.
Najas malesiana W.J.de Wilde - India, Bangladesh, Indochina, Malaysia, Indonesia, Philippines; naturalized in eastern Brazil
It is native to northern South America.
A weeping form of the species that grows at Roxby Downs, South Australia bears the common name water myall.
Synonyms for the genus name include Calycomis D.Don.
The morphology of the flowers varies depending on their position in the capitulum.
Column is short, with a broad stigma.
Furthermore, the tree has also been introduced to Queensland.
Brasenia is a perennial aquatic plant with floating, peltate leaves and rhizomatous stems.
It is represented by a single currently accepted species, Dinema polybulbon, native to Mexico, Central America, and the Caribbean.
Archirhodomyrtus is a genus of flowering plants in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae, describe as a genus in 1941.
They can be sharply toothed along the margin or smooth.
The cactus is shaped like a small ribbed ball.
Spartina, commonly known as cordgrass or cord-grass, is a genus of plants in the grass family, frequently found in coastal salt marshes.
Ajuga nubigena Diels – Tibet, Sichuan, Yunnan
Acacia rostellifera, commonly known as summer-scented wattle or skunk tree is a coastal tree or small tree in the family Fabaceae.
Poa annua, or annual meadow grass, is a widespread low-growing turfgrass in temperate climates.
The leaves are generally 5-12 mm long and 2.5-5.5 mm wide.
This plant is extremely toxic to livestock and humans.
Fennel is used as a food plant by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species including in its native range the mouse moth and the Old-World swallowtail.
Papaver dahlianum, commonly called the Svalbard poppy, is a poppy species common on Svalbard, north-eastern Greenland and a small area of northern Norway.
The genus is named after Claude Aubriet, a French flower-painter.
The florist's cineraria is a hybrid between P. cruenta and P. lanata.
They have been recognized to present different flowers and shorter rhizomes than Yushanias.
Catechin-7-O-glucoside can be found in the stem barks of C. axillaris.
Iriartea is a genus in the palm family Arecaceae, native to Central and South America.
They occur particularly in the rainforests of Indonesia, Thailand, Cambodia, Laos, Vietnam, Malaysia, Northern India, the Philippines, Borneo and New Guinea.
It is one of the most affordable woods in Costa Rica despite its use in furniture, guitar marking, and other fine woodcrafts.
Broomrape seeds remain dormant in the soil, often for many years, until stimulated to germinate by certain compounds produced by living plant roots.
Contrary to the implications of one of its common names, wild celery bears little to no resemblance to the celery used as a vegetable.
The achenes are compressed and narrowly winged.
Despite its name, it is unrelated to the true olive.
It is a small plant growing up to half a meter high, bearing small, white or yellowish snapdragon-like flowers which are said to smell of apples.
During its life cycle it has one large nucleus.
Height is 2–3 feet with a spread of 1 to 1.5 feet.
Some species can be found in purple moor and rush pastures.
It is native to the Americas, but is now widely distributed and naturalized in tropical and subtropical regions worldwide.
Historically, the bark was widely used for toothache, colic, and rheumatism.
Blackcurrants can be eaten raw but are usually cooked in a variety of sweet or savoury dishes.
The plant is poisonous if ingested raw and potentially fatal to grazing animals and livestock such as horses, cattle, and sheep.
barbatus, sometimes also called bearded lupine, is a very rare plant of the Western U.S., known only from northeastern California and southeastern Oregon.
It is a deciduous shrub growing to 1-3 m tall, with purple-brown to yellow-brown shoots, turning pale grey on old stems.
It is a tree up to 20 m in height, with a short trunk, thick branches, and thick, peeling bark.
Eucalyptus  L'Heritier 1789 is a diverse genus of flowering trees and shrubs in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae.
Astrebla is a small genus of xerophytic grasses found only in Australia They are the dominant grass across much of the continent.
The genus was named after a former slave from Surinam, Graman Quassi in the eighteenth century.
^ a b c Kew World Checklist of Selected Plant Families
C. puniceus grows to around 2 m high, with spreading branches producing leaf stalks up to 15 cm long bearing several pairs of small leaflets.
It was named for Erik Viborg by Carl Peter Thunberg.
This family is almost cosmopolitan but concentrated in the Northern Hemisphere.
Several animals are, to a various extent, associated with stands of Guadua bamboo, for example several species of seedeaters, and the Amazon and Atlantic Bamboo Rats.
A fern is a member of a group of vascular plants that reproduce via spores and have neither seeds nor flowers.
The species grows to a height of up to 8 m and has a lifespan of about 25–50 years.
Ecologically the plant is important to many insects as a source of nectar and pollen, and as a minor browse to flocks and antelope.
It is borne on a peduncle roughly 3 to 26 centimeters long.
A few have become naturalized in other tropical regions.
Recent molecular studies suggest that Oligomeris, Randonia and Ochradenus all arose from within the ranks of Reseda.
It is named after the German botanist Julius Léopold Eduard Avé-Lallemant.
The APG II system of 2003 recognises the family and assigns it to the order Santalales in the clade core eudicots.
The rhizomes of Z. zerumbet have been used as food flavoring and appetizers in various cuisines while the rhizome extracts have been used in herbal medicine.
It grows in dry woodlands and forest edges and can reach 4–8 metres tall with stems 10–25 centimetres thick with smooth gray bark.
Glechoma hederacea L. – ground-ivy, creeping charlie - much of Europe, much of Russia, Central Asia, Xinjiang; naturalized in New Zealand and North America
They felt Siroi lily was the daughter of the goddess, which rules the Siroi hill.
It is native to the Mediterranean region plus Great Britain, the Netherlands, Crimea, Caucasus, Canary Islands, Madeira, and the Azores.
The specific name "petrophiloides" comes from the similar appearance of the leaves with the genus Petrophile.
The leaves are variable in size, mostly 10–17 centimetres long but occasionally just 8 centimetres or as much as 30 centimetres long.
Peucedanum palustre grows in wetlands, shallow water at the margins of rivers and estuaries and occasionally in ditches and other smaller water features.
Hottonia palustris of the family Primulaceae is an aquatic plant.
It has now become very scarce; only small amounts are available on the market as the region of growth is quite restricted.
These are fully to predominantly outcrossing, usually pollinated by species of solitary bees in the genera Panurginus, Andrena and Hesperandrina.
It is also a powerful hallucinogen and deliriant, which is used entheogenically for the intense visions it produces.
The flower blooms in mid-July to late August.
The plant is usually pollinated by moths or long-tongued bees and develops bright red berries.
G. paraguayense has white flowers which have a form of a star.
Lower pitchers have two fringed wings, whereas the upper pitchers usually lack these.
In the first year, they form a rosette of pinnate to tripinnate leaves and a tap root used as a food store over the winter.
Common names for plants in the genus vary widely according to region, variety, and whim, but frangipani or variations on that theme are the most common.
Lepidagathis is a genus of plants in the family Acanthaceae.
There are two species, M. balsamum and M. peruiferum.
Its leaves are arranged in a small, leafy rosette, from which one to four inflorescences emerge.
The exact origin is unknown, as A. caudatus is believed to be a wild Amaranthus hybridus aggregate.
Mirbelioids produce quinolizidine alkaloids, but unlike most papilionoids, they do not produce isoflavones.
Bambusa sesquiflora L.C.Chia & H.L.Fung - Thailand, Vietnam
It is found in Brazil and Colombia.
Common names include Texasplume, Anacacho orchid tree, and pata de vaca.
It has green arching foliage to 3 feet in USDA 8, with highlights of orange, copper, and gold, especially in drier soils.
The large range in leaf variation once divided T. latifolia into more than 10 species, which are currently considered to be one.
Madagascar ocotillo or Alluaudia procera, is a deciduous succulent plant species of the family Didiereaceae.
Leaves are 5 cm long and about 4 mm broad.
Codonopsis pilosula, also known as dang shen or poor man's ginseng, is a perennial species of flowering plant in the bellflower family.
It was published in 1890 by Ferdinand von Mueller, and named in honour of Sir Anthony Musgrave, Governor of Queensland from 1883 to 1888.
The broad, flat-topped inflorescence is a dense, apical corymb of 20-30 bright yellow flower heads, more or less bunched together.
They grow on a very short peduncle, 3–6 cm long.
Eucalyptus haemastoma is a small to medium-sized tree.
Gallberry nectar is the source of a pleasant honey that is popular in the southern United States.
Hybrids of red buckeye with yellow buckeye have also been found, and named Aesculus × hybrida.
There are over 1000 named cultivars of Caladium bicolor from the original South American plant.
Lonicera morrowii, the Morrow's honeysuckle, is a deciduous honeysuckle in the family Caprifoliaceae, native to Japan, Korea, and Northeast China.
Viburnum prunifolium is a species of Viburnum native to eastern North America, from Connecticut west to eastern Kansas, and south to Alabama and Texas.
Petals deeply notched and considerably longer than sepals.
The leaves are divided into five leaflets arranged pinnately, whence the name cinquefoil.
Gomphrena prostrata is a plant native to Caatinga and Cerrado vegetation in Brazil, specially in Bahia and São Paulo.
Joannesia heveoides Ducke - Amazonas State in Brazil
Due to their large size and small flowers, they are rarely cultivated.
It is often grown elsewhere as an ornamental plant.
Cinchona officinalis is a South American tree in the Rubiaceae family.
Acacia fimbriata, commonly known as the fringed wattle or Brisbane golden wattle, is a species of Acacia.
The genus was separated from Hibiscus in 1835 by Carl Borivoj Presl, who named it after Vincenz Franz Kosteletzky.
Eschweilera jacquelyniae is a species of woody plant in the Lecythidaceae family.
Spondias dulcis, known commonly as ambarella, or jew plum is an equatorial or tropical tree, with edible fruit containing a fibrous pit.
Rudraksha may be produced by several species of Elaeocarpus; however, E. ganitrus is the principal species used in the making of organic jewellery or mala.
Furcraea depauperata Jacobi - Mexico but apparently extinct
Epilobium canum, also known as California fuchsia or Zauschneria, is a species of willowherb in the evening primrose family.
They are mainly terrestrial plants with sympodial growth, but some are epiphytes.
Reports of the species in New England, New York, and the Pacific Northwest appear to be introductions.
It was brought from Japan to the United States in 1830's.
United States Fish and Wildlife Service has instituted a volunteer monitoring project, “Adopt-a-Swamp-Pink Population”.
This plant has been used as a trap crop to protect potatoes from potato cyst nematode.
The spelling Hieronyma has been conserved; the spellings Hieronima and Hyeronima are spelling variants of this name.
According to a leading expert, Professor James L. Reveal of the University of Maryland, its Kentucky population has been reportedly extirpated.
The inflorescence is 3–4 cm diameter, purple, with numerous disc florets but no ray florets.
Most of them evergreen vines of dry scrubland and thickets.
Members of the genus are known as beargrasses, some of which are cultivated as ornamental plants.
Wood betony, Stachys officinalis, was the most important medicinal herb to the Anglo-Saxons of early medieval Great Britain.
Popularity further climbed when Martha Stewart began featuring them in her recipes.
It is a perennial shrub found in Somalia and Yemen.
They are generally large evergreen perennials forming clumps of grey-green leaves, with tall flower-spikes to 1.5 metres.
It has sickle-shaped phyllodes up to 20 cm long, and perfumed cream-coloured flowers.
Poa palustris is a species of grass native to Asia, Europe and Northern America.
However, it is predominantly used by the Igbo ethnic group, who continue to cultivate the gourd for food sources and traditional medicines.
They are placed in the subfamily Pooideae and the tribe Stipeae.
It is an ornamental as well, serving as landscaping in areas such as California.
Sabatia stellaris, with the common names rose of Plymouth, marsh pink, salt-marsh pink, and sea-pink; is a species of Sabatia.
The pulasan, Nephelium mutabile Blume, is a tropical fruit closely allied to the rambutan and sometimes confused with it.
Maireana aphylla, also known as cotton bush or leafless bluebush, is a leafless shrub which is endemic to Australia.
It is shrubby and has densely clustered, erect, essentially leafless stems that are covered in wax to prevent transpiration.
Daucus is a worldwide genus of herbaceous plants of the family Apiaceae of which the best-known species is the cultivated carrot.
This plant contains the chemical gossypol, which reduces its susceptibility to insect and fungal damage.
Eremophila youngii is a flowering plant in the figwort family, Scrophulariaceae and is endemic to Western Australia.
The widely cultivated variety known as Hemiandra pungens var.
Floderus) - high altitudes in the mountains of central and northern Europe, leaves densely silky-hairy on both sides, 3–7 cm long, stipules early deciduous
These fissures are connected to sinkholes and are a conduit for the air flows.
Plants in closely related Zantedeschia are also called "arum lilies".
Azaleas make up two subgenera of Rhododendron.
The herbaceous plant is found amongst rocks on hills and cliffs throughout the northern regions of Australia.
Polygala tenuifolia is an herb in the family Polygalaceae which is hardy to USDA Zone 6.
Capparaceae – caper family, sometimes included in Brassicaceae
Monochaetum is a genus of flowering plants in the family Melastomataceae, native to warm temperate to tropical regions of the Americas.
Setaria leucopila, commonly known as streambed bristlegrass or plains bristlegrass, is a perennial prairie grass that is native to the southern plains of the United States.
Its name is from the Greek: apo, away and cyno, attributed to its toxicity.
However, the scientific classification of Cryptocoryne species is very complicated and there are different opinions about it.
This hybrid is also sometimes planted as a shade tree, and sometimes escapes from cultivation.
Wielandia is a genus of flowering plant, of the family Phyllanthaceae first described as a genus in 1858.
The plants themselves are long, limp, flat, and have a green mid-ridge.
The plant is considered a noxious weed in New York, Pennsylvania, Vermont, New Hampshire, Connecticut and Massachusetts.
Efforts are under way to reforest the area with huarangos.
Bossiaea is a genus in the pea family consisting of about 70 species which are native to Australia.
Carl Linnaeus named Petrea in honour of Robert James Petre, 8th Baron Petre of Ingatestone Hall in Essex.
Drimys brasiliensis Miers - southern Brazil to southern Mexico
It contains a glycoprotein molecule, with some trailing carbohydrate chains, called miraculin.
It is also known as burning bush, dittany, gas plant, and fraxinella.
Roots are smooth, without prominent root hairs.
Blue grama accounts for most of the net primary productivity in the shortgrass prairie of the central and southern Great Plains.
It is found only in New Zealand.
Nepenthes robcantleyi was once considered a dark, highland form of this species.
Many populations of Pterocarpus indicus are seriously threatened.
inermis Speg., Erythrina martii Colla), commonly known as the Brazilian coral tree, is a timber tree native to Atlantic Forest vegetation in Brazil, Paraguay and Argentina.
In cultivation, it has been confused with Disocactus ×hybridus, a hybrid between D. phyllanthoides and D. speciosus.
Holcoglossum amesianum Christenson - Yunnan, Assam, Mayanmar, Vietnam, Thailand, Laos, Cambodia
It was formerly included in the genus Vinca as Vinca rosea.
This plant is used by the local population, the Choco, as a piscicide.
It is found in Cameroon and Nigeria.
The creamy-white flowers in autumn are followed by bright red drupes around 3 cm in length in late winter.
The leaves are spirally arranged, 10–20 cm long and 2–3 cm broad with entire or serrated margins.
Muntries - also known as emu apples, native cranberries, munthari, muntaberry or monterry - are low-growing plants found along the southern coast of Australia.
Denmoza is a genus of cactus found in Argentina, comprising only 2 species.
The peony or paeony is a flowering plant in the genus Paeonia, the only genus in the family Paeoniaceae.
It is considered sacred to Japanese Shintō faith, and is one of the classical offerings at Shintō shrines.
Other common species are P. auricula, P. veris and P. elatior.
It occurs as distinct subspecies in two widely separated locations: B. conferta subsp.
Pyrus calleryana, the Callery pear, is a species of pear native to China and Vietnam, in the family Rosaceae.
However, among the Amaranthaceae, the genus Chenopodium is the namesake member of the subfamily Chenopodioideae.
It was recently assigned to the unranked, monophyletic Cladrastis clade.
The sowing rate for wall barley increases when seed production and forage increases.
It is widely cultivated in Southern and Southeastern Asia, where it has been traditionally used to treat infections and some diseases.
They may be closely or widely spaced through sympodial growth along the rhizome.
It is a small, sometimes shrubby tree growing to 6-10 m tall, with slender, arching branches.
From its geographical distribution, it is not surprising that it is hardy down to −15 degrees Celsius or more making it suitable for planting in Europe.
It is found in Indonesia, peninsular Malaysia, Sabah, the Philippines, Thailand and Vietnam.
It grows 1 to 2 meters tall, with an erect, unbranched, heavily leafy stem resembling a cornstalk.
Each flower has an elongated tubular corolla up to 5 centimeters long divided partway into two lips.
Physocarpus, commonly called ninebark, is a genus of flowering plants in the family Rosaceae, native to North America and northeastern Asia.
The plant has been cultivated in many parts of the world though when found among other crops it is considered a weed.
Inga jaunechensis is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
Also, Oreoporanthera has been subsumed into Poranthera, while Zimmermannia and Zimmermanniopsis have been sunk into Meineckia.
A large proportion of species are monocarpic and as such are notoriously difficult to maintain in cultivation.
The stems and foliage are usually hairy with appressed to ascending hairs 1.2 mm long, rarely some plants are glabrous.
Ontario, Quebec, New Brunswick and Nova Scotia.
Originally a native of the Mediterranean region, it is now grown commercially in several parts of the world for birdseed.
In the Isan dialect of Lao, the language of northeastern Thailand, it is called bai yanang or bai ya nang, or simply yanang or ya nang.
Inga canonegrensis is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
The young stems and prickles and the mature leaves tend to be very red with young growth a bright scarlet and older growth a deep maroon.
Zollernia are trees or shrubs that flower annually.
Most species have brightly coloured flowers which bloom from late winter through to early summer.
Some varieties have green leaves, while others, like Oxalis corniculata var.
Myrothamnaceae was included in order Hamamelidales in the Cronquist system.
Leymus ramosus - Eurasia from Crimea to Mongolia
William Hudson named Tofieldia for the British botanist Thomas Tofield.
It is the only member of the genus Andromeda, and is only found in bogs in cold peat-accumulating areas.
Vernicia fordii, usually known as the tung tree is a species of Vernicia in the spurge family native to southern China, Burma, and northern Vietnam.
It is a deciduous shrub 6–10 m tall, with stems up to 20 cm thick.
In the wild it grows hanging from trees and rocks so the flower spikes may emerge from the base of each pseudobulb.
The genus was named in honor of Jean Ruelle, herbalist and physician to Francis I of France and translator of several works of Dioscorides.
At least one species, A. cordifolia bears edible roots or tubers and leaves similar to those of Basella alba.
It is found throughout most of the North Island and from Banks Peninsula to central Westland in the South Island.
The type species Eupomatia laurina was described in 1814 by Robert Brown.
Hemigraphis is sometimes included in the genus Strobilanthes Commonly known as Red Ivy.
None of the varieties are commonly seen in cultivation.
Nolana is a genus of hard annual or perennial plants in the nightshade family.
The local Thai names are Bua Phut, Yan Kai Tom and Bua Tum.
Fagonia species have been used ethnobotanically by traditional practitioners under Ayurvedic and other healing regimes for many maladies.
Camellia japonica, known as common camellia or Japanese camellia, is one of the best known species of the genus Camellia.
In the sagebrush country, it is one of the first plants to flower after the snow melts.
Aspidosperma excelsum is a tree in the Apocynaceae family.
It is the sole species in the monotypic genus Lamprocapnos, but is still widely referenced under its old name Dicentra spectabilis.
It has also been introduced into Kenya and Zimbabwe and it is cultivated there.
Cyperus bulbosus is a species of sedge found across Africa, the Middle East, Indian subcontinent, Southeast Asia, and Australia.
Bambusa is a large genus of clumping bamboos.
It grows to up to 20 m, although it is typically more stunted in its native environment.
It grows in many types of local habitat, including grassland, chaparral, and oak woodland.
While most of them are native to the Canary Islands, some are found in Madeira, Morocco, and in East Africa.
Comparatively, horse gram seeds have higher trypsin inhibitor and hemagglutinin activities and natural phenols than most bean seeds.
At present, it has 7 recognized species, native to Asia and North America.
The plant produces flower heads one per side branch, each at the end of a long peduncle.
It is noted for its large yellow flower head.
Rumex palustris or Marsh Dock is a plant species of the genus Rumex.
Polygonella is a genus of flowering plants in the knotweed and smartweed family, Polygonaceae.
Aucuba species are native to eastern Asia, from the eastern Himalayas east to China, Korea, and Japan.
Alnus jorullensis is a medium-sized tree growing to 20–25 m tall.
The fruit is a dry five-valved capsule, with one to four seeds in each section.
Its different types are variously known as gram, or Bengal gram, garbanzo or garbanzo bean, Egyptian pea.
Salix vulpina is a species of willow native to Japan and southern Kuriles.
Southern strains have a large erect flower.
Inflorescences often show a small to very large number of showy, medium-sized to large flowers.
Although called a white oak, it is very unusual to find an individual specimen with white bark; the usual color is a light gray.
but red varieties exist but they are milder in flavour.
Agave mitis forms rosettes of blue-green to yellow-green, fleshy leaves up to 60 cm long.
It is a myrmecophyte, a plant that lives in ecological mutualism with ants.
Telopea speciosissima, commonly known as the New South Wales waratah or simply waratah, is a large shrub in the plant family Proteaceae.
Nepenthes ovata  is a tropical pitcher plant endemic to Sumatra.
When the former genus Arthrophyllum became part of Polyscias subgenus Arthrophyllum in 2010, Polyscias diversifolia was designated as the type for the subgenus.
Leucopogon neurophyllus- Veined Beard-heath or Mount William Beard Heath, Australia
Thus the new name maintains the original name's reference to Robert Brown.
Three other species in this genus are sources of vegetable ivory as well.
It resembles a plume thistle in that its flower is burr-shaped, but the flowers are metallic blue rather than mauve.
The wood is pale yellow to almost white with dark streaks, and it takes a nice polish.
It is an exclusively Asian genus of 28 orchids, growing in the alpine habitats of China, Japan, Korea, Vietnam, Thailand and the Kuril Islands.
It is found in Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines, and Thailand.
Hymenoxys helenioides - intermountain rubberweed - Arizona New Mexico Colorado Utah
This evergreen shrub reaches a height of about one meter.
Coptis quinquesecta is a species of goldthread native to Yunnan, China and locally in northern Vietnam.
It is classified as a hard fiber, along with coir, henequin and sisal.
Drosera brevifolia, is a carnivorous plant of the family Droseraceae and is the smallest sundew species native to the United States.
Abarema villifera is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
Flowers may be pale blue, violet, pink, bright red, or white.
It has been planted widely in Asia, especially in Nepal.
Acacia estrophiolata, commonly known as ironwood or southern ironwood, is a tree native to Central Australia.
The tree is endemic to Haiti, in the Caribbean.
It is abbreviated Thu in trade journals.
The English populations are sometimes distinguished as Linum perenne subsp.
The canes of the southeastern U.S. were originally described as two species of reed grasses in the genus Arundo by Thomas Walter in 1788.
So the leaves can be used in composting or can be saved and used as livestock feed.
Although C. cornuta is somewhat shade tolerant, it is more common in open forests than denser ones.
Geosiris aphylla is sometimes called the "earth-iris".
The name is in honor of Sir Trevor Lawrence, a former president of The Royal Horticultural Society.
It is a widely used as a medicinal plant in Ayurveda.
Hymenoxys ambigens - Pinaleno Mountain rubberweed - Arizona New Mexico
Salix chaenomeloides is a species of willow native to Japan, Korea and China.
It is endemic to the Amazon region in Brazil.
Anginon is a genus of flowering plant in the Apiaceae, with 12 species.
Fallopia schischkinii Tzvelev – Russian Far East
In northern Europe it has flowers from July until September.
Banksia concinna is a shrub endemic to Western Australia.
The inflorescence is an open, spreading cluster of 3 to 7 flowers each borne on a thin peduncle.
The simple leaves are arranged alternately along the branch.
It was described in more detail by Johannes Burman in his 1737 publication on the flora of Ceylon.
They are shrubs with leaves arranged in spirals or whorls about the stem.
The genus is native to Costa Rica, Panama, South America, and the Juan Fernández Islands.
Preferring sandy soils near watercourses, it grows to about two or three feet tall.
Coccothrinax argentea is a palm which is endemic to Hispaniola.
The Australian flowering shrub Grevillea alpina has several common names, including mountain grevillea, alpine grevillea, and cat's claws.
The name "allspice" was coined as early as 1621 by the English, who thought it combined the flavour of cinnamon, nutmeg, and cloves.
The tree is also known as "Tengo hambre, dame de comer perra".
The flowers are tiny and white with no petals.
The blue mahoe, Talipariti elatum, is a species of flowering tree in the mallow family, Malvaceae.
Ipomoea quamoclit is a species of vine in the genus Ipomoea native to tropical regions of the New World and naturalized elsewhere in the tropics.
Geraniums are eaten by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species including brown-tail and mouse moth.
It is host to the general oak-feeding insects but has no serious insect problems.
Cinnamomum is a genus of evergreen aromatic trees and shrubs belonging to the laurel family, Lauraceae.
The cylindrical inflorescence is up to 30 centimetres long.
The seed has an oil content of 31.5%.
Boletim do Museu de Biologia Mello Leitão 27: 21-53.
The bird that seems to be a pollinator of the plant is the malachite sunbird.
It thrives in disturbed areas with compacted soils in full sun.
It has been suggested that it should be merged with Tachigali.
The center of diversity is in the Cape Floristic Region.
The scales which represent the leaves also secrete water, which escapes and softens the ground around the plant.
As much of its original habitat has been destroyed or alienated it is now considered a very rare plant.
Southwestern Asia, Himalaya, at 2500-3700 m altitude.
This plant is cited in Flora Brasiliensis by Carl Friedrich Philipp von Martius.
The leaves are evergreen, alternate to mostly opposite, simple, and usually with an entire margin.
Coriaria is the sole genus in the family Coriariaceae described by Linnaeus in 1753.
The APG IV system of 2016, recognizes this family, and assigns it to the order Magnoliales in the clade magnoliids.
The family then includes over half a dozen genera, with only a few dozen species, occurring in Africa, in western South America and western North America.
Ferrocalamus is a genus of Chinese bamboo in the grass family.
Members of the genus are commonly known as burr cucumbers.
Genera: Chrysocycnis, Cyrtidium, Maxillaria, Mormolyca, Pityphyllum, Scuticaria, Sepalosaccus, Trigonidium
Hedera hibernica is a woody vine native to the Atlantic coast of Europe.
The family contains about 55 genera and 950 species.
Calicotome spinosa is a very spiny, densely branched shrub of the legume family Fabaceae which can reach up to three metres in height.
The difference in species numbers is due almost entirely to the difficulty of delineating species in the genus Nymphaea.
Some claim that other than the fruit, the plant is poisonous.
It is the tallest flowering plant and one of the tallest trees in the world, second to the coast redwood.
Astragalus cavanillesii is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
This plant is native to the Mediterranean region of Europe and Africa.
Neomicrocalamus is an Asian genus of bamboo in the grass family.
Traditionally included in the family Sterculiaceae, it is included in the expanded Malvaceae in the APG and most subsequent systematics.
The pollination is usually performed by insects, but wind pollination is also present.
Drosera adelae, commonly known as the lance-leaved sundew, is a carnivorous plant in the genus Drosera that is endemic to Queensland, Australia.
Fargesias are some of the world's hardiest bamboos, but they do not spread vigorously.
They are small, tufted, bushy or spreading plants growing to 10-45 cm tall.
There are 4 to 7 stamens and one style tipped with a two-lobed stigma.
The leaves are tough and stiff, whitish-green.
Origanum vogelii Greuter & Burdet - Turkey
It is found in Argentina and Bolivia.
Its flowers are bisexual or, by abortion, unisexual.
It generally matches that of extant Drosera in morphology.
The Grevillea leptopoda is a flowering plant originally found in Western Australia, mostly near Geraldton.
It grows in stands with other individuals of its species.
Common names include "bengal currant", "করমচা", karonda, karamardaka, kauLi hannu/ಕೌಳಿ ಹಣ್ಣು, kali maina/कालि मैना,karauna, vakkaya, Canta-(Konkani) maha karamba/මහ කරඹ, kilaakkaai/கிளாக்காய், มะม่วงไม่รู้หาว มะนาวไม่รู้โห่.
Corypha taliera is a species of palm, originally native Myanmar and to the Bengal region of India and Bangladesh, but now very close to extinction.
It is a small evergreen tree up to 15 m tall.
The name of the genus is derived from the Greek words σφαῖρα, meaning "sphere," and αλκεα, meaning "mallow."
The fruits have many culinary uses including pumpkin pie, biscuits, bread, desserts, puddings, beverages, and soups.
It locally called "Kerosene Wood or Turpentine Tree" - because its green branches and twigs burn readily.
It grows at 6,500 to 9,500 m elevation.
In the 1980s, the family was classified in the Violales under the Cronquist system; more modern classifications place them in the Caryophyllales.
– Suicide Tree - India, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, Andaman & Nicobar Islands, Indochina, insular Southeast Asia, Queensland, numerous Pacific islands
Condalia is a genus of spiny shrubs in the tribe Rhamneae of the buckthorn family, Rhamnaceae.
The male sunbird is twice as likely to perch on the stalk as the female and, on average, spends four times longer on a perch.
A nitrogen-fixing, perennial, leguminous climbing plant that grows in hedgerows, grasslands, the edges of woodland, roadsides and rough ground.
It is a hexaploid wheat, which means it has six sets of chromosomes.
It was known as Dryandra conferta until 2007, when all Dryandra species were transferred to Banksia by Austin Mast and Kevin Thiele.
Even more than its relatives, three-flower maple has spectacular fall colour that may include brilliant orange, scarlet, purple and gold.
P. crassifolium is considered to be "weeds in cultivation" in California.
bulbosum, onion couch or tuber oat-grass, distinguished by the presence of corms at the base of the stem, by which it propagates.
The leaves are palmately compound with 6–10 leaflets, each leaflet 1–4 centimetres long and 5–10 millimetres broad, on a 2.5–7 centimetres long petiole.
It is a columnar cactus, appearing either as a tree or shrub, ranging up to 4-5 meters in height.
It is found in Mozambique, Zambia, and Zimbabwe.
lutea, is a tree, a species of flowering plant in the family Anacardiaceae.
There is still a lot of confusion within the series.
Typhonium is a genus in the Araceae family native to eastern and southern Asia, New Guinea, and Australia.
It was described and named by Carl Linnaeus in 1753.
Lomatium macrocarpum is a perennial flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common names bigseed lomatium, biscuit root or even bigseed biscuitroot.
Cephalanthera × otto-hechtii G.Keller in G.Keller & al.
The common name is desert willow or desert-willow because of its willow-like leaves, but it is a member of the catalpa family, Bignoniaceae.
Clerodendrum was once a genus of over 400 species, but by 2010, it had been narrowed to about 150.
Clumps spread easily and produce plants that normally get to six feet tall.
Numerous cultivars have been developed for garden use, of which A. italicum subsp.
Nepenthes dubia  is a tropical pitcher plant endemic to Sumatra, where it grows at an altitude of 1600–2700 m above sea level.
Festuca pratensis, the meadow fescue, Spreng., Bucetum pratense Parn., Festuca fluitans L. var.
The larger families are roughly confined to the Northern Hemisphere, or are distributed worldwide, centering on the north.
Some smell like unburned candle wax, others like nutmeg, cardamom, or cinnamon.
The flowers appear in clusters at the ends of the stems.
The habit may also be as a herb.
However, U. gaussenii is now possibly the rarest and most endangered elm species, with only approximately 30 trees known to survive in the wild.
It typically grows in wet soils in a wide variety of habitats from bogs and fens to creek shores to ditches.
These flowers can grow to 2 cm long.
This plant is cited in Flora Brasiliensis by Carl Friedrich Philipp von Martius.
This was a monotypic genus containing only Kalmiopsis leachiana until 2007, when a form of it was elevated to species status, Kalmiopsis fragrans.
Once attached to a host, the broomrape robs its host of water and nutrients.
It is a member of the mint family.
It is found in Kenya and Tanzania.
Vachellia bucheri is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family found only in Cuba.
In older plants, the tendril can be almost woody.
Intolerance of wet, prolonged cold is the main reason the filifera species cannot grow properly in temperate marine climates.
Mertensia is one of several plants that are commonly called "bluebell".
Hypericum triquetrifolium, commonly called curled-leaved St. John's-wort, is a species of plant of the family Hypericaceae.
It was first described by John Lindley in 1821.
The kurrajong has been recorded as a host plant for the mistletoe species Dendrophthoe glabrescens.
Senna obtusifolia is a legume in the genus Senna, sometimes separated in the monotypic genus Diallobus.
The name Menyanthes comes from the Greek words menyein, meaning "disclosing", and anthos, meaning "flower", in reference to the sequential opening of flowers on the inflorescence.
italicum, which is found in central and northern Italy as well as in the Skopska Crna Gora mountains.
Populations on Eiao and Hatutaa are in a critically endangered state.
Congea tomentosa is a large tropical evergreen vine, commonly referred to as Wooly Congea, Shower Orchid, or Shower of Orchid..
The solitary axillary flowers are bell- or funnel-shaped, with five lobes and two lips.
It contains about 450 species, the best known being C. hirta.
They are evergreen shrubs or small trees growing to 3–9 m tall, related to Ligustrum, Olea and Osmanthus.
The common name "trout lily" refers to the appearance of its gray-green leaves mottled with brown or gray, which allegedly resemble the coloring of brook trout.
It is distinguished by its lobed, peltate foliage that is remarkably mottled when it first emerges in early spring.
The leaves are commonly opposite or whorled, but are spirally arranged in some species; in most, they are simple and lanceolate in shape.
The ideal conditions for P. racemosa are regular irrigation and bright sunshine.
It is one of the most common spices added to cuisines around the world.
The bark of the adult tree varies from medium grey to a red brown coloration.
Persea is a genus of about 150 species of evergreen trees belonging to the laurel family, Lauraceae.
It is widely distributed throughout India, Nepal, China, Thailand, and Brazil.
His description was based on plant material collected from the environs of the Swan River by James Drummond.
Sophora rapaensis is a species of flowering plant in the pea family, Fabaceae, that is endemic to French Polynesia.
For the butterfly genus, see Tigridia acesta.
Araeococcus is a genus of the botanical family Bromeliaceae, subfamily Bromelioideae.
The fruit is large, round and with a smooth hard shell, bluish-green in colour and turning yellow when ripe.
Illicium verum is a medium-sized evergreen tree native to northeast Vietnam and southwest China.
The circumscription of the genus has varied greatly.
The genus Tylosema is in the plant family Fabaceae and encompasses four accepted species of perennial legume native to southern and central Africa.
The genus Betula contains 30 to 60 known taxa of which 11 are on the IUCN 2011 Green List of Threatened Species.
Breynia L. 1753 is in the Capparaceae, but it is a rejected name.
Common names for it include Georgina gidgee, Georgina gidyea and poison gidyea.
Spathulatae for the species having spathulate cotyledons.
Numerous, scientific papers cite "Fagonia cretica" as the species studied.
The fruit is large, orange-skinned, white-fleshed, with a delicious tangy flavour somewhat like mandarin.
The fruit is the basis of blue raspberry flavor, a popular flavor for candy, syrups and other sweets.
Eulychnia is a genus of candelabriform or arborescent cacti, comprising between 6 and 9 species depending on the authority.
– China, Nepal, Bhutan, Assam, northern + eastern India, northern Indochina
A rapidly growing plant, it regenerates after bushfire by seed or suckering and can quickly colonise disturbed areas.
These trees respectively are known to the western world primarily as sources of the hallucinogenic snuffs Vilca/Cebil and Yopo/Cohoba.
The flowers are white, with a four-lobed corolla 5–6 mm long; they are borne in clusters 7–15 cm long in early summer.
The entire genus is endemic to eastern Brazil.
Other parts of the tree have been used traditionally as remedies and medicines.
For the song by Kate Bush, see Never for Ever.
interior Fernald & Griscom - Mississippi Valley
Several species formerly included have been moved to the genus Plectranthus.
While the crown is perennial, the canes are biennial, growing vegetatively one year, flowering and fruiting the second, and then dying.
Acrorchis is a monotypic genus from the orchid family, subfamily Epidendroideae, tribe Epidendreae, subtribe Laeliinae.
It is a very characteristic tree in local culture and folk because of its vivid visual presence, propagation, and ancient ethnomedical uses.
It is one of several plants known by the common name wandering Jew.
André Michaux, working in 1803 and unaware of Walter's work, correctly interpreted the canes as a distinct group and created the genus Arundinaria with one species.
Like many other flowering plants growing in the understory of tropical rainforest, it does not have palisade mesophyll tissue or low leaf photosynthetic rates.
They are mostly trees and shrubs, with milky sap and fruits or capsules for seeds.
Sageretia randaiensis is a small woody shrub.
The flowers are white and arranged in an umbel.
Herbaceous peonies are also sold as cut flower on a large scale, although generally only available in late spring and early summer.
It grows at 1500–2100 m elevation in moist meadows to open woodlands and the unique pebble plain habitat of the area.
It is endemic to the Klamath Mountains, in Del Norte County, California, and Curry County, Josephine County, and Jackson County, Oregon, in the United States.
Himatanthus is a genus of flowering plant in the family Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 1819.
It is best known for its uses in herbal medicine.
Cadellia is a monotypic genus of trees in the botanical family Surianaceae.
The pods are papery, about three millimetres wide.
Spirostachys africana is a medium-sized tall) deciduous tree with a straight, clear trunk, occurring in the warmer parts of Southern Africa.
The species is named after the fictional country Lilliput where all the inhabitants are minute.
It has a red flower reminiscent of a strawberry.
In other words, someone else had already applied the name to a different plant, so this one had to be renamed.
The edible leaves are used as a vegetable throughout Africa.
The coarse character of the hairs is due to cystoliths of silicon dioxide and calcium carbonate.
It belongs to the section micranthus and is closely related to Pinguicula variegata.
The plant has one simple erect stem, which is green with purple dots or longitudinal dashes.
It was first scientifically described by H.G.L.
Alyxia is an Australasian genus of flowering plant in the dogbane family, Apocynaceae.
They have a strong fragrance similar to sweet woodruff due to their high content of coumarin.
The rim of the crown usually has hairs.
This is also the only Cephalanthera species entirely dependent on symbiotic mycorrhizae for its nutrition.
The pods are flat and curved, up to ten centimetres long and one centimetre wide.
These organs are subterranean leaves, which lack chlorophyll.
It is also considered native throughout most of Canada, and the northern United States in disjunct populations in southern California, Arizona, Missouri, South Carolina and Utah.
It is native to a widespread area of eastern North America, in both Canada and the United States.
Banksieaephyllum attenuatum - possibly not a member of proteaceae.
Being epiphytic, bromeliads can grow almost anywhere - on the side of a tree or planted in the ground.
It was found during the 1990s at Jepson Prairie Preserve, an area dedicated to conserving vernal pool habitat, but it may no longer exist there.
The scientific name Photinia is also widely used as the common name.
Plathymenia reticulata is a species of legume native to much of eastern South America.
The leaves are evergreen, alternate, simple, elliptical, up to 15 cm long, with a serrate to serrulate margin.
It was known as Dryandra foliolata until 2007, when all Dryandra species were transferred to Banksia by Austin Mast and Kevin Thiele.
Originally described by French botanist Jean Louis Marie Poiret, it gained its current name in 1969 by A.C. Smith.
Solanum georgicum and Solanum hyporhodium were included in this species, but they are generally treated as distinct today.
They are found at high elevation habitats of Andean Argentina and Chile.
The small flowers are arranged in spherical to cylindrical inflorescences, with only the stamens prominent.
Allium moly, also known as golden garlic and lily leek, is a Mediterranean plant in the Amaryllis family.
They are found in Australia and New Guinea.
They appear in summer, and by autumn, the female flowers develop into spiny cupules containing 3–7 brownish nuts that are shed during October.
The tubers resemble a horn or claw.
It is closely related to the cashew.
They are valued in horticulture for their racemes of showy, fragrant, colorful flowers.
Rosaceae, the rose family, is a medium-sized family of flowering plants, including 4,828 known species in 91 genera.
The flower has a usually five-lobed calyx.
Manchineel is also known as the beach apple.
The genus is widespread across tropical, subtropical, and warm temperate regions in Africa, Eurasia, Australia, the Americas, and assorted oceanic islands.
Nemastylis geminiflora is a perennial herb also known as the prairie celestial and prairie pleatleaf.
Most are widespread in tropical and subtropical regions, less so in temperate climates.
It was previously classified in the monotypic genus Angasomyrtus as Angasomyrtus salina.
It is dioecious, and the female trees bear fruit directly on the trunk and large branches.
Scottish botanist Robert Brown described the species in 1810, and seven subspecies are recognised.
The flowers are 18–25 mm long, dark violet, rarely pale yellow.
The genus was named in 1798 by Sir James Edward Smith in honour of English botanist Aylmer Bourke Lambert.
Populations also exist in the Piedmont and mountains of North Carolina.
The genus is also present in several Pacific Islands and two species have been found in Australia.
Apocynum species are used as food plants by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species, including the mouse moth and the Queen butterfly.
Most species are endemic to Australia although some are found as far from there as the Philippines and Indonesia.
It is known in Madagascar as "Bontaka".
Hysteric complaints have been completely cured by the constant use of this tincture.
Barringtonia payensiana is a species of woody plant in the Lecythidaceae family.
They generally have loose skin and are easier to peel than oranges, readily distinguished from them by a characteristic "nipple" at the stem.
Sanicula europaea is a perennial plant of the family Apiaceae.
Few organisms can survive like D. salina does in such highly saline conditions as salt evaporation ponds.
Echinops  is a genus of about 120 species of flowering plants in the family Asteraceae, commonly known as globe thistles.
S. dunlopianum is most closely related to S. rotundifolium, but differs most significantly by its thickened stem base and growth habit.
^ a b c Kew World Checklist of Selected Plant Families
It forms a dense lawn with abundant, long-lasting flowering.
Sideroxylon reclinatum, the Florida bully, is a small tree in the family Sapotaceae.
Prunus americana has often been planted outside its native range and sometimes escapes cultivation.
The short stem supports up to three opposing pairs of elliptical or lanceolate leaves.
The species of Aichryson are not frost-resistant.
The scientific name derives from the 19th century Portuguese geologist Fernando da Costa Leal, who described the Bottle tree during an exploration in southern Angola.
It grows to around 30 to 60 cm in height and has very slender, bronze-green leaves.
In terms of human use it is, together with camel thorn and leadwood, one of the three regionally important firewood trees.
Austrodanthonia pilosa H.P.Linder – Smooth-flower Wallaby-grass, Purple-awned Wallaby-grass, Velvet Wallaby-grass
In late summer an unbranched stem of about 10–15 cm tall is produced with approximately four sheath-shaped leaves.
Camwood is known as "osun" in Yoruba.
Banksia lullfitzii is a species of shrub in the plant genus Banksia.
Orthosiphon parvifolius Vatke - Ethiopia, Tanzania, Kenya, Uganda
Hypericum  is a genus of flowering plants in the family Hypericaceae.
The white, pink or purple flowers are minute to medium-sized.
It grows 30 to 45 cm tall, with leaves that are palmately veined, with a scalloped and serrated margin.
The fruits have a long hair crown.
Didelotia unifoliolata is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
It grows up to 15 m tall and is usually solitary.
The family is named after the type genus, Lythrum, the loosestrifes and also includes henna.
Hershey reviewed the flaws in Temple's dodo-tambalacoque hypothesis.
Staminate flowers are borne on long-stalked catkins at the tip of old wood or in the axils of the previous season's leaves.
Bauhinia augusti is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
subcordata, Klamath plum, is also found in Washington.
Commelinaceae is a family of flowering plants.
It grows well on infertile sandy soils due to its spreading root system.
P. gigantea has a few different forms, such as the 'white flower' form or the 'blue flower'.
It comprises 2 subtribes and 7 genera.
The family consist of 17 genera and around 44 known species.
The Latin name is in honour of Lucile, the wife of the Swiss botanist Pierre Edmond Boissier.
This oat is native to Eurasia but it has been introduced to most of the other temperate regions of the world.
Triadica sebifera, also known as Sapium sebiferum, is commonly known as the Chinese tallow, Chinese tallowtree, Florida aspen, chicken tree, gray popcorn tree, and candleberry tree.
The tree's pungent leaves have a similar flavor to bay leaves, though stronger, and it may be mistaken for bay laurel.
The upper portion of the inflorescence has a series of yellowish, urn-shaped flowers that face downward.
Common names include feijoa, pineapple guava and guavasteen, although it is not a true guava.
More than 80% of the species in this order belong to the Rubiaceae family.
Common names include shooting star, American cowslip, mosquito bills, mad violets, and sailor caps.
Adenium is a genus of flowering plants in the Apocynum family, Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 1819.
Species in the genus are commonly referred to as wheatgrass.
Due to new genetic research, it has now been placed in the vastly expanded family Plantaginaceae.
Vanda luzonica is found in the regions of Zambales Mountains, Bulacan, Tarlac and Rizal.
The flowers are produced in daisy-like inflorescences, with yellow to yellowish-purple florets.
Hepatica is a genus of herbaceous perennials in the buttercup family, native to central and northern Europe, Asia and eastern North America.
All species are native to southern and eastern Asia.
Pachypodium saundersii, the Kudu Lily, is a succulent plant belonging to the Apocynaceae family.
Commonly known as cream garland-lily or yellow ginger, it grows up to 2.5 meters high.
Ophthalmoblapton macrophyllum Allemão - Rio de Janeiro
Growing to 8 m tall and broad, it is an evergreen shrub or small tree.
The genus Osteospermum is also closely related to the small genus Chrysanthemoides, such as C. incana and C. monilifera.
Mentha vagans is known by the common name of grey mint.
During the rain season, as the riverbed or bog fills up, the bulb will sprout leaves and flowers.
Linnaeus described the species in the first edition of his landmark work, Species Plantarum, in 1753.
It is a small tree, reaching 8–9 m in height and developing a round form with slender branches, and often with multiple trunks.
Cultivated cherry plums can have fruits, foliage, and flowers in any of several colours.
In addition, it is useful for beekeeping.
Sapium is a genus of flowering plants in the family Euphorbiaceae.
They are present in much of China, south to northern Laos and Vietnam and are long cultivated elsewhere in eastern Asia, notably in Japan and Korea.
Like other orchids, Goodyera repens' lives in symbiosis with a mycorrhiza, a rhizome-dwelling fungus.
Thamnocalamus spathiflorus Munro - Tibet, Bhutan, India, Nepal
It is considered a threatened species in Florida.
It is found in Cameroon, Equatorial Guinea, and Gabon.
It may reach a meter in height.
Species of Romnalda grow naturally in Queensland and Papua New Guinea.
The flowers are large and conspicuous, 3-11 cm diameter, with 5 white petals; flowering is in mid to late summer.
Andira galeottiana is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
Teasel is also considered an invasive species in the United States.
Their creeping, fleshy rhizomes grow offshoots, from which then emerge the 20–70 cm long stems during the next spring.
The pink flowers resemble a miniature Snapdragon and are followed by a hairy green fruit which is said to resemble a weasel's snout.
It is widely distributed in the southwestern and southern parts of South Africa in the fynbos region.
Inga species, most notably Inga edulis often have edible pulp.
It comprises annuals, evergreen perennials and subshrubs native to the Old World.
Bambusa ramispinosa L.C.Chia & H.L.Fung - Guangxi
Deadhead spent flowers to encourage additional bloom and/or to prevent any unwanted self-seeding.
Most species are native to South America, but some are found in Eurasia and North Africa.
Rhapis gracilis, or Slender Bamboo Palm, is a multi-stemmed palm tree native to southern China.
It has been heavily exploited for its strong, dark red, resinous wood, which is useful for the construction of buildings, bridges, boats, and telephone poles.
The fragrant, orchid-like flowers are usually 10 to 15 centimetres across, and bloom from early November to the end of March.
The petals vary in size, shape, and color.
It is a tree about 10 metres tall, occasionally reaching 30 metres.
The fruit is a legume pod up to 1.7 centimeters long which contains seeds.
Hanguana is a genus of flowering plants with a dozen known species.
Marlierea is a genus of flowering plants in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae described as a genus in 1833.
Holcus mollis, known as creeping soft grass or creeping velvet grass, is a species of grass, native to Europe and western Asia.
Takhtajania is found in a small area of the Madagascar subhumid forests.
It is a mint species within the genus Mentha, native not only to Tasmania but also to Queensland, New South Wales, Victoria, and South Australia.
pitkinense, is federally listed as an endangered species.
Some older classifications include these genera in the banana family.
[1] It grows in rare portions of New York State and in portions of the Driftless Area.
It is native to southern Europe, north Africa and southwest Asia, where it is found on neglected, damp patches of land.
It is native to the Americas, especially in the Andes of South America.
Colpothrinax is a genus of palms native to Central America and the Caribbean.
Depending on the species and cultivar, the leaves may taste somewhat like anise, with a strong, pungent, often sweet smell.
Hemigraphis is a genus of plants in the family Acanthaceae, consisting of about 30 species native to tropical Asia.
Inga approximata is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
Hakea purpurea is a shrub which is endemic to Queensland and New South Wales in Australia.
It is native to Cuba and Panama.
It is an evergreen shrub with shiny dark green to bronze leaves.
It is a slender deciduous tree that reaches a height of 15–20 m but is usually smaller.
Monardella robisonii Epling ex Munz - Mohave Desert of southeastern California
The European Union has granted the refined oil of the seed of Buglossoides arvensis novel food status and some farmers are growing it.
The genus was later divided, with its species distributed amongst three genera: Neoshirakia, Shirakiopsis , and Triadica.
It is endemic to southern Europe and northern Africa.
It occurs along the south coast of Western Australia.
The Noble Orchid is an orchid found in temperate locations of East Asia including Japan, China, Taiwan and South Korea.
Osmanthus range in size from shrubs to small trees, 2–12 m tall.
Asteranthos is a genus of woody plant in the Lecythidaceae family.
The Noongar peoples know the tree as Biara, Boongura or Peera.
Isotria medeoloides, commonly known as small whorled pogonia or little five leaves, is a terrestrial orchid found in temperate Eastern North America.
Barbeuia madagascariensis is a liana found only on the island of Madagascar.
Common names for it are whitethorn and witdoring.
"The dalbergioid legumes: delimitation of a pantropical monophyletic clade".
It is called x̣áwš in the Sahaptin language, and qáamsit and qáaws in the Nez Perce language.
In the Tortuguero region of Costa Rica, where Manicaria saccifera is plentiful, local people know this palm as "Palma Real", or "Royal Palm".
Dichorisandra paranaensis D.Maia, Cervi & Tardivo - Paraná
The western mountain banksia or mountain banksia is a species of shrub in the plant genus Banksia.
The genus is native to Indonesia, Malaysia, and Papuasia.
The genus is named for the French botanist Henri Perrier de la Bâthie.
It contains 13 species from tropical and subtropical climates that range in size from tiny herbs to massive trees.
It is extremely shade tolerant, and thrives in a wide range of soils.
In New South Wales it grows in moist areas such as gullies and around watercourses as well as in tall Eucalyptus forests and sandy coastal scrub.
Hymenoxys richardsonii - pingue rubberweed, Colorado rubberweed - Alberta, Saskatchewan, Montana Idaho Wyoming Utah Colorado New Mexico Arizona Texas Nebraska North Dakota Nevada
Caryocar amygdaliferum is a plant native to the rain forests of the Choco region of Colombia and Panama.
The leaves are simple or divided, with one or more narrow leaf blades up to 11 centimetres long and 2 centimetres wide.
Utricularia are cultivated for their flowers, which are often compared with those of snapdragons and orchids, especially amongst carnivorous plant enthusiasts.
Flowers are quite inconspicuous and have a sweet and light fragrance of honey.
It is a native to the lowland rainforest and moist fringe forests in the savanna zones of Africa.
It is very hardy and being capable of growing under adverse conditions of soil and moisture.
The entire genus is endemic to Madagascar.
Common greenbrier climbs other plants using green tendrils growing out of the petioles.
They originate from sunny limestone mountainsides in Europe and West Asia, especially Turkey.
Geranium maderense, known as giant herb-Robert or the Madeira cranesbill, is a species of flowering plant in the Geraniaceae family, native to the island of Madeira.
It has a characteristic nutty flavor, dark green color, and soft texture, and is popularly served as salad greens.
Limnophila aromatica is a tropical flowering plant in the plantain family, Plantaginaceae.
Acer macrophyllum, the bigleaf maple or Oregon maple, is a large deciduous tree in the genus Acer.
They can grow to a height of 1-1.5 m. The foliage is herbaceous.
The fruits are four three-sided, nutlets, and sometimes topped with hair, sometimes glabrous.
Chemical compounds isolated from the genus include isoflavones, flavanols, glycosides, pterocarpans, chromone, and ursolic acid.
Its fruits shape varies from round to oval with a point.
A recent systematic study has shown that this genus is paraphyletic.
Cyanotis cerifolia R.S.Rao & Kammathy - southern India
Additionally, an aliphatic nitro compound extracted from the root was found to have antimicrobial and antiviral effects in vitro.
New growth is a paler lime green and very attractive.
This plant was previously classified as Agonis juniperina but is now part of the Taxandria genus.
It is still drunk today and was, after the Spanish conquest of Yucatán, considered a less harmful alternative to the alcoholic beverages imported by the Europeans.
Vallaris × uniflora = Euphorbia × uniflora
Prestoea is a genus of palms native to the Caribbean, Central and South America.
Often called wishbone flowers, bluewings; in Hawaii nanioola'a or ola'a beauty, some species are grown as garden plants.
The plant was introduced to North America in the 1970s due to Vietnamese immigration following the Vietnam War.
That plant died, but some seedlings sprouted from 2011 rains.
The genus is native from east Asia south to northern Australasia.
Some species lack ray florets, but some have 5 to 20 or more, usually in yellow or orange, but occasionally white or purple.
Flowering stems appear from the bulbs in March and April, and the leaves develop later.
In the Cronquist system, Boraginaceae and Lennoaceae were placed in Lamiales, and Hydrophyllaceae in Solanales.
The flower is mostly pink in color, but some darker, more purple variations have been recorded.
It is native to Africa, Asia, and Europe, and it has been introduced widely.
With a minimum temperature of 7 °C, this plant is often cultivated as a houseplant in temperate regions.
It is found in Guinea and Senegal.
In Africa, it is usually cooked as a leafy vegetable.
C. floribundum can grow to 30 m tall.
It is occasionally used by the marsh fritillary as a foodplant instead of its usual foodplant of devils bit scabious.
A substantial, long-lived deciduous tree, it produces an edible seed, the chestnut, which has been used in cooking since ancient times.
These species are widespread across Mexico, Central America, the West Indies and South America.
Echinopsis oxygona is native to South Brazil, Uruguay and northern Argentina.
The colors vary from blue to purple, pink to red, or white.
One plant can produce as many as 450 small yellow flower heads in a large, showy array.
Bonania is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1850.
It is a perennial rhizomatous grass native to east and southeast Asia, India, Micronesia, Melanesia, Australia, and eastern and southern Africa.
The grain is currently also being bred for commercial use in Australia.
Hebe traversii Allan and the synonym Veronica traversii Hook.f. )
This imposing and unusual tree is endemic to the island of Madagascar, where it is an endangered species threatened by the encroachment of agricultural land.
The translucent seedpods bear 3–10 opaque black, pear-shaped seeds, 2.5 mm in diameter.
Epacris is a genus of about 35–40 species of flowering plants in the family Ericaceae.
There are flattened green whiskers at the base of the husk of the nut.
The only portions that appear above ground in April to May are the short flower-bearing shoots, which bear a spike of two-lipped dull purple flowers.
In his Carnivorous Plant Database, taxonomist Jan Schlauer treats N. gantungensis, N. leonardoi and N. mira as heterotypic synonyms of N. deaniana.
The palms are occasionally cultivated as a cash crop.
The stems have reflexed hairs and swollen nodes.
During flowering phase, the Scarlet Sterculia is quite prominent and presents a brilliant sight because of its orange-red flowers against a leafless state.
Bactris gasipaes is a species of palm native to the tropical forests of South and Central America.
Eleusine indica is closely related to Eleusine coracana, and the diploid E. indica is likely an ancestor of the allotetraploid E. coracana.
The plant is very sensitive to higher temperatures and so is often in misty foggy habitat.
Dendrosenecio battiscombei is one of the giant groundsels that lives on the slopes of Mount Kenya and the Aberdare Range.
Humiriaceae is a family of evergreen flowering plants.
Handroanthus albus, the Golden Trumpet Tree, is a tree with yellow flowers native to the Cerrado of Brazil, where it is known as ipê-amarelo-da-serra.
Leaves are dull grey-green, alternate and covered in soft grey hairs.
Bilacunaria is a genus of flowering plant in the Apiaceae, with four species.
Dicentra canadensis, the squirrel corn, is a flowering plant from eastern North America with oddly shaped white flowers and finely divided leaves.
Most cultivated forms will tolerate some small degree of frost, but extremes of cold or heat will cause them to lose foliage and die.
Other companies connected with the airline used the same logo until the Mount Cook Group was disbanded in 1989.
Heliconia stricta is a plant species native to Brazil, Colombia, Venezuela, Ecuador, Peru, Bolivia, Guyana, Suriname, reproducing by seeds and by underground rhizomes.
Aspidosperma tomentosum is a timber tree native to Brazil, Bolivia, and Paraguay.
The genus Bridelia was named in the honor of Samuel Elisée Bridel-Brideri by the German botanist Carl Ludwig Willdenow.
Marginal importance of the fruit, locally used and sold.
Colanthelia cingulata McClure - Santa Catarina, Paraná, São Paulo
Halimium is a genus of 12 species of evergreen or semi-evergreen subshrubs in the family Cistaceae, closely related to Cistus.
It is evolutionarily significant as a relictual group closely related to grasses.
It characteristically forms dense, extensive carpets on the floor of woodlands and beneath hedgerows.
Storckiella australiensis J.H.Ross & B.Hyland – Only known in the luxuriant rainforests of the Queensland Wet Tropics lowlands), Australia
The prickly leaves are 2.5 to 12 cm long and 0.2 to 0.8 cm wide.
It is also known as Orthosiphon aristatus.
The APG II system, of 2003, also recognizes this family and assigns it to the order Santalales in the clade core eudicots.
Most were formerly treated in the genus Carica, but have been split out on genetic evidence.
It has been successfully pruned into a standard form as well as small dwarf-like trees up to 15 feet in height.
It is commonly found growing in areas of slightly higher soil moisture such as in drainage lines and on the banks of rivers and creeks.
It contains only one known species, Pachystylidium hirsutum, found in eastern India, Indochina, the Philippines, Sulawesi, the Lesser Sunda Islands, and Java.
Quinoa is closely related to the edible plants beetroot, spinach, and amaranth, another pseudocereal which it closely resembles.
In 2010, Alex George published a review of the species based on recent research and described a number of new subspecies.
Aronia arbutifolia, called the red chokeberry, is a North American species of shrubs in the rose family.
Butterflies and other nectar-feeding insects find the flowers highly attractive.
Some references suggest that there is only one member of this genus, Fevillea cordifolia.
The leaves are narrow and up to 27 cm in length.
Geraniums will grow in any soil as long as it is not waterlogged.
The leaves are evergreen, broad lanceolate, 15–50 cm long and 2.5–7 cm broad, with an acute apex.
Olearia lyallii is a New Zealand plant from the genus Olearia.
Parsley is widely used in European, Middle Eastern, and American cooking.
The white, cream or occasionally pale-pink flowers are most abundant in the winter or spring but can occur sporadically throughout the year.
It associates as an understory tree with longleaf pine and other pine stands on sandy knolls in the southeastern United States.
Tigridia illecebrosa Cruden - central + southern Mexico
The fallen fruits are consumed and dispersed by sambar and barking deer.
Lilium regale is a long-lived, stem-rooting bulbous plant.
Many cultivars with double flowers or variegated leaves are also available.
Moricandia ramburii commonly known as violet cabbage, a native of the Mediterranean, is cultivated as a garden flower.
Several chemical derivatives of camptothecin are under investigation for or used as drugs for cancer treatment, including irinotecan, topotecan, rubitecan.
The family contains approximately fourteen species divided between two genera, Phyllospadix and Zostera totalling 22 known species.
The plants are known to be poisonous to domestic animals such as cats, dogs, and horses due to their brunfelsamidine content.
Disadvantages include a low volunteering rate, and difficulties establishing by direct seeding.
Baccharis  is a genus of perennials and shrubs in the aster family.
Pouteria is a genus of flowering trees in the gutta-percha family, Sapotaceae.
This is true whether Malvidae is circumscribed broadly to include eight orders as in APG III, or more narrowly to include only four orders.
The tannin content of the bark is approximately 18%.
The fruit is a soft greenish-yellow to blue-black pod-like follicle up to 10 cm long and 3 cm diameter.
Banksia hookeriana, commonly known as Hooker's banksia, is a species of shrub of the genus Banksia in the family Proteaceae.
As a special subset of ebony, Makassar ebony is even more valuable.
It is endemic to the Cordillera Guajiquiro in southwest Honduras.
Besides P. ginseng, many other plants are also known as or mistaken for the ginseng root.
However along with Sarracenia psittacina, this species readily colonizes drainage ditches along highways throughout the gulf states providing a somewhat more sustainable albeit less natural habitat.
Koompassia grandiflora is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.
Their leaves are often lobed and both petioles and stipules are generally present.
Lobelia deckenii plants usually produce multiple rosettes.
The Faboideae are a subfamily of the flowering plant family Fabaceae or Leguminosae.
Its species are native to Mexico, Central America, and Texas.
