The play premiered at the Steppenwolf Theatre in Chicago on June 28, 2007, and closed on August 26, 2007.
She never gives up, and both her dreams, however delusional, and her tough, oppositional spirit remain unspoiled even by the end of the play."
The Misunderstood Civilization is a classic work of the Late Bulgarian revival period in the end of 19th century.
That controversial sheer dress that was referred to as "Jayne Mansfiled and a few sequins".
A Broadway production followed in 1931, and the play has been revived at least a half dozen times each in the West End and on Broadway.
The title is an allusion to F. R. Leavis's 1952 collection of essays Scrutiny: The Common Pursuit.
Thérèse Raquin [teʁɛz ʁakɛ̃] is a novel and a play by the French writer Émile Zola.
Although many people sing "to grandmother's house we go," the original edition shows that the author's words were "to grandfather's house."
Due to the complications in staging a piece containing the narrative of three books, the play was performed in two parts in alternate performances.
The play is named after the Beijing neighbourhood, at the time being presented as a model of socialist reconstruction.
Bedroom Farce is a 1975 play by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn.
Doctor Who and the Daleks in the Seven Keys to Doomsday was a stage play based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.
Almost, Maine opened Off-Broadway at the Daryl Roth Theatre on January 12, 2006 and closed on February 12, 2006.
It was a notable vehicle for Helen Hayes.
The play explores cultural anthropologist Derek Freeman's reaction to Margaret Mead's famous book Coming of Age in Samoa.
It was written when McNeil was in prison.
It dramatizes the refusal of six dead soldiers during an unspecified war—who represent a cross-section of American society—to be buried.
Nathan the Wise is a play published by Gotthold Ephraim Lessing in 1779.
Bel Geddes was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Actress in a Play.
The play contains multiple roles for several of the actors.
Hopkins was in turn replaced by Gladys George.
The Regent was long rumored to have an incestuous relation with his elder daughter, Marie Louise Élisabeth d'Orléans, Duchess of Berry.
The 1961 film adaptation of the same name, written and produced by Stevens, stars Susan Hayward, James Mason and Julie Newmar.
It closed there on June 17, 1944, having played 1,444 performances.
The play premiered at McCarter Theatre in Princeton, New Jersey in 2012, followed by an Off-Broadway production later the same year.
The play scams and deceives to the very end, while emphasising the truth repeatedly.
Turandot or the Whitewashers' Congress is an epic comedy by the German modernist playwright Bertolt Brecht.
Picon Pie was an Off-Broadway musical written by Rose Leiman Goldemberg and produced by Edmund Gaynes.
The play is published by Nick Hern Books.
In addition, second century Greek rhetorician Athenaeus noted that within "the satyr play Amphiaraus," Sophocles had a character who "dances the letters."
The work was composed circa 1582 and was apparently very successful in the years before the advent of the playwright Lope de Vega.
The play is one of O'Neil's major experimental works, mixing expressionism and realism, and the use of an unreliable narrator and multiple points of view.
Despite the success of its first performance, the production disgusted Chekhov himself.
The four-act play, set in 1830's St. Petersburg aristocratic society, highlights the rebellious spirit and noble mind of the protagonist, Yevgeny Arbenin.
Trafford Tanzi is a play by Clare Luckham.
It was nominated for two Tony Awards for Best Play and Best Performance by a Leading Actress in a Play for Laura Linney.
The play concerns two men, John and Charles, who plan on defrauding Miss A out of her inheritance.
"Happy Birthday to You", more commonly known as simply "Happy Birthday", is a song that is traditionally sung to celebrate the anniversary of a person's birth.
After touring the British provinces, the play opened the new Phoenix Theatre in London in 1930, starring Coward, Gertrude Lawrence, Adrianne Allen and Laurence Olivier.
In 2013, it won the Tony Award for Best Play and the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Play, among other awards.
The lead role of Merrick was originated by David Schofield in a definitive performance.
Hapgood is a play by Tom Stoppard, first produced in 1988.
McKellen first performed the recital in Scandinavia in 1980 and later performed it throughout the world.
Unlike most Ayckbourn plays, this play was only produced once, largely due to the technical demands and lack of suitability for end-stage theatres.
As was the law at the time, the play was vetted by the Lord Chamberlain's Office and passed for performance.
The series has a 10-episode companion web series entitled Torchwood: Web of Lies, referenced on the Starz website related to the series.
The townspeople of Esparreguera, a town northwest of Barcelona, get involved every year to carry out the festival.
During 1997 the play had a successful run at the Duchess Theatre in London's West End.
Described as a "combustible powder keg of identity politics," the play depicts racial and ethnic prejudices that "secretly persist in even the most progressive cultural circles."
The critic from Time magazine praised the play, saying that :
The world premiere was staged at the Royal Court Theatre in London on 9 July 1991, directed by Lindsay Posner.
The Fourposter is a 1951 play written by Jan de Hartog.
Swamp Creatures was a play by the Australian author Alan Seymour.
Bill Irwin and Mark O'Donnell also adapted the play, as Scapin, in 1995.
Pressure is a play written by David Haig.
Bug is a play by American playwright Tracy Letts.
The characters are two women: a "Mrs. X", who speaks, and a "Miss.
The plot is about an Irish soldier in the British army returning home after winning the Victoria Cross.
The play was adapted into a feature film of the same name by Cinema Center Films in 1970.
Brecht had asked Gustaf Gründgens to direct, with scenic design by Caspar Neher and music by Siegfried Franz.
She falls in love with the charming leading character who, unknown to her, is dying of cancer.
Through ruse and disguises, the prince and a trusty female servant manage to break up the relationship, resulting in two marriages.
It is Ridley's seventh stage play for adults and premiered at the Soho Theatre, London in 2008.
The script calls for five actors to portray ten characters.
It played in London and New York in 1906 with Lena Ashwell in the lead role.
The play is set in the Trinidadian town of Couva.
The play never opened on Broadway, as West had planned.
It was probably first produced during the 470s BCE.
Travels with My Aunt is a 1989 comedy adapted by Scottish dramatist by Giles Havergal from the Graham Greene novel of the same title.
The play's title, taken from a folk song, refers to a 19th-century escapist vision of utopia.
In The Blood is a play written by Suzan-Lori Parks which premiered at The Joseph Papp Public Theater in 1999.
The play was first performed as a curtain raiser to Endgame at the Royal Court Theatre, London, directed by Donald McWhinnie and starring Patrick Magee.
For both Broadbent and Rea, this was the first of several collaborations with Leigh.
An HBO Special of Greater Tuna, produced by Embassy Television and Norman Lear, was aired in 1984.
The characters' relationships come to be hindered by the caustic nature of their words, as much of the dialogue includes insults and arguments.
This is For You, Anna is a 1983 play devised by a collective of women based out of Toronto theatre company Nightwood Theatre.
Schneider was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Direction of a Play but lost to Mike Nichols for Plaza Suite.
It concerns the battle between an Argive army led by Polynices and the army of Thebes led by Eteocles and his supporters.
It was written in 1938-39 as an "educational history film" for film director Gabriel Pascal in the aftermath of Pygmalion's cinema triumph.
It examines the nature of honesty and uses various constructs, including a play within a play, to explore the theme of reality versus appearance.
It was his first play and the first literary work for which he used the pen-name Voltaire.
It is the only one of Sartre's fictional works which deals directly with Nazism, and also serves as a critique of the then-ongoing Algerian War.
Alexander Rupert Fiske-Harrison is an English prize-winning author and journalist, broadcaster and conservationist.
Long Day's Journey into Night is a drama play in four acts written by American playwright Eugene O'Neill in 1941–42 but first published in 1956.
Baker's version was revived in April 2007 at the Donmar Warehouse with Rupert Evans as Valentin and Will Keen as Molina.
The performance is focused on the everlasting love story of Emperor Ming of the Tang Dynasty and his favorite consort Lady Yang.
A final scene in Las Vegas in the 1980s sees them finally reach a truce.
It was developed from dialogue gleaned from interviews, biographies and archive footage.
At the beginning and end of the play, and for most of the scenes set in Serge's flat, the large white painting is on prominent display.
Defending the Caveman has been seen in theaters around the world by more than eight million people in forty-five countries.
Tony Award nominations went to the play, Brown, and Frey; the play also received a Drama Desk Award nomination as Outstanding New Foreign Play.
It is expanded from their original 2003 London incarnation and their Brookline, Massachusetts 2009 collaboration with Boston's American Repertory Theatre.
It ran for 29 performances from October 24, 1928 to November 1928 at the Little Theatre.
The Other Shore is a play by the Chinese writer Gao Xingjian.
Such anti-clerical thoughts, which had been already said by the poet in numerous lyrical works, were summed up in the play.
Set in a small town in Alabama in 1900, it focuses on the struggle for control of a family business.
Last of the Red Hot Lovers is a comedy by Neil Simon.
Rapid Transit had a prologue and six scenes.
The play is based in part on Rattigan's own wartime experiences.
It premiered on 5 November 1981 at the Greenwich Theatre, London, and transferred to the West End in March 1982.
The tetralogy finished in 3rd place, behind tetralogies by Euphorion, who won 1st prize, and Sophocles.
The play was written in Italy and a first edition of 1,250 copies was published on 14 November 1867 by the Danish publisher Gyldendal in Copenhagen.
Ross is a 1960 play by British playwright Terence Rattigan.
In 1980, Slade adapted his play for a feature film directed by Bob Clark, with Lemmon recreating his performance in the lead role.
Kate Mailer additionally appeared on the April 1986 Vanity Fair cover as the Marilyn Monroe character in Strawhead.
The play was first written and performed as Fiddlers Five, which toured briefly in 1971 after opening in Bristol.
Mistero buffo is a series of brief monologues with Biblical themes, drawn from the Biblical apocrypha and popular tales of the life of Christ.
It is noted that, at the beginning of the 1920s the play had a great success.
Its English première was at the first Malvern Drama Festival in August 1929.
The play was recreated for a July 5, 1953, hour-long radio adaptation on the program Best Plays.
Shortly after their wedding, a supernatural event tests the strength of their love and commitment to each other.
Marian Seldes appeared in every single performance of the Broadway run, first in the role of Hesther and then as Dora.
The play takes its title from the nursery rhyme Humpty Dumpty.
Female characters were removed, and irrelevant scenes or minor arcs were cut to move the plot forward.
The play focuses on critical issues including child abuse and rape and how they are overcome by a strong belief in God.
The play concerns a group of private school sixth formers during their A Level mocks exams.
Song of Songs is an English adaptation of the play Cantique des Cantiques written in 1938 by the French dramatist Jean Giraudoux.
The main play is a pastiche of the drawing room comedies in vogue at the time.
Mr Puntila and his Man Matti is an epic comedy by the German modernist playwright Bertolt Brecht.
The play was written in 1938 and received its first theatrical production at the Zurich Schauspielhaus, opening on 9 September 1943.
In 1968, the play was adapted by Williams into the film Boom!, co-starring Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton, and directed by Joseph Losey.
Game premiered at the Almeida Theatre in London, England.
is an arena stage show based on the BBC TV programme Doctor Who.
It ran from March 25, 1990 to December 23, 1990 with a total of 286 performances.
Edward Phillips, author of the "Theatrum Poetarum," assigned it to Robert Greene, but this attribution is dubious.
In 1891 Constantin Stanislavski achieved success when he directed the play for his Society of Art and Literature organization.
The play was first produced for the City Dionysia of Athens in 428 BC and won first prize as part of a trilogy.
The Power of Wealth is a 1900 play by W. J. Lincoln.
The Coming of Stork was the first play written by David Williamson.
Cohan adapted it as a film in 1917, and it was adapted for film six more times, and later for TV and radio.
It was first performed at Covent Garden Theatre on 17 January 1775.
Mamet later adapted his play into a film of the same name.
The actor had upstaged him or done something.
The Homecoming is a two-act play written in 1964 by Nobel laureate Harold Pinter and it was first published in 1965.
The Boys in the Band is a play by Mart Crowley.
It won The Laurence Olivier Award for Best New Comedy that same year.
The play has much in common with Iphigenia in Tauris, one of the playwright's later works.
Retitled The Fatal Alibi, the play was first presented on Broadway in February 1932; the production was directed by Laughton, who reprised the role of Poirot.
Much of the story revolves around issues of aging and the breakdown of communication over divisions of age and class.
Combining many contemporary references with a streamlined turn of the original story, it was commissioned by the Trinity Repertory Company in Providence, Rhode Island.
Putnam, the Iron Son of '76 is an 1844 American play by Nathaniel Bannister, and his most popular play.
Grumpy Old Women Live is a stage show based on the BBC television series Grumpy Old Women.
It deals with the exile of Napoleon I on Saint Helena.
The process started as a short play that would be put on for the student body and the community.
Williams made substantial excisions and alterations to the play for a revival in 1974.
Angels in America: A Gay Fantasia on National Themes is a play in two parts by American playwright Tony Kushner.
La Ronde is a play written by Arthur Schnitzler in 1897 and first printed in 1900 for his friends.
The play was the first in Uhry's Atlanta Trilogy, which deals with white Jewish residents of that city in the early 20th century.
The Cocktail Party is a play by T. S. Eliot.
It was written as a favour to the author, who was a friend of Shaw's.
Over the period of time, various stage actors like Bal Gandharva, Vishnupant Pagnis, Bhalchandra Pendharkar have performed the lead role of Sharada.
Shaffer also adapted his play for a 1977 film of the same name.
Between the three works, Lesage created a comedy in three acts.
The trilogy formed the core of Tolstoy's reputation as a writer in the Russia of his day and as a dramatist to this day.
It constituted "the greatest dramatic success of eighteenth century France".
The story is supposed to be a microcosm of 1970s Australian society.
Money is a comic play by Edward Bulwer-Lytton.
The future Madame Mao was also among its many performers.
The plot is based on the Hindu epic Mahabharata.
Winterset is a play by Maxwell Anderson.
Act II shows what could happen when the restrictions of both the comic genre and Victorian ideology are loosened.
It was Abbott's first big hit on his way to becoming "the most famous play doctor of all time" after he "rejiggered" Dunning's play.
Geography Club is a play by American playwright and author Brent Hartinger, based on his novel Geography Club.
It was released as the third single in Australia, New Zealand and selected European countries, and the fourth single in France.
Its Broadway premiere, directed by Arthur Hopkins, is considered one of the highpoints of Expressionist theatre on the American stage.
The Triumph of Love is a three-act French comic play by Pierre de Marivaux.
How I Learned to Drive is a play written by the American playwright Paula Vogel.
The play was first developed at the Eugene O'Neill Theater Center's 1983 National Playwrights Conference and premiered at the Yale Repertory Theatre in 1985.
A House Not Meant to Stand is the last play written by Tennessee Williams.
The play made its Off Broadway premiere at the Nuyorican Poets Café on September 11, 2009.
It was Osborne's only attempt to write a musical, intended as a social satire on high-society gossip columnists.
The Pittsburgh Public Theater show has had several revivals since its inauguration, with each production performed by Pittsburgh native Tom Atkins.
The Polish State Jewish Theatre revived the play, using the original title The Treasure, in 1949.
Apollo returns as the papyrus breaks off.
Landscape is a one-act play by Harold Pinter that was first broadcast on radio in 1968 and first performed on stage in 1969.
The second manuscript is the Codex Palantinus 287, thought to be from the fourteenth or fifteenth century.
The show was a success and in December 1891 it premiered in Moscow's Maly theatre.
With a few exceptions, the actors mime actions without the use of props.
A Large Attendance In The Antechamber is a one-man play by Brian Lipson about Francis Galton the English scientist, statistician and founder of the eugenics movement.
Operator is a play by David Williamson.
The beginning of it is lost to history, and so is often reconstructed in modern-day adaptations using contextual clues as well as twenty surviving fragments.
The Mousetrap opened in London's West End in 1952, and has been running continuously since then.
Trinummus is a comedic Latin play by the early Roman playwright Titus Maccius Plautus.
The play has been made into a television miniseries, and an opera by Peter Eötvös.
The Importance of Being Earnest, A Trivial Comedy for Serious People is a play by Oscar Wilde.
Its main storyline involves an embittered Falstaff being drawn into a plot to kill Henry V of England.
In Euripides' play, however, it appears Oedipus is blinded by Laius, a servant of his father and Oedipus' predecessor as king of Thebes.
As such, it does not include the character of the Doctor, the TARDIS or any other elements from the Doctor Who television series.
Fat Pig is an American play by Neil LaBute.
In 1976, Robert Altman wrote and directed a screen adaptation called Buffalo Bill and the Indians, or Sitting Bull's History Lesson.
The School of Night is a play by Peter Whelan.
It is notable for being Terry Nation's first live action attempt to exercise his ownership of the Dalek concept independently of the BBC.
The Philanthropist is a play by Christopher Hampton, written as a response to Molière's The Misanthrope.
It was initially produced by Tom Walls and ran for 12 weeks.
Tsamere then comes out of character and does a routine about bulbs around mirrors in dressing rooms.
The play was a 2006 finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for Drama.
The play is divided into four acts,.
In the introduction to the Penguin edition of the play, Williams directs the reader to use the Anglicized pronunciation "Cá-mino Réal."
Although the evening runs less than two hours, most of it is padding designed to space out the delayed plot revelations.
It is a dialogue between a man and his lawyer about the man's wife.
For some time the play has been also referred to as The Bankrupt, which was its original title.
The play was published in 1966 by Mercier Press.
Beyond the Fringe was a British comedy stage revue written and performed by Peter Cook, Dudley Moore, Alan Bennett, and Jonathan Miller.
This House is a play by James Graham.
It relies heavily on the audience for many scenes inside Mr Accousticus' house.
The drama received an appreciative critical response, with one review in Bengali newspaper Anandabazar Patrika calling it a remarkable step in Bengali theatre.
In 2006, the centennial of Ibsen's death, A Doll's House held the distinction of being the world's most performed play for that year.
The five characters include seemingly benign Harry, highly opinionated Jack, cynical Marjorie, and flirtatious Kathleen.
Together with Mankind and The Castle of Perseverance, it forms a collection of early English moralities called "The Macro Plays".
Stirling was nominated for a Laurence Olivier Award for Best Performance in a Supporting Role for her role as Rebecca.
The anthropomorphized insects allow the writers to comment allegorically on life in post-World War I Czechoslovakia.
Priyadarsika is a Sanskrit play attributed to king Harsha.
Mr A's Amazing Maze Plays is a play written by Alan Ayckbourn in 1988.
Venus is a play by Suzan-Lori Parks.
Travesties is a 1974 play by Tom Stoppard.
It is host to feature articles longer than those typically in the newspaper and has attracted many notable contributors.
Love the Sinner is a play by Drew Pautz.
Most of the play was lost by the end of the Antiquity, and only 90 verses, grouped into 29 fragments, currently survive.
Jarry made some suggestions regarding how his play should be performed.
It is developed by Capcom Vancouver and published by Microsoft Studios.
They are designed to be staged simultaneously, with the same cast in adjacent auditoria, and were published together as House & Garden.
The supporting cast included Nan Martin, Alexis Smith, Jill Eikenberry, Miles Chapin, and Peter Weller.
Most of the play's humor involves jokes about Jewish stereotypes with occasional humor about body parts and bodily functions.
It was later revived with such actresses as Marilyn Miller and Eva Le Gallienne.
Thus, the play is often concerned with portraying the contrast between European and American culture.
The two plays were subsequently published as Before Anger, with a foreword by Peter Nichols.
For this reason, Victoria Regina could not be staged until the centenary of Queen Victoria's accession, 20 June 1937.
Set in a remote village in the Karoo, the play depicts the trials and tribulations of a young girl called Thozama.
Sonata is a one-act play by Indian playwright Mahesh Elkunchwar about friendship between three women.
What I Did Last Summer is a play by the American playwright A.R.
No Sex Please, We're British is a British farce written by Alistair Foot and Anthony Marriott, which premiered in London's West End on 3 June 1971.
The volume was written to raise awareness of social problems and criticize capitalist behaviour.
Loot was Orton's third major production, following Entertaining Mr Sloane and the television play The Good and Faithful Servant.
The playwrights depended upon Books 1, 2, and 4 of Virgil's Aeneid as their main source.
Marisol is a play in two acts written by the Puerto Rican playwright José Rivera.
In the original version of the play, a single performer plays all nine characters.
It is about three storytellers, Great Aunt Repetitus, Uncle Erraticus, Uncle Oblivious, who trap six players in twisted re-interpretations of fairy tales.
The drama is notable in the Ibsen corpus for introducing the portrayal of Hilde Wangel who is again portrayed in Ibsen's later play The Master Builder.
Nine Parts of Desire is a play written by Heather Raffo.
The Musical Jigsaw Play is a 1994 family musical by Alan Ayckbourn and John Pattison.
Between Foxrock and a Hard Place is a 2010 play by Paul Howard, as part of the Ross O'Carroll-Kelly series.
They soon are followed by Agnes and Tobias's bitter 36-year-old daughter Julia, who returns home following the collapse of her fourth marriage.
Serge, indulging his penchant for modern art, buys a large, expensive, completely white painting.
The play is the only work by Osborne to be set in the United States.
The cast included Steckel himself, Karl Paryla and Wolfgang Langhoff.
The play was filmed in 1978 by Robert Enders, with Glenda Jackson, Mona Washbourne, Alec McCowen and Trevor Howard.
They discuss their lives and loves, argue, and Masha threatens to sell the house.
Half of the family supports a return to Africa and Garveyism, while the other half of the family seeks the American Dream.
A revival set in Harlem and performed with an African American cast was well received.
Tsar Fyodor is written in blank verse and was influenced by the work of William Shakespeare, Casimir Delavigne, and Edward Bulwer-Lytton.
From 2 May to 29 June 2013, Travels with My Aunt is being staged at London's Menier Chocolate Factory, starring David Bamber and Jonathan Hyde.
China Doll is a two-act play by David Mamet about political corruption and brutal violence.
Marivaux published it in the Conservateur journal in November 1757.
The play was turned into a 1936 film of the same name.
The Best Man is a 1960 play by American playwright Gore Vidal.
Jadoo Teri Nazar is a Marathi play directed by Mangesh Kadam and written by Ratnakar Matkari.
He also trained and worked for some years as a Method actor.
Yentl is a play by Leah Napolin and Isaac Bashevis Singer.
It was included in Burns Mantle's The Best Plays of 1927-1928.
The Old Familiar Juice is an Australian play by Jim McNeil.
Since 1957 it has been in permanent showing at Paris' Théâtre de la Huchette, on an Ionesco double-bill with The Bald Soprano.
Eight years after this play failed, Chekhov returned to the work.
Starring Alison Steadman and David Troughton, it reportedly took over £1m in advance ticket sales.
Rich Relations is a 1986 play by American playwright David Henry Hwang.
Each rises from a mass nameless grave to express his anguish, the futility of war, and his refusal to become part of the "glorious past".
Katyar Kaljat Ghusali is a Marathi musical play, originally released in 1967.
It was first published into English in 1997 and translated again in 1999.
This is the last time Welles and Houseman, co-founders of the Mercury Theatre, ever worked together.
The play is a comedy/drama, which is set in Atlanta, Georgia, in December 1939.
4.48 Psychosis is a play by British playwright Sarah Kane.
Modern Dance for Beginners is a play for two people written by British playwright Sarah Phelps.
Marivaux makes use of several traditional lazzi as well.
It was first performed in 1996 at London's Gate Theatre, directed by the author.
The Blue Bird is a 1908 play by Belgian playwright and poet Maurice Maeterlinck.
9, September 1871 issue of Otechestvennye Zapiski.
Kami, Perempoean is a 1943 stage play in one act by Armijn Pane.
It is considered a pioneering example of the genre known as verbatim theatre.
It is a fervent plea for religious tolerance.
Mamet has stated that the intended "theme is race and the lies we tell each other on the subject."
After two more showcase productions it opened on Broadway in 1977.
The False One is a late Jacobean stage play by John Fletcher and Philip Massinger, though formerly placed in the Beaumont and Fletcher canon.
The Territory became the U.S. state of Arizona in 1912.
Dinner with Friends is a play written by Donald Margulies.
As the title of the play suggests it is about helping people and explores some of the difficulties inherent in this or in being helped.
It was premièred as the Stephen Joseph Theatre's 1998 Christmas production to mark the 1999 National Year of Reading.
It is the second of two surviving tragedies by Euripides where the family of Herakles are suppliants.
The Sketchersons were again nominated for the award in 2008, 2009, 2010, and 2013.
The play opened in the West End at the Duchess Theatre on 12 August 1958 after a previous try-out at the Bristol Hippodrome.
Commedia Beauregard produced the play from 2007 to 2010 in Minnesota and in Chicago from 2010 to 2014.
It consists of two acts, An Englishman Abroad and A Question of Attribution.
This was actor Russell Collins' Broadway debut.
John Bull's Other Island is a comedy about Ireland, written by George Bernard Shaw in 1904.
Miller first conceived of the idea in 1994, when he was performing in a production of Macbeth.
The original Broadway play starred Maureen Stapleton, Phyllis Love, and Eli Wallach.
The play was based in part on the life and autobiography of the Lebanese communist militant, Soha Bechara.
Shaw's own pro-feminist views are never articulated by characters in the play, but instead it ridicules the arguments of the anti-suffrage campaigners.
In ancient Greek mythology, Pygmalion fell in love with one of his sculptures, which then came to life.
Liberality and Prodigality is a morality play by an unknown author from c.1567.
The British playwright Mark Ravenhill based his Some Explicit Polaroids on Toller's play.
Triptolemos is a lost play of Sophocles.
The play was originally performed at Bangalore.
It was directed by Harry Kondoleon, with Phoebe Cates and Keith Szarabajka.
It was first produced in 438 BCE in a tetralogy that also included the extant Alcestis and the lost Cretan Women and Telephus.
The Post Office is a 1912 play by Rabindranath Tagore.
I lost a great deal of face."
Deaf actors from the UK were involved as understudies including Jean St Clair, Sarah Scott and Terry Ruane.
After widespread belief that Mamet could only write for men, the playwright released this play, which centers exclusively on women.
Even the author himself told me such a suggestion was not intended.
The Shoemaker is a play written by Susan Charlotte, first staged at the off-Broadway Acorn Theater on 24 July 2011.
The National Theatre production was directed by Howard Davies.
Andromaque, the third of Racine's plays, written at the age of 27, established its author's reputation as one of the great playwrights in France.
The play was first staged on Broadway at the Maxine Elliott Theatre in 1934, produced and directed by Herman Shumlin.
The play won the 1989 Pulitzer Prize for Drama.
Underneath the Lintel is a play by Glen Berger that premièred in 2001.
My Redbreast is a 2012 play by Georgian playwright Miho Mosulishvili.
In 2013 the play was revived at the Harold Pinter Theatre in London's West End, again directed by Ian Rickson.
After Aida is a 1985 play-with-music by Julian Mitchell.
It was the first English-language production of the play, starred future husband-and-wife team Laurence Olivier and Joan Plowright, and was directed by Orson Welles.
In February 2007 Hall returned again to the play directing a new production with his Theatre Royal, Bath company.
He said, "It was funnier from behind than in front, and I thought that one day I must write a farce from behind."
It takes place over roughly a two-month period and consists of brief vignettes about the men's lives.
Following eleven previews, the Broadway production opened on November 8, 1979, at the Ethel Barrymore Theatre, where it ran for 396 performances.
Some critics consider it the third of a Family Trilogy which includes Curse of the Starving Class and Buried Child.
Woods promoted the controversy to increase ticket sales, and the play was one of the most successful of the season.
Driving Out a Devil is an early one-act farce by the 20th-century German dramatist Bertolt Brecht.
It was first performed as an anonymous piece, the authorship of which was to be kept secret.
It was also adapted for radio and TV.
The show received a generally positive critical response and earned the 2006 Drama Desk Award for Unique Theatrical Experience.
The play won the 1978 Pulitzer Prize for Drama.
It was first staged in 1980, and has since been adapted as a TV series and staged by several companies, including amateur groups.
Its performance was forbidden by the church during Lessing's lifetime; it was first performed in 1783 at the Döbbelinsches Theater in Berlin.
It opened off-Broadway in December 2005 at The Coop Theatre Company in Los Angeles and is published by YouthPlays,Inc.
Twelve Dreams is a 1981 play by James Lapine which was inspired by a case study contained in Carl Jung's book Man and His Symbols.
Le Bourgeois gentilhomme satirizes attempts at social climbing and the bourgeois personality, poking fun both at the vulgar, pretentious middle-class and the vain, snobbish aristocracy.
It was written in 1878, shortly after his arrival in London at the age of 21.
The housekeeper and Bernarda's elderly mother also live there.
It would be my dearest dream to get her doing one of my parts.
Che'r Cycle is a Bangladeshii Bengalidrama written by Mamunur Rashid, directed by Faiz Zahir staged by Bangla Theatre from Dhakaas a tribute to Che Guevara.
It was a hit, running for two consecutive seasons before going on tour.
I Can Do Bad All by Myself is a 1999 play directed by, written by, and starring Tyler Perry.
The play was published in 1967 in London and New York by Oxford University Press.
Sugawara was first performed as a puppet play in August 1746 at the Takemoto-za in Osaka, debuting on the kabuki stage the following month in Kyoto.
Butterflies Are Free is a play by Leonard Gershe.
Sizable fragments of other satyr plays have been discovered, like Sophocles’ Trackers and Aeschylus’ Net-fishers.Cyclops is found in two manuscripts: The Codex Laurentianus, or Florentinus, xxxii.
Although the musical enjoyed good ticket sales, critical reaction was lukewarm.
Vanities is a comedy-drama stage production written by Jack Heifner.
The Invention of Love received both the Evening Standard Award and the New York Drama Critics Circle Award for Best Play.
The White Devil is a revenge tragedy by English playwright John Webster.
The film stars Geraldine Page, Carlin Glynn, and Rebecca DeMornay.
The play won the Obie Award for Best New American Play in 2013.
Later in the 1969 season, it was given a commercial production that was a long-running success.
It was first performed at the Hôtel de Bourgogne in 1636 and published in 1639.
It opened on Broadway at the Ambassador Theatre on October 26, 1970 and closed on July 3, 1971, after 243 performances and 14 previews.
Halfway Up the Tree is a comedy play about a British general who pretends to be a hippie.
Once a Catholic is a play by Mary O'Malley.
According to Richard Freeborn, the play is commonly regarded as Turgenev's only major work for the theatre.
Red Noses is a comedy about the black death by Peter Barnes, first staged at Barbican Theatre in 1985.
Cistellaria is a comedic Latin play by the early Roman playwright Titus Maccius Plautus.
The play also had a production at the Delacey Street Theater in Pasadena, California in 1982.
The theatrical production is dedicated to narrating the stories of war heroines from their perspective.
The play was a major hit in 1933, playing a significant role in turning its director and leading man John Gielgud into a major star.
Within the Law is a play written by Bayard Veiller.
The Squaw Man has had four Broadway revivals, in 1907, 1908, 1911 and 1921.
The fourth and fifth acts evolve into a tragicomedy with their episodes of rivalry, imprisonment, and even death.
The duality of Mr. Puntila is an example of Brecht's use of the literary device, the split character.
The Milk Train Doesn't Stop Here Anymore is a play written by Tennessee Williams.
The novel was based on research by the author as well as a visit to the penal settlement of Port Arthur, Tasmania.
It opened at the Prince of Wales Theatre in London's West End on 15 May 1928, starring Charles Laughton as Hercule Poirot.
The only person who approved of it at the time, Ibsen later said, was his wife.
Walter Slezak and Jayne Meadows played Elliott and Nell, and the director was Jerome Chodorov.
The Retreat from Moscow is a play written by William Nicholson.
Weiss was an observer at the trials and developed the play partially from the reports of Bernd Naumann.
It ran for 224 performances from October 23, 1933 to May 1934 at the Plymouth Theatre.
The Cave is a play written by English novelist and artist Mervyn Peake in the mid-1950s.
The original production was directed by Michael Grandage and performed by Alfred Molina as Rothko and Eddie Redmayne as his fictional assistant Ken.
A "claustrophobic piece that draws the audience"
It was first staged at the Royal Court Theatre, London, on 10 September 1988, directed by Max Stafford-Clark.
After the Rain is a play by John Griffith Bowen, based on his 1958 novel about a 200-year flood.
The original cast included John Castle, Tony Selby, Ronald Pickup, Dennis Waterman, William Stewart, Barbara Ferris, Lucy Fleming, Gwen Nelson and Alison Fraser.
Moby Dick—Rehearsed is a two-act drama by Orson Welles.
However film rights were sold to Warner Bros for $500,000.
The "game" pits the two false servants against the two false masters, and in the end, the couples fall in love with their appropriate counterpart.
It is the first of Alan Ayckbourn's plays to have alternate plotlines depending on decisions made during the plays.
A tragedy that is one of the author's least-known works, it was written during the sixth year of the Great Depression.
It is the second installment of his decade-by-decade chronicle of the African-American experience, The Pittsburgh Cycle.
The original Broadway production was directed by Krasna, starred Otto Kruger and only ran for 8 performances.
Following generally enthusiastic reviews The Party ran for six months at the New Theatre and has occasionally been performed in repertory since.
It premiered in 2008 and still runs in repertory at Tel Aviv's Givatayim Theater and Cameri Theater.
13 Rue de l'Amour is a French farce by Georges Feydeau.
A Free Man of Color is a play by John Guare.
Based on the deuterocanonical Book of Judith, Hebbel's adaptation presents a heroine who oversteps the boundaries of proper womanhood as defined by his 19th-century upbringing.
So he asked Duryadhona to perform sacrifice and at the sacrifice, Duryadhona took a bath and asked for gurudakshini.
Others consider it part of a quintet which includes Fool for Love and A Lie of the Mind.
The play, a sex comedy, was a Broadway theatre success with a run of over 700 performances; the film, a box-office failure.
U.S. novelist Mary McCarthy praised its "remarkable delicacy".
In a twist characteristic of Shaw's love of paradox, Dudgeon sacrifices himself in a Christ-like gesture despite his professed Infernal allegiance.
Its simple set and small cast have made it a popular choice for amateur theatrical groups.
It later moved to the New York Theatre Workshop on 12 December 1994, in a production featuring Academy Award-winner, Marisa Tomei and Mischa Barton.
Yellow Fever is a play by R. A. Shiomi which takes place on Powell Street in Japantown, Vancouver, a gathering place for the local Japanese-Canadian culture.
It was also produced in London at the Lyric Theatre in 1931.
A Hand Is on the Gate is a play presented off-Broadway in 1966 that was actor Roscoe Lee Browne's Broadway directorial debut.
This aspect of the plot is the primary departure from both history and from the epic.
Eeshwar Dutt is a first-generation immigrant and patriarch of the family.
As with many of Hauptmann's dramas, it ends with the main character's suicide.
The principal themes of the trilogy include the contrast between revenge and justice, as well as the transition from personal vendetta to organized litigation.
One of Brecht's earlier works, it explores themes of war, human fungibility, and identity.
However, Julian has never revealed to Toni that his "marriage" is actually an elaborate lie concocted to keep Toni at arm's length.
The Bat originated as an adaptation of Rinehart's mystery novel The Circular Staircase, published in 1908.
The title is a reference to the phrase between a rock and a hard place and the wealthy Dublin suburb Foxrock.
Celluloid Heroes is a play by David Williamson about the Australian film industry.
It opened in New York City at the DR2 Theatre on July 15, 2004 and starred Barbara Minkus as Molly Picon.
Some see this play as a reference to the Vietnam war.
It relates his efforts to rescue Bess, the woman he loves, from Crown, her violent and possessive lover, and a drug dealer called Sporting Life.
George Bernard Shaw with Nancy Astor and Waldorf Astor visit Stalin in Moscow.
Music direction, orchestration and arrangement - Michael Patrick Walker
Epidicus is an ancient Roman play written by T. Maccius Plautus.
The play ran on Broadway for a total of 3,182 performances, becoming the longest-running play in history at the time.
If the offering is taken at the end of the performance, the actresses encourage everyone in the audience to give generously.
Shirley Valentine is a one-character play by Willy Russell.
It won first prize in the City Dionysia festival competition.
A Streetcar Named Desire is a 1947 play written by American playwright Tennessee Williams that received the Pulitzer Prize for Drama in 1948.
The play ran until 3 October 2009.
Its subsequent British première won a London Theatre Critics Award for the Best Play of 1974.
The original production was directed by George Seaton.
Season's Greetings is a 1980 play by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn.
Using the Epic Theatre techniques of Bertolt Brecht, the play encompasses the life of diva Nellie Melba from childhood in Melbourne to her death in Egypt...
Playwright Greer wrote about a U.S. Navy accident investigation which became a gay witch hunt during the "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" era.
Later came the Broadway productions that starred Anthony Hopkins as Dysart and from the London production, Peter Firth as Alan.
Sunrise at Campobello is a 1958 play by American producer and writer Dore Schary based on U.S. President Franklin Delano Roosevelt's struggle with polio.
Along with the Olesa Passion, it is one of the most important Passion Plays in Catalonia.
It was written for and dedicated to the publisher John Calder.
It was adapted into the 1935 film No More Ladies directed by Edward H. Griffith and starring Joan Crawford, Robert Montgomery and Franchot Tone.
It began a national tour in the United States in September 2011 in Chicago.
A Small Family Business is a play by Alan Ayckbourn about the eponymous business and dealing with the Thatcherism of the time.
Following the relationships between prostitutes and their customers, it contains perhaps Plautus’s most cynical depiction of human nature in comparison with his other surviving plays.
The play was entered into the Stationers' Register on 17 March 1606, and published later that year by the bookseller John Windet.
The film’s screenplay was used as the basis for the 1951 Broadway musical Make A Wish.
It was made by the husband and wife team of John and Agnes Gavin and is considered a lost film.
It has been translated into English by Samuel Putnam, Marta Abba, and J. Douglas Campbell and Leonard Sbrocchi.
Artist / Director Mark Storor is known for his work in the play For the Best at the about a dialysis drama for children.
Casey Jones is a 1938 dramatic play by Robert Ardrey.
The Riots first opened at the Tricycle Theatre in Kilburn on 22 November 2011, after previewing from 17 November 2011.
Butley is a play by Simon Gray set in the office of an English lecturer at a university in London, England.
It premiered in London on 13 September 1825 at the Haymarket Theatre and ran 114 performances.
It had its world premiere in January 2015 at the Ensemble Theatre in a production directed by Williamson himself.
Street Scene is a 1929 American play by Elmer Rice.
The play is based on his behind the scenes observations of the Labour Party leadership during their unsuccessful General Election campaign of 1992.
Shaw describes the play as a religious tract in dramatic form.
Menaechmi, a Latin-language play, is often considered Plautus' greatest play.
The play had its premiere in an English translation performed at New York City's The New Theatre.
Doctor Who Live: The Monsters Are Coming!
The play is centred on the character of Deli, the owner of a West Indian restaurant and father to Ashley.
It was premiered in Moscow's Maly Theatre on January 25, 1854 and in Saint Petersburg's Alexandrinsky Theatre on September the 9th.
St Helena: a play in twelve scenes is a play by the English author R. C. Sherriff and Jeanne de Casalis.
Voices in Conflict was banned from the high school because it was deemed sensational and inappropriate.
The play takes place in Freeman's dream, where individuals from his life return and discuss his life.
The choices were courage, faith, hope, prudence, prudence, justice, charity, and temperance.
The Musical Comedy Murders of 1940 is a comedy by John Bishop.
He is currently researching wolves, dogs and human-canine interactions and common history for a book provisionally titled The Land Of Wolves.
It is a parody of wholesome adventure stories about life in a 1920s girls' English boarding school, such as those by Angela Brazil.
At the time, however, the play struck many audience members as continuing the immorality of the previous decades, and it was not well received.
Thus both the victor and the vanquished lose eventually.
This Is Where We Came In is a chronicle of a group of misfits who have fallen victim to their story-teller overloard's fierce control.
Mister Roberts is a 1948 play based on the 1946 Thomas Heggen novel of the same name.
The Weir is a play written by Conor McPherson in 1997.
It starred Jim Dale, Bob Hoskins, Lynn Redgrave, Donald Sinden, Clive Swift, Mervyn Johns, Eleanor Bron, Gillian Barge and Colin Blakely.
The Tiger and the Horse is a three-act play by Robert Bolt, written in 1960.
Masquerade is a verse play written in 1835 by the Russian Romantic writer Mikhail Lermontov.
The Country Attorney is a 1787 comic play by the British writer Richard Cumberland.
Since 1957 it has been in permanent showing at the Théâtre de la Huchette, which received a Molière d'honneur for its performances.
Dracula is a 1977 Broadway play originally written by Hamilton Deane from the novel of the same name by Bram Stoker.
McPherson himself died in 1992 of AIDS at age 33.
The play was shown at the Churchill Theatre in Bromley, South London in October 2010.
The three plays, GamePlan, FlatSpin and RolePlay, were originally performed as a set by the Stephen Joseph Theatre Company.
Sophocles' Ajax, or Aias, is a Greek tragedy written in the 5th century BCE.
The first two acts were staged as part of the Wild Lunch series by Paines Plough theatre company in May 2004 at London's Young Vic theatre.
In the play, the lector reads Anna Karenina, sparking the characters' lives and relationships to spin out of control.
The play premiered March 1, 1953 on NBC-TV, before being produced on the Broadway stage November 3 – December 5, 1953.
The Affair is a 1962 play by Ronald Millar based on the novel by C. P. Snow.
Fucking Men is a play by Joe DiPietro.
The play was a popular hit and ran for 175 performances.
Peribáñez y el Comendador de Ocaña is a Spanish language play by Félix Lope de Vega y Carpio.
Marvin's Room is a play written by American writer Scott McPherson.
One morning Claire is abducted by a limping, lisping man who claims her husband wants to kill her.
The Romantic Story of Margaret Catchpole is a 1911 Australian silent film directed by Raymond Longford and starring Lottie Lyell.
The press was mixed, yet it was always packed, and had an enormous following.
A second quarto was published in 1617.
Jake's Women is a play by Neil Simon.
During its premiere run, the play tied the record for winning the most Olivier Awards, including Best New Play at the 2013 ceremony.
The anarchic pair brought their own talents to play and twisted the plot and dialogue out of all recognition.
The main part of the play takes place in a coffeeshop where two old University friends, Nina and Lorna, are reunited after many years.
It ran for 119 performances from November 22, 1927, to March 1928 at the Ambassador Theatre.
It is the third of the three Theban plays but was the first written, chronologically.
Their children swore vengeance and attacked Thebes.
The sister, Berniece, remains emphatic about keeping the piano, which shows the carved faces of their great-grandfather's wife and son during the days of their enslavement.
Producer D. A. Doran staged it on Broadway in 1935.
The play was successful in its first Broadway production and the touring production that followed.
The Fascinating Foundling is a short comic play by George Bernard Shaw.
The song's base lyrics have been translated into at least 18 languages.
She has warned him not to sign a new contract with studio boss Marcus Hoff, or she will not return to him.
It was revived by the Abbey in 2009 and again in 2011 with an international tour.
This incident became a source of contention with the group's actors.
Metamora; or, The Last of the Wampanoags is a play written in 1829 by John Augustus Stone.
Brilliant debuted at number twenty-one on the UK Albums Chart, selling 6,100 copies in its first week, but received mixed reviews from critics.
The death is made to seem an accident, but the lovers must part.
Chimneys is a play by crime writer Agatha Christie and is based upon her own 1925 novel The Secret of Chimneys.
There's Wisdom in Women is a play written by Joseph Kesselring.
The existing text of Mortimer His Fall, was printed in the 1640-1 edition of Jonson's complete works.
Laughton played Galileo, with Hugo Haas as Barberini and Frances Heflin as Virginia.
The real Catherine Donohue died on July 27, 1938, shortly after testifying before the Illinois Industrial Commission.
In her introduction to the play, Howe wrote, "For some time now I've wanted to write about the passion of old ladies."
The 2003 production was presented both at the Sydney Opera House and the Octagon Theatre in Perth.
Its subject is the cultural poverty and frustration of a generation of young people on the dole and living on council estates.
Dating between 1460-1463, the play is preserved in its complete form in the Macro Manuscript, currently a part of the collection of the Folger Shakespeare Library.
The play is now rarely performed in its original form on stage in the United Kingdom, whereas pantomime adaptations are frequently staged around Christmas.
Toys in the Attic is a 1960 play by Lillian Hellman.
The story involves four orphans who have been raised in isolation, from the world and from each other.
It is a precursor to Dada, Surrealism and the Theatre of the Absurd.
You've Got to Get On Jack is a 1970 revue by David Williamson for the Australian Performing Group.
Directed by John Caird and Trevor Nunn.
On the Razzle is a play by Tom Stoppard.
It was one of several of Brighouse's plays performed by the Manchester's Gaiety Theatre.
The play was developed with Moisés Kaufman and his Tectonic Theater Project, and Kaufman also acted as director.
Although not as popular as Henley's Crimes of the Heart, The Miss Firecracker Contest has been generally well received among critics.
The Blacks: A Clown Show is a play by the French dramatist Jean Genet.
This is for the Marivaux play, for the band, see La Dispute.
Produced by Sonia Friedman it opened at the Comedy Theatre in London's West End on 30 September 2009 following previews from 17 September.
In addition the arbitrator has awarded Entertainment Events, Inc. with damages sought.
It ran for 351 performances from September 26, 1933 to July 28, 1934 at the Broadhurst Theatre.
It became a regular part of the theatre's repertory, playing 77 times over the next 25 years.
He proposes marriage but then goes to sea, leaving Jo pregnant and alone.
It is an adaptation of the Viennese play Einen Jux will er sich machen by Johann Nestroy, which had been adapted twice by Thornton Wilder.
The play has been adapted for the cinema several times.
He is instead deliberate, plotting, angry and vengeful.
When she cannot, she is forced to measures that those in her society would view as extreme.
Set in the 1920s, it is the first of Carter's Caribbean trilogy.
Like all of the "Pittsburgh" plays, Fences explores the evolving African-American experience and examines race relations, among other themes.
The Unconquered is a play written by Ayn Rand as an adaptation of her 1936 novel, We the Living.
The Temperamentals is a 2009 play by Jon Marans.
Hippolytus is an Ancient Greek tragedy by Euripides, based on the myth of Hippolytus, son of Theseus.
Originally conceived as a television film in 1999, the play spent years under revision before finally opening on Broadway in 2013.
The play is regarded as an important work in the "Theatre of the Absurd".
It focuses on artist Vincent van Gogh's time in Brixton, London in 1873.
Peggy Knudsen replaced Sayers in June 1942, and Quine was replaced by Henry Jones, who in turn was replaced by Max Showalter.
It is one of the earliest examples of Roman literature.
It depicts the story of journalist Mike McAlary beginning in 1985 and ending with his death at the age of 41 in 1998.
The Lightning Child is a 2013 play by Ché Walker, freely adapting The Bacchae by Euripides.
As in many of his plays, the heroine is noted for her high tone.
It was first performed by the Théâtre Italien in Paris on 12 March 1732.
This production was directed by Leonard Steckel, with set-design by Teo Otto.
Helen is a drama by Euripides about Helen, first produced in 412 BC for the Dionysia in a trilogy that also contained Euripides' lost Andromeda.
Anna Lucasta is a Broadway play by Philip Yordan.
It was directed by Jerry Zaks, with B. D. Wong, Jane Krakowski, Mark Linn-Baker, Mia Korf, and Gina Torres in the cast.
The jug is not mentioned in these first five scenes although the audience is made aware that Adam is a highly suspicious character.
The play is viewed by some as the inspiration for his 2006 adult play If I Were You.
The Ugly Duckling is a one-act play by A.A. Milne written c. 1941.
The title is drawn from the early-20th Century usage of the word "temperamental" as slang for "homosexual".
The doomed bad man, Cash Hawkins, was played by William S. Hart.
The performances take place at the Teatre de la Passió, a large theater venue opened in 1969 and designed specifically for Passion Play performances.
Enron is a 2009 play by the British playwright Lucy Prebble, based on the Enron scandal.
It also played January 19–24, 1931, at the National Theatre in Washington, D.C.
It follows the sometimes melodramatic bank teller, Tilly, and her emotion-driven adventure with several other characters.
It starred Fritz Weaver, Tammy Grimes, Thomas Toner, William Preston, Mordecai Lawner, Stephen Newman, Richard Clarke and Walter Atamaniuk and was directed by Edwin Sherin.
Incendies is a 2003 play by Wajdi Mouawad.
Hazel Dawn played the role of Gertie.
It was directed by Nicholas Hytner and designed by Bob Crowley.
The flamboyantly dramatic costume and makeup used in this scene is famous and associated by the average Westerner with Kabuki in general.
It shows how cabals and their intrigue destroy the love between Ferdinand von Walter, a nobleman's son, and Luise Miller, daughter of a middle-class musician.
Sisterly Feelings is a 1979 play by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn.
Intimate Apparel is a play written by Lynn Nottage.
Its two-year run of 768 performances at the Globe Theatre counts as one of the longer runs in London theatrical history.
The original title is the French equivalent of the legal term in camera, referring to a private discussion behind closed doors.
When Konstantin Stanislavsky, the seminal Russian theatre practitioner of the time, directed it in 1898 for his Moscow Art Theatre, the play was a triumph.
Plaza Suite is a comedy play by Neil Simon.
The king however broke his promise and decided to kill Archelaus by treachery.
Oedipus is a play by the 5th-century BCE Athenian dramatist Euripides.
It is organized as a series of monologues and uses a rotating cast of five principal women.
Although the characters in Miles Gloriosus speak Latin, they are Greeks, with Greek names, clothing, and customs.
The Touch of Silk is a 1928 Australian play by Betty Roland about a French girl who marries a former Australian soldier after World War I.
The director was Elia Kazan, the scenic design was by Mordecai Gorelik, and the title role was played by Charles Bickford.
"Eh, Eh" is a song by American singer Lady Gaga, from her debut album, The Fame.
It was the top grossing American play in London's West End in 1986.
The play is based on Pirandello's novel La signora Frola e il signor Ponza, suo genero.
The play is the first drama to win both the Pulitzer Prize for Drama and the New York Drama Critics Circle Award.
It moved to New York City shortly afterwards and garnered three Tony Award nominations.
It is believed to be among Plautus's first plays, possibly written around 206 BC.
The 25th anniversary production, produced by Steven Berkoff's East Productions and Marc Sinden and starring Tanya Franks, started at the Churchill Theatre, Bromley.
Outside the cave the satyrs see some sewn cow-hides and are convinced that they have found the thief.
It was directed again by Eyre, with Dench, Pickup and Bond reprising their roles.
Le Fils naturel is a 1757 play by Denis Diderot.
The original cast included Hilda Simms, Canada Lee and Alice Childress.
Curse of the Starving Class is a play by Sam Shepard, considered the first of a series on family tragedies.
Later incidental music was written for the play by Eduard Nápravník.
Orphans is a play by Lyle Kessler.
Later that year it was performed at the Tarragon Theatre in Toronto, with Stephen Ouimette and Keith Knight in the lead roles, and Panych again directing.
As of 2014, it was still the 18th longest-running Broadway show in history, as well as being the second-longest running non-musical ever on Broadway.
In this play, Arlequin and Trivelin are featured.
The Simpleton of the Unexpected Isles: A Vision of Judgement is a 1934 play by George Bernard Shaw.
Like many of Marivaux's other comedies, The Game of Love and Chance makes use of stock characters from the Commedia dell'arte.
Abiola Irele called it "a nightmarish image of our collective life as it appears to a detached and reflective consciousness".
It was one of the few Broadway plays to be written by an Australian.
A few of the transcripts were edited for time.
The plot focuses on two people, married to others, who meet for a romantic tryst once a year for two dozen years.
The plays are at once an affectionate comment on small-town, Southern life and attitudes but also a withering satire of same.
It tells of a boy growing up in Prague into the 1950s.
Flaming Idiots is a farce by Tom Rooney.
The play has been only re-staged a few times, was never published, and is not available for production.
His father, the title character, is against the match, and his uncle actively plots against it by trying to force Sophie into a convent.
Curculio, also called The Weevil, is a Latin comedic play for the early Roman theatre by Titus Maccius Plautus.
Racine seems to have chosen the subject in competition with Pierre Corneille, who was working on his drama Tite et Bérénice at the same time.
Edson used her work experience in a hospital as part of the inspiration for her play.
This documentary now is noted as one of the most vehement criticisms of Pentecostal preaching.
The play was reworked and much of it used again by Cumberland for the 1789 play The School for Widows.
Directed by Edwin Milton Royle and William Faversham, The Squaw Man was produced by Liebler & Company.
In this play, a fairy tries to force Arlequin to fall in love with her.
Members would often cite it as an example of "ill advised dogma"; of destructive, egotistical behavior.
A Minor Adjustment is a 1967 play.
The Sunny South, or the Whirlwind of Fate is a 1915 Australian silent film directed by Alfred Rolfe based on the popular play by George Darrell.
It won the first ever New York Drama Critics' Circle Award for Best Play.
Enter Madame was a 1920 Broadway three-act comedy written by Gilda Varesi and Dolly Byrne, produced and directed by Brock Pemberton.
It was broadcast live on the HBO cable channel, as well as in Canada, on March 14, 2009, at 9:00PM EST.
The title is sometimes translated as The Brothers Menaechmus or The Two Menaechmuses.
The Gadfly or The Son of the Cardinal is a dramatic adaptation by George Bernard Shaw of Anglo-Irish writer Ethel Lilian Voynich novel The Gadfly.
In 2011, comparisons were drawn between the terror campaign, the play, and the Norwegian terrorism incident.
The Champion of Paribanou is a 1996 family play by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn, premièred at the Stephen Joseph Theatre.
All but one of the seven would-be conquerors were killed.
The play focuses on May and Eddie, former lovers who have met again in a motel in the desert.
The Frog Prince was first presented in 1982 in Chicago at Goodman Theatre by the Remains Theatre Ensemble.
It is now a part of the repertory of the Habima Theater, the national theater of Israel.
Nevis Mountain Dew explores the subject of euthanasia involving the patriarch of an affluent family who is confined to an iron lung.
Like many of Marivaux's other comedies, La Double Inconstance makes use of stock characters from the Commedia dell'arte.
The play was included in Burns Mantle's The Best Plays of 1933-1934.
The Apple Cart: A Political Extravaganza is a 1928 play by George Bernard Shaw.
The Cocktail Party was first performed at the Edinburgh Festival in 1949.
It was based on the original epic of the same name or title.
The scene is a cattle ranch near the Mexican border in Arizona.
Nora Hiller is an easy-going woman devoted to her husband Lawrence and their children.
It was first performed in London at Drury Lane Theatre on 8 May 1777.
Nicolas Bataille directed the premiere on 11 May 1950 at the Théâtre des Noctambules, Paris.
Buy Me Blue Ribbons was a 1951 play by Australian writer Sumner Locke Elliott.
In addition to the fragments assigned to Epigoni, there are seven extant fragments assigned to a Sophocles play entitled Eriphyle.
It was included in Burns Mantle's The Best Plays of 1927-1928.
The production made its Broadway debut with a transfer to the Brooks Atkinson Theatre on 27 March 1973 for a run of 162 performances.
The play draws its title from the hotel's neon marquee with a burned-out letter "e" that was never replaced.
Herakles arrives in time to save them, though the goddesses Iris and Madness cause him to kill his wife and children in a frenzy.
Each new show covers an arc of the manga storyline, though adaptations to the original story were made to fit the format.
The lead roles of Richard Wagner and Ruth Carson were created by John Thaw and Diana Rigg, respectively.
Commissioned by the Royal Shakespeare Company, Educating Rita premièred at The Warehouse, London, in June 1980 starring Julie Walters and Mark Kingston.
No Exit is a 1944 existentialist French play by Jean-Paul Sartre.
It is an absurdist drama about 5 people waiting in line for an event.
It also enjoyed successful runs at London's West End, Broadway and Off-Broadway.
It became "a national theatrical event"; his 1963 production was seen by then Prime Minister, Jawaharlal Nehru.
Their differences of opinion lead to frequent arguments that threaten to undermine their mutual goal.
1, 1863 issue of Vremya magazine, edited by the Dostoyevsky brothers.
What survives of the play covers similar ground as Sophocles' acclaimed Oedipus Rex, but scholars and historians have found there are significant differences.
Broadway is a 1926 Broadway play produced by Jed Harris and written and directed by George Abbott and Philip Dunning.
It was based on Dell's 1927 novel An Unmarried Father.
It has had several revivals, and was subsequently made into a multi-Academy Award-winning 1966 feature film and a 1988 television movie.
A 2016 revival at the Young Vic directed by Matthew Xia starred David Haig, Daniel Kaluuya and Luke Norris.
The play was published in a paperback edition about the same time that it opened in New York.
In the 20th century, the play was produced at the world-famous Moscow Art Theatre as part of a triple bill of works by Turgenev.
Written in Danish—the common written language of Denmark and Norway in Ibsen's lifetime—it is one of the most widely performed Norwegian plays.
The Cow Jumped Over the Moon was the first play of Sumner Locke Elliott.
Der Kontrabaß is a play by Patrick Süskind.
While the unhappy family lives in a Houston apartment, Carrie Watts dreams of returning to Bountiful, where she was raised.
It is set in the death row wing of a prison.
In 1999, Cash was standing in the bar when the third and final nail-bomb exploded in a campaign targeting minorities.
Sexual Perversity in Chicago is a play written by David Mamet that examines the sex lives of two men and two women in the 1970s.
The play is based on the historical meeting of Gabriele d'Annunzio and Lempicka, who was hoping to be commissioned by d'Annunzio to paint his portrait.
Escape Me Never is a play written by Margaret Kennedy based upon her 1930s novel The Fool of the Family.
It remains a popular choice of gay repertory companies, such as San Francisco's Theatre Rhinoceros.
In 1965, it was adapted for the Broadway musical stage under the title Skyscraper
It was performed at the Lenaia, one of the Festivals of Dionysus in Athens, in 405 BC, and received first place.
Talley & Son is a play by Lanford Wilson, the third in his trilogy focusing on the Talley family of Lebanon, Missouri.
It is one of the first plays by an Asian American playwright to be produced on a mainstream New York stage.
The competition's official name was originally the European Cup Winners' Cup; it was renamed the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup before the 1994–95 season.
The Ends of the Earth is a 1992 play by Canadian playwright Morris Panych.
It was nominated for the 2004 Evening Standard Award for Best New Play.
Zero Hour is a 2006 one-person play written and performed by playwright and actor Jim Brochu and directed by actress Piper Laurie.
It is about a woman who has to atone to her husband for having an affair with his best friend.
Something Different is a 1967 comedy play by Carl Reiner.
It stars Perry as Madea and Cassi Davis as Aunt Bam.
It tells the story of the hardened Irish farmer "Bull" McCabe and his love for the land he rents.
The other two plays in the series are Le Bon Ménage and Le Bon Père.
Captivi is a Latin play by the early Roman playwright Titus Maccius Plautus.
Yoshitsune takes place a few years after the end of the Genpei War.
The play is a dark farce that satirises the Roman Catholic Church, social attitudes to death, and the integrity of the police force.
The rest of the cast included Pat Suzuki, Tina Chen, Conrad Yama, Lilah Kan, Doug Higgins, and Keenan Shimizu.
The Broadway production ran for 1,209 performances.
In Moscow's Maly Theatre it was performed on November 26, 1871.
The narrative concentrates on the relationships between the two sets of whips, and between the whips, their backbenchers and the members of the minor parties.
The play concerns twins, a cold, manipulative playboy Hugo, and his sensitive brother Frédéric.
The Ik language is a member of the highly divergent Kuliak subgroup of Nilo-Saharan languages.
The play begins and ends after the funeral of one of the main characters, showing events leading to the funeral in flashbacks.
Look Homeward, Angel is a 1957 stage play by the playwright Ketti Frings.
It was likely first performed between 1629 and 1633, by Queen Henrietta's Men at the Cockpit Theatre.
Lady Frola claims he fantasizes that his new wife is his old wife.
It was written between two of his other 1913 plays, Pygmalion and The Music Cure.
It was published in London 1971 by Methuen and in New York in 1972 by Hill & Wang.
Before appearing on the stage in London the play also had a "homecoming" performance at Salt's Mill, a former textile mill, at Saltaire, Bradford.
Dean has a wife, Gwendolyn, and two daughters, Stella and Mary.
The final tournament was held in 1998–99, after which it was absorbed into the UEFA Cup.
Critical reaction was generally warm to mixed, and the limited Broadway run was profitable.
There is plenty of gratuitous nostalgia .
The Nerd is a two-act comedy written by American actor/playwright Larry Shue.
The play premiered in 1983 at the Magic Theatre in San Francisco, where Shepard was the playwright-in-residence.
The title comes from the Shaker song "The Saviour's Universal Prayer", a Shaker rendition of "Lord's Prayer".
For inspiration, Hellman drew on her memories of her time in her aunts' boardinghouse.
Though the plays have a similar opening gambit, they were not the same, and Apartment 12 K only had a short unsuccessful run.
The play which lasted for two days was performed at Muson Centre and was written and directed by Wole Oguntokun.
The 1935 film Accent on Youth starred Herbert Marshall and Sylvia Sydney.
Though the published stageplay sold poorly and the play was deemed difficult to perform, Allah jang Palsoe found success on the stage.
In this play, Corneille addresses questions of love and liberty.
The play was translated into English as Scorched by Linda Gaboriau and was published in 2005 by Playwrights Canada Press.
It received a poor review in The New York Times.
Between the three works, Lesage created a comedy in three acts.
The play is widely considered to be his magnum opus and one of the finest American plays of the 20th century.
Continued insistent prodding from his friends eventually results in one of his greatest masterpieces, the opera Otello, which premiered in 1887.
Caesar and Cleopatra is a play written in 1898 by George Bernard Shaw that depicts a fictionalized account of the relationship between Julius Caesar and Cleopatra.
In the judgment of another reviewer, the play is “a worthy analogue of an ancient masterpiece.”
In 1961 Ustinov directed and starred in the film adaptation Romanoff and Juliet of the play.
Desire Under the Elms is a 1924 play written by Eugene O'Neill.
The compensation is typically a mixture of salary, bonuses, equity compensation, benefits, and perquisites.
It is a Natika in four acts.
Sons of the Prophet is a play by Stephen Karam.
Musical Director Jules Maxwell was in charge of the neo-classical score, while animator Babis Alexiadis provided rich and sensory illustrations throughout the play.
Williams himself had great affection for the play, and described it as follows:
It was one of the most significant new plays of the Australian drama revival of the early 1970s.
It received the New York Drama Critics Circle Award for Best American Play and was a finalist for the 1997 Pulitzer Prize for Drama.
In the play, significant use is made of the music of Mozart, Salieri and other composers of the period.
Hwang's third play, it depicts the clash of West and East within three generations of an Americanized Chinese family living in a Los Angeles suburb.
It was translated into many languages, copied, parodied and adapted.
It was a favourite Telugu drama and made into South Indian films.
Marc is horrified, and their relationship suffers considerable strain as a result of their differing opinions about what constitutes "art".
Born Yesterday is a play written by Garson Kanin which premiered on Broadway in 1946, starring Judy Holliday as Billie Dawn.
Visiting Mr. Green is a stage play by American author Jeff Baron that has been performed around the world.
Much of the play consists of lengthy monologues in which Maitland tells the audience about his life, a life he now regards as an utter failure.
It was performed in 1985 in New York at the Ensemble Theatre Studio.
One Flea Spare, by Naomi Wallace, is an award-winning play set in plague-ravaged 17th Century London.
Initially the tragedy was staged in 1920, by Abbas Mirza Sharifzadeh.
The play premiered at the Royal Court Theatre in February 2007 and received generally positive reviews.
It is named after Fram, the ship built for Nansen for his Arctic journey, and subsequently used by Roald Amundsen to reach the South Pole.
As in all of Aristophanes' plays, the jokes are numerous, the action is wildly absurd and the satire is savage.
It ran for 173 performances from 26 October 1927 to March 1928 at the Booth Theatre.
It was first staged at the Abbey Theatre in Dublin in 1924.
The Bengali original was staged in Calcutta in 1917.
Because of this detached and scientific approach, Thérèse Raquin is considered an example of naturalism.
The first scene takes place aboard a liner, the second in a village shop.
It was initially performed at the Dionysia in Athens in 431 BCE along with the tragedies Medea, Philoctetes and Dictys.
during the Megalesian Festival, which was a celebration for the Greek Goddess Rhea.
It was highly successful and one of the most popular Australian plays of the 1890s.
However it was played in Sydney in 1953 and adapted for television in 1954.
The film was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture, and the Golden Globe for Best Screenplay.
She finds lodgings with a homosexual acquaintance, Geoffrey, who assumes the role of surrogate father.
The author of Guy Earl of Warwick is not known, although Ben Jonson and Thomas Dekker have been proposed.
That version, now withdrawn, was presented in 2009 as part of The Great Game: Afghanistan.
Peter has many stories involving Wendy Darling and her two brothers, his fairy Tinker Bell, the Lost Boys, and the pirate Captain Hook.
The work has since been revived numerous times internationally, including a film adaptation in 1964.
It tells of a South African farmer's wife trapped in an unhappy marriage who falls in love with a visiting Englishman.
This piece can be regarded as the end of an apprenticeship during which the author demonstrates his literary prowess.
The Legend of King O'Malley is a 1970 Australian musical play by Bob Ellis and Michael Boddy about politician King O'Malley.
It concerns a retrospective view of the values of 1950s Catholic convent schools and the female adolescent response to those values.
Tsar Fyodor Ioannovich is a 1868 historical drama by Aleksey Konstantinovich Tolstoy.
Bellerophon is an ancient Greek tragedy written by Euripides, based upon the myth of Bellerophon.
It is the fourth play in Wilson's The Pittsburgh Cycle.
It received its debut performance in Lille on 25 April 1741.
The Tug of the title is the Tug Fork of the Big Sandy River that flows through the coal-mining region of West Virginia and Kentucky.
The production then transferred to the larger Wyndham's Theatre in the West End on 10 February 1959.
Three years later, his children and wife persuaded him to complete the manuscript sufficiently for a house performance in Yasnaya Polyana.
Boeing-Boeing is a classic farce written by the French playwright Marc Camoletti.
Latterly the plays were performed in a version revised by one Robert Croo in 1534.
The Children's Hour is a 1934 American play by Lillian Hellman.
Elizabeth: Almost by Chance a Woman is a play by Dario Fo, recipient of the 1997 Nobel Prize in Literature.
Spofford is a 1967 play based on the novel "Reuben, Reuben by Peter DeVries.
The Broadway production was directed by Walter Greenough and produced by Sturges.
The Beauty Queen of Leenane is a 1996 black comedy by Irish playwright Martin McDonagh which was premiered by the Druid Theatre Company in Galway, Ireland.
Darvill had to recommence work on the score from scratch in October 2012 after his laptop was stolen.
The play opened at the Garrick Theatre in London's West End on 20 January 2010.
However, she is too timid to show her skeptical boss, professor Claude Night, that she is right.
It is set in the Parthian Empire in the 1st century A.D. during the Arsacid dynasty.
Everyman is a modern play produced by Charles Frohman and directed by Ben Greet that is based on the medieval morality play of the same name.
A Broadway production of it by A. H. Woods opened in 1906 and was a huge hit.
It is often compared with Shakespeare's Othello in its essential story line.
The play centers on James "Sharky" Harkin, an alcoholic who has recently returned to live with his blind, aging brother, Richard Harkin.
Based on the classic myth of antiquity, Jean Giraudoux wrote perhaps his best play.
Fuddy Meers is an American play by David Lindsay-Abaire.
The work earned Rivera a 1993 Obie Award for playwriting.
Struck Oil is a 1919 Australian silent film directed by Franklyn Barrett.
He also wanted costumes with as little specific local colour reference or historical accuracy as possible.
It is often performed with another of Shaffer's one-act plays, Black Comedy, to form the double-bill of The White Liars and Black Comedy.
It appears to have been written out the fourteenth century in a number of different handwriting styles.
He won the Tony Award for Best Actor in a Play.
Black Comedy is a one-act farce by Peter Shaffer, first performed in 1965.
La Tosca is set in Rome on 17 June 1800 following the French victory in the Battle of Marengo.
It chronicles the rise of Arturo Ui, a fictional 1930s Chicago mobster, and his attempts to control the cauliflower racket by ruthlessly disposing of the opposition.
The title character first appears as an old woman at the door of a family celebrating their son's wedding.
Theatre critics often group it with Yerma and The House of Bernarda Alba as the "Rural Trilogy".
Sally Kellerman and Linda Blair later joined the cast.
It starred Bob Golding as Eric Morecambe and was directed by Guy Masterson.
Initially it was regarded as anti-Catholic and was banned from professional public performance in the UK by the Lord Chamberlain.
Despite warnings from the women's mother and father, the men prepare to leave for their training, with their partner's blessings.
The play was first staged by the Melbourne Theatre Company on 24 May 1977 at the Russell Street Theatre.
The play is one of Hibberd's personal favourites.
The title is a reference to the Celtic Tiger, a period of prosperity in the Republic of Ireland from c.1992–2006.
The Effect of Gamma Rays on Man-in-the-Moon Marigolds is a play written by Paul Zindel, a playwright and science teacher.
The play had its American premiere at Profiles Theatre in Chicago, Illinois in April 2012 through 3 June.
Set in 1962 it follows a meeting of 'the Knights of the White Magnolia', a Ku Klux Klan-like group, with seven members.
Like Mercury Fur the play starred Ben Whishaw in its premiere production.
A separate Ludus Coventriae once thought to belong to the Coventry cycle of Mystery Plays is now believed to have originated in East Anglia.
Scott then played the role for the production's run in Boston.
The Naturalist theatre movement was a reaction to Melodrama, the Victorian theatre tradition of the time.
Star Spangled is a 1936 comedic play by Robert Ardrey.
The Accidental Pervert is a universally themed play written and performed by Andrew Goffman and directed by Charles Messina.
It is one of Wilson's earliest plays.
It follows Kay Gonda, a movie star suspected of murder, as she seeks support from various fans, most of whom disappoint her.
It was premiered on 21 November 1670 by the Comédiens du Roi at the Hôtel de Bourgogne.
The production received six nominations for Tony Awards, winning two, including Courtney B. Vance for Tony Award for Best Featured Actor in a Play.
In spite of that, the play has many indirect references to Athenian political and social life.
The original production also featured Harvey Lembeck, Ralph Meeker, Steven Hill, Lee Van Cleef and Murray Hamilton.
The play follows the story of the men left waiting in the camp.
However, the raising of funds for the local monastery is always offered to each presenting organization.
It appears to belong to the same period as his Antigone, which was probably performed in 442 or 441 BCE, when he was 55 years old.
The Esparreguera Passion Play is a performance of the Passion Play in Esparreguera, Catalonia, Spain.
As such, the play features incidental vocal music by Giuseppe Verdi, Giacomo Puccini, and Vincenzo Bellini.
Honoria and Mammon is a Caroline era stage play by James Shirley, published in 1659 but not professionally performed until 2013, over 300 years later.
Command Decision was a 1948 play in three acts written by William Wister Haines, and formed the basis for his best-selling novel of the same title.
Egri's expressionist play was translated from his original Hungarian by Gustav Davidson and Francis Edwards Faragoh, and adapted by Charles Recht.
is a play written by Edward Wooll.
The play was commissioned and directed by Lisa Goldman after being greatly impressed by Ridley's previous adult stage play Mercury Fur.
The Tragedy of Bussy D'Ambois is a Jacobean stage play written by George Chapman.
The Gas Heart or The Gas-Operated Heart is a French-language play by Romanian-born author Tristan Tzara.
He rewrote it in 1781, again in prose, and finally in 1786 in verse form.
The Lady from the Sea is a play written in 1888 by Norwegian playwright Henrik Ibsen inspired by the ballad Agnete og Havmanden.
After the police try to entrap her, she is mistakenly accused again, this time for murder, but she is vindicated when the real killer confesses.
Man and Superman is a four-act drama written by George Bernard Shaw in 1903.
However, it is also their ability to damage one another in just the right way that results in mutual development.
The play opened on March 5 and ran for two weekends.
Williams based his adaptation primarily on Ann Dunnigan's 1960 translation.
The plot focuses on aging couple Ethel and Norman Thayer, who spend each summer at their home on a lake called Golden Pond.
It was adapted into the 1922 silent film Nice People, now believed to be lost.
Topdog/Underdog is a play by American playwright Suzan-Lori Parks and it premiered in 2001 off-Broadway in New York City.
Fourteen is a play by Alice Gerstenberg.
Vera Komissarzhevskaya, playing Nina, was so intimidated by the hostility of the audience that she lost her voice.
Here is a philosophical comedic play by British playwright Michael Frayn.
It incorporates various Roman stock characters including the parasite, the comic courtesan, the comic servant, the domineering wife, the doddering father-in-law and the quack doctor.
The play was first performed as a work-in-progress in 1978.
Grammy award winning vocalist Ann Nesby of the musical and instrumental group Sounds of Blackness played a supporting role in this play/production.
However, this is not certain and any influence may well have been in the opposite direction, with Sophocles' play influencing Euripides.
Full Frontal is a one-man, one-act play by English writer Michael Hastings.
The plight of the protesters is that their mistaken circumstance is interpreted as an 'occupation'.
Small Miracle is a 1934 play by Norman Krasna, presented on Broadway with Joseph Calleia in the featured role.
Carver and his Wild America Troupe into a dramatic story.
Antigone is a play by the Attic dramatist Euripides, which is now lost except for a number of fragments.
The Power of Darkness is a five-act drama by Leo Tolstoy.
The play premiered at the McCarter Theatre in 1989 and Off-Broadway in 2007, winning the Outer Critics Circle Award for Outstanding New Off-Broadway Play.
The title was inspired by a passage in Charles Dickens' Bleak House: "I only ask to be free.
Unlike his 1892 play The Weavers, Hauptmann focuses on the story's psychological rather than social dimensions.
The Actor's Nightmare is a short comic play by Christopher Durang.
The opening was delayed until March 6.
The play premiered on the 5th February, 1763, at the Drury Lane Theatre, London.
Hayhurst also produced a television drama on the same topic in 2011, entitled The Man Who Crossed Hitler.
The Man from Outback is a 1909 Australian play by Bert Bailey and Edmund Duggan written under the name of 'Albert Edmunds'.
The Broadway production was staged two years after Inge's death.
In 1968 Fleißer began a third revision, which was performed in 1970.
The theater has unleashed one of its thunderbolts."
Annajanska, the Bolshevik Empress: A Revolutionary Romancelet is a one-act play by George Bernard Shaw, written in 1917.
Mahomet is a five-act tragedy written in 1736 by French playwright and philosopher Voltaire.
A Mouthful of Birds is a 1986 play with dance by Caryl Churchill and David Lan, with choreography by Ian Spink.
This prohibition applies even if the character in the sequels is called "Mother Superior."
Some press reports compared the murderer to the Jekyll-Hyde character, and Mansfield was suggested as a possible suspect.
Mansfield's company continued to perform the play on tours of the U.S. until shortly before his death in 1907.
Three of the characters in the story have severe problems with alcoholism.
Run for Your Wife is an adult comedy play by Ray Cooney.
Odets would ultimately spend several months in Hollywood, California in 1940 preparing a screenplay for Night Music, but the screenplay was never produced.
The play is a satirical allegory of the rise of Adolf Hitler and the Nazi Party in Germany prior to World War II.
The Latent Heterosexual is a play by Paddy Chayefsky.
The play is awful and Parker must decide whether or not to review the play honestly.
She herself wants Hugo, as his impenetrability teases her.
The Spanish translation of the play was done by Argentinean poet Silvina Ocampo for the Buenos Aires premiere starring China Zorrilla on January 1981.
Eden explores intra-racial conflicts between recent immigrants from the Caribbean and the African-American population.
Some local writers and politicians were critical of the play, for what they described as its sympathetic portrayal of a "terrorist".
The play was not well received critically and only ran 13 performances.
The dramatization was one of Cohan's most innovative plays.
The entire play is set in the Cabinet Room of 10 Downing Street.
The Motherfucker with the Hat is a 2011 play by Stephen Adly Guirgis.
The plan involves both an actress and a gynoid.
In the original 1996 production at The Other Place theatre, the leading role of John Hall was played by Liam Cunningham.
On the Open Road is a 1992 play by Steve Tesich.
Despite their mutual affection, however, the couple's lives and love are threatened when a vulgar courtier, Samsthānaka, also known as Shakara, begins to aggressively pursue Vasantasenā.
It is set in Hazlehurst, Mississippi in the mid-20th century.
Pill Hill is a three-act play by American dramatist Sam Kelley.
Camino Real is a 1953 play by Tennessee Williams.
The series premiered on BBC America on 14 September 2013.
Initially and primarily focusing on a gay couple in Manhattan, the play also has several other storylines, some of which occasionally intersect.
Following the September 11 attacks, Weedman announced that the show would be postponed till January 21, 2002, with the venue changed to the Arclight Theatre.
It was the second play that he wrote, but his first to be produced.
With a cast of one man, it was written for Northern Irish actor Patrick Magee and first titled "Magee monologue".
Ratnavali is a Sanskrit drama about a beautiful princess named Ratnavali, and a great king named Udayana.
This trilogy also shows how the Greek gods interacted with the characters and influenced their decisions pertaining to events and disputes.
Constance Carpenter and Fionnula Flanagan appeared in supporting roles.
It received its world premiere at the Royal National Theatre, London on 30 June 2014, before transferring to the West End's Theatre Royal Haymarket.
Vincent in Brixton is a 2003 play by Nicholas Wright.
In its fullest form the cycle comprised about ten plays, all on New Testament themes, though only two have survived to the present day.
The play was adapted into a 1947 feature film and a television series.
The play is a romantic comedy musical.
The Chickencoop Chinaman is a 1972 play by Frank Chin.
It was first produced at Caffe Cino in 1964, a coffeehouse and small theatre run by Joseph Cino, a pioneer of the Off-Off-Broadway theatre movement.
The celebrated French actress Marguerite Moreno was the inspiration for the piece.
Its American première occurred at the Edison Theatre, in New York City, on 13 November 1974.
The set consists solely of their bedroom, dominated by the large fourposter bed in the center of the room.
The play was adapted into a successful 1950 film of the same name.
Actors William Challee and Ruth Nelson were a married couple.
It concerns the lead-up to the Hungarian Uprising and its aftermath.
The Knights won first prize at the Lenaia festival when it was produced in 424 BC.
Set in the 14th century, the play is the earliest fully developed dramatisation of the Don Juan legend.
Médée is a dramatic tragedy in five acts written in alexandrine verse by Pierre Corneille in 1635.
Red Hot Patriot: The Kick-Ass Wit of Molly Ivins is a 2010 play written by twin sisters Margaret Engel and Allison Engel.
Beautiful Thing is a play written by Jonathan Harvey and first performed in 1993.
It continued at the 48th Street Theatre November 11, 1934 – January 5, 1935.
John, Paul, George, Ringo … and Bert is a 1974 musical by Willy Russell based on the story of The Beatles.
The Palace of Eternal Life, also translated as The Palace of Eternal Youth, is a play written by Hong Sheng in the Qing Dynasty.
The Christmas Princess is a children's play comedy written by Arthur M. Jolly.
The play originally was produced Off-Broadway at the 45 Bleecker Street theatre.
Of Mice and Men is a play adapted from John Steinbeck's 1937 novel of the same name.
Almost an Evening began previews March 20, 2008 and ran through June 1, 2008.
It concerns a divorced couple who, while honeymooning with their new spouses, discover that they are staying in adjacent rooms at the same hotel.
The play was first produced at the Abbey Theatre on 20 March 1961.
This play gained its name because in the manuscript it immediately follows another nativity play involving the shepherds.
The set design calls for a "huge black-face mask" to dominate the stage, and minstrel masks are worn in the opening.
The play also deals with the irascibility of Nero and his inability to take heed of the philosopher Seneca's advice to rein in his passions.
The Face of Jizo is a Japanese play written by Hisashi Inoue.
Orvin – Champion Of Champions is a 2003 musical play by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn, with music by Denis King.
The play is a mixture of comedy, drama, and music, set at an inner-city building in a predominantly African-American neighborhood.
The play's denunciation of aristocratic privilege has been characterised as foreshadowing the French Revolution.
The Drag is a dramatic play written by Mae West under her pen name Jane Mast.
He won his trial and the comedy could at last be performed.
Originally called The Treasure in its earlier incarnation, Aleichem changed the title after another play appeared with the same name.
Corneille wrote this piece at the age of 29 and had already written seven other plays.
The Beautiful Violin is a play by Adam Strickson.
The play is not based on Louis Bromfield's 1924 novel The Green Bay Tree.
Corneille addresses the question of clemency and advocates an end to spiraling vengeance.
A film version of the play, scripted by Webb and titled Four Knights is to be produced by The Weinstein Company, directed by Paul McGuigan.
Danton's Death was the first play written by Georg Büchner, set during the French Revolution.
Eventually the musical production launched the careers of many of the "hottest" idols in Japan, like Kimeru, Takumi Saitou , Kazuki Katou, and Yuu Shirota.
In 2014 the play was performed at the Arcola Theatre.
It is set on Christmas Eve in Baldoyle, a coastal suburb north of Dublin city.
This production was directed by Terry Kinney and starred Gary Sinise, Amy Morton, Tim Sampson, Eric Johner, and Ross Lehman.
Iphigenia in Tauris is a drama by the playwright Euripides, written between 414 BC and 412 BC.
The experience led him to stay with acting and he first entered movies later that year in The Murder Man.
Rachel Corrie was an American Evergreen State College student and member of the International Solidarity Movement who traveled to the Gaza Strip during the Second Intifada.
Svapnavasavadattam is a Sanskrit play in six acts written by the ancient Indian poet Bhasa.
The novel was originally published in serial format in the journal L'Artiste and in book format in December of the same year.
Jeff Goldblum replaced Alan Rickman as Leonard on April 1, 2012.
Arlequin roi de Serendib is a three-act farce by Alain-René Lesage.
It was written in response to comments that Ayckbourn only ever wrote about unhappy couples.
The principal drawback to the blood knot is the dexterity required to tie it.
It scrutinizes the sexual morals and class ideology of its day through a series of encounters between pairs of characters.
"What David Hare is unneutral about - what he's deeply against - is extremism.
It was produced by a theatre group called Sutradhar.
A production directed by Gedalia Besser opened at the Circle in the Square Theatre in New York on 30 April 1989.
Herzl is a 1976 play written by Dore Schary and Amos Elon based on the biography written by Elon.
The musical was staged from June 1939 to 10 February 1940, totaling 274 presentations.
In the second act, Mary Margaret uses a wheelchair and has a slight speech impediment due to a stroke.
In particular, he says that the play should not be considered as "clash of cultures."
The Decision, frequently translated as The Measures Taken, is a Lehrstück and agitprop cantata by the twentieth-century German dramatist Bertolt Brecht.
Cooney directed his own play and also played the part of Henry Perkins.
Nonetheless, the production won the 1953 Tony Award for Best Play.
The Age noted that it "combines character sketches, short readings, biographical material and mordant commentary".
I'm Herbert is a scattered conversation between Herbert and Muriel, an elderly couple with memory problems who try in vain to recall their earlier relationships.
The play is not divided into acts and scenes in the traditional manner, but it does nevertheless fall into sections.
It made its American premiere in May 2010, at the Manhattan Theatre Club, running through until 27 June.
The play debuted on Broadway at the Sam Harris Theatre in late December 1926, directed by George Abbott, where it ran for 172 performances.
The script was released in print in 2014 by the Playwrights Canada Press.
The company reinvented Sleep No More as a co-production with Emursive, and began performances on March 7, 2011.
The original production cost $72,000 and closed after 13 performances.
The play had a Broadway run of 75 performances, with tours over the next several years that included four Broadway revivals.
Entertaining Angels is a play by Richard Everett.
New Directions Publishing reissued the play in 2010 with a new introduction by playwright John Patrick Shanley.
Inspired by Eugene O'Neill's Anna Christie, the play was originally written about a Polish American family.
Siyavush has been brought up on heroic traditions of the nation.
This was called the war of the Epigonoi; the story had been told, before Sophocles, in the lost epic Epigonoi.
It went to London's West End in 2001.
Sucker Punch is a play by the award-winning British playwright Roy Williams.
Anatol is a play by Austrian playwright Arthur Schnitzler, published in 1893.
UNESCO has inscribed Ibsen's autographed manuscripts of A Doll's House on the Memory of the World Register in 2001, in recognition of their historical value.
This production opened at the Maxine Elliott's Theatre in New York on 7 December of the same year.
It also began a dispute between Ayckbourn and the West End.
The play is about two gay men in a committed relationship with a twist, with one, Luke, being devoutly religious and the other, Adam, an atheist.
The Broadway production was directed by Don Mullally and produced by A. H. Woods.
He disguises himself to ensure that she will love him back for his character, not his wealth.
The 2009 version played at the Bedlam Theatre in the 2009 Edinburgh Festival Fringe.
It follows the downfall and death of the Roman orator Marcus Tullius Cicero.
This kind of linguistic play with words and meaning, has marked the playwright for his interest and most keen observations on the aesthetics of language.
Tartuffe, or The Impostor, or The Hypocrite, first performed in 1664, is one of the most famous theatrical comedies by Molière.
Enjoy is a comedy play written in 1980 by Alan Bennett.
Getting Gertie's Garter is a play written by Wilson Collison and Avery Hopwood.
They have come together to represent the women of the asylum in planning for an attack they believe is soon to come from the men's ward.
Deep Cut is a play to date performed by Cardiff theatre company Sherman Cymru and written by Philip Ralph.
This has led to the East End’s history of intense political activism and association with some of the country’s most influential social reformers.
Medea, the Musical is a 1994 musical comedy by American playwright John Fisher.
Broadway producer Leland Hayward acquired the rights for the play and hired Heggen and Joshua Logan for the adaptation.
It is the first installment of his decade-by-decade, ten-play chronicle, The Pittsburgh Cycle, dramatizing the African-American experience in the twentieth century.
A videotaped performance of A Tuna Christmas is available on VHS and DVD.
After working with Bankhead in 39 East, Crothers wrote Nice People expressly for her.
It follows the relationships between three generations of women.
The title of the play is a pun.
It won Punchdrunk the Elliot Norton Award for Best Theatrical Experience 2010.
The play premiered in the West End at the Cottesloe Theatre in 1995, moving to the Wyndham's Theatre in 1996.
The play opened on Broadway at the end of 2015 in a short run scheduled to close at the end of January 2016.
The play opened on Broadway in 1996 and again played the West End in 1997 and 2014.
In 1993 McKellen developed another one-man show, 'A Knight Out' but this time focusing, as well as stage roles, his now ever increasing film roles.
Man From Nebraska is about a man's loss of faith and his journey to regain it.
It was first published on 31 December 1862.
Jack had committed to do the play through November 1978.
In early 2010, the band released Simple Science, their first release in six years, followed in 2011 by the full-length There Are Rules.
Reata Winfield originated the title role in the Broadway production.
None of the early appearances of the "Happy Birthday to You" lyrics included credits or copyright notices.
The Bad Seed is a 1954 play by American playwright Maxwell Anderson, adapted from the novel of the same name by American writer William March.
The Audience is a play by the British playwright and screenwriter Peter Morgan.
It concerns the death by gunshot of four trainees and the aftermath at Deepcut Barracks in Surrey and is based on firsthand testimonies.
Becket or The Honour of God is a play written in French by Jean Anouilh.
Original funding for the project was obtained via Kickstarter in 2011.
It won the New American Comedy Festival award in 1992.
Under the Blue Sky is a three-act play written by David Eldridge.
With a record number of interpretations, it has become one of the most performed plays in France.
The River Niger is a play by American playwright Joseph A. Walker, first performed by New York City's Negro Ensemble Company off-Broadway in 1972.
Three years later an English translation was published.
Following its premiere run the play is scheduled to transfer to the West End's Theatre Royal, Haymarket from 27 August to 7 November 2015.
Never Too Late is a 1962 Broadway play by Sumner Arthur Long.
Michael Wynne won the Olivier Award for 'Best New Comedy' for "The Priory".
His writing has been noted for his immersion in his subject matter.
An attorney, Leonard J. Grossman, agrees to take the case for free with Donohue as the lead plaintiff.
The story follows a Japanese American World War II draft resister as he returns home from prison, in 1946.
It is presumed to have been written later in the Flavian period during the 1st century, after the deaths of both Nero and Seneca.
It was premiered on 15 January 1869, at the Moscow's Maly Theatre and then on 29 January at the Saint Petersburg's Alexandrinsky Theatre.
One suitor, Sganarelle, is controlling and overbearing of his intended wife Isabella.
The cast included Marie Ney, Eileen Peel, Michael Denison, Geoffrey Keen, Dulcie Gray and Edgar Norfolk.
It was the first play by an Asian American to have a major New York production.
In order to gain their trust, Merteuil and Valmont pretend to help the secret lovers so they can use them later in their own treacherous schemes.
The Birds is a comedy by the Ancient Greek playwright Aristophanes.
It is a contemporary version of the Faust legend.
Woyzeck has become one of the most performed and influential plays in the German theatre repertory.
It won the 2012 Pulitzer Prize for Drama.
The 1973 film adaptation starred Liv Ullman.
Plautus often employed "stock" characters in his plays.
The play consists of twenty-three short scenes.
Adrak Ke Punjey is an Indian satirical play written by Babban Khan.
Weekend is a 1968 comedy play by Gore Vidal starring John Forsythe, Kim Hunter, and Carol Cole.
The starring roles were played by Lynn Fontanne as Elizabeth and Alfred Lunt as Lord Essex.
It's Not All Shrovetide for the Cat is a play by Alexander Ostrovsky written in 1871 and first published in the No.
My First Time is an off-Broadway play that opened on July 12, 2007 at New World Stages and ran until January 22, 2010.
Bailey played Dad Rudd in the original production.
Live Not as You Would Like To is a play by Alexander Ostrovsky.
The Lover is a 1962 one-act play by Harold Pinter.
It was first produced in 1913 by Bailey's own company.
It is the first in O'Casey's "Dublin Trilogy" - the other two being Juno and the Paycock and The Plough and the Stars.
Controversial in its time, this play continues to be one of the most popular Telugu literary works of all time.
Moruchi Mavshi is a Marathi play written by playwright Pralhad Keshav Atre based on the English play Charley's Aunt.
The introduction was written by Loris, a pseudonym of the young Hugo von Hofmannsthal, who was a friend of Schnitzler.
Peace is an Athenian Old Comedy written and produced by the Greek playwright Aristophanes.
As with Churchill's A Mouthful of Birds, the play explores the themes of post-natal psychosis and possession.
In the European Union, the copyright for the song expired on January 1, 2017.
A year after the purchase young Jones enlisted in the American army, saw service in France, and when he returned found his property practically worthless.
It is based on the story of serial killer Dean Corll and his teenage accomplices David Brooks and Elmer Wayne Henley.
An off-Broadway production, directed by Paul Lazarus, opened on December 1, 1986 at the Judith Anderson Theatre.
The play won the 2009 Pulitzer Prize for Drama.
The play is often studied, read, and performed alongside Silence, another one-act play published soon after Landscape.
Easter is a symbolic religious drama from 1901 by Swedish playwright August Strindberg.
The drama was released in DVD in Chennai and perhaps in other cities of Tamil Nadu.
The play won multiple awards in its native South Africa.
The Cripple of Inishmaan is a dark comedy by Martin McDonagh who links the story to the real life filming of the documentary Man of Aran.
The Yasui no Hama and Kitasaga scenes have only been performed in bunraku, never yet in kabuki.
In addition to the British intervention, Soyinka calls the horseman's own conviction toward suicide into question, posing a problem that throws off the community's balance.
The play is set in Cyrene, in northern Africa, although the characters come from a range of cities around the Mediterranean, most notably, Athens.
The play was directed by Peter Snee.
The Sunshine Boys is a play by Neil Simon that was produced on Broadway in 1972 and later adapted for film and television.
Brian Keith replaced Barnard Hughes towards the end of the Broadway run, when Hughes went out on a National Tour across the US and Canada.
Oedipus is a tragedy by the French dramatist and philosopher Voltaire that was first performed in 1718.
Balsam won the Tony Award for Best Performance by a Leading Actor in a Play.
The play was commissioned by Joseph Papp and premiered in London in 1977 before playing at Papp's New York Shakespeare Festival in 1978.
Feet of Flames is an Irish dance show directed by Michael Flatley and scored by Ronan Hardiman.
The original 1905 London cast were Harley Granville-Barker as Henry Apjohn, A. G. Poulton as Teddy Bompas, and Gertrude Kingston as Aurora Bompas.
Brilliant, stylised as Brill!ant, is the eleventh studio album by the British synthpop band Ultravox, released on 25 May 2012 by Chrysalis Records.
The trilogy, nine hours in total, premiered with Voyage on 22 June 2002 at the National Theatre's Olivier auditorium in repertory, directed by Trevor Nunn.
The production starred Norbert Leo Butz and Katie Holmes, and was directed by Jack O'Brien.
It is a one-woman show with video cameos based on a real life encounter the playwright had with the artist Lucian Freud.
Quartet is a play by Ronald Harwood about aging opera singers.
It mixes the myth of Dionysus’s capture by satyrs, with the well known episode of Polyphemus, the cannibal cyclops found in the Odyssey.
When Firth left for Broadway, Dai Bradley took over the role of Alan in the London production, playing opposite Michael Jayston as Dr. Dysart.
Another episode that has been postulated as the basis for this play is Amphiaraus role in founding the Nemean Games.
The play has had a profound effect on Quebec language, culture and theatre.
Euripides' Electra is a play probably written in the mid 410s BC, likely before 413 BC.
The Dutchman may be described as a political allegory depicting black and white relations during the time Baraka wrote it.
The play is centred on a fictional football team, Blackton Rovers, their star play he_Game/214.aspx The Game at The Liverpool Playhouse]</ref>
The conflict between Agamemnon and Achilles over the fate of the young woman presages a similar conflict between the two at the beginning of the Iliad.
The cleric is a Christian Socialist, allowing Shaw—himself a Fabian Socialist—to weave political issues, current at the time, into the story.
Rhinoceros was a 1960 production of Eugène Ionesco's surrealist play of the same name, which had been written the year before.
Magnus opposes the corporation "Breakages, Limited", which controls politicians and impedes technical progress.
In 1976, Kopit was commissioned to write an original radio play by the NPR drama project Earplay.
Miller wrote the play as an allegory for McCarthyism, when the United States government ostracized people for being communists.
The Wild Duck is an 1884 play by the Norwegian playwright Henrik Ibsen.
It was probably first produced in 431 BCE at the Dionysia in a tetralogy that included the extant Medea and was awarded third prize.
The four Trojan women of the play are the same that appear in the final book of the Iliad lamenting over the corpse of Hector.
The play premiered at the Steppenwolf Theatre Company in Chicago in 2010 and subsequently ran Off-Broadway at Playwrights Horizons in fall 2012.
The play was the first time that the character of Miss Marple had been depicted outside the original books and she was portrayed by Barbara Mullen.
It made its Broadway debut at the Vanderbilt Theatre on November 2, 1921.
Hassan Mustafa plays the role of the father with Karima Mokhtar playing the role of the mother.
Uncle Vanya is a play by the Russian playwright Anton Chekhov.
The Indecent Exposure of Anthony East is a 1968 play by David Williamson.
He wrote it for radio, stage and TV.
Colin Bucksey directed the television production, which featured Paula Wilcox as Selby, Richard Vernon as Price, Clive Merrison as Dent and Derek Smith as the Mayor.
The premiere was on 5 January 1953 in the Théâtre de Babylone, Paris.
No filming was allowed during the 1988 performance.
It revolves around the central theme of "revenge".
After the Dance is a play by Terence Rattigan which premièred at the St James's Theatre, London, on 21 June 1939.
Tony n’ Tina’s Wedding is an "environmental/immersive theatre" event based on a traditional Italian-American wedding and reception, with warm and intrusive stereotypes exaggerated for comic effect.
Making History is a play written by Irish playwright Brian Friel in 1988, premiered at the Guildhall, Derry on 20 September 1988.
Damsels in Distress is a trilogy of plays written in 2001 by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn.
Via Dolorosa is a play by British dramatist David Hare, in the form of a monologue.
It had a run in Sydney in November 1930 and again in 1947.
Meet the Browns is a play written by Tyler Perry in 2004.
The Burglar and the Lady is a play written by Langdon McCormick.
Additionally, the play returned to Minnesota in 2014.
The play opened off-Broadway in October 2001 at the Second Stage Theatre.
It was released to DVD on November 3, 2009.
Set in Brookhaven, Mississippi, the play explores the themes of femininity, beauty, and the need to be accepted.
It first premiered on September 26, 1831 at the Park Theatre in New York City.
The Wingless Victory is a 1936 three-act tragedy written by Maxwell Anderson, set in the year 1800.
McCormick did not bother to ask permission for the use of either character.
Liolà is an Italian stage play written by Luigi Pirandello, which takes place in 19th century Sicily.
The Enchanted is a 1950 English adaptation by Maurice Valency of the play Intermezzo written in 1933 by French dramatist Jean Giraudoux.
This clarified, he cited it in 2003 as Stoppard's "masterpiece to date".
Kami, Perempuan was performed numerous times in 1943, and its script has been compiled in a book.
The play was published by Samuel French Limited.
Nice People was a 1921 Broadway four-act comedy written and staged by Rachel Crothers, produced by Samuel H. Harris and starring Tallulah Bankhead and Francine Larrimore.
The Underpants is the most recent adaptation of the 1910 German farce Die Hose by the playwright Carl Sternheim.
The play analyses and satirises the status of marriage in Shaw's day, with a particular focus on the necessity of liberalising divorce laws.
It is set in a mental asylum, although this fact is only revealed gradually as the story progresses.
In 2010, Eric Wallach adapted and directed The Breasts of Tiresias: A Surrealist Musical in Paris.
Much later in Europe, beginning in the early middle ages, the story of St. Thaïs also enjoyed a wide popularity.
By one estimate, the song is the highest-earning single song in history, with estimated earnings since its creation of US$50 million.
The first version of the play was written by Kermit Hunter and opened on July 1, 1950, to wide acclaim.
The film won 1959 Blue Ribbon Awards for best actor Raizo Ichikawa and for best cinematography Kazuo Miyagawa.
The Doctor's Dilemma is a play by George Bernard Shaw first staged in 1906.
Abigail's Party is a play for stage and television devised and directed in 1977 by Mike Leigh.
The pageant features 700 cast members, 1,300 costumes, and a 10-level stage.
She must decide whether to stay with him, and seeks advice from her friend, Tony Cooke.
Tonight We Improvise is a play by Luigi Pirandello.
Wilson began writing this play by playing with the various answers regarding the possibility of "acquir[ing] a sense of self-worth by denying one's past".
It contains many historical inaccuracies, which the author acknowledged.
Her desperate desire for motherhood becomes an obsession that eventually drives her to commit a horrific crime.
The Off-Broadway production, which ran from September 11 – October 23, 2011 at the New York Theatre Workshop, earned awards for its sound design.
Set in Colonial America during the Revolutionary era, the play tells the story of Richard Dudgeon, a local outcast and self-proclaimed "Devil's disciple".
The Philadelphia Story is a 1939 American comic play by Philip Barry.
Poe wrote the play during his time with the Southern Literary Messenger and during some personal crises.
Meeting Joe Strummer is a two-handed play by Paul Hodson
Sonya, the professor's daughter by his first wife, who has worked with Vanya to keep the estate going, suffers from her unrequited feelings for Dr. Astrov.
The plot revolves around Hannibal's attempt to capture Rome during the Second Punic War.
The play premiered at the Beijing People's Art Theatre and was directed by Lin Zhaohua, the Deputy Director of the People's Art Theatre.
The play premiered in the United States, then in London's Noël Coward Theatre, in the West End, directed by Michael Grandage.
It got a production at the Manhattan Theatre Club off-Broadway in 1984 directed by Stephen Tobolowsky, who was Henley's romantic partner at the time.
The play was unpublished during Shaw's lifetime.
Barrie Rutter, the company's artistic director, failed to find a copy of the script in Britain.
Bottom Live – The Stage Show is a live stage show based on the UK TV series Bottom.
Shaw titled the volume Plays Pleasant in order to contrast it with his first book of plays, Plays Unpleasant.
The plays shared the themes of ghosts, but the stories and characters themselves were unconnected.
She leaves her hippy boyfriend, Jimmy, to live with Danvers, but eventually returns to Jimmy, leaving Danvers bereft.
as well as an extremely tedious intrafamily talent contest performed after intermission."
The play is dedicated to Ralph Warton.
Bankhead won a Variety Award for Best Actress and the New York Drama Critics Award for Best Actress of the Year for her role as Sabina.
Various members of the cast greeted the audience as they exited through the lobby.
After his release, he published the play from exile in Paris, but he wrote no further comic or dramatic work.
Very similar in tone, plot, and characters to the film Rebel Without a Cause, the play follows four students at Joe McCarthy High.
Emerald City is a 1987 play by Australian playwright David Williamson, a satire about two entertainment industries: film and publishing.
The company gave the first public performance two days later in the Hôtel de Bourgogne in Paris.
The Unfortunate Mother is a tragic play by Thomas Nabbes, first published in 1640 but not performed until 2013, almost 400 years later.
The Miracle Worker is a three-act play by William Gibson adapted from his 1957 Playhouse 90 teleplay of the same name.
A West End revival played in London in 2015 starring Dame Kristin Scott Thomas in the lead role.
The story fictionalizes the 1925 Scopes "Monkey" Trial as a means to discuss the then-contemporary McCarthy trials.
It is the highest in the world in both absolute terms and relative to median salary in the US.
Meanwhile, Howarth's pregnant wife is far from happy about having someone to stay in the midst of her fears about parenting.
McSweeney's published the play in the Fall of 2010.
The play was originally dedicated to Nikolai Nikolaevich Solovtsov, Chekhov's boyhood friend and director/actor who first played the character Smirnov.
The play follows Rhona's mother and killer over the years that follow.
The play was published by Collins in May 1973.
It is set in a strange word where bad pop groups go, and the play involves help from the audience in solving puzzles to escape.
Productions have included performances by Aasif Mandvi and Erik Jensen.
Shakes versus Shav is a puppet play written by George Bernard Shaw.
Robyn had practically begged Cate to take over the STC.
Varesi also played the lead role of opera singer Madame Lisa Della Robia with Norman Trevor playing her husband Gerald Fitzgerald.
He was so unimpressed with his own work that the published text was humorously subtitled "a Disgrace to the Author".
The rewritten version was first produced at the Group Theatre on 24 October 1961.
The work is of unknown authorship, and various possible authors have been proposed, including a young Shakespeare, though this view is not widely accepted by scholars.
It was Wilde's first play, and the first to be performed.
Shaw regularly attacked conventional medicine in his works.
Players routinely initiate illegal contact to purposely affect the play, hoping it is seen as too minor to be called a foul.
Sleuth is a 1970 play written by Anthony Shaffer.
Some people went to it every week as long as it ran."
The play is published by Dramatists Play Service, Inc..
Captain Starlight, or Gentleman of the Road is a 1911 Australian silent film about the bushranger Captain Starlight.
Though initially a success, the play's flippant portrayal of Hitler and fascism have limited revivals in later years.
It is notable for being largely written in rhyming couplets.
In total, it can be performed in approximately one hour.
The play was the most popular of Eliot's seven plays in his lifetime, although his 1935 play, Murder in the Cathedral, is better remembered today.
Written in 1755 while the author was living in Potsdam, it is seen by many scholars to be one of the first bourgeois tragedies.
It was first staged at the Royal Court Theatre downstairs in 2010.
Persa is a comedic Latin play by the early Roman playwright Titus Maccius Plautus.
Maeterlinck dedicated the play to Aurélien Lugné-Poe, a theatre director who had supported several of his earlier works.
Mi Minör's digital versions operate on Twitter, Ustream, and via its own smart phone app.
The Lady Aoi was expressed as a Western-style Opera.
Thunder Rock is a 1939 play by Robert Ardrey.
The Castle of Perseverance is a c. 15th century morality play and the earliest known full-length vernacular play in existence.
The show ran Tuesday to Friday at 8pm, Saturday at 7 and 10pm, and Sunday at 3 and 7pm.
Minamoto no Yoshitsune, the famous general, is being pursued by agents of his brother, Minamoto no Yoritomo, who has recently established himself as Shogun.
Both involve the same couple, Will Paxton and Sarika Chatterjee.
Quality Street is a comedy in four acts by J. M. Barrie, written before his more famous work Peter Pan.
A second production opened on Broadway on September 16, 1912 for 256 performances.
This was actor James Gregory's Broadway debut, as Jerry.
for colored girls... tells the stories of seven women who have suffered oppression in a racist and sexist society.
HIGH explores the universal themes of truth, forgiveness, redemption and human fallibility.
The story centres on Charlie Conlon and Jake Quinn, who, like much of the town, are employed as extras for the filming.
The play has two acts and follows the convention of the classical unities.
It features an early screen performance by Peter Finch, who plays a convict who falls in love with the wife of a sea captain.
The play originally premiered in 1986 at the Alliance Theatre in Atlanta, Georgia, and soon played Off-Broadway.
Private Fears in Public Places is a 2004 play by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn.
Alec Coppel was an Australian-born screenwriter, novelist and playwright.
Though Vasantasenā is a courtesan, her exemplary attitude and dignified behavior impress the audience.
In a series of dreamlike vignettes and poetic monologues, they commiserate about the difficulties they face as black artists.
A film based on the play was released in 1941; the story has also been adapted for television and radio.
Blending naturalism, horror and magical realism, it is a story of love, loss and revenge.
In 2001, the Steppenwolf Theatre Company produced a Broadway revival, winning the Tony Award for Best Play Revival.
The comedy premiered at the Music Box Theatre on November 29, 2012, and closed on January 6, 2013.
It has been written by Pradeep Dalvi.
The play won the 2001 Pulitzer Prize for Drama and Tony Award for Best Play.
It was revived at the King's Head in August 2015, directed by Geoffrey Hyland.
There also were foreign-language productions of the play in Denmark and Slovenia in 2004.
Hauptmann was awarded the Grillparzer Prize in 1896 for the play.
The first installment of Politian was published in that journal in December 1835 as "Scenes from an Unpublished Drama".
An Act of God is a play by David Javerbaum.
In 1988, Warner/Chappell Music purchased the company owning the copyright for US$25 million, with the value of "Happy Birthday" estimated at US$5 million.
Black Coffee is a play by the British crime-fiction author Agatha Christie which was produced initially in 1930.
Twenty-nine years later, a new production of Enjoy toured and then moved to the Gielgud Theatre in January 2009.
The plot focuses on Josh, a high school student who murders his parents and five classmates.
He wrote it while working as a press agent at Warner Bros..
John Huston was so angered at the deficiencies in the play that he barred producer Jerry Wald from the set of the film.
The play was developed by members of The Arts Effect All-Girl Theater Company to address the damaging impact of slut-shaming and slut culture.
It is Ridley's fifth adult stage play and premiered at the Plymouth Theatre Royal, moving to the Menier Chocolate Factory in London, in 2005.
Blasted is the first play by the British author Sarah Kane.
The piece is structured in the style of a Ballad-opera, with songs and choruses, and also has music underlying dialogue, like a melodrama.
This was a Sunday, so the premiere took place the next day.
It was the final Ayckbourn play to be premièred at the Stephen Joseph Theatre's old Westwood site.
Taking place near the same time is Hecuba, another play by Euripides.
It was adapted into a film of the same name in 1987, starring Barbra Streisand and Richard Dreyfuss.
Formed in 1995, the band was a major player in the mid-1990s emo scene, otherwise known as the "second wave" of emo music.
Convinced the two have no future together, Toni attempts suicide, and a guilt-ridden Julian rashly proposes he leave his wife so the couple can be together.
Billington added that "The play raises a difficult question, especially for those opposed to the recent war: what should the west have done about Iraq?"
Back to Methuselah by George Bernard Shaw consists of a preface and a series of five plays: In the Beginning: B.C.
Lemmon was nominated for both a Tony and a Drama Desk Award for his performance.
Two different versions of the play were published in the Jacobean era, several years later.
Biley or Bilay is a 2012 Bengali drama created by Bengali theatre group Lokkrishti, This is a dramatisation of the life and works of Swami Vivekananda.
Other Desert Cities involves a family with differing political views and a long-held family secret.
Goodnight Mister Tom is a play by David Wood, based on the children's novel of the same name by Michelle Magorian.
Except for a few fragments, Alcmaeon in Corinth has been lost.
The "play" begins in medias res, with the characters discussing Delia.
Prior to its Broadway production, the play was introduced at the Hampstead Theatre in London, later playing in repertory at the National Theatre in London.
It was first performed by the Comédie Italienne in 1784.
It was then performed on Broadway on 15 April 1999.
It is set on July 4, 1944, the same day as Talley's Folly and thirty-three years prior to the events in Fifth of July.
A scene between Mary and Elizabeth never actually happened as they never met.
The Heidi Chronicles is a 1988 play by Wendy Wasserstein.
It was first performed by the Comédie Italienne in 1782.
The complete text of the Svapnavasavadattam was long lost until it was discovered in Kerala in 1912.
One family struggles to live their day-to-day lives.
It was more financially successful than Man, although it received mixed critical reviews.
The play illustrates their final hours in the Guildhall, their failed escape and the tribunal into their deaths.
Crime, like disease, is not interesting: it is something to be done away with by general consent, and that is all [there is] about it.
The Native Born is an Australian play written by Bert Bailey and Edmund Duggan under the name of Albert Edmunds.
In Good King Charles's Golden Days is a play by George Bernard Shaw, subtitled A True History that Never Happened.
Its premiere in the Lyttelton auditorium of the Royal National Theatre was directed by Howard Davies.
It is about a nine-year-old girl, Winnie, who has an essay to write about her day, and records the shenanigans of grown-ups around her.
Gemini is a play by Albert Innaurato.
Diamond into a 1969 feature film directed by Gene Saks.
The 2014 production transferred to Broadway in 2015.
Mamma Togni is a dramatic monologue by Dario Fo, set in Italy during the Second World War.
Presence is the third full-length play by Scottish playwright David Harrower.
In 2015 the published script was reissued under the Methuen Drama Modern Classics range, recognising the play's impact on modern British theatre.
The song is a calypso-styled, mid-tempo ballad, and is about breaking up with one's old partner and finding someone new.
The two character man-woman play is now a Broadway staple.
The title is taken from the 1938 torch song of the same title by Duke Ellington.
Bhopal is a play by Canadian playwright Rahul Varma about the Bhopal disaster.
This black comedy play is set in the Women's House of Detention in Greenwich Village.
Madmen and Specialists is a play by Wole Soyinka, conceived in 1970 during his imprisonment in the Nigerian Civil War.
Lucky Guy is a play by Nora Ephron that premiered in 2013, the year after her death.
It was adapted into a television film in 1996 by Hallmark Entertainment starring Tony Goldwyn, Courtney Vance, Nathan Lane, Robert Sean Leonard, and Mare Winningham.
Key Largo was a 1939 Broadway play written in blank verse by Maxwell Anderson that became the basis for the 1948 film by the same name.
It is set in Ancient Egypt, and followed the exploits of the Egyptian Pharaoh Akhnaton, his wife Nefertiti and his successor Tutankhaton.
It premiered at the Dagmar Theatre in Copenhagen in March 1889.
Lee Strasberg played the minor role of First Soldier in the production; Sanford Meisner, too, played a minor part.
The trilogy received its Japanese premiere at Theater Cocoon, Bunkamura in Tokyo on 12 September 2009 and completed its run on 4 October 2009.
The version published by Currency Press is for the theatre.
Pleasure Man is a 1928 drama/murder mystery play by Mae West.
Seascape is a play by American playwright Edward Albee.
The play is based on Thomas Wolfe's largely autobiographical novel of the same title, which was published in 1929.
The producing duo of Wagenhals and Colin Kemper opened it on Broadway at the Herald Square Theatre on January 31, 1905.
It was the 2010 Tony Award winner for Best Play.
It premiered at The Ensemble Studio Theatre in April, 2012.
It opened at Broadway's Lyceum Theatre on 12 December 1958 and ran for 266 performances, closing on 27 June 1959.
It was written in 1893 but the strict British Censorship laws at the time meant that it was not produced on stage until 1902.
The plot told of Odysseus' death, accidentally killed by his son Telegonus.
The play debuted in 1967 at the Abbey Theatre in Dublin, with Frank Grimes as the young Behan.
Williams and Sears regularly toured the country to perform all four plays, with Howard directing.
Goethe wrote the first version of his play in six weeks, and it was first performed on April 6, 1779, in prose form.
The work is derived from Glass's own experiences as Biddle's assistant from 1967-68.
It is about two women, one thin and one fat, who have their bodies swapped as a result of a botched operation.
The play had its British première in an amateur production in 1970 and a professional production at the Oxford Playhouse in 1971.
Porgy marked the Broadway directing debut of Rouben Mamoulian.
'Art' played on Broadway in New York from February 12, 1998 to August 8, 1999, again produced by Pugh and Connery, plus Joan Cullman.
The play does not directly portray the events leading to Faulkner's death; instead the jury must rely on character testimony to decide whether Andre is guilty.
“Although this discarded piece of theatre is dated ‘circa 1960’ in End and Odds, a manuscript from two years earlier exists in Trinity College, Dublin, Library.
The play is performed without a set on a mostly bare stage.
Mansfield's last nightclub act French Dressing was at Latin Quarter in New York City in 1966.
Hugh Marjoe Ross Gortner is a former evangelist preacher and actor.
The play consists of 27 subdividing pictures in 10 major scenes.
The Knights was the fourth play written by Aristophanes, who is considered the master of an ancient form of drama known as Old Comedy.
The Raigne of King Edward the Third, commonly shortened to Edward III, is an Elizabethan play printed anonymously in 1596.
All four of these plays were set as one act operas by Russian composers; Dargomyzhsky, Rimsky-Korsakov, Rachmaninov, and for the Feast, Cesar Cui.
This version has been performed since then.
The October 1981 production was confirmed before a single page of the adaptation was written.
The play is based on the religious doctrine of Yakub as taught by the Nation of Islam.
Shaw would also have been familiar with the burlesque version, Galatea, or Pygmalion Reversed.
The Broadway production, produced and directed by Guthrie McClintic, opened on September 25, 1935 at the Martin Beck Theatre, where it ran for 195 performances.
Consequently, the character of Elisabeth in the play is also the narrator.
Manga-based musicals were not frequently seen, if at all.
One year previously, Black Coffee, Christie's first performed stage play, had opened at the same theatre.
Sodom and Gomorrah is a play by French dramatist Jean Giraudoux.
It ran for 65 performances from November 28, 1934, to January 1935 at the Morosco Theatre.
The original French production premièred at the Théâtre du Palais-Royal on 1 February 1973 and ran for almost 1,800 performances.
It was adapted as an opera by the composer Claude Debussy, and it inspired other contemporary composers, for instance, Gabriel Fauré, Arnold Schoenberg, and Jean Sibelius.
The eventful life of Swami Vivekananda has been depicted in this drama.
The plot focuses around a petition to ban nuclear weapons, which is introduced by Louis Flax, a strong-willed, opinionated research fellow who is courting Stella.
The Breaking Point was a 1923 Broadway three-act drama written by Mary Roberts Rinehart, produced by Wagenhals and Collin Kemper and staged by Kemper.
The play followed Corneille's first true tragedy, Médée, produced in 1635.
It was later adapted as a film of the same name, directed by the American Ossie Davis.
It won the 2003 Pulitzer Prize for Drama.
It debuted alongside another of Rustan and Franks co-written plays, Murder Me Once.
Joanna Settle directed the play's first productions.
The Ramona Outdoor Play, formerly known as The Ramona Pageant, is an outdoor play staged annually in Hemet, California since 1923.
In adapting Sophocles' Athenian tragedy Oedipus Rex, Voltaire attempted to rationalise the plot and motivation of its characters.
Sive  is a play by the Irish writer John B. Keane, first performed in Listowel, County Kerry in 1959.
The setting is a hotel suite that moves through time from 1974 to 2014.
Belonging to the repertories of the Naritaya and Kōritaya guilds, the play was first performed in March 1840 at the Kawarazaki-za, in Edo.
A remark in Philodemus' book about music leads scholars to believe that the dispute between Alcmaeon and Adrastus was somehow resolved through the power of music.
"Do not go gentle into that good night, Old age should burn and rave at close of day; Rage, rage against the dying of the light."
The play was first staged in 1766, but was not a success.
The title is the name of a character in the 1915 French movie serial Les Vampires and is an anagram for the word "vampire."
The Game of Love and Chance was first performed 23 January 1730 by the Comédie Italienne.
Excerpts of the play were released on CD.
Life Is a Dream is a Spanish-language play by Pedro Calderón de la Barca.
The Department is a 1974 play by David Williamson about political intrigue at a university department.
For the psychological and social phenomenon, see: Imaginary friends.
The play is a modern adaptation of Seneca's Phaedra.
Women Behind Bars is a camp spoof theatrical play of the exploitation films produced by Universal, Warner Bros. and Republic Pictures in the 1950s.
The Devil with Boobs is a two-act play by Dario Fo, recipient of the 1997 Nobel Prize in Literature.
The first play, Greater Tuna, debuted in 1981 in Austin; Red, White and Tuna debuted in 1998.
The Destiny of Me is a play by Larry Kramer.
The Bat is a Broadway play by Mary Roberts Rinehart and Avery Hopwood first produced in 1920.
and also in an acting edition published by Dramatists Play Service.
It was first performed in London opening at the Globe Theatre on 1 July 1960.
The play premiered on March 16, 1997, Off-Broadway at the Vineyard Theatre.
It was first performed on 24 November 1887 at the Théâtre de la Porte Saint-Martin in Paris, with Sarah Bernhardt in the title role.
Throughout, Wilder uses metatheatrical devices, setting the play in the actual theatre where it is being performed.
Overruled is a comic one-act play written by George Bernard Shaw.
After Teater Koma gave an initial two-week run, it was adapted by various amateur groups.
Private Yuk Objects is a 1966 Australian play about the Vietnam War.
It was featured on Broadway in 1894 and starred Maude Adams.
Diderot followed this play with a treatise on theatre entitled Entretiens sur le fils naturel.
Laurence Olivier appeared as Julian, Jill Esmond as Leonora, James Dale as Mr. Dulcimer, O. P. Heggie as Mr Owen and Leo G. Carroll as Trump.
It was first produced by the New Playwrights' Theatre in New York, opening on January 12 1928.
Anderson initially offered the play to The Group Theater with the stipulation that Meredith, a non-member, play the lead.
Fess Parker began his show business career in the play, in 1951.
It is based upon McPherson's experiences with older relatives who lived in Florida.
Tucci was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Play for her performance.
The production premiered in the Royal National Theatre's Olivier Theatre, London, in 2003.
Its second act love scene was nearly censored in Britain as too risqué.
The production was directed by Rupert Goold in a co-production with Headlong.
The play is set in 1926 and is described as a comedy in 14 Scenes.
Rosalie and Dorval then realize that the love that they share is familial rather than romantic.
John Fielden has discussed further the appropriateness of characterising Saint Joan as a tragedy.
It features a play within a play.
The play is currently being produced by PW Productions, led by Peter Wilson.
It is dedicated by the author to Mark Ravenhill.
One of his later works, a novel/essay on "'pataphysics", is offered as an explanation behind the ideas that underpin Ubu Roi.
Communicating Doors is a play written in 1994 by Alan Ayckbourn.
It is currently published by Playscripts, Inc..
It premiered in Chicago and has had Off-Broadway and Off West End engagements.
Outside Edge is a play by Richard Harris about a cricket team trying to win a game of cricket whilst sorting out their various marital problems.
Kwee Tek Hoay's first stage play, Allah jang Palsoe was written as a realist response to whimsical contemporary theatres.
Following readings in New York City and Los Angeles, A Steady Rain was staged by Chicago Dramatists in 2007.
It debuted on stage on December 9, 2006 at the Justo Albert Auditorium at the PLM Main Campus.
The plays take older Nō plots or traditional and foreign fairy tales and bring them to a modern setting.
The production is presented by ITV Studios and Phil McIntyre Entertainments.
La Bête is a comedy by American playwright, David Hirson.
It is written in a mix of Urdu and Dakhni.
The play premiered at the Actors Theatre of Louisville in Louisville, Kentucky on 8 March 1994.
It is currently running at the Moscow Art Theatre in Moscow, Russia under the name "№ 13D".
The Antiquarian's Family, or The Mother-in-law and the Daughter is a comedy by Venetian author Carlo Goldoni, first published in 1749.
The play is a stage adaptation of Mailer's 1980 book, Of Women and Their Elegance, an imaginary memoir told in Monroe's voice.
He follows a “Be fair” behest and stands up for the interest of nation.
It was also a top attraction in London's West End for three years between 1967 and 1970.
The play premiered in Basel on 8 February 1969.
It is described by Williams as "nothing more nor less than my conception of the time and the world I live in."
The plot focuses on Ruth and Eileen Sherwood, sisters from Ohio who relocate to New York City in search of fame and fortune.
The original production of the play premiered on Broadway in 1936, and played for 838 performances.
The play concerns the moral choices of its characters, warlord Goetz, clergy Heinrich, communist leader Nasti and others during the German Peasants' War.
It has been performed in several venues.
In 1920, producer Albert H. Woods staged the play on Broadway and on tour across the United States.
Additionally, it was the inspiration for the title of Edward Albee's 1963 play Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?
It recounts the story of the 2002 Siege of the Church of the Nativity in Bethlehem.
It tells the story of the fictional American small town of Grover's Corners between 1901 and 1913 through the everyday lives of its citizens.
It also served as the basis for the 1960 television sitcom of the same title.
House and Garden are a diptych of plays written by the English playwright Alan Ayckbourn, first performed in 1999.
Today is played mostly on special occasions, such as to celebrate an actor's name changing ceremony.
Le Bon Père is a one act comedy by Jean-Pierre Claris de Florian.
Though appreciated by many audiences, the original run was shut down by the Anti-Spiritual Pollution Campaign after only 13 performances.
If I Were You is a 2006 play by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn.
It was originally developed from workshops and showcased at New Mexico State University, with Frelich and Steinberg in the lead roles.
The Select is a stage adaptation of Ernest Hemingway's novel The Sun Also Rises by Elevator Repair Service theater ensemble.
The Full Monty is a comedy play written by Simon Beaufoy, from his original screenplay for the 1997 film The Full Monty.
It precedes Biloxi Blues and Broadway Bound.
It later became a 1944 film by 20th Century Fox that featured some of the same actors who repeated their roles in the film.
Its first production, from 4 March 1841 at the Theatre Royal, Covent Garden was Boucicault's first major success.
Alan Rickman originated the lead character, Leonard.
The two fall in love with Louise, leading to a brother vs. brother rivalry typical of epic movies.
Detroit is a play by Lisa D'Amour.
Gray later reworked this material for the chapter "The Proposal" in his novel Something Leather.
The story is believed to have incorporated the death of Argive hero Alcmaeon.
The play was published in a collection of his work issued by A & C Black.
Like many of Beckett's works, the play was originally written in French, being translated into English by Beckett himself.
Six Degrees of Separation is a play written by American playwright John Guare that premiered in 1990.
The cast starred Lisa Emery, Claudia Shear and Jessica Stone, with direction by Christopher Ashley.
A Teaspoon Every Four Hours is a comedy play written by Jackie Mason and Mike Mortman which was produced on Broadway in 1969.
Producer Albert H. Woods staged it on Broadway, where it was a hit during the 1921–22 season.
The fables are preceded by a long preface.
Drowning on Dry Land is a 2004 play by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn, his 66th to be produced.
The 39 Steps is a melodrama adapted from the 1915 novel by John Buchan and the 1935 film by Alfred Hitchcock.
The production starred Theda Bara, a popular silent film actress who was known for playing similar roles in movies.
Dead Accounts is a Broadway play written by Theresa Rebeck.
The original draft was left in a taxi cab by the author, and was never completed.
She appears to acquiesce, but as soon as Scarpia gives the order for the firing squad to use blanks, she stabs him to death.
Elisabeth was stabbed in the heart by an assassin while out walking in Geneva.
The play premiered at The Lowry in Salford Quays in August 2010.
The Seagull is a play by Russian dramatist Anton Chekhov, written in 1895 and first produced in 1896.
He tries to sell one of his boys to Zio Simone, a crabby elderly man, who becomes offended by the offer.
It is partially based on remaining fragments of tragedies by ancient Greek dramatist Phrynichos, one of the earliest tragedians.
The play expands upon the exploits of two minor characters from Shakespeare's Hamlet, the courtiers Rosencrantz and Guildenstern.
Story Theatre improvises plays from stories, myths, folk tales, and legends.
"Holofernes prefigures the misogynist ideology of the fin-de-siecle", and while Judith resists the traditional female role she is given, she cannot transcend its restrictions.
It was first performed on 25 November 1995 after the government withheld permission for several months.
'Pataphysics is, as Jarry explains, "the science of the realm beyond metaphysics".
It premiered on 15 June 2010 in a production at the Olivier auditorium of the Royal National Theatre in London directed by Richard Eyre.
Cyclops is an ancient Greek satyr play by Euripides.
The play was published in 1965 by Hill and Wang, New York, and was first performed in 1962 at Society Hill Playhouse, Philadelphia.
Gershe, Katselas, Heckart, and Glaser were reunited for the 1972 screen adaptation with Edward Albert and Goldie Hawn.
Just prior, his father suffered a debilitating stroke, which inspired Kopit to write the play about the language disorder and psychological perspective of a stroke victim.
The Somonyng of Everyman, usually referred to simply as Everyman, is a late 15th-century morality play.
In a dramatic scene the husband is killed.
The play was Tzara's last Dada production.
However, by the time of its completion in May 1939, it had turned into a Shavian Restoration comedy.
Cruise Control is a 2014 play by David Williamson.
The original Broadway production proved to be a commercial success, recouping its $2.75 million investment in under four months.
Headstrong is an American play by Patrick Link, commissioned by the EST/Sloan Project.
Witness for the Prosecution is a play adapted by Agatha Christie from her short story.
The play was also revived in 1895 as The Prairie King.
Its original cast featured Michael Redgrave as Dean, daughter Vanessa, in one of her first major stage roles, as Stella, and Alan Dobie as Louis.
An Evening with Lucian Freud is a 2015 play written by Laura-Jane Foley.
Complications arise when Toni decides the two must find her a new beau so everyone concerned can live happily ever after.
It is making an encore performance in Paris in January 2012.
Rudens is a play by Roman author Plautus, thought to have been written around 211 BC.
", a reference to the play's illogical progression.
It is about the treatment of accused communists in post-Cold War America.
The Devil's Disciple is an 1897 play written by Irish dramatist George Bernard Shaw.
Considered shocking to Euripides' contemporaries, Medea and the suite of plays that it accompanied in the City Dionysia festival came last in the festival that year.
He wrote in his preface to the play:
The play embraces such themes as the conflict between dogmatism and scientific evidence, as well as interrogating the values of constancy in the face of oppression.
It made its world premiere at the Royal Lyceum Theatre, Edinburgh in September 2014, before transferring to the Citizens Theatre, Glasgow.
In 1891 Constantin Stanislavski directed the first public performance in Moscow for his amateur Society of Art and Literature in its theatre on Tverskaya Street.
His career revolves around sordid divorce cases, and he's come to despise both his clients and his colleagues.
Funeral Games is a 50 minute television play by Joe Orton.
The Duck House is a 2013 comedy farce play written by Dan Patterson and Colin Swash.
The Contingency Plan was published in 2009.
It is an adaptation of the Brothers Grimm's Maid Maleen.
It takes its title from William Blake's The Marriage of Heaven and Hell: "The tigers of wrath are wiser than the horses of instruction."
Alcmaeon in Corinth is a play by Greek dramatist Euripides.
The play was created because Shaw was practicing French with his friend Ida Beatty.
It premiered on 26 March 1952 at the Munich Kammerspiele, directed by Hans Schweikart.
The French text was accompanied by an English translation by Norman Denny and an introduction by Stanley Weintraub.
Alex Jennings played Kittel, Jonathan Cullen played Srulik, and Maria Friedman played Hayyah.
Also, their weakness relative to other tribes meant they were regularly raided.
It was first performed by Daly in New York as a curtain raiser for The Man of Destiny.
The title comes from the poem "Harlem" by Langston Hughes.
Appearing in the cast were Melvyn Douglas and Glenda Farrell.
The ending of Summer Brave is the main substantive difference between it and Picnic, with Madge staying rather than running after Hal.
I admit that I prefer it to the version of the play that was produced [originally], but I don't necessarily expect others to agree .
The title is a quote taken from the novel's first page: "I am a camera with its shutter open, quite passive, recording, not thinking."
The play had its premiere at the Barter Theatre in Abingdon, Virginia in 1969.
Despite being an historical drama, the play uses modern language, including an abundance of profanity and slang.
The characters of Tartuffe, Elmire, and Orgon are considered among the greatest classical theatre roles.
It was produced by Michael Myerberg and directed by Elia Kazan.
Live Bird made its premier at the Institute of Contemporary Art, Boston, Massachusetts in 1995.
Its name translates from Latin as The Haunted House.
It studies the laws that "govern exceptions and will explain the universe supplementary to this one".
The Realistic Joneses is a play by Will Eno.
The feminist play explores themes of violence, revenge, domesticity, and questions the roles of western women at the end of the 20th century.
Seminar is a Broadway play by Theresa Rebeck.
The play takes its title from the poem When I have Fears that I may Cease to Be by John Keats.
Ultimately Peribáñez must kill the Comendador in order to protect his wife from his advances.
Serenading Louie is a play by Lanford Wilson.
Les Belles-soeurs is a two-act play written by Michel Tremblay in 1965.
The play premiered as L'homme qui in 1993 after an extensive period of research, improvisation and exploration.
Afraid to step outside her house, the Chinese-born Marcus, who was adopted as a baby, nevertheless wants to meet her biological mother.
Golden Child is a play by American playwright David Henry Hwang.
It was first produced in 1959 at the Théâtre de la Renaissance in Paris.
The production was directed by Jamie Lloyd.
The play which marked Perry's playwriting debut made its West End and world premiere at the Playhouse Theatre, in February 2016.
The play has often been interpreted as a kind of satirical commentary on Shaw's own highly successful earlier play Candida.
The Apollo of Bellac is a comedic one-act play written in 1942 by French dramatist Jean Giraudoux.
Quade produced the show in Chicago, and in 2000, was nominated for a Los Angeles Drama Circle Critics Award.
The prototype, a short-lived one-act play called Exits, was written and performed in 1977.
This production opened on 27 April 1989.
He recounted this event in the prologue of Johan Padan and the Discovery of the Americas.
Because of its length, around five hours if uncut, the play has sometimes been produced with a dinner break or on consecutive evenings.
Mamet banned the play from being put on in New York in 1985, but lifted the ban unexpectedly in 1996 for actress Danielle Kwatinetz.
Another fragment posits the view that "for victims of envy find that ill repute wins out over shameful rather than over honorable actions."
It was first performed at the Chichester Festival Theatre in October, 1999.
It was performed 64 times on Broadway, opening on January 26, 1931, and closing March 21, 1931.
The Imaginary Invalid is a three-act comédie-ballet by the French playwright Molière with dance sequences and musical interludes by Marc-Antoine Charpentier.
The plot centers on four young working class friends and lovers who become increasingly dissatisfied with their dead-end lives and each other.
Pepe "el Romano", the love interest of Bernarda's daughters and suitor of Angustias, never appears on stage.
Processional: A Jazz Symphony of American Life is a four-act modernist comedy by the American playwright John Howard Lawson.
The nymph of the mountain in which Hermes is hiding, Cyllene, explains to them the nature of the musical instrument.
The Contrast is the first comedy written by an American citizen that was professionally produced.
Aldous Huxley controversially rewrote the play and provided a new ending, for a Chatto and Windus edition in 1924.
Set in seventeen-year-old Lucy's Sheffield council flat, the play follows a year in the promiscuous teenager's life as she makes one disastrous choice after another.
Widowers' Houses was the first play by George Bernard Shaw to be staged.
Its German premiere by the Berliner Ensemble was on October 7, 1954, at the Theater am Schiffbauerdamm, in Berlin.
It ran for 114 performances from March 24, 1941 to June 28, 1941 at the St. James Theatre.
Bus Stop is a 1955 play by William Inge.
Orson's Shadow is a play by Austin Pendleton.
The title comes from a line from W. S. Merwin's poem, "For the Anniversary of My Death".
The play premiered Off-Broadway in May 2000, and transferred to Broadway in October 2000.
It is an adaptation for the stage of Vazov's novel Chased and Unwanted and is considered a classic of Bulgarian literature.
It opened at the Morosco Theatre on 1 May 1978 and closed on 1 January 1980 after 697 performances.
The play follows Ned Weeks, a character from Kramer's play The Normal Heart.
Williams and Sears regularly tour the country to perform all four plays, with Howard directing.
Between Riverside and Crazy is a 2014 play by playwright, screenwriter, director, and actor Stephen Adly Guirgis.
It is based on an old story first made famous by the Persian poet Attar Neyshapuri in The Conference of the Birds.
A BBC radio production was broadcast in 2007 with the roles played by Samuel West, Lucy Trageer and Margaret Courtney as Pat the landlady.
It was adapted by Shaffer for the 1984 Academy Award-winning film of the same name.
It had its world premiere on November 8, 2007 at the Olympia Theatre, Dublin produced by Landmark Productions.
At the time, Baraka was in the process of divorcing his Jewish wife, Hettie Jones and embracing Black Nationalism.
The ending for Picnic was suggested by Josh Logan, the director.
This is a list of feature films and feature-length telemovies produced or filmed in New Zealand, ordered by year of release:
The play debuted at Broadway's National Theatre on 24 February 1949 before closing on May 28th after 109 performances.
The Innocents is a play written by William Archibald that premiered on Broadway in 1950 and was revived in 1976.
Newman eventually took over the lead role.
Its plot and comedic features were strongly influenced by the traditional Italian theatre of the Commedia dell'arte.
The play questions Victorian notions of love and marriage, asking what a woman really desires from her husband.
A new version with some changes was produced in 1987.
By the 1960s, The Bald Soprano had already been recognized as a modern classic and an important seminal work in the Theatre of the Absurd.
She describes her four "beautiful green fields," representing the four provinces, that have been unjustly taken from her.
The piece was standardized somewhat in the early 19th century by Danjūrō VII, and reworked again by Danjūrō IX at the end of that century.
It premiered in 1974 at the Academy Festival Theatre in Lake Forest, Illinois, and made its Off-Broadway debut in 1976.
Welles performed The Hitch-Hiker four times on radio, and the play was adapted for a notable 1960 episode of the television series The Twilight Zone.
He was eventually rejected, causing the playwright to withdraw his offer.
Created in collaboration with composer Hanns Eisler and director Slatan Dudow, it consists of eight sections in prose and unrhymed, free verse, with six major songs.
It was first performed at the Stephen Joseph Theatre in Scarborough in 1987.
The UK edition retailed for ten shillings and sixpence and the US edition at $3.00.
It is one of the three plays Shaw published as Plays Unpleasant in 1898, alongside Widowers' Houses and Mrs Warren's Profession.
According to Aristophanes of Byzantium, the plot was similar to that of Sophocles' play Antigone, with three differences.
This music still exists and has been recorded in recent years.
There are currently no plans for more performances, although low-quality audio files have begun to circulate the net.
According to the play's official web site, by 1985, Greater Tuna was the most-produced play in the United States.
Both were directed by James Ormerod, who had previously handled The Erpingham Camp.
Boy Gets Girl is a 2000 play by Rebecca Gilman.
This was apparently stated by Eriphyle to Alcmaeon shortly before he killed her.
Romanoff and Juliet is a play by Peter Ustinov.
The play is a tragicomedy about a small rural town in Ireland where many of the townspeople are extras in a Hollywood film.
The Martin Beck was renamed in 2003 for Al Hirschfeld, who drew the caricature for Yellow Jack.
It premiered in Sweden in February 1956 and then opened on Broadway in November 1956, winning the Tony Award for Best Play.
Three Men on a Horse is a play by George Abbott and John Cecil Holm.
Black Watch is a play written by Gregory Burke and directed by John Tiffany as part of the first season of the National Theatre of Scotland.
It describes a summit meeting designed to contain the increasingly dangerous behaviour of three dictators, Herr Battler, Signor Bombardone, and General Flanco.
It is believed to have been written between 1596 and 1599.
The Investigation is a play by Peter Weiss written in 1965 which depicts the Frankfurt Auschwitz Trials of 1963–1965.
Arlequin Mahomet was performed as the second play in a series consisting of La Foire de Guibray and Le Tombeau de Nostradamus.
The play's themes include the difficulty of acting honorably in a corrupt society, and the importance of maintaining personal integrity.
Crimes of the Heart is a play by American playwright Beth Henley.
Caesar Antichrist is a short 1895 play by the French writer Alfred Jarry.
The play shares the plot with the otherwise unrelated God on Trial of Frank Cottrell Boyce.
The Fox on the Fairway is a comedy by Ken Ludwig that premiered at the Signature Theatre, Arlington, Virginia, in 2010.
The plot centres on the Daleks, who are trying to take over the universe with the help of their crab-like slaves, the Clawrantulars.
Of the four plays, Red, White and Tuna is notable in that Sears' and Williams' final costume change is done in full view of the audience.
Norm and Ahmed is a 1968 Australian play by Alex Buzo.
The accusation proceeds to destroy the women's careers, relationships and lives.
The play's title references the Starry Plough flag.
Drawing its themes from The Bacchae of Euripides, it is a meditation on possession, madness and female violence.
In 2012 The Pride made its Australian debut at Red Stitch Actors Theatre, starring Lyall Brooks, Ben Geurens and Ngaire Dawn Fair under Gary Abrahams' direction.
... [He] has proved there it more than one way to play it and still preserve the horror and the tragedy."
Over more than a decade, the two learn that money is not the path to happiness.
The Wasps is the fourth in chronological order of the eleven surviving plays by Aristophanes, the master of an ancient genre of drama called 'Old Comedy'.
After a run in the London West End it transferred to Broadway where it was produced and staged by Winthrop Ames.
Both the title and the music of the song were incorporated into the play when it was completed and produced.
The Seafarer is a 2006 play by Irish playwright Conor McPherson.
He was also generally inspired by Peter Christen Asbjørnsen's collection of Norwegian fairy tales, published in 1845.
The Millionairess is a play written in 1936 by George Bernard Shaw.
Connie Emerson is always quick with a wisecrack.
Press Cuttings, subtitled "A Topical Sketch Compiled from the Editorial and Correspondence Columns of the Daily Papers" is a play by George Bernard Shaw.
The Bloody Beginning has been running continuously in New York City since 2011.
As in many of Eliot's works, the play uses absurdist elements to expose the isolation of the human condition.
The play opened in out-of-town tryouts in New Jersey and Connecticut, but was later forced to close for its portrayal of homosexuality and cross-dressing.
Ralph Roister Doister is a play by Nicholas Udall, which was once regarded as the first comedy to be written in the English language.
Martin had previously appeared in Doctor Who as a Time Lord in the 1969 serial, The War Games.
The play was staged for the first time in 1737 in Lisbon.
It was first published in the first Beaumont and Fletcher folio of 1647.
The play, which predates the Tony Awards and the Drama Desk Awards, earned the 1938 New York Drama Critics' Circle Best Play.
The play is rarely revived, though its theme of social disenfranchisement is seen by Bond as very relevant to the present day.
It is a sequel to The Love of Three Oranges.
They win, but Donohue succumbs to radium's effects.
Hwang's first play, it depicts the contrasts and conflicts between established Asian Americans and "fresh off the boat" newcomer immigrants.
Sills and the company developed "Story Theatre" from actual fairy tales, using improvisational theater techniques they adapted from his mother’s books and teachings.
It was revived again at Oxford Playhouse in February 2013 by OUDS-supported Oxford University student company Screw the Looking Glass.
She eventually left the Broadway production in September to take the lead in another Woods-produced farce, The Demi-Virgin.
The play premiered on Broadway in 2015.
The play premiered at The Capitol Theatre Horsham in September 2015, which coincided with Wisdom's centenary.
Cyclops is the only complete satyr play that has survived, due to continuous copying through the ages.
The Tale of a Tiger is a dramatic monologue by Dario Fo.
In 2013, the play was recorded by LA Theatre Works as part of its Relativity Series, featuring Ernie Hudson and Scott Wolf.
The film was also a financial success, but there are some who felt the magic of the play was lost by the charmless performance of Sellers.
The play is derived from the sekai of the Heike Monogatari, a classical epic which details the rise and fall of the Taira clan of samurai.
Waiting for Godot is Beckett's translation of his own original French play, En attendant Godot, and is subtitled "a tragicomedy in two acts".
The show broke the house record at the Cort Theater, taking in $846,507.05 for the week that ended on February 15, 2009.
It was directed by Arthur Hopkins, set design by Robert Edmond Jones, and costume design by Margaret Pemberton.
It was the 2002 Pulitzer Prize finalist for drama.
This time the play was described as "an astonishingly prescient, blackly comic modern classic".
Madea Goes to Jail is an American musical play, touring from 2005 to 2006, created, written, produced, and directed by Tyler Perry.
The play was produced in New York in 1906 and in London at the Savoy Theatre in 1907.
The play remained popular for decades, and was made into a popular silent film in 1917.
Three Sisters is a play by the Russian author and playwright Anton Chekhov.
The title comes from a chapter in Avrahm Yarmolinsky's book Road to Revolution: A Century of Russian Radicalism.
It was produced by the Theatre Guild and staged by Worthington Miner with scenic design by Arthur P. Segal.
It is a Memory play told from the point of view of the adult Michael Evans, the narrator.
Linda Lavin joined the cast as a replacement.
Improbable Fiction is a 2005 play by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn.
After explaining this, he attempts ventriloquism, shadow puppetry, a vaudeville play and a song about Rémi.
It had its world premiere on April 30, 2014 at the Gaiety Theatre, Dublin produced by Landmark Productions.
It was initially named The Stand-ins and later, The Critics.
The term implies that the "enemies" in question are acting against society as a whole.
The play was produced Off-Broadway in 2011 and 2014 and on Broadway in 2015.
Cowboy Mouth is a 1971 play, written and performed by Sam Shepard and Patti Smith, and directed by Robert Glaudini.
Nevis Mountain Dew is a 1978 play by American playwright steve carter .
After that the play also reached Berlin, Munich, Vienna, and other German and Austrian theaters.
The play won the 1991 Pulitzer Prize for Drama.
It has since come to be acknowledged as an Australian classic, was later published and is often revived.
I Am My Own Wife is also the English title of Charlotte von Mahlsdorf's autobiography, first issued in 1992, translated in 1995.
In contrast to the melodrama of mainstream 19th-century theatre, lurid actions are not shown onstage.
It tells the story of two men, Frank and Walker, each of whom is convinced that the other is following him.
It was adapted as a film in 1973.
Iphigenia in Aulis or at Aulis is the last of the extant works by the playwright Euripides.
Brecht wrote it prior to developing the dramaturgical techniques of epic theatre that characterize his later work, although he did re-work the play in 1926.
The show was then produced in London, where it was a hit, running for 459 performances.
The play has no explicit characters or stage directions; this continues the style of her previous production entitled Crave.
The ideas in the plays and the preface have been called the "violent unabashed prejudices of an eccentric".
It is considered the best verse comedy of the eighteenth-century French stage.
It is based on the 1900 play of the same name by Paul Kester.
Additionally, its dramatic structure represents a shift from the conventions of Old Comedy, a trend typical of the author's career.
Its high farce and witty dialogue have helped make The Importance of Being Earnest Wilde's most enduringly popular play.
Previews of the play began at the Palace Theatre, London on 7 June 2016, and it officially premiered on 30 July 2016.
Usha Parinayam is one of the famous Indian dramas and films produced in different languages.
The rights to the play were bought by producer Jerry Wald.
The play is set in a university which has been converted into some form of bizarre institution under the rule of the sadistic Tinker.
The cast included Phyllis Frelich as Sarah and John Rubinstein as James.
It takes place after the Trojan War, but before the Greeks have departed Troy.
Arms and the Man was one of Shaw's first commercial successes.
It was the first play ever performed in 1919 by the Habima Theater in Moscow.
The video was noted for its contrasting portrayal of Gaga doing feminine work, as compared to her previous endeavours.
The plot concerns a lazy, middle-aged playwright who is spurred to write by his new young secretary.
The show cleverly disguises the identity of each character, so that the issues of the play draw more focus than attempting to guess "who's who".
Smilin' Through was produced by The Selwyns and opened at the Broadhurst Theatre on Broadway on December 30, 1919.
Cat on a Hot Tin Roof is a play by Tennessee Williams.
Nellie, the Beautiful Cloak Model is a play written by Owen Davis.
Stevie is a 1977 play by Hugh Whitemore, about the life of poet Stevie Smith.
It draws its story mainly from the Historical Library of Diodorus Siculus and from William Mitford's History of Greece.
It opened on Broadway at the Walter Kerr Theatre on 1 April 1999.
The play will see its Canadian debut on January 7 in Vancouver, Canada.
It was first performed at the City Dionysia in 409 BC, where it won first prize.
The script alluded to a contemporary scandal involving actor Fatty Arbuckle, and one scene featured actresses stripping as part of a card game.
Prometheus Bound is an Ancient Greek tragedy.
Catwalk Confidential is a play by Robyn Peterson, based on her life as a Catwalk model.
It had no long-term literary impact and was never published, but it did stimulate arguments over censorship of theatrical performances.
It was written in 1900 and first performed in 1901 at the Moscow Art Theatre.
The production strongly influenced the English director William Gaskill's reinterpretation of Farquhar's original play for the National Theatre.
It was originally one of two short plays, jointly titled "Playbill"; the companion piece, which forms the second half of the evening was Harlequinade.
Dionysus will further cause the plundering of a number of other cities.
La Double Inconstance is a three-act romantic comedy by French playwright Marivaux.
The play continued to be popular until the early 1870s.
Don Parties On, a play by David Williamson, premiered in Melbourne on January 8, 2011.
Royall uses the form to satirize Americans who follow British fashions and indulge in 'British vices'.
The same title is also used for a fictional play that appears in Agatha Christie's Three Act Tragedy.
Love's Fire is a collection of short plays by American writers based on Shakespeare's Sonnets.
Recapture is a 1930 drama in three acts by Preston Sturges, his third play to appear on Broadway.
The Virtuous Burglar is a one-act play by Dario Fo.
It consists of three one-act plays: "Interview," "TV," and "Motel."
It is about a boy, Kevin, who finds himself teamed up with a fictional detective, Rockfist Slim, on a journey through the books on his shelves.
The play was subsequently produced throughout the country.
It is based on the 1946 book of the same name.
It is known for its alternative staging and use of a solely female cast.
The lawsuit did not name Hare specifically.
It transferred to Broadway on 21 February 2002 at the Circle in the Square Theatre.
Man Equals Man presents the forcible transformation of a civilian, Galy Gay, into the perfect soldier.
Lend Me a Tenor has been translated into sixteen languages and produced in twenty-five countries.
The Frogs is a comedy written by the Ancient Greek playwright Aristophanes.
He's soon dismayed by the greed and militarism of the British cabinet members.
It ran for only five performances after again receiving very poor notices.
The 2007 revival at the Royal National Theatre starred Zoë Wanamaker and Susannah Fielding.
Act Without Words I is a short play by Samuel Beckett.
It premiered in 1969 and proved to be a critical and commercial success, named Best New Play by the Evening Standard.
It was produced by the Group Theatre, Sidney Harmon and James R. Ullman, directed by Lee Strasberg with scenic design created by Mordecai Gorelik.
After a premiere in California at the La Jolla Playhouse, the play transferred to Off-Broadway in 2011 and opened on Broadway on April 15, 2012.
Statement of Regret is a play by black British actor and playwright Kwame Kwei-Armah.
The Broadway production debuted at the Ethel Barrymore Theatre on 5 October 2014 and closed on 4 September 2016.
It played through April 1, 1920, for a total of 168 performances.
In 1803, challenged over his ability to write comedy, Kleist dictated the first three scenes of the play, though it was not completed until 1806.
Up 'n' Under is a comedy by English playwright John Godber, first staged at the Hull Truck Theatre in 1984.
The original cast included Nicholas Day, Nigel Lindsay, Phil Daniels, Tom Georgeson, David Bark-Jones and Ray Winstone.
“Iblis” is considered as the first verse play of Azerbaijan, which was put on the stage.
The performances of Edwige Feuillère and Jean Marais in the first French production were an essential part of Cocteau's conception of the play.
Strindberg himself, writing in 1892, described it as his "most mature work."
It was based on Alfred Dampier's stage adaptation of the novel Robbery Under Arms.
The Broadway production ran for more than seven years to become the longest-running non-musical play on Broadway, a record that it still holds.
Its first American production was in January 1963 on Broadway at the Morosco Theatre, starring Hermione Baddeley.
At times the play uses the technique of intercut monologues, which are arranged like dialogue but involve no communication between the characters.
Additionally, it received three Drama Desk Award nominations, winning one for Freeman.
In this play, Richard and Anthea are a perfectly happy married couple, who inadvertently worsen the lives of those around them.
Calcutta!, at the Eden Theatre in New York City on June 16, 1969.
It is a Victorian melodrama, complete with a climax where a little child is placed on a moving saw bench and is considered a lost film.
On Friday, January 29, 2009 the Boston cast celebrated its 30th anniversary at The Charles Playhouse Stage II.
The play is composed of 11 scenes in prose and blank verse and 13 songs.
is a 2007 play written by British playwright Bola Agbaje.
Many actors began their career in various productions and touring companies.
The Trickster of Seville and the Stone Guest is a play written by Tirso de Molina.
This production was directed by Jacob Geis, with set-design by Caspar Neher.
The original cast consisted of Keir Dullea, Blythe Danner, Eileen Heckart, and Paul Michael Glaser.
It then was a one-act play that premiered at Man In The Moon Theatre in London in 1996.
Sheila becomes his secretary but it is unclear if she is helping him or the other way around.
John Forsythe appeared in a national touring production.
The title refers to dialogue from Shakespeare's Macbeth.
The first New York production was October 27 of the same year, at the Provincetown Playhouse.
That Face is a two-act play written by Polly Stenham.
August: Osage County is a black comedy play by Tracy Letts.
The production premiered on November 20, 2011 and closed on May 6, 2012.
Strangers on a Train is a play written by Craig Warner and is based on the 1950 the novel of the same name by Patricia Highsmith.
Andha Yug is a 1954 verse play written in Hindi, by renowned novelist, poet, and playwright Dharamvir Bharati.
Set in Calabasas, California, it tells the story of Jennifer Marcus, a 22-year-old genius with obsessive compulsive disorder and agoraphobia.
The Acharnians or Acharnians is the third play — and the earliest of the eleven surviving plays — by the Athenian playwright Aristophanes.
Lynn Fontanne originated the central role of Nina Leeds on Broadway.
It then transferred to the Duke of York's Theatre in the West End where it played from June 2010 to July 2011.
The Liar is a comedy by Carlo Goldoni.
The Caretaker is a play in three acts by Harold Pinter.
It is the second entry in Ridley's unofficially titled "Brothers Trilogy", having been preceded by Mercury Fur and followed by Piranha Heights.
It featured the music of the Beatles performed by Barbara Dickson.
A 90-minute television adaptation was broadcast on BBC Two on 10 May, 2017.
The Suppliants, also called The Suppliant Maidens, or The Suppliant Women, first performed in 423 BC, is an ancient Greek play by Euripides.
It was produced by Alfred Dampier in 1900 in a production featuring Alfred Rolfe and Lily Dampier.
The play was staged June 16–July 9, 1955, at the Duke of York's Theatre in London, in a production directed by Welles.
The play can be seen as a satire on the theme of Christian charity.
The play is the first in recorded world literature with a child as its heroine.
It was the first of three films on this story, and is considered a lost film.
The title of the piece is borrowed from Mystery-Bouffe by Vladimir Mayakovsky.
In 1998 the play was performed in Los Angeles by Broken Leg Productions at the Hudson Theater.
Edmond is a one-act play written by David Mamet.
Good has been described as the definitive piece written about the Holocaust in the English-speaking theatre.
As a result, Ralph Meeker was given the role of Hal opposite Janice Rule as Madge.
The 1921 revival starring William Faversham at the Astor Theatre ran for 50 performances.
The Footsteps of Doves focuses on Harriet and George, a married couple shopping for twin beds after many years of marriage.
After three previews, it opened on October 26, 1975 at the ANTA Playhouse and closed after 18 performances.
The play is set in Ybor City, a section of Tampa and the center of the cigar industry.
Goodnight Children Everywhere is a 1997 play written by American playwright Richard Nelson that premiered at The Other Place, in Stratford-upon-Avon, England.
Hecuba is a tragedy by Euripides written c. 424 BC.
Song of the Grasshopper is a 1967 play.
Odakalu Bimba is a Kannada monodrama by Indian playwright and author Girish Karnad.
Seven Against Thebes is the third play in an Oedipus-themed trilogy produced by Aeschylus in 467 BC.
Consequently, Manchester United, Everton, Coventry City, Wimbledon and Liverpool were prevented from competing in the Cup Winners' Cup until the beginning of the 1990–91 season.
In other words, Picnic was revised from Summer Brave, not the other way around.
The play underwent many revisions, and at one stage included sequences set in Vietnam.
No Place to be Somebody is a 1969 play written by American playwright Charles Gordone.
Talking Heads is a stage adaptation of the BBC series of the same title created by Alan Bennett.
Shaffer was inspired to write Equus when he heard of a crime involving a 17-year-old who blinded six horses in a small town near Suffolk.
Soon the show was playing to packed houses.
Cyrano de Bergerac is a play written in 1897 by Edmond Rostand.
Terre Haute is a 2006 play by the American writer Edmund White.
Additional productions include runs in Tampa, Florida, Richmond, Virginia and Toronto, Ontario, Canada beginning in autumn 2007.
After its première at Prithvi Theatre, Mumbai in February 1992, it has been staged at venues across India, Europe, US and Pakistan.
Her wardrobe for the shows featured a gold mesh dress with sequins to cover her nipples and pubic region.
Scott Ellis directed Neal Huff as Mitchell, Julie White as Diane, Johnny Galecki as Alex, and Zoe Lister-Jones as Ellen.
The play was nominated for the Pulitzer Prize for Drama and was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Play.
It was also known as The Story of Rufus Dawes, or the Term of His Natural Life or The Convict Hero.
MacDonald received the Governor General's Award, the Floyd S. Chalmers Canadian Play Award and the Canadian Authors Association Award for the play.
It opened on Broadway in 2014 after premiering in 2012 at the Yale Repertory Theater.
Three Tall Women is a play by Edward Albee, which won the 1994 Pulitzer Prize for Drama, Albee's third.
I Ought to Be in Pictures is a comedy-drama play by Neil Simon, his 18th.
The Tiger and the Moustache is a one-person play by British actor Saikat Ahamed about tracing his mother's journey from Bangladesh to Britain.
Intrigue and Love, sometimes Love and Intrigue, Love and Politics or Luise Miller is a five-act play written by the German dramatist Friedrich Schiller.
The Notebook of Trigorin is a play by American playwright Tennessee Williams, adapted from Anton Chekhov's drama The Seagull.
Tolstoy attended Maly theatre production in January 1892 and left dissatisfied with the artists' rendition of the three peasants.
It starred Eddie Cantor, who introduced the hit songs "Yes!
In 1955 it was translated into English by Christopher Fry with the title Tiger at the Gates.
The play is a story about a man named Sidney, his pitfalls within his personal life, and struggles in Bohemian culture.
The play was written specifically for Maggie Smith, who originated the title role of Lettice Douffet in both the English and American runs of the production.
Anna in the Tropics is a play by Nilo Cruz.
In his preface to the play, the poet invented the word "surrealism" to describe his new style of drama.
It was first performed on 4 June 1666 at the Théâtre du Palais-Royal, Paris by the King's Players.
It transferred twice, to the Broadhurst Theatre and then the Lunt-Fontanne Theatre, before it completed its run of 756 performances on January 4, 1969.
Adapted to Kabuki, the play premiered in that mode in January 1748, in the city of Ise, in Mie Prefecture.
The play was first shown in Belfast in 1996 and went on to have a successful run in London's West End.
Whatever the truth of the authorship, Christie was enthusiastic about the play and attended its rehearsals and first night
The play became one of the longest-running productions of the decade.
Comic Potential by Alan Ayckbourn is a romantic sci-fi comedy.
The director was Reginald Tate who also played the part of Lawrence Redding.
L'Illusion comique is therefore a summary of a theatrical universe, and it is in this play that Corneille shows his mastery of theatre as a whole.
The Awesome 80s Prom has played in many U.S. cities, including Chicago, Boston, and Baltimore.
Their disputes climaxed in an arbitration hearing when Rand discovered Woods had diverted a portion of her royalties to pay for a script doctor.
First broadcast on Saturday 6 May 1939, it was produced and narrated by Stephen Potter.
Despite a few alterations and modernization of language, the play still retains much of its original structure.
Semar Gugat has been read as a critique of the New Order government under president Suharto.
It focuses on two friends, Chris O'Connell and Adam Lipschitz, both approaching their 30th birthdays.
Shull died of a heart attack thirteen days after opening night.
Jewtopia is a comedic play by Bryan Fogel and Sam Wolfson.
Middle Age Spread is a 1979 film adaptation of the Roger Hall play of the same name.
Some critics consider it part of a Family Trilogy that includes Buried Child and True West.
Lightnin' is a comedy play in three acts by Winchell Smith and Frank Bacon.
Since then the play has been revived frequently.
It was included in Burns Mantle's The Best Plays of 1927–1928.
The Herbal Bed is a play by Peter Whelan, written specifically for the Royal Shakespeare Company.
A 1940 revival of Big White Fog was the first production of the Negro Playwrights Company in New York.
Written at the age of 92, it was his last full-length play.
It opened on Broadway at the Royale Theatre on 11 April 2000 and ran for 326 performances.
We would like to leave on a high note."
Trying is a drama by Canadian-born playwright Joanna Glass that premiered at Chicago's Victory Gardens Theater on March 29, 2004.
The 1995 performance of the play at Delphi, Greece, took place at the construction site of the new theatre for the European Cultural Centre of Delphi.
The Condemned of Altona is a play written by Jean-Paul Sartre, known in Great Britain as Loser Wins.
A 1930 film version was followed by other adaptations, and the play influenced other playwrights, including Noël Coward.
Medea is an ancient Greek tragedy written by Euripides, based upon the myth of Jason and Medea and first produced in 431 BC.
The play involves a "woman who has to live with a daughter-in-law who hates her and a son who does not dare take her side."
Taking Tea With Stalin is a drama written by playwright Ronald Harwood.
By chance, they become involved in the action causing a series of events that parallel the play they are watching.
It is licensed by Dramatic to theaters worldwide.
The film script was heavily changed from the play.
It is the first part of a trilogy that is followed by Tsar Fiodor Ioannovich and concludes with Tsar Boris.
Like his more famous Six Characters in Search of an Author, it forms part of his "trilogy of the theatre in the theatre."
It was written between 1929 and 1930.
A Byzantine scholion to the play suggests that its first production was staged outside of Athens, though modern scholarship regards this claim as dubious.
It premiered Off-Broadway in 1982 at the Circle Repertory Company, in a night of plays called Confluence.
Bent is a 1979 play by Martin Sherman.
It premiered off-Broadway in 2003, at the Actor's Playhouse in New York City.
For example, near the beginning of the play, Arlequin tries to catch invisible flies while the fairy is trying to have a serious conversation with him.
or Tobacco and Boys is a play by Stephen Fry, written in 1979.
Had two hours and-a-half, with the interval.
It was first written as a radio play and won the 1990 Prix Italia for Fiction.
The play set a Broadway record by having 97 previews before its official opening.
Stay in Your Own Sled is a play by Alexander Ostrovsky, written in 1852 and first published in the No.5, 1853, issue of Moskvityanin.
June Moon is a play by George S. Kaufman and Ring Lardner.
This marks the Broadway debut of a Nicky Silver play.
Mule Bone: A Comedy of Negro Life is a 1930 play by American authors Langston Hughes and Zora Neale Hurston.
It was included in Burns Mantle's The Best Plays of 1933-1934.
In 2016, Warner/Chappell settled for US $14 million, and the court declared that "Happy Birthday to You" was in the public domain.
The Flick is a play by Annie Baker that received the 2014 Pulitzer Prize for Drama and won the 2013 Obie Award for Playwriting.
Escape was a 1926 British play in nine episodes written by John Galsworthy.
Dido, Queen of Carthage is a short play written by the English playwright Christopher Marlowe, with possible contributions by Thomas Nashe.
God of Carnage is a play by Yasmina Reza.
The eighth in his "Pittsburgh Cycle", this play is set in a worn-down gypsy cab station in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in early autumn 1977.
The Sketchersons are a sketch comedy troupe based in Toronto, Ontario.
For her work in Late Nite Catechism, she was nominated for the Outer Critics Circle Award in New York for outstanding solo performance.
The Ninety Day Mistress is a 1967 sex comedy play.
This attack was dramatized by Aeschylus in his play Seven Against Thebes, and the aftermath was dramatized by Sophocles himself in Antigone.
Homegrown is a play about a friendship between a terrorist suspect and a writer.
The combination of melody and lyrics in "Happy Birthday to You" first appeared in print in 1912, and probably existed even earlier.
The play premiered on Broadway in 2017.
It is the second of his "Dublin Trilogy" – the other two being The Shadow of a Gunman and The Plough and the Stars.
The Priory is a play by Michael Wynne that opened at the downstairs theatre of the Royal Court Theatre in London in 2009.
A Madea Christmas is a 2011 American musical play created, written, produced, and directed by Tyler Perry.
The plot concerns an elderly Irish woman, Kate Houlihan, who dies and leaves her fortune equally between her two nephews Michael and William.
In January 2017 after nearly 30 years since first opening in London it returned to the Finborough Theatre.
Muhammad bin Tughluq is a 1968 socio-political satire comedy play in Tamil written by Cho Ramaswamy.
In 2013 the show was toured to Edinburgh Festival Fringe.
The play was also broadcast on radio on the BBC's Sunday Night Theatre and in Australia on Radio National in 1951.
The play premiered on Broadway in 1960 and was nominated for six Tony Awards, including Best Play.
The play involves the plight of women in the civil war-torn Democratic Republic of Congo.
The play involves a romantic relationship between a plus-size woman and a young professional man, whose friend denigrates the woman as being "fat".
Described by Hampton as a "bourgeois comedy", the piece is set in an "English University Town".
The play was included in Burns Mantle's The Best Plays of 1933-1934.
Marigolds in August is a play by South Africa's Athol Fugard.
Directed by Gabriel Barre, the cast included Todd Cerveris, Justin Hagan, Miriam Shor, and Finnerty Steeves.
The Beard of Avon is a play by Amy Freed, originally commissioned and produced by South Coast Repertory in 2001.
Ladies and Gentlemen is a play by Charles MacArthur and Ben Hecht.
Some scholars have suggested that Hyngman also authored the play.
Twenty-two years after Christie's death, Black Coffee was re-published in the United Kingdom and the United States in the form of a novel.
Rich and Famous is a two-act play by John Guare.
Servant of Two Masters is a comedy by the Italian playwright Carlo Goldoni written in 1746.
Lu Ann Hampton Laverty Oberlander is the second play in the series A Texas Trilogy by Preston Jones.
Homecoming is an Off-Broadway one-person show by Lauren Weedman that premiered at Westside Theatre on September 10, 2001.
Benefactors is a 1984 play by Michael Frayn.
The situation is not helped by Kimberly's rapidly deteriorating health.
It was first produced by the New Playwrights' Theatre at the 52nd Street Theatre in New York, opening on March 2 1927.
The play was produced by the Stockholm ensemble Intima Teatern, which also toured other Scandinavian countries, including performances of Påsk in Kristiania.
Aeschylus himself had fought the Persians at Marathon.
The play is a moral allegory about Mankind, a representative of the human race, and follows his fall into sin and his repentance.
In a Forest, Dark and Deep is a play by Neil LaBute.
Both Vaccaro and Brinckerhoff were nominated for Tony Awards for their featured performances.
This incompleteness, however, is not obvious in translations and modern performances.
Circle of Chalk, by Li Qianfu, is a Yuan dynasty Chinese classical zaju verse play and gong'an crime drama, in four acts with a prologue.
The play expands on the Theban legend that predated it and picks up where Aeschylus' Seven Against Thebes ends.
It describes the life of Bulgarian emigrants in Wallachia, who, destitute, seek the means to fight for the liberation of Bulgaria from Ottoman rule.
The play was included in Burns Mantle's The Best Plays of 1933-1934.
In Arabia We'd All Be Kings is a dramatic play set in New York City, written by Stephen Adly Guirgis.
In 2006, Fogel and Wolfson published Jewtopia: The Chosen Book for the Chosen People, a coffee table book inspired by the play.
The name of the play links it to the Anglo-Saxon poem The Seafarer.
The play was an instant success, and Giuseppe Verdi immediately set about putting the story to music.
Produced by Theatre Forty and Storey Productions.
It was published as part of a volume of Shaw's plays entitled Plays Pleasant.
Shange originally wrote the monologues as separate poems in 1974.
It is a melodramatic tragedy set in Russia and is loosely based on the life of Vera Zasulich.
The play tells the story of Mrs. St. Maugham and her granddaughter Laurel, a disturbed child under the care of Miss Madrigal, a governess.
The play went through several incarnations before it was finally published.
They founded Heroes & Villains Records, an imprint of the successful indie rock label Vagrant Records.
Because of its actual sound, the play is still staged at the theatres more than a hundred years after its first publishing.
Così is a play by Australian playwright Louis Nowra which was first performed in 1992 at the Belvoir St Theatre in Sydney, Australia.
His world changes as racism enters the city.
It has become best known through the subsequent film adaptation starring Cary Grant and directed by Frank Capra.
It soon becomes clear that their lives are much stranger than the fiction Sophie tries to create in her magic ball.
Multiple companies embarked on road tours around August 1915.
It was unanimously panned by critics, but played to full houses until 1987 at three different theatres, totalling 6,761 performances.
Before You Go is a 1968 comedy play by Lawrence Holofcener about the relationship between an actress and a sculptor.
The copy of this play in the Garrick Collection appears to be the only one known.
The plays were written by Jaston Williams, Joe Sears, and Ed Howard.
The compensation awarded to executives of publicly-traded companies differs from that awarded to executives of privately held companies.
Madea's Family Reunion is an American play written by Tyler Perry.
Her writing style is idiosyncratic and she often uses vernacular language, unique structure, and unorthodox punctuation to emphasize syncopation.
The nobility of the characters does not stem from their social conditioning but from the inner virtues and behavior.
Up and under is a tactical kick in rugby league in which the ball is kicked high and short onto or behind the defending team.
It had the longest run of any of Shaw's plays.
Robert Benchley was similarly dismissive in The New Yorker, saying the play need not have been produced at all.
The play is divided in six parts, comprising five acts and a wedge, which may be an interlude or—as it is in this case—a prologue.
The play has as its full name The Great Revenge of the Orphan of Zhao.
The play was filmed as Perfect Strangers in 1950.
California Suite is a 1976 play by Neil Simon.
In 2009, it was revived by the LOST Theatre Company, Upstairs at the Gatehouse, London.
The play makes numerous references to the Jewish online dating website, JDate.
Strange Interlude makes extensive use of a soliloquy technique, in which the characters speak their inner thoughts to the audience.
is a drama written by American playwright Clifford Odets.
It was first performed in 1998 at the Royal Court Theatre Downstairs in London.
Power Lunch is a play by writer/director Alan Ball.
The role of Lotte Schoen was played by Margaret Tyzack.
Certain major and minor characters are supernatural beings or deceased persons.
Burning Blue is an American play written by D.M.W.
White and Galecki remained in the play when it transferred to Broadway.
The play takes its name from the period of five nights referred in the plot.
In antiquity, the term “tyrant” referred to a ruler, but it did not necessarily have a negative connotation.
O'Neill received the 1922 Pulitzer Prize for Drama for this work.
Rough Crossing is a 1984 comedic play by British playwright Tom Stoppard, "freely adapted from Ferenc Molnár's Play at the Castle".
Lady in Danger was a play by Australian writer Max Afford.
It consists of a series of poetic monologues to be accompanied by dance movements and music, a form Shange coined as the choreopoem.
It has been praised by many critics as the finest play from one of the most significant contemporary playwrights in the English language.
Dicks would later use some of the plot elements in his Fourth Doctor story The Brain of Morbius.
That was also the first United States performance of any Maeterlinck play.
It is written in a combination of prose, blank verse and heroic couplets.
Goodbye to the Music is a play by Sumner Locke Elliott.
The cast includes Supriya Pathare, Pradeep Patwardhan, Preeti Rajwade and Kamlakar Satpute.
Zack is a 1920 play by British playwright Harold Brighouse.
A 1978 Broadway-bound revival of Broadway, directed by Robert Allan Ackerman, closed during its Boston tryout.
Deepti, the director, also did the popular role of Pasha Bi in the play with her Deccani lehja.
McPherson cared for his partner, cartoonist and activist Daniel Sotomayor, who died from AIDS.
The show opened at the Palace Theatre, Broadway on November 30, 1976 and closed on December 5, 1976 after 8 performances.
The text of the published play includes a long Preface by Shaw.
Drums in the Night is a play by the German playwright Bertolt Brecht.
In 1991, the play was listed in the Guinness Book of Records as the most performed French play throughout the world.
The themes of the play include emotional paralysis and forgiveness.
The play was also adapted in a 1915 book of the same name.
It is a popular venue for bachelorette parties.
Dobson played the girl who falls in love with him and Elphick played Sinden's inept bodyguard.
In 1955 it was adapted as a film starring Roland Culver.
Brecht's protagonist is coarse, lacking the whimsical charm of Gozzi's portrayal and the aspiration to nobility in Schiller's adaptation.
The Persians is an ancient Greek tragedy written during the Classical period of Ancient Greece by the Greek tragedian Aeschylus.
It was first produced on public television in 1969, followed by an off-Broadway production in 1971.
The tragedy is based on the Greek myth of King Pentheus of Thebes and his mother Agave, and their punishment by the god Dionysus.
The show made its UK Debut at London's National Theatre in November 2008.
It opened 18 April 2005, at the Royal Exchange Theatre, Manchester, under the direction of Sarah Frankcom.
Anthos is the only known Greek tragedy play whose plot was entirely invented by the poet.
Straight White Men is a 2014 American play by Young Jean Lee.
Linda Bassett was awarded Best Actress for the play at the 2004 TMA Theatre Awards
Mary Magdalene is a 1910 tragic play by Belgian playwright Maurice Maeterlinck.
The main character of Shirley is based on her.
The Trojan Women, also known as Troades, is a tragedy by the Greek playwright Euripides.
King of the Coiners is a 1912 Australian silent film directed by Alfred Rolfe.
The Smell of the Kill is a play by Michele Lowe that premiered at Cleveland Play House in 1999.
This is an article about the play; not the Elton John song see "Candle in the Wind"; for the movie see Candle in the Wind 1997
The production starred Mark Rylance as Johnny "Rooster" Byron and Mackenzie Crook as Ginger.
The play also won the New York Drama Critics' Circle Award for Best Play of the season.
Lloyd Bridges, Kevin McCarthy, and Betsy Palmer were replacements later in the run.
The plot focuses on Scottie Templeton, a popular actor who has spent his life shirking responsibility.
Bara's movie fame drew large crowds to theaters, and the play was a commercial success, breaking attendance records at some venues.
and "Facias ipse quod faciamus nobis suades," which has been translated as "Practice yourself what you preach."
A notational symbol that represents a number is called a numeral.
The Crucible is a 1953 play by American playwright Arthur Miller.
To inherit the fortune Michael and William must spend a month in peace in Kate's cottage.
The Torrents is a 1955 Australian play about an attempt to bring irrigation to a former gold mining town.
It premiered at the Goodman Theatre in Chicago, on June 4, 1982.
It was performed in 1996 at P.S.
The Piano Lesson received the 1990 Pulitzer Prize for Drama.
Its title references that of The Revenger's Tragedy.
It was published in Shaw's 1901 collection Three Plays for Puritans.
The play was first published in 1633, in a quarto printed by Nicholas Okes for the bookseller Richard Collins.
Picnic is a 1953 play by William Inge.
The play was revised by Shaffer in 1988, and it was that revised version that later ran in New York.
An off-Broadway production ran September 29, 2014 - November 9, 2014 at New World Stages.
Carver later performed The Scout in the USA, although it was not advertised as an Australian play.
The plot was set around the story that Prince Charles was kidnapped by activists wanting to save the theatre building from demolition.
A Klingon Christmas Carol is the first play to be performed entirely in Klingon, a constructed language first appearing in the television series Star Trek.
Dear Ruth is a 1947 romantic comedy film starring Joan Caulfield, William Holden, Mona Freeman, and Edward Arnold.
It begins with Jessie calmly telling her Mama that by morning she will be dead, as she plans to commit suicide that very evening.
The cast included Robert Picardo, Catherine Hicks, and Rosemary Prinz.
With her refusal, the Roman officer charges the Magdalene with having been the Savior's undoing, and the crowd revile her.
The play was a hit, running for 166 performances from 20 October 1933 to March 1934 at the Cort Theatre.
There is no doubt that Euripides transformed Caranus to Archelaus in the play, in an attempt to please Archelaus I of Macedon.
Post Mortem is a two-act play written by late–20th–century/early–21st–century playwright A. R. Gurney.
The Hothouse is a full-length tragicomedy written by Harold Pinter in the winter of 1958 between The Birthday Party and The Caretaker.
Dame Lorraine explores a family who has lost all of their sons, except one.
It won the 1981 Laurence Olivier Award for Best New Comedy.
The second UK production in London closed in March 2014, before a third tour of the UK began in May 2014.
It marked the earliest appearance of blackface in an Australian play.
Disgraced is a 2012 play by novelist and screenwriter Ayad Akhtar.
The Miner's Right is an 1891 play by Alfred Dampier and Garnet Welch based on a story by Rolf Boldrewood.
When it was performed to large private audiences, the Lord Chamberlain decided to prosecute those who were involved in the production of the play.
It was adapted into three films of the same name, The Bad Man, The Bad Man, The Bad Man.
Making the Move is a 2014 play written by American playwright Noah Altshuler.
Fanny's First Play is a 1911 play by George Bernard Shaw.
English-language versions have been produced under various titles including Intimate Relations and Indiscretions.
It is available as a book: Publisher S. French, 1994; ISBN 0573694087, and also published by Methuen Publishing Ltd 2001; ISBN 0413752305
Its title is a line from the nursery rhyme "Three Blind Mice".
The play portrays More as a man of principle, envied by rivals such as Thomas Cromwell and loved by the common people and by his family.
The Fat Girl Gets a Haircut and other Stories is a 12-part play, created by artist Mark Storor in collaboration with a cast of teenage actors.
The creators note that their play "is a call to action – a reminder" that slut-shaming is happening every day, almost everywhere.
He then has an encounter with Mita, a former lover, who tells him that he is the father of her unborn child.
They include Don Quixote and his partner Sancho, Marguerite "Camille" Gautier, Casanova, Lord Byron, and Esmeralda, among others.
In 1920 the play was adapted into a film The Winning Goal directed by G.B.
If There Is I Haven't Found It Yet is the first full length professionally produced play by the British playwright Nick Payne.
The Summy Company registered a copyright in 1935, crediting authors Preston Ware Orem and Mrs. R. R. Forman.
It is an adaptation of Loute, a French farce by Pierre Veber.
Woman: Helena Stout Man: George Hogan Waiter: Vincent Casey Waitress: Michelle Reade
It ran for 162 performances from January 23, 1934 to June 1934 at the Booth Theatre.
Duel of Angels is an English-language adaptation by Christopher Fry of the play Pour Lucrèce by French dramatist Jean Giraudoux.
Replacements during the run included Gloria Swanson, Pamela Bellwood, Kipp Osborne and David Huffman.
The actors provided the action, and the audience's imagination provided the ocean, costumes, and the whale.
Paul is a 2005 play by Howard Brenton, which portrays the life and career of Paul the Apostle.
The play won the 1983 Pulitzer Prize for Drama and was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Play.
The term originated in Roman times as Latin: hostis publicus, typically translated into English as the "public enemy".
Silence is a short play by Harold Pinter first performed in 1969.
Professional footballer Jack Cock appeared as himself in the film.
The Men From The Boys is a 2002 play by Mart Crowley.
One Last Look is a 1967 play by American playwright Steve Carter.
It premiered at the Royal Court Theatre London in 2010, directed by Jeremy Herrin.
The story is based on old Viking sagas for which to prepare Strindberg taught himself Icelandic to read the old sagas.
Director: Jenny Ní Lúcáis Stage Manager: Naoise NigFhloinn Lighting: Barry Donaldson Sound: Joe Bergin Set Design: Jenny Ní Lúcáis Choreography: Sinéad McLoughlin
The one-act play for two actors was written by Le Clanché du Rand and published in 1989 by Dramatic Publishing of Woodstock, Illinois.
“THE BAD MAN” was one of the early successes of the season.
Producer A. H. Woods staged the play on Broadway at his Eltinge 42nd Street Theatre, where it was a box office success.
The play, which won an Obie Award.
It concerns Amal, a child confined to his adopted uncle's home by an incurable disease.
There is still a chance they may be wrong-- all of them-- I have to cling to that chance....”
It was adapted into a silent film released in 1921 featuring Constance Talmadge.
A Stretch of the Imagination is an Australian play by Jack Hibberd.
It had one reading and one workshop production prior to its world premiere.
A main theme that the play deals with is coming to terms with the thought of growing older and possibly becoming irrelevant.
However, it also sounds a note of caution, there is bitterness in the memory of lost opportunities and the ending is not happy for everyone.
Ben-Hur was an 1899 theatrical adaption of the novel Ben-Hur: A Tale of the Christ by Lew Wallace.
A Chorus of Disapproval is a 1984 play written by English playwright Alan Ayckbourn.
Photograph 51 is an award-winning play by Anna Ziegler.
Vampire Lesbians of Sodom is a satirical play written by Charles Busch.
Cost accounting provides the detailed cost information that management needs to control current operations and plan for the future.
Suetonius wrote a single sentence on the affair: "Titus reginam Berenicen, cui etiam nuptias pollicitus ferebatur, statim ab Urbe dimisit invitus invitam."
The only extant example of an ancient Greek theatre trilogy, the Oresteia won first prize at the Dionysia festival in 458 BC.
The Dead Guy is a 2005 satirical play written by Scottish American playwright Eric Coble.
The play opened at the West End's Criterion Theatre on 31 March 2016, with an official opening night on 21 April 2016.
Panic was produced by John Houseman and Nathan Zarkin as the first project of their new Phoenix Theatre.
L’Île des esclaves is a one act comedy by Pierre de Marivaux.
The action takes place in Altona, a borough of the German city-state of Hamburg.
The initial inspiration for the play was the 1985 book The Man Who Mistook His Wife for a Hat by the eminent neurologist Oliver Sacks.
Particular conflict occurs when both women arrive in 1920s/1930s Broadway and Hollywood and masquerade as silent film stars.
The show stars Robbins as the narrator and is directed by Teller.
Same Time, Next Year is a 1975 romantic comedy play by Bernard Slade.
women intent on escaping Victorian standards of helplessness, passivity, stuffy propriety, and non-involvement in politics or general affairs.
It is considered a farce for its tense comic situations and headlong humour, heavily playing on mistaken identity, doors, and vicars.
Betrayal is a play written by Harold Pinter in 1978.
The play was very popular and has come to be regarded as an Australian classic.
Oedipus at Colonus is one of the three Theban plays of the Athenian tragedian Sophocles.
The Rover or The Banish'd Cavaliers is a play in two parts that is written by the English author Aphra Behn.
Zuckmayer described the story as a "German fairy tale".
The play was a finalist for the 1984 Pulitzer Prize for Drama.
First performed in 1908, it features a cast of family members who gather together for a marriage.
Fires in the Mirror is composed of monologues taken directly from transcripts of interviews that Smith conducted with all the people depicted in the play.
It was first performed at 'The Playroom', an L-shaped space in St Edwards Passage that belonged to Corpus Christi College, Cambridge.
Another major theme of East End history has been that of migration; both inward and outward.
First published for Methuen Drama in 1982, it was originally commissioned by the Royal Shakespeare Company in 1981 and was subsequently seen all over the world.
Man of the Moment is a play by the British playwright Alan Ayckbourn.
The Way of the World is a play written by the English playwright William Congreve.
After seeing the play, Mostel contemporary Theodore Bikel wrote to Brochu, "Thank you for bringing back a volcano that we thought was long extinct."
Tom Hulce replaced Firth during the Broadway run.
It opened on October 15, 1942 at the Shubert Theatre in New Haven, Connecticut, before moving to the Plymouth Theatre on Broadway on November 18, 1942.
There's A Girl In My Soup is a stage comedy written by Terence Frisby.
The story parallels a similar tragedy known as the Radium Girls.
Twenty years after the original production, Anderson adapted it into a television musical with Arthur Schwartz.
The Attempted Murder of Peggy Sweetwater was reopened in 2010 by Casa Grande High School, where John Rustan was the drama teacher.
Richard of Bordeaux is a play by "Gordon Daviot", a pseudonym for Elizabeth MacKintosh, best known by another of her pen names, Josephine Tey.
B. Priestley, first performed in 1945 in the Soviet Union and in 1946 in the UK.
Coralie Lansdowne Says No is a play by Alex Buzo about a woman's struggle for independence.
The play is a satirical commentary on sexual hypocrisy.
In Euripides’ plays the gods represent various human qualities, allowing the audience to grapple with considerations of the human condition.
Miller performs the various roles using voices from The Simpsons characters, using more than 50 voices.
The play premiered in 1996 as Six Myths at Northwestern University and later the Lookingglass Theatre Company in Chicago.
The Infernal Machine, or La Machine Infernale is a French play by the dramatist Jean Cocteau, based on the ancient Greek myth of Oedipus.
The play ran for 105 performances in 1939 at the Ethel Barrymore Theatre from November 27, 1939 to February 24, 1940.
It was one of the last plays Sartre wrote, followed only by his adaptation of Euripides' The Trojan Women.
Ibsen adopted a contemporary setting and a rhymed verse form for the play.
Funny Money is a farce written by Ray Cooney.
Body Language is a 1990 play by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn.
It was awarded the 1933 Pulitzer Prize for Drama, and included in Burns Mantle's The Best Plays of 1932–1933.
Frid defended her portrayal on the grounds that the case against Shareef was more complicated than was generally understood.
First published in 1962, the first performance of Summer Brave came only after Inge's death in 1973.
The play was first performed at Little Theatre, Rochester, New York, on October 18, 1930.
It was premièred at the Queen's Theatre in London on 5 March 1969.
The original cast had Amanda Drew and Con O'Neill directed by Clare Lizzimore.
The Secret River is a play by Andrew Bovell, based upon the novel of the same name by Kate Grenville.
The play was a success, closing in February 1920 after 137 performances.
The play exists in two quite different versions.
His earliest drafts had large sections that were reserved for improvisation, but he revised it in 1753 in the version that exists today.
The sisters used "Good Morning to All" as a song that young children would find easy to sing.
He has a troubled relationship with his newlywed son Atul, whose married life with Vina Patel has got off to a rocky start.
In this play, a young woman is kidnapped from her lover by the prince of the country, who loves her and intends to marry her.
The production was directed by Michael Attenborough.
The plays are currently produced by Russell Farhang and Cynthia von Buhler's production company, Smoosh & Smoosh Inc.
The Second Shepherds' Play is a famous medieval mystery play which is contained in the manuscript HM1, the unique manuscript of the Wakefield Cycle.
The play has remained in Russian and Soviet theatre repertory ever since.
As the first brand-new Wizarding World story in nearly a decade, it became the official eighth Harry Potter story.
Tibet Through the Red Box is a 2004 theatrical adaptation of author Peter Sis' children's book by American playwright David Henry Hwang.
Love in E-Flat is a 1967 comedy play by Norman Krasna.
Its title page also reads: "As it was played before her Maiestie.
It is now a public domain work and may be performed without royalties.
Kalem of Time observed, "The work is a glue job rather than an organic entity.
It is a one-man play about a teacher at a Christian Brothers school.
It was also suppressed in Ireland and the USA.
The production was Lisa Goldman's first in her tenure as artistic director of the Soho Theatre.
Brighton Beach Memoirs is a semi-autobiographical play by Neil Simon, the first chapter in what is known as his Eugene trilogy.
The production starred Paul Scofield, Claire Bloom and Margaret Rutherford.
It is set on Midsummer's Eve on the estate of a Count in Sweden.
The play won the 1971 Evening Standard Award for Best Play.
Circle Mirror Transformation is a play by Annie Baker, centered on drama classes at a community centre in Vermont.
When supporters wrote to him that the production later became a success, he assumed that they were merely trying to be kind.
The Get Up Kids are an American rock band from Kansas City, Missouri.
Most of the characters are carried over from the two Shakespeare plays.
The play is classified in the zaju genre of dramas.
Toast is a play written in 1999 by English playwright Richard Bean.
It has since become a staple of community repertory.
Euripides revisits the myth in Hippolytos Stephanophoros, its title refers to the crown of garlands Hippolytus wears as a worshipper of Artemis.
A manuscript fragment of the first 754 lines also belongs to the Bodleian Library.
Alcestis is an Athenian tragedy by the ancient Greek playwright Euripides.
In 1973, Nichols adapted his play for a film version directed by Jack Gold.
It received a good review in the New York Times but only ran a short time.
Adaptations have been created from 1972 and onward in various forms.
Starring Stephen Wight and Dianna Agron, the story is set over the course of one night.
It tells the story of a couple that falls in love despite the girl's pessimistic outlook on life.
It is an adaptation of Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde, an 1886 novella by the Scottish author Robert Louis Stevenson.
La Foire de Guibray is a one-act farce by Alain-René Lesage.
He decided to construct a play where he would feature W.F.
Barrie continued to revise the play for years after its debut until publication of the play script in 1928.
The play received positive reviews from the London theatre critics.
It was made into a movie in 1934.
La Enfermedad Incurable is a 1996 play by Sebastian Mancilla Olivares, a Chilean playwright and actor.
This play marked the return, after a 30-year absence, of Carol Burnett to the Broadway stage.
Welles filmed approximately 75 minutes of the production, with the original cast, at the Hackney Empire and Scala Theatres in London.
It has since been performed at the Off-Broadway Cherry Lane Theatre in Manhattan, and the 710 Main Theatre, in Buffalo, NY.
L'Angoisse is a French play by Pierre Mills and Celia de Vilyars.
The play, well regarded for several decades, came to seem old-fashioned with increased understanding and sensitivity of racial issues.
The two-act version premiered in the New Watergate theatre club in London's West End under the direction of Peter Brook on October 11, 1956.
The play premiered at South Coast Repertory in 1991, and then was produced Off-Broadway in 1992 and on Broadway in 2004.
Constantin Stanislavski directed and played Count Liubin.
The play was also made into a silent film in 1914, where Wise reprised his role, and a young Evelyn Brent was also in the cast.
The Canadian Theatre Encyclopedia describes the importance of the play in the following way:
It is an Indian context adaptation of A. R. Gurney's American play, Love Letters, and the Hindi/Urdu version was created in 1992 by playwright Javed Siddiqui.
It focuses on the relationship between two actors, the play's only characters.
The scenic design was by Boris Aronson.
The London production opened in 1949 with Bonar Colleano, Vivien Leigh, and Renee Asherson and was directed by Laurence Olivier.
The play won awards from the Evening Standard newspaper and Plays & Players magazine.
It is set in Paris, where a still-quite-young woman is on the phone with her lover of the last five years.
The House of Bernarda Alba is a play by the Spanish dramatist Federico García Lorca.
The Attempted Murder of Peggy Sweetwater is a 1981 play by John Rustan and Frank Semerano.
Wooll wrote a novelization in 1935, and the play was adapted as a movie in 1959.
It was produced on Broadway by the Theatre Guild and directed by Philip Moeller.
The play received its London opening at the Vaudeville Theatre in 1986 where it received predominantly excellent reviews.
The show ended its Broadway run on January 20, 2013, and reopened Off-Broadway once again at New World Stages in March 2013, ending in January 2014.
I went down and Zero was outside of his dressing room reading the Riot Act to one of the other actors.
The film based on the play was entered into the 27th Berlin International Film Festival.
Geneva, a Fancied Page of History in Three Acts is a topical play by George Bernard Shaw.
The play—along with Baal and In the Jungle—won the Kleist Prize for 1922; the play was performed all over Germany as a result.
It was written in English in January 1965 and first performed at the Schillertheater, Berlin on 14 January 1966.
It was the first self-proclaimed, full-length Expressionist play to be produced, though its dramatic structure is more or less realistic.
The play is post-colonial in nature, a satire on the British news media, and an exploration of its discourse.
It is based on the Greek play Emporos by the Greek comedy playwright Philemon.
Act I is set in British colonial Africa in the Victorian era, and Act II is set in a London park in 1979.
It was adapted into a film in 2006, with Letts writing the screenplay and Michael Shannon reprising his role as Peter.
The temple for worship of Rhea in Rome was completed during the same year in time for the festival.
Influence is a 2005 play by David Williamson about a right-wing radio "shock jock".
I'm Not Rappaport is a play by Herb Gardner, which originally ran on Broadway in 1985.
Near the end of the play a Chinese revolutionary, Hsing Ping-wu, lies down on the railway tracks to force the armoured train to stop.
The story is thought to be derived from an earlier work called Chārudatta in Poverty by the playwright Bhāsa, though that work survives only in fragments.
The Spanish Viceroy is a problem play of English Renaissance drama.
The Pitchfork Disney is a 1991 stage play by Philip Ridley.
The Broadway production received five Tony Award nominations, including for Best New Play.
When the father discovers the disobedience of his children, he is dismayed; and the entire situation is exacerbated by the ill-intentioned uncle.
Deuce is a play by Terrence McNally which ran on Broadway in 2007.
The cast included Betty Field and Wendell Corey.
Tumhari Amrita is a epistolary play directed by Feroz Abbas Khan.
The author started working upon this 4-act comedy in August 1881 and finished it on December 6 of that year.
Proof is a 2000 play by the American playwright David Auburn.
The Rivals is a comedy of manners by Richard Brinsley Sheridan in five acts.
Completed in mid-1995, the play consists of 559 lines of dialogue spread through 30 scenes.
The critic from the New York Times was less enthusiastic but said the play "unwinds pleasantly enough."
"FF 8282" was Archer's prisoner number while incarcerated.
Pseudolus was first shown in 191 B.C.
The two-act version was revived at the Citizens Theatre in May 2017.
The movie of the same name is an adaptation of the play.
Ernst Deutsch played the Son to great acclaim.
The work portrays the social tensions present at this pivotal moment in Scottish history.
The story is loosely based on Carlo Gozzi's commedia dell'arte play Turandot, a production of which Brecht saw in Moscow in 1932, directed by Yevgeny Vakhtangov.
It opened at the Royale Theatre on March 5, 1933 and ran for 72 performances closing May 6, 1933.
Madame de Pompadour, having promised Gresset that she would put on the play at her theatre, did so on February 6, 1748.
The play was written in 1912-1914, during Javid’s lifetime in Tiflis and Nakhchivan.
It is set over one evening in Berenson's Italian home, Villa I Tatti, near Florence, in 1937.
The cast included Michael Cochrane and Jemma Redgrave and the directors were Nicolas Kent and Indhu Rubasingham.
Leda Had a Little Swan is a 1968 play.
Amadeus is a play by Peter Shaffer, which gives a highly fictionalized account of the lives of the composers Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart and Antonio Salieri.
The play takes place between the Summer of 1592 and Spring 1593.
The Guys is a play by Anne Nelson about the aftereffects of the collapse of the World Trade Center.
A Disappearing Number is a 2007 play co-written and devised by the Théâtre de Complicité company and directed and conceived by English playwright Simon McBurney.
His work was later used by the German army to produce chlorine gas used in Second Battle of Ypres in the First World War.
The play is about the end of a three-decade marriage and the subsequent emotional fallout.
When two half blood knots are used to join two lines they are considered as one knot and called a blood knot.
It is about a teenage girl who is sent back in time one day to prevent the death of her older brother in a motorcycle accident.
The Edo debut was held at the Ichimura-za the following March.
Outside Mullingar is a play by John Patrick Shanley, which ran on Broadway in 2014.
I Am 13 Years Old is an influential 1980 play by Merle Karusoo.
Hochhuth, unaware that the plane's pilot Eduard Prchal was still alive, accused him of participating in the plot.
The Countess is a play written by American author Gregory Murphy.
The Heretic is a British black comedy play by Richard Bean about climate change and its sceptics.
The changes have been adopted by many subsequent adaptations, including several film versions of the story which were derived from the play.
Let the Sunshine is a 2010 play by David Williamson.
It is a metaphoric meditation on the politics of violence and aggressive selfhood and that war dehumanized individuals and society.
Shakespeare & Company is presenting it in English as part of its outdoor Bankside Festival, June 29-August 27, 2011, at Lenox, Massachusetts.
A Broadway debut opened in April 2011.
One of Williams's best-known works and his personal favorite, the play won the Pulitzer Prize for Drama in 1955.
Les Belles-soeurs premiered at Théâtre du Rideau Vert on August 8, 1968.
Inadmissible Evidence is a play written by John Osborne in November 1964.
It premiered at the Soho Theatre in London, England, on 3 May 2007.
The plot is a modern take on the Bible stories of Noah and the Ark.
There is no such place as Tauris in Euripides' play, although Goethe, in his play Iphigenie auf Tauris, took there to be such a place.
The play takes place entirely on a single Saturday afternoon in the conservatory of a large country house in Hindhead, Surrey in Edwardian era England.
The production ran at London's National Theatre in August 2016 and is scheduled to transfer to the West End's Duke of York's Theatre in May 2017.
The Shrike is a play written by American dramatist Joseph Kramm.
It is unclear whether it was first produced before or after Sophocles' version of the Electra story.
After years of search, they find a doctor who is willing to put his name on the line and diagnose the women with radium poisoning.
Becky Shaw is a play written by Gina Gionfriddo.
Following a four-month run it closed on 8 January 2000.
It is available in its entirety in the series' DVD and Blu-ray releases.
The play premiered at Royal Court on 12 September 2001, receiving gasps from the audience.
Pitoniak and Marchand were nominated for the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Featured Actress in a Play but lost to Judith Ivey in Hurlyburly.
The Discovery is a comedy by Frances Sheridan.
The characters of Śūdraka are drawn from the mundane world.
It was also Katharine Cornell's Broadway debut.
Lorca's plan for a "trilogy of the Spanish earth" remained unfinished at the time of his death.
A Walk in the Woods is a 1988 play by Lee Blessing.
Later the play was changed to give it a happy ending.
His Dark Materials is a play written by British playwright Nicholas Wright adapted from the Philip Pullman fantasy novel trilogy of the same title.
The Jovial Rascals of Edo, is a 1958 color Japanese film directed by Daisuke Itō.
He also wrote that "The casual misogyny that gets voiced makes for pretty tough going".
When Dad Married Fury is a 2012 play by David Williamson.
Following The Shape of Things and Fat Pig, it is the final installment of a trilogy that focuses on modern-day obsession with physical appearance.
Breath is a notably short stage work by Samuel Beckett.
James Moore, the Heritage Minister cancelled funding for Summerworks in June 2011.
Batman Live is a touring stage show, including theatrical, circus and stage-magic elements, that focuses on the DC Comics superhero Batman.
The nightly program takes place on the south lawn of temple hill at the Manti Temple.
It was included in Burns Mantle's The Best Plays of 1920-1921.
Saved was originally refused a licence without severe cuts by the Lord Chamberlain.
Originally billed in New York as "Elizabeth Scott", she dropped the "E" before taking the part in Boston, and it became her breakthrough role.
Peter Caroll performed in the original Nimrod Theatre production.
Dampier later reworked the play as The Trapper for Carver and Lily.
It was commissioned by the Seattle Children's Theatre, where it opened on January 30, 2004.
The Hot l Baltimore is a play by Lanford Wilson.
The play was the basis of several movie and radio adaptations.
Top Silk is a play by David Williamson concerning two lawyers.
Kooman had previously published literature, but this was his first full-length play.
Elizabeth Rex is a play by Timothy Findley.
Rain On The Just is a play by Peter Watling which premiered in 1948 at the Theatre Royal, Newcastle upon Tyne.
It has frequently been claimed that it was at least partly written by William Shakespeare, a view that Shakespeare scholars have increasingly endorsed.
spell #7 culminates in a repetition of lou's refrain, with all the cast members singing together.
It was Ephron's final work and marked Tom Hanks's Broadway debut, in which he earned a Theatre World Award.
Dog Sees God: Confessions of a Teenage Blockhead is a play written by Bert V. Royal.
It was revised between 420 and 417 BC and was thereafter circulated in manuscript form.
The show begins with a brief documentary.
Against her better judgement, Cécile, Saint-Albin's sister, hides Sophie in their home at the behest of Germeuil, a friend of the family.
It was O'Neill's first full-length work, and the winner of the 1920 Pulitzer Prize for Drama.
The script is published by Playscripts, Inc..
Captain Midnight, the Bush King is now considered lost.
The Worst Woman in London is an 1899 English melodrama play about a manipulative woman.
It set off a storm of controversy, firstly because of the language, and then because it dared to portray working class women doing working class things...
Michael is a Southern Irish Republican and William is a Northern Irish Orangeman.
It was the recipient of the 1949 Pulitzer Prize for Drama and Tony Award for Best Play.
The Siege of Numantia is a tragedy by Miguel de Cervantes set at the siege of Numantia.
It was first published in No.1, January 1857 issue of Russkaya Beseda and came out as a separate edition later that year.
The New York Times described it as "an extraordinarily interesting work from one of America's most innovative and versatile playwrights."
L'Aigle à deux têtes is a French play in three acts by Jean Cocteau, written in 1943 and first performed in 1946.
Jennie's marriage to a football player has dissolved after six years.
It ran for 248 performances from November 27, 1933 to July 1934 at the Alvin Theatre.
The Philanthropist demonstrated Hampton's ability "to write witty, subtle and revealing dialogue."
Contemporary reviews remarked on the similarities the play had with Robbery Under Arms.
In Oedipus Rex, the title character blinds himself upon learning his true parentage, accidentally killing his father and marrying his mother Jocasta.
This Is How It Goes is a play by Neil LaBute set in small town America, about the repercussions of an interracial love triangle.
His notoriety caused the play, despite its early success, to be closed after 86 performances.
Hernani is a drama by the French romantic author Victor Hugo.
Produced at the Comedy Theater August 30, 1920, it ran through till June.
The Ik were displaced from their land to create the Kidepo Valley National Park and consequently suffered extreme famine.
The World and the Child is an anonymous English morality play.
It later went on to success on Broadway and won the Pulitzer Prize for Drama.
It was produced in Athens, Greece in December 2009, at the "Treno sto Rouf" theater.
The play's title refers to a song of the same title by Ma Rainey referring to the Black Bottom dance.
The play is also an inspiration for some of the main characters in Vishal Bhardwaj's Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola.
The Miser is a five-act comedy in prose by the French playwright Molière.
In 1929, Barrie gave the copyright of the Peter Pan works to Great Ormond Street Hospital, a children's hospital in London.
It is based on the book May It Please You Honour written by Gopal Godse.
The action takes place over three acts.
High is a play written by Matthew Lombardo.
It has also been expanded and adapted into a forty-minute English-language zarzuela with a Madrid setting by Derek Barnes, with text by Christopher Webber.
On September 25, 1943, the play moved to the Hudson Theatre.
Earthquakes in London is a play by Mike Bartlett.
17, September 1855 issue of Moskvityanin magazine.
A film version was produced in 1958, and there is an operatic setting by Edward Thomas.
The title suggests the "female characters are as delicate as magnolias but as tough as steel".
However, the love Santa has for his family allows him to reject these things.
Driving into Walls is a play written by Suzie Miller and produced by Barking Gecko Theatre Company.
The first piece that Christie wrote for the stage, it launched a successful second career for her as a playwright.
They are linked by a doctor who is studying what causes men to commit such crimes.
Bird talks about his days in Kansas City Missouri to imaginary characters, imitates Lester Young and plays some of his own songs.
Revivals of the original production were produced in 1986 and a truncated version from 2006 to 2008.
The characters are known only as "A" and "Z".
A Bitter Fate, also translated as A Bitter Lot, is an 1859 realistic play by Aleksey Pisemsky.
In one specific instance in February 2010, these royalties were said to amount to US$700.
Plautus himself points out the difference in tone between this play and his other works in Captivi’s prologue.
Gurajada Apparao wrote the story in long poetic form in English and published in "Indian Leisure Hour" in 1883.
Peer Gynt is a five-act play in verse by the Norwegian dramatist Henrik Ibsen.
Kessler, who went on to write Orphans, won a Rockefellor Foundation grant for The Watering Place.
Additional performances were held at the Wharf Theatre, in Sydney, Australia in 1992 and the West Yorkshire Playhouse in Leeds in 1998.
The novelisation was undertaken by the Australian-born writer and classical music critic Charles Osborne, with the endorsement of the Christie estate.
The Misanthrope, or the Cantankerous Lover is a 17th-century comedy of manners in verse written by Molière.
It was based on La Verdad Sospechosa by the Spanish-American playwright Juan Ruíz de Alarcón, which was published in 1634.
The play won the 1987 Pulitzer Prize for Drama and the 1987 Tony Award for Best Play.
An altered version was first included in Kenneth Tynan's revue Oh!
It was Ridley's fourth stage play for adults and premiered at the Hampstead Theatre, London on 6 September 2000.
Roosevelt's successor, William Howard Taft, also later saw and approved of the play, and was featured in some of the play's advertising.
A Taste of Honey is the first play by the British dramatist Shelagh Delaney, written when she was 18.
Chariots of Fire is a 2012 stage adaptation of the 1981 Oscar-winning film of the same name.
Arlequin and Trivelin are stock characters of the Commedia dell'arte, and Silvia is a name associated with the female romantic lead.
The protagonist of the play Chārudatta does not belong to the noble class or royal lineage.
The Lion In Love is a 1960 play by the British dramatist Shelagh Delaney.
The play was shown at the 2013 New York Fringe Festival.
Four Nights in Knaresborough is a play written by Paul Corcoran and first performed at the Tricycle Theatre, London in 1999.
The play depicts the immorality and selfishness which can be found in small towns, as well as how the militia can disrupt the lives of civilians.
On October 14 of the same year it was performed in Maly Theatre, as actress Ekaterina Vasilieva's benefice.
Produced by Fritz Holt and directed by Michael Montel, it was not a success.
Originally, to the ancient Greeks, the title was simply Oedipus, as it is referred to by Aristotle in the Poetics.
The play ran at the Adelphi Theatre in London, England for four weeks, beginning on 16 December 1974.
Rinehart and Hopwood made a number of alterations to the source to prepare it for Broadway, most notably adding the titular antagonist.
However, in terms of the chronology of events that the plays describe, it comes first, followed by Oedipus at Colonus and then Antigone.
The Sacco-Vanzetti case was the play's inspiration, Charles Bickford in the Sacco character role.
The Domestic Crusaders is a play by Wajahat Ali about a Pakistani-American Muslim family.
It was written as a vehicle for Caroline O'Connor.
Although the plays loosely shared some common themes, the three stories were independent of each other and unconnected.
It ran for 72 performances from February 9, 1925 to April 1925 at the Cherry Lane Theatre.
As it progresses, however, the work becomes a darker philosophical treatment of human relations.
Part one of the play premiered in 1991 and its Broadway opening was in 1993.
It opened for previews on October 21, 2010, and opened officially November 10, 2010 at The Players Theatre on MacDougal Street in Greenwich Village.
The theme is conflicting versions of the truth told by the main characters, each of whom claims the other is insane.
The character's nationality was changed from English to American to match Corbett's casting.
An immediate success, it is still performed.
It originally premiered at the Theatre at Rutgers University in 1979.
Merging is a one-act play written by Charles Messina.
The audience is requested to excuse these interruptions, which are made solely for its convenience."
The plot takes many turns as Epidicus tries to please his master's son, Stratippocles.
Gismonda is a Greek melodrama in four acts by Victorien Sardou that premiered in 1894 at the Théâtre de la Renaissance.
It employs a chorus and narrator in the character of Alfieri.
Mr. Cariani describes the play’s subject as ‘falling in and out of love.’ It is just as much about pain.”
Elements of the play were borrowed from Shaw's 1882 novel Cashel Byron's Profession, about a man who becomes a boxer due to limited employment opportunities.
The court hears the case of Karen Andre, a former secretary and lover of businessman Bjorn Faulkner, of whose murder she is accused.
Longxugou is a 1951 Chinese play by Lao She written at the invitation of the Beijing Government for Li Bozhao's Beijing People's Art Theatre.
Precious Little Talent is a 2009 play written and directed by Ella Hickson.
Jo Mielziner created the scenic and lighting design.
Novelist, screenwriter and playwright Manuel Puig wrote two plays while living in exile.
The central character, Poopay, must save herself from the murderous Julian by preventing the murders of Reece's two wives.
The play opened on 9 September 2009 and starred Danny Dyer and Shaun Evans.
is based on the English play, The Pie and The Tart by Hugh Chesterman, an English play with French setting.
The production moved to the Lamb's Theatre on February 17, 2005.
Sylvia is a play by A. R. Gurney.
Some critics consider the play part of a quintet which includes Shepard's Family Trilogy: Curse of the Starving Class, Buried Child, and True West.
Cat on a Hot Tin Roof features motifs such as social mores, greed, superficiality, mendacity, decay, sexual desire, repression and death.
Actors who have taken on the title role include British comedian Rowan Atkinson.
In 1880, with only a few copies privately printed, arrangements were made with noted actresses for a production in the United Kingdom, but this never materialized.
The Belle of Amherst is a one-woman play by William Luce.
The play is written in the style of verbatim theatre using interviews from politicians, police, rioters and victims involved in the riots.
The big topic is the abuse of intellectual skills.
The Blood of the Bambergs is a short two-act play by John Osborne, published in his book "Plays for England".
The Field is a play written by John B. Keane, first performed in 1965.
Along with Yoshitsune Senbon Zakura and Kanadehon Chūshingura, it is one of the three most famous and popular plays in the kabuki repertoire.
Despite a perpetually stormy relationship, they realise that they still have feelings for each other.
According to Mastrosimone, it “is a drama to be performed by kids, for kids” for free.
Evidence then emerges suggesting that he was involved in a theft and murder that happened in the period that he cannot account for.
Rafta, Rafta... is a comedy by British Pakistani playwright Ayub Khan-Din adapted from the 1963 Bill Naughton play, All in Good Time.
Any Number Can Die premiered at the Dorset Playhouse, Dorset, Vermont by the Caravan Theatre Summer Stock Company.
It was revived off Broadway in 2007, directed by Estelle Parsons.
The husband has traditional views on marriage.
It is set in the working class tenements of Dublin in the early 1920s, during the Irish Civil War period.
Women of Trachis is an Athenian tragedy by Sophocles.
Carl Laemmle later paid a then-extravagant $225,000 for the film rights.
In April 1988, the Playhouse Theatre was the site for the first London production of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest.
Stage productions of the play vary greatly, therefore, with between one and several actors in performance; the original production featured three actors.
Due to its controversial subject matter, the play has often been banned or censored.
We Have No Bananas" and "The Sheik of Araby".
It was first performed at the Haymarket Theatre on 7 July 1787.
It was adapted as a movie in 1914, with Corbett again playing Raffles, although the adaptation removed the Holmes character.
MacHomer is a one-person play by Rick Miller which blends William Shakespeare's tragedy Macbeth with the animated television series The Simpsons.
During the 19th century, mathematicians began to develop many different abstractions which share certain properties of numbers and may be seen as extending the concept.
is a parody by Jaime Keeling of the 1991 Keanu Reeves, Patrick Swayze action crime movie Point Break.
What Women Suffer is a 1911 Australian silent film directed by Alfred Rolfe.
It was directed by Joseph Losey and Brecht, with musical direction by Serge Hovey and set-design by Robert Davison.
It features Mr Godboy, whose obsession with the police leads him to go to elaborate lengths to get the attention of the charismatic Inspector Hawkins.
The one-act play runs for 95-minutes with no intermission.
Considered by many to be Stoppard's finest play, it has been called "esoteric".
The Italian censors restricted it to audiences over the age of 18 when Rame included as a prologue her monologue The Rape.
The Breaking of the Drought is a 1920 Australian silent film from director Franklyn Barrett based on the popular play by Bland Holt and Arthur Shirley.
The play was written to commemorate the Teacher's Day of 1943, as well as to promote national unity and patriotism.
This play is a spin-off from the play Madea's Class Reunion.
Adapted from a French farce, the show featured dialogue that was condemned as indecent by many contemporary reviewers.
Three Days of Rain is a play by Richard Greenberg that was commissioned and produced by South Coast Repertory in 1997.
The play won the 1992 Pulitzer Prize for Drama.
In the forest he meets and falls in love with Ondine, a water-sprite who is attracted to the world of mortal man.
As Variedades de Proteu is a play by António José da Silva that deals with the intricacies of marriage and love.
It forms, in context, a continuation of his another drama, Pratijnayaugandharayana.
The play debuted at Dublin's Olympia Theatre in 1965, with Ray McAnally as "The Bull" and Eamon Keane as "The Bird" O'Donnell.
Ghetto premièred at the Haifa Municipal Theatre in Israel and the Freie Volksbühne, Berlin, in 1984, with folk and jazz singer, Esther Ofarim as Hayyah
The play is a comedy–drama about the bond amongst a group of Southern women in northwest Louisiana.
Sons of Cain is a 1985 play by David Williamson about three female investigative reporters.
Philip Moeller directed while Mordecai Gorelik designed the sets and costumes.
In Abraham's Bosom is a play by American dramatist Paul Green.
The play was Inge's first, written while he was a teacher at Washington University in St. Louis, Missouri.
The events in the play Terror of the Tug took place after the historical events of the Coal Wars battle, depicted in the 1987 movie Matewan.
The meter is principally iambic trimeter, which is that of tragedy rather than comedy.
The Nazarene is on his way to his doom, and the spectacle is described by the blind man to whom the Savior had given sight.
Cleo, Camping, Emmanuelle and Dick is a 1998 play written by the English dramatist Terry Johnson, who also directed the original production at the National Theatre.
In fact, it has been hypothesized that the second play is a revision of the first.
The play is billed as "classic story of good versus evil, law versus the gun, one man versus Liberty Valance.
The play was directed by Mike Ockrent.
It won the 1926 Pulitzer Prize for Drama.
The play is a religious drama, drawn from traditional accounts of the lives of the Saints and the Blessed Virgin Mary.
The performance was included in the solo performance anthology "O Solo Homo."
The play is centered on sociopolitical themes such as Islamophobia and the self-identity of Muslim-American citizens.
The Absence of War is a play by English playwright David Hare, the final installment of his trilogy about contemporary Britain.
As his passion in science intertwines with nationalistic pride, Haber manifested himself a scientist devoted to a country that never accepted his Jewish origin.
True West is a play by American playwright Sam Shepard.
Directors of new productions have included John Gielgud, Howard Davies and Richard Eyre.
It holds the world record for the play that has been staged continuously in the same theatre for the longest time.
It premiered at the Stoke Repertory Theatre on 16 August 2012.
John Hall was played by Lorcan Cranitch.
The play was first produced in 1981 by the Vancouver Playhouse in Vancouver, British Columbia.
The first production was at the Schiller Theatre, Hamburg in 1979, directed by Walter Asmus.
It is in the expressionist style of Ernst Toller and Georg Kaiser.
Tony n’ Tina’s Wedding shares some similarities with a 1969 Australian play called Dimboola, by Jack Hibberd.
In 1963, the play was made into a film of the same name starring Bob Hope and Lucille Ball.
Sinden sang it and later recorded it with Davies.
The story of the play focuses on the classical figure of Dido, the Queen of Carthage.
Brecht wrote it between 1919 and 1920, and it received its first theatrical production in 1922.
It was nominated for multiple Tony Awards as well as the Olivier Award and Evening Standard Award for Best Play.
Big White Fog is a play by American playwright Theodore Ward and his first major work.
Directed by Michael Blakemore, it starred Philip Bosco, Michael Cumpsty, and Blair Brown.
Based on his 1922 novel of the same name, it was the first play that he wrote and remains his most important.
Shaw's play has been adapted numerous times, most notably as the musical My Fair Lady and its film version.
As with Acting Shakespeare he toured around England, Europe and America to great acclaim.
The production won the 2014 Laurence Olivier Award, for Best New Comedy.
Ultimately, revelations about Eileen's true character help return Fred to his senses and Edna, whom he realizes he truly loves.
The play was adapted into a film of the same name, released in 1985.
The play portrays the visit of an elderly professor and his glamorous, much younger second wife, Yelena, to the rural estate that supports their urban lifestyle.
The play is an epic piece running more than five hours and was designed to be presented in two parts.
The original production was staged by John Van Druten, with scenic and lighting design by Boris Aronson and costumes by Ellen Goldsborough.
The production was directed by Gregory Mosher, and starred Joe Mantegna, Mike Nussbaum, Robert Prosky, Lane Smith, James Tolkan, Jack Wallace and J. T. Walsh.
It was first produced at the City Dionysia festival in 438 BC.
The play was first staged by two provincial theatres in Düsseldorf and Darmstadt, opening first in the latter on 25 September 1926.
Inspired by the success of Wallace's popular novel, the stage production was notable for its elaborate use of spectacle.
The play premiered at the Humana Festival in 2008 and opened Off-Broadway in 2008.
The play was a Pulitzer Prize finalist in 1997.
Arms and the Man is a comedy by George Bernard Shaw, whose title comes from the opening words of Virgil's Aeneid, in Latin: Arma virumque cano.
The play premiered in 2008 at the Head Theater at Centerstage in Baltimore, Maryland under the direction of David Schweizer.
The play was revived in the West End at the Playhouse Theatre on 24 April 1950, directed by Anthony Pelissier.
It was also adapted in a 1914 film, The Ghost Breaker and a 1922 film, The Ghost Breaker.
Marching Song is a play about the legend of abolitionist John Brown, written in 1932 by Orson Welles and Roger Hill.
It was Welles's second WPA production, after his highly successful Voodoo Macbeth.
Mishima wrote these plays between 1950 and 1955 and presented them as modern plays in Tokyo.
Lady Florence Caroline Dixie, was a Scottish traveller, war correspondent, writer and feminist.
The play has remained the most frequently performed Greek tragedy through the 20th century.
Marco Polo Sings a Solo is a play by John Guare.
It is one of Priestley's best known works for the stage, and is considered to be one of the classics of mid-20th century English theatre.
Williamson later reworked the play again in 1996 as Third World Blues.
Invitation to the Castle is a 1947 satirical play by the French playwright Jean Anouilh.
Things That Go Bump is a season of plays performed in 2008 by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn.
An authorised English translation has been carried out by Ed Emery.
It is one of the earliest modern works in an Indian language, and it is the first Telugu play to deal with social issues.
It received its first professional production at Suvorin's theatre in Saint Petersburg on 12 October 1898, directed by P. P. Gnedich.
The drama is set during the bank panic of 1933 and concerns the fall of the world's richest man, a banker named McGafferty.
Prchal won a libel case that seriously affected the London theatre which staged the play.
MacLeish began the work in 1953 as a one-act production but within three years had expanded it to a full three-act manuscript.
The English translation of the title is akin to "Stop a Moment!"
The Russian People is a 1942 play by Clifford Odets adapted from a Russian original by Konstantin Simonov.
Woyzeck is a stage play written by Georg Büchner.
Alec McCowen played Dysart, and Peter Firth played Alan Strang.
Fatal Attraction is a 2014 play adapted from his original screenplay by James Dearden.
Uncommon Women and Others, is the first play by noted 20th-century American playwright Wendy Wasserstein.
The New Tenant is a play written by Eugène Ionesco in 1955.
It is the longest of Aristophanes' surviving plays and yet it is a fairly conventional example of Old Comedy.
Although a great success when it was first produced, Iphigénie is rarely performed today.
It was the first Australian film musical.
It was billed as a "family" play, and shown as the Stephen Joseph Theatre's Christmas production.
Pecong is a 1990 play by American playwright Steve Carter.
The play concerns an Oxford student dining club called "The Riot Club", a fictionalised version of the Bullingdon Club.
Butler called the play, which is named after the Stone Roses' 1989 song of the same title, his 'love letter' to Sheffield.
The star cast includes Nirmiti Sawant, Purnima Ahire, Anant Chauhan, Purshottam Berde, Manohar Gaikwad.
Though originally completed in 1981, a second draft wasn't completed until 1982, and the play was not performed on stage until 1983.
Barking in Essex is a black comedy directed by Harry Burton.
Critics panned the play, ridiculing the plot, dialog, and Bara's acting.
La Farce de maître Pathelin is a fifteenth-century anonymous medieval farce written originally in French.
Headstrong was noted in an article on Grantland, in addition to other sites, to illustrate the growing public awareness of CTE.
Great Catherine: Whom Glory Still Adores is a 1913 one-act play by Irish dramatist George Bernard Shaw.
It was Orton's final play and the second to be performed after his death, following Funeral Games in 1968.
Wisdom of a Fool is a one-man play based on the early life and career of actor and comedian Norman Wisdom.
The play is filled with profanity and regional jargon that reflects the working-class language of Chicago.
The Flick premiered Off-Broadway at Playwrights Horizons in 2013.
However, when an accident changes everything, Adam must turn to Luke's family for support and answers.
The Dybbuk had its world premiere in that language, performed by the Vilna Troupe at Warsaw in 1920.
What The Piano Lesson finally seems to ask is: "What do you do with your legacy, and how do you best put it to use?"
She is regularly shown to express conflicting ideas between what she is saying, and what she is actually thinking.
Dividing the Estate is a play by Horton Foote.
In Act One, like a prosecutor presenting a case, Maitland brutally shows the audience the utter despair and mediocrity of his life.
It opened on January 7, 1929 at the President Theatre, and ran for 67 performances, closing in March of that year.
Spur of the Moment is the debut play from Anya Reiss, who wrote it at age 17.
Kataoka Nizaemon IV and Yamamoto Koheiji were two of the actors in this performance, playing Ginpei and Tadanobu/Genkurō respectively.
The School for Scandal is a play written by Richard Brinsley Sheridan.
In 1891, Strindberg accused Henrik Ibsen of plagiarising the play in his Hedda Gabler.
Hedda's married name is Hedda Tesman; Gabler is her maiden name.
The operetta is based on James Joyce's Ulysses.
Actress Rachel Gurney replaced Gray in the role of the fiancé.
Salome is a tragedy by Oscar Wilde.
A Provincial Lady is a one-act play by Ivan Turgenev.
Garfield played major movie star Charlie Castle, whose idealistic wife Marion has left him.
Out Cry premiered at the Ivanhoe Theatre in Chicago on July 8, 1971.
Lady Day at Emerson's Bar and Grill is a play with music by Lanie Robertson, recounting some events in the life of Billie Holiday.
The Inca of Perusalem, An Almost Historical Comedietta is a comic one-act play written during World War I by George Bernard Shaw.
Its subject is the British stock market, specifically the London International Financial Futures and Options Exchange.
For the first time it was staged in 1921, on a stage of the State Theatre.
Philoctetes is a play by the Athenian poet Aeschylus.
The Desperate Hours is a 1955 play by Joseph Hayes, based on his 1954 thriller novel of the same title.
This in turn helps the four main characters decide to file a lawsuit against Radium Dial.
All the Way Home is a play written by American playwright Tad Mosel, adapted from the 1957 James Agee novel, A Death in the Family.
Fonda got out of a Hollywood film contract in order to star in the Broadway theatre stage production.
It was voted Best Play of the festival.
Under Plain Cover is a short two-act play by John Osborne, published in his book "Plays for England".
The Six of Calais is a one-act play by George Bernard Shaw.
It premièred on 18 November 1718 at the Comédie-Française, during his first period of exile at Châtenay-Malabry.
Mio's quest is complicated by his love for Miriamne Esdras and the difficult ethical decisions that result from his connection with her family.
It ran for 232 performances from November 26, 1923 to June 1924 at the Klaw Theatre.
The trilogy was written by Jaston Williams, Joe Sears, and Ed Howard.
The play received critical acclaim, five star reviews and played to standing ovations at every Theatre.
The 1996 version of the play added an introductory scene.
The play was first refused by the Alexandrinsky Theatre of Saint Petersburg and the Maly Theatre of Moscow.
The Elaborate Entrance of Chad Deity is a dramatic comedy play by Kristoffer Diaz about a professional wrestler.
The play, composed at Hamburg, was Hebbel's first tragedy.
For the article about the 1948 film adaptation of this play, see Another Part of the Forest.
It is now available from Samuel French Ltd.
Along with its sequel Geisterbahn, it is regarded as one of Kroetz's most important works in the period.
The play received its UK premiere at the Royal Court Theatre in London in a production directed by Dominic Cooke.
Blooms of Dublin is a musical play or operetta by Anthony Burgess.
The United States Premiere was presented at the Fountain Theatre, Los Angeles, from 16 October 2010 to 30 January 2011, to rave reviews.
As of November 2012, My Big Gay Italian Wedding also ran at the St. Luke's Theatre in an open ended run with the cast below.
The Emperor Jones was included in Burns Mantle's The Best Plays of 1920-1921.
Ẹni Ògún was a stage play performed in celebration of Wole Soyinka's 80th birthday.
Smilin' Through is also the title of a 1919 ballad with lyrics and music by Arthur A. Penn.
According to Hochhuth's biographer Birgit Lahan, these rumours relayed by Jane Ledig-Rowohlt had been the sole source for the allegations in the play.
The 1956 film of the same name is only loosely based on it.
The Miss Firecracker Contest is a Southern literature play written by Beth Henley.
The play premiered on Broadway in 1968, and has been revived four times on Broadway.
Giraudoux gives the Roman legend a new locale, setting his drama in nineteenth-century Aix-en-Provence in southern France.
The play is a co-production and co-commission between Center Stage, Baltimore, Maryland, and South Coast Repertory, Costa Mesa, California.
Epic Proportions is a play by Larry Coen and David Crane.
Forty Carats is a play by Jay Allen.
Hurlyburly is a dark comedy play by David Rabe, first staged in 1984.
Akira Kurosawa's film The Men who Tread on the Tiger's Tail is partly based on Kanjinchō.
Aunt Bam's Place is a 2011 American musical play created, written, produced, and directed by Tyler Perry.
Harwood presented the fascination of European intellectuals with Soviet Union.
Though it is now regarded as pseudoscience, numerology, the belief in a mystical significance of numbers, permeated ancient and medieval thought.
Among the first were the hypercomplex numbers, which consist of various extensions or modifications of the complex number system.
The play includes his near fatal automobile accident and devotes a large portion to his recovery.
It was the first time an internationally famous Australian actress had been recorded on celluloid, pre-dating Sarah Bernhardt's appearance in Queen Elizabeth.
Private Lives is a 1930 comedy of manners in three acts by Noël Coward.
After being presented successfully at the Royal National Theatre, London in 1979, the play moved to the West End followed by Broadway.
The Epigoni is an ancient Greek tragedy written by the Greek playwright Sophocles in the 5th century BC and based on Greek mythology.
It "broke theatrical ground by concentrating on a non-traditional cast of three middle-aged women."
It was broadcast in ten episodes beginning on 8 July 2011 and 14 July 2011.
Subsequent public performances were given at the theatre of the Palais-Royal beginning on 23 November 1670.
The other two plays in the series are Les Deux Billets and Le Bon Père.
Love's Comedy is a comedy by Henrik Ibsen.
The other two plays in the series are Les Deux Billets and Le Bon Ménage.
A later version was titled Celebrity Autobiography: The Next Chapter.
It is a satirical comedy about several political philosophies which are expounded by the characters, often in lengthy monologues.
Amidst the cheers, one audience member booed.
The Madwoman of Chaillot is a play, a poetic satire, by French dramatist Jean Giraudoux, written in 1943 and first performed in 1945, after his death.
It was adapted into the 1938 film The Shining Hour directed by Frank Borzage and starring Joan Crawford, Robert Young, Margaret Sullavan and Melvyn Douglas.
It was included in Burns Mantle's The Best Plays of 1920-1921.
The play alternates between two separate monologues and present-moment dialogue scenes.
It is based on Guillén de Castro's play Las mocedades del Cid, published in 1618.
It was based on the Broadway play of the same name by Norman Krasna.
Moon Over Buffalo is a 1995 comic play by Ken Ludwig set in Buffalo, New York in 1953.
The city's Commissioner of Licenses attempted to revoke the theater's license, but this effort was blocked in court.
Another Part of the Forest is a 1946 play by Lillian Hellman, a prequel to her 1939 drama The Little Foxes.
The play takes place in the Arizona Territory before the Spanish–American War of 1898.
The ensemble portrays more than a dozen people who were important in Wright's eventful life.
It was originally written and performed in prison and has come to be regarded as an Australian classic.
Written in 1939, the play featured performances by Elia Kazan during his collaboration with the Group Theatre.
Reiner directed the original production which starred Bob Dishy.
The play premiered at the Brighton Festival in on 14 May 2008.
David Garrick declined to stage the play, so Cumberland instead had it published.
It had its world premiere on October 15, 2010 at the Olympia Theatre, Dublin produced by Landmark Productions.
No complete scene has survived, nor has the cast of characters.
The play won the 1934 Pulitzer Prize for Drama.
It is a 45-minute play, on the life two beggars, Salim and Javed, set in old Hyderabad city and its unique Hyderabadi language.
One Sunday night, Nellie is so worn down from a lifetime making dough, he loses his vest in the mix.
For example, the slave who is free born, the wife who is smarter than her husband, the "dirty old man" chasing after the young lady.
Rosmersholm is a play written in 1886 by Norwegian playwright Henrik Ibsen.
The Heiress is a 1947 play by American playwrights Ruth and Augustus Goetz adapted from the 1880 Henry James novel Washington Square.
Critics praised Vanya and Sonia and Masha and Spike as a humorous adaptation of Chekhov themes that doesn't require familiarity with Chekhov.
It premiered in 1967 and became one of the most successful one person shows in history.
It takes as its subject the conflict between the generations and a rejection of the world in general by the young.
It depicts Hecuba's grief over the death of her daughter Polyxena, and the revenge she takes for the murder of her youngest son Polydorus.
It was first performed at the Donmar Warehouse in 1993, when it starred Iain Glen as Phil and Teresa Banham as Cath.
The antagonist is Fujiwara no Shihei, whose name is written with the same kanji as the historical Fujiwara no Tokihira.
The play centers on two characters, Melissa Gardner and Andrew Makepeace Ladd III.
It was first produced on stage in New York City in November 2006.
Stallerhof is a 1971 play in three acts by Franz Xaver Kroetz.
The Play About the Baby is a play by Edward Albee.
Handkerchief of Clouds: A Tragedy in Fifteen Acts is a French-language Dadaist play by Romanian-born author Tristan Tzara.
Really Old, Like Forty Five is a play by Tamsin Oglesby.
One of the first textual references to the celebration of Holi, the festival of Colours have been found in this text.
It was played in Paris, at the Théâtre Libre in 1894.
It was included in Burns Mantle's The Best Plays of 1920–1921.
Kathleen Turner portrayed Ivins in the play's 2010 debut, the play was directed by David Esbjornson.
In this play, Saint Albin, a young man, falls in love with Sophie, a poor young woman of unknown parentage.
Uncommon Women and Others, is the first play by noted 20th-century American playwright Wendy Wasserstein.
Blood and Gifts is a play by the American playwright J. T. Rogers.
It was produced around Australia and was adapted several times for radio.
She meets several people along the way and upon her arrival, she is whisked back to Houston by her son and daughter-in-law.
The play opened in New Haven's Shubert Theatre in 1955 before premiering on Broadway later that year.
In order to protect himself, the student lies and drags her into a vortex of lies in which victim becomes perpetrator.
Mankind will surely not deny to Harold Skimpole what it concedes to the butterflies."
Edward Albee's At Home at the Zoo is a play by Edward Albee which adds a first act to his 1959 play The Zoo Story.
It is kept in the Vatican Library.
The Scout is a melodrama by Alfred Dampier and Garnet Walch set in the American west.
The production was directed and co-produced by Calvin Remsberg.
A part-musical performance that features ballet numbers, it is one of the most recognizable plays inspired by the anti-establishment trend known as Dadaism.
It stars Tyler Perry as Mabel "Madea" Simmons, Cassi Davis as Ella, Cherly Pepsi Riley as Wanda, and Judy Peterson as Katie.
The quintet concludes with Fool for Love and A Lie of the Mind.
The director of the production was Declan Donnellan, with the rest of the original creative team from London show returning for the Canadian production.
It won the 2011 George Devine Award and received rave reviews and had an extended sellout run.
Strictly Dishonorable is a romantic comedy play written by Preston Sturges and first produced on Broadway in 1929.
The commercial run is the first partnership with Art Meets Commerce and the Atlantic Theater Company.
Arlequin Mahomet is a one act farce by Alain-René Lesage.
The Tin Pan Alley Rag is a 2009 biographical musical play produced by The Roundabout Theatre Company.
After its official opening, A Teaspoon Every Four Hours closed after only one performance.
Truculentus is a comedic Latin play by the early Roman playwright Titus Maccius Plautus.
A more complete version was performed in 1981–1982, and it was revived in 1995.
What's on in London praised it as one of the most excruciating scenes of teenage sex ever staged.
A blood knot is most usefully employed for joining sections of monofilament nylon line while maintaining a high portion of the line's inherent strength.
Also, while in Sophocles' play Jocasta kills herself, remaining fragments of Euripides' play depict Jocasta as having survived and accompanied Oedipus into exile.
Bingo is a political drama heavily influenced by Bertolt Brecht and Epic theatre.
The play opens with a flight attendant demonstrating the safety equipment and reminding the audience to fasten their seat belts and turn off cell phones.
Cardinal Richelieu's Académie française acknowledged the play's success, but determined that it was defective, in part because it did not respect the classical unities.
The rehearsal script, which was not a novelisation of the play, was published.
The Tenth Man is a 1959 American play.
The play was broadcast on Berlin Radio on the 11 April 1932, with Carola Neher as Joan and Fritz Kortner as Mauler.
Invisible Friends is a 1989 children's play by the British playwright Alan Ayckbourn.
It is a parable of mid-century Irish rural life, symbolising the struggle between repression and liberty.
The show received its West End debut at the Garrick Theatre on 19 November 2016.
The English translation, by Jane Hinton was presented on Broadway, with another production later that year.
Wisdom is one of the earliest surviving medieval morality plays.
The show was produced by Monte Proser and stage managed by Earl Barton.
Daphne in Cottage D is a 1967 play which starred Sandy Dennis during its initial run.
The Nether is a sci-fi crime drama written by American playwright Jennifer Haley.
Anthos or Antheus is a play by the 5th century BCE Athenian dramatist Agathon.
The Tropicana Holiday is a striptease revue starring Jayne Mansfield.
The record-breaking success of the show put Codron on the map as a producer.
The original West End run of the play at the Apollo Theatre starred Elisabeth Bergner for whom the play was written.
The debate over creationism versus evolution has contemporary resonance, as evidenced by the play's numerous revivals and screen adaptations decades after its initial theatrical run.
The revival cast included: Malcolm Tierney, Kenneth Cranham, Patricia Franklin, Queenie Watts, Tom Chadbon, Peter Blythe and William Gaskill was the director.
The play was written between 1961 and 1962, drawing on Stoppard's experiences as a Bristol theatre critic.
It was first performed in 1955 in a production directed by Besson, with music by Rudolf Wagner-Régeny.
The Gladiator is a tragic melodrama in five acts written by Robert Montgomery Bird originally starring Edwin Forrest.
It was Osborne's final work for the theatre, the failure of which on the stage made him decide to give up play-writing.
Native Son is a 1941 Broadway drama written by Paul Green and Richard Wright based on Wright's novel Native Son.
Welcome to Thebes is a 2010 play by Moira Buffini.
This has since changed and social security is in place.
The play premiered on Broadway in 1992 and was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for Drama.
The Menaechmi is a comedy about mistaken identity, involving a set of twins, Menaechmus of Epidamnus and Menaechmus of Syracuse.
The Happy Journey to Trenton and Camden is a one act play by American novelist and playwright Thornton Wilder written in 1931.
Dynamo is a play in three acts written by Eugene O'Neill in 1929, each act is composed of three scenes.
The play has been described as "the supreme example of Spanish Golden Age drama".
According to Ellis, the play was responsible for helping revive Australian theatre.
Rocket to the Moon is a 1938 play by the American playwright Clifford Odets.
It was included in Burns Mantle's The Best Plays of 1928-1929.
Lost in Yonkers is a play by Neil Simon.
Or You Could Kiss Me is a play by Neil Bartlett and Handspring Puppet Company.
The first performance in English was on 7 April 1964 at the Old Vic in London.
Cavalcade is a play by Noël Coward with songs by Coward and others.
The play has been performed by the Steppenwolf Theatre and on Broadway in 2013.
It was made into a Telugu film in 1960.
It is a dark, often humorous, examination of social poverty.
The play was made into a 1931 film and has been adapted several times for television and radio.
First the Captain and the Generals tell them it is their duty to be buried, but they refuse.
It is the third play of his well-known "Dublin Trilogy" – the other two being The Shadow of a Gunman and Juno and the Paycock.
Krapp's Last Tape is a one-act play, in English, by Samuel Beckett.
In the context of this play, Daldry has characterized Hare's attitude to the Israel-Palestine conflict as follows:
Apparently, Harold Pinter said at her memorial service that she was a poet, and I think that's dead right."
Adam is covered in various injuries and talking with his secretary Licht.
The production was directed by Odets, and ran for 30 weeks, accumulating 235 performances, from November 10, 1950 to June 2, 1951.
Sloane was broadcast on 15 July 1968, and Games on 26 August 1968, both post-dating Orton's death.
Euripides' title means "Iphigenia among the Taurians", whereas Goethe's title means "Iphigenia in Taurica", the country of the Tauri.
It joins the ribald aspects of a satyr play, with a setting that is contemporary to its fifth-century audience.
This type of kick is usually made close to the opposition's tryline as an attacking play.
John Lee Beatty was nominated for the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Set Design but lost to Heidi Ettinger for Big River.
Fleißer based the play on real incidents, and worked on it in collaboration with Bertolt Brecht.
Oedipus Rex is regarded by many scholars as the masterpiece of ancient Greek tragedy.
It satirizes the persistence of unenlightened attitudes towards the peasants amongst the Russian landed aristocracy.
For Heaven's Sake!, originally titled The Brightness of Heaven, is a full-length play written by Laura Pedersen.
The Painter is a 2011 play by the British writer Rebecca Lenkiewicz on the life and relationships of J. M. W. Turner.
Molière has received much criticism for The Misanthrope.
Fischbach had a copy of the play available and in looking through it, found another manuscript headed: Chimneys: A play in three acts by Agatha Christie.
The cast included Leonard Frey, Olivia Cole, and Rita Moreno.
The play is about the off-screen love affair between Carry On film stalwarts, Barbara Windsor and Sid James.
Fiddlers Three is a play written by Agatha Christie in 1972.
It was published in Shaw's 1901 collection Three Plays for Puritans together with Captain Brassbound's Conversion and Caesar and Cleopatra.
The play was also produced at the Northampton Repertory in England in March 1934 with Errol Flynn as Trump.
Bright Lucifer is an unproduced 1930's era semi-autobiographical horror play, and the first written by Orson Welles as a single author.
Appointment with Death is a 1945 play by crime writer Agatha Christie.
Kidd had collaborated with Hampton on When Did You Last See Your Mother?, which had also been staged at the Royal Court Theatre.
The Price is a 1968 play by Arthur Miller.
Fires in the Mirror: Crown Heights, Brooklyn and Other Identities is a one-person play by American playwright, author, actress, and professor Anna Deavere Smith.
Subsequent to its New York run, it played in Seattle and Boston and was well-reviewed by Curtain-Up.
Douglas Fairbanks played the leading role of Bud Haines.
Cronyn and Tandy recreated their roles for a July 25, 1955, telecast on the NBC anthology series Producers' Showcase.
This production featured Johnny Kostney, Brian Dare, Mike Ciriaco, Michael Rachlis, Sean Galuszka, David Pevsner, Jeff Olsen, A.J.
It has also been produced for the stage, including a major revival at the Orange Tree Theatre in London, directed by Sophie Boyce in May 2014.
It was included in Burns Mantle's The Best Plays of 1920-1921.
The work is populated by architect Louis Sullivan, friends Ayn Rand and Alexander Woollcott, son John Lloyd Wright, wives Catherine and Olgivanna, and paramour Mamah Cheney.
Before his wedding, he decides to visit his ex-girlfriends, all of whom he mistreated.
Iphigénie is a dramatic tragedy in five acts written in alexandrine verse by the French playwright Jean Racine.
It was staged as Fragment for Theater I at the Magic Theater, San Francisco in September 1986 by Stan Gontarski with Robert Wagner and Tom Luce.
A film adaptation was released in 1961.
It is important in lesbian theater history as the first mainstream literary piece of its kind.
Kanjinchō is a Japanese kabuki play by Namiki Gohei III, based on the Noh play Ataka.
A Steady Rain is a play by Keith Huff.
O'Flaherty V.C., A Recruiting Pamphlet is a comic one-act play written during World War I by George Bernard Shaw.
The show first opened in September 2006.
It was originally written as a piece to accompany Waiting for Lefty.
Ruth Gordon, the main character, is a religious young woman who dies and is revived by her scientist fiancé as a soulless femme fatale.
It is based on the stories "Enoch Soames" and "A.V.
On the Beach, which takes its name from the 1974 song by Neil Young, mainly involves Will's relationship with his father Robin.
Mazel-tov, is a one-act Yiddish-language play by Sholem Aleichem.
In Casina, all three of these are seen.
Politian is the only play known to have been written by Edgar Allan Poe, composed in 1835, but never completed.
Set in a West Indian restaurant, Elmina's Kitchen tells a tale of family, drugs and crime on Hackney's Murder Mile.
London Calling is a comedy play in three acts, written by Geoffrey Kerr, produced by John Golden, and directed by Dan Jarratt.
Others consider it part of a quintet that includes Fool for Love and A Lie of the Mind.
The play's title is derived from Kristallnacht, which is also known as the Night of Broken Glass.
After three previews it premiered on Broadway November 6, 1899, at the Garrick Theatre in New York City.
Costume design was by Theoni V. Aldredge and lighting design was by Jules Fisher.
It is thought to have influenced William Shakespeare's Henry IV, Part 1.
After a Sydney premiere in 2005, the show has played on the West End in London and a Broadway production opened in 2012.
It was performed in 414 BC at the City Dionysia where it won second prize.
It then went to Off-Off-Broadway on March 6, 1990 at the Intar Theatre.
For the nickname for Irish economic growth, see "Celtic Tiger"
A film adaptation was released in 1990, directed by Jim Sheridan with Richard Harris in the lead role.
Some critics consider this one of Beckett's most "perfect" plays: Beckett agonized over each individual line until they exactly matched his creative vision.
Martin is a play by Alasdair Gray, recorded on 6 January 1972 and broadcast as the last episode of the BBC TV series The Group.
Hans is a knight-errant who has been sent off on a quest by his betrothed.
It premiered on October 19, 1965 on stages in fourteen West and East German cities and at the Royal Shakespeare Company in London.
Meredith, Margo, and Ciannelli were joined by John Carradine, Stanley Ridges, and Mischa Auer in the 1936 film adaptation, directed by Alfred Santell.
The Real Inspector Hound is a short, one-act play by Tom Stoppard.
is a play that examines the potential sexuality of William Shakespeare and the identity of "W.H."
A further revival with a substantially different cast played at the Royal Shakespeare Theatre in Stratford and toured to Los Angeles and Broadway in 1985.
Falstaff's Wedding is a play by William Kenrick.
The controversy over their marriage and Duryea's death by suicide in 1912.
This production was directed by Louis Jouvet.
The play's ending depends on the verdict.
In basketball, a personal foul is a breach of the rules that concerns illegal personal contact with an opponent.
Picasso at the Lapin Agile is a full-length play written by American actor, comedian, writer, producer, and musician Steve Martin in 1993.
Maitland drinks heavily, and enjoys bullying and insulting everyone he comes into contact with.
It premiered in a 2000 production by the Stratford Festival.
Déjàvu is a stage play by John Osborne.
The cast included Stacy Keach, Manu Tupou, Tom Aldredge, Kevin Conway, Charles Durning, Raul Julia, and Sam Waterston.
Tessa is a play written in 1934 by French dramatist Jean Giraudoux.
The portrayals of the Okinawa characters in the play were seen as offensive and the generational humor began to lose its impact in the 1970s.
Sound effects such as cockpit alarms, aircraft interior ambiances and mechanical sounds are included.
Like most full-length five-act kabuki plays, Sugawara Denju Tenarai Kagami is very rarely performed in full.
Strawhead is a play by American writers Norman Mailer and Richard Hannum about Hollywood icon Marilyn Monroe.
It is occasionally shown on Zee Talkies during the Tisri Ghanta programme.
The actress who plays Melba must be able to sing a few arias and parlour songs.
The title itself contains a lewd pun.
Laider is a palmist who foretells the death of four people riding on a train - or does he?
As of today, the play has garnered several honors, accolades, and awards.
In 1915-1916, the play was published in various newspapers, in Baku.
Upon her release, she sets up a gang that engages in shady activities that are just "within the law".
The play was produced by and originally performed at Ranga Shankara, Bangalore which was built in honour of Nag's late husband Shankar Nag.
It was first published in The Long Christmas Dinner and Other Plays in One Act.
In the auditorium, Moreno and Nuti, still furious, catch sight of each other and likewise embrace.
Horse Eats Hat is a 1936 farce play co-written and directed by the 21-year-old Orson Welles, and presented under the auspices of the Federal Theatre Project.
It was announced as an Xbox One exclusive during Microsoft's E3 2013 press conference on June 10, 2013.
It debuted at the Festival dei Due Mondi in Spoleto, Italy, in July 1962.
The central story is that of noble but impoverished young Brahmin, Chārudatta, who falls in love with a wealthy courtesan or nagarvadhu, Vasantasenā.
Cheating Cheaters is a 1916 play written by Max Marcin.
Forsaken House is a play written by Wilfrido Maria Guerrero, published in his 13 Plays.
[1] When the play was first performed, there was only a trickle of historical research or even awareness about the Nazi persecution of homosexuals.
Pseudolus is a play by the ancient Roman playwright Titus Maccius Plautus.
Strindberg wrote: "Hedda Gabler is a bastard of Laura in The Father and Tekla in Creditors".
Love from a Stranger is a 1936 play based on Philomel Cottage, a 1924 short story by British mystery writer Agatha Christie.
Mojo is a 1995 play written by English playwright Jez Butterworth that premiered at the Royal Court Theatre in London, directed by Ian Rickson.
Six Characters in Search of an Author is an Italian play by Luigi Pirandello, written and first performed in 1921.
In the second, the two Ministers are in conflict about whether to order mass evacuations, and are receiving conflicting advice from Will and Colin Jenks.
Orphans is a 2009 play by London playwright Dennis Kelly, an exploration of violence in urban areas.
The Octette Bridge Club is a play by P.J.
It was first produced at the Latchmere Theatre in London in 2003, before being transferred to Battersea Arts Centre the next year.
The play was adapted in 1948 as a film of the same name.
Louder, Please is a play by Norman Krasna, the first of Krasna's plays to be produced on Broadway.
The play was published by Dramatic Publishing Company in 1995.
The creative team included: director William Gaskill and lighting by Eric Baker.
L'Amour médecin is a French comedy written by Molière.
Also important is Shaffer's examination of the conflict between personal values and satisfaction and societal mores, expectations and institutions.
It ran on Broadway for a total of 318 performances, opening at the National Theatre on November 11, 1953.
It also briefly ran in the United States in 1985.
Tyrone Power starred in the London company.
It was adapted into two films of the same name Enter Madame and the 1935 remake Enter Madame starring Cary Grant.
The play was dedicated to Hall to celebrate his 40th birthday.
Original music was composed for the play by Jean-Baptiste Lully.
London Assurance is a six-act comedy by Dion Boucicault.
The Mormon Miracle Pageant is a Latter-day Saint Pageant held in Manti, Utah.
It toured extensively throughout Australia between 1948–1949 and was threatened with closure by the New South Wales Chief Secretary's Office for obscenity.
The island of Sicily is the setting and is mentioned often.
The plays are notable in that two men play the entire cast of over twenty eccentric characters of multiple genders and various ages.
Beauty's Duty is a short uncompleted "playlet" by George Bernard Shaw.
It premiered in London in 1998 at the National Theatre, running for more than 300 performances, starring David Burke, Sara Kestelman, and Matthew Marsh.
He therefore deliberately advertised the play as Agatha Christie's "Murder at the Vicarage" rather than "Murder at the Vicarage" by Agatha Christie.
Ustinov was nominated for Tony Awards for Best Play and Best Actor in Play.
It received its first public reading in an early version at the Finborough Theatre, London, in 1995.
A number of phrases from the play became proverbs in French, and the phrase "Let us return to our muttons" even became a common English calque.
In the original performances Will was played by Geoffrey Streatfeild and Sarika by Stephanie Street.
Sanan, being a true believer Muslim and a notable scientist, dissuades from Islam and rejects its basis, blames all religions for separation of people.
In the original production, each of the actors took on multiple roles, save the two playing Edmond and his wife.
The play was first performed at the Martin Beck Theatre on Broadway on January 22, 1953, starring E. G. Marshall, Beatrice Straight and Madeleine Sherwood.
I'll Eat You Last: A Chat with Sue Mengers is a 2013 American one-act play by John Logan, about the talent agent Sue Mengers.
It stars Tyler Perry as Madea, Quan Howell as Reverend Lewis, Sonya Evans as Lisa, D'atra Hicks as Jackie and Tamela Mann as Cora.
Trumpets and Drums is an adaptation of an 18th-century English Restoration comedy by Farquhar, The Recruiting Officer.
Numerology heavily influenced the development of Greek mathematics, stimulating the investigation of many problems in number theory which are still of interest today.
Don is now a retired school teacher.
Shakespeare's Villains is a one-man play, created and performed by Steven Berkoff.
Its premières in London and New York were both directed by Sir Peter Hall and starred Pinter's first wife, Vivien Merchant, as Ruth.
Vera; or, The Nihilists is a play by Oscar Wilde.
It encompasses themes of race, suicide, homosexuality, and also focuses on individual characters learning to cope with life.
It premiered 18 June 1917 in Milan.
The Marriage-Go-Round is a 1958 play written by Leslie Stevens.
The play varies between "121 and 127 words" in length, depending on the translation, and as such is rarely performed on its own.
The play was adapted into a 1961 film with the same title.
In the same year it was represented at Frankfurt-on-the-Oder, and was very well received.
The Anarchist is a two-person 2012 play by David Mamet that opened in New York on Broadway and starred Patti LuPone and Debra Winger.
Getting Married is a play by George Bernard Shaw.
Topal Teymur – is a play, historic drama in five acts written by Huseyn Javid, Azerbaijani poet and playwright, in 1925.
They also star in a 2002 film adaptation, for which Weaver was nominated for a Golden Satellite Award for best performance by an actress.
Director Memet Ali Alabora described Pinima as "a sugar-coated democracy where everything is decided by the President.
It was a success at the box office, running for 15 weeks with 120 performances on Broadway, then moving to touring companies.
Dickens' Women is a one person show written by Miriam Margolyes and Sonia Fraser and starring Margolyes.
Barricade is Bengali drama written and directed by Utpal Dutt.
Wings Over Europe was a 1928 Broadway three-act play written by Robert Nichols and Maurice Browne, produced by the Theatre Guild and directed by Rouben Mamoulian.
The Lyons is a play by Nicky Silver.
In passages that are almost unrelated asides, they have Max as drama critic quoting himself on plays, players and playgoers.
The play is a co-production between the National Theatre of Scotland and Live Theatre.
The supporting cast included Robby Benson, Lee Remick, Colleen Dewhurst, John Marley, and Kim Cattrall.
It was presented for the first time by order of King Louis XIV at Versailles on September 22, 1665.
Poverty is No Vice is a play by Alexander Ostrovsky, written in 1853 and published as a separate edition in the early 1854.
The story pitted Sherlock Holmes, the famous fictional detective created by Arthur Conan Doyle, against A. J. Raffles, a fictional criminal created by E. W. Hornung.
It was a finalist for the Pulitzer and Susan Smith Blackburn Prizes.
A Raisin in the Sun is a play by Lorraine Hansberry that debuted on Broadway in 1959.
The play premiered Off-Broadway in 2004 and won the 2005 Outer Critics Circle Award for Outstanding Off-Broadway Play.
The caretaker talks as the gentleman, the "new tenant" of the title, directs the two movers who continuously bring in furniture.
The Last Confession is a stage play by Roger Crane about the election and death of Pope John Paul I.
The play was subsequently remounted on Broadway twice, in 1972 with Maureen Stapleton and Jason Robards, and in 2008, with Frances McDormand and Morgan Freeman.
The murder was denounced as a hate crime and brought attention to the lack of hate crime laws in various states, including Wyoming.
Aulularia is a Latin play by the early Roman playwright Titus Maccius Plautus.
awkwardly mixed Beerbohm in as a character among his own creations.
The music was composed and played by the North Carolina bluegrass group the Red Clay Ramblers.
A Feast in Time of Plague is an 1830 play by Aleksandr Pushkin.
As a book it was published in 1917, by a publishing house of “Achig Soz” newspaper.
It was the inaugural production of the Group Theatre.
The play was produced on both the West End and Broadway.
It only had a short run on Broadway in 1964 despite being directed by Chayefsky himself and featuring a cast including Luther Adler and Peter Falk.
The Time Is Not Yet Ripe is a 1912 Australian play by Louis Esson.
Dad & Manager of cafe: Matthew Scurfield
The main issues the play addresses are violence, specifically domestic violence, and the abuse of power and authority.
The plot centers on the suitors of two sisters, each of whom is a ward of each of the two men.
The play focuses on three generations of the Holmes family in Stockport, England, examining the persistent dreams and struggles facing each generation.
Ann Conroy, married to a man who drinks too much, is a no-nonsense schoolteacher who hosts the bridge nights.
Arsenic and Old Lace is a play by the American playwright Joseph Kesselring, written in 1939.
The female character of the play is an amalgam of two women who were both patients at the rehab center that cared for his father.
Both were co-written by Sidney Howard and Paul de Kruif.
The play was dramatized by William W. Young and produced by Marc Klaw and A. L. Erlanger.
The performance was a highly spectacular affair organised by staff and students of Oxford University.
Krasna and Marx were good friends and Krasna says writing it took 10-15 years.
The play proved to be very controversial upon its release due to the portrayal of Jesus as a woman.
Since 2001, The Guys has been presented in 48 US states and in the Czech Republic, Argentina, Japan, Italy and Poland.
Mercator, or The Merchant, is a Latin comedic play for the early Roman theatre by Titus Maccius Plautus.
Arias with a Twist is a collaborative play created by drag queen Joey Arias and puppeteer Basil Twist.
It was included in Burns Mantle's The Best Plays of 1933-1934.
The original production opened at London's Wyndham's Theatre on 18 October 2005 and closed on 14 January 2006.
It is widely considered to be one of the greatest plays of the 20th century.
Chekhov, however, responded with a four-act drama, which he wrote in ten days.
The play debuted at the National Theatre.
In his preface to the play, Beaumarchais says that Louis François, Prince of Conti had requested it.
The play ran on Broadway in 2001 and was revived Off-Broadway in 2007.
Collected Stories is a play by Donald Margulies which premiered at South Coast Repertory in 1996, and was presented on Broadway in 2010.
The work was not published until 1567, eleven years after its author's death.
Intruder concerns man's conflict with preternatural forces, against which he is powerless.
The world premiere was staged by the Manhattan Theatre Club in New York City.
It ran for 13 performances from March 9, 1936 closing that month at the 48th Street Theatre.
Williamson described the reading as "electric... Cate is a spellbinding actor.
In contrast, Frederick McDowell wrote that Shaw had created "a symbolic fable" to expound his own "deeply felt ideas".
The show began its long national tour at the end of August 1921 and continued on for some time after Bacon’s death in November 1922.
Though Susanna's father is regularly mentioned, his name is never specified and he never appears.
For the television episode of this title, see Climax!.
The world premiere took place there on September 21, 2013.
The tagline of the movie, From Real Blur to Real Men.
Dutchman was first presented at the Cherry Lane Theatre in Greenwich Village, New York City, on March 1964.
The Woolgatherer is a play by William Mastrosimone.
'Art' is a French-language play by Yasmina Reza that premiered on 28 October 1994 at Comédie des Champs-Élysées in Paris.
The trilogy has also been performed in Russia; it opened at Moscow's Russian Academic Youth Theatre in October 2007, directed by Alexey Borodin.
It was performed on Broadway in 1903 and adapted for TV in 1965.
Foote received the 1995 Pulitzer Prize for Drama.
A screen adaptation of the play was released in 1996 by Channel 4 Films, with a revised screenplay also by Harvey.
It was first performed at the Half Moon Theatre in London on 11 February 1980, in a production directed by the author.
The play's appearance on Broadway was suppressed when New York City officials threatened not to renew the operating license of the theater.
It was produced by the Playwrights' Company, staged by Guthrie McClintic with scenic design created by Jo Mielziner.
In his review for The New York Times, Brooks Atkinson said the play was "old hat" produced by "routine playwrighting".
Soul musician Ryan Shaw got his start performing in this play in 1998.
The Tooth of Crime is a musical play written by Sam Shepard which made its premiere in London's Open Space Theatre on July 17, 1972.
At the start of the production, tickets did not sell out and the type of production was merely an experiment.
Party leaders such as Ted Heath, Harold Wilson, James Callaghan, Jeremy Thorpe and Margaret Thatcher remain offstage characters.
Tolstoy created the first, incomplete draft of the play in 1886, along with The Power of Darkness.
It was written in Swedish during August and September 1888 in Denmark.
Neighbourhood Watch is a 2011 play by Alan Ayckbourn.
In the English-speaking world, La Dame aux Camélias became known as Camille and 16 versions have been performed at Broadway theatres alone.
Professor Mamlock is a theater play written by Friedrich Wolf in 1933.
The two most famous English translations are those by Brian Hooker and Anthony Burgess.
Saturday Night at the Palace is a play by South Africa's Paul Slabolepszy.
At the end of scene eleven Eve states that Adam broke the jug and Adam escapes in the confusion.
Its world première occurred on 8 October 1972 at the Space Theatre, Cape Town, South Africa.
It premiered in Toronto, Ontario in January, 2001, and has since toured worldwide, with over 1,000 performances in 119 cities as of March 2007.
The world premiere was at the National Theatre's Cottesloe on 3 February 2010, following previews from 27 January 2010.
Frankie and Johnny is a 1928 debut play written by Jack Kirkland.
The play was not a success and folded after only one week.
Jeb was a play by Robert Ardrey that opened on Broadway in February 1946 tackling the issue of race in post-World War II America.
A Final Night with George W Bush is a comedic Broadway play starring Will Ferrell as George W. Bush.
He secured the right to adapt the story for the stage in the United States and the United Kingdom, and asked Sullivan to write the adaptation.
The story concerns an eccentric woman who lives in Paris and her struggles against the straitlaced authority figures in her life.
The play opened on Broadway in 2014.
In 1944 it was collected in the volume The Best One-Act Plays of 1943.
The play does not go into the historic details, but rather presents a fictionalized account of the American debate over whether to spare or hang him.
Adapted and written by Norman Hudis as a one-man play, it is to be presented by West End producer Marc Sinden.
The play is set in September, 1949 in a summer home in a resort on the Gulf of Mexico, about 100 miles from New Orleans.
Stupid Kids is a play by John C. Russell, first published by Dramatists Play Service, Inc. of New York, and first performed in 1991.
Thom Pain is a 2004 one man show written by Will Eno.
Jitney is a play by August Wilson.
The Liar, along with the fifteen other comedies, was staged in the 1750-51 season at the Teatro San Angelo in Venice.
The play starred Ian McKellen in its original 1979 West End production, and Richard Gere in its original 1980 Broadway production.
It was to be the second Broadway production of the playwright's work, but it closed in previews on March 14, 1993.
Don Carlos is a tragedy in five acts by Friedrich Schiller; it was written between 1783 and 1787 and first produced in Hamburg in 1787.
Blackbird is a play written in 2005 by Scottish playwright David Harrower.
Getting Away with Murder is a play written by Stephen Sondheim and George Furth, which ran for 17 performances on Broadway in 1996.
Set in a courtroom during a murder trial, an unusual feature of the play is that members of the audience are chosen to play the jury.
Winston's first full-length effort, Turn Left at Gilgamesh centers around 3 characters whose every effort to be understood furthers their sense of alienation.
This play is the original source of an influential invocation to the Devil.
It marked Hayes' return to the stage three years after her lengthy run in Victoria Regina.
The play won multiple awards, including the 2005 Laurence Olivier Award for Best New Play and the 2006 Tony Award for Best Play.
Sangeet Sharada is an 1899 Marathi Sangeet Natak, written and directed by playwright Govind Ballal Deval.
It won the 1979 Pulitzer Prize for Drama and launched Shepard to national fame as a playwright.
Under the ruling, Vicki Quade is not permitted to produce Late Nite Catechism or her sequels outside of her Chicago territory - a 50-mile radius.
Stalking the Bogeyman is an American play by Markus Potter and David Holthouse with additional writing by Shane Zeigler, Shane Stokes & Santino Fontana.
In I'll Be Home for Christmas, Chuck and Edith realize how empty their marriage has become as they await the arrival of their adult children.
Dark Road is a 2013 play written by Ian Rankin and Mark Thomson.
Saved is a play by Edward Bond which premiered at the Royal Court Theatre, London in November 1965.
Producer A. H. Woods staged it on Broadway in 1919.
One of Marivaux's last pieces, La Dispute was received as a huge failure.
Producer Al Woods took it to Broadway during the 1935–36 season and re-titled it Night of January 16th.
Chekhov left the audience and spent the last two acts behind the scenes.
It Could Be Any One Of Us is a 1983 play by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn.
It tells the story of Alidor who wants to break off his engagement with Angélique by giving her over to his best friend Cléandre.
The central image is common to many Ionesco plays: something accumulates on stage and overwhelms the characters.
In 1952 the play was adapted as a film Home at Seven directed by and starring Ralph Richardson.
Tim Robbins and Susan Sarandon presented it at the Edinburgh Festival.
The production starred Marva King, Tamela Mann and Tyler Perry.
It opened at the Ethel Barrymore Theatre on December 14, 1960  and ran for 189 performances, closing on May 27, 1961.
They are both set in the United Kingdom in the near future.
It made its Broadway debut on February 6, 2014 and closed on March 2, 2014.
Shear Madness is one of the longest-running nonmusical plays in the world.
However, she did act the part in 1940, in a pre-London production tour in the provinces.
The play opened on Broadway in October 1953.
Despite pedestrian reviews by many critics, strong audience reaction resulted in a transfer to London's West End.
He set out to construct a fictional account of what might have caused the incident, without knowing any of the details of the crime.
Old Wicked Songs is a two character play written by Jon Marans which received a nomination for the 1996 Pulitzer Prize in Drama.
The mystery over the authorship helped to publicise it.
Donkeys' Years is a play by English playwright Michael Frayn that premiered at the Globe Theatre, London, in 1976.
The drama is written in blank verse, interspersed with lyrics; Druids, poets, and a harper are introduced, and it ends with a masque and chorus.
The play is set in Vermont, as are two of Baker's other plays, Body Awareness and Circle Mirror Transformation.
The stage was bare, the actors appeared in contemporary street clothes, and the props were minimal.
This is illustrated through the two characters who appear to be talking to one another though neither seems to hear the other.
Due to the high cost of repertory production, in 1947 New York's American Repertory Theatre revived Yellow Jack for a four-week run at the International Theatre.
The stage premiere of She Has a Name was directed by Stephen Waldschmidt in Calgary, Alberta in February 2011.
It is a comedy with a very linear plot.
It was repeatedly published in 1926, 1958 and 1968.
The play may be an adaptation of a Spanish original, though no specific source has been identified.
Sunrise is a 1936 Chinese-language play by Cao Yu.
Ubu Roi was followed by Ubu Cocu and Ubu Enchaîné, neither of which was performed during Jarry's 34-year life.
The story revolves around a nun, Sister Jamison Connelly, who deals with her sordid past and the people around her with her acerbic wit and wisdom.
Wallace Eddinger and Margaret Lawrence played the lead roles.
Things You Shouldn't Say Past Midnight is a 2000 American play written by Peter Ackerman.
Strange Interlude is an experimental play in nine acts by American playwright Eugene O'Neill.
Howarth has an almost unnatural enthusiasm, while his student, Donald, is painfully shy.
Pill Hill debuted at the 1990 Yale Repertory Theatre Winterfest series of plays in progress, and was subsequently performed in several venues across the United States.
The Misunderstood Civilization is a five-acts satirical play written by the Bulgarian playwright Dobri Voynikov published in 1871.
Though it happens off-stage and seems to have been brought about by Odysseus.
Donovan further owes Quade a royalty payment based on revenues earned by Donovan’s Late Nite Catechism sequels.
The play was included in Burns Mantle's The Best Plays of 1933-1934.
The play opened on Broadway in 1939.
For the 1984 Broadway engagement, McKellen received the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding One-Person Show and a Tony Award nomination.
She is utterly devoted to her work and struggles with relationships.
The play debuted at the Players Theatre in Greenwich Village on October 25, 2007, during the theater's Shortened Attention Span Horror Festival.
The play was first published by Samuel French in January 1951.
Rhesus takes place during the Trojan War, on the night when Odysseus and Diomedes sneak into the Trojan camp.
In 1993, six of the eight major variations were made into the two films Smoking/No Smoking directed by Alain Resnais.
Both Your Houses is a 1933 play written by American playwright Maxwell Anderson.
The play came about in part because of the tremendous success Dampier had with his production of The Miner's Right.
Redundant by Leo Butler premiered at the Royal Court Theatre in 2001 starring Lyndsey Marshal and directed by Dominic Cooke.
The play is a complex, often metaphorical, and at times symbolic examination of AIDS and homosexuality in America in the 1980s.
The barrel knot, called blood knot by Keith Rollo, is the best bend there is for small, stiff or slippery line.
Five Women Wearing the Same Dress is a play written in 1993 by Alan Ball.
The rest of the original cast appeared in the PBS production.
It was revived the following year at the Truck and Warehouse Theatre with Pink Flamingos star Divine as the matron.
It opened on Broadway at the Coronet Theatre in New York City on January 29, 1947, closed on November 8, 1949 and ran for 328 performances.
A few minutes into the show there is a short circuit, and the stage is illuminated to reveal the characters in a "blackout."
The Philanderer is a play by George Bernard Shaw.
As a result of being branded an "immoral" work in the press, the Christiania Theatre would not dare to stage it at first.
Helen returns after leaving her lover and the future of Jo's new home is put into question.
In 1983, Slade adapted his play for a feature film directed by Arthur Hiller.
Sherlock Holmes is a four-act play by William Gillette and Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, based on Conan Doyle's character Sherlock Holmes.
Several film versions have also been made.
The play has been adapted into an opera by Francis Poulenc.
The Last Enemy is a 1929 play by actor-writer Frank Harvey.
Diderot followed this play with a treatise on theatre entitled Discours sur la poésie dramatique.
O'Neill posthumously received the 1957 Pulitzer Prize for Drama for Long Day's Journey into Night.
It opened at the Martin Beck Theatre on October 17, 1939 and closed on January 13, 1940 after running for 105 performances.
As the play goes on they are involved in a variety of productions, and gradually their relationship begins to change.
It ran for 147 performances from November 3, 1930, to March 1931 at the Guild Theatre.
It premiered at the Cort Theatre in 1955.
Juggler's Three is an Australian play by David Williamson.
Lengham said The Watering Place is one of the most significant plays about America he has "ever read"
In effect, the text features interviews with the actors, discussion about the possibilities of staging, and lines from a play that is to be performed.
The main plot was based upon a Greek play, however the story line was changed in order to prevent a brother from marrying his half-sister.
Happiness is Just a Little Thing Called a Rolls Royce is an American play.
The police didn't need to be there.
Sugar Daddies is a 2003 play by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn.
Last Summer at Bluefish Cove is a play by Jane Chambers.
Shibaraku is a play in the Kabuki repertoire, and one of the celebrated Kabuki Jūhachiban.
The play was brought to the London stage by Cuckoo Productions, formed by Diane Hilton, Karin Parnaby, and Judy Kershaw.
In 2009, Vazov's play was filmed in the series "Outcasts".
Ghost from a Perfect Place is a two act play by Philip Ridley.
The play transferred to the Tricycle Theatre for a four-week run in 2009.
The play was published in 1924, for the first time.
Every character except the last is dishonest in some way, which is exploited to great effect.
However he has already shown no desire to have children, so there is no evidence that he would have changed his mind at the festival.
Misalliance is a play written in 1909–1910 by George Bernard Shaw.
It premièred at The Churchill Theatre, Bromley, London, England, in 1994, followed by a successful two-year run in the West End.
First produced at Messina's Teatro Vittorio Emmanuele on 7 August 1997, an English production occurred at the National Theatre Youth project in Summer 1999.
The Marriage of Figaro) is a comedy in five acts, written in 1778 by Pierre Beaumarchais.
A Marriage Proposal is a one-act farce by Anton Chekhov, written in 1888-1889 and first performed in 1890.
Another Country is a play written by the English playwright Julian Mitchell.
Castro's play in turn is based on the legend of El Cid.
is a children's book written and illustrated by Theodor Seuss Geisel under the pen name Dr. Seuss and was published in 1954 by Random House.
George, who is opposed to the change, strikes up a conversation with Jill, a considerably younger fellow shopper who shares his view.
Receiving significant critical acclaim, the play ran for 222 performances before closing on April 1, 1906.
Short Eyes is a 1974 drama written by playwright Miguel Piñero.
The show coincided with a major split in the avant-garde movement, which, in 1924, led Tzara's rivals to establish Surrealism.
Body Awareness is a one-act play by Annie Baker.
End of the Rainbow is a musical drama by Peter Quilter, which focuses on Judy Garland in the months leading up to her death in 1969.
In 1981, the West End production ran originally at the Mermaid Theatre, then at the Albery Theatre, garnering three Olivier Awards.
It won the 2003 Tony Award for Best Play.
The Wood Demon is a comedic play in four acts written by Russian author Anton Chekhov.
The tour included the Edinburgh Festival and the Théâtre de Silvia Monfort, Paris.
It opened at the Empire Theatre in New York City on November 28, 1951 and ran for 214 performances before closing on July 12, 1952.
The wife is more idiosyncratic in her thinking.
After a total of 601 performances on Broadway, the production toured the United States and ran for six months in London.
It is in two acts with one set and five characters.
The first truly professional performance was staged in Saint Peterburg's Alexandrinsky Theater in September 1891.
The title is a reference to Jacques Loussier's jazz trio Play Bach.
Directed by Adrian Shergold, the choreography was by Charles Augins and Jim Rodford of The Kinks played bass with the theatres 'house band'.
Constellations is a two-hander play by the English playwright Nick Payne.
The physician really does come, with a herald to announce the imminent arrival of the king; Amal, however, dies as Sudha comes to bring him flowers.
Biryani Aur Haleem is a slapstick comedy play written by Team Sutradhar, directed by Deepti Girotra and Mohit Jaiswal.
Terminus is a monologue play by Mark O'Rowe.
The show was directed by Bob Chetwyn and the first cast featured Donald Sinden, Barbara Ferris, Jon Pertwee and Clive Francis.
The one-man play premiered Off-Broadway in 2003 at Playwrights Horizons.
The Sticking Place theatre company revived the play at the Union Theatre in Southwark in London, in a production that opened on 16 October 2007.
John B. Keane based the story on the 1959 murder of Moss Moore, a bachelor farmer living in Reamore, County Kerry.
It uses several interrelated stories to explore the subject of memory.
A year later a new production succeeded and the play became a classic.
The Rear Column is a play by Simon Gray set in the jungle of the Congo Free State in 1887-88.
The play deals with a disabled black veteran who returns to his home in the rural South after serving overseas.
Come, Tell Me How You Live is a short book of autobiography and travel literature by crime writer Agatha Christie.
Many scholars believe that Eriphyle is just an alternate title for Epigoni, in which case these seven fragments would apply to Epigoni.
The play is set in the working class English town of Bolton, and examines a story of marital difficulties within an immigrant Indian family.
After this revision, it was accepted to be performed in St. Petersburg in 1889.
In 1982, filmmaker Robert Altman directed both a Broadway version at the Martin Beck Theater and a film adaptation of the same name.
The Monkey Jar is a 2008 play written by California playwright Richard Martin Hirsch.
Deathtrap is a play written by Ira Levin in 1978 with many plot twists and which references itself as a play within a play.
During the tour Andrew was played by Laurence Payne and John Hart Dyke and Marion was portrayed by Katy Manning and Anne Aston.
The two full-length plays are On the Beach and Resilience.
It was premiered in Saint Petersburg's Alexandrinsky Theatre on November 1, 1871, as a benefit for actor Fyodor Burdin.
There are beliefs that they play is meant to symbolize the sexist and unjust treatment of women throughout history.
An action plan is a detailed plan outlining actions needed to reach one or more goals.
The play revolves around their five-year relationship and how they make it work despite their differences.
Macmillan's younger self remains with him, providing mocking commentary.
The Iranian director and playwright Homayoun Ghanizadeh adapted the play in 2016 and staged the new production, Mississippi Dies Seated, at the Vahdat Hall in Tehran.
The prize for best explanation is Turandot.
The Seven Year Itch is a 1952 three-act play written by George Axelrod starring Tom Ewell and Vanessa Brown.
It premiered on ABC radio on 6 June 1941 to great acclaim.
It concerns the early history of the vibrator, when doctors used it as a clinical device to bring women to orgasm as treatment for "hysteria."
In this play, Marivaux focuses on what happens to love when the main virtue in which the characters pride themselves is absolute sincerity.
First there is the god as he is described by the chorus, which is the god of wine and uninhibited joy and instinct.
Gentile Chris is interested in dating Jewish women because he feels that they will make his life easier by making all of life's decisions for him.
The truth however, is that Robert has known about the affair for the past four years.
The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe is an American dramatization of The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe by C.S.
However, between the acts only twenty-five years pass for the characters.
The play was not immediately a success upon release despite getting positive reviews, perhaps due to the start of World War I.
Written as part of the 50th Anniversary Celebrations of ITV's long-running soap opera Coronation Street, the play will tour the UK in 2011.
Frederick Davies describes it as Goldoni's Much Ado About Nothing.
It opened on Broadway in February 1951, and the film adaptation was released in 1955.
Captain Brassbound's Conversion is a play by G. Bernard Shaw.
The play was performed at the Richmond Theatre in Richmond, Virginia on the night of the fire of December 26, 1811.
Then, Jorgensen's entire interview is lip synched by the two actors.
Since managers are making decisions only for their own organization, there is no need for the information to be comparable to similar information from other organizations.
She appeared in a televised PBS production and extensively toured the country with the play for a number of years.
Les liaisons dangereuses is a play by Christopher Hampton adapted from the 1782 novel of the same title by Pierre Choderlos de Laclos.
Patrick Barlow rewrote this adaptation in 2005.
It ran Off-Broadway from January 14-March 18, 1979, at the York Theatre at St. Peter's.
The play was completed in December 1928 and first performed in Warsaw the following June.
It was his first major work, written in 1849 and published in the No.6 1850 Moskvityanin issue.
Stanley is a 1996 play written by English playwright, Pam Gems.
Money and Friends is a 1991 Australian play written by David Williamson.
It has only two characters, hence the subtitle "a comedietta for two voices".
British revivals of the play have included one at the Salisbury Playhouse in 2001 and at the Lyric Theatre, London in 2003.
It was the last original play by Odets produced in his lifetime.
The doctor is an omnipresent figure in the asylum, checking in on the women.
Electra or Elektra is a Greek tragedy by Sophocles.
Arcadia is a 1993 play by Tom Stoppard concerning the relationship between past and present, order and disorder, certainty and uncertainty.
The actors being David Garrick, Frances' husband Thomas Sheridan, William O'Brien, Charles Holland, Mrs. Hannah Pritchard, Mary Ann Yates, and Jane Pope.
Ferrell, who depicted Bush on Saturday Night Live, also wrote the play, which is directed by his long-time comedy partner Adam McKay.
That Championship Season is a 1972 play by Jason Miller.
The play premiered Off-Broadway at the 45 Bleecker Street Theater on February 19, 2004 and closed on August 15, 2004.
A film adaptation, directed by John Landis, presently is in pre-production [1].
Holiday is a 1928 play by Philip Barry which was twice adapted to film.
It was afterwards translated and acted in France, where it also met with success.
Producer A. H. Woods staged it on Broadway, where it opened at the Republic Theatre on August 1, 1921.
It had six acts with incidental music written by American composer Edgar Stillman Kelley.
It premiered in the Maly Theatre in Moscow, on 21 January 1863, as a benefit for director Alexander Bogdanov.
Theater historian Ward Morehouse called it "one of the worst plays ever written".
The play calls for no prosthetic makeup on the actor portraying Merrick; the actor portrays Merrick's deformity through physicality, letting the audience imagine Merrick's appearance.
The show has been produced on six continents and more than eight countries.
You Can't Take It with You is a comedic play in three acts by George S. Kaufman and Moss Hart.
It revolves around the persecution of gays in Nazi Germany, and takes place during and after the Night of the Long Knives.
Romantic Comedy is a play by Bernard Slade, author of Same Time, Next Year.
The Colleen Bawn, or The Brides of Garryowen is a melodramatic play written by Irish playwright Dion Boucicault.
It is a depiction of the conflict between Thomas Becket and King Henry II of England leading to Becket's assassination in 1170.
After an unsuccessful run in Chicago, it became a huge hit on Broadway in 1912–1913, running for 541 performances.
The play has over three hundred actors and live music, and is performed in twelve performances, staged every Sunday from March to May.
Mr. Burns, a Post-Electric Play is an American dark comedy play written by Anne Washburn.
Subsequently, the play has been produced in Tennessee, California, Indiana, Minnesota, Arizona, Washington, Massachusetts, Missouri, Wyoming, Georgia, South Carolina, Alaska, and the District of Columbia.
"Apparently Cate got annoyed at me, too.
Home is a play by David Storey.
The Last Night of Ballyhoo is a play by Alfred Uhry that premiered in 1996 in Atlanta.
The play is based on the life of Madhavrao Peshwa.
And an additional fragment notes that someone will no longer live in Argos.
It was first staged in New York in 1936 to great acclaim.
The story is based on Act 1 of John Wilson's play "The City of Plague".
Goldoni originally wrote the play at the request of actor Antonio Sacco, one of the great Truffaldinos in history.
Yellow Jack is a 1934 docudrama play produced by Guthrie McClintic and a 1938 Hollywood movie by the same name.
In the play, Théophile sells his soul to the Devil.
The drama is set into a revolution time or war time when people's army are fighting against the state army.
The play was awarded a Helen Hayes Award for Outstanding New Play.
The play is about a middle-aged older sister who returns to the family home where her younger sister still lives, shortly after their abusive father's death.
Many consider the Oresteia to be Aeschylus' finest work.
The Marriage was written as a sequel to The Barber.
Laugh to Keep from Crying is a play written and directed by American playwright Tyler Perry.
In 2006 the script for the play, which continues to be performed, was republished with updated spelling by the Lontar Foundation.
The play was performed by Greene Shoots Theatre at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival at C Venues in August 2010.
It was first performed in 1951 in a production directed by Marcel Cuvelier.
Berenice is a five-act tragedy by the French 17th-century playwright Jean Racine.
for colored girls... has been performed Off-Broadway and on Broadway, and adapted as a book, a television film, and a theatrical film.
The Death of Tintagiles is an 1894 play by Belgian playwright Maurice Maeterlinck.
The title has been translated as The Captives or The Prisoners, and the plot concerns slavery and prisoners of war.
Death and the Maiden is a 1990 play by Chilean playwright Ariel Dorfman.
The play tells the story of Porgy, a disabled black beggar who lives in the slums of Charleston, South Carolina.
Additional cast members include Graham Stuart Allen, Frank Blocker, Stephen Hope, John-Charles Kelly, Rita Rehn and Zach Wegner.
Lord Arthur's Bed is a play by English playwright Martin Lewton.
The play includes songs by Arthur Darvill, who has also collaborated with Walker on The Frontline and the 2009 musical Been So Long.
The subject is "Sylvia", a dog, the couple who adopts her, and the comedy that results.
Ludlow Fair is a one-act play by American playwright Lanford Wilson.
Bryan Cranston won the Tony Award for Best Actor in a Play for his performance.
The play closed in 1981 after eight previews and 916 regular performances.
However, on finishing his play, Wilson found the ending to stray from the empowered female character as well as from the question regarding self-worth.
Rebecca has abandoned not only Christianity but, unlike Rosmer, she has abandoned the whole ethical system of Christianity as well.
Atkinson again praised it as a "thoroughly absorbing drama" but found the performance could not compare with the 1933 production in "craft and tone".
It premiered on Broadway in 1944 at the Mansfield Theatre.
Piranha Heights is a one act play by Philip Ridley.
Santa Claus: A Morality is a play written by 20th-century poet E. E. Cummings in 1946.
Faustus is a two act play by David Mamet that had its world premiere in San Francisco's Magic Theatre in March 2004, directed by Mamet.
The play was written in 1961 by Vedam Venkataraya Sastry.
Cowl also starred in the play in a double role and co-directed it with Priestly Morrison.
The Little Dog Laughed is a 2006 comedy play by Douglas Carter Beane.
Edmund Wilson described it as Shaw's only "silly play", in which the action seems to purely whimsical.
Though the play is usually assumed to have been a tragedy, this is not certain, and it might instead have been a satyr play.
They produced it in association with radio station 2GB and production company Macquarie, who presented a radio version.
In 2013, the play toured New Zealand, with shows in Auckland, Christchurch, and the capital city Wellington.
"Eh, Eh" received gold certifications from Australia, Denmark, France, New Zealand and the United States.
Michael Holroyd has characterised the play as "a tragedy without villains" and also as Shaw's "only tragedy".
This is a comedy play about the current education system that takes a toll on students.
Amy's View was written by British playwright David Hare, and originally premiered in London at the Royal National Theatre's Lyttelton Theatre on 13 June 1997.
Epidicus is the name of the main character, who is a slave.
It was Maeterlinck's last play for marionettes.
Night Over Taos was a 1932 Broadway three-act drama written by Maxwell Anderson, produced by the Group Theatre and staged by Lee Strasberg.
The play originally opened Off-Off-Broadway in 1982.
Critic's Choice is a play written by Ira Levin.
As the debate is a long one, the curtain will be lowered twice.
It was extraordinarily popular in its day, and held an influence on popular theatre for over a century.
The play was nominated for three 2010 Tony Awards.
Wilson received the 1980 Pulitzer Prize for Drama for the work.
The epic comedy-drama is noted as among the most heterodox of classic American comedies — it broke nearly every established theatrical convention.
It is a sequel to Shakespeare's plays Henry IV, Part 2 and The Merry Wives of Windsor.
Arms and the Man is a humorous play that shows the futility of war and deals comedically with the hypocrisies of human nature.
Orvin - Champion Of Champions on official Ayckbourn site
As It Is In Heaven is a play by actor/director Arlene Hutton.
It served to popularize and romanticize the Pocahontas story as an important American myth.
Originally, the part of the Doctor was to be played by Jon Pertwee, but the role went instead to character actor Trevor Martin.
It premiered in 1974 at the American Place Theatre, and starred Randall Duk Kim, who had played the lead in Chin's earlier play, The Chickencoop Chinaman.
Le malade imaginaire would turn out to be Molière's last work.
The lecture was published as "Poetry and Drama" and later included in Eliot's 1957 collection On Poetry and Poets.
It was first performed, under Ayckbourn's direction, in Scarborough, North Yorkshire, UK, "in the round" at the Stephen Joseph Theatre, on 2 October 1981.
The monologue triggers the woman's crippling depression.
It dates to the Song Dynasty and is still performed in adapted forms in the Beijing Opera.
Nat Brandwynne and Orchestra played to original music by Gordon Jenkins.
It was set in a radio station.
The play was filmed by the French director Alain Resnais, as Aimer, boire et chanter.
The play consists of only one scene.
Never Too Late starred Paul Ford and Maureen O'Sullivan as Harry and Edith Lambert, a middle-aged couple about to become parents once again.
It is loosely based on the true story of Johann Christian Woyzeck, a Leipzig wigmaker who later became a soldier.
It was a seminal moment in Strindberg's career, allowing him to continue his studies and gaining him confidence and reputation as a writer.
Greek is a play by Steven Berkoff.
War Horse is a play based on the book of the same name by children's writer Michael Morpurgo, adapted for stage by Nick Stafford.
NY Theatre Guide ranked the 710 Main production as one of the top five shows of the week.
The play was also published in 2010.
Bob Ellis later accused David's wife of co-writing the play, an allegation Williamson passionately refuted.
It is the second play Maeterlinck wrote.
The National Health is a play by Peter Nichols.
The principal roles were played by Jean Poiret and Michel Serrault.
The plot narrative unfolds through the silent or subconscious thoughts of Ruth Carson, who is a by-stander to the main events taking place around her.
Some productions opt to use multiple actors.
A new, hardcover, facsimile edition of the play was issued in 2009.
It was inspired by the backroom dealings and antics of the Victorian Football League's Collingwood Football Club.
Lee Simonson created the scenic and costume design.
It was the first premiere of Brecht's final season at the Berliner Ensemble.
Dorothy Tutin played the role of Victoria on the West End and Broadway.
Melissa Rose Bernardo of Entertainment Weekly wrote that "What Raffo unearths, beneath the aforementioned Saddam-inflicted atrocities, is the universal and very basic human trait of insecurity."
Wilde was tipped off and Queensberry was refused admission.
Its goal is to advise the management on the most appropriate course of action based on the cost efficiency and capability.
Drona agreed and was successful and hence half of the kingdom was handed to the pandavas.
Ichikawa Ebizō V, Ichikawa Kuzō II, and Ichikawa Danjūrō VIII played the leading roles of Benkei, Togashi, and Yoshitsune, respectively.
It is noted for its evidence of Shaw's political evolution towards apparent support for dictatorship.
The plays are notable in that two men play the entire cast of over twenty eccentric characters of both genders and various ages.
The play largely is composed of a fanciful collection of interviews that never took place between Monroe and Mailer during Marilyn Monroe's last hours.
The series was written in response to calls for Shaw to write a play based on the Don Juan theme.
The sequel, Up 'n' Under II, followed in 1985.
Brecht's notes on the play, written in 1936, contain the earliest theoretical application of his "defamiliarization" principle to his own "non-Aristotelian" drama.
He was able to show it to Avnet, who was so impressed that he spent two years working with him on his screenplay.
This side is sensual without analysis, it feels a connection between man and beast, and it is a potential source of divinity and spiritual power.
The drama centers on Jason's infiltration of a brothel ring that is trafficking girls into Bangkok.
The scandalous trick and the frank language have for much of the play's history kept it off the stage and out of print.
The monologue in one act premiered in 1981.
The show re-opened at the Arts Theatre in February 2014 and ran until January 2015.
Good is an award-winning play in two acts written by British playwright Cecil Philip Taylor.
Defending the Caveman is a comedy play written by American actor and comedian Rob Becker about the misunderstandings between men and women.
The production closed in less than a month, after 46 performances.
Spider's Web is a 1954 play by crime writer Agatha Christie.
In 2013, Ylvis stated there were no plans to release an album including the song or any sequel to it.
Lawrence Holofcener's Before You Go ranks with Two for the Seesaw and The Owl and the Pussycat as the best of the genre.
A tale of love, hope and revenge set against the vicious backdrop of a lawless society".
The family is visited by a man calling himself Inspector Goole, who questions the family about the suicide of a young working-class woman, Eva Smith.
Sleep No More is an immersive theatre production created by British theatre company Punchdrunk.
It later had a successful run in London, and has since been performed around the world.
'Pataphysics is a pseudo-science Jarry created to critique members of the academy.
Intimate Exchanges is a play by Alan Ayckbourn.
It was written in 1937, around the same time she was writing Death on the Nile.
Coward said that the actress Laurette Taylor was the main model.
Miller felt that this production was too stylized and cold and the reviews for it were largely hostile.
The play is based on the Charles Dickens novella, A Christmas Carol.
The original stage production ran at the National Theatre in London between 1973 and 1975, directed by John Dexter.
Former boxer "Gentleman Jim" Corbett played Raffles.
Her sister Ruth consequently did not attend the premiere and never saw the play.
It premiered at the 1998 Humana Festival of New American Plays and opened Off-Broadway in 1999.
Like his play Six Characters in Search of an Author, it forms part of his "trilogy of the theatre in the theatre."
The play, directed by Sheryl Kaller, opened off-Broadway in 2009 before transferring to the Helen Hayes Theater in February, 2010.
Between the three works, Lesage created a comedy in three acts.
The play is written to be staged under a reversed lighting scheme: the play opens on a darkened stage.
Act I parodies the conventional comedy genre and satirizes Victorian society and colonialism.
The Water Engine is a play by David Mamet that centers on the violent suppression of a disruptive alternative energy technology.
That year it won several Tony Awards.
Jean is a suicidal garage attendant who sleeps with unsuitable men, like Roy, drinks heavily and has abortions.
These plays are also referred to as the Towneley Plays, on account of the manuscript residing at Towneley Hall.
Before the play opened on Broadway, producer Morton Gottlieb and author Bernard Slade, had sold the movie rights to Paramount for over $1 million.
It ran in France and then in London, running there for six years, and opened on Broadway in 2012.
The play was specially written for the Deaf actress Phyllis Frelich, based to some extent on her relationship with her husband Robert Steinberg.
"She felt it was too close to her own situation," said Williamson.
By turns comic, enchanting, and tragic, Ondine is considered by some to be Giraudoux's finest work.
The play portrays a Chinese American family in Chinatown, San Francisco during Chinese New Year.
Archangels Don't Play Pinball is a 1959 two-act play by Dario Fo.
The supporting characters include Cliff Lewis, an amiable Welsh lodger who attempts to keep the peace, and Helena Charles, Alison's snobbish friend.
The play is based on the life of the real Louis de Bussy d'Amboise, who was murdered in 1579.
It won 2 OBIE Awards in 1995-1996.
Sex is a 1926 play written by and starring Mae West, who used the pen name Jane Mast.
On Our Selection is a 1912 Australian play by Bert Bailey and Edmund Duggan based on the stories of Steele Rudd.
The play, which reflects on United States reality television, premiered at the Curious Theatre Company in Denver, Colorado in September 2005.
The Empire is a 2010 play by British playwright DC Moore set during the War in Afghanistan.
It was produced in the West End, London, where it received the Evening Standard Comedy of the Year Award, and on Broadway, New York.
Eliot was his first attempt at writing a verse drama although he was unable to complete the piece.
A Flea in Her Ear is a play by Georges Feydeau written in 1907, at the height of the Belle Époque.
Directed by Stewart Bopp, the play premiered on May 30, 1981 at Occidental College in Los Angeles, California.
Water by the Spoonful is a play by Quiara Alegría Hudes.
It was first performed in the Lyttelton auditorium of the National Theatre, London, on 26 March 2008; previews began on 17 March 2008.
Live Bird is a one-man show written by playwright, actor and musician Jeff Robinson celebrating the life of jazz legend Charlie Parker.
As with his 1902 play Rose Bernd, the play charts the demise of an ordinary man who falls victim to circumstances beyond his control.
Marriage à la Mode is a Restoration comedy by John Dryden, first performed in London in 1673 by the King's Company.
Young British genius Francis Lightfoot has discovered how to make terrible bombs using the atom.
The Trial of Lee Harvey Oswald is a 1967 American play.
The action takes place in a university lecture hall two centuries after a massive rainfall.
It is the "science of imaginary solutions".
Scapin the Schemer is a three-act comedy of intrigue by the French playwright Molière.
"Greek came to me via Sophocles, trickling its way down the millenia until it reached the unimaginable wastelands of Tufnell Park ...
It is attributed to Arnold Denham but it is likely a number of other writers worked on it.
Frozen is a play by Bryony Lavery that tells the story of the disappearance of a 10-year-old girl, Rhona.
It premiered on 10 February 1673 at the Théâtre du Palais-Royal in Paris and was originally choreographed by Pierre Beauchamp.
Snake in the Grass is a 2002 play by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn.
The Stronger is an 1889 Swedish play by August Strindberg.
The play won the Drama Critics' Circle Award for Best American Play and the Obie Award for Best American Play in 1971.
The Blind, also known as The Sightless, is a play that was written in 1890 by the Belgian playwright Maurice Maeterlinck.
It is seen as one of Strindberg's most powerful plays.
The play, Soyinka's eighth, has close links to the Theatre of the Absurd.
The title character Scapin is similar to the archetypical Scapino character.
The Madness of Lady Bright is a short play by Lanford Wilson, among the earliest of the gay theatre movement.
In 2014, the play was performed at the Jermyn Street Theatre
Rumors of Philippe's incestuous relationship with his daughter had made Arouet's play controversial long before it was performed.
Harris's direction was lauded for its subtlety.
The play has been staged internationally, and a television version featuring Ensler was produced by cable TV channel HBO.
The central characters are clergyman James Morell, his wife Candida and a youthful poet, Eugene Marchbanks, who tries to win Candida's affections.
The Ascension of Little Hannele, also known simply as Hannele, is an 1893 play by the German playwright Gerhart Hauptmann.
According to the Israeli authorities the demolitions were carried out to eliminate weapons smuggling tunnels.
It inspired a symphonic work by Kosaku Yamada.
You Never Can Tell is an 1897 four-act play by George Bernard Shaw that debuted at the Royalty Theatre.
Stepping Out is a play written by Richard Harris in 1984.
The Bushrangers; or Norwood Vale was the first play with an Australian theme to be published and staged in Australia.
A Dream Play was written in 1901 by the Swedish playwright August Strindberg.
Groenten uit Balen is a Flemish theatre play written by author Walter van den Broeck in 1972.
Guest star narrators include actors from the original TV series such as Roy Barraclough, Ken Morley and Gaynor Faye.
The date of its first performance is unknown, although scholars place it sometime between 428 and 425 BC.
A Tuna Christmas is the second in a series of comedic plays, each set the fictional town of Tuna, Texas, the "third-smallest" town in the state.
A Life in the Theatre is a 1977 play by David Mamet.
As a charity worker, she studiously avoids becoming embroiled in political issues, only to discover during the course of the action that this is impossible.
Shaw wrote the play in 1936 expressly for Edith Evans.
From the main play only fragments have been saved.
It was commissioned and premiered by The Acting Company in its 1997-98 season.
Chorus Girls was a 1981 musical written by The Kinks lead singer and songwriter Ray Davies, who collaborated with The Long Good Friday screenwriter Barrie Keeffe.
It has been mounted several times since its 2005 Off-Broadway production.
Peter Brook commissioned Fry to adapt the play and the first production of Ring Round the Moon was given at the Globe Theatre.
The title is derived from the Latin phrase "disjecta membra," meaning scattered remains or fragments, usually applied to written work.
It opened at London's Vaudeville Theatre on 15 September 1999 where the DVD of the production was filmed in front of a live audience.
In Shaw's words, it is about "how polygamy occurs among quite ordinary people innocent of all unconventional views concerning it."
Producers Darryl Roth and Stacy Shane announced that The Temperamentals would close May 30.
It is one of the most popular plays in the modern kabuki repertory.
The play was commissioned by the Steppenwolf Theatre Company of Chicago.
Then one day a young girl enters the cave and throws their belief system into question.
In 1909, producer A. H. Woods staged it on Broadway, where it was a hit.
The Shadow Box is a play written by actor Michael Cristofer.
It was first staged in 2010 at the Royal Court Theatre in London.
Antigone is a tragedy by Sophocles written in or before 441 BC.
The title is similar to that of The Thurber Carnival, Thurber's most successful collection of stories and drawings.
The Chief is a 2003 biographical one-man play about the Pittsburgh Steelers' founder and owner Art Rooney.
It is a drama in two acts.
Exploring the culture of B-list celebrities, it is a comedy about the rise and fall of Charlie Conrad, a man apparently famous for being a failure.
Her tribe wins the war, but her father loses trust in the white settlers; Pocahontas warns the settlers who reconcile with Powhatan.
The Washington Times republished one of Akin's articles on the play.
It premièred on 5 February 1969 at the Zürich Schauspielhaus, in a production directed by Benno Besson and Horst Sagert, with music by Yehoshua Lakner.
Although there was a real Cyrano de Bergerac, the play is a fictionalization of his life that follows the broad outlines of it.
Although it ran in previews on Broadway, the play never officially opened.
In the Next Room is a play by Sarah Ruhl.
Jean Anouilh's play Antigone is a tragedy inspired by Greek mythology and the play of the same name by Sophocles.
We Interrupt This Program... is a 1975 play by Norman Krasna.
The play has been lost except for a few surviving fragments.
According to Sturges, the play received "the most violently destructive notices [he] had seen in years."
The first play, Haunting Julia, was written in 1994, and Snake in the Grass was written in 2002 as a companion piece.
The Green Bird is a 1765 commedia dell'arte play by Carlo Gozzi.
Amphiaraus is a lost Greek play by the Athenian poet Sophocles.
The play is a reworking of Brecht's earlier short story Der Augsburger Kreidekreis; both derive from the 14th-century Chinese play Circle of Chalk by Li Xingdao.
The play was recorded as having been lost as early as 200 BCE by Aristophanes of Byzantium in his hypothesis for Medea.
Despite their best efforts at running away from each other, the two men repeatedly find themselves in the same places.
Apart from its intrinsic merits, the play is noteworthy as the first American tragedy written on an American subject.
One of the characters was based on Williamson's wife, Kristin, and another on his then-friend Bob Ellis.
Ghetto is a play by Israeli playwright Joshua Sobol about the experiences of the Jews of the Vilna Ghetto during Nazi occupation in World War II.
The play draws on the tradition of the earlier Italian commedia dell'arte.
It is about family dynamics, the price of furniture and the price of one's decisions.
The Year of the Dragon is a play written by Chinese American playwright Frank Chin.
The anti-war play first created sensation as a radio play at Allahabad All India Radio.
Its final performance was on June 7, 2015.
The cast included Louise Roberts as Louise, Michael Heinzman as Benny, Mic Murphy as Phil, and Humbert Alan Astredo as DeWitt.
It consists of six monologues presented in alternating programs of three each.
The play has been adapted for film twice: as the 1986 film About Last Night and the 2014 film About Last Night.
The Invisible Circus is a play by Sumner Locke Elliott set in the world of radio drama.
Both productions transferred to the Arts Theatre in London's West End Theatre on 15 July 2009.
The play ends as he is about to enter.
The second tragedy, Palamedes, dealt with Greek mistreatment of their fellow Greek Palamedes.
In September 2013 a successful collaboration between Theatre Royal Bath and Chichester Festival Theatre was directed by Jeremy Herrin, transferring to Trafalgar Studios in 2014.
As described by the Washington Post, the play "applies a modern twist to the issues of race and housing and aspirations for a better life."
Lucille Lortel Award nominations went to Ellis and White, and the play was nominated for the GLAAD Media Award for Outstanding New York Theatre.
This play is loosely based on Herman Melville's novella Billy Budd.
It is also the name of a short-story written by Fredric Brown in 1951.
Vincent River is a one act stage play by Philip Ridley.
A Hard God is a semi-autobiographical play by Peter Kenna.
The play is a romantic comedy where a hapless man becomes the guardian of his uncle's adopted daughter, and eventually wins her love.
It was popular and was performed throughout Australia at a time when this was not common for local plays.
Little Accident was a 1928 Broadway three-act comedy written by Floyd Dell and Thomas Mitchell.
Managing Carmen is a 2012 play by David Williamson about a cross-dressing football player.
This production was followed by a Contemporary American Theater Festival production as part of the 2012 Festival from 6 to 29 July 2012.
Mike Downstairs is a 1968 American play.
At the request of his associate, Michael Codron, Frayn expanded this into what would become Noises Off.
The cast included Mady Christians, Oscar Homolka, and Joan Tetzel.
The Long and the Short and the Tall is a play written by British playwright Willis Hall.
It was revived by The Original Theatre Company in 2009.
Dead White Males is a 1995 play by David Williamson.
Play It Again, Sam is a 1969 Broadway play written by and starring Woody Allen.
It is peopled with gamblers, courtesans,thieves and so on.
There have been numerous productions throughout the US.
Kazan later directed On the Waterfront, which dealt with the same subject.
It starred Danny Kaye and ran for a year on Broadway.
The performance of April 22, 2010 was broadcast to more than 200 cinemas worldwide by NTLive.
McQueen is a play by British playwright James Phillips and directed by John Caird.
Playing with the conventions of popular farce, Orton creates a hectic world and examines English attitudes and perceptions in the mid twentieth century.
The work concerns the Tyrone family –  consisting of parents James and Mary and their sons Edmund and Jamie.
Street Scene received the 1929 Pulitzer Prize for Drama.
It was first performed by the Royal Shakespeare Company at The Other Place, Stratford-upon-Avon on the 4th November 1992.
It is kept in the Laurentian Library at Florence, Italy.
It was included in Burns Mantle's The Best Plays of 1941-1942.
Also appearing were Gemma Arterton and Harry Lloyd.
This play is the second in the Figaro trilogy, preceded by The Barber of Seville and followed by The Guilty Mother.
Set in North London, the play has six characters.
The play won the 2000 Governor General's Award for English language drama.
Later, it was published in 1927, 1959, 1969, 1982, 2001 and 2005.
The play opened at the opulent Martin Beck Theatre on March 6, 1934, and ran for 79 performances.
Some consider it to be more a novel than a true play, partly because of its subtitle, "A Novel in Dramatic Form".
The Rimers of Eldritch is a play by Lanford Wilson.
The cast included Thomas Hulce, John Lithgow, Tony Musante, Joe Grifasi, and Meryl Streep.
It remains one of Calderón's best-known and most studied works.
It is the first of two surviving tragedies by Euripides where the children of Heracles are suppliants.
It deals with the Israeli-Palestinian conflict through Hare's own 1997 journey through Israel and Palestine, and the 33 people whom he met.
Set Design by Jeff G. Rack; Lighting Design by Meghan Hong; Costume Design by Holly Victoria; Sound Design by Jonathan Snipes.
It is the latter that is usually performed or published, though the former is the more in keeping with Shaw's tendencies to criticize contemporary society.
At the same time Jo begins a romantic relationship with Jimmy, a black sailor.
This was the first attempt Ayckbourn made at a musical since the ill-fated Jeeves!
The House of Love is a striptease revue starring Jayne Mansfield.
Marie, Ontario who spend their days drinking in a bar while awaiting the results of a friend's murder trial.
Les Parents terribles is a 1938 French play written by Jean Cocteau.
The Two Character Play is an American play by Tennessee Williams that premiered in London at the Hampstead Theatre in December 1967.
It was designed to be shown in a double-bill with another short play, The Blood of the Bambergs.
In the play, which is largely fictional, he falls in love with an English widow.
He is to marry another woman the next day, which causes her to despair.
In 2014 DirecTV picked up 10 episodes of original comedy based on Things You Shouldn't Say Past Midnight to be adapted into a television series.
The Broadway show closed on June 28, 2009, after 648 performances and 18 previews.
It premiered at the Royal Theatre in Copenhagen, Denmark, on 21 December 1879, having been published earlier that month.
Commentators have often grouped it with Blood Wedding and Yerma as a "rural trilogy".
Wit is a one-act play written by American playwright Margaret Edson, which won the 1999 Pulitzer Prize for Drama.
The Caucasian Chalk Circle is considered one of Brecht's most celebrated works and is one of the most regularly performed 'German' plays.
The play was inspired by Williamson's concern over the influence of managers in modern-day Australian rules.
It was first produced at The Royal Court Theatre Upstairs in London, England, on 4 July 1997.
It debuted to a full house at the new Theatre Comique on Broadway in New York City on August 29, 1881.
The play was attributed to Seneca, but modern scholarship generally discredits this.
Maeterlinck also wrote a relatively little known sequel to The Blue Bird, entitled The Betrothal; or, The Blue Bird Chooses.
The upcoming shows feature a completely new cast and a new script, but cover the same arcs as the first season.
The plot concerns a banquet in which the central figure taunts death with a toast "And so, O Plague, we hail thy reign!".
As Roger Ebert observes, in his review of the 1983 film, based on Pinter's own screenplay, "The 'Betrayal' structure strips away all artifice.
The play was actually first performed in a Swedish translation, at Stockholm, a few days before it was produced at Christiania.
In one cave, thousands of years of history are played out.
Only part of the movie survives today.
The text comprises the "argument", or plot summary of the intended five acts, along with the complete first scene and part of the second.
The Speed of Darkness is a play written by Steve Tesich.
The Power of Yes is a 2009 play by English playwright David Hare.
Additionally, Redmayne won a 2010 Tony Award for Best Performance by a Featured Actor in a Play.
It looks at the New South Wales Labor government of the 1980s.
It draws from Hugo von Hofmannsthal's 1911 play Jedermann, which Reinhardt directed at the Salzburg Festival for many years following its revival in 1920.
In the U.S., the original version has also been supplanted in popularity by the 1954 musical version, which became popular on television.
is a one-act play by the Armenian-American playwright William Saroyan written early in August 1941.
The Vote is a 2015 British play written by James Graham.
The two are locked in eternal, if comic, antagonism after surviving the downfall of the mythical Biblical city in question.
In 1932, it was also made into an unsuccessful Broadway operetta, Through the Years, with music by Vincent Youmans.
Spring and Port Wine is a stage play by Bill Naughton which was turned into a film.
Composed as a tragedy set in the biblical city of Sodom, the play was first published in 1943.
Stoppard employs yet another sub-text in Night and Day, by commenting on the very form of language through his remarks on journalism.
She creates a robot replica of herself to travel across the world.
Conran spent four years making a black and white teaser with a bluescreen set up in his living room and using a Macintosh IIci.
It has been performed in over thirty different languages.
Don't Dress for Dinner is a two-act play by French playwright Marc Camoletti, who wrote the farce Boeing-Boeing.
It is the second part of a trilogy that begins with The Death of Ivan the Terrible and concludes with Tsar Boris.
It was first published in 1908 by Wilde's literary executor, Robert Ross.
The play was published in 2011, and was included in a collection of Bean's plays published in 2013.
It aroused a great sensation at the time, and caused a “storm of outraged controversy” that went beyond the theatre to the world newspapers and society.
In this play, a young woman is visited by her betrothed, whom she does not know.
Temptation is a Faustian play written by Czech playwright Václav Havel in 1985 that premiered in Austria on 22 May 1986 in the Burgtheater in Vienna.
It is a play for two actors set entirely in the office of an Open University lecturer.
Epitaph for George Dillon is an early John Osborne play, one of two he wrote in collaboration with Anthony Creighton.
The play focuses on issues including the complex emerging state structure and honesty.
Ubu Roi is a play by Alfred Jarry.
The play has been published in the collection "Discovering New Mysteries Scripts" by on Stage Press, a division of Samuel French, Inc.
Pinter himself played Roote in a subsequent production staged at the Minerva Theatre, in Chichester, in 1995, later transferring to the Comedy Theatre, in London.
Liolà is a free-spirit who wanders from town to town, looking to connect with nature, and to create children without having any ties to the mother.
The atonement of both Jitta and other characters take unexpected forms.
The play won several awards in its London run and has had many revivals.
In God We Trust is a play written by Avaes Mohammad.
Amadeus won the 1981 Tony Award for Best Play.
Its forty scenes move uninhibitedly in time and space and between consciousness and the unconscious, blending folkloric fantasy and unsentimental realism.
First published in 1637, it is a tragedy about a misunderstanding which leads to the honor killing of the protagonist’s wife.
It was revived on stage at the Rose Theatre, Kingston in April 2012 starring Zawe Ashton, Alex Beckett and Alison Steadman.
It's Only a Play is a play by Terrence McNally.
In a comical folklore manner, the play satirizes the way of understanding of the foreign fashion waves as an evolution in the human progress.
The play was a sex farce, but unlike most productions of its type, the setting was a hayloft instead of a bedroom.
Mercury Fur is a play written by Philip Ridley which premiered in 2005.
The Comedy About a Bank Robbery is a comedy play, written by Henry Lewis, Jonathan Sayer and Henry Shields, who are members of Mischief Theatre Company.
It opened October 10, 2010, and abruptly closed two days later following a dispute with the venue's landlord.
At the Comedy Theatre the production starred Charles Tingwell, Gay Singleton and Richard Coleman.
Additional content and translations were provided by Chris Lipscombe when the show was expanded in 2010.
The play, though not a commercial success in its time, survives as Molière's best known work today.
Anna Christie is a play in four acts by Eugene O'Neill.
It has been acclaimed by modern critics as a perfectly realized fantasy remarkable for its mimicry of birds and for the gaiety of its songs.
It was presented for the first time on March 5, 1725 at the Hôtel de Bourgogne by the Comédie Italienne.
The Shulamite is an Edwardian drama, or melodrama, based on a novel of the same name.
It is one of the seven extant tragedies by Sophocles.
Bad Jews is a dark comedy play by Joshua Harmon.
It was first produced Off-Broadway at the Studio Theatre of Playwrights Horizons, in 1981.
The role of Andrew Hunter was played by William Franklyn, who was succeeded in June 1968 by Richard Coleman.
It moved to a larger off-Broadway house, the Westbank Theater, where it ran for a year.
is a staged production show based on the television game show The Price Is Right.
Meanwhile, Carthage is being attacked by the forces of the Roman general Scipio.
It was written in 1934 and first performed that same year.
It premiered at the 2010 Edinburgh Festival Fringe.
Bridge & Tunnel is a one-woman Broadway show, in which all of the roles are performed by stage actress Sarah Jones.
The audience views the ensuing mayhem through the kaleidoscope of Claire's world.
On the train he meets dental assistant Edna Baker, and the two embark upon a friendship that evolves into love for her and fondness for him.
The play was a finalist for the 2009 Pulitzer Prize for Drama.
Princess Maleine is a play by Belgian playwright Maurice Maeterlinck.
Alibi is a 1928 play by Michael Morton based on The Murder of Roger Ackroyd, a novel by British crime writer Agatha Christie.
Puig's second play was El misterio del ramo de rosas also translated by Baker and first produced in 1987.
The Sign in Sidney Brustein's Window is the second and last staged play by playwright Lorraine Hansberry, author of A Raisin in the Sun.
It was co-commissioned by Peshkar Productions and the Oldham Coliseum Theatre.
The title of the play refers to the slang word "bent" used in some European countries to refer to homosexuals.
Pinki Buli or Pinky Buly is a Bengali drama directed by Meghnad Bhattacharya.
Set in the booming international art market from 1990, which was fuelled by the dot com boom, it involves scenes of an alternate sexual nature.
Another 'Popular Play' like The Les Darcy Show.
The brother, Boy Willie, is a sharecropper who wants to sell the piano to buy the land where his ancestors toiled as slaves.
All the King's Horses is a play written by Irish-born journalist and playwright John McDonnell in 1961.
It was one of the few Australian plays of the 1940s to receive a professional production, being produced by J.C. Williamsons Ltd.
The UK premiere was at the Close Theatre Club in Glasgow in October 1969; this was the first performance of the text as written.
In 2000, Johnson adapted the play for television as Cor, Blimey!.
It debuted at Harrigan's Park Theatre in New York City on February 15, 1886 and ran though May.
The Sisters Rosensweig is a play by Wendy Wasserstein.
Fefu and Her Friends was the fourteenth play by Cuban American playwright María Irene Fornés, originally written and produced in 1977.
It opened on Broadway in September 2009.
The play opened on Broadway on December 3, 1947, and closed on December 17, 1949, in the Ethel Barrymore Theatre.
It has been called a 'credit-crunch generation Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?'.
Other knots used for this purpose can cause a substantial loss of strength.
Mistero buffo is Dario Fo's solo pièce célèbre, performed across Europe, Canada and Latin America from 1969 to 1999.
This won the 1972 Academy Award for Best Documentary Film.
The play was originally titled Like Father, Like Fun and realised to audiences in 1966 in Vancouver.
Between the Sheets is a one-act play written by Jordi Mand.
It opened on December 10, 1928 at the Martin Beck Theatre and then moved to the Alvin Theatre sometime in 1929 running for 90 total performances.
American law professor Robert Brauneis, who extensively researched the song, concluded in 2010 that "It is almost certainly no longer under copyright."
Afterlife is a 2008 play by Michael Frayn.
Smilin' Through is a 1919 play by Jane Cowl and Jane Murfin, written under a pseudonym, Allan Langdon Martin.
Dana Sutton, however, disputes this, suggesting that Niptra was a separate play dealing with Odysseus' return to Ithaca but not with his death.
Peliades is the earliest known tragedy by Euripides; he entered it into the Dionysia of 455 BC but did not win.
Anne Boleyn is a play on the life of Anne Boleyn by the English author Howard Brenton, which premiered at Shakespeare's Globe in 2010.
The action takes place in a suite in a posh London hotel and revolves around accidents caused by a defective sash window.
In 1998, a NYC production played at the Eugene O'Neill Theater with an all-American cast, including Armand Schultz, Tuck Milligan, and Laila Robins.
It is a four-act play in eight scenes that features almost 50 characters; crowd scenes form a prominent part of its episodic dramatic structure.
Lister-Jones replaced Graynor at the end of the run.
Tallulah Bankhead starred in the original production as Regina Hubbard Giddens.
He was called onto stage after the curtain, where he received enthusiastic applause.
Directed by Alan Schneider, the opening night cast included Eileen Heckart, Martin Balsam, George Grizzard, and Melinda Dillon.
The Boys Next Door is a play by Tom Griffin, first produced in the 1988/89 season.
Miss Julie is a naturalistic play written in 1888 by August Strindberg.
Di goldgreber is a play by Sholem Aleichem, in the tradition of Yiddish theatre.
The play is William Mastrosimone's first play.
Perfect Crime is a 1987 murder mystery/thriller play by Warren Manzi.
Kurt and Sid is a play by Roy Smiles which had its world premiere at the Trafalgar Studios in London's West End.
Presented by the Roundabout Theater Company, Todd Haimes, artistic director.
Late Nite Catechism is currently produced by the New York-based company Entertainment Events, Inc.
The battle does not directly feature in the play, although it is central to the plot.
Einstein's Gift is a play written by Canadian playwright Vern Thiessen in 2003.
By choosing characters across all levels of society, the play offers social commentary on how sexual contact transgresses boundaries of class.
Since the original production, staged readings of The Contingency Plan have been performed in the United Kingdom, the United States, and Australia.
It was first performed at the Foire Saint-Germain in 1713.
The Village Bike is a 2011 play by Penelope Skinner which premiered at the Royal Court Theatre in London.
It was based on the novel Vendetta by Marie Corelli.
No major studio was interested in Sky Captain, but Avnet convinced Aurelio De Laurentiis to finance Sky Captain without a distribution deal.
Veteren film and TV director Marc Gracie was the original director of the production.
In English, it is often distinguished from its antecedent by being pronounced similarly to its original French form [ɑ̃tiɡɔn], approximately on-tee-GONE.
Edward G. Robinson had a major role as a snarling gangster, which led to his being cast in similar film roles.
Verdict is a 1958 play by British mystery writer Agatha Christie.
The story is about two sisters who start a school "for genteel children".
She believes this because, if a wise fool archetype were reinstated into the plays, they could not remain tragedies.
The satyrs set out to find the cattle, tracking their footprints.
The world premiere of the play was directed by Victoria Espinosa on 15 February 1978 at the University of Puerto Rico.
Its gags are based on a future where gender roles are reversed.
This first performance was held December 30, 1889.
George Stephenson Wallace, was an Australian comedian, vaudevillian and film star.
One of the six LDS pageants, Jesus the Christ began in 1928 as a small sunrise Easter presentation.
The play is notable for its joyous anticipation of peace and for its celebration of a return to an idyllic life in the countryside.
The play examines the contradictions of Cody's life and his work with Native Americans.
It was later adapted into a movie.
Andromeda may have been the first depiction on stage of a young man falling in love with a woman.
My Mate, or a Bush Love Story is an Australian play by Edmund Duggan which was first produced in 1911.
It is regarded as a central work in the canon of American drama.
The play won the 1952 Pulitzer Prize for Drama.
The conventional attribution to Euripides remains controversial.
The play follows the story of "Adam" and "Eve".
It was revived by Northern Broadsides in 2010 after a period of near oblivion.
Its world premier was at the Spring Street Theatre, home of Hull Truck Theatre at Kingston upon Hull, East Riding of Yorkshire.
He followed suggestions that he first publish it in novel form and the book became both a best-seller and critical success.
It dramatises Andromache's life as a slave, years after the events of the Trojan War, and her conflict with her master's new wife, Hermione.
Faces in the Crowd by Leo Butler was first performed at the Royal Court theatre in London in 2008.
The film stars Law, Gwyneth Paltrow and Angelina Jolie; it is an example of the "dieselpunk" genre.
It follows the fortunes of an Australian rules football club over the course of a season, and explores the clashes of individuals from within the club.
The Immoralist is a play adapted from the novel by André Gide by Augustus and Ruth Goetz.
The play centres on three brothers coming to terms with their father's death.
Previews began September 17, 2010 with Malcolm Madera as Reems and Lori Gardner as Lovelace for director Jerry Douglas.
The play is set before and after the Battle of Kinsale.
The play won the Society of West End Theatre Awards Play of the Year title for 1982.
The show first opened in the fall of 2009.
The most popular, and most frequently performed, scene from this play is Terakoya, the third scene of Act IV.
It was first performed on 2 April of that year and first published in the October number of Samhain | Saṁain.
Dickens' Women was taken on a world tour in 2012 as part of the 200th anniversary celebrations of Dickens' birth.
In Donkeys' Years six former students spend the weekend at their old university college for their 25th year reunion.
The play first premiered in 1968 and opened to instant success.
In 2002, Crowley wrote The Men from the Boys, a sequel to the play, which takes place 30 years after the original.
The original cast featured Ralph Meeker, Eileen Heckart, Arthur O'Connell, Janice Rule, Reta Shaw, Kim Stanley and Paul Newman.
The Importance of Being Earnest has been revived many times since its premiere.
It is a parody of the verismo melodramas in vogue at the time.
In 1989, Temptation was translated to English by the Czech author and journalist Marie Winn.
The play had tryouts starting in Brooklyn, then in Boston and Chicago under the reduced title of Gertie's Garter.
Kane described Phaedra's Love as "My comedy".
Actual violence is prevented by an uproar in the street below.
Teater Tun Siti Hasmah is a Malaysian play directed by Erma Fatima and starring Lisa Surihani, Eja, Nazim Othman and Esma Danial.
It was a vehicle for stage star Dorothy Brunton.
Rough for Theatre II is a short play by Samuel Beckett.
The name of the central character is given as "Iolanthe" in the original and in early English versions.
According to Lion Feuchtwanger, the play was originally entitled Spartakus.
Superior Donuts is a play by American playwright Tracy Letts.
First published by both Encore Publishing and Eyre Methuen in 1960, The Caretaker remains one of Pinter's most celebrated and oft-performed plays.
The cast included Robert Carradine, Jonathan Hadary, Jonathan Hogan, Lou Liberatore, Ken Kliban, and Claris Erickson.
Short Eyes, prison slang for a child molester, was written for a prisoners' writing workshop during Pinero's incarceration for armed robbery.
A Perfect Ganesh is a play written by Terrance McNally which premiered Off-Broadway in 1993.
It played for years on Broadway before being adapted by I.A.L.
Pelléas and Mélisande is a Symbolist play by Maurice Maeterlinck about the forbidden, doomed love of the title characters.
Theristai, is a lost satyr play by Attic playwright Euripides.
The story like Vincent River involved a mother of a murdered homosexual who befriends his son's lover and also featured a character called Vincent.
In contrast to Hauptmann's naturalistic dramas, The Assumption of Hannele adopts a more symbolist dramaturgy and includes a dream sequence.
Candy Moore went on to play one of Lucille Ball's two young children in The Lucy Show
Her husband, Dr John Hall, is suspicious of their relationship, but stands up for his wife when she takes her accuser to court for slander.
The title is taken from Napoleon's costly invasion of Moscow and the subsequent retreat.
Wogs Out of Work is an Australian play which was written by Nick Giannopoulos, Simon Palomares, and Maria Portesi.
There is a consistent use of pun and innuendo sprinkled in the dialogues of each character.
The play, in fact, revolves around a James Dean fan club that reunites at a Texas five-and-dime store.
Nobody, unhappily, has any good stage reason for living.
The first performance of MacHomer was at the Montreal Fringe Festival in 1995.
The play offers a satirical treatment of bigotry and charts the rise of a double-dealer who manipulates other people's vanities.
The play has been adapted for several films and a TV series.
It was one of his few plays intended for marionettes.
It starred Colin Blakely, Dorothy Tutin, and Vivien Merchant, and was directed by Peter Hall.
It played, on Broadway, at the Golden Theater.
It was included in Burns Mantle's The Best Plays of 1928–1929.
It was one of Enright's most popular works.
The play is adapted from Carol Burnett's memoir One More Time.
It was a co-production between the UK-based theatre company Complicite and Theatre Royal, Plymouth, and Ruhrfestspiele, Wiener Festwochen, and the Holland Festival.
Its Broadway debut was on 23 April 2006 at the Broadhurst Theatre where 185 performances were staged before it closed on 1 October 2006.
A part of the act, Don Juan in Hell, was performed when the drama was staged on 4 June 1907 at the Royal Court.
Critics have tended to attribute this relative contemporary failure to the play's darkness which may have reminded audiences of the approaching European war.
The Mystery of Irma Vep is a play in three acts by Charles Ludlam.
Hazel Kirke is a play in four acts written by American actor and dramatist Steele MacKaye.
The play presents "intimate relationships [as] minefields of buried fears and misunderstandings".
Stewart later stated this role convinced him to continue his acting career during a time he recalled that "From 1932 through 1934...I'd only worked three months.
Ray Cooney's Theatre of Comedy Company bought the theatre during the run.
All 3400 extras are supervised by Louise Goldman, who divides them into groups by asking them to count off by four.
The play also, however, remains notorious for its caricature of Socrates and is mentioned in Plato's Apology as a contributor to the philosopher's trial and execution.
First performed in 1979, Amadeus was inspired by a short 1830 play by Alexander Pushkin called Mozart and Salieri.
It is also said to depict the challenge for upwardly mobile Muslim Americans in the post-9/11 America.
It opened on 30 May 1966 at the Golders Green Hippodrome and transferred soon after to the Globe Theatre.
Bochu won the 2010 Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Solo Performance.
The play was produced for television twice, in 1974 with Georgie Elgin played by Shirley Knight, and in 1982 by Faye Dunaway.
He therefore gave orders to prepare a pitfall to trap him.
Williams revised the script for a second production, giving it a kabuki framework, with two actors acting as stagehands commenting on the play as it happened.
It was revived on 7 May 1723 with Le Couvreur and Quinault-Dufresne and remained in the répertoire of Comédie-Française until 1852.
The Unexpected Guest is a 1958 play by crime writer Agatha Christie.
This play is the forerunner in presenting fictional themes in the Hindu Epics.
Each In His Own Way is a 1924 play by Luigi Pirandello.
It portrays fictional events set before and after the Hansberry play, and is loosely based on historical events that took place in the city of Chicago.
The off-Broadway production, directed by Robert Moore, opened on April 14, 1968 at Theater Four, where it ran for more than 1,000 performances.
I feel that it is more humorously true than Picnic, and it does fulfill my original intentions."
Polynices bribed Amphiaraus' wife Eriphyle, who was also Adrastus' sister, to coerce Amphiaraus to take part in the attack.
Palamon and Arcite is a play by Richard Edwardes, which was performed before Elizabeth I at Oxford.
It was the lector who informed, organized and entertained the workers until the 1930s, when the rollers and the readers were replaced by mechanization.
Elements of the play are based on Alcestis, by the Ancient Greek playwright Euripides.
Ned prefers loud public confrontations to the calmer, more private strategies favored by his associates, friends, and closeted lover Felix Turner.
The title refers to the most common illness among tourists.
The play was initially produced by The Group Theatre in 1935.
Later that year the show moved to the Bristol Old Vic with much of the same cast.
The Ichneutae, also known as the Searchers, Trackers or Tracking Satyrs, is a fragmentary satyr play by the fifth-century BC Athenian dramatist Sophocles.
It is a biting satire of a middle-class family and their reaction to losing a son in Vietnam.
Gem of the Ocean is a play by American playwright August Wilson.
Rhesus is an Athenian tragedy that belongs to the transmitted plays of Euripides.
The audible.com recorded version, which featured Bill Irwin and Swoosie Kurtz, won an Audie Award for best recorded play of the year.
British writer John Fay also returned to write for the series, under Davies as head writer.
Harrison's play deals with genocide and ethnic cleansing and uses Heracles's filicide as a metaphor for the unspeakable horrors of war and man's inhumanity to man.
The play premiered at the Royal National Theatre in London on 18 May 2004.
It ran for 89 performances from February 6, 1936 to April 1936 at the Shubert Theatre.
Dead Rising 3 is a open world survival horror beat 'em up video game.
The thrust of the narrative involves Jack's arranged marriage to Roberta and, when the first Roberta is not satisfactory, Roberta II.
Dame Lorraine is a 1981 play by American playwright Steve Carter.
The Bacchae is considered to be not only Euripides' greatest tragedy, but one of the greatest ever written, modern or ancient.
The plots of this trilogy were not connected in the way that Aeschylus' Oresteia was connected.
The play is inspired by real-life experiences of teenage girls from New York, New Jersey, Connecticut and Pennsylvania.
The play melds the sometimes dark realities of life on an Indian reserve with humour and elements of Aboriginal spirituality.
Although she tries to have a normal life, her past experiences keep intruding.
The play title is taken from a line in Elinor Wylie's poem "Now Let No Charitable Hope."
The Broadway production in 1996 was nominated for five Tony Awards, including Best Play.
The play, which won the 2013 Pulitzer Prize for Drama, opened on Broadway at the Lyceum Theater, with previews that began on September 27, 2014.
The play takes as its epigraph a comment of Richard Holmes's, “Shelley's life seems more a haunting than a history.”
It was written and developed at the Perseverance Theatre in Juneau, Alaska, with Molly Smith as artistic director.
The play received a Lucille Lortel Award nomination for Outstanding Play and won the Drama League Award for Distinguished Performance.
It was adapted as a feature film also titled Meet the Wife in 1931.
Who, Me is a Doctor Who themed stage show directed and co-devised by Scott Gooding, starring comedian Rob Lloyd and produced by Laura Milke Garner.
Vidal adapted it into a film with the same title in 1964.
It received nine Tony Award nominations and won for Best Actor and Best Director.
It is a comedy-drama about a Lebanese-American family and was a finalist for the 2012 Pulitzer Prize for Drama.
As discussion turns to politics and religion, the mood quickly becomes heated.
The play opened Off-Broadway in 1994 and transferred to Broadway in 1995.
Everyone is competing for Prom King and Queen and the audience decides who wins.
The Outcasts is a Bulgarian play, authored by Ivan Vazov in 1884.
In 2011 Van den Broek and Guido Van Meir once again adapted the novel into a movie.
The playwright Kroetz is known for his plays featuring severely mentally or emotionally impaired characters, often set in his native Bavaria.
It was directed by Richard Eyre and starred Judi Dench, Ronald Pickup and Samantha Bond in the title role.
Die letzte Kommune is a 2013 written play in German language by Peter Lund, with music by Thomas Zaufke and was specifically written for GRIPS-Theater, Berlin.
Williams and Sears regularly tour the country to perform all four plays, with Howard directing.
High Tor is a 1936 play by Maxwell Anderson.
The musician Pony's return strips away illusions and excuse to reveal the meaningless dead-end existences of everyone.
Phaedra's Love is a play by British playwright Sarah Kane.
The play has also been staged internationally in Singapore and Kuala Lumpur in April 2012, by the British Theatre Playhouse.
An Inspector Calls is a play written by English dramatist J.
Hare received the 1999 Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Solo Performance for his performance of Via Dolorosa.
The Trip to Bountiful is a play by American playwright Horton Foote.
Brecht later claimed that he had only written it as a source of income.
The play opened in London on 28 October 1953 at the Winter Garden Theatre.
Portraying the hardships a Jewish doctor named Hans Mamlock experiences under the Hitler regime, it is one of the earliest works dealing with Nazi antisemitism.
The production transferred to Wyndham's Theatre in the West End where it ran for over two years.
The play is more cheerful than most of Mamet's work and contains none of the coarse language for which he is known.
Village Wooing, A Comedietta for Two Voices is a play by George Bernard Shaw, written in 1933 and first performed in 1934.
The trilogy is sometimes referred to as the Oedipodea.
The Man With Blond Hair is a play by Norman Krasna based on a true story.
The play focuses on the arguments between a brother and a sister who have different ideas on what to do with the piano.
Big Al is an Off-Broadway play by Brian Goluboff that went up at the Arclight Theatre.
It depicts Joseph Smith's encounter with the Golden Plates, as well as a dramatization of the events recorded therein.
Racing Demon is a 1990 play by English playwright David Hare.
Les Gracques is an unfinished play by Jean Giraudoux published after the author's death.
The setting of the play is Ingolstadt, a provincial city in Bavaria.
As of October 2002, three years after its publication, the play had been performed over 15,000 times.
The first competition was held in the 1960–61 season — but not recognised by the governing body of European football until two years later.
Port Authority is a 2001 play by Conor McPherson.
But Nevin declined to produce it, feeling it was too close to Cate Blanchett replacing Nevin at the Sydney Theatre Company.
It was first performed at the Foire de Saint Laurent in 1714.
He was the youngest known in that position.
Later revisions to the play were made by John L. Balderston, for the original 1927 Broadway production.
It remains one of Strindberg's most admired and influential dramas, seen as an important precursor to both dramatic Expressionism and Surrealism.
The play was a finalist for the 2005 Pulitzer Prize for Drama.
The plot focuses on Phoebe Craddock and Jason Carmichael, playwrights who meet and decide to collaborate just as he is getting married.
The production starred Rupert Friend as Michael and Tamsin Greig as Diane.
The play frequently breaks the fourth wall when the characters directly narrate the events in the story to the audience.
Directed by Mick Storm, with Jimmy Pendleton as Boz, Mark Goldfarb as Dale, and Loraine Hanken as Kizzy.
The play's time span covers a single day of her life, during which several successive extravagant and often comic daydreams are portrayed.
A West End production was launched at the Noël Coward Theatre in February 2014.
Shakespeare in Love played to sold out audiences during the 2016 Stratford Festival season.
Kanyasulkam is a Telugu play written by Gurazada Apparao in 1892.
Herakles is an Athenian tragedy by Euripides that was first performed c. 416 BCE.
is a 1964 play by Irish dramatist Brian Friel.
At the end of the play, the cast and creators answer questions from the audience.
The play originally was produced off-Broadway at the Second Stage Theatre.
Although it went unnoticed at first, the play was eventually championed by a few established writers and critics and, in the end, won critical acclaim.
The French composer Albert Wolff wrote an opera based on Maeterlinck's original play, and Maeterlinck's innamorata Georgette Leblanc produced a novelization.
It is considered one of the best plays of Huseyn Javid.
Later it would be adapted into the opera Gismonda by Henry Février.
He then offers to spare her lover if Tosca will yield to his sexual desire.
Peril at End House is a 1940 play based on the 1932 novel of the same name by Agatha Christie.
The people in question have come separately to see the "play" to determine if it is really based on the real events.
Since her death it has since been published multiple times and produced twice, in 1989 and 2010.
It was later played for a time by Clark Gable.
The plays are at once an affectionate comment on small-town, Southern life and attitudes but also a withering satire of same.
The full text was first printed in 1602 and extracts were copied into the Bannatyne Manuscript.
The visitor is immersed in sets based on archive footage from Baghdad, 1963; New York City, 1964; Moscow, 1959; in the Amygdala, 1959–1969; and Kinshasa, 1960.
Reviewers generally panned the play as unfunny and vulgar, and local authorities attempted to censor it.
The play had its London premiere in August 1948 at the Aldwych Theatre with Dulcie Gray returning to the cast.
The play charts the attempts of a self-confident and manipulative Bavarian peasant boy to outwit the vigilant parents of a girl of his village.
The play replaces the Italian period setting of the original with Brighton in 1963.
The contemporary influence of the play continues into the twenty-first century.
The Little Sheep Run Fast is a 1940 Australian play by Sumner Locke Elliott.
It premiered on Broadway on November 14, 2012.
It won the 2012 Susan Smith Blackburn Prize
The "Long Day" refers to the setting of the play, which takes place during one day.
It was inspired by Auguste Rodin's sculpture The Burghers of Calais.
Cactus Flower is a farce by Abe Burrows.
Gypsy was a 1929 Broadway three-act play written by Maxwell Anderson and produced by Richard Herndon and directed by George Cukor.
In The Acharnians, Aristophanes reveals his resolve not to yield to attempts at political intimidation.
Leaves of Glass is the sixth adult stage play by Philip Ridley.
It ran for over 150 performances, closing on January 7, 1882, the longest of any Harrigan and Hart production to that time.
It is the best known novelisation of life as a convict in early Australian history.
A London production opened in the West End in 2008.
It was set in Gertrude Lennox's living room.
After a successful 1985 Off-Broadway production at The Public Theater, the play was revived in Los Angeles and London and again Off-Broadway in 2004.
The Honey Moon is a play by John Tobin.
They are produced in association with FremantleMedia.
Red, White and Tuna is not currently available on VHS or DVD.
Iphigenia in Tauris is a reworking by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe of the ancient Greek tragedy Ἰφιγένεια ἐν Ταύροις by Euripides.
The House of Bernarda Alba was Lorca's last play, completed on 19 June 1936, two months before Lorca's death during the Spanish Civil War.
The Orya is a Greek comedy written by Epicharmus in 500 BC, mentioned by Hesychius.
Blood, Sweat and Stanley Poole is a 1961 play by William Goldman and James Goldman.
The play was first performed in 1960.
However, critics soon recognised it as the work of Shaw.
The story begins after explorer Henry Morton Stanley, has gone to relieve Emin Pasha, governor of Equatoria, from a siege by Mahdist forces.
A recording was arranged at the BBC as a Play for Today, produced by Margaret Matheson for BBC Scotland and transmitted in November 1977.
The stage play is adapted from Javerbaum's The Last Testament: A Memoir By God.
The Room is Harold Pinter's first play, written and first produced in 1957.
Some Girl(s) is a play written by Neil LaBute about a man only identified as "Man" who is about to get married.
The first act, Die Frage an das Schicksal, earned Schnitzler the title of Psychologischer Tiefenforscher from Sigmund Freud.
However, despite being nowadays acknowledged as Dunlap's best piece of work, it was, unfortunately, not a great success at the time.
It was Ridley's first professional work for the stage, having previously produced work as a visual artist, novelist, filmmaker, and scriptwriter for film and radio.
The play toured the provinces in England in the same year.
As a matter of fact, many people saw nothing erotic in The Green Bay Tree.
The two main characters are Salem and Kent, which are also the names of brands of cigarettes.
Ferenc Molnár wrote The Good Fairy, originally A jó tündér, in 1930.
Enraged by Petersen's criticisms in particular, Ibsen defended his work by arguing that it "is poetry; and if it isn't, it will become such.
It won the 2003-04 Obie Award, Outstanding Performance.
The play was adapted for films in 1949 and 1987.
Actress Gail Kane was not related to Whitford Kane.
The Siege is a Palestinian play developed and devised by The Freedom Theatre.
Don Juan is an 1862 drama by Aleksey Konstantinovich Tolstoy, first published in the April issue of The Russian Messenger magazine.
Educating Rita is a stage comedy by British playwright Willy Russell.
It was revived in 1937 at the Maxine Elliott Theatre.
Traveling versions of the production, including a national tour that ran for twenty-one years, played in the United States, Great Britain, and Australia.
Hedda Gabler is a play written by Norwegian playwright Henrik Ibsen.
In addition multiple shows were live streamed into theatres all around the country to make up for the lack of enough seats in the actual venue.
In some regards, the play helped increase that historical research and education in the 1980s and 1990s.
The same event is narrated in book 10 of Homer's epic poem, the Iliad.
Chose Promise is a one-man show performed by the French comedian Arnaud Tsamere from 2007 to 2014.
The play had its roots in Brenton's involvement with the small touring company Foco Novo and was the third, and final, show he wrote for them.
Written in 1995, Murphy's two-act drama premiered in New York in 1999, being performed at several Off-Broadway venues.
It was played at Klooga rand, a beach outside of Tallinn.
In 1955 it was voted best play that year by the Playwrights' Advisory Board, alongside Ray Lawler's Summer of the Seventeenth Doll.
The lines of Ichikawa Danjūrō and Matsumoto Kōshirō have come to be particularly celebrated for playing the role of Benkei in Kanjinchō.
The Public, also known as The Audience, is a play by the twentieth-century Spanish dramatist Federico García Lorca.
Daisy Pulls It Off is a comedy play by Denise Deegan.
It was not performed until November 8, 1913 at the Residenztheater, Munich, where it was produced by Max Reinhardt.
Hollywood Arms is a play by Carrie Hamilton and Carol Burnett.
However, the play is essentially a comedy with its confusion of sentiments, exchange of power between masters and valets, and finally the appearance of Arlequin.
Philoctetes is a tragedy by the Athenian poet Euripides.
Bringing It All Back Home is a one-act play by Terrence McNally.
The play was later revived at The Old Red Lion Theatre in 2014 for which Ridley substantially revised the script.
Chinglish is a play by Tony Award winner David Henry Hwang.
The play is set in 1965, when Pope Paul VI visited New York City.
Hell-Bent Fer Heaven is a melodrama play by Hatcher Hughes.
It was performed in New York City in 1980 and 1983, and spawned an ongoing comics series and audioplays.
Le Bal des Voleurs is a play written by French playwright Jean Anouilh, first staged at Théâtre des Arts, Paris on 17 August 1938.
Ghost Stories is a play written by Jeremy Dyson and Andy Nyman.
The script has been published on paperback by Gwasg Gomer.
The family is interrogated and revealed to have been responsible for the young woman's exploitation, abandonment and social ruin, effectively leading to her death.
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest is a play based on Ken Kesey's 1962 novel of the same name.
It tells the story of Epifania, a spoilt heiress, and her search for a suitor.
Ludwig was found drowned in Lake Starnberg in Bavaria in circumstances which have never been satisfactorily explained.
The Glory of Living is a 1996 play by Rebecca Gilman.
He took the manuscript of Iphigenia in Tauris with him on his famous Italian Journey.
She played Lisette, while the Duc de Chartres played Géronte and the Duc de Nivernais played Valère.
Baraka also recorded a version of the play with Sun Ra's Myth-Science Orchestra in 1968.
The Incomparable Max is a play by Jerome Lawrence and Robert E. Lee.
Dangerous Obsession is a psychological thriller written by N. J.
It is based on Chaucer's The Knight's Tale.
He finally found one in a Canadian university library.
Dancing at Lughnasa is a 1990 play by dramatist Brian Friel set in Ireland's County Donegal in August 1936 in the fictional town of Ballybeg.
Its world premiere was at the Royal National Theatre on 5 February 2011, where it officially opened on 22 February.
The Freaking Out of Stephanie Blake is a 1967 stage comedy which starred Jean Arthur and was produced by Cheryl Crawford.
The play draws on hundreds of interviews conducted by the theatre company with inhabitants of the town, company members' own journal entries, and published news reports.
Marivaux does not present two sincere characters, only two people who wear the mask of sincerity.
The play was originally published in the 1988 book Two for Missions, which also included For This Cause, a drama about John and Betty Stam.
Rand's intention was to dramatize a conflict between individualism and conformity, with the jury's verdict revealing which viewpoint they preferred.
It premiered at the Royal Court Theatre in London on 26 April 2007, directed by Jeremy Herrin.
In the final act, her death and resurrection are revealed to be a dream.
The third act centres on a game of poker.
Buddies is a 1919 Broadway musical by George V. Hobart and with music by Bentley Collingwood Hilliam.
Lobby Hero is a play by Kenneth Lonergan.
The Whos would later make a reappearance in How the Grinch Stole Christmas!.
It transferred to the Plymouth Theatre on Broadway, initially opening 4 October 1981 and running until 3 January 1982.
It is a biographical play about T. E. Lawrence and his time in the Royal Air Force.
It won the Tony Award for Best Play and the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Play.
The "Powermistress-General" is said by the biographers of Beatrice Webb to be modeled on Susan Lawrence, an old colleague of Shaw from the Fabian Society.
All of the characters' monologues were taken directly from their own letters, diaries and journals.
Basilio briefly frees Segismundo, but when the prince goes on a rampage, the king imprisons him again, persuading him that it was all a dream.
The original production of the play tested at the Nuffield Theatre in 1983, then ran for 1,180 performances at the Globe Theatre.
Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is a four-act play written by Thomas Russell Sullivan in collaboration with the actor Richard Mansfield.
The show also briefly ran at two Atlantic City casinos in 2005, 2006, 2011 and 2012.
Recent productions include one at the Watermill Theatre and a 1993 production directed by Michael Bogdanov for the Royal Shakespeare Company.
Horace Liveright had bought and produced this work.
In a poll conducted by the British Royal National Theatre in 1990 it was voted the "most significant English language play of the 20th century".
Van Doren is perhaps best remembered for the rock 'n' roll, juvenile delinquency, exploitation movie Untamed Youth, and other films of this calibre.
Abie's Irish Rose is a popular comedy by Anne Nichols familiar from stage productions, films and radio programs.
An enormous popular success, Corneille's Le Cid was the subject of a heated polemic over the norms of dramatic practice known as the Querelle du Cid.
It is best known for Vijay Chavan's iconic role in this famous Marathi Stage drama where he regaled in the title role of Moru's aunt.
The Ideal Gnome Expedition is a British musical play, with book, music and lyrics by children's playwright David Wood.
It premiered Off-Broadway in January 2008 at the Atlantic Theater Company Stage 2.
The title is a reference to the TV series Breaking Bad.
The play was sponsored by the Herakles General Cement Company of Greece.
This record was later broken by No Sex Please, We're British and then Run for Your Wife.
Nothing Personal is a 2011 play from David Williamson.
Castle signs the contract, but subsequently commits suicide with the knowledge that he can never reclaim his lost idealism that he had sacrificed for success.
Ruth Gordon was Bara's only Broadway role, and The Blue Flame was one of her last professional acting projects.
A Lie of the Mind is a play written by Sam Shepard, first staged at the off-Broadway Promenade Theater on 5 December 1985.
The play was later televised on American Playhouse in 1989.
Bridge of Blood: Jim Elliot Takes Christ to the Aucas is a 1973 readers' theatre play based on the story of Operation Auca.
Poe, however, chose to set his version in 16th-century Rome.
It never crossed my mind that the play could be seen to be about Robyn and Cate.
After this Cumberland switched to writing generally much lighter works, mostly comedy.
Madmen and Specialists is considered Soyinka's most pessimistic play, dealing with "man's inhumanity and pervasive corruption in structures of power".
The original London production is documented in Freeman, John, The Greatest Shows on Earth: World Theatre from Peter Brook to the Sydney Olympics.
In 1964, a film version of the play based on Pinter's unpublished screenplay was directed by Clive Donner.
It is based on the 2005 script by Clive Exton, and made its world premiere at the Wyndham's Theatre in September 2013.
It was performed for a season in Los Angeles.
A Conversation is a play by Australian author David Williamson.
His experiences living in the darkest days of the AIDS epidemic influenced his writing.
The plays were originally performed in that order.
It was a sequel to the off-Broadway production The Boys in the Band.
It was written, rehearsed, and performed, all within five days.
The Kelly Gang; or the Career of the Outlaw, Ned Kelly, the Ironclad Bushranger of Australia, is an 1899 Australian play about bushranger Ned Kelly.
